Inheritance Book 2
By Natasha Weber
Published by Natasha Weber at Smashwords
Copyright 2021 Natasha Weber
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter One: Themistoklis

Themistoklis, or Them for short, was an unlucky waif cursed with too many misfortunes to count. His most recent misfortune was being recruited by the Astral Elves to go die in the Crater of Resentment. But truly, his chain of misfortunes had begun years even before that.
Like all waifs, at the age of twelve, he was sent to the holy mountain two miles to the north of Trella alone on a quest to trigger his magic—if he, indeed, had the capacity for magic.
At first, he had been excited. He thought once his magic was triggered on the mountain,  he would have a long life of bliss ahead of him; he thought there was no other place to go than up, as his parents were banished from the waif homeland when he was six-years-old, and he had had to live with an adoptive family until he had gotten himself banished, too, at the age of sixteen. His adopted family did not treat him well and thought very little of him due to his former parentage. Children of those who were banished from the waif homeland were allowed to stay, that didn’t mean they were well-liked or accepted.
It did not help that Them had somewhat of a penchant for getting into trouble. Because he did not like his adopted home—a little home with a thatched roof sitting in the branches of a mighty oak tree—he would often steal from other villagers, tease the other boys and girls, and consume foods that were not kosher with his religion in his home village of Trauscus.
He was always starving.
He memorized the schedules of the other waifs in the village, and whenever he knew their homes were empty, he would sneak in, steal food and whatever else appealed to him, and then arrive late to the little schoolhouse which he only occasionally attended.
Most of the other villagers suspected it was he who was stealing their food, jewelry, and other items of interest, but because they had no proof, they could not accuse him directly.
Nonetheless, he was always regarded with derision and criticism by the other waifs and was otherwise ignored.
But when Them turned twelve, he was sure that once his magic was triggered on the holy mountain, that he would be well-respected. Moreover, he was sure that he would gain enough magical power to be able to hunt efficiently on his own and would no longer starve due to his family giving their biological children all the food, and only giving Them scraps.
When he arrived at the foot of the holy mountain, he was not without his worries, however. Like all waifs--regardless of whether he was able to awaken the magic that may or may not be coursing through his veins--if he didn’t come back to the village on his own, no one would come looking for him.
The mountain looked like an intelligent creature had made it. There was a path that circled around it in a spiral fashion, making it easy to ascend with no special equipment.All a waif needed was their own feet beneath them.
And so, Them had begun his adventure up the mountain in high spirits.
He walked for an hour on that ridge, expecting to see a vision that would allow him to tap into the magic hidden within him. The weather was warm--the path was jagged with sharp rocks. Them was sweating egregiously—so much that he felt it dripping from his forehead and into his eyes. His legs had eventually begun shaking and his stomach growled at him angrily.
He blinked and had thought he saw something glowing in an unearthly light through the sweat in his eyes, but when he had blinked the sweat out, the unearthly light had disappeared. Two hours later, he had passed out from the heat and didn’t expect to wake up again.
But wake up he did.
And when he had awakened, his muscles were still weak. He tried to lift himself to a sitting position, but he collapsed instead.
He had blinked rapidly--saw that he was no longer on the mountain. He was back in the green, shaggy forests of Trella, and he was looking at the feet of a creature he did not recognize.
He had tried, again, to pull himself to a sitting position, and this time, he managed it. He had sat up and seen that his rescuer was something out of legend. It was a will’o the wisp, a two-foot-tall, round and plump creature with an especially big head that doubled the size of its body and had large, cat-like ears jutting out from its head. It wore a tattered, brown cloak over its shining, white body. Round, black eyes blinked at the waif from under the cloak.
The wisp had floated effortlessly just two feet above the ground, inspecting the waif with intrigue.
“Have I lost my way?” Them asked.
Them looked down sadly. “That’s how the stories go. Wisps come to people who have lost their way…”
__
While waiting for the large, horse-drawn carriage to begin moving, Them had drifted off into a wakeful dream about the past. He awoke now as there was a bump in the road that jolted his eyes open.
Across from him in the carriage sat many creatures of different species. There was an elf and a dwarf sitting to the left of an old, human woman with dark skin, and to the right of her was a…
Them grinned from ear-to-ear. “Hello, beautiful! I thought I’d never meet you in person! Why are you wearing a man’s clothes, though?”
The fairy, who had been sleeping, opened his eyes and looked at Them in confusion.
“Who are you?” Eory asked.
-Chapter Two: No Time For Sulking
Twelve years ago, Pollyanna felt all life and vitality dissipating from her body as, for two months of her life, she had stewed in misery and given up.
She had faced failure for the first time in what felt like one-hundred years.
Laurence, the dishonorable and wretched cook in the kitchen--someone who had made himself out to be loyal to the Arrozan family--had put a strange cocktail of secret herbs in their food. Before it was sent out to be eaten by the Arrozan royal family, the guards tasted it to make sure it was not poisonous. It had no effect on them.
But later, Pollyanna would learn that the slimy, clever cook had figured out some kind of combination of herbs that constituted a potent sedative that would only be put into effect hours after it was taken, and only affected humans.
The day had otherwise been normal. Pollyanna had no other business to do but follow around and guard the king and queen all day, and so that was what she did.
But in the late afternoon, she had begun to feel drowsy. Drowsier than she ever had in her life. Her eyelids were heavy; her muscles felt lax—her vision began swimming. At that time, she had been in the throne room and listening to some rabble expressing their concerns to the king and queen about fights breaking out amongst the fairies and humans in the castle city.
The king and queen made it clear that they would send Pollyanna if necessary, but that the peasant should otherwise address the guards in their city to take care of the problem.
Pollyanna felt as if she were watching the human rabble leave the throne room with eyes that were not her own, and suddenly, she lost all muscle control and collapsed on the dais next to the king and queen.
The king and queen called her name, and the last thing she saw was King Herin kneeling by her side with his familiar, emotionally vacant face.
When she had awoken, four chains were manacled to her wrists and ankles. There were many swords, axes, and lances buried in her skin—her neck felt tender and a little off-balance. It seemed as if she had been beheaded, but the magic in her veins had quickly sewn her head back on.
She blinked rapidly. In front of her, a public beheading taking place in the castle courtyard in the waning light of an orange sun.
There was an incredibly loud crowd of bleating, human sheep gazing upon the people who were to be beheaded. She still felt incredibly dazed, but she awoke from her daze when she realized it was the king, queen, and their sons being beheaded.
The king was first in line. He was pushed toward the guillotine by a six-foot-tall, muscled, executioner.
Herin was screaming for Pollyanna to come rescue him—the most expression and fear he had ever shown since he was as young as six.
Pollyanna wriggled her chains, trying to escape; she tried to call back to the king, but a gag in her mouth prevented it. Around her, four guards pulled back on the chains around her ankles and wrists to restrain her.
Herin reached out to her with tears in his eyes as he was shoved into the guillotine. The executioner pulled the rope hanging off the side of the apparatus, causing the sharp cleaver at the top of the structure to drop.
Herin shrieked her name one last time in such an unearthly scream that the sound of it was seared into her memory forevermore. Pollyanna did not look away as the axe plummeted downward, severing the man’s head from his body. That was her self-imposed punishment for failing her king.
Gershom held his younger brother close as they waited for their turn nearby on the dais. Gershom had covered the younger fairy’s eyes, trying to comfort and soothe him as their mother was dragged to the guillotine next. Unlike her husband, she did not scream. Her expression did not change. But her eyes did meet Pollyanna’s accusingly.
It seemed as if time stopped for a moment as their eyes locked.
She knew what the queen was thinking; she was accusing the immortal warrior-maiden of failure.
The cleaver came down, the woman’s head came loose. The female fairy did not scream.
Pollyanna watched with unexpected tears in her eyes, still refusing to look away. She did not deserve to.
I promised myself I would never fail! I promised I would prove to myself and everyone else on this sorry earth that neither I, nor the Arrozans are to be trifled with! I cannot accept this failure!
Next, they grabbed the oldest Arrozan boy. They tore him from Eory’s arms as the younger brother screamed over the din of the crowd for his brother.
Gershom looked back at his brother regretfully, forcing a smile. Pollyana imagined that he must be telling his younger brother to be brave.
Within the crowd, a waif climbed up on the dais seizing the arm of the deceitful cook, Laurence, who had been cheering along with the crowd at the king and queen’s death.
The waif pointed at the older Arrozan boy, throwing herself on her knees before Laurence. Laurence shook his head, however, and nodded to the executioner.
The oldest Arrozan boy closed his eyes as he was pushed onto the apparatus. Tears that were accepting of his fate cascaded down his cheeks.
The rope was pulled again and the cleaver shhked downward, removing his head.
The executioner turned to the last Arrozan boy who was on his knees and weeping.
The waif—who Pollyanna recognized as Kori, one of the only waifs in all of Maribel— threw her arms around the younger boy. She glared at Laurence, her face dripping with hateful venom. The executioner pushed her roughly off the boy, dragging the screaming child by the wrist toward the guillotine.
With a determined look on her face, the waif pushed herself to her feet, engaging in a conversation with Laurence.
It took only a moment for Laurence to hold up a hand to the executioner who reluctantly released the boy. Kori called to the boy and he ran into her arms, weeping bitterly.
Pollyanna was dragged away after that, seeing no more of what happened. She was thrown in the back of a caravan with four guards still holding all four of her chains so that she could not move.
She was sure that, even if the youngest Arrozan child was spared for now, they would kill him very soon, and that would be the end of her.
As long as my family line survives, you will too. But if they are all extinguished, you will be, too. Fjorn’s voice teased her in her mind.
And so, Pollyanna was forcibly fed more sedatives and the soldiers dragged her to a securely built tower in the Dwarven kingdom of Ghar, where, night and day, she was kept chained on the freezing rooftop of a tower between two pillars, unable to move.
She had given up and waited to die.
Her failure haunted her, seeping into her bones and defining her.
If I am not the best at fighting—if I am not the best soldier—then what am I am?
The cold bit at her day and night up on that tower; her wrists were rubbed raw from the manacles digging into them. Her skin peeled--and if she hadn’t looked unsightly before--she certainly did, then. The dwarven guards would come by and taunt her from time-to-time, making her feel even worse.
She was put through such unforgettable pain on that tower as the dwarves poked, prodded, and tore at her body in an attempt to find a way to kill her for good.
As long as Eory lived, there was nothing that could succeed in that, however.
Time passed, and Pollyanna had little else to do but count the days that passed with it. And count them she did.
A week passed, and then another, and she was still alive. And then a month passed, and still, she lived. And then a year passed, and then another, and she still drew breath. And before she knew it, ten years had passed, and there was still a beating heart in her body. And suddenly, Pollyanna felt a burst of confidence and realized that there was no reason to sulk. The boy must be alive! Pollyanna thought to herself. They must be sparing him for good! And even if they aren’t, who cares? I’ve nothing left to do but try to escape--to prove that I am still a force to be reckoned with, even with my sires dead!
She smirked.
Pollyanna stepped forward as far as she could, pulling all the chains taut; she could hear the stone that her chains were attached to beginning to groan and give way.
She stopped for a moment, panting, after several minutes of pulling. Finally, with one last grunt of exertion, she yanked her arms and legs forward, and her chains were pulled from the stony pillar.
Gods! Why should I sulk? He’s not dead yet. I may as well give it my all!
By the time she was done with that tower, not a soul was left alive.
Pollyanna grinned at the memory as the adult Eory slept on her shoulder. Together, they waited for the caravan that would drive them to the Crater of Resentment to begin moving.
I’ve killed so many people to ensure your safety. I am willing to kill hundreds more. I never want to think of your mother's disapproving eyes on my face again. I will not fail ever again. She thought to herself as she looked upon his sweet face.
Chapter Three: Francis
Kori did not want to see the king after he had signed her son away over to the Astral Elves, and so, she dove into her work instead. She spent most of her time in the dungeon with criminals; she had returned, full-time, to her work as Redeemer, now that she had no Eory to visit or look after. There was something soothing about the work that made her forget about the horrors she had just experienced only a week before. For those first three days after Eory had gone, Kori could do little else but sit in her room in her nightgown, thinking of the cruelties visited upon her and Eory in that ballroom.
She thought of the king’s dirty and underhanded betrayal of his promise to set Eory free and kill only Pollyanna, and felt sick to her stomach at how he had so easily violated that promise. She thought of Eory’s hideous grin as he summoned that horrid creature from his dog’s corpse to devour all of those guards, feeling all-the-sicker. She thought of Pollyanna—a woman who she had no love for—with her tattered dress, bleeding from dozens of arrow wounds, and sincerely felt sorry for her, which made her feel all-the-sicker.
Lastly, she thought of how Eory had been ripped from her arms by a man she thought she loved, and sent to die a horrible, lonely death in the Crater of Resentment. That was what hurt the most, and made her weep the hottest tears.
The last smile he had given her was burned into her memory, and her mind would keep inevitably turning to it.
It was strange to think she had begun to prefer the company of criminals over the king’s, and yet here she was, about to spend all day with the most recent batch down in the bowels of the castle.
Kori hiked up her skirts, her heels clacking, on the stony steps leading down to the torchlit dungeon. At the bottom of the decrepit staircase were the dungeons, and alongside both walls, criminals were pacing, sitting, and exercising behind bars. The waif recognized them all but one. Curious, she sat outside the new prisoner’s dank, dark cell, looking in on them. Laurence, oddly enough, had not yet told her of this prisoner. It was very strange—the king almost always told her of new criminals before she went down to visit them, but not this time.
It was an elf. An ordinary elf, and not an Astral one. The elf was about five and a half feet tall, and did not have the long limbs nor the third eyes that Astral Elves did. 
The elf’s legs were stretched out in front of him or her--crossed at the ankles--and Kori tried to discern the creature’s sex as her eyes roamed over their features. It was hard to tell with elves--especially since Kori was experienced with so few of them--but this one was practically impossible to tell. In a moment, she decided he looked more male due to his square chin and bigger nose.
Kori forced a smile, even though it was incredibly difficult for her to smile at a time like this. “Hello. What’s your name?”
The elf crossed his or her arms. “My name is Francis, and I do not belong in this cell.”
Kori still could not tell what sex the elf was from his voice nor from his name, so she was content with thinking of him as a man.
She felt sorry for the elf, as she did all criminals. Many of them were not entirely horrible people, after all. Many had just lost their way. She was getting that feeling from this elf.
“You shouldn’t have disobeyed the law, then.” Kori replied.
“I broke no law, little waif. I am a messenger from Alanheim. I was sent with an official missive from our queen to your king concerning your debt.” Francis answered with a roll of his eyes. “You may be backwards, as all who are not elves are, but surely you know that taking an official messenger with a white flag captive is considered an act of war. Can you not pay your debts?” Francis queried.
Kori raised an eyebrow as she looked upon the elf’s dirty, blank face, cast in orange torchlight. “What debts?” Kori demanded as she gripped the grimy bars worriedly. “We have no debts!”
Francis stood up from where he had been sitting, leaning against the wall, sighing heavily. “Your king promised our queen an absurd amount of gold in return for helping you rid your kingdom of those Arrozans. Did he not tell you?”
Kori blinked rapidly, her mouth open in shock. In a moment, she scowled. “What is this? Some kind of lie you’re telling me to fool me into bartering for your freedom? Tell me what you are truly guilty of, elf.”
The elf looked at her with sad eyes, “I am guilty of many things that I am not proud of—including defending myself by killing two of King Laurence’s guards who tried to arrest me—but I am not guilty of anything that should have landed me in your dungeon. Ask your king, Lady.”
Kori looked into his sad, green eyes, trying to gauge whether he was telling the truth. He certainly seemed sincere, but…
Laurence wouldn’t lie to me about something so important… Kori tried to convince herself. Gods, Maribel can’t afford a war with the elves. We’re still shaking off the damage the Arrozans did.
Kori didn’t wish to see the king. She wasn’t sure she was ready to see him; of late, she could still only see him as the villain who sent her son away and refused her request to join him. She had considered stealing the king’s crown in the night and summoning an Astral Elf to take her away, but the Astral Elves only obeyed the orders of kings and queens.
Regardless, even though she was fairly certain that Francis must be lying about the situation, she had to get to the bottom of it by confronting Laurence. If the lie proved true, Maribel was in deep trouble.
-Chapter Four: Corrupting Innocence
King Laurence rubbed his temples as he listened to the business of a fairy come before him who was asking that Laurence make certain towns and cities in the kingdom homogenous--with only fairies or only humans occupying certain cities and towns. His advisors were listening to this business as well, and so he let his mind wander. And where it wandered made his muscles tense on the arm of his throne.
He remembered that evil fairy’s eyes flaring with black magic and the resounding sound—like glass breaking—filling his mind. He remembered the Astral Elf taking the boy away, and afterward…
He thought the shadow dog would have disappeared once Eory had gone, but it roared and whimpered, ghosting through the castle’s walls until it ended up outside--the whole castle shaking as it did so. It was a miracle that, reportedly, no one had been killed during its rampage.
It was still out there, somewhere.
Peasants and nobles alike came to ask Laurence what had transpired in the ballroom that night, and if they should fear the return of this shadow dog. Laurence promised them that he had it under control, and he sent a regiment of twenty soldiers to go scout for the dog for seven days. If they found nothing, they were to return.
The roar from that foul creature filled his ears; its bared, glinting, sharp teeth filled his eyes. He could envision it feasting on those poor archers--leaving nothing but bloody splotches behind--even now.
Queen Harriet noticed her husband was not listening at all to the fairy’s problems and put a hand over his.
He felt like taking it away. It was Kori he wanted, but the waif wanted nothing to do with him at the moment.
Laurence should never have let her spare that fairy to begin with. If he had just said no to her when she threw herself to her knees and begged for his life, they all could have been spared his presence at the ball and the massacring at the still-bloody ballroom. It would not have stopped Pollyanna from coming and taking revenge on them all, but it would have spared Kori from becoming so attached to such a corrupt creature who had turned her simple heart.
Laurence remembered the moment she had saved the fairy prince vividly.
The executioner had just lopped off the older fairy boy’s head, and was hauling the youngest one over to the guillotine at Laurence’s approval.
But Kori had looked at the king with such hateful and judgmental eyes that he knew the waif would have never forgiven him if he had killed Eory. Kori marched to Laurence’s side and said quietly and fearlessly to him. “Laurence, if you kill that boy, you will never see me again. If you kill that boy, I will have no respect or love for you and I will pray for your death everyday. That would be the only suitable punishment for you after killing such a young and innocent creature.”
Laurence had retorted sharply, “Innocent! You know what the Arrozans have done to me and my family and everyone in Maribel! None of them have ever been honest and upright! There has not been a single moral or kind Arrozan for as long as they have ruled! Why should we expect this creature to be any different?”
“He is six-years-old! His parents are the horrible people! Look at that weeping child! Does he look evil to you? Please… Let me take him. I will Redeem him like I have redeemed other criminals. I will raise him away from others in captivity where he will harm no one! Just let him live if you have any kindness in your heart! Otherwise, you are no better than the Arrozans you hate so much.” Kori had spat with vitriol in every ounce of her words.
And Laurence gave in.
He gave in because he thought there was a truth to her words; the boy was young, and perhaps he could still be saved. And it was true he would be little better than the Arrozans if he killed a boy so young without having any proof of his evil tendencies. Lastly, he gave in because he loved Kori more than anything, and he felt so guilty for being unable to marry her. He owed her for toying with her feelings and her heart; he owed her for making her his mistress.
She made that corrupt and horrid boy into her surrogate son because there was nothing she ever wanted more in life than to have children. Laurence knew that better than anyone, but Kori would be hard-pressed to have her own children at this point, and he knew that he was the only one she wanted to have children with.
Over the years, she would consistently bring him news about Eory—sometimes, she was hoping to convince him that he was fit for society, other times, she just wanted to tell him about Eory because it came so naturally to her. It was as natural to her as a biological mother discussing her child’s first steps with her husband.
At some point, she had become more loyal to that boy than she had to him. That was the biggest thing that was bothering him.
“Your Majesty?” One of his advisors standing next to the throne called his name, breaking him out of his reverie. Laurence blinked rapidly, coming back to reality. “Yes?”
“What’s to be done about this problem concerning the humans and fairies?” His advisor asked.
Laurence rubbed the back of his neck. “We can’t afford to convert every city and town in the kingdom into homogenous ones. We must all learn to get along. Separating humans from fairies will not help in that. If there is trouble within your city, ask your duke and city guards for help. I can do little to help you on this, myself.”
The fairy glared up at him from the bottom of the staircase leading up to the throne. He had come a long way just to be told that Laurence could not fix everything. Every peasant and noble came before him expecting him to fix everything. It was exhausting and beginning to wear on the human king. Laurence felt guilty, but, at feeling his concentration dimming and his eyelids becoming heavy, he realized he needed to stop for the day.
He turned to his advisor. “Take over, please. I must rest.”
Laurence stood up, then, feeling dizzy when the shadow dog flashed in his mind—so dizzy that he nearly lost his balance on the stairs. Harriet cried out his name and steadied him. “Are you alright, my darling? You never feel so sick that you have the need to let Levi take over…”
Laurence nodded to Harriet and then turned his attention back to reaching the bottom of the stairs. His eyes nearly sparkled with delight when he saw Kori standing in the shadow of an arch on his right that led to the hallway.
“Harriet, can you go see how our son is faring at his studies?” Laurence asked.
Harried nodded slowly, worry pulling at her lovely features. She helped Laurence the rest of the way down the stairs and then she left the throne room through the arch on the left side of the hall.
Laurence straightened his clothes and then joined Kori at the shadow of the arch. “What is it, Kori?”
She looked at him like she had never looked at him before; with wariness and mistrust.
She said with a low whisper, “I need to talk to you alone.”
-Chapter Five: Fallen Hero
When the Astral Elf--whose name they learned was Tyrus--had warped Eory and Pollyanna away from the throne room, they entered a world that was not Yharos; it was a world where time seemed to move faster and yet slower at the same time.
Eory fell through a stream of colorful lines of rushing light in a black space, and had nothing to do but think on the past and the possible future. Tyrus had warned them to speak and move as little as possible while they fell through this strange world.
And so, with little to do but think, his thoughts inevitably led him back to Pollyanna, as she was his only company now.
Eory loved Pollyanna. He had admired her for the longest time when he was younger, but that admiration had turned into love at some point. Sometimes, while Kori was away, the fairy would grab a pen in his room and pretend like he was Pollyanna—the mighty warrior-maiden—battling dragons and other beasts.
His imagination was wild and vivid. 
Every moment of battling those monsters with his pen felt completely real to him.
When Pollyanna swung her sword, he swung his pen-sword, when Pollyanna sweated with exertion, he did too. When her heart beat so loudly that she could hear it, his did too. When his imaginary crowd cheered Pollyanna as a hero, they cheered him, too.
But this Pollyanna was not the real Pollyanna. The real Pollyanna was right next to him, falling through the same stream of pulsing lights he was.
He shivered when he looked at her, feeling immense confusion and disorientation at his conflicting emotions regarding her.
Just hours before, he was pinned under her, drenched in her blood. Even now, he had her dried blood all over him--and her dress was still in tatters due to her arrow wounds from earlier.
He remembered the stink and the sweat and couldn’t seem to get it out of his nostrils. He seemed to be stuck in that moment with her, and found it hard to think of anything else. And his feelings about her turned from loving, to ugly. He didn’t know why this brave and kind act led him to think so poorly of her, when she had supposedly done much worse things. 
Perhaps that smell had awakened him to who she truly was.
She had seized him by the collar and threatened him for wanting to go to the ball to prove himself. She had shown hatred and disdain for anybody weaker than herself—including himself, and she had mercilessly killed all those guards who were guarding him and Kori upon leaving the tower. Above all, he resented her because if he had only ordered her to go away, his dog might still be alive, and maybe he wouldn’t have been sentenced to the Crater.
He had come to accept, as he fell through that other world where he felt detached enough from his own thoughts and emotions that he could examine them objectively, that Pollyanna was a horrible person, no matter how much he wished she wasn’t.
But she was a horrible person that he nonetheless had feelings for in ways that he could scarcely comprehend--ways that would disgust other fairies.
“Old women are sacred things; they are wise and all-knowing, just like the fairy goddesses. They must remain untouched by all but their husbands and children, or else they and those who touch them will become tainted by evil desires, and their knowledge shall become corrupted and evil as well--just like the youngest of the wizened fairy goddesses, whose heart was tainted black by becoming enamored with a young fairy.” His biological mother had told him the story so many times that he never forgot it. He took it very seriously.
-And everytime he had an errant thought about how pretty Pollyanna’s silver hair looked, or how lovely her luscious, firm her skin was, or how well-muscled her body, he blushed and felt sick to his own stomach at his thoughts.
He had seen so many other fine and beautiful young ladies at the ball and walking about in the castle as well, and yet he wanted none of them the way he wanted Pollyanna. He was beginning to realize it was not normal for someone his age to want someone as old as she; after all, everyone at the ball either seemed to have a wife who was very close to their age or, in some cases, much younger.
Then why don’t I feel anything toward those women? Maybe it’s because she’s the only one I have ever known—even if it was only from fairy tales that Kori told me. 
Eory thought to himself as he gazed upon Pollyanna, whose eyes were closed. She appeared to be sleeping.
Eory was all alone, with no one but this woman to depend on, however. He was stuck with her, regardless of how he felt about her.
He thought about Gershom—both the fairy and the dog—and felt his stomach twist into knots and felt a lump form in his throat.
I just want him to lick my face and give me that stupid grin… Eory thought to himself sadly.
Eventually, Eory, Tyrus, and Pollyanna all fell out of the brightly colored, stream of light, landing roughly on their feet on a grassy hill. Eory fell on all-fours, the ground swimming beneath him. He hugged his churning stomach for comfort, swallowing a lump in his throat.
Pollyanna knelt next to him and put a hand on his shoulder. “Are you okay?”
Eory climbed to his feet and did not answer.
He thought about how he had been trapped beneath her. He thought of the stink and the arrows heads sticking through her skin, nearly piercing his own, and shuddered.
Pollyanna raised an eyebrow, removing her hand from his shoulder. Eory looked at the blue sky, eyes still wet with tears. He glanced to his right after drying his tears to see a small, stony structure—about as tall as Pollyanna--with four pillars supporting a roof, and under that roof, a giant, green candle was lit.
“The caravan will be along in a moment. Do not attempt to run; you have signed the contract, and if you run too far, the magic binding the contract will merely bring you back to my side.” Tyrus said in his usual, monotone fashion.
Pollyanna recognized the structure with the green flame under it. Astral Elves needed to use those to make their way through that other world they were falling through. If they didn’t, they would get lost and perhaps never make it back to Yharos. In her long lifetime, she had been warped to one by an Astral Elf only once before. There were only a few of those green flames on Yharos, however, because only the Astral Elves of ancient times knew how to make them. The knowledge had since been lost.
I suppose that’s why they can’t warp us directly to the Crater… Pollyanna thought to herself.
“Ah, here is the caravan now.” Tyrus said.
To Eory’s left, a female Astral Elf driving a long caravan--large enough to fit twelve people on the inside--arrived. Its wheels rolled over the grassy earth, its churning wheels hurt Eory’s sensitive ears as it approached.
Eory looked at the caravan with a flash of fear, fighting the urge to run. He had signed his death warrant, after all, there was no escaping.
“What’s wrong?” Pollyanna asked.
“I don’t want to die...” Eory murmured.
Pollyanna watched him bawl for a moment and was reminded of who he truly was again; a scared, awkward and sheltered young man who had spent almost all his years tucked safely inside a tower—only to be released and sent to die in a prison of a different kind despite doing nothing wrong, himself.
She wanted to hold him, but she resisted. Instead she said, “I’ll protect you, Eory. I promise.”
The caravan stopped in front of them. Eory looked at it with his heart beating wildly.
Pollyanna kindly took his hand, however, and led him to the side of the caravan. She clambered into the caravan, and then turned around, offering Eory a hand.
Eory dried his eyes. He let her pull him up on the step.
Inside the vehicle were many other people already seated on uncomfortable planks of wood jutting out from either side of the caravan that Eory was expected to sit on.
Pollyanna sat down first, and then Eory sat down next to her, closing his eyes. In a moment, he fell into a deep sleep.
When he opened his eyes, he saw that he was seated across from a waif--a waif made distinct by the fact that the tip of his ear looked like it has been bitten off, judging by the bite mark--and that all the seats on the caravan were now full.
The caravan had begun rolling steadily on toward the crater of resentment.
-Chapter Six: She Arrives
The waif’s eyes lit up with recognition, and he exclaimed, “Hello, beautiful! I thought I’d never meet you in person! Why are you wearing a man’s clothes, though?”
Eory was befuddled. “Who are you?” 
He certainly thought he would have remembered meeting a waif with fluffy, silvery hair, golden eyes, and an ear with the tip chewed off.
“You mean you don’t recognize me, beautiful?” Themistoklis asked, rapidly blinking. “Come on, Taylor. Don’t play tricks on me!”
Eory cocked his head to the side and pulled his legs uncomfortably up to his chest. “Taylor…?”
Pollyanna glared at the waif and said, “What are you talking about, waif?” She then turned to Eory. “Is he bothering you, Eory?”
Them threw his hands up defensively with a grin. “Calm down, old-timer! I’m only talking to your gorgeous friend, there!” The waif’s eyes returned to Eory and he continued, “Since when do you have a female behemoth for a guard, beautiful?”
Eory looked away from Them, his cheek pressed against his knee. He said nothing.
-Them leaned forward--face half-in-shadow, half-in-light, due to sunlight seeping in through the fabric ceiling of the caravan. He examined Eory’s face closely. “Hmmm, I could have sworn you were her, though…”
There was a bump in the road, causing everyone in the caravan to bounce uncomfortably.
Them steadied himself, grabbing onto the edge of his seat. Afterward, he leaned in close to the will o'the wisp sitting by him. “Hey, Pete… Don’t you think she looks like Taylor? The old broad looks familiar, too…”
His friend Pete, whose tiny little legs did not even reach the floor, nodded.
Pollyanna crossed her arms and her ankles. “Who is this Taylor you speak of? And Eory is a man, not a woman.”
Pollyanna was waiting for Eory to intervene on his own behalf, but he was oddly silent—even more so than usual. “Eory, what’s wrong?”
Eory turned away from her, his shoulders slumped.
Pollyanna examined him curiously. There was definitely something wrong.
Them was flabbergasted. “Man? No way… Don’t fool me like that, you old witch. And don’t you fool me, either, Taylor. I know we like to tease each other plenty, but I think I’d know your face when I see it!”
Eory was still silent, not meeting anyone’s eyes. 
She didn’t know what was wrong with him, and she certainly didn’t know how to make him feel better. She just knew she owed him her life and she wanted nothing more than to thank him for it.
But who is this Taylor? Stupid waif must be confusing him for some other fairy. Pollyanna concluded.
Themistoklis gave a long yawn and a stretch—causing the will’o the wisp sitting next to him to giggle. Like all wisps, it spoke no words, but rather spoke in the sounds of a bell—a bell that only the person it followed and pledged itself to could understand.
Them rolled his eyes. “Yes, yes, Pete, I’m tired. You know we waifs are naturally nocturnal creatures—I can’t help but be exhausted during the day.”
The waif was quiet for a moment, and then decided he was bored. If he were to stay awake, he needed to have an entertaining conversation with either the old hag or the beautiful fairy.
“So, not-Taylor and old woman, might I ask what you have been through to end up in this caravan of doom? I assume it must have been pretty bad judging by your tattered clothes and that dried blood.” Them said with a grin.
Pollyanna was beginning to get annoyed by this waif.
Why are all these damned waifs so infuriating?
She clenched her fists, her eyes narrowed. “I suggest you shut up, waif. Eory clearly doesn’t want to talk to you. Besides, we have no wish to discuss our business with you.”
Them crossed his arms with a sly grin, looking at the fairy with intrigue. She’s playing such a fun game! Perhaps I’ll win that third kiss from her!
“You know not even this ugly mountain can stand between us, my sweet! You think I fear her? She is nothing when pitted against true—” Pollyanna stood up with her back hunched—she was too tall to stand entirely upright in the caravan—and seized the tiny waif by the collar. Her other hand clenched and unclenched reflexively.
“You think I haven’t heard every pathetic joke in the book about my height in my lifetime? Oh yes, stupider and stronger men than you have slighted my looks and my height. I used to just let their empty-headed jokes roll off my back until I remembered that I was strong enough to simply kill them for their transgressions. I ripped their tongues out, first.” Pollyanna muttered threateningly.
Them gulped, thinking his life was over.
Pete’s ringing voice sounded in his ears, the wisp floating into the air, readying himself to defend his friend.
But suddenly, a voice cut through the air—a voice that was loud and commanding.
“Put him down, you oaf.” Eory had slid off his seat and was now looking at them with a smirk.
Pollyanna glowered and protested, “But Eory! He is insulting both of us and—”
“I order you to put him down!” Eory commanded.
Them’s heart was beating wildly, silence cutting through the air for a solid moment.
Pollyanna opened her fingers, letting the waif fall to the ground.
Anyone in the caravan who was awake was watching the scene unfolding before them unblinkingly.
Eory swept his hair back confidently, planting his hands on his hips, standing in front of the Them who had been dropped on his belly. “You wanted me, my darling, and here I am. You want that third kiss, right? You better come and get it.”
Pollyanna turned her nose up in disgust as Eory sat back down on his seat and motioned the waif to come kiss him with a pointer finger.
-Them stood up like nothing had happened, wearing an aimless smile on his face and straightening his clothes. He looked into the fairy’s alluring, rosy eyes determinedly. “Done playing games now, Taylor?”
Eory nodded as he pulled one leg up to his chest, wrapping his arms around it.
The waif stepped toward her slowly. Those who were awake in the caravan watched the scene with bated breath.
Them crossed the very short space between them, placing his hands on either side of Eory’s hips. The fairy puckered his lips. Them’s heart beat a little faster.
For as long as she had known him, Taylor had teased him about getting that third kiss to the point of torture--now was his change. He brought his mouth closer and closer to Eory’s. Their faces were an inch apart when Pollyanna roughly shoved Them aside. “Eory, I will not have you kissing other men! You will surely never make it to Paradise if you do!”
Eory shrieked in such an unfamiliar and high-pitched voice that it made Pollyanna jump.
He turned to Pollyanna, punching her weakly in the arm. “Listen, you bitch! I was only messing with him and I can handle myself! You’d think I’d ever let anyone kiss me so easily? Furthermore, I am not Eory, I am Taylor!”
Chapter Seven: Plants
Pollyanna was baffled by what had unfolded in front of her.
Not only did Eory and this waif seem to know one another, but Eory’s personality seemed to have become the opposite of what it normally was.
Never in a thousand years would Eory have called her a bitch to her face. Never would he have let out that unearthly shriek that this woman calling herself Taylor had moments before. He was quiet and sweet, and this woman was certainly neither of those things.
And Pollyanna, after thinking for a moment, realized what precisely had happened to Eory.
That damned Kori! Pollyanna thought to herself. She’s responsible for this!
Them was laughing raucously at the whole situation, returning to his seat. “You truly never planned to kiss me, after all? You’re always teasing!”
Taylor giggled a little in response, sitting on his lap and wrapping her arms around his neck. She pursed her lips, saying, “You should know better by now, you fool. I’ll give you that third kiss when you have lost an arm for me or when you have earned me one-thousand gold pieces!”
Them couldn’t stop smiling, despite the fact that she was crushing him under her weight as she was a whole head taller than him. He poked her pointed nose playfully. “You’re just too much fun to have around! I’m glad I can finally, truly touch you! Meeting on the dream plains was simply no fun at all! I might just steal a kiss if you will not let me have one! It could be in a few seconds, it could be in a few days, or it could be no—”
He thrusted his face at hers, trying to steal a kiss. She half shrieked, half laughed, as he did so—shoving his face away with a pale hand. She climbed off his lap, clapping her hands to her now red cheeks. “You beast! You demon! You scallywag! You shall never take advantage of me!”
Everyone in the caravan was now awake and watching the melodrama being put on by Taylor and Them with rapt attention.
Pollyanna furrowed her brow. She seized Taylor’s wrist and made her sit by her. “You are not acting like a proper lady should! You must—”
Taylor interrupted with an intentionally high and prissy laugh. “Advice on being a lady from an oaf like you! Please! You think fairy women are like human ones? You think we are expected to sit up straight, cross our ankles and that the only things we are allowed to say is ‘yes’ to men! Fairy women are expected to have their own minds! We are expected to control our men and our children! We can be as outgoing, loud, and open as we please, unlike you!”
“You are not a woman! You are a man!” Pollyanna whispered in embarrassment.
 All eyes in the caravan were glued to the situation unraveling before them. Everyone around them was whispering and chuckling.
-Pollyanna grabbed Taylor’s shoulders gruffly, “Don’t you understand what has happened to you? You were never meant to exist! Your mother saw what you were like and decided she wanted a boy instead!”
Taylor’s face twisted darkly, becoming hideous. She shoved Pollyanna with strength that the old warrior-maiden didn’t know Eory possessed.
“Yes, yes. I know what mother wanted and what mother thought! She was a stupid, batty woman! She picked me to be a girl for the first five years of my life, only to change her mind and decide to change my name along with everything else about me even though she knew it would… It would hurt me. She took away my fine dresses, my cute jewelry and saddled me with—with this!”
Taylor motioned to her man’s clothes angrily.
Pollyanna had only seen only a few cases like this before in all her years of defending the Arrozan Royal Family.
One particular case came to mind--a girl by the name of Rebecca.
Unbeknownst to nearly everyone who was not a fairy, all fairies started off as little seedlings, planted in patches of soil. Pollyanna remembered how amazed she was when she first found out this little secret, as she, like most other humans, had assumed that fairies were grown the same way every other species on Yharos was. Fjorn had hauled her by the hand to come take a look at the ‘recent batch of children’--dragging her out to a secret garden tucked away behind the castle--where little white-stemmed plants were growing. “In a year, they will be old enough to pull from the ground, and they will weep for their mothers like regular children.” Fjorn had explained. 
Rebecca had been raised the same way all fairies had been raised for the first fourteen years of her life, and was the great grand-daughter of Fjorn. She had started off as a seedling, raised as a girl, and took on the traits of a woman. Pollyanna was rarely expected to help with the seedlings or any newborn children, but she spent a lot of time with the child, Rebecca, because the poor thing’s mother wanted little to do with her.
Pollyanna remembered the young girl being a very silent, odd, and self-depreciating thing who always seemed to be pining for some kind of attention, but was too frightened to seek it.
Pollyanna was ordered to keep her company much of the time, but she also wanted to be a friend to the young girl of her own free will.
“What are you doing hiding out here by yourself?” Pollyanna would ask when she would often find the girl hiding out in the garden by herself.
The girl brightened when she saw Pollyanna approaching as she always did, and she threw herself into Pollyanna’s arms. The old warrior-maiden lifted the girl up and spun her around which, eliciting giggles from Rebecca, and then placed her on the ground where the girl sadly explained, “Mother wants nothing to do with me. She told me to get out of her sight.”
And Pollyanna would reply with a comforting smile, “That’s alright! We’ll have ourselves a game of hide-and-seek instead!”
But one day, when Pollyanna found the girl out in the garden, she was no longer a girl at all. She was dressed in a man’s clothes and staring forward wordlessly at the white roses which were planted across from her.
“Rebecca, what’s wrong?” Pollyanna had asked.
And the girl—or boy—as he now was, turned his back to her and smirked brightly--almost maniacally. Rebecca’s long braid had been cut off—her hair shorn—her bracelets, earrings, and necklaces had been removed, and her personality had either changed or gone. Her chin seemed stronger, her nose seemed bigger, and her arms and legs seemed to be more muscular.
When Pollyanna asked the queen why she had begun referring to Rebecca as a boy and why she had ripped the girl’s identity away, the queen replied, “boys are boisterous. That girl was a wet blanket at the best of times. A change in sex can only improve her desirability.”
“Change in sex?” Pollyanna replied confusedly.
“Fairies change sex based on many things. That girl wasn’t fit to be the head of any fairy family. She will live a greater life as a man.” The queen said with a sneer.
Rebeccea, or Myles, as he had come to be known, did not live a happy life. He lived recklessly and dangerously until he was killed by a group of humans. Pollyanna wondered if Myles ever missed being Rebecca--she knew that she missed Rebecca, even if no one else did.
Pollyanna stared blankly forward at Taylor as she wrapped her arms around Them, teasing him and giggling gaily.
Pollyanna realized what must be happening.
That damned waif, Kori, raised him like a woman and so Taylor never went away entirely!
She was worried she might lose Eory to Taylor forever if she couldn’t get him to start behaving more like a man.
Chapter Eight: Gold
Kori demanded that she and Laurence speak in his private cabinet alone. It was a small room tucked away in Laurence’s quarters. The cabinet was asimple room meant for private conversations between the king and his advisors. It had white wallpaper with decorative plants lining the top plastered on the walls and a small, ashwood table in the center of the room with three, red-cushioned chairs pushed into it. The king sat in one of the chairs, and Kori sat across from him. She took a deep breath before saying, “Laurence, did you truly take out a loan from the elves to help us during the revolt?”
Laurence hunched over, rubbing the bridge of his nose, and then looking down at his worn hands silently. “Why are you asking this?”
Kori bristled. “Because there is an elf in the dungeon who is claiming that he came here carrying a white flag and a missive from his queen! He says he was wrongly attacked by some of your men and thrown in the dungeon! If this is true, it could be grounds for war, Laurence! You told me that the elves helped us overthrow King Herin because you had formed a mutual alliance with them! Tell me you didn’t pay for our revolt in borrowed, elven gold!”
Laurence was silent. He clenched and unclenched his fists. His eyes were glassy; he looked very tired. In a moment, he was sobbing. “I didn’t know what else to do, Kori! We had to overthrow Herin, but we didn’t have the weapons or manpower to do it! I negotiated with the elves—tried to arrange an alliance between our two kingdoms, but I had nothing to offer them because I was only a cook at the time. So they proposed a different deal; they would supply us with weapons and elves to retake the throne and, in return, we would owe them the money for the weapons they supplied and slaves who they could use as they pleased.”
Kori grimaced in horror. “Slaves! Laurence, tell me you did not sell our people into slavery!”
Laurence gulped, shuddering in shame. He still would not meet her gaze. “I gave them one-hundred fairies. It was more than fair—considering how many weapons and men they lent to us to take the castle.”
Kori stood up and took a deep breath with her back facing Laurence. “Maribel does not own slaves, Laurence, and we do not sell out people into slavery! Only elves are guilty of such awful deeds! Not even King Herin was guilty of doing such a vile thing!”
Laurence’s eyes flared in anger at her accusation. He stood up—knocking his chair over—grabbing Kori by the shoulders—spinning her around. “How dare you compare me to that monster! It’s true he never called his subjects slaves, but you know as well as I that he treated us all as slaves and worse! How could you compare me to him knowing what he did to me and my family!”
His fingers dug into her tiny shoulders, pain coursing through them. Kori backed away, gulping. Laurence watched her cower until she melted under his gaze. She backed away slowly until she backed into a wall, and then she sank to the floor. She said shakily, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry… I know what you went through better than anyone else! I know how badly you wanted—no, you needed to dethrone Herin. Please forgive me for being so judgmental.”
Laurence looked at his hands--teeth gritted--and couldn’t believe that he had dared hurt the woman he loved like no other.
He huddled down next to her and wrapped an arm about her shoulder—holding her close.
Kori’s eyes were wide and unblinking. She used her magic to slow Laurence’s heartbeat and calm his overactive emotions.
She wanted to put an end to this ugly thing between them; she wasn’t even sure she loved Laurence or even liked him anymore after he had signed her surrogate son away, but somehow when he put an arm around her shoulder, everything seemed like it would be okay.
“Laurence, what were you thinking taking their messenger captive?” Kori whispered. “We can’t afford a war right now.”
Laurence took a deep breath. She felt his muscles relax. “We can’t pay this debt, either. The elven queen says that if we can’t pay the monthly amount I promised her, that I have three choices; I can pay the debt in more slaves, I can pay the debt by giving up the kingdom’s sovereignty, or she will… Take the kingdom by force."
There was dead silence between them and Kori could feel her heart beating faster in fear and rage.
In a moment, Laurence spluttered, "I’m sorry I brashly threw the elf into the dungeon, but I was so angry! I couldn’t stand another one of her high and mighty elves coming around to demand more gold that we didn’t have! I thought to myself… That I may as well start a war, myself, if I can’t pay the debt.”
Kori let his words sink in for a moment as her thought began turning—began trying to think of a way out.
In a moment, she stood up determinedly. “By how much gold are we short?”
Laurence looked into her judgmental eyes for a moment, and then his eyes flitted to the left in embarrassment. “One-thousand gold pieces.”
Kori’s legs felt weak and she collapsed in astonishment. “We can’t possibly expect to tax the citizens that much… They probably don’t even have that much…”
There was silence between the two for a time, and then Kori stood up dizzily and said firmly, “I’ll handle this.” Kori announced, making her way to the door.
Laurence followed her to the door and asked, “How? I have practically declared war on them!”
Kori answered, “Francis seems reasonable. I will have a talk with him.”
-Chapter Nine: Willpower
Eory realized he recognized the waif who introduced himself as Themistoklis, but he also realized he didn’t really care to know the waif or try to figure out where he had seen him. What little noise was around him—from the conversation Them and Pollyanna were having—melted away and he withdrew within himself. He turned his back to Pollyanna and Them, facing the dwarf sitting next to him who was still sleeping. He hugged his knees and seemed to be observing himself hugging his knees as his consciousness detached from him.
His surroundings began spiraling into blackness all around him until he was alone with himself—the last person in the world he wanted to be alone with.
The fairy sat there in silence for what felt like an eternity.
He was absolutely still until he heard a faint sound--like screaming-- echoing through the stillness of the black room.
At the sound, he lifted his chin from his knees, looking up. His large ears perked up; his pupils shrank in surprise.
The sound was gone in a moment, but then his nostrils were filled with a stench that he had only become familiar with just a day before; the stench of sweat mixed with blood. A smell like rusting iron coated in bacteria.
Suddenly, the smell became more distinct in his nose, and the screaming became loud in his ears.
Spreading out from under him, the blackness of the room bloomed into the likeness of the ballroom with warm lights and brightly colored outfits. And then he saw the shadow dog mowing down the archers.
Eory yelled, throwing himself down on the ballroom floor. He wept hideously until the sounds and smells had melted away. He found it so very strange, but he pined to be back in his prison where he was safe and sound; where he lived happily with Kori.
He felt little hands on his shoulders, and they lifted him up. He came face-to-face with Kori. His mother figure was smiling at him compassionately.
She thumbed away his tears, saying to him, “Look at you, my brave boy… You sacrificed your own happiness—your own life—to prove you are good-hearted. You did nothing wrong, you know that, right? You acted in self defense… You did everything right, and now you're punishing yourself for no reason.”
Eory sniffled and cried, “Kori!”
He tried to throw his arms around her, but she disappeared and he was left alone to dry his own tears. He stared forward blankly digesting just how truly lonely he was.
No dog, no mother, no siblings. He had only Pollyanna, a cruel woman at best, and an evil woman at worst.
Soon enough, a pair of thin, white legs appeared in front of him. “You did everything right, and still ended up the villain. You're sentencing yourself to a pretty slow death. Aren’t you tired, Eory? Tired of trying to be good? No, more than that. You’re tired of being alive, aren’t you? It’s far too stressful, isn’t it? Let me take over, Eory. I’ll make us survive. It was my body to begin with, after all.”
Eory looked up and met Taylor’s determined eyes.
Suddenly, he remembered. He remembered his biological mother looking down her nose at him as a child. Taylor was a quiet little girl who cried a lot and was shy and cowardly like Eory was.
His mother didn’t like that.
So, one day, she told him that his name was no longer going to be Taylor and that it was going to be Eory instead. She made him dress like a boy, always called him by male pronouns, and forced him to take part in primarily male activities.
“Do you remember now, Eory? Well, I sure proved mother wrong, didn’t I? Look at me! I’m just as boisterous and confident as she wanted me to be—far more confident than you. And you, well… You’re essentially how I used to be. Just a simpering, weeping, coward. I guess I should thank mother for making me want to become strong enough to prove her wrong.” Taylor said with a smile. “You never had that kind of motivation.”
Eory said quietly, “You’ll do evil things, won’t you? You don’t care who you hurt, do you?”
There was silence, until her strong voice cut through it.
“If someone stands in the way of what I want, they will get hurt. Otherwise, I will not hurt or kill anyone unnecessarily.” Taylor assured him.
Eory weakly said, “Then… Then… I can’t let you take over…”
She snorted. “Goddesses! Just listen to you! You’re pitiful. Secretly, you want me to take over just so you won’t have to face what you did, don’t you? You didn't even do anything wrong but defend yourself and the woman you foolishly gave your heart to.”
Eory rubbed his arms uncomfortably, shrugging.
Taylor offered him a hand.
He heard the screams echoing in his mind, and he crumbled. He took her hand, letting her drag him into the darkness with her as the ball faded away.
Before he knew it, he was watching the world with eyes that were not his own and listening to himself insult Pollyanna with a mouth he could not control.
-Chapter Ten: Wild Woman
Themistoklis was enjoying the ride to the Crater far more than he thought he would thanks to the beautiful Taylor, who had no problems teasing and entertaining him. He had no deep feelings for her, and she had none for him--but Them loved the company of all women and there was something about the features and attitude of this particular woman that he especially loved.
The woman was a nightmare just like she was on the many occasions they met on the dream plains; one moment she would be flirting with him, whispering sweet nothings in his ear, and the next she would be biting it. There was something about her wild nature that drove him mad, and it was those feelings of impulses and passions that he always craved. He suspected it was because such impulses were frowned upon while he lived in Trella for the first sixteen years of his life.
Taylor was sitting on him again--which was fairly uncomfortable since she was five-feet-tall and he was only four-foot-three, but he certainly didn’t want her to get off. She let him wrap his arms around her lower back and he let her wrap hers around his neck.
The old warrior-maiden sitting across from them was giving him dagger eyes, and finally, Them realized who she was. He met Taylor’s beautiful rosy eyes and asked, “Beautiful, is that old broad the legendary Pollyanna? The Arrozan Sword”
Taylor, who was pressing her cheek into his forehead, nodded. “You fool! How could you not know? She’s pretty hard to miss, after all! She’s an ogre of a woman!”
Taylor leaned in close to his ear and whispered, “I could have her snap you in two easily, you know, so you better do exactly as I say.”
Them looked across at Pollyanna, whose face was still twisted into an angry grimace, and gulped. “Come now, my darling, you know I’d never do anything to upset you or your ugly bodyguard over there!”
There was a bump in the road, causing Taylor to release her hold around Them’s neck. She squealed, she lurched backward, her head knocking into the arm of an elf sitting next to her.
The elf shoved her roughly off of him and said, “Stupid whore! Go amuse your lover elsewhere!”
Taylor gasped in shock, growling lowly. “Pollyanna, I order you to k—to ki--!”
You will not! The man said in her head. Don’t you dare give her that order.
Taylor groaned in frustration, punching the elf without thinking as she righted herself into a proper sitting position. The elf looked at her in astonishment for a moment, his brows furrowed.
-Taylor was grinning at him smugly.
The elf slammed a fist into her face.
Taylor shrieked. Impulsively, she seized the elf’s neck, choking him with both her hands. She wrestled him down onto the knee of the shocked human who was sitting next to him.
Pollyanna watched with intrigue for a moment. She couldn’t care less if Taylor choked the man to death, but then she thought of how much Eory would hate himself if he found out about it. For the first time in a long time, she wrestled with a guilty conscience.
With a sigh, she climbed to her feet, easily tearing Taylor from the man by wrapping an arm around the girl’s waist and carrying her away from the elf.
The will’o the wisp, Pete, had gone ballistic while the fairy girl was choking the elf, his voice ringing relentlessly. Them had clapped his hands to his ears, trying to block out the noise. “Calm down, Pete, calm down!”
Stop her! Stop her, Them! The wisp cried in a language only Them could understand.
Taylor continued to claw and scream as Pollyanna dragged her away, seating the fairy next to her, facing Them. “Stay here, Eory.”
Taylor gave Pollyanna such an ugly look that even Pollyanna was somewhat unnerved. “I am not Eory! I am not a passive coward, and I will not march willingly to my death! This is my body, not his!”
The old warrior-maiden had her own plans, however. She would call Taylor by Eory’s name and use male pronouns as much as possible to reinforce his identity.
Hopefully he’ll reemerge that way… Pollyanna thought to herself sadly.
Them sat cross-legged, asking the elf sitting next to him, “What kind of a gentleman hits a lady? You ought to be ashamed of yourself.”
The elf was ignoring the waif. He had his eyes glued to Taylor’s. Her eyes, however, were examining her nails. She gasped in a moment. “There’s dirt under my nails! Stupid Eory!”
Them grinned. He wished her temper hadn’t gotten the best of her so she would still be sitting on his lap.
Pete nudged Them’s shoulder so he would stop staring at the fairy. Them gave his wisp friend his full attention and asked him, “So, Petey. Do you think we’ll survive the Crater?”
Of course we will. I’ve bonded with you. I’ll keep you safe. Pete told him sincerely.
Them rubbed the back of his neck, wishing the throbbing in his head would stop. Taylor’s shrieking, apparently, had had a profound effect on him.
“Well, whether we live or die, I’m just glad I’ll have you by my side as always.” Them said with his eyes lighting up in joy.
Pete nodded with his big, oval eyes scrunching up in a smile. There’s no pair closer than us two!
Them always thought Pete was a little too down-to-earth to be such a rare, but then, Pete told Them long ago that he was not like other wisps. He had chosen a dangerous life among mortals, after all, rather than a life safe within the adjacent wisp world.
There were only a few wisps in the mortal world, andPete had picked him of all people to bond to. Them had never felt worthy of the wisp’s time, attention, and friendship—although he certainly appreciated it to no end.
Chapter Eleven: Living in Shadow

Being a nocturnal creature, Them could barely keep his eyes open during the day. Somehow, the constant, noisy, rhythmic churning of the caravan wheels made him feel relaxed. He leaned his head on Pete’s shoulder, falling asleep.
Pete looked across the narrow space separating himself, Taylor, and the old warrior-maiden, Pollyanna. Pete wished that Them had never met Taylor on the dream plains. She was bad news for him. It was Pete's duty to keep bad news out of Them's life.
The fairy girl was staring at Them with dreamy eyes and then she asked Pete, “How did you two end up going to the Crater?”
Them made a series of bad decisions and—Pete chimed, but was interrupted by the caravan coming to a rumbling halt.
The Astral Elf driving the caravan, Syria, called back to the conscripted criminals, “We’re going to take a break. Get out and stretch your legs. Once we resume, we’ll be at the Crater in about another hour.”
Them snored and snorted in his sleep, waking himself up, his eyes fluttering rapidly. He turned to Pete and asked, “What’s happening?”
We’re stretching our legs. Pete replied as the wisp floated up through the roof of the caravan.
Them yawned and smacked his lips tiredly as he watched his friend go. “Show off…”
Everyone in the caravan clambered out of the tight, suffocating space and drank in the waning light of the sun along with the cool, refreshing air.
Them stretched his arms high in the air, enjoying the weather and refreshing scenery.
He realized with his pulse calming, that he was close to home, as the Crater of Resentment was just to the northwest of Trella. He murmured to himself. “Not sure how much I miss Trella, but I have to admit I missed the weather, though!”
It was warm south-east of Maribel, but not so warm that it was suffocating to Them. He enjoyed warm weather immensely, especially when it was offset by a cool breeze layered on top of it. With a deep breath, he drank in his surroundings. There was lots of flat, green land near Trella, and a few boulders and gravelly roads, explaining why the caravan jostled so much. Them let the rustling of leaves and the whistling of grass fill his ears. He enjoyed the plum sunset as well as it wrapped everyone in a calming, purplish color.
How does it feel to be so close to home? Pete asked.
Them looked at the sky, blinking tiredly. He had forgotten just how much he loved everything in Trella, except for the waifs themselves. 
“It feels wistful.” Them answered quietly.
It had been thirteen years since he had been banished from Trella, and since then, he had been wandering about purposelessly, searching for a purpose. 
Them smiled a forlorn smile. “You know something, Pete? I never imagined I would be banished like my parents were from Trella… I always hated them getting themselves banished and leaving me in a place full of people who hated me…”
Even though he was never treated well in the village of Trauscus, he always had a need to come home and visit it. It was incomparable, because that was where he was born. It was home. And yet, he hadn’t seen it since he had left it.
Them looked at Pete who was sitting on his shoulder. He said to his little friend, “You’re lucky, Pete. Wisps aren’t cursed with any parents or any set home. It must be nice to be born to wander!”
Pete smacked Them on the head. Don’t be stupid! You know the reason I wanted to bond with you was because life is so lonely for wisps! You mortals are lucky. You have a chance to bond with someone in the first moment you are born, but we wisps… Aren’t so lucky. We aren’t born like you are.
Them scratched his cheek with a little sheepish grin. “I suppose so… But, to be fair, since you wisps have no parents to speak of, at least you don’t end up like them. There’s something wonderful about the idea of living life without constantly thinking that you might be…”
Them’s voice choked a little. He couldn’t continue.
Mirroring the things your parents did? Pete finished for him.
Them nodded silently, stretching his legs. “Are you ever going to tell me why you picked me to bond to anyway, Pete?”
Pete shook his head. Nope. You can keep asking, though.
Them chuckled at that and then looked over at Taylor, who was partially obscured by the crowd of the other conscriptants a few yards away.
Looking at her always cheered him up.
She was talking to her oafish warrior-maiden friend. He felt an odd little pang of jealousy as the fairy girl stood on her tippy-toes, wrapping her arms around the old woman’s neck.
In a moment, however, Pollyanna shoved the girl away, eliciting giggles from the fairy girl. She noticed Them was staring at them and pranced over to him cheerfully.
“Is that jealousy I see on your face?” Taylor asked as her long, golden braid nearly got swept away in the wind. She squeaked in horror and examining her brai—picking out twigs, pollen, and other unwanted things from it.
Them chuckled, yanking her down to eye-level by her wrists. She did that fake squeal of hers, pretending she was offended by his directness.
He put a thumb in the dimple of her chin--holding her delicate face in his hands--and she waited for him to try for that third kiss with her eyes closed.
Them took the opportunity to affectionately tuck some of her golden tendrils behind her large ears. He found her to be intoxicatingly beautiful. He inched closer and closer to her face, feeling her soft breath on his own face. He ended up shoving her away the same way Pollyanna had, so he could beat her to the punch as he knew she had no intention of letting him kiss her. 
She tripped over a pebble and landed on her rump. She crossed her arms, yelling angrily “None of you are any fun today!”
Chapter Twelve: Blank Face
Pollyanna stretched her long arms and legs. She felt her muscles loosen. She smiled, sighing and feeling like she could finally relax after the horror that was the ball. She felt sticky and gross, and she hoped she could bathe soon.
She scolded herself for relaxing after a moment, however, because she remembered that she should not only be trying to drag Eory back out of Taylor, but she should also be probing Syria for information about the contract. She should be trying to figure out a way to get her charge safely out of this situation—or at the very least, preparing to protect him from the deadly doppelgangers who thrived within the Crater. The old woman was distracted, however, by the alien feelings of worry and longing worming their way into her heart. That was what made her heart skip a beat.
She kept thinking about how pleasant it felt to have Eory’s hand on her cheek. The hand seemed to be warm and caring, silken and sincere. She felt that unfamiliar, and yet familiar, churning and sick feeling in her stomach and wished it would go away. She thought of those compliments the fairy had thrust upon her at the ball—how he had said even the younger women paled in comparison to her beauty--and couldn’t help but feel flushed and weak at the memory. She chastised herself for falling for such cheesy lines, but coming from someone like Eory, she knew they weren’t lines at all.
No men, especially any young men, had given her such attention in a very long time. Older men might give her provocative looks, but that was as much as she had experienced in a long time.
“Hey oaf,” Pollyanna heard a voice say.
She turned around and saw the sassy Taylor with her hands planted on her hips. “What’s with the red cheeks?”
When Pollyanna didn’t answer, a melodramatic gasp escaped Taylor’s lips. “Don’t tell me! You have feelings for me! You’ll surely never make it to your human Paradise if you fantasize about a girl!”
Pollyanna truly disliked this personality that Eory’s mother had rightly smothered. She wanted the man back. “I’m not fantasizing about you, Eory. Time to stop fooling around and come back out. You don’t need to hide behind this ugly personality.”
Taylor pursed her lips, narrowing her eyes, and then a mischievous twinkle sparkled in her rosy eyes.
She wrapped her arms around Pollyanna’s neck, her feet dangling in the air due to Pollyanna’s height.
“Do you want me to kiss you? I could order you to if it’s too awkward for you to ask me for one.” She put on a solemn face—a heartachingly sincere and mopy one that Eory would make—and made her voice deeper--trying to fool Pollyanna into thinking she was him.
Pollyanna looked into Taylor’s eyes, nearly fooled by her act. The old woman’s large, blue eyes became glassy, she lifted a hand, cupping the fairy’s cheek with it. Taylor leaned her cheek into Pollyanna’s hand. The old woman's heart melted, and she could look no where else but into the fairy's eyes.
Pollyanna whispered, “Eory, is that you?”
Taylor nodded quietly.
Momentarily fooled, Pollyanna just looked into her eyes for a moment, warmth bubbling up inside her body.
But then Taylor’s facade melted away, as she bit back laughter with barely-contained amusement. Finally, she shrieked with laughter. “Goddesses! Are you truly in love with that wet blanket of a boy!”
Feeling foolish and taken advantage of, Pollyanna slammed her palm into Taylor’s chest, pushing her away. A momentary, sharp pain stabbed Pollyanna’s heart for shoving her master, but she recovered in a moment. Pollyanna watched the still-giggling Taylor prance over to the waif, Them, as if she hadn’t been shoved at all.
After that, with her old heart still pounding, she turned her attention to Syria, who was stoically watching all of the conscripted criminals stretch. 
Pollyanna approached the elfess, not knowing precisely what she was going to ask her. She started with, “Is it possible to see the contract?”
The elfess shook her head. “No. Once it has been signed, I can’t show it to you again. There is no way out.”
Pollyanna never liked regular, snooty elves, but Astral Elves--who shared the same common ancestry with regular elves--seemed to be elves on an entirely different level of blandness, self-righteousness, and snootiness. Pollyanna remembered long ago, when her hair was still as black as the night sky, meeting an Astral Elf. 
The Astral Elf who had rescued her was a handsome one; seven-feet-tall just like her, blue eyes, and a square jaw.
Pollyanna’s home village had been burning, and the Astral Elves had intervened as they tended to do in problems that were not their own. The handsome Astral Elf swept her up on his horse and they rode to safety.
The elf was logical, but emotionless; seemingly compassionate, but with no kind words. He put a strong hand on her shoulder when they were far from her village while she wept. He said, “No tears, girl. The world is unkind, and you should save your tears for when you truly realize just how unkind it can be.” Because the words were emotionless, they sounded cruel even though they were meant to be encouraging. It took her a long time, but Pollyanna had eventually taken those words to heart. She had come to love those words, but she hated the man they had come from. She hated anyone who was not passionate about living.
She thought much the same thing when she looked at Syria. A high and mighty, insincere woman who could not hide her belittling nature behind her seemingly vacant eyes.
“If there is no way out,” Pollyanna replied, “then tell me, now, how we are to kill these doppelgangers as safely as possible.”
“You will all be apprised and trained in the most efficient ways to kill the creatures. I know you, my lady, are already aware of what they are, considering your age, even if you don’t know how to kill them.” She said it in a monotone voice, but Pollyanna couldn’t help but think there was a hint of sarcasm buried deep beneath it.
She looked at the elfess’ perfectly soft, angelic skin and felt ashamed of her weathered, rough skin. She turned on her heel, murmuring to herself, “Yes, I know what they are. They are the mistake that you foolish Astral Elves are still paying for.”
The elfess was unphased by her insult, and she called to all of the conscripted criminals who were gathered around, “There is a clean stream nearby for you all to bathe in. If you would like to rinse off, now is your chance. I will give you fifteen minutes.”
Taylor jumped for joy, screaming, “I need a rinse!”
Chapter Thirteen: Francis’ Secret
Kori listened to her footsteps echo as her feet carried her down the castle’s grimy brick steps and into the castle dungeon. 
Her torchlight lit up things she would rather not see—like spiders spinning their webs and scorpions lurking on walls and corners. She heard ominous whistling echoing from one of the cells and saw that it was coming from Francis’ lips. She approached the elf hurriedly, kneeling in front of the bars—casting red firelight into his cell with her torch.
Francis looked her way and murmuring almost acceptingly, “Am I to be executed?”
Kori shook her head. “I confirmed with the king that what you’re saying is true. You will be set free on a few conditions.”
Francis, who had been leaning against the grimy wall listlessly, now leaned forward expectantly. “You ignorant vermin will truly let me go? I never thought you could ever be so enlightened.”
Kori rolled her eyes, ignoring the comment. Subtly, she poured calming magic out from the deep-set wrinkles in her weathered waif skin, soothing the elf—making him more amiable and receptive to suggestions.
“Yes, we will let you go on the condition that you return to your queen and tell her that you were never captured; more than that, you will tell her that we cannot pay the amount of gold she wants from us. Instead, we will negotiate a lower price.” Kori said in her calmest, most rational voice. She wrapped Francis in invisible tendrils of magic, making him more malleable to the suggestion.
Francis took a deep breath, his muscles relaxing as warm magic unknotted them. His hooded, deep-set eyes blinked slowly. He closed them for a moment; he answered her with a yawn, “I’m afraid that the queen will not barter on this, and I refuse to tell her any lies. She is our queen, and, as an elf, I will never cross or betray her.”
Kori sighed. She could feel that he could not be swayed.
Her palms were sweaty. She loved Maribel; it was her home. She wanted it to remain her home.
I’ll do anything to preserve it.
The waif gripped the bars, looking at the floor for a solid moment of silence.
Her mind was turning.
Kori looked at the man in front of her and remembered something he had said when he first met her. Something about not being proud of some of the things he had done. He was putting on airs right now and acting snooty like most elves tended to, but something about letting it slip that he was not proud of some of the things he had done made her think that perhaps he did not exactly fit in with the rest of the elves.
The waif replied, “Seeing as how you are merely a messenger and how you are not nearly as arrogant as other elves, I am assuming that you must not rank high when it comes to the queen’s favor.”
Francis’ hooded eyes widened at her audacity. “How dare you—”
“Yes, how dare I insult the woman who gives you busy work instead of real work to do for your kingdom. Don’t you want to be more than the queen’s messenger boy?” Kori retorted judgmentally.
Francis glared at her, whispering angrily, “You won’t be so confident when the queen has invaded your kingdom and you are made into slaves.”
Kori climbed to her feet, dusted off her dress, and said confidently, “I hear it’s very hard for elves to rise above their station, and I hear those with low stations are not treated fairly by the queen.”
Francis lowered his eyes sadly.
At seeing his face fall, Kori added, “Francis, what’s the point of being loyal to someone who doesn’t care for you?”
Francis said nothing. He merely stared forward.
An eternity seemed to pass between them.
“I won’t tell her that you captured me.” Francis finally said. “Please, just let me go.”
Kori thought he sounded and looked very sincere, and any airs he was putting on seemed to have been dropped, but she had no proof he wouldn’t tell his queen the truth. Finally, she said, “I’m going to go with you to make sure you say what we want you to say. I want to negotiate with the queen anyway, so I may as well. Will you promise to vouch for me and help me convince your queen to lower the monthly debt?”
Francis took a deep breath. “I will, but you, of course, can’t be sure of what I’ll do. You’d just have to trust me.”
Kori was backed into a corner. If they kept Francis captive, the queen had ground to wage war. If she let him go and proceeded with her plan, Francis might tell the queen that he was held captive and they might end up warring anyway. The only difference would be that Kori might be taken captive or killed if she went with her plan of seeing the queen.
It’s my best bet though. If it comes to war, we stand no chance. I will take measures to prevent that—no matter how slim the chance is.
Kori sighed, scratching her re hair. “Is there anyway you can promise me that you won’t betray me?”
Francis looked up at the ceiling and murmured, “I will give you a secret that could ruin me.”
Kori’s ears perked up and she waited.
Francis met her eyes. “I am not a man, nor am I a woman. I am something in between. There are many like me in Alanheim, and if you tell the queen, I will have to… Live among them.”
Kori shook her head in confusion. “I don’t understand.”
Francis rolled his eyes. “Do I have to say it? I am not like you! I have parts that belong to males and parts that belong to females!”
“But… You call yourself a man?” Kori was embarrassed, her cheeks red.
“I am closer to a man. People like me… We are merely toys to the royalty Alanheim, we serve no other purpose than to… Entertain them.” Francis explained.
Kori was silent, and immediately felt bad for the man, wishing she didn’t have to blackmail him, but it was the only way to save the kingdom. “You know… Maybe you should just live in Maribel with us. King Laurence is a fair ruler and—”
“No!” Francis yelled. “No… There is no shame greater to an elf than living among people who are not his own. Please, Redeemer. I will do as you ask, I promise. I will even tell the queen that you are of good character, so she will be more willing to lower your monthly debt. I will write her a missive ahead of time telling her that I am bringing you as a guest…”
Kori wished she could convince him to stay. She didn’t wish his fate on anyone. She nodded. “Very well. I will tell Laurence what we plan to do.”
Chapter Fourteen: A Radical Dreamer
What is it you want to do with your life, Eory? Kori’s voice seemed to echo in his mind as he sunk deeper and deeper into the shadows of Taylor’s sub-conscious.
He lay on his belly amid black surroundings, his cheek pressed to the floor, his eyes closed. His eyes were closed, but, at hearing Kori’s soothing voice, he opened his eyes, seeing a much younger version of himself sitting on the waif’s lap while she brushed his hair.
Young Eory’s legs wiggled restlessly as he exclaimed with a wide grin, “I want to be an artist! I’ve always wanted to cast the Arrozan name aside to become one!”
Kori was delighted about him saying that. She whispered sincerely, “If that’s what you want to do, then do it. No looking back.”
And Eory watched his younger self leap from Kori’s lap, drawing various things on the black floor. Like he was a ghost, young Eory seemed to keep disappearing and reappearing all around the dark room with new pictures popping up along with him, until both the walls and floor were covered in them.
Most of them were pictures of Gershom, his old dog, Kori, and himself. There were a few of his biological parents; as it was before Eory knew better.
The adult Eory pulled himself to a sitting position, his heartbeat slowing as he watched his younger self appear dance around the room with unprecise strokes of the pen dotting the black floor and walls.
Gentle, happy tears rolled down Eory’s cheeks as he spotted a picture of his younger self and Kori holding hands on the floor. He ran a finger across it gently, then returned his attention to his younger self. He was drawing a mural-sized picture of himself looking out a window at stars. Kori appeared beside him and she whistled with how impressed she was by the drawing.
Kori took the pen from Eory, adding in big, prim, clean letters in a script befitting of her underneath the picture:
Dreamer
And time continued to pass before Eory’s eyes.
The pictures had slowly gone from happy and hopeful to lonely and miserable.
He was now watching himself as an adolescent. His strokes were no longer happy, unprecise, and carefree.
They were rigid, purposeful, and expressive.
Yes, every line was meant to express something he wasn’t able to--to Kori, himself, or the entire world which had him pegged as an evil Arrozan. He drew himself shouting at the top of his lungs--his teeth bared in an ugly grimace--furious lines spreading from his cheeks to his chin, his eyes were narrowed, scrunched up. They looked like a wild dog’s when it was threatened. He had drawn himself with his face in the light and his body in shadow. His fingers were stylistically drawn and contorted like a monster’s, clawing toward the light.
Others expressed loneliness and sadness. Some had Eory hugging his knees on a starkly drawn background, others were of his brother and parents without heads—ones he would never show Kori. He wanted to be heard so badly. He wanted to scream at the top of his lungs that he was a good person, undeserving of being a lifelong prisoner. He wanted to show the world he was capable of making beautiful things.
He watched his younger self place a hand on the picture he had drawn. He was thoughtful, and his eyes searching.
The only pictures he showed Kori were the happy ones… And all of those happened to be of Pollyanna.
He fixated on her.
Eory found every inch of her to be beautiful, and couldn’t understand his own intense feelings for her. From her large, icy blue eyes to her untamed mane, to her worldly and very pragmatic wrinkles, she was inexplicably addicting to draw. There was something about the fact that she wasn’t a perfect beauty that made her such a fascinating subject.
He had drawn a few artistic nudes of her to practice female anatomy—and promptly tore them to shreds and threw them out right after he was done.
As if you would know what to do with a naked woman. Taylor would often snicker in his head when he drew such things.
And as time went on, he no longer drew anyone but Pollyanna. All his inspiration seemed to be lost when he came to the realization that he would never be able to share his work with the world, and so he committed himself to drawing the thing that gave him peace.
He had buried his desire of being free deep down and had become a prisoner—not only of the tower, but of his own body.
He could bite his arm as much as he wished, praying that if he let enough blood out, that the evilness coursing through it would be let out, too, and he could be freed form his body.
Younger Eory gnawed his arm, staring at the mural. “What’s the point in trying?”
He watched his younger self tear up the mural which said, Dreamer.
Chapter Fifteen: One For Taylors
Them, Pollyanna, and Taylor followed Syria to the nearby stream. It was very calm, and deep enough to submerge the group of conscripted criminals up to their necks. Them was happy to see it was almost crystal clear. He had had to bathe in dirty streams before, and it was incredibly uncomfortable. Wild flowers bloomed on either side of it to make, making it look picturesque in the lovely, plumb sunset.
All of the passengers on the caravan wanted to rinse off, so most of them slowly and reluctantly began disrobing, gingerly hiding things they didn’t want to be seen.
Them couldn’t help but keep glancing at Taylor as she disrobed.
The shameless girl was humming nonchalantly, and was the only one who seemingly didn’t mind being naked in front of everyone else. Even the fearless warrior-maiden, Pollyanna, seemed incredibly nervous about disrobing.
Them lifted his shirt as quickly as he could over his head so he wouldn’t miss seeing an inch of Taylor’s flesh.
Pete, who did not need to bathe, merely stuck by his waif friend, making a face at his friend as Them shamelessly leered at the nearby fairy.
Her top was what he expected, and he got a good look at it until Pollyanna caught him looking and shot the deadliest glare at him he had ever seen. He quickly turned his gaze away, then, and concentrated on removing the rest of his own clothes.
Once he was done, he looked back at Taylor briefly and his cheeks went beet red when he saw that her lower parts did not match her top parts. He was absolutely stunned by this discovery.
Taylor continued humming, hopping into the stream without a care in the world.
Pete clapped a hand to his mouth, biting back a laugh made of chimes.
Them watched with his mouth agape, and then he murmured to Pete, “Don’t you say a word.”
Taylor dipped a toe into the water and squealed a little. “It’s cold! But… I must wash this grime off!”
The fairy slowly submerged herself into the stream up to her chin, shrieking melodramatically every inch of the way. Them was still staring, slack-jawed at the girl who might not have been a girl the whole time.
Pollyanna, the supposedly fearless warrior-maiden, made a mad dash to the stream—hoping nobody saw anything--and jumped in beside Taylor. She protectively watched over her while the younger woman sang something under her breath, splashing the water cheerfully.
In a moment, Them took a deep breath and joined Taylor in the water. He whispered to her a little urgently, “Um, I thought you were a woman?”
Taylor rubbed the water onto her white arms and replied without looking at him, “I am a woman. Are you blind?”
“Well, no. That’s kind of the problem. Your top is… But your bottom—” Them spluttered.
Pollyanna pushed her charge to the side, glowering at the waif. “Did I give you permission to talk to him?”
“Him? So he is a man?” Them asked.
Them recognized the look of fury manifesting on Taylor’s face. It wouldn’t be pretty, and he realized he’d better shut up. Taylor commanded Pollyanna, “Back! Back you dog! I order you to let me talk to Them for three minutes alone!”
Pollyanna was about to sharply protest, but Taylor shook her head. Pain was piercing her heart every second she disobeyed, and so Pollyanna reluctantly swam a few paces away and gave the waif and fairy some space.
Taylor said with a smug smile, “Of course I am a woman.”
“But I saw—” Them began.
“You know something? Eory thought that everyone had a body like this. I must admit, I feel… somewhat disoriented about it, too--only because it must be partly his own confusion that that his body was different the whole time.” Taylor murmured to herself. “Regardless, my body will adjust to my mind soon enough.”
Them shook his head. “I don’t understand… Are you saying you’ll be… Fully a female soon?”
Taylor pouted. “I already am! It’s just that that wretched Eory took my body for so long that my body got caught between male and female parts.”
Them looked at the anguished look on Taylor’s face and could tell how much she was bothered by having to explain this. He cleared his throat with a smile and said, “Is this a fairy thing? Can they change sexes whenever they want?”
-Taylor crossed her arms and submerged herself up to her eyes, were narrowed in anger. She blew out a breath and it expelled as bubbles on the water. In a moment, she rose enough from the water to speak, “It is a fairy thing. If a fairy’s sex doesn’t get solidified early on, then the fairy gets stuck between the two sexes. I started out as a girl, but then mother decided she’d rather have a boy when I turned six, and I spent the next twelve years as that wet blanket, Eory. He certainly didn’t act like a man, however, so I never completely went away as mother wanted me to.”
Them scratched his head. “And Eory is your male self? That’s why you didn’t recognize me earlier?”
“No. Eory may as well be a completely different person. We just share the same body.” Taylor finished explaining.
Them’s cheeks were still beet red from the fact that he had kissed Taylor not once, but twice, on the dream plains, and had no idea what she was hiding underneath her clothes.
He said angrily, “You might have told me you didn’t—I mean, that your body didn’t match your head!”
Taylor looked deathly offended for a moment, but then she giggled. She swum closer to him, popped out of the water, and hung her arms over his shoulders. “Would it have really have made a difference?”
Them looked at her lovely face—now clean and fresh from the water—and an unintentional grin spread from ear-to-ear. He was dazed from how close she was.
Them shrugged. “I don’t think so. But other men might care; you ought to be careful.”
And she started playing the game with him that he loved playing with her. She pleaded with an exaggerated furrow of her brow and an overdramatic pulling of her lips, “You’ll protect me, won’t you?”
He indulged her, and, eagerly wrapped his own arms around her waist. “Of course, my darling, stay close and—”
“You two.” The Astral Elf, Syria, cut into their conversation. “What are you doing? Separate immediately.”
Taylor shoved Them away with a shriek and said, “He is a beast! He’s the one who grabbed me and made eyes at me!”
Nobody bought it—least of all Syria--and Them merely chuckled and watched her wade away from him through the water.
Them leaned his arms on the bank next to the stream and Pete eyed him curiously. I didn’t think you were one for boys.
Them shrugged. “I’m one for Taylors, and I’m going to get that third kiss from her. She’s not really a boy, anyway.”
Pete shook his head and rolled his eyes. He didn’t understand this game his friend liked to play with Taylor.
Chapter Sixteen: Possession
After bathing, everyone clambered back into the caravan. Pollyanna was glad to be out of the water and back in her clothes. She was paranoid that everyone in the caravan had been looking at her scarred and wrinkled body while she bathed, and it upset her greatly.
Pollyanna sat across from the waif, Them, who she gave dagger eyes. Taylor, who followed after the waif and old woman, stood in the space between them for a moment as she debated where to sit.
Pollyanna patted the empty space next to her, and Them patted the empty space next to him.
Taylor took immense pleasure in the attention, and she acted very coy for a moment, swaying her hips and shoulders to the side, her hands clasped behind her back.
“Which of you loves me more?” Taylor wondered dramatically.
“I do, fair maiden! Come sit by me!” Them prompted her with his hands outstretched. “There is no lily prettier than you!”
Taylor giggled at that, and made to sit by him, but then she glanced at Pollyanna, who was examining her nails nonchalantly.
She doesn’t adore me as she should! That must change! Taylor marched Pollyanna’s way and plopped down on the woman’s lap without her permission. She said to Them, “You are far too eager, Sir Knight! I like to be chased!”
Them chuckled at that, turning his attention to his friend, Pete, who tapped his shoulder and whispered something in his ear.
Pollyanna crossed her arms and couldn’t believe the audacity of the fairy girl.
Certainly she liked the fairy’s physical and mental parts that belonged to Eory, but she didn’t like anything that belonged to Taylor.
She fought every instinct to tell the girl to get off.
But then, Pollyana fell deep into thought.
She realized she could use the girl’s flirtatious nature to her advantage. She was always begging for Them’s attention and begging him to kiss her only to pull away. Perhaps she should do the same to Taylor.
She hadn’t flirted in so long, however, that her heart was beating enormously quickly from the thought of it. Especially since it brought her to much pain “You speak of enjoying the chase and yet you sit on my lap without permission? I didn’t ask for your company, and yet you are thrusting it upon me, an innocent flower?”
Taylor, who enjoyed playing flirtatious games of any kind, exclaimed, “You are anything but innocent! I see you making eyes at me, fair maiden! I see how much you crave my attention—but then shy away… Away…”
Taylor blinked twice.
She’s beautiful. Is it wrong to still want her?
The man’s thoughts overrode Taylor’s, and the fairy girl felt her fingers reach out and brush Pollyanna’s cheeks without her permission.
Everyone in the caravan was enjoying the show they were putting on, watching them with riveted eyes.
Pollyanna’s heart was skipping beats. She had no place else to look but Taylor’s eyes, and she enjoyed a touch that she felt had to be Eory’s. A touch that made her feel like she was eighteen-years-old again; a touch that made her feel like a glass doll.
A growl escaped from the fairy’s mouth that Pollyanna felt could not have belonged to Eory. Taylor’s lips met Pollyanna’s. Taylor tried to kiss the warrior-maiden aggressively at first—with her fingers digging into the back of Pollyanna’s neck—not allowing Pollyanna to breathe.
She kissed her the way Fjorn used to.
Pollyanna felt extremely vulnerable, whimpering in fear between kisses. She pasted herself against the seat—trying to move away from Taylor’s lips to no avail.
Them must have seen how uncomfortable Pollyanna was, because he was yelling Taylor's name and half-heartedly telling her to stop being such a trollop. Pollyanna’s mind was too muffled with terror to hear any of it, however.
Her heart was being pierced with each moment she let Taylor kiss her.
But suddenly, there was a change in Taylor. Her fingers, which had been digging into the back of Pollyanna’s neck, softened and loosened. Her ivory hand moved from the back of Pollyanna’s neck to her cheek. Her thumb was in front of the old woman’s ear and the rest of her fingers behind it. Pollyanna looked into Taylor’s eyes again, and this time, she didn’t feel like a literal object of her affection. She felt like the moon, the stars, and the sun only existed because she did under the worshipful gaze which she knew belonged to Eory and not Taylor.
Everyone around them was no longer being subtle about what they were talking about; some of them were even laughing heartily at the unconventional situation—or egging them on.
Eory said not a word, and Pollyanna was enthralled by his gaze. She impulsively brought her face closer to Eory’s, intending to kiss him, but he gently pushed her back. His eyes turned glassy. He cupped both her cheeks in his hands. Pollyanna found it hard to breathe under his intense stare.
In a moment he said under his breath, with reluctance, “You’re a monster.”
And then his face changed, and she knew Taylor was back in control by her exaggerated expression. The woman climbed off Pollyanna’s lap and sat next to her instead.
“It’s no fun to chase,” Taylor murmured as she linked her arm in Pollyanna’s and leaned her head against her shoulder. “That’s a man’s job.”
Pollyanna stared forward unblinkingly and wouldn’t allow herself to cry.
Why do I care what anyone thinks? She thought to herself. I got what I wanted!
__
In forty minutes, Syria called back to everyone in the caravan, “We’re almost to the Crater. If you’d like, you may peak out of the caravan to get a good view of it. It will be your home for the rest of your lives, after all.”
Pollyanna stood up with her back hunched so her head wouldn’t hit the ceiling. She opened the door of the bumpy caravan, leaning her torso out of the vehicle.
She saw it in the distance; a mighty fortress made of iron settled in the middle of the Crater of Resentment—its menacing, jagged spires shooting high into the sky--a sky eternally painted a noxious red hanging above it. The Crater itself was a barren wasteland spanning a length that would constitute three large villages. It was a deep chasm—many feet deeper than the surrounding greenlands encircling it. On the greenlands surrounding the Crater was a glassy shield made of Astral Elf magic, enclosing the toxic land within it.
For now, Pollyanna and everyone else in the caravan were in the gentle blue shade of night, but soon enough, they would be driving into the sickening red lighting around the Crater.
The other criminals wanted a turn looking at the Crater, and were yelling at Pollyanna to get out of the way, and so Pollyanna retreated back inside and sat back down next to the sleeping Taylor.
__
Syria stopped the caravan inches in front of the caravan surrounding it, and then climbed out. The criminals followed, hopping out of the caravan and watching her as she traced a finger along the glassy shield, chanting something under her breath. Syria traced a door large enough for the caravan to pass through, which glowed a solid white for a moment. It made the sound of sizzling fire before the glass broke and the recruits were able to pass through. Everyone then piled back into the caravan and Syria finished closing the rest of the space between the criminals and their new prison.
Chapter Seventeen: Like No One Else Could
On the way to the fortress, the caravan was joined by one-hundred soldiers, defending it from the shadowy doppelgangers springing up consistently from the Crater. The conscriptants inside the caravan were worried by the clang of steel-on-steel outside, but Syria told them all would be well, and not to peer outside the caravan.
Once the doppelgangers were cleared, the caravan trundled on until it arrived at the fortress in the middle of the Crater. The portcullis was opened by two watch guards on the inside of the structure, and Taylor, Pollyanna, and Them, were greeted to a very dark, torchlit foyer. There were two paths forking to the left and right, and a staircase in front of them.
Syria said in her ineffectual, uncaring way, “I suggest you all have something to eat, take your baths, and then go right to bed. You will be woken up at sunrise from now on. Our steward and primary shift captain, Maruka, will show you to the dining room.”
There was a young, human man standing next to the staircase who was dressed in heavy, fine, black robes and was just about the handsomest man Pollyanna had ever seen, which was a high compliment, because the Arrozans in her eyes tended to be nothing but eye candy and she had spent most of her long life around them.
Maruka had jet black hair over a very stark, white face that complimented the black hair nicely. His features were otherwise human and incomparably lovely, but Pollyanna had no attraction toward him.
The only person she had ever had a fiery attraction toward was Fjorn--and one other man who she tried not to remember--and he was long dead. 
Maruka nervously said, “I-I’ll show you all to the mess hall, then.” Maruka seemed to walk bone-achingly slow as he trudged down the, somber, sparsely lit hallway to the left.
Pollyanna could feel the despair within all of the criminals as they reluctantly followed Maruka.
Even the boisterous Taylor was quiet.
The fortress was just so… Dark and eerie. There were no decorations, no noise, no color, no joy. Just black iron. It was truly beginning to settle upon the group that this dank, dark, and somber place was to be their future home.
Pollyanna assured herself, however, I will get us out here Eory. I promise. Somehow, some way, I will make you safe and happy.
Their footsteps seemed to echo ominously as they went, and the heavy breathing of the dwarves in the group could especially be heard markedly.
Maruka turned down an open arch on his right down the hall, and the new recruits were greeted to an empty, cold and iron dining hall which had food already laid out on the table for the newest recruits.
The room was not warm and friendly like the tables were at Castle Maribel--with the lavish tapestries decorating the wall, the pricey rug laid out under the tables, and the finely embroidered tablecloths laid out across each of the tables.
Everything was bare; from the walls to the cheaply made, wooden tables, and the cold, iron floor.
Pollyanna sat down at the table situated in the middle of the room, and Taylor, looking insecure, wasn’t sure where she wanted to sit. Them and Pete sat across from Pollyanna, and Them smiled and waved her over.
Taylor chomped her arm nervously and approached Them nervously.
Pollyanna had her eyes glued to the young woman, and thought she was acting very much like Eory—very nervous and self-conscious, but she knew when she sat and started flirting with Them that she couldn’t be Eory.
Pollyanna stared at her food, arms folded on the table.
“Y-you should eat…” Maruka, who had sat next to her, prompted her. Pollyanna breathed deeply, and then picked up a fork, picking at her food.
She had no appetite.
She looked up and saw Taylor playing with her food, Them chuckling heartily at how creative she could be. The fairy girl pretended that the biscuit on her plate was a dragon, and the noodles were quicksand, and that the dragon was slowly sinking into the quicksand. Pollyanna frowned deeply. She knew Eory was quite creative, too, and it made her miss him all-the-more.
I’m losing him… She thought to herself.
__
Maruka led everyone to their baths and their sleeping quarters--located on the third floor--after they ate. Pollyanna’s already short fuse became even shorter when she realized they were all expected to bathe together in the same room.
She turned to Maruka, seizing his collar. “I want a private bath. Get me a private bath!”
Maruka looked at her coldly, unphased by her anger and strength. “There are no private baths. You’re expected to bathe together. Those are the rules.”
Pollyanna ruthlessly enclosed a frustrated hand closer about the young man’s neck. “You should change the rules, then…”
She felt a sense of power and control return to her life that invigorated her. She was ready to squeeze the life out of the man, despite most of the criminals fiercely protesting.
But the only thing that stopped her was looking over at Taylor. The girl was not begging her to stop like Them was, nor was she in the crowd of people who attempted to tear her away from Maruka. She was merely watching Pollyanna a few paces away with disappointed and unblinking eyes.
Those were not her eyes, however, they were Eory’s.
Pollyanna gasped, releasing Maruka, who was on all-fours and clawing for breath. Maruka climbed to his feet in a moment and dusted himself off. He said nothing. He merely tsked and shook his head disappointedly at Pollyanna.
Pollyanna shouldered the crowd aside and marched to the nearest bath.
The crowd quickly dispersed and returned to the task at hand--bathing--once Pollyanna had dropped Maruka. While everyone was preoccupied with disrobing, she disrobed, too, and quickly hopped in the bath, hoping no one had seen anything.
__
She was expected to go to bed after that, and so she did. Her quarters were right across from Taylor’s, and Pollyanna begged and pleaded to sleep on the floor in her room to make sure nobody would hurt the fairy, but Taylor, being her usual self, refused. She giggled and said, “A predatory monster like you? In my room? I don’t think so! Besides, I’m not like that fool, Eory. I can actually defend myself.”
And then the young woman slammed her door in her face.
Pollyanna stood in front of her own door for a moment, lost in thought, and then went inside.
They were rather bare quarters. Just a bed pushed up against the left side of the wall and a desk pushed up against the upper-right corner.
Pollyanna was happy to have had a proper bath and to have had a fresh change of clothes, at least. The servants in the fortress had laid out a clean nightgown for her after she had bathed and laid out her uniform for tomorrow--a uniform all the recruits were required to wear.
She slid the nightgown on over her head. It felt soft and gentle on her skin.
She sat down, cross-legged on her bed. She looked both ways, paranoid that someone might see her acting sentimental, and then retrieved the picture Eory had drawn of her from the pocket of her shredded, discarded dress from the ball lying on the floor.
She thought back to his room with pictures of herself scattered about everywhere, and thought about how most of the pictures he had drawn were of her looking heroic, dynamic, undefeatable, and noble.
It was such an unrealistic, and yet intoxicating portrayal of who Eory wanted her to be.
He was absolutely obsessed, and it made her stomach churn.
But there were other, far less common pictures he had drawn of her, and it was one of these she had taken from his room and kept with her all this time. It was an incredibly stark drawing of her with a heavy and thoughtful frown settled on her wrinkled face, looking up at a starry night sky with her legs pulled up to her chest.
She looked frightened and lost in the picture; vulnerable, and confused.
Pollyanna didn’t know why she decided to pocket this picture over the others. The others had romanticized her so much, and yet, Eory, deep down… Perhaps saw who she really was, when she, herself, could not accept who she was.
She collapsed backward on her bed with her arms outstretched, grunting.
Yes…
Her nightgown was white, and felt soft and gentle on her skin.
Just like…
Just like…
She could feel herself—the most powerful and feared warrior in all the land—being brought to her knees before Eory’s sweet gaze and his velveteen hands on her face. She could see him so clearly, and she wanted him and missed him in such a way that it hurt. Eory offered her his hands, and she took them. He pulled her to her feet, but it was no longer Eory she was looking at. She was looking into the eyes of the man who had made her a fierce warrior, Fjorn.
“Come with me, and you will burn in the way you’ve always wanted to. You will burn so brightly that you will set the world aflame!” Fjorn enticed her and made her feel incomparably wanted.
-Chapter Eighteen: A Magical Thing
Earlier, while Pollyanna was lost in her thought at dinner, Them had his own conversation with Taylor.
“So, Taylor…” Them began, but she suddenly began playing with her food which made him clap a hand to his mouth to contain his laughter.
She shoved her biscuit into her noodles, pretending it was a creature drowning “Help me! Help me! I’m drowning!”
Them commented, “You certainly are creative with your food…”
Taylor exclaimed cheerfully, “Hh yes! I’ve always been creative! You should have seen me when I was locked up! The guards would reveal the door in my wall and slide food under it and then I would play with… I mean… Eory would…”
Taylor went silent, then, clutching her head.
Them could see she was having a crisis. He put a comforting hand on her shoulder. “Hey, are you alright?”
Taylor took a shuddering breath and then shrugged. “I’m fine, you fool. Just a little dizzy.”
Them leaned his cheek on his hand. “Well, you should eat something.”
The fairy girl slumped down in her chair. In a moment, she gnawed her arm instead of her gnawing her food.
Them nudged her. He recognized the nervous tick she had and tried to get her to stop. “Hey, you should eat your food, not yourself.”
She had such a look on her face that Them was afraid she would snap as she was prone to do and become unruly and wild. Them never knew what she would do when she became like that. Sometimes she would stamp her foot, and sometimes she would pinch him or smack him.
But this time, she obeyed and ate her food instead of playing with it. Once she swallowed her last fork-full of noodles, she asked, “Shall I meet you on the dream plains tonight?”
Them looked at her dreamily and nearly said yes, but instead he said, “I’m sorry, I should let you get as much sleep as possible…”
Taylor slammed her fists on the table. “Fine! I didn’t want to see you tonight, anyway! I don’t want to see anyone tonight!”
Them blinked wildly, unable to tell whether there was something wrong with her or whether she was just being her usual self.
He thought there must be something wrong. This kind of craziness was different from her usual kind.
__
Them crawled into bed that night next to Pete. He was glad that their elven overseers didn’t mind them sharing a room. However, his mind was stuck on past events, and he had much trouble getting to sleep. He lay curled up on his side, breathing evenly, for a time. And when he couldn’t sleep, he  rolled over onto his back and stared, unblinkingly, at the ceiling.
He turned his head to look at the sleeping Pete next to him and thought to himself, you’re supposed to get me on the right path… We met at such a young age, but I’ve never felt like I was on the right path. That’s why I ended up here...
Them had spent all of his twenty-eight years trying to find his purpose--hoping that Pete would help him to do so--but he still hadn’t found it. He still felt empty and gray.
He had been many things in his life; a thief, a scribe, a craftsman, a cook, a cleaner, a tailor, but he was not particularly great at any of them, and they didn’t make him burn the way he thought a breathing creature was meant to burn on a day-to-day basis.
There was only one thing that seemed to do that, and it was women.
Life was so unenthusiastic to him that he felt the need to take his pleasures where he may. He fell in love as much as possible, because it was the only thing that made him burn with the passion he had been searching for his entire life. He liked women of all species, he liked them of all shapes and sizes—he couldn’t get them out of his head once they had winked at him, or touched him suggestively, or laughed more than necessary at one of his jokes.
-Back in Trella, when he was a younger, there was one such woman.
He was fifteen, and she was eighteen. She was married with a baby on the way. And, like all waif women, she was not allowed to be out on her own--a man was required to be with her at all times.
Them was good friends with her husband. Her husband, Telkiern, was Them’s tutor in woodcrafting—but the man was oftentimes too busy to be there when his wife needed to go out.
But Them wasn’t, and Telkiern asked him to be there for his wife when he couldn’t be.
Them rolled onto his side again.
Just thinking about the woman made his cheeks and forehead feel hot. And yet, here he was, thirsting for another woman whose intentions toward him were certainly not admirable, and were probably far more nefarious than Sela’s--the pregnant woman he had loved back in Trella.  He knew he wasn’t really in love with Taylor. Just like he wasn’t in love with any other woman he had ever pined for, it just felt like he was in love because desire was overriding his common sense.
Them loved the chase, and Taylor loved being chased, and the chase was addictingly passionate. Them couldn’t get their first meeting out of his head. It was so special; so intoxicatingly romantic. It felt like some silly fairy tale come to life.
When Them first met her on the dream plains, he had been working as an assistant to a Gamayunian alchemist named Pietro. The Gamayunian kingdom of Maaris was far to the northeast—hundreds of miles away from Trella--and Them decided to go there for the same reasons he always decided to go to far off places.
He was looking for adventure, for romance, for intrigue--for that reason to burn with passion.
Them arrived in freezing Gamayunian lands wearing a heavy cloak, fur boots, and fur gloves and traversed the dangerous and rocky land carefully.
Wearing a heavy cloak and fur gloves and boots, he had ascended the rocky, dangerous, freezing mountains of Maaris carefully. When he had reached the top, he had traveled through swirling snow until he came upon a ramshackle Gamayunian village where Pietro kindly promised him food, a roof over his head, and a little money if he and Pete cleaned up his alchemy lab for him and assisted him with building any new-fangled machine he wished.
The old snow bird, Pietro, who Them had worked for, specialized in magical knowledge. Like most Gamayuns, he thought magic was a blight on the world and he tirelessly looked for ways to combat it through science.
He had created a little metallic machine—a little box shaped thing that Them could hold in his two hands—that would whir wildly when it was near a creature who had magic coursing through their veins.
It had whirred uncontrollably when Pete was near because the wisp was practically made of magic, but, when the wisp left Pietro’s hut, it still whirred gently.
“Something made of magic is still nearby…” Pietro had said, hopping around on his bird legs and throwing his human head left and right—trying to find the culprit.
Eventually, the human-headed bird had stopped in front of Them, examining him closely with his eyes narrowed. “It’s you! You lied to me! You said you didn’t have magic!”
Them scratched his head. “I don’t have any magic… Believe me, I’ve tried to conjure some over and over, but it never works…”
Pietro had lifted a feathery hand and stroking his chin. “Well, I’m not a master of using it. I’m only a master of dispelling it. Perhaps you should get your magical friend to help you conjure some.”
Them had found the old buzzard confusing, and he had asked, “You don’t like magic, and yet you want me to awaken magic within me?”
Pietro had shrugged and as he dug through a pile of metallic junk and machinery, he said, “Well, it isn’t as if I want to rip it violently away from people who already have it. I just want to be able to counter it when it gets out of hand!”
Them left the buzzard to his devices, and then went to find Pete who was out gathering wood as Pietro had bid him.
Them wrapped a blanket closely about his shoulders, calling through the blustering snow, “Pete! Pete! Where are you?”
Snow swirled in his eyes, flying up his nose and freezing him to his core.
He kept an eye out for the bright light that was Pete in the pine forest down below.
Eventually, Them saw a light in the distance emerging from the woods, and Pete returned carrying a big stack of wood with his ethereal magic. I heard you call. What do you want?
“Well, Pietro just informed me that I have a little bit of magic buried deep down. Can you help draw it out?” Them asked curiously.
Pete was silent for a moment, and then he replied, I can’t sense it, but I’ll try to help you draw it out again. Pete had been trying for years and years, on again and off again, to help Them conjure magic, with no success.
Maybe Pietro can help us, too.
Finally, thinking of the peace and quiet of the snowy kingdom of Maaris helped Them drift off to sleep.

Chapter Nineteen: An Empty Field
Taylor sat on the dream plains alone that night. She was hoping Them would join her, despite the fact that he had flat out told her that he wouldn’t be.
She waited for him, cross-legged, in a patch of wild flowers under a crystal clear, beautiful blue sky--a place far too beautiful to exist in the real world, and a place that could only exist within an idealistic girls’ mind.
Her shoulders slumped, disappointed that he didn’t come.
 She stood up, realizing it was silly to wait for a man who said he wasn’t coming. She dusted the pollen and other debris of nature off her improper, short dress, and ran through the fields.
Perhaps if I run, I’ll find a different man.
As she ran, Taylor tweaked the dream plains more to her liking with her mind. The patch of flowers became a field of flowers that were too tall and vivid to exist in reality. Her senses were dazzled and delighted by the burst of radiant colors of the roses, lilies, tulips, and wild flowers she passed by. 
She ran.
She ran.
And she kept on running.
Until she finally realized she would run into no one, and she stopped running in the midst of a shower of vibrant butterflies. There was not a sound but for the chirping of unseen birds. She would have found it peaceful were she not so frustrated. She panted, her forehead wrinkled in consternation.
She wiped the sweat from her brow, slamming a heeled foot into a flower and yelling at the top of her lungs, “Why should I even want to run into another man! I have all this space to myself now!” Taylor, while she had been resting within Eory’s subconscious, had become a simple woman of simple desires.
She wanted her throne in Maribel back, she wanted to be treated like the queen she was, and she wanted dozens of men and women to dangle while she ruled, even though she wouldn’t exactly know what to do with them. She was just now realizing, however, that unless she and Pollyanna found a way out of the contract they had signed—found a way out of the Crater, that she would never have those things. It greatly upset her, and set her to denying that she wanted a man in her life.
She growled and groaned, yelling, “This is all your fault, Eory! Why do you wish to die! Why did you sign our future away to those prissy Astral Elves?”
At his name being called, Eory phased into existence on the dream plains. He sat with his legs outstretched in front of him, smirking. “Let me ask you something instead. Why are you in here pining for that waif’s attention? You wouldn’t even know what to do with a naked man.”
She clenched her fists. “You’d best not test me. Where is this new-found sarcasm and confidence coming from?”
Eory snorted as he pulled one of his legs up to his chest. “Confidence… Yeah right. You’re basically just me, and I have no trouble making fun of myself--that’s why I won’t spare your feelings. You’re probably just lonely. I know you must be, since we share a body and I feel so lonely… Why don’t you just tell him you want him?”
“Because I don’t! I don’t want or need anyone but myself! Now get out of here!” Taylor scooped up a clump of dirt and threw it full force at Eory.
He evaporated before it hit.
Taylor pushed her disheveled bangs back and panted, “That’s right! And don’t come back!”
She felt her strenuous grasp on her already meager self-restraint leave her entirely. Disgust came far easier to her than it did to Eory. She screamed at the top of her lungs, stamped her feet, and shouted,
“Disgust!”
“Disgust!”
“Disgust!”
Black magic burst out of her hand, swallowing her surroundings until there was nothing left but barren earth, black smoke sizzling up from it.
She started running again acrossthe newly scorched earth.
Until…
Someone seized her wrist and spun her around.
Only, they didn’t really. She was just reliving a moment she had already experienced.
A small, but strong, blue hand was enclosed around her wrist. Them asked, “Excuse me, beautiful, do you know where I am? I think I’m on the dream plains, but…”
She screamed. “Release me, you cad! Don’t ever touch me without my permission!”
Them seemed impossibly charmed by her, and he let out a hearty laugh. He used his free hand to assist in holding her wrist. “Hold on, fair maiden. I mean you no harm. I’m sincerely lost.”
Taylor’s heart was beating madly.
Here was a man. A real man made out of flesh and blood who truly existed somewhere out in the world. She was trapped inside Eory, who was in turn trapped inside a tower, and she knew nobody else made out of flesh and blood but that detestable Kori who had locked she and Eory away. Taylor felt flustered merely by the sight of a real man.
“I don’t care if you’re lost! Leave me alone, you wrinkly prune!” And Taylor ran away with her cheeks feeling hot and her stomach full of butterflies.
“Wait! Don’t go! Is something the matter?” Them asked as he chased after her.
She ran, and he pursued.
Eventually, she ran out of energy and had to stop running. Them caught up to her and asked her kindly, “Are you lost, too? Maybe I can help you find a way out, too.”
Taylor didn’t know why, but his words made her eyes sting with tears. Nobody can help us…
Taylor turned his way, replying, “You’re in my private, dreamy paradise! Get out!” Them looked at her cluelessly, reaching for her with a hand--but before he could touch her, she shrieked, “Get out!” She slapped him hard across the face, panting with exhaustion.
She thought she would scare him away—she thought he would bolt once he saw how nasty she was, but he didn’t move a muscle.
Them planted his hands on his hips and merely said, “Well, I would love to get out, but I honestly don’t know how. Can you help me?”
Taylor looked him in the eyes, then, with her mouth in the shape of a surprised o. “Can I… Help you?”
Them nodded confusedly.
Nobody had ever asked her that before. Deep down, she thought to herself, I… Can help someone?
Taylor’s heartbeat seemed to slow, her body stopped shaking.
Suddenly, it felt like she was meant to meet this waif right here, right now. She thought she was going to live alone in Eory’s subconscious until he let his guard down—which could be in a few hours, days, or perhaps never--but it didn’t have to be that way with this waif around.
Taylor was nervous about meeting someone new, but she was ecstatic to think that she could try and trap him forever in her dreams so she could have a companion. Thinking about her knowledge of the dream plains, she had a theory about how to help Them wake up, but she decided to try and keep him as a pet instead.
Taylor had never been kissed before,but she knew men liked it. She might be able to trap him by use of temptation.  “Tell you what, if you manage to steal a kiss from me, I’ll tell you how to get out of the plains!”
Them was surprised, but then he was intrigued. He gave her a mischievous smile and agreed. “Very well! Sounds like fun!”
“You count to ten, and I’ll hide!” Taylor said with a wink.
Taylor spun around to look at Them--making sure his eyes were closed--but he vanished. She remembered—or realized—she was just reliving a past moment. She looked around at the wide world of her dreams and an intrusive thought wouldn’t get out of her head.
I want someone to share it with me…
Chapter Twenty: Swoon
After speaking with Francis, Kori wasted no time in running back to the king to tell him her plan. She knew he wouldn’t approve, but she frankly didn’t care whether he would or not. She felt like she didn’t even know who he was of late. He had been deceiving her so much, and he had taken far, far too much away from her.
She nonetheless requested an audience with him in his cabinet again, and she sat--prim and proper--on a comfy chair, waiting impatiently for him to arrive.
Kori was not an adventurous woman, and after she had been banished from Trella, she had stayed in Maribel since she had left, not interested in visiting any other kingdoms and knowing very little about them. She liked predictability, and she had liked Laurence, and that was enough for her to never want to venture far from either.
She was incredibly nervous about this venture she was about to undertake, but she couldn’t help but feel a little excited as well.
It might be fun in the end… She thought to herself. Maybe my problem is that I’m not very adventurous.
The knob on the door twisted, interrupting her thoughts, and Laurence walked into the room, shutting the door behind him. Silently, he sat in the chair across from Kori. “Did you speak with the elf?”
Kori nodded. “Yes… And, I came to an agreement with him.”
Laurence bristled and his posture became stiff. “An agreement?”
“Calm down, we still have the upperhand, Laurence, and nothing happens without your say so.” Kori interrupted before he could protest. “Hear me out. You have gotten us into a situation where we have no good options. You have kidnapped the queen’s emissary, and you have put the kingdom deep into debt. If it came to war, we would lose in an instant. Alanheim is far bigger than Maribel, has more resources, and has far more experienced warriors.”
Kori took a deep breath, looking up at the ceiling for a moment before continuing. “Now, I propose we try to negotiate with the queen. I have made a deal with Francis; if we let him go, he promises to put in a good word for me with the queen via a messenger bird, and I will accompany him back to Alanheim where I will attempt to negotiate with her to lower the amount of gold we owe her each month. It may be a long shot, but it’s our best shot. At any rate, it’s better than risking a war.”
Laurence stood up with his fists clenched and his eyebrows knitted. “Absolutely not! I will not have you running off with a man who will kill you the moment your back is turned! Besides, what would be keeping him from telling the queen that I had taken him captive?”
Kori cleared her throat awkwardly and hoped Francis would forgive her for giving away his secret. “He told me a secret that would ruin him if I related it to the queen. He told me he is… He has the parts of both a male and female.”
Laurence’s immediate reaction was a look of distaste at this new bit of knowledge, but then his expression changed to one of pity. “Some people are born unlucky, I suppose. But still, this is no guarantee that he won’t stab you in the back. He could easily just kill you on your way to see the queen, after all, and then he could tell his queen what I did to him.”
“Please, he will have no weapons and I can take care of myself. I have magic, after all. You need to trust me, Laurence. Or else…” Kori looked down at her hands which were folded neatly in her lap thoughtfully.
“Or else what?” Laurence’s voice rose in frustration. “Nothing you can say will make me allow you to go on this fool’s errand.”
Kori closed her eyes and murmured sadly, “Laurence, you have already taken my son from me. You have taken the jewel from your crown so that I can’t summon the Astral Elf to take me to the Crater where I would truly like to be. You have made my life entirely about you, and yet you never plan to marry me. If you don’t let me do this for the kingdom, I swear I will leave. I have no idea where I will go, but I will leave.”
“So  that’s what this is about? My refusal to marry you? Kori, I told you that I adore you more than anyone in this world—even my own wife! I told you my reasons for being unable to marry you--!”
Kori was so furious that she stood up, knocking her chair over. “Stop it, Laurence! I can’t stand it anymore! You can’t just dangle me like this—like I’m a common street walker! Like I only exist to soothe your damaged soul! You were my only friend when I was banished from Trella, and I will always love you for that, but I refuse to be your whore any longer!”
Kori leaned on the leg of the overturned chair, clutching at her heart with tears streaming down her cheeks.
Laurence tried to get her to stay in the way he always did—with warm promises, kind words, and strong arms. He glided to her side and swept her up in them. Because she was so tiny and he was so big, she felt incredibly safe in them, and she wanted to stay in them forever.
“Kori, you’re not a whore. You’re not my mistress. You’re my dearest friend; I respect and love you. That’s why I refuse to let you go on this suicidal mission. Stay here with me, my love, and I will give you what you want.” Laurence whispered in her ear.
She nearly swooned in his arms, but she thought of the person she would truly like to hold in her arms, Eory, and found that she couldn’t stand being in the arms of the man who kept her from him. She struggled free from them and she looked at him determinedly. “So, you’ll let me be with Eory, then. You know that’s what I truly want.”
Laurence’s eyebrows lowered angrily over his eyes at her belligerence. “Never. I won’t let you go with that monster, nor will I let you go with that creature in the cell down there. You will stay here.”
“Don’t call him a monster! God, you…” Kori gasped, trying not to let herself cry anymore. “You killed his dog in front of him—you would have killed him when he meant you no harm. I am beginning to think you’re the monster! And if you won’t have this kingdom’s best interests at heart, then I guess I will. I’ll do this with or without you!”
Kori headed for the door, but Laurence murmured menacingly, “You will not. You’ll come running to me like you always do. You’d be dead without me.”
Kori grabbed the knob on the door with a heavy heart, took a deep breath, and opened it.


--Chapter Twenty-One: Arrogance on Fire
In the morning, Taylor, Them, and Pollyanna were awakened by Maruka at dawn and, before even having a bite to eat were dragged from their sleeping quarters to a large, dome-shaped room in the west wing of the fortress.
Up on the wall of the large room loomed a colorful, stained glass window depicting what Pollyanna assumed to be a piece of Astral Elf history on it—elves fighting elves. Red light seeped in through the window, coloring the large, empty, room a bloody red—making the atmosphere of the already tense room all-the-tenser.
Joining the trio were about fifty other conscripted criminals who looked as exhausted and downtrodden as everyone else in the room did from being woken up early and enduring a long, rough ride in a caravan just a day before.
Pollyanna made sure to snag a seat next to Taylor on the hard, wooden floor of the room so she could defend and watch over her. To the old woman’s dismay, Them snagged a seat on Taylor’s other side.
Standing before the stained-glass window was a male Astral Elf with a typically vacant face. His long hands were clasped elegantly in front of him as the criminals funneled into the room. Once all the criminals had settled down and stopped talking, the Astral Elf addressed them all with sweeping arms.
“Welcome, newly conscripted fighters. It is a delight to meet you all. As you all know, you will be dedicating the rest of your lives, as it said in your contracts, to protecting the people of Yharos and helping us Astral Elves mend our mistakes. Now, I’m sure many of you are wondering what those mistakes are—indeed, I’m sure you’re also wondering what exactly these doppelgangers are, and how you’re going to fight them; I am here to explain that to you. Pay close attention.” The Astral Elf clasped touched the fingers of his left hand with his right, and they sparked with magical power--littled webs connecting them.
He spread them apart in the shape of a diamond, and within the diamond shaped magic was a scene for all the criminals to see—a scene from the past—glowing with ethereal magic
Pollyanna nudged Taylor, whose hands were clenched angrily, whispering to her, “Don’t you just hate how snooty they are?”
Taylor snorted, making a face. “Yeah, I’d frankly like to punch them in the face for locking me up in here. I’d like to punch Eory all-the-more.”
Them chimed in, “Well, I’m perfectly content here! I think we can do some good, don’t you?”
Taylor knitted her brows. She leaned against Pollyann, wrapping her arms around the warrior-maiden. “Who asked you? Me and Pollyanna are getting out of here the first chance we get.” Pollyanna stared unblinkingly forward at the Astral Elf, feeling butterflies in her stomach, not hearing Them and Taylor’s conversation. She would have killed for those arms to be Eory’s and not Taylor’s. Them made a face, but said nothing. She was just Taylor being Taylor.
“Long, long ago, we Astral Elves made a horrible mistake that we are still paying for in the shape of doppelgangers. You see…”
Pollyanna already knew the mistakes of the Astral Elves; she only needed to know how to fight the doppelgangers. She began tuning out the Astral Elf, bored to tears at his monotone voice  “The doppelgangers are a result of our own arrogance and lack of self-control…”
In a moment, Pollyanna was no longer seeing her surroundings, she was seeing the past--overseeing a city.
__
One-hundred-fifty years ago, Pollyanna stood atop a nearby hill looming over an Astral Elven city below them. The shrieks of the Astral Elves and the crackling of fire filled Pollyanna’s ears, but she couldn’t care less about them as she enjoyed the kisses of Fjorn with a moan. He had swept her hair aside so he could kiss the back of her neck. She leaned her head back so far that it was nearly resting on the fairy’s shoulder.
Fjorn whispered in her ear with vicious excitement, “I wanted to see it happen… I had to see it with my own eyes.”
“You mean you knew this would happen?” Pollyanna asked, biting back a moan.
“Oh yes… Every species with that amount of arrogance is doomed to die. Did you hear what they did?” Fjorn asked between kisses.
“No. What did they do?” Pollyanna replied—only half listening.
“They brought a meteor down from the sky to try and eradicate a different faction of Astral Elves—ones with different beliefs from their own.” Fjorn continued. “They used the blackest of evil magics to summon that meteor—magics that had been sealed away by the first creatures to walk Yharos; one has to pay the price of their own bodies for that kind of power. Every single one of them who helped summon that meteor will burst into flames.”
Pollyanna spun around—playfully and impulsively shoving him to the ground. Her hasty fingers found the belt at his waist. “And why do they burst into flames from using this magic? Why are you so intent on watching them die from their own foolishness?”
“They burst into flames because their newfound magic found the arrogance in the form of tiny flames, burrowed deep within the heart of the Astral Elves. The magic fostered those flames until they consumed the elves bodily. As for why I want to watch them burn…” Fjorn murmured as he pulled her close. “They had the nerve to spit in my face when I offered them to freely become my servants. I told them of how I had conquered the humans of Maribel, including you, my darling, and how I would be coming for them next, but they didn’t listen.” Fjorn replied.
Pollyanna found the laces on his breeches, but he seized her shoulders, shoving her to the ground by his side her roughly, pinning her under him. He whispered in her ear, “It turns out the only masters of black magic are the Arrozans.”
Pollyanna felt the tips of her fingers and toes go numb with fear and passion, and she merely lay there, frozen in fear for a long moment.
She gulped, stretching her arms above her head and asking, “What were these different beliefs the other elves had?”
“They believed that they were entitled to own slaves whereas this faction deemed it barbaric.” Fjorn answered as he worked at removing the armor covering her torso. “Why did I have to make you into such a fine warrior? How am I supposed to get you naked now?”
Pollyanna giggled, glancing to her left—down the cliffside. Her eyes widened when she saw a shape moving up the cliffside. An Astral Elf, being consumed by fire was creeping up the hill with a sword in hand.
She shoved Fjorn to the side, unsheathed her blade, and launched it at the elf who tumbled down the mountainside with it in his forehead.
Fjorn laughed loudly. “Ah yes! That is why I made you the greatest warrior in all the land!”
He stood behind her, grabbing her hips, and just as she thought he was going to embrace her, he shoved her down the hill instead with a laugh. “Let’s see how much you can survive, my love!”
Pollyanna tumbled down the hill, breaking her neck, but her body repaired it almost instantaneously.
Fjorn snapped his fingers and at her side in a shower of black smoke. He pulled her close in an embrace and said, “Help me kill them even as they burn to death! I order you to!”
Pollyanna grinned, tears springing from her eyes. “Your wish is my command!”
__
Pollyanna snapped back to reality when Them asked the Astral Elf a question. “What are the doppelgangers? How were they made?”
The Astral Elf lecturing them turned to him and explained, “When the Crater was formed, something else was formed with it; the dark magic and the arrogance of the elves used to summon the meteor lingered there with it for so long that it festered, sinking into the earth. Now,  an infinite amount of black shadows of the elves who summoned the meteor endlessly arise from the earth and have only one goal in mind; killing everything they come into contact with.”
The Astral Elf, who had been telling the story of his arrogant people with the use of magic, now dropped his hands, clearing his throat as he paced back and forth.
“Most people outside of the Crater don’t even know what the doppelgangers are; while elves, gamayuns, fairies, and humans are all safe and asleep in their beds, it is our duty to make sure that the doppelgangers are contained here and can never hurt a soul outside the Crater.” The Astral Elf affirmed. “That being said, I’m sure you all are very curious as to how to defeat these creatures.”
Pollyanna’s ears perked up and she concentrated now.
“There is still an arrogant flame where their heart would be if they were still living. You must pierce their hearts with water to dispose of them, and then strike them down.” Said the Astral Elf.
One of the recruits asked, "Sir, why must we fight when there is a magical shield to keep the doppelgangers from leaving?"
"That shield is not for them; they can pass through it. It's to keep you recruits from leaving. The doppelgangers are attracted to the nearest living creatures, so they will not leave the Crater so long as we stay in this fortress."
The Astral Elf took a deep breath. “Now, we always need someone standing watch on the fortress’ battlements because the doppelgangers can appear at any time in the day. Usually they appear in very small numbers if they appear at all during the day. However, they appear most often and in the largest number when the sun is setting and night settles upon the land. There can be upwards of one-hundred of them that appear each night.”
Pollyanna was grinning.
She was still intent on finding a way out of this situation that Eory had gotten them into, but at least while she did, she could have fun killing doppelgangers.
Pollyanna glanced Taylor who was sitting next to her with frightened eyes and felt badly for the poor fairy. She wasn’t being quite so obnoxious now, and she reminded Pollyanna very much of Rebecca who was similarly thrust into being a man the way Taylor had been. Pollyanna remembered she wanted Eory back, and if she wanted him back, she had to start treating Taylor like a man.
She scooted away from her, refusing to let her lean her head on her shoulder.
The Astral Elf let out a sigh and seemed nearly finished with his explanation.
“Astral Elves used to be so wild and arrogant—we had no cap on our emotions, and so, we decided to get rid of them through magic. It is true that one faction of Astral Elves tried to kill the other due to one wanting to keep slaves, but there was another, more prominent and far more silly reason they wanted the other faction gone…. One faction had three eyes, and the other had two.” The Astral Elf looked at the wooden floor thoughtfully and then murmured, “Such a silly thing to kill each other over, don’t you think?”
-Chapter Twenty-Two: Knocked off Guard
Taylor would never, ever admit she was afraid of what the future might bring, but whether she did or not, it was written plainly on her face for all the other conscripted criminals to see. She could hear them laughing at her while she ate breakfast with Pollyanna the next day, her hand trembling while she held her utensil.
“Look at that trembling fairy girl!” Whispered a dwarf to the human sitting next to him. “She won’t last a day!”
Taylor turned in her chair, shooting a glare at the human and dwarf who were making jokes about her. They suddenly became deathly quiet.
The fairy girl turned back to her breakfast, eating lightly, and Pollyanna was surprised about how quiet she was being. Taylor bit into a biscuit, while watching red light filter through the air. She chewed slowly, mesmerized by the light.
Red light danced about in the air to cast light on criminals—staining their red hands all-the-redder and fittingly trapping the detestable creatures in with a suitable death. Taylor knew the obnoxious, pretentious thought was not her own.
Get out of my head! This is my body! Taylor’s thoughts bellowed loudly in her head, her fingers digging into her biscuit--pieces of it crumbling between her fingers. Pollyanna was watching in surprise, wondering what the girl was thinking about. “Hey Eory, I was thinking that we should maybe cut your hair and—”
Taylor slammed her fists on the table. “My name is not Eory! Don’t call me that! Stop it, stop it, stop it!”
Pollyanna took a sip of her water amidst the noisy cacophony that was the dining hall. Momentarily turning her gaze to look at the tapestries of elves, humans, waifs, and the other creatures of Yharos hanging on the wall. “I’m sorry. I was just thinking it would be a good idea to cut your hair because long hair is generally not a good thing to have in battle.”
Taylor narrowed her eyes at the old woman. “Are you trying to make me into a man? Into that coward, Eory?”
Pollyanna was silent for a moment, searching for the right words to say. “No, it’s as I said, I merely want your hair to be short so you can fight more efficiently—”
Taylor stood up abruptly—knocking her chair over and marching away with her plate of tasteless food.
Pollyanna watched her go. She had an almost unfightable need to go comfort the girl, which was strange, because is she were a man, she would have no such need. Pollyanna decided she would not comfort her, as she wanted to treat her the way she would a man. She let the girl go.
Taylor seethed, looking for a different spot to eat, but could find none that looked appealing. She didn't want to sit next to dwarves or elves or humans who happened to make up most of the criminals. No one here was her equal. No one her was fair nor Arrozan.
However, Them waved her over to his table frantically with an encouraging smile adorning his face. Taylor turned her nose up, sniffling sadly as she picked a spot to eat on the floor. Sitting next to Them didn’t sound appealing either. Dust flew up as she sat, causing her to sneeze.
As she swallowed her anger, taking a bite out of the biscuit in her hands. As she chewed, Taylor kept glancing over at the human, Maruka, who was overlooking the room. She thought he was very odd-looking for a human. His eyes were entirely black and had no whites, and his skin looked almost slippery to the touch. Taylor bit into the apple on her plate, thinking to herself, He stutters like a coward, but he didn’t back down at all when Pollyanna threatened him. I guess that’s pretty admirable...
She thought of the earlier instance of him staring at Pollyanna unflinchingly when she seized him by the collar. I should be more like him. I need to stop crying.
They had an hour to eat, and then Maruka addressed them all, hands clasped in front of him. “Follow me, new recruits! I will train you now.”
Taylor stood up, dusting off her new clothes—the same clothes that all the recruits were designated to wear—a simple, red jerkin and black breeches.
I should really dress them up! I look horrible! She thought to herself.
Everyone in the dining hall filed out of it—following Maruka through the ugly, cold fortress.
Them and his wisp friend caught up to the fairy girl and asked her as she went, “hey, I waved you over, why didn’t you sit with us?” Taylor held her head high, turning her nose up at him snootily. “I didn’t want to. If you didn’t want to meet me on the dream plains, why should I meet you at the dinner table?”
Them held up a hand, but Taylor sped up her pace so he couldn’t talk to her.
She caught up to Maruka and tapped him on the shoulder. “Can I ask you something?”
Maruka glanced down at her with an eyebrow raised. “A-are you a woman?”
Taylor narrowed her eyes in offense. “Yes, I’m a woman! How dare you accuse me of being anything else!”
“It’s hard to tell with fairies. You might have trouble on the battlefield, then. Fairy’s are physically weak creatures compared to most—especially females. You're an Arrozan, though, that might make up for your small stature. How’s your magic? P-powerful?” Maruka queried.
Taylor bristled at the accusation that she might have trouble on the battlefield. “My magic is great! All fairy magic is great!”
“That’s good. Now, what were you going to ask?” Maruka prompted as he clasped his hands behind his back.
Taylor batted her eyes and coyly clawed at her hair. “Well, would you happen to know if there’s any way out of this contract? You seem pretty knowledgeable, after all.”
Maruka’s black eyes widened and he hastily replied, “O-of course not! Don’t ask me such things!”
Taylor grinned. Not a very good liar. Have to use him to find a way out.
Maruka led the assorted band of criminals through a wide arch in which the sound of clanging swords filled Taylor’s sensitive ears. She squealed a little, clapping her hands to her ears. In front of her were dozens of recruits honing their skills with their weapons of choice. Some used axes, some used lances, and some used swords. It was loud, and just like in the mess hall, almost all of the conscriptants were male. 
Maruka approached an elf wearing a more ornate uniform than the rest of the recruits. Taylor assumed he was of a higher rank. Maruka asked the man, “H-hello Jordan. Are you done w-with this room? We need to use it to train.”
The elf--Jordan--nodded. “Yep, we’re just about finished here. It’s my shift in the afternoon today, right?” 
Maruka nodded. Jordan called to his group of conscriptants that they were done for the day and to get out. They filed out of the room, following Jordan. The recruits showed a close-knit bond as they laughed about things that happened the previous day, including good kills they achieved on the battlefield.
-Maruka walked to the other end of the high-ceilinged, cylindrical room. His black eyes scanned the recruits as they lined up horizontally. His eyes fell on Taylor, and then on a much larger dwarf. “You, the fairy girl, and you, the large dwarf. Come to the center of the room. Grab your weapon of choice from the rack.”
Taylor and the dwarf obeyed, looking over the weapon racks and deciding what they liked. The dwarf grabbed a sword, twirling it with a flourish.
Taylor looked at all the weapons to choose from—stroking her chin with a hand on her hip. Her rosy eyes zeroed in on a row of axes whose handles were nestled neatly into the holes on the bottom of the wooden rack.
Taylor wrapped her dainty hands around one of the handles, trying to lift it out with a grunt. She pulled it toward herself and nearly pulled the whole rack down with it. She hastily let go of it when that happened. Everyone was laughing at her; she growled in response.
She stamped her foot, yelling, “Disgust!”
The axe—carried by black magic--floated out of its holder, Taylor grabbed it out of the air. She wasn’t prepared for how heavy it was—she yelped, as the head of the axe slammed into the floor. Everyone laughed again. Taylor looked around at them, eyes filling with tears, cheeks hot with embarrassment at their derision.
She bristled, yelling,
“Disgust!”
“Disgust!”
“Disgust!”
Her eyes flared with black fire, evil magic stretched out from her fingers and toward all the recruits in the room who gasped in fear. Stop it! I won’t let you! Cried the man, and her magic dispersed.
Taylor groaned inwardly. Her magic would not trigger so long as Eory was paying attention.
Taylor’s hair was disheveled and sticky with sweat. She panted, hefting the axe on her shoulder. The room was tense with fear and anticipation as the small fairy girl stepped into the ring with the huge dwarf. While the rest of the room was tense at what might happen, Maruka merely watched Taylor with intrigue. In a moment, he took pity on her and said, “Women should typically pick weapons more suited to their strengths such as arrows, or thin blades—lances and axes are fairly unwieldy and more suited to—”
“Shut up! I can take him!” Taylor yelled with her grip tightening on the axe.
Maruka grinned a little, but said nothing else. He motioned for the two to begin fighting.
The dwarf glanced Maruka’s way. “Must I fight a woman? A female dwarf is hard and strong, but this one looks like a stiff wind could—”
Taylor yelled, swinging the axe with all her might toward the dwarf. The dwarf brought his sword up, blocking the clumsy axe swing easily. The fairy girl sweated with exertion, trying to swing the axe again, but found that she could only lift it halfway.
The dwarf slammed his sword against Taylor’s axe--she lost her grip, dropping it, and stumbled backwards, landing on her rump.
Maruka smirked and was glad to see that his point had been made.
The dwarf leaned on his sword and didn’t like how Maruka had treated the fairer sex. “It’s easy for you to pit a tiny woman against a large man, but how about you? Just why were you put in charge of us? I bet you couldn’t last a round with me.”
Maruka kept the smirk on his face, grabbing a spear from one of the racks and confronted the dwarf in the middle of the room—pointing the head of the spear at the dwarf with pristine form. The dwarf lunged at the black-eyed man, who jabbed with lightning fast speed at the flat side of the sword. The dwarf lost his grip on the sword, dropping it.
He glared at the young man, but could not doubt his skill.
“S-satisfied?” Maruka asked.
The dwarf nodded grudgingly.
Taylor, meanwhile, stayed where she had fallen and seethed in rage. Black fire simmered from her body. She was furious.
--Chapter Twenty-Three: Restrained
Them watched the scene unfold before him in surprise. He was expecting Pollyanna to intervene on Taylor’s behalf, or at least instruct the fairy girl on what weapon to choose, but she merely watched stoically with her arms folded. 
I thought it was her job to intervene and protect the Arrozans? Pete commented with a jingle. Them wondered what the ancient warrior’s thought process was, but he had the more pressing concern of stopping the girl from vaporizing everyone in the room with her black magic. The fairy girl was sizzling with dark fire as she lay on her stomach from being knocked over by her dwarven opponent.
He knew from seeing her on the dream plains just how much her magic could sting.
Them dashed to her side, kneeling next to her, and placing a hand on her back. “Are you okay, Taylor?”
Taylor was groaning furiously, she slowly climbed to her feet. Maruka watched her with a raised eyebrow. “I-I suggest everyone stand back. Arrozans can get very angry very quickly.”
“Disgust!” Taylor screamed.
However, no black fire was cast from her fingers--Eory was preventing her. Taylor cried in frustration. “I’ll kill you all!” Taylor cried like a child.
“Disgust! Disgust! Disg—”
Them grabbed her arm, concerned. “Taylor, calm down! You know how powerful your magic is—it’s perfectly fine when we’re dreaming, but you could really hurt someone out here!”
Taylor knocked him away from her with a spurt of black fire. “Shut up! I am an Arrozan! I am not your lover or friend! You know as well as I do that you are merely company to me and nothing else!” Taylor rose a clenched fist pulsing with black fire, directing it at Them.
Pete flew in front of Them, pulsing with a brilliant white light, burning Taylor’s eyes and causing her to stumble backwards, stopping her before she could unleash her magic. Taylor screamed--her hands turned black by how much magic was pooling in them, black magic that could not be unleashed--the man did not stop her this time as she intended to unleash it--they were both in too much pain to keep it inside them a moment longer. Before it could fly from her fingers, however, Maruka seized her wrist, clamping a bracelet on it.
The black magic retreated back inside Taylor’s body. She gasped in shock.
She tried to get the bracelet off, but it wouldn’t budge an inch. She clawed at it with panicked gasps until her skin bled. “No, no, no! What is this horrid thing!”
Maruka explained, “A gamayunian piece of technology that prevents the use of magic. I… Added my own touch to it, which is why it works. It can be removed by no one except me. We were warned ahead of time that the last member of the Arrozan family would be arriving here soon, so I worked tirelessly with a gamayun to get this bracelet working.”
Taylor cried in disbelief. “No! Nothing can contain Arrozan magic. Nothing!”
Taylor tearfully collapsed on her knees. “No…”
Them wrapped an arm around her shoulder. “Come on, Taylor, there are other ways to fight. It’ll be okay.”
“Get off of me!” Taylor shoved him away.
The whole room was watching the scene with intrigue—Them could hear them whispering about Taylor.
“That truly is the last member of the Arrozan family? I thought she was a man, not a woman?” One commented.
“Who cares? The Arrozans are guilty of heinous crimes. I doubt anyone would care if this girl went missing, and now that her powers have been taken away…”
Them worried about Taylor. He glanced over at Pollyanna again, but the old woman was examining her nails, seemingly uncaring of Taylor’s plight. Them gave the fairy girl an encouraging smile. “Taylor, waifs are weak creatures, too. We would be hard pressed to beat any other species in armed combat—that’s why we’re so proficient with bows! I can teach you to use one—” Taylor ignored him, brushing past Them and heading for the exit. Maruka called to her, “Y-you can leave, but you’ll be far behind in skill if you miss out on a training session.”
Taylor shook with shock, trying to launch magic from her fingers to no avail. She could feel it being bottled up in her finger tips—unable to move past them.
She was devastated. She marched out of the room.
Pete watched her go, frowning. I never approved of you pining over someone so unstable, but I have to admit that I feel sorry for her. She’ll be in trouble if she misses out on this lesson.
Them nodded sullenly. “Poor thing…”
Maruka waved Them over.
Them marched up to the human—still glancing over his shoulder at Taylor who was slowly receding into the distance—and made a face at the black-eyed man. He wanted to curse the odd-looking human out and tell him he was awful for treating a lady such a way, but he withheld.
“You said you use a bow, correct? That’s very smart of you. Waifs are horribly outmatched in strength, so it’s good for them not to have to engage with their enemies in close quarters. Do you have any magical capabilities?” Maruka asked.
Them looked downtrodden, but answered, “No. None that would be useful.”
Maruka nodded. “That’s okay. Grab a bow. I want to show you all something.”
Them obeyed, grabbing a bow from the rack on his left.
Maruka turned his back to the recruit and strode to the door at the end of the room. He opened the door and pulled out a large chest. He threw open a lid, and a creature made of shadow rose from it. It was a doppelganger. The room gasped, taking a step back. The creature was in chains, unable to move. Maruka shoved the creature toward the recruits and let them gaze upon it for a moment
Them felt strange under the creature’s gaze. It was a translucent, smoky shadow with a flame burning where its heart should have been. It had no fine details in its face; no eyes, no nose, no lines or wrinkles—just blank blackness. The doppelganger lurched at the recruit, but Maruka prevented it by pulling on the end of its chain.
Them was frozen in fear, but he forced a smirk in a moment when he reminded himself that the creature could not harm him while it was tied up. “So this is a doppelganger? This is what we average folk are kept safe from…” Maruka nodded, his black eyes locked with the strong dwarf who he had disarmed earlier. “Y-you—the dwarf—please grab that barrel on your left.”
The dwarf grabbed the barrel, hearing water sloshing around within it as he dragged it to the middle of the room. Them waited for further instructions patiently. Maruka cleared his throat and said, “Dip the arrowhead into the barrel and fire it at the flaming heart.”
Them did so—he submerged the arrow head and then pulled back on the bowstring with surprising strength for one his size.
The sound of the weapon being pulled taut was always music to his ears.
He released the arrow and it sang through the air—lodging itself into the shadowy creature’s fiery heart. The creature shrieked, tearing the arrow from its heart and then dragged its feet toward Them with all its might. Maruka, who was being dragged by the strong and tall doppelganger, shouted to Them, “Shoot it again!”
Them readied another arrow, firing it at the doppelganger.
It buried itself into the shadow creature’s neck, its head was severed. The creature melted into a pile of black sludge and then dissipated in a poof of black smoke.
Maruka smiled. “Nice aim, waif. That’s how you kill a doppelganger; you put out the flame and then you can kill them as easily as you would any mortal creature. That’s why archers have such a pivotal role to play in taking down the doppelgangers; all you need to do is dampen your arrows and fire them into the heart of a doppelganger, and then a soldier can finish them easily. It’s too bad the Arrozan girl missed out on that, huh?”
Them frowned deeply. Poor Taylor…
“Maruka,” said a female elf. “When are we expected to help with the fighting?”
“Right now, you would just be a nuisance. However, as w-w-w-we explained to you, a varying amount of doppelgangers appear each day and night, and we need as many people as possible to replace the already-fallen recruits. We will train you for three days, and then you will be expected to fight.” Maruka answered.
Taylor is going to be in trouble… Pete murmured worriedly.
Them nodded. He thought to himself, I’ll visit her later. I have to make sure she knows the basics.
Chapter Twenty-Four: Clueless
Taylor left the training session weeping bitter, angry tears. She threw a tantrum as if she were still six-years-old, shrieking at the top of her lungs and clawing at the bracelet Maruka had clamped around her wrist. When it still would not come off, she found her way back to her quarters (after taking a few wrong turns) and threw herself on her bed, screaming into her pillow and punching it.
She heard the man laughing in her head. Gods, look at you weep. He takes away our magic and suddenly you’re useless; just a scared, crying little girl.
Taylor sat up and slammed her fists into the bed. “Shut up! How are we going to survive this without magic? We know nothing of the world! We don’t know how to fight!”
You should have stayed. You could have learned how to use a bow. Eory replied.
Taylor’s stomach churned with worry, her heart thudding with anxiety. It felt like the only way out was to—
Her vision swam as she seriously considered chopping off her arm to get the bracelet off. Instead, she bit into her arm until it bled, and her heart rate seemed to slow. She took heavy breaths and lowered herself onto her stomach. I can do this. Maruka not only knows a way out of the contract, but he also knows how to get this horrible thing off my wrist.
Taylor wiped her eyes as tears kept coming relentlessly. “I won’t go back there now. I’ll embarrass myself.” Taylor said aloud to herself.
Taylor sat there, trying to calm herself down. She clenched and unclenched her fists, looking up, and suddenly, she thought of rain as she looked up at the ceiling.
This room is disgusting! Kori’s voice echoed in her mind. And without her permission, a tiny smile dawned on the fairy girl’s face.
Don’t you miss her, too? Eory asked her with a choked voice.
“No!” Taylor clapped her hands to her ears. “No, I don’t! I am an Arrozan! I need no one else, and I will take my throne back and make this world bow to me!”
Why can’t you just admit how alone and lonely we are? We have nothing left… The man whispered solemnly.
“It doesn’t matter! So long as we get out of here, nothing matters! I still have Pollyanna! I’ll just force her to kill everyone in this stupid fortress and then we can leave!” Taylor said with a panicked grin.
That’s not a good idea. Pollyanna might be able to survive that, but we wouldn’t. There are hundreds of recruits in this fortress; there’s no way Pollyanna could fend all of them off. Eory responded.
Taylor sat on her knees. “I hate you, Eory! You shouldn’t even exist!”
Taylor became very reflective then. She had calmed. Her mind turned to the fact that everyone--even Pollyanna--had abandoned her in favor of Eory. It was upsetting, but somehow, it calmed her down. 
Taylor blinked slowly, and eventually, her eyes closed and she fell into a deep sleep.
__
She awoke to a frantic knock on her door. She sat up and rubbed her eyes. “Go away!”
“Taylor, it’s me, Them. I’m worried about you; please let me in. I have important news to share with you.”
Taylor rolled her eyes. She stared at the door with a sullen face.
“I’m sorry I didn’t meet up with you the other night—I really am—but I truly had your best interests at heart. I promise. I have them in my heart now, too.”
Taylor pulled her knees up to her chest, debating whether she wanted him in her room. Part of her wanted to turn him away to make a point, the other part of her wanted company desperately. That part overwhelmed her. Before she could stop herself, she relented. “…Come in.”
Them opened the door, his face immediately brightening when he saw that she was okay. The small, four-foot-tall waif sat on the side of her bed, saying to her, “Taylor, I would love to help you learn to use a bow, and I also have information for you about how to kill the doppelgangers.”
Taylor replied with her voice dripping with sarcasm, “oh?”
“Yes. The key to it is that you have to put the flame in their hearts out which makes them vulnerable, and then you’ll be able to finish them with any sort of weapon.” Them explained.
Taylor looked around curiously. “Where’s your obnoxious wisp friend?”
“Sleeping. Are you even listening to me, Taylor?” Them asked, looking at her with a raised eyebrow.
“I’m listening.” Taylor murmured--although truthfully, she was only half-listening.
Them asked, “Did you and Pollyanna have a falling out or something? Why isn’t she protecting you?”
She wasn’t sure whether they were her tears or Eory’s, but they nonetheless streamed down her cheeks as she replied, “Because she doesn’t want me, she wants Eory. Nobody wants me.”
Them watched her cry for a moment, and then he slowly inched closer to her. “Eory’s your… Male self, right?”
Taylor collapsed on her belly, nodding with her face in her pillow.
“Taylor…” Them whispered.
He grabbed her by the shoulders, rolling her onto her back so he could look at her. “I want you.”
Her eyes roamed over him intensely. She ran her thin-fingered, graceful hand up his surprisingly muscular arm, causing him to shiver with anticipation. He wondered if she would let him kiss her; he thought it was worth a try. He leaned in, but before he could get even moderately close, she giggled, pinning him beneath her. Them rolled his eyes but couldn’t help but grin and be happy to see the semblance of the Taylor he loved back.
Her grin slowly became a frown. “You wouldn’t want me like this. Trust me.”
“I really don’t care, Taylor. It’s all in your head. I am curious as to why this… Fracture in your identity has come about, though.” Them wondered as Taylor released him, sitting back on the bed, cross-legged.
Taylor tapped her arm with nervous fingers, gathering her thoughts.
“Arrozans must be powerful, strong, outgoing, commanding, and relentless. My mom constantly told me that. Mother thought that I was a weak—even for being as young as I was—and she told my father that the sooner she made me into a boy, the easier it would be for me. It’s actually a common practice for Arrozans; when a child is seen as being too weak, the parents will take steps to change the sex of the child because it will hopefully make them into a different and stronger person. It’s usually successful if done early and parents are able to foster that change, but… my parents weren’t able to foster mine.” Taylor closed her eyes, allowing herself to hate her mother for a moment.
“I don’t understand how fairies can change sexes so easily?” Them asked as he rubbed the back of his neck. “I can’t believe I never knew all this about fairies…”
Taylor looked up at the ceiling with a wistful smile. She reached far back into her memories and retrieved a memory of her brother. “According to my brother, Gershom, the fairy kingdom that we Arrozans first came from is a place fraught with environmental dangers at every turn. Men would often die when they went out to hunt, and the women would often far outnumber them because of it. Eventually, the females of the species began changing sexes because there were so few men left that they had to. Being able to change sexes has remained effortlessly easy, even for fairies in Maribel, if done early enough in the fairy’s life.”
Them reached back through his own memories, remembering when he had briefly visited the fairy kingdom of Farrah. “I remember visiting the fairy kingdom, once. I must say that Maribel fairies are extremely different from fairies originating from Farrah.” Them cleared his throat awkwardly. He didn’t want to add the fact that many of the fairies who lived in the fairy kingdom were savages in comparison, raiding enemy tribes and sacrificing them to the fair goddesses often. “But how is it that the parent’s change the sex in Maribel?”
Taylor thought about it intensely for a moment—wondering if she could remember everything Gershom had told her. “All I remember him saying is that changing the sex of the child is much easier early on and that one of the ways it’s accomplished is through never mentioning the child’s previous name and constantly reinforcing the sex the parents want them to be. Most of the time, the child will forget that they were ever a different person.”
There was a solid moment of thoughtful silence. Taylor thought she could hear rain drizzling overhead again, but she knew there was none.
Them sighed, keeping a respectable distance from her on the bed. “I can’t believe you turned out to be the last Arrozan. I would have never guessed it when I met you on the dream plains…”
“Why not?” Taylor was wounded. “Have I not demonstrated myself to be as powerful and strong as one?”
“You have, but…” Them blushed a little. “You seem too sweet to be one.”
Taylor snorted. “Don’t be ridiculous… I am not sweet… When have I ever been sweet to you?”
Them laughed in response and realized it was true that she had never been particularly sweet to him—but there was something in her demeanor and in the way she spoke that was innocent. That was what was sweet about her.
“Can I ask you something, Taylor?” Them asked.
Taylor waited—not feeling the need to answer.
“How is it that you were Eory when I met you, but now you are Taylor again like on the dream plains?” Them inquired. “If your mother wanted you to be a man, how is it that you have survived all this time?”
“I was…” More tears came unbidden to Taylor’s eyes as she remembered when Kori used to brush her hair.
Them glanced her way compassionately but knew better than to coddle her.
“I was raised in a cage for most of my life…” Taylor managed to choke out through an uncomfortable lump in her throat. “By a waif. She didn’t know that she was supposed to constantly reinforce Eory’s manhood, so I managed to stick around in the back of Eory’s mind—I clung to life… But now, I…”
Them had never seen the fiery Taylor so upset; he had never seen so many tears come out of her eyes in one sitting. He loved Taylor when she was strong, immovable, and wild, and he had never seen or even known that she had a vulnerable side to her.
Gingerly, Them opened his arms for her—not actually expecting her to throw herself into them—keeping his eyes down as he did so.
The silence between the pair was deafening.
Them was jolted but delighted when Taylor launched herself into them at full force, knocking him over in doing so. She wouldn’t ever admit it to herself, but part of the reason she had made a game out of him earning a third kiss from her was because she was so inexperienced in the matters of love.
Kori taught me nothing. I’m too scared to let you kiss me. Taylor thought to herself.
“Them…” she whispered. “I’m afraid I’ll disappear if no one treats me like a woman--if no one treat me like I’m Taylor and not Eory. You’ll treat me like a woman, won’t you?”
“Always.” He answered sincerely.
Chapter Twenty-Five: A Good Fight
Once Maruka was done instructing the new recruits on how to fight the doppelgangers, it was nearly dark out, and Maruka told them all to eat dinner, wash up, and then go straight to bed.
All of the recruits were sore and tired at the end of the day. Maruka had them all fight each other one-on-one three times, teaching them various techniques and tips with each weapon in the room. Pollyanna was used to such exercises, however, and relished being active after being cooped up in the caravan for so long.
The old woman beat every other recruit she was matched with effortlessly; even if she weren’t invincible, she would have had no problems winning. She had hundreds of years of experience on the other recruits.
Not only that, but she relished the fight.
Her blood pumped as she swept an elf’s legs out from under him; her muscles tensed as she jerked her head to the side to avoid a wooden stick being thrust at her. Her mouth bent upward in a smirk as she jabbed her wooden stick into a dwarf’s belly, knocking the air out of him.
There’s nothing like a good fight! She thought to herself.
Nothing like…
Nothing like…
She managed to stay focused on the fight for several moments longer, until she shoved one of her opponents backwards with a grunt and suddenly, her mind would let her think of nothing else but the past.
__
Pollyanna, as a black-haired young girl, watched a group of boys getting into a tussle from the stoop on her house. It was long ago—before the fairies had even taken over Maribel--during a time when the kingdom belonged entirely to humans. Pollyanna lived on the outskirts of the kingdom in a little town with her mother and father. It was a dusty place, sparse in food and even sparser with money.
Pollyanna was bored while her mother was sewing indoors—an activity she never cared for and didn’t care to learn. Her father wasn't home. He was working as a butcher in a shop nearby. She glanced indoors and saw her mother busily stitching up a pair of her father’s breeches.
Since she was sure her mother wasn't watching, Pollyanna launched herself to her feet and joined the boys who, even at her young age, were much shorter than her. When they saw her stomping their way, one of the boys cried, “It’s a troll! A giant, hideous, ugly troll! Run!”
Pollyanna tackled one of the boys with a fierce grin on her face, grappling with him until he was in tears. “Damn right I am hideous! I shall feast on your flesh and use your skulls as goblets!”
“I shall fight you, beast!” Cried another one of the boys.
Pollyanna shoved the boy she had been fighting to the side. “Are you mad, young hero? Do you truly think you can best the hideous troll, Pollyanna?”
“There’s nothing like a good fight!” The boy replied fearlessly.
“Very well,” Pollyanna replied, dusting off her dress. “Come fight me, then!”
The boy dove at her with shocking strength for being considerably shorter than her. He slammed his fist into her face as they crumpled to the ground. “You’ll pay for killing my first mate, beast!”
Her face was swollen and pulsed with pain, but she was still smirking. “I think not! You will never defeat me, fool!” Her nose was bleeding, but she shoved the boy off her with a kick and returned his punch with one of her own.
A crowd was gathering, murmuring their shock at seeing a girl roughhousing with the boys, but Pollyanna was having so much fun that she hardly heard them. She continued fighting the boy until her mother’s stern, startled voice cut through the commotion. “Pollyanna!”
Pollyanna lifted her head. She looked toward her house, where her mother was standing with a hand clapped to her mouth. “What on Yharos are you doing!”
“I’m playing with my friends!” Pollyanna exclaimed cheerfully, sweeping her hair out of her eyes. The crowd whispered about her poor manners and uncomely behavior. They were appalled.
Pollyanna’s mother was severely embarrassed, looking as if she might faint from all the judgmental eyes upon her.
“Come here, Pollyanna! Right now!” Her mother demanded. Pollyanna frowned and glanced at the male children who had worried looks adorning their faces; they knew Pollyanna was in trouble. Sullenly, Pollyanna marched to her mother’s side. She recognized the look on her mother’s face.
She was looking down her nose at her daughter—her blue eyes cold and discerning. She seized her daughter’s wrist, dragging her inside.
Inside the house, silence hung in the air as Pollyanna looked down at her feet.
Impulsively, her mother slapped her across her cheeks several times. Each slap seemed to get harder and harder; stinging more and more with each strike.
Pollyanna threw her hands up, screeching in terror—trying to protect her face.
“Why can’t you act like a proper young lady! People will think you a whore the way you roll around with boys!” Her words dripped with hushed vitriol in every syllable. “You have no talents as a woman! None!”
“Mommy, please!” Pollyanna begged her as her mother reached for a nearby comb set on the dresser.
__
She came back to the present in full force as the woman she was fighting managed to ram the wooden stick she was wielding into Pollyanna’s side.
Enraged, Pollyanna grabbed the stick, wrenching it from the woman’s hands and tossing it aside. Pollyanna yanked the woman toward her and rammed a knee into the woman’s stomach, knocking the air out of her.
After a few more fights Maruka finally held up a hand and called it quits for the day.
“Time for dinner and then straight to bed.” Maruka said as all the recruits put their weapons back.
Pollyanna was reflective as she looked for a place to sit in the noisy mess hall.
She looked around for Eory, but he was nowhere to be found—nor was the entity, Taylor, who had currently taken over his body. She sighed. It’s for the best. I’d be too tempted to soothe her if she were here.
Pollyanna walked beside one of the tables in the mess hall—looking for an open seat. There was one beside Them and his obnoxious wisp friend.
Pollyanna, carrying a plate of food, stopped behind the pair, listening to them talk for a moment. “I have to go see her after this—make sure she’s caught up and knows how to kill the doppelgangers.”
Pollyanna scowled.
She pulled the chair next to Them’s out, slamming her food on the table—making Them and everyone around him jump in surprise. 
“What are you planning?” Pollyanna demanded in a hushed voice. “You better stay away from Eory.”
Them raised an eyebrow—apparently unafraid. “She’s my… friend. I want to help her and be there for her. Why won’t you do the same? You were supposed to protect her earlier...”
Pollyanna’s fingers tensed on the table—her nails digging into the wood.
It would be very easy to choke him to death… She thought to herself. But she thought of how Eory would feel about that, and managed to resist. An unexpected tear rolled down her cheek when she thought of disappointing him.
Them looked truly shocked and disturbed at the single tear, but decided it was best not to comment on it for his own safety.
She retreated into her thoughts.
I have to make sure this stupid waif and I are on the same page. I have to bring him to my side.
“Them,” Pollyanna said steadily. “Eory is very unhappy right now—surely you understand this—that’s why this… Vain, ugly creature, Taylor, has taken over his body. You want Eory to be happy, don’t you?”
Them cocked his head to the side—wondering what the old woman was going on about.
“Of course I want her to be happy! She’s brought me nothing but joy!” Them said gaily as he chomped a piece of steak on his plate. “But I want her to be happy—not Eory.”
Pollyanna resisted the urge to throw a punch at the tiny waif. She had to be smart about this. “Them, Eory has been in her body for twelve of the eighteen years they have lived. Don’t you think that makes it more of his body—his life? And, I’m not sure how well you know Taylor, but surely you realize how… Unstable she is and why her parents decided she’d do better as a boy. Wouldn’t you rather have someone kind and…” Pollyanna stared forward blankly for a moment when she remembered Eory giving up his freedom for her. “And sweet be in that body?”
Them gave her a surprised, sidelong glance and cleared his throat. “It seems like you’re very fond of him… To be honest, I don’t really understand all this fairy stuff, but I do know that I definitely want Taylor around—and she doesn’t seem to like Eory very much! But…"
Them felt bad when he saw his upset and disgruntled Pollyanna was.
"If you miss Eory so much, I’m willing to help bring him out so you can talk to him--so long as it doesn’t hurt Taylor in any way. Should I ask her to help bring him to the surface?” Them asked. “So you can talk to him?”
Pollyanna hastily shook her head. “No, don’t do that. You’ll anger her. If you truly want to help me, which I would greatly appreciate, I need you to treat Taylor like you would a man. That will bring him back out.”
Them stroked his chin thoughtfully. “Will anything bad happen if I do that? Taylor won’t go away, will she?”
“Don’t worry,” Pollyanna assured him. “So long as we don’t always treat him like a man, we can always bring Taylor back out, too.”
Them’s wisp friend, Pete, chimed in in its language that Pollyanna could not understand, and Them nodded slowly.
“We’ll think about it. How does that sound?” Them finally replied.
Pollyanna nodded slowly. It’s a good start. Just have to bring him the rest of the way around.
Aloud she said, “I can’t imagine Taylor is the kindest of women to romance. She was on the verge of killing you during training. Was she that violent toward you on the dream plains? That is where you said you first met her, correct?”
Them frowned deeply, taking a sip of water. “She isn’t always amiable, but she must have her reasons.”
Pollyanna knew how to play him when he admitted that. Taylor is clearly crazy. I need to show him just how crazy she can be.
Chapter Twenty-Six: A Love of Chains
Late into the night, Maruka was on the battlements with his back pushed up against a parapet--fending off doppelgangers with the rest of the recruits. Maruka sometimes had three shifts a day as captain out on the battlefield, and it could get exhausting. Continuously, he would look down below and loose arrows upon the doppelgangers who endlessly cropped up from the barren earth below.
He was beginning to feel extreme fatigue settle upon his muscles as he fired what felt like his five-hundredth arrow that night at a doppelganger who was dashing toward the fortress.
Maruka’s forehead glistened with sweat. He wiped it with a gulp.
“You look tired, sir.” Said a female human to his right. “Why don’t you go to bed?”
Maruka shook his head, peering behind the parapet and launching another arrow upon a doppelganger—saving an elf from being killed by a doppelganger on the battlefield down below. “They need me…”
The human woman continued telling him that he needed sleep if he were to be more effective, but he stopped listening because of what he saw on the battlefield.
A lone, green tree stuck out like a sore thumb upon the brown earth down below. Little droplets of light cascaded down from the emerald leaves; the entire tree looked like it belonged to a different world.
Maruka’s fingers froze on the bow.
He could feel his heart thudding in his chest. His black eyes remained fixed on the out-of-place tree.
“Maruka!” The human woman shook his shoulder before loosing an arrow and saving the life of a waif down below.
Maruka snapped back to reality—shaking his head.
The human woman looked at him kindly, placing a concerned hand on his shoulder, “You need to rest…”
Maruka’s fingers shook as he wiped more sweat from his brow.
“Perhaps you’re right. I’ll wake someone else to take over for me—I fear I a-a-am beginning to see things.” Maruka admitted. 
He crawled away from the parapet—suddenly too scared and dizzy to stand—and headed for the door leading inside the tower. His muscles nearly failed him as he crawled--as if he were beset by an invisible assailant. He reached the door, threw it open, and then hurriedly shut it behind him.
He took a deep breath and murmuring to himself as he walked through the empty, dark hallways, “I must be seeing things. She can’t possibly find me here.”
Maruka moved woodenly, listening to his footsteps echo as he made his way through a maze of uniform hallways that one could easily get lost in, if one didn’t know their way through it.
Momentarily, Maruka stopped in his tracks. He swore he heard another pair of footsteps echoing throughout the hallway. 
He stood there for a moment, anxiously rubbing his arms and glancing over his shoulder, but no one was there. In a moment, he continued on his way, but he swore the second set of footsteps kept getting louder and louder.
When he turned the corner, he bumped into a recruit. His heart nearly leapt out of his torso, but when he realized it was only his fellow captain, Sean, he brightened. 
“Hello, Maruka.” Sean said.
“Sean, I need you to go out there and take over. I’m overtired. W-w-w-wake me if you need me. I’ve had to do far too many shifts today.” Maruka said.
Sean nodded, and went on his way.
Maruka continued on to his quarters. His quarters were spacious--as a prize of becoming captain came with some nice perks--but cluttered. He wasn’t a very organized person at all, and papers and clothes were strewn across his floor. Maruka did a thorough search of his room to make sure there were no monsters, and then went to sleep.
__
An hour before sunrise, Maruka began to have fitful nightmares about the raging, untamed sea and the things that lurked within it. He tossed and turned until he could have sworn he felt rough fingers dragging across his chest. He awoke with a yell, grabbing the sword he had left leaning against his bedside.
He looked around frantically but saw no one.
Sweat clung to him; he rolled out of bed to cool off. He leaned against the wall, wishing his head would stop hammering and his muscles didn’t feel so stiff.
He closed his eyes and slowly, he calmed down. He thought he might be able to go back to sleep for an hour or so until--
Maruka felt rough fingers dragging across his back and he spun around with a gasp. He pasted himself against the cold, iron wall at what he saw. “No! No… I escaped you!”
The woman who had dragged her wooden fingers across his back snapped them.
A golden, shining collar made of magic appeared around Maruka’s neck; a thin, yellow string wrapped around her finger was attached to the collar, binding her to Maruka. The woman made of wood twisted the ring on her finger twice, dragging Maruka closer. The man fell to his knees, gasping for breath—his fingers clawing desperately to remove the collar.
The magical cord between them shortened further as the woman stepped closer. She placed her fingers on his shoulders and asked him with a grin on her face, “Did you really think getting yourself into trouble with the dwarven king and getting sent here could keep me away from you? You can’t tell me you weren’t happy being my slave—you wanted for nothing under my care! Shall we get you somewhere safe? Somewhere where you will be warm and fed?”
Maruka barely managed to choke out through the collar strangling him, “Just kill me. P-p-p-please just kill me. I won’t be your slave a moment longer—I’d rather die!”
The dryad silently snapped her fingers, and the collar around his neck loosened.
The dryad knelt, looking him in the eyes. “Before me, you were a mindless seal wasting away in the ocean, selkie! I gave you a purpose—a grand purpose when I stole your skin! Remember how grateful you were when I saved you?”
“I was foolish… I didn’t know you were… abusing me—taking advantage of my naivety, until I felt sick to my stomach and I didn’t know why...” Maruka cried. “K-k-k-kill me, unless you intend to treat me as a human instead of a slave!”
The dryad wrapped his shuddering form in her wooden arms. “But you are not a human! You are a selkie! There is no greater pleasure than being a slave--you know how much I miss it… We have a mission to accomplish, remember? The last Arrozan is here, isn’t he? And so is his slave, Pollyanna? You must tell me all you know of them! Perhaps we can use them to our advantage.”
Maruka fell apart in her arms. He knew there was no escape. All he could do was lessen his pain in being her slave. He bitterly blinked tears out of his eyes and replied, “H-howow did you get in here?”
“It was quite easy. The only ones who can get in and out are Astral Elves, so I kidnapped one and forced him to carve a way through the shield for me.” The dryad whispered in his ear.
Maruka whispered softly, “What did you do with his body?”
“I returned it to the earth, of course.” The dryad answered as she kissed his neck gently. “You’ll help me, right? We need those two to proceed with our plan.”
Maruka could muster no words.
He was hers again, and there was nothing he could do to change that sad fact. The Antlers had spoken.
Chapter Twenty-Seven: The Cost
“I don’t know what to do, Francis! He won’t let me leave!” Kori exclaimed with glassy eyes to the elf on the other side of the bars.
Francis rolled his eyes. “Ah, those who are not elves are so foolish—nearly outright sobbing in front of their enemies… You want to save Maribel, don’t you, little waif?”
“Of course I do, but—”
“There’s no but. If you love your kingdom, you’ll save it. You shouldn’t need permission to save your kingdom—even from your king.” Francis interrupted her—folding his arms across his chest.
Kori frowned. “It’s easy for you to say! How do I know you’re not just encouraging me so that you can be freed and then escape?”
Francis shrugged nonchalantly. “You’ll never know until you do it, I suppose. You have the upperhand right now, but you won’t when the queen comes knocking. You better do whatever you’re going to do fast.”
Kori closed her eyes, squeezing tears out of her ducts. “I have to convince him… How would you convince your queen?”
Francis snorted. “I would debase myself—that’s the only way she listens to anyone whose opinion she does not deem worthy of hearing. I’m not sure you’re willing to lower yourself the way I have, though.”
Kori’s cheeks were hot with embarrassment. It’s as if he knows about my affair with Laurence.
“I don’t know what I’m to do…” Kori continued helplessly. “I can’t let Maribel be invaded. How will I convince him? How can I possibly make him understand?”
Francis hadn’t looked her in the eyes for more than a moments since she had arrived. Now, he looked at her compassionately. “Little waif, now is not the time to cower before your king. If you want my queen to lower your debt—if you want to erase the fact that you captured me, if you want a future for your kingdom where you and the people of Maribel remain free, you must stop at nothing to either convince the king to free me, or free me without his permission—even if you have to… Threaten him.”
Kori was about to vehemently protest, but she found that the words were caught in her throat.
She knew he had a point.
She felt tears beginning to gather in her already glassy eyes. She wanted to show no weakness in front of a foreign elf, so she dusted off her dress and dashed up the stairs so he would not see her tears. She decided to go to her quarters and think out what she wanted to do next. She knew what she had to do, but she wasn’t sure she could go through with it. She hugged her knees in silence as she sat on her bed.
On the one hand, she didn’t want to lose her king, her first friend outside of Trella, and her lover. On the other hand, she didn’t want to lose the kingdom that had accepted her and the people who had welcomed her with open arms to the rule of a foreign queen.
A fire which had been dwelling deep down in her soul suddenly began to roar.
He took Eory from me. He killed his dog; he would have killed him when he meant him no harm. Kori reminded herself to stoke the flame.
She stood up determinedly, willing to do what it took to save the kingdom. She marched to her door, completely intending to threaten the king, but then, as she placed her hand on the knob…
She leaned her forehead against the door, tears rolling down her cheeks, and remembered a time long gone when the world, once unbelievably dark and cruel to her, had suddenly become warm and kind.
__
Kori had been banished from Trella and had emerged from the shady woods into brilliant sunlight. Because waifs were nocturnal creatures, the sun nearly blinded her eyes, as they were unused to its bright rays. She was exhausted; she was starving and had run out of food and water a day before; her lips were chapped, she felt unimaginably dizzy. The green grass, waving in the wind, swam beneath her eyes. She collapsed on her stomach.
Pained tears relentlessly spilled down her cheeks. “I shall die here… Maybe it’s for the better. I have no one left…”
She closed her eyes, expecting to die, but was shocked when she weakly opened her eyes some time later, feeling the ground rumbling beneath her fingers. In the distance, she heard whistling being carried on the peaceful wind which kissed her hot skin. The whistling kept getting closer and closer--perhaps it was an enemy, perhaps it was a friend--but Kori didn’t care. She thought she was done for.
“What’s that? Good god! It’s a woman!” She heard something much bigger than a waif hit the ground nearby and rush to her side.
A human man rolled her onto her back with a strong hand. “A waif! Are you okay? Hold on, I have some water.” The man retrieved a flask out of his pack which was hanging from his horse, and manually sat Kori up so she could swallow the water. It went down easily, and Kori never thought she could ever be so grateful for a drop of water.
She turned her head to the side, letting the water hit the floor after a moment. “Don’t waste water on me. I am a shame to all waifs; I’m a waste of life.”
The man turned her chin back, encouraging her to drink the water. “There’s no such thing as a waste of life. I can see the fire in your eyes; you can’t hide your will to live…”
Kori blinked slowly and gazed at the man who already captured her naïve heart. “Who are you…?”
“My name is Laurence. What’s yours?”
“Kori.”
__
Kori quickly wiped tears from her eyes. “I love you, but I have to do this to you. You have lost your way, and I will be your wisp and get you back on the right path. I’m doing this for you as well as the kingdom!”
With no more reservations and doubts, she threw her door open. Out in the hallway, she asked a maid running by whether she had seen Laurence.
“He’s in the garden with the queen.” The maid answered.
“Thank you.” Kori replied.
She descended to the first floor of the castle, down two staircases and watched the king through an open arch connecting the hallway to the garden.
He was playing with his child with Queen Harriet in tow--laughing gaily while they tickled their child. Kori lost some of her resolve. I can’t do this to him now… Not when he’s having so much fun…
And the waif turned away and took two steps back into the hallway before the elf’s voice echoed in her head. You must stop at nothing to either convince the king or free me without his permission—even if you have to… Threaten him.
Kori spun around and clenched her fists. If not now, then when? I must be strong.
Kori marched out into the garden with resolve in her heart.
Queen Harriet waved to her cheerfully. “Hello Kori! Harold was just saying he wanted to play with you!” Kori smiled sweetly at the young prince, who lovingly embraced her. “Play with me, Kori! Play with me! Conjure some magic and—"
“I’d love to, but I’m a little busy right now. I have urgent business with Laurence.” Kori interrupted, meeting Laurence’s eyes accusingly. Laurence folded his arms across his chest, unable to hide his tenseness; he said a little too snippily to his family, “Leave us.”
Queen Harriet was surprised at his tone, but obeyed without question. She grabbed Harold’s hand, leading him out of the garden. Kori locked eyes with the king unflinchingly. King Laurence looked back at her—wondering just what she was planning.
“Laurence, I’m not playing games with you. Let me release the elf with your blessing, or I will tell Harriet of our affair.” Kori demanded with stony eyes once Harriet and Harold had gone.
Laurence’s mouth was agape—he was astonished at the lengths she was willing to go to. “You wouldn’t dare! You’re too kind—too sweet! Unless that monster Eory has rubbed off on you!”
Kori turned her back on him. “She’s still nearby. I’ll go tell her right now.”
“E-even if you did, she would not believe you! She is a wonderful, loyal wife—” 
“She might not believe it at first,” Kori agreed. “But it would stick in her mind—and it wouldn’t just be her I tell. I would tell as many people as I could, and they would drag our names through the mud until it would be all Harriet could think of. Your reputation and hers would be ruined.” The moment hung in the air--as if the nastiness of it had fouled it.
Kori didn’t know why, but she was shaking. Laurence plodded toward her slowly, his feet crunching through the leaves on the ground. He grabbed her shoulders, eyes searing into her flesh. “You heartless bitch! Why would you ruin a wonderful marriage like this? Why should you drag my reputation through the mud and make the people doubt me? I saved your life!”
Kori froze under his gaze. Her eyebrows knitted as angry tears ran down her cheeks.
“Answer me!” Laurence yelled, slapping her across the face.
Kori put a hand to her cheek with blank eyes and murmured, “They already have reason to doubt you if you won’t even bother with trying to save their kingdom.”
Laurence raised his hand again; Kori turned her cheek defensively.
His hand wavered in the air.
Laurence lowered it in a moment with a gasp of frustration. He turned his back to her. “You have my blessing. Take the elf and go.”
Kori’s face lit up for a moment, but then it turned to a frown when she realized she may have lost the man she loved forever. She turned toward the castle hallway and said through a lump in her throat, “Thank you, Laurence.”
__
With Laurence’s blessing, Kori made plans and preparations to set out to Alanheim, the kingdom of the elves.
First, she oversaw a letter Francis wrote to the queen to make sure it said what she wanted it to say, and would put her in good standing with the queen. Francis then sent it to the queen via carrier pigeon. After that, she made preparations to set out, packing bags with supplies and urging the twenty soldiers Laurence allowed her to bring to do the same.  Laurence didn’t even come to see her off when she left the kingdom two days later with Francis in tow.
It broke her heart.
Chapter Twenty-Eight: Sleepless
Because Taylor had slept so much during the day, she found that she was sleepless at night. She opened her eyes after tossing and turning, remembering that Them had fallen asleep next to her at her request. Her rosy eyes met his sleeping face dazedly.
She brushed her fingertips against his cheek affectionately.
She brought her face inches closer to his. She enjoyed his even breathing which was gently brushing her face.
I don’t know why I’m so scared to let you kiss me when I kissed Pollyanna so fearlessly earlier… Taylor thought to herself.
Taylor’s heart was thudding when she had kissed Pollyanna earlier. Not because she was scared, but because she knew Pollyanna didn’t want it. 
It was a dark and cruel kiss. She knew Pollyanna only liked men, and that she did not approve of same-sex romance, and yet she foisted a kiss upon her anyway. She pushed down her regrets of making the old woman so uncomfortable. She’s probably been through enough…
Despite her feeling pity for the old woman after thrusting an unwanted kiss upon her, she found her lips drawing closer to Them’s, even though it was a disturbing thing to do while his eyes were closed. Somehow, she managed to stop herself before following through with the kiss. She ended up flipping on her side away from him with a deep-set frown.
You want him to kiss you. Just tell him. The man suggested.
Taylor closed her eyes and hugged her stomach. It was nice to be hugged by someone—even if it was herself.
At his words, her mind drifted off to a kiss she had already shared with Them. It was preferable than thinking about one that she wanted, but was too scared to have.
Her mind returned her to that empty field—to when she had enticed Them with not only a kiss, but the possibility of escaping the dream plains upon which he was marooned.
***
She heard Them counting to ten with his eyes closed while she dashed through the grassy field with a high-pitched giggle.
“One, two, three…” Them murmured with his back facing her.
As she ran, she changed the dream environment from that of a grassy, open field to that of a heavily forested area and then climbed up a tree. He’ll never find me! She thought to herself with an excited smile.
“Ten! I’ll find you, beautiful!” Them finished counting and called out to her.
Taylor stopped by a tree, climbing up the trunk and into the branches. She brushed her hair out of her face, looking down at the forest beneath her—steadying herself by keeping a hand on the trunk of the tree.
She could hear Them whistling from far away—her muscles tensed in response to his slow, plodding approach. The whistling became louder the closer he came. Peering down from above, Taylor could begin to see the waif slowly coming into view.
She blushed as an errant thought ran through her head, his hair looks soft as a pillow.
Them continued plodding, stopping under the tree.
She bit back a fearful gasp.
“I wonder where she might be?” Them wondered aloud as he spun around in a tight circle.
“Might she be… Up in this tree!” Them stood on his tip-toes, grabbing Taylor’s braid that was draping down below the branch, in plain sight.
Taylor yelped, quickly hopping down from the tree—shifting the dreamscape so she landed on a soft pile of flowers—and then continuing to dash away from Them who called after her, “I found you! You have to tell me how to get out now!”
“Not until you kiss me!” Taylor reminded him.
Them chased her and chased her, and on his tiny legs, it wasn’t easy to catch up. Eventually, however, Taylor began to slow her pace on purpose, wanting to be caught. This allowed him to tackle her—they both crumpled to the ground in a heap.
He ended up with his strong arms on either side of her torso—staring down at her mischievous face. Them returned her mischievous look with a questioning frown.
Taylor found that her hands were nervous, but also tingly. She hung her arms around his neck. “Well, go on! You caught me!”
Them rolled his eyes, smiling brightly. The kiss didn’t matter so much to him; he just wanted to find his way out of the dream plains. Taylor realized that it was odd to keep her eyes open when Them’s were closed, so she decided to close hers as well.
Them gave her a quick kiss on the lips. Taylor liked it a lot, even if it was brief. She stared up at the sky, mesmerized by the warmth the kiss made her feel. She smiled. “Again! But longer!”
Them looked into her eyes curiously. “Are you sure? Women typically don’t like to--”
Taylor shoved her lips against his, and now, his eyes were open whiles hers were closed. He blinked rapidly in surprise, but shrugged in a moment. He couldn’t complain if a pretty girl wanted to kiss him. They kept kissing until Taylor had trouble breathing, and reluctantly set him free. Them pushed himself to a sitting position once they were done and said playfully, “Now tell me the way out, you miscreant.” Taylor felt dirty and elated--confused, happy, and like she should hide the fact that she had enjoyed being kissed for some reason.
Taylor sat up, pressing a palm against her reeling head. “Um, it’s…”
Them’s impatient face turned to one of compassionate. “Are you okay…?”
“I’m fine! If you’re in such a hurry to be going, then I’ll tell you the way out!” Taylor snapped.
“Well, I would like to come back.” Them assured her. “Don’t worry.” He looked her up and down with eyes that made her blush. “I’m not sure I want to live a life where I never get to see you again...”
Taylor turned her chin up at him. “I don’t care if I never see you again! Now, the way out is to simply to pinch yourself and to concentrate your magic in your eyes. After that, you merely have to imagine yourself wherever you are in the real world, and you’ll be back in your own body again.”
“I truly do want to see you again, though…” Them said, scratching his chin. “When will you be around? Let’s set a time! I just have to make sure I know how to get back, too.”
A warm breeze filled in the awkward, silent moment. Taylor lowered her eyes. “I’ll be around any time…”
Them was silent for a moment, wondering exactly what she meant, but he shrugged and asked, “How about a hug before I go?”
Taylor gave a half-hearted nod in response.
Them encircled her in his arms; she looked over his shoulder with wide eyes. She hadn't been hugged in so long. She sniffled in his embrace.
After that, he pinched himself awake and disappeared.
Taylor was alone after that again.
She at once delighted at the calming of her heart after the stress of meeting someone, and wrung her hands at losing the only company she might ever have.
__
Taylor came back to reality, hauling herself out of bed after dozing off in that sleepless memory. She creaked the door open to hear someone’s sniffling nearby.
I wonder who it is? She thought to herself as she stepped out.
Chapter Twenty-Nine: Drowning in Compassion
Taylor walked down the dark hallway, following the sound of the mysterious sobbing. It echoed, and was very loud in her sensitive fairy ears. Following the sound led her down the stairs and into a large hall where a yellow pattern in the shape of the sun was emboldened on the otherwise black floor.
Her rosy eyes scanned the room—looking for the culprit who was making the noise. The whole room was enshadowed in grim, dark red lighting, and no torches were lit this late at night. Outside, she heard the whipping and howling of a violent wind, but it did nothing to muffle the sounds of the sobbing. Her eyes zeroed in on the small, sobbing form of Maruka, hugging his knees in the corner of the hall.
Taylor smirked, leaning on one hip. Sweet revenge. That’s what he gets for locking up my powers!
Taylor realized now was a good time to try and figure out if there were a way out of the contract. She straightened her nightgown, approaching the black-eyed man with a confident stride. He didn’t even see her coming; his eyes were buried in his knees.
She stopped in front of him, looking down her nose at him. She was about to taunt him, but he lifted his black eyes and revealed sorrowful tears streaming down his cheeks. He wiped them with embarrassment and asked, “Oh, the Arrozan girl. What are you doing u-up?”
The smirk melted from Taylor’s face when she looked at Maruka’s sad eyes.
The pair gazed at each other silently for a moment, and suddenly, Taylor found empathy overwhelming her; in fact, she was swallowed by it. And Eory surfaced instead.
The fairy knelt, looking the sobbing Maruka in the eyes. “What’s wrong?”
Maruka siffled and laughed bitterly. “Y-you don’t have to pretend to be compassionate, girl. I know you couldn’t care less about me.”
Eory crossed his arms across his knees and smiled brightly. “Actually… I’m not Taylor.”
Maruka cocked his head to the side with an incredulous smile. “You can’t f-fool me with such nonsense. You have the same voice and face as Taylor—you must be Taylor. I wish I could say I was sorry about inhibiting your powers, but I’m not.”
Eory’s chuckle caught the selkie by surprise. “Actually, I’m pretty happy you inhibited them. I don’t feel like such a danger to everyone now… I’m pretty worthless without my powers, though.”
Maruka looked at the fairy’s face searchingly. Something told him that he was, indeed, no longer speaking to the same person “…Who are y-you?”
Eory plopped down and crossed his legs with a warm smile. “My name is Eory. I… I made a lot of mistakes, which is why I thought it was best for me to go here.”
Maruka shook his head with a thoughtful look on his face. “Y-you seem sincere, b-but there can’t be two people in one body.”
You stupid fool! Taylor practically screamed in his head. Get him to tell you about the contract!
“There’s… A little known fact about fairies…” Eory said, scratching his cheek and reaching for back into both his own and Taylor’s memories. “While we are born a certain sex, it is very suceptible to change early on in our lives, and if we are treated as the opposite sex and not called by our names, it’s easy to change sexes. My mother decided she wanted a boy instead of a girl when I turned six, so she made me into one, but then…”
Eory explained it all through a pained lump in his throat, and Maruka listened with fascination. Maruka’s eyes went from wet to dry as he listened to Eory’s tale, and at the end of it, he merely said, “It’s a little hard to believe… But I can honestly say I-I-I don’t feel like I’m talking to the same person I was earlier today. I think there must be some truth to it.” Maruka looked down. He could almost feel Eory’s pain as the fairy recounted his tale--including the part where he agreed to be sent to the Crater. “I don’t see why you felt the need to punish yourself; it seems like you were acting in self-defense. I feel like I should release you from the contract i-if… There were a way, that is. Y-you don’t belong here. You’re a good person.”
Eory was stunned. “You think so…?”
“Of course. You were locked in that tower your whole life and you wanted to make a good-faith effort to show you were not a threat to the world. You did nothing wrong; it was the king w-who b-betrayed your trust… And Pollyanna.” Maruka replied sincerely. He laughed in a moment. “Here I am moping around about nothing, and yet you’ve been treated like a criminal all your life and you’ve done nothing wrong. Keeping you locked in that tower was beyond cruel.”
Eory cupped his chin on his palms and replied, “To be honest, I kind of miss that tower…”
Maruka nearly laughed because he was so surprised. “You must be joking. What’s there to miss in a prison like that?”
Eory nearly went beet-red with embarrassment when he realized how ignorant and silly the statement sounded. He must think I’m stupid… “I don’t know… A lot of things. It was really safe in there and predictable. I had someone who loved me in there, too. All I’ve done is mess up out here and… Nobody likes me; nobody will even give me a chance to show I have something to offer this world—but I suppose they have a right. I killed so many soldiers in the king’s regiment, and Pollyanna did, too; All we do is leave a trail of bodies behind us wherever we go.”
Maruka’s heart ached at what a warped view this poor fairy had of himself. He seems so kind and so naive. The human king was clearly in the wrong.
“If it weren’t for Taylor, I-I would take that bracelet off your wrist.” Maruka decided with a bright smile, standing up, dusting off his night robe. “But she’s too dangerous to do that.”
Eory nodded sadly, rising to his own feet. “I understand…”
“I’m sorry. All I did was blabber about myself when I approached you to ask why you were crying. What’s wrong?” Eory asked gently.
Maruka couldn’t meet the fairy’s eyes as he answered, “Someone… Someone is hurting me. I-I'm a P-prisoner.”
“A prisoner?” Eory repeated.
Maruka nodded. “It’s my own fault... There’s nothing you can do to help, but it was so kind of you to try.”
Eory could see the weight of something immeasurably heavy weighing on Maruka’s shoulders, and he knew that he wasn’t willing to tell him what it was. Eory clasped his hands in front of him and said meekly, “Well… If you ever want to tell me, I’ll be here to listen.”
Eory turned on his heel—intending to go back to bed—but Maruka called out to him. “You said you love art, right?”
Eory turned around and nodded eagerly; he had mentioned that while he told Maruka about his past.
“There’s a room I’ve been wanting to paint. I’d love if you could help me sometime.” Maruka suggested.
“I’d like that, too!” Eory agreed cheerfully.
Eory began climbing the stairs back to his quarters. Taylor resurfaced during the climb, shaking with anger. “You didn’t ask him how to get out of the contract. You’re going to get us all killed.”
I’m not going to manipulate him. I told you; I’m happy being here and doing the right thing. Eory answered.
Taylor smirked. “I can hear your innermost thoughts. I know that deep down you were thinking you might be able to convince him to tell you the way out.”
Eory went silent, and Taylor was happy to have made him shut up.
Chapter 30: Love
Pollyanna caught up with Them for breakfast the next day in the mess hall; as always, his wisp friend, Pete, was there with him. Pollyanna had already been served a plate of eggs and bacon, and stayed Them before he could go sit by Taylor. “So… Did you talk to her? Did you treat her like a man?”
Them cleared his throat awkwardly. “Well, I kind of ended up sleeping with her.”
The dark look on Pollyanna’s face made Them shrink in fright.
By Sherne! She looks like an angry bull! He thought to himself.
“You slept with that innocent boy who knows nothing about the world…” Pollyanna murmured lowly, taking a step closer to Them.
Them laughed awkwardly. “You misunderstand! I merely slept in the same bed as her—I didn’t touch her at all! She was lonely and wanted company--she asked me to sleep with her.”
There was a storm in Pollyanna’s head, and the waif would be dead where he stood if not for Eory sitting nearby. As it was, she had to swallow her rage. She forced herself to calm down. “Do you think coddling her will bring Eory back out? She needs to stand on her own two feet like a proper man!”
Them frowned deeply--holding his head high and trying to look tall, despite the fact that Pollyanna dwarfed him in height. “You think men don’t get scared? You think men don’t like company every now and again? She has no friends or family! The only person she had when she arrived was you! And you started ignoring her! Fearlessness isn’t a male trait—it’s a Pollyanna trait—and I can only imagine how hellish a trait it is! You need no one, and that’s the saddest thing about you!.”
“Are you going to help me or not?” Pollyanna hissed. She appealed to the waif’s better nature because she knew it was the best way to convince and manipulate him. “You may be right; I am a lonely woman, and Eory is my only friend. Won’t you please help me bring him back out so I can talk to him?”
Them was a sucker for Pollyanna’s tears which he didn’t realize were half-real and half-forced. He looked down at his feet. “What do you suggest I do?”
“Tell her she’ll look prettier with short hair; don’t let her hang on you as you have been.” Pollyanna told him sternly. “Keep her at a friendly distance.”
Them looked thoughtful for a moment, but he ended up nodding. “Very well. Why don’t you come sit with us? I’m sure Eory misses you deep down…”
Pollyanna thought long and hard about whether she should. Eventually, she shrugged. “It couldn’t hurt to just sit next to him, I suppose…”
Pollyanna and Them sat on either side of the fairy, who narrowed her eyes at Pollyanna. “Where have you been? I could have gotten killed without you!”
Pollyanna looked at the fairy’s indignant face intently. It seemed to be becoming more and more feminine by the day, and it hurt her unexpectedly to see it happening. “You can clearly handle yourself. However, you can order me to protect you, and I will, of course.”
Them, who was listening to the conversation, wondered just why Pollyanna seemed to take all her orders so seriously. She was the most loyal person ever to exist, it seemed, and he wondered what kind of hold the Arrozan Royal Family had on her to make her so loyal.
“You’re right, I don’t need you to protect me!” Taylor retorted foolishly—speaking without thinking. “But… But it is your duty as the Arrozan Sword to do so!”
Pollyanna plopped an egg into her mouth and asked snidely, “Don’t tell me you were missing me?”
“No! Of course not! But you just stood by and watched that… That Maruka humiliate me!” Taylor said with a trembling voice.
“I’m willing to help you learn how to use a sword if you wish—that way, you won’t have to worry about anyone catching you alone.” Pollyanna knew such an activity could only help bring Eory back out.
Taylor cleared her throat, sinking in her chair. “I suppose… It would be good to learn.”
Pollyanna smiled. “Your wish is my command.”
“With us helping you, you’ll be able to fight like a pro in no time!” Them exclaimed. At Pollyanna’s sidelong glance, he added, “but you’ve got to stand on your own two feet, too!”
Taylor looked at both her companions confusedly, wondering why they were suddenly getting along so well. “I shouldn’t have to learn to fight! I have magic that’s more powerful than—”
“You can’t rely on that right now. You need to learn a skill.” Them interrupted.
Pollyana was shocked that he was being so helpful, and she turned her head away for a moment with a smirk to herself, ensuring that neither the fair nor the waif could see her do so.
“Speaking of which, why don’t you let me cut your hair… I bet you’d look very cute with it short, and you can fight without worrying about it getting in your eyes, too.” Them gave the fairy a look that Pollyanna could mistake as nothing other than bedroom eyes as he brushed the back of his blue hand against her golden braid.
Taylor batted her eyes. “You think so? You don’t think I’d look like a boy?”
“You could never look like a boy!” Them assured her.
Pollyanna continued eating, letting Taylor and Them do the rest of the talking while she did so. She was a quiet woman at the best of times, and her mind was preoccupied, anyway. Nonetheless, she listened closely to the conversation, hoping the waif would continue treating Taylor like a man. She was pleased when he kept the fairy at arm’s length and treated her like a companion rather than a lover.
__
The old warrior-maiden was bored for the most part during the training session with Maruka. She had learned how to kill the doppelgangers and didn’t need to learn how to fight; she could kill anyone in the room if she wished. The rest felt like busywork.
Maruka debated who he would have fight at the beginning of the session.
He locked eyes with Taylor and he said, “Eory, come here. I’ll fight you myself.”
Pollyanna watched curiously, wondering how Maruka knew Eory’s name. The fairy girl pouted. She wouldn’t budge an inch.
Maruka smiled a warm smile. “Don’t be shy! You’re very far behind in training from yesterday—I want to help!”
Pollyanna watched Taylor’s posture loosen; the girl went from haughty and defensive to self-conscious and nervous.
She smiled. She was no longer looking at Taylor; she was looking at Eory. Eory stepped forward and entered the ring with Maruka.
“I a-am speaking to Eory, correct?” Maruka asked.
Eory nodded silently.
Pollyanna’s eyes widened. Eory…
Eory stared at his feet, too nervous to look anyone in the eyes. Maruka smiled at the fairy’s shyness. “D-don’t worry, I’ll go easy on you.”
Maruka grabbed a wooden sword from one of the racks and tossed it to Eory, who couldn’t catch it. It clattered to the ground.
The whole room erupted in laughter.
Pollyanna shot the room an ugly glare. She didn’t care when they mocked Taylor, but Eory was a different story. The room silenced at her angry glare; they all knew from fighting her yesterday what a terror she was in battle.
Eory picked the sword up with nervous fingers.
I can teach him. There’s no greater swordsman than me—I want the job for myself! Pollyanna thought to herself. But then, a different thought clashed with that one. But I don’t want him to learn… I want him to stay harmless and sweet.
“Keep your grip very loose,” Maruka explained, showing Eory the grip he should have on his own sword.
Eory imitated the dark-eyed man’s grip as best he could. “That’s good—y-y-you’re very smart.”
Eory smiled at that—becoming more confident, wishing to learn more if only to earn more praise.
“Now, right foot and left foot forward—very good. Bend both your knees—excellent, that’s the basic stance you want.” Maruka nodded his approval. “I’ll show you some blocks now. Keep your blade vertical.”
Pollyanna watched with her heart pounding. Feelings that she had not felt since she was much young fluttered their way into her stomach.
Eory looked happy training with Maruka. She realized just how much she wanted to train him—how much she wanted to make him smile like that--but she didn’t know how. It was an ability long beyond her reach
What am I thinking? What am I doing? Why should I care if he stays Taylor forever? My only goal should be to protect him. Pollyanna thought to herself. 
__
“So you’re Eory!” Them exclaimed while he, Polyanna, and Eory ate dinner together after a full day of training. “I must say, you’re just as beautiful as Taylor, but that’s to be expected, right?” he chuckled to himself.
Eory was slumped in his chair. His smile from earlier had left his face.
Pollyanna was staring forward, concentrating on eating her peas—trying to ignore Eory and the feelings she felt toward him/
Them leaned over and whispered to Pete, “I think they’re definitely having some kind of tiff…”
Clearly, you dolt. I would guess that she threw herself at him and he rejected her. Who could blame him? She’s sort of an eyesore.
Them gasped. He thought to himself, scandalous!
“On the other hand,” Them continued, practically talking to himself. “You do seem quite a bit sweeter than her, which is a little shocking… You know, I promised her I’d teach her how to use a bow earlier and… Hey, you should eat.” Them said worriedly, noticing the fairy hadn’t eaten a bite.
Pollyanna glanced down at Eory’s plate. She said gruffly, “Eat.”
Eory nibbled at the food. Them said to him cheerfully, “Well, we promised Taylor we would cut her hair. What do you say, Eory?”
Eory shrugged. “Okay.”
Pollyanna nodded in approval. “We’ll cut it after we eat.
__
Them and Pollyanna sat the reemerged Eory down in an empty room after their silent dinner together where Them did most of the talking.
Them handed Pollyanna a sharp, small knife. “Girls know how to cut hair, right?”
Pollyanna made a face. She did know how to cut hair, but only because she had lived for so very long that it was one of the many skills that a long life allowed her to learn.
Eory had been quiet the whole time around both Them and Pollyanna since he had reemerged. He had been giving Pollyanna the most disappointed looks he could muster. She never thought it was possible for someone to make her feel badly about the things she had done in her past, but Eory was managing it.
No, she didn’t feel bad about them. She merely felt bad that Eory disapproved of them.
Pollyanna first undid the ties from Eory’s hair, undoing his long braid. There was an explosion of beautiful, pale blond hair that fanned out in all directions when she unraveled it. Pollyanna didn’t know what to say to Eory while he was in control of his body. She knew it better be something to keep him around, however. She started by saying quietly, “I don’t know why you ran away from me. I’m here to protect you.”
“Because you’re an evil woman.” Eory answered, his voice barely above a whisper.
Pollyanna grabbed a great deal of Eory’s hair in her fingers and began chopping away. “I may be an evil woman, but I’m an evil woman who will keep you safe. I…”
Pollyanna cast an angry glance at Them.
“Oh, should I leave?” Them asked.
Pollyanna nodded, and Eory didn’t voice an opinion. Them ended up leaving—not wanting to anger the old woman. Pollyanna continued. “I have to do everything you say, so you can make me do good things now.”
Eory closed his eyes bitterly and fought a lump in his throat. “I don’t want you to do good things because I tell you to do them. I want you to do them because they’re the right thing to do.”
Eory’s face twitched a little at the sound of the knife slicing through his hair—although Pollyanna was being very gentle.
“I don’t see my actions as good or bad, Eory. I see them as self-preserving.” Pollyanna answered plainly.
“You said earlier that I would never make it to Paradise if I kissed a boy.” Eory said as Pollyanna tilted his head back with a strong hand. “Surely you must believe in a right and a wrong if you believe there’s a Paradise.”
Pollyanna snorted. “The thought of two boys and two girls kissing is repulsive to me regardless. I have religion ingrained in me--so I just say things like that.”
“But you kissed Taylor… You kissed me, and I have female parts right now.” Eory reminded her.
“Yes, well, you see my point. We all have to do things we find repulsive from time-to-time.” Pollyanna reaffirmed.
Eory sighed. “How can you live like that? Not believing in anything—discarding wrong and right because they don’t serve you?”
Pollyanna cut off another inch of hair with precision, exposing Eory’s neck. She stopped for a moment. Her eyes glazed over with longing at how kissable the back of his soft, ivory neck looked. She shook away her desires after a moment with a shake of her head.
“Because morals don’t exist. The only reason anything has moral value is because we assign it that value. If an animal kills another animal, we call it nature—but if a human or another intelligent creature does it, it’s suddenly wrong. There’s no difference between intelligent creatures and animals to me.” Pollyanna explained.
There were long moments of silence as Pollyanna perfected Eory’s haircut, and then he finally said to her, “I loved you. I loved you so much.”
Pollyanna paused and her heart thudded. “I know you did. But it wasn’t me you loved. It was that picture of me you had built up in your mind.”
Pollyanna roughly ran the knife through Eory’s hair a few more times in frustration. “How much of love do you really understand? You probably understand it as a thumping in your heart—a sick feeling in your stomach--perhaps you even understand that people make love when they like one another… But I doubt you understand that love does not exist. We intelligent creatures merely see something that we think is pretty and have a desire to see it naked. It overrides all our senses. If love existed... there would be more to it than sex.”
--“What if I ordered you to make love to me? Would you enjoy it? Surely you wouldn’t—I’m sure you have no feelings for me.” Eory interjected. “Surely you could see the immorality in such an order, and surely you would have to admit that there is more to love as well. Deep feelings have to exist to enjoy the rest."
Pollyanna chuckled a little. “I would enjoy it very much, but I would feel guilty about… About ruining you. Besides, such an order would kill me.”
Eory could hardly believe his ears. “What?”
“Your family never told you?” Pollyanna was shocked. “I suppose you were very young—there would be no reason to tell someone so young about it… I can’t sleep with anyone, ever again. Your ancestor, Fjorn, owns this body.”
Eory was stunned into silence.
*****Chapter Thirty-One: Fear
He was incredibly disturbed by what the warrior-maiden had told him. “My ancestor… Owns your body?”
Pollyanna ran the knife through Eory’s hair one more time, enjoying the clean sound it made as she did so. Shhk. Hair down floated down to the ground, looking like beautiful feathers.
She circled around from Eory’s back to his front, surveying her handiwork. The haircut looked good—but he still looked perturbed by her words.
She smiled. “You look very handsome with short hair, as I predicted you would when we met.”
Eory couldn’t help but blush at that. He lowered his eyes bashfully. Pollyanna blushed, too, charmed by his shyness.
In a moment, however, he stood up.
He looked up at Pollyanna compassionately; the gaze made her feel naked. She knew he pitied her.
“We should go to bed.” Pollyanna suggested, turning on her heel.
Eory seized her wrist. “Tell me why my ancestor owns you. I order you to.”
Pollyanna stood as still as a statue when he asked her. His soft hand tightened around her wrist, refusing to let her go. Pollyanna turned back around, having nowhere else to look but in his eyes.
Silence.
Pain pierced Pollyanna’s heart with every moment that she didn’t tell Eory the truth. If she didn’t tell him soon, it would destroy it completely. He gave her an encouraging smile and whispering, “You can tell me…”
Pollyanna wrenched her hand away, using it to rub her arm uncomfortably.
She hadn’t realized how reluctant she was to tell him something so personal; she never thought of it as being something hard to tell, but then, she had never been forced to tell anyone about it before.
But she had to tell him now or she would die.
Pollyanna brushed past him—walking past the piles of yellow hair she had previously shorn from his head--until she came upon a step at the back of the empty room, sitting down on it. Eory followed her—his boots echoing on the tile ominously—and sat down next to her. Pollyanna hunched over, clasping her hands in her lap.
She took a deep breath.
“Human women have a precedent for the way they think their daughters should behave and act, and I didn’t fulfill that precedent. Because I didn’t, none of the men in the town were interested in me. Among humans, if no one is interested in a girl, that girl usually ends up at a convent.” Pollyanna began slowly. After that, she gained momentum, telling her story more easily.
__
Pollyanna was thirteen and was expected to marry like all human women were at that age. If she didn’t find a suitor, she would be sent to a convent at age eighteen, as her mother promised her. Most parents in Maribel were kind enough to let their daughters stay with them for as long as necessary to find love, but Pollyanna’s mother was not one of them.
Pollyanna had dreams of her own, of course.
She wanted to be a grand heroine; she wanted to travel the lands protecting the innocent from both monsters and villains. She wanted to learn swordplay and be a knight, but her mother would never allow it--in fact, society would never allow it. While she was a devout and religious girl, she did not want to end up at a convent. She wanted to do something legendary with her life, and it was impossible to do anything of the sort living the humble life of a priestess.
And so she put on her best dresses and tried to be charming at social events—trying desperately to catch the eye of any boys who might be interested. She felt like her mother was trying to sell her the way she would a horse--parading her in front of nobles and peasants alike and telling them what her talents were. The boys turned their noses up at her; they didn’t like the fact that they were always looking up at her due to her height; her gruff manner didn’t help either. There was only one who was interested in her; the boy who she had roughhoused with as a child—the one who had helped get her into trouble years ago.
His name was Rory.
His eyes were glued to her during social events like dancing and storytelling. However, he was never brave enough to ask to court her during any of them. All the other men and boys would either ignore her or give her ugly looks. She would sit next to a boy, introduce herself, and the boy would not even look her in the eyes--they would end the conversation as soon as possible and wait for her to leave. 
Because she saw that Rory was looking at her yearningly, she sat down next to him once, too. There was no woman nor man seated to either side of him, because nobody wanted him either. Nobody wanted Pollyanna because she was tall and muscular like a man, and nobody wanted Rory because he was an imp; not only was he an imp, but he was quiet, and it was unusual for a boy his age to be withdrawn and quiet.
They made polite conversation together.
They found that they liked each other very much and had a lot in common; including the dream of eventually becoming a knight. Rory had been too shy--too nervous--to ask to court her that day, she assumed, even though he seemed to like her.
Pollyanna had another chance to get Rory's attention, however; it was a festival in which a traditional dance was performed by unmarried girls to catch the eye of any promising suitors. Pollyanna learned all the steps  put on a vibrant dress with six different layers--every layer a different, bright color--with a bustle underneath it and a black corset cinching in her already tiny waist. It gave her boyish body the feminine curve she desired.
The dress moved beautifully.
The eligible men in town sat in a circle around a fire and watched the girls dance with delight in their eyes. Pollyanna kept glancing at Rory as she moved to the intoxicating music under the starry night sky.
He was looking at her, too, but fleetingly. He was shy, and kept his eyes glued to the floor for the most part. In a desperate bid to let him know she was interested, she winked at him while no one was looking—he blushed, looking emboldened for the remainder of the dance.
Pollyanna and the rest of the eligible girls did curtsies at the end of the dance, with dozens of men immediately flocking to the other girls.
Pollyanna, for her part, looked at Rory.
He had stood up and was coming her way with a confident stride. Pollyanna grinned.
If it weren’t un-ladylike, she would have dashed into his arms. As it were, she stood with her shoulders back and her head held high; her hands neatly clasped in front of her.
Rory held up a hand, opening his mouth to say something--but Pollyanna was wrenched away from him by an older man with a strong arm.
Pollyanna didn’t recognize him. “Who are you…?”
“My name is Kline, I’m a new citizen of your quaint little town. I used to be a noble at the castle, but I wished to live a quieter life in my twilight years. My wife died recently.”
He looked her over with eyes that saw her as little more than a meal. Pollyanna looked to Rory, seeing the look of devastation on his face.
She practically begged him with her eyes to save her—to ask him to court her.
He did no such thing. He gave up and walked away.
__
“Mother wanted me to marry Kline. Of course, she had little choice in the matter even if she didn’t. Peasant girls are at the mercy of nobles. Besides. if I married him, mother and father would be made into wealthy nobles, too.” Pollyanna explained.
Her eyes were dry as dust.
Eory wondered how she could possibly feel so little at recounting such an ugly memory. “If you were considered so unsuitable for marriage, why did he pick you?”
Pollyanna wore a stony expression as she answered, “Power. Men like that… They can smell fear on you. He could smell that I was the most frightened little girl at that festival, and therefore he knew that I was the one he wanted. Looks don’t matter to men like that; they want your tears and your misery, nothing else.”
Eory’s headed pounded, his eyes glistening when he was confronted, once again, with just how cruel the world would be.
“Mother was all for selling me to that disgusting waste of space, but father wasn’t.” Pollyanna continued.
__
Pollyanna’s father, upon hearing the news that his wife was going to force their daughter to wed a man who was in his fifties, was stunned. They all three sat on the creaky, wooden floor of their puny, two-room house, and he asked his daughter, “Do you want to marry him?”
Pollyanna looked down at her hands. She barely bit back tears. She nodded slowly—unable to meet her father’s eyes. What he didn’t know was that her mother planned a sound beating for her if she didn’t nod and pretend like she wanted to marry Kline.
Her father looked her mother in the eyes, and then looked Pollyanna in the eyes.
It was easy for him to tell, deep down, his daughter didn’t want this.
“I don’t care what she says. This man is several years her senior and he has a reputation of marrying girls as young as possible so he can…” Her father remembered she was in the room, and he cleared his throat. “I won’t allow it.”
“You will; it’s already been decided. He wants her for a wife, and one doesn’t say no to a noble.” Pollyanna’s mother stated firmly. “We will all live comfortably after it’s done. You won’t have to toil as much and…”
“No! I would rather her go to the convent! That man will do nothing but hurt her!” Pollyanna’s father interrupted loudly. “I’m sorry, Pollyanna. I know what’s best for you.”
Pollyanna was silent like a good little girl should be.
Pollyanna’s mother had a stony face as she said lowly, “We’ll see.”
Pollyanna was fathomlessly relieved that her father had gotten her off the hook. But disaster struck just a week later.
Her father died of a heart attack, and without him to stop her, her mother married her to Kline.
__
“You two,” the door opened and Maruka stepped inside. “Why aren’t you in bed? You have an early morning tomorrow.”
Pollyanna and Eory glanced at each other, and then at Maruka. Eory whispered to Pollyanna, “I rescind my order; you don’t have to tell me the rest if you don’t want to. But if you do, you can visit me later tonight and I’ll listen to anything you have to say.”
Pollyanna looked shocked at his kindness.
Pollyanna nodded blankly and left first—shouldering past Maruka and heading out the door.
Eory followed after.
On his way out, he smiled brightly at Maruka, “Thank you for the lesson today and catching me up…”
Maruka nodded cheerfully. “If you want to, after our training session tomorrow, we can paint that room I was talking about.”
“I’d like that.” Eory said—looking at his feet shyly. “I never got to do much with paint in my tower. Kori didn’t like the mess it made.”
Chapter Thirty-Two: Dalliances
Kori, Francis, and her small regiment of twenty soldiers slowly tramped out of Maribel atop horses. The soldiers who accompanied them were in a neutral mood; many of them joked and talked of happy things, while others remained silent and attentive to their surroundings.
Kori, on the other hand, was in a dour mood—a mood that matched the gray, overcast sky that was threatening to rain down upon them. To distract herself from her thoughts, Kori listened to the clopping of the horses on cobblestone as they approached the portcullis and drawbridge.
Because she was so short, she couldn’t have her own horse. Instead, she wrapped her arms around the torso of a knight in front of her, who held the reins—leaving her little to do but sulk.
Francis, for his part, whistled gaily as he rode by her side.
Kori shot him dagger-eyes. She was furious that he was the only one who had gotten what he wanted out of the whole, messy situation.
“What are you so happy about?” Kori asked over the the chitchat of a peasants talking in the streets and the stamping.
“I’m happy, little waif, because I’m free and I’m going home. Maribel stinks like sewage; Alanheim smells like the freshest of roses.” Francis mocked her openly. “Not only that, but Maribel is freezing and much of the land is ugly and unkempt—if you had slaves as we did, it would all be beautiful.”
Kori bristled at his insult. “On the face of things, it might be more beautiful, but underneath, it is a hideous land built on the backs of slaves. Just how much is beauty worth to you elves?”
The knight riding in front of her said, “It’s not too late to behead him if he offends you, milady.”
Francis threw up his palms. “Calm down, little waif. I was merely jesting.”
“Well it wasn’t funny.” Kori replied testily. “I wish to hear nothing of your ugly culture.”
Francis rolled his eyes. “Your loss.”
Kori rode in silence again for a time—listening to the conversations of the surrounding knights.
“I’ve taken on a page as an apprentice—he’ll be knighted soon enough.” Murmured one knight to another. “He just needs to see some action, prove himself, and then I think he’ll be ready to become one.”
“I wish Maribel weren’t so damned cold,” said a different knight. “I swear, I need to wear a coat even during the summer from time-to-time.”
As they left Maribel castle, the sky--which had been turning darker and darker--finally began raining.
It started off as an uneven rain, spitting down from the sky. Before long, however, it became heavier—blanketing the land and the riders in a ghostly white, opaque mist.
Kori shivered, pulling her hooded, fur trimmed cloak closer about her shoulders. Her teeth were chattering.
Francis shrugged off his overcoat and handed it to her. “Take it, little waif.”
Kori turned her nose up at his gesture, jerking her chin in the opposite direction.
Francis merely laughed, charmed by her defiance.
The watchguards lowered the portcullis, and they rode out of the city and out onto the grounds surrounding it.
__
The rain had not let up even as the sun began to set.
Kori, Francis, and the knights were now setting up camp in a forest that was twelve miles away from the city. The colorful sunset drenched the woods in a deep plumb shroud. Behind a steel, gray cloud, the setting sun peeked out, shining a beam of light down upon the land in the distance--the last shred of sunlight.
Kori and three other knights gathered wood for a fire while the other knights stayed at the camp and kept watch over Francis. After finding an armful of twigs, Kori threw them on the pile of wood, and the knights set it aflame. With a tired sigh, Kori collapsed in front of the pile of twigs, stretching her legs out in front of her--enjoying the warmth after being frozen to the bone.
Riding a horse became very uncomfortable and hard on the body after a full day of it. Like the rain, her gray mood had started off as a drizzle, and had become a drenching on-pour of misery.
Francis, who was sitting across from her, noticed her very dour frown.
It put a smile on his already smug face.
“What weighs so heavily upon your mind, Redeemer?” Francis asked. “Is it, perhaps, your dashing king?”
Kori’s face was lined with shock and offense. She frantically glanced at the knights who thankfully seemed to be talking amongst themselves and hadn’t heard. She took in a shuddering, angry breath. “Come here, elf. Now.”
Francis raised an eyebrow. He had little choice but to obey. He rose to his feet and sat by her side. Kori grabbed his pointed ear, yanking it with all her strength—making the elf yelp in pain. She whispered in his ear pulled ear, “I swear, if you ever tell these people about me and… If you ever tell anyone, I’ll kill you myself. How did you even know…?”
Francis gave her a snide look. “Do you think I’m a fool? The look in your face when you talked about him… I think I know when someone is lovesick. I pity you falling in love with someone who cares so little about his people that he would risk his kingdom’s future just to kill me. He seems like a worthless king—especially since he let his lover bully him into letting me go; he’s stupid and flighty. He should at least take a stance on things.”
Kori released his ear.
She muttered furiously. “Doesn’t your queen listen to the advice of her people? That’s what good leaders are supposed to do. That’s… What—what Laurence did.” She frowned, staring into the fire sadly.
Francis snorted. “A good leader does what’s best for their people regardless of what those people think. My queen allows no dissension among her people; if she hears people saying negative things about her rule… If she hears talk that offends her, she throws them into the dungeon. Peace reigns and Alanheim is a beautiful place because of her ruthlessness.”
“Living in fear doesn’t count as living in peace…” Kori replied disdainfully.
“Alanheim hasn’t been invaded by another kingdom in thirty years. Sounds like peace to me.” Francis insisted smugly.
“If it were so peaceful, then why do you fear your… sex being revealed?” Kori challenged him.
Francis opened his mouth to protest, but could find no retort suitable enough to counteract her argument. It was Kori’s turn to grin smugly.
__
Later that night, Kori found it hard to sleep.
The rain wouldn’t let up, and she was thankful for the thick layer of leaves hanging above her, protecting her from the endless liquid cascading from the skies.
“Can’t sleep, milady?” One of the knights asked.
The knight was Terrance. He often volunteered to guard her whenever she had to leave Castle Maribel to visit Eory or on other business such as trading or supply runs.
Kori shook her head. “I don’t know if I’m doing the right thing… This elf is a headache. Maybe Laurence was right.”
Terrance, who was whetting his blade, answered with a compassionate smile, “I have to say, from what you told us, I’m in agreement with you. Provoking a war with the elves would not be wise right now. The king should listen to his Redeemer; you have excellent judgement, and I have nothing but respect for what you do. You saved my brother, you know.”
Kori felt badly about telling the knights that the king had thrown Francis into the dungeon and all the details surrounding the situation; Laurence had bitterly given her permission for her to do so, but she still felt badly about it.
Kori cocked her head to the side at something else Terrance said. “I saved your brother?”
The knight nodded. “My little brother, Brom. He was stealing food and ended up in jail when he was caught. If it weren’t for you, he would have rotted away in the dungeon for the rest of his life. But you Redeemed him—convinced the king he was worth giving another chance—and he was set free. Brom really turned his act around. I can’t thank you enough, milady.”
Kori’s eyes glistened. She needed to hear that--to hear that she had done some good with her life.
__
Kori awoke before most of the knights did. She barely slept at all.
There was one knight up who was watching the sun rise. It was his turn to keep watch.
With a sigh, Kori grabbed a flask of water from her pack, taking a deep swig. She watched the sun gradually dispel the black shade of night and bring on a gray, pale morning.
She put a hand on the soldier’s shoulder. “I’m going to take a walk. Keep an eye on the elf.”
The soldier nodded. “Are you sure you don’t want protection?”
Kori nodded. “I’ll be fine.”
Kori fell deep into thought as she strolled through the deep green woods alone.
Alone.
That was how she felt.
She had spent most of her life tending to criminals. She made friends with some of them, but eventually, she would either have to give up on them if she came to the conclusion that they were irredeemable, or they would be set free.
Kori had many other friends who were not criminals, but they were not friends she could share deep feelings with. They adored her, so long as she was pleasant and cheerful, but she knew they wouldn’t if she were ever miserable around them.
She only had two long-lasting, deep relationships in her life.
Eory and Laurence. She had lost them both. She sniffled a little and wiped her eyes—wishing she could stop crying over them.
“Gods! Poor little waif!”
Kori spun around.
The elf had followed her. She nearly screamed for the guards but he clapped a hand over her mouth. “Quiet, Redeemer. I am not a fool like you waifs and humans. I would not try to harm you with the guards so close by. I merely wish to have a talk with you.”
Kori scowled, but then nodded slowly.
Francis removed his hand. “I feel sorry for you… I thought the king was just a dalliance to you, but it appears that you were truly in love with him.”
“How did you sneak off unnoticed?” Kori demanded—ignoring his question.
Francis shrugged. “Elves move on silent feet.”
Kori crossed her arms. She supposed that elves must have talents she was unaware of.
She knew he wasn’t a threat with the soldiers so close by, so she relaxed. Instead, she was focused on his comment. Kori retorted, “Nobody I sleep with is a dalliance.”
Francis looked a little surprised, and then he chuckled. “You must not sleep with many people, then. Truly, those who are not elf are strange.”
Kori turned away--trying not to think of all the time she had wasted being faithful to a man who was not faithful to her.
“And I suppose you sleep with anything that walks on two-legs?” Kori retorted. “You said you knew the face of someone who was lovesick; I imagine you dangle plenty of women.”
Francis leaned against a tree with a barely-contained-smile. “Oh, I do. And they dangle me, too. One thing you should understand, little waif, is that elves have very little attachments to those they sleep with—so, we have no reason to feel ashamed of sleeping with those we don’t truly love.”
Kori glowered. “I can only imagine the damage such decisions cause. I suppose I am looking at a product of them.”
Francis chuckled—unoffended by her remark. “I suppose you are. Anyway, fun talking with you. I’d better get back before they notice that I’m gone.”
Kori followed after him—making sure he didn’t try to escape, and ready to call the knights if he tried.
Kori thought to herself, It’s been a long time since I’ve gone far from Maribel…
Chapter Thirty-Three: Irrational
Pollyanna sat on the edge of her bed, hands clasped in her lap. She wrestled with herself, trying to decide whether to tell Eory about her past or not. She ran nervous fingers through her long hair, smoothing it back in contemplation. Like the rest of the fortress, her room was soaked in sickening red light, it made her head hurt all-the-more while trying to make such a difficult decision.
She felt the ghost of long, elegant fingers playing with her hair.
Thighs pinched her hips, arms wrapped around her stomach; a voice cooed in her ear. “A sword doesn’t doubt. A sword has no fear.”
Pollyanna leaned back with a moan, lips that were not really there kiss her neck.
She slid off her bed with heavy breaths. Sweat pooled on her forehead. “I want you Fjorn. I know it’s you I really want and not Eory.” Pollyanna murmured quietly to herself. “You made me strong.”
Pollyanna faced her bed, laying her cheek on it thoughtfully. She thought of how Eory had given her a choice in telling him everything. None of his ancestors had ever given her a choice in anything; not even her own parents had ever given her a choice.
Her fingers dug into the blanket.
She clenched her teeth. Tears bloomed in the corner of her eyes. “Damn you! Why are you so kind to me! Why can’t you be like the rest of us! I am not your equal, I am your slave. Take these wretched choices out of my hands so that I may live in peace again."
She whispered to herself, "Why am I so afraid? I am invulnerable...”
Her skin was iron, but her mind was laid bare.
__
Eory sat cross-legged on his own bed.
His muscles ached from the training session earlier; his head hurt from learning something new at the training session. He had gotten several bruises from losing matches to almost every other recruit he had gone up against. He worried about being set on the battlefield in his current condition. I have to do better… I only have one more day of training left, too. The thought of being put on the battlefield made his heart nearly pound out of his chest. All he could envision were the dozens of ways he might die.
He glanced at his door, wondering if Pollyanna would come.
She won’t come! Taylor promised with a giggle. A sword will not come to your hand unless you grab it.
The red lighting coating the door made his insides squirm.
Eory wanted to have faith in her; even if he could no longer love and idolize her, he wanted to help her. She was an evil woman, but she must have had her reasons. Untold damage had been done to her by his own family, and by a cruel world which had turned its back on her.
Kori had given him a second chance. Pollyanna deserved a second chance, too. Maybe he could be the one to give it to her. He didn’t think she was beyond redemption; she smiled, laughed, frowned and cried like anyone else. She was not like his family, who seemed to feel nothing toward those who were not Arrozan.
If she comes… I think it means that she wants to be helped deep down… Eory thought to himself.
Eory’s eyes stayed locked on the door.
It felt like an hour had gone by, and he was about to give up with a heart that was too heavy to carry, but then…The door creaked open, and there stood Pollyanna in a nightgown, exposing her scarred legs.
Eory realized this was the first time he had ever seen her wearing anything close to feminine other than at the ball. It was also the first time he had ever seen her looking anything close to vulnerable.
Eory said not a word. He didn’t want to do anything to make her change her mind—she was a testy person, after all.
A silent intensity hung in the air between the two. The room, bathed in red lighting, felt eerie and perverse. Pollyanna’s heavy footsteps were loud in the utterly silent room. The old woman chose to sit on the floor, her back pushed up against the side of Eory’s bed.
Eory waited for her to say something.
“Do you know how lucky you are to have me, Eory? Someone who will always come to rescue you no matter what?” Pollyanna asked.
Eory stared forward, wondering how she wanted him to answer such a question. “I am grateful for your protection, but not grateful that you are willing to strike down anyone who looks at me suspiciously.”
Pollyanna snorted. “How funny. When I was a little girl, I would have thanked Renthas every night if I had a knight who killed anyone who looked at me suspiciously.” Pollyanna invoked the human god’s name.
There was a pause, and then Pollyanna looked up at the ceiling. “Nobody was ever looking out for me. I prayed every night for someone to rescue me, but it didn’t happen. I guess that’s as good a place to continue my tale as any.”
__
On Pollyanna’s wedding night, she ran through the white, pristine halls of Kline’s beautiful manor, a luxurious building that stood at the edge of Pollyanna’s little town.
She was as prey running away from a hunter.
Earlier that fateful night, Pollyanna’s heart had been thumping with terror the whole time while Kline said his vows. She and Kline had an outdoor wedding under the stars. Trees were decorated with white streamers and clear, glass ornaments. The pathway leading to Kline was decorated with pink rose petals. To her left and right were dozens of guests--friends of her mother, not her friends--watching the procession. Pollyanna’s eyes swept the crowd that was gawking at her—some people were barely biting back laughter, others were merely smiling with adoring eyes.
She found her mother’s face. She wore an approving grin on it.
The priest spoke to her, “…to promise to serve him in all of his endeavors, bare his children, and be faithful to him under the eyes of Renthas?”
Pollyanna’s vision swam as she looked to her mother who nodded at her silently.
“I d-do…” Pollyanna murmured.
“You may kiss the bride.” The priest said to Kline. Kline stepped toward her with a greedy look on his face. Automatically, Pollyanna stepped back in fear.
The crowd, which had been clapping and cheering—some of them even cooing—went dead silent at Pollyanna’s unintentional movement.
Kline scowled. He dug his fingers into her arms, wrenching her toward him--shoving his lips onto hers. Pollyanna did not close her eyes. She stared up at the sky in horror. Once Kline released her, she glanced back at the crowd and saw Rory looking absolutely devastated. His eyes were glassy, his face downcast.
Why couldn’t you save me? Pollyanna wondered.
Pollyanna was silent at Kline’s side while he went around having benign conversations with all the townsfolk. They spoke as if she were not even there.
“You’ll have fun with this one tonight!” Many of the men teased with ugly smirks.
“What a lucky girl she is!” Many of the women exclaimed. “To be married to someone so wealthy at such a young age!”
Her own mother ignored Pollyanna’s glassy eyes as she spoke to Kline, paying no heed to her daughter’s feelings. “She’s a precious gift; I’ll take care of her.” Kline assured her mother.
“Stand up straight, Pollyanna.” Was all her mother said to her. 
Kline socialized with the wedding guests for two more hours. They danced, ate good food, and drank fine wine. And after that, nearly all the guests had gone. Pollyanna knew what was about to happen to her. She was petrified.
“We’ll be retiring for the night now!” Kline announced, and everyone clapped.
Her tears were invisible to the crowd.
Kline dragged her inside the manor. He spoke to her—making harmless conversation—but it fell on deaf ears. Pollyanna had two options to choose from; flight or fight.
As Kline handed off the gifts he had gotten to his servants, Pollyanna bolted.
Kline’s laughter filled her ears as she ran down the hallway. “Run, run, little bird. What a fun game you like to play!”
She turned to the right when the hall eventually forked in opposite directions.
His voice echoed throughout the manor as she elbowed a servant out of the way. “You can run but you can’t hide!”
She came upon a staircase on her right, feeling an aching in her tiring legs. She panted with exertion, pushing herself to run up the stairs. Pollyanna took a deep breath at the top of them—her heart beating uncontrollably in her ears.
Pollyanna continued sprinting after catching her breath. She glanced frantically to her left and right at many open doors as she went—looking for a suitable place to hide.
She heard footsteps slowly climbing the stairs behind her.
“Come out come out wherever you are!” Kline called with a chuckle. Pollyanna came to the end of the hall. She ducked into the room on her left, slamming the door shut in her haste.
White fear pervaded her being, legs and arms trembling. She pushed a heavy table up against the door, her muscles feeling weak. She was a thin, starving thing. Her parents had no money to feed her. She had barely any strength.
Footsteps approached in the hall.
Pollyanna whimpered, hiding in the closet with her legs pulled up to her chest. Help me, please. Somebody help me!
Her mind was white with fear as footsteps came to a halt before her door. She could barely breathe. She bit back a sob with a palm clapped to her mouth.
The knob jiggled.
Tears streamed from her eyes.
Fists slammed on the doors. “Damn you! Little bitch! Just wait until I’m done with you!” She heard his footsteps receding after a moment.
Pollyanna hung her head, covering her face in her palms, weeping hysterically. Her heart dropped when she heard footsteps approaching again.
Kline returned with servants who shoved the door inward--pushing the furniture away from the door just enough to admit him into the room.
Pollyanna stood up, plastering herself against the wall--shutting the closet door. “No, no…” She whispered.
Kline swung the door, cornering her in the closet—a tall, thin girl, so emaciated that her bones were showing, shivering like a mouse. He grabbed her by the collar with hateful eyes. “You’re mine now. Do you understand?”
Pollyanna shook her head—any words she had were caught in her throat.
“You will.” He replied coldly. He yanked on her collar, splittingthe fabric.
He shoved her toward his servants. “Undress her.”
__
--Eory was deep in thought about Pollyanna’s story. It made him feel sick, it turned his eyes glassy, while Pollyanna’s own eyes remained dry as dust. He felt as if he were there, watching while an innocent girl had her innocence ripped from her--a precious thing, that Eory himself clung to. His stomach was in knots so twisted that he felt the need to hug it for comfort.
“You see, I would have given anything for anyone to save me back then, but no one did.” Pollyanna murmured, cracking her knuckles with a stony face. “That’s why you’re so lucky to have me. You’ll never have to worry with me around. I’ll keep you safe.”
Eory looked at the back of her head—wondering what kind of expression she might be making—what she might be thinking. He realized, with his heart pounding, that she probably never said that to any of his ancestors—she probably didn’t have to, since most of them could take care of themselves. It was almost as if she were telling him she cared for him deeply with that sentence—that she would do for him what no one would do for her—not even the people who supposedly loved her.
“Do you say that to every member of my family?” Eory asked nervously.
There was a long pause.
“Just you.” She answered.
“Pollyanna.” Eory’s voice cut through the silence with surprising strength. “I don’t know if anyone ever told you this, but I’m truly sorry that happened to you. You deserved better.”
Pollyanna hung her head. “Why should you be sorry? It’s my own damned fault that I didn’t defend myself; if I deserved better, I would have gotten better.”
“What if… What if it were me in that situation? Would you say the same thing?” Eory asked.
Another long pause. Eory knew he caught her with that sentence.
Ashamedly, Pollyanna murmured, “Of course not. You have… You have been nothing but kind to me.”
“So you admit that having a good heart and being kind is worthwhile—worth the price of being saved from such an evil situation? And what of young Pollyanna? Why, in your eyes, did she have nothing to offer the world through her kindness?” Eory challenged her.
Pollyanna slammed her fist onto the ground.
“Kindness is a worthless thing!” She hissed. “You would not be in this fortress were it not for your own kindness in saving me! You would be free and living a happy life with your precious Kori! That is why kindness is worthless! It kills you faster than a knife through the heart!”
“Then why would you not wish me to be in the same situation you were in?” Eory challenged her.
“Because…!” Pollyanna spat. “Because even though it’s worthless, it can still be meaningful. It’s worthless because it gets you nothing valuable; it’s meaningful because it makes an impact on you. It’s as irrational as love itself! Let me tell you just how irrational it can be!”
She gathered her thoughts, trying to think of the best way to continue showing him through her story just how wrong he was about kindness.
Strength was the only way.
Pollyanna repeated her mantra in her mind: I have no regrets. I got what I wanted.
Chapter Thirty-Four: Gutted and Broken
While Pollyanna recounted her past, she kept thinking of something she had tried to block out for many, many years, but now, it kept resurfacing at the edge of her memories. It was a hairpiece with a pink rose that she never dared to wear as a child because it was so precious to her. She thought it was expensive when she was a child, but, thinking back on it, she knew it was just a cheap accessory. She remembered turning it in her hands over and over while she lived in the manor with Kline.
She could trace the shape of it even when she wasn’t holding it; she could remember the precise shade of pink it was even though she hadn’t seen it for hundreds of years. It was a happy memory for her--a present given to her by her father for a birthday long passed. She had so little as a child, and so whenever she got a present, she worshipped it.
Pollyanna preferred to forget such memories because they made her weak and emotional, and there was nothing she liked less than feeling weak and emotional. Back then, she was always depending on the kindness of others to help her, and she thought they would, because she thought everyone had the desire to be a hero deep down like she did. 
She knew Rory did.
Just thinking about him made her head flare with sadness.
He had made her weak.
It was Fjorn who had picked her up from the ashes of her childhood and made her into the strong and stable woman she wanted to be. He had given her what she wanted, and she was only alive and well thanks to him. 
I have no regrets. I got what I wanted. Pollyanna repeated again.
“Are you sure you want to hear more?” Pollyanna asked Eory as she stretched her legs out in front of her, crossing  her feet at the ankles. “It gets worse.”
Eory sincerely wondered if he did.
His eyes were red from crying for her at her past pain. He felt such a vicious disgust at the world that he felt like crawling back within himself and letting Taylor take over again. However, he didn’t want to abandon Pollyanna like everyone else had. He wanted to listen; it was the only way to help her. 
“I want to hear.” Eory said compassionately.
Silence ensued.
Pollyanna turned around and faced him for the first time since she entered the room. She crossed her arms on the mattress and leaned her chin on them. “You’re such a cute boy… Do you know what usually happens to cute boys?”
Eory blushed, but was apprehensive of what she might say next. “What happens to them?”
“They get gutted from the inside out.” Pollyanna’s flirtatious expression changed to a cold, hard one. “That’s what happens to them.”
__
A week had passed since her wedding. Kline was gone all day on most days, and Pollyanna was left alone at the manor during that time. He would only visit her at night, and then he would leave her, crumpled and broken, to her own destructive thoughts and lonely feelings for the rest of the night and the following day. Pollyanna didn’t know what Kline did during the day and didn’t care. She knew he worked a job that made him wealthy, but that was all she knew.
She would stay in her room for most of the day, not knowing what to do with herself. She was too frightened to leave. There was a bookcase in her room, and she spent most of her time reading through the books upon it. A familiar fairy tale that her father used to read to her was on the bookcase. She read it over and over again, the pages were crinkled from her tears dotting the page.
Sometimes, she would venture forth from her room and explore the manor when the boredom became too much for her, but she would avoid the servants and any human contact while she was out.
At the end of the week, Pollyanna finally got so bored that she asked Kline what she was supposed to do from day-to-day now that they were married. It was in the morning, while he was getting dressed, he responded, “You are to be a wife and mother. I’ll have the staff teach you how to cook, clean, and mend clothes.”
“A mother…?” Pollyanna whispered, frightened by the prospect. She couldn’t even take care of herself, let alone anyone else.
“Renthas refuses to give me an heir. I swear, I’ll have three before I die.” He replied as he pulled his boots on.
Pollyanna bit back a gasp.
I shall give birth to the spawn of the underworld… Pollyanna thought to herself in horror. That’s what any child of his would be.
The next morning, Pollyanna was a dutiful student while the staff taught her how to sew, cook, and clean.
Under her mother, Pollyanna never felt the need to try hard at the tasks a woman should be good at. Now that she had to learn in order to succeed, she tried her best. Many of the staff told her she was a quick learner.
“By the way,” her sewing teacher said as she taught Pollyanna how to stitch up a pair of Kline’s breeches. Pollyanna was focused on her task; it was monotonous, but it kept her mind off other, difficult subject matter. The needle ducked up and down through the fabric in a satisfying rhythm.
“What is it?” Pollyanna asked.
“Your mother wants to see you tonight.” Her teacher replied.
Pollyanna lifted her eyes from her task nervously. I don’t want to see her.
“She that you haven’t left the manor since you’ve been married.” Her teacher informed her. “She wants to know how you are.”
“I-I’ll ask Kline if I can go tomorrow.” Pollyanna replied, wishing to end the conversation. At night, while Kline sat at the edge of their bed, she asked him whether she could visit her mother.
Kline agreed without hesitation. “What a lazy little mouse you are. You don’t need my permission to visit your mother. She lives right next door, after all. I was wondering why she was so upset earlier.”
“You’ve been to see her?” Pollyanna whispered meekly.
“Of course. You’ll see her first thing tomorrow.” Kline ordered and left her for the night.
The next day, Pollyanna stepped out of the manor for the first time in a week and enjoyed the warm sunshine on her face. Kline’s manor was at the edge of the town; it was isolated and quiet with no other houses and no other people around.
Pollyanna could hear even the smallest of sounds, and she found that to be very pleasant. She could hear cicadas, the cooing of birds, and even the bubbling of a distant brook. She enjoyed the fresh smell of rosemary on the wind. 
She looked to her left. Next door to the manor, she saw a finely built house where she was told her mother resided. So this is what selling your daughter bought you… Pollyanna thought to herself.
She took a deep breath, approaching the house’s front door. Pollyanna lifted a fist with a shaking hand--ready to knock--but found that she was too nervous to follow through.
I swear, I’m more scared of her than I am of Kline at times.
She let out a horrendous sob and leaned her forehead against the door.
“Pollyanna?” A voice called out curiously.
Pollyanna immediately dried her eyes, looking the way the voice had come from.
Rory was standing nearby.
“Hello Rory,” Pollyanna tried not to sound resentful at him, but it was hard to avoid. “Are you well?”
Rory, who was holding a beautiful, hand-crafted, earthen bowl, stared at her searchingly. “A-are you well…? I mean, I’m really happy for you, but he is a little…”
Pollyanna couldn’t help the angry tears that came unbidden to her eyes. “Do I look well, Rory?”
Rory was confused. “Why are you crying?”
Pollyanna turned away from him. “How could you be so heartless? So… So blind! You could have saved me!”
Rory screwed his eyes shut, misery smeared across his face. “I wanted you, Pollyanna. I still want you. It’s you who picked Kline over me.”
Pollyanna spun around. She clenched her fists—her eyes were still stung with tears. “I needed you to ask me before he did! If you had asked, I would have said yes in a heartbeat. I don’t understand… Am I too ugly for you? Was I not good enough?”
She collapsed to her knees—breaking down at the sight of one of the only people who could have rescued her.
Rory came to her side, brazenly wrapping his arms around her—an act that could get both him and Pollyanna into deep trouble if someone saw. “I’m sorry Pollyanna. I wanted to ask you so badly—I kept trying to get up the guts, but you were so intimidating. Look at me… Look at me…”
Pollyanna, who previously could not look him in the eyes, looked in them now with wide, tearful eyes of her own.
“I was a coward. It’s not that you weren’t good enough, it’s that I was too afraid to ask you. God, I’ve had trouble sleeping every night since. I know you didn’t want to marry him. I know you only did it because your parents wanted you to, and good girls do what their parents ask of them. Pollyanna…” Rory murmured and thumbed some of her tears away. Pollyanna closed her eyes and felt at peace in his arms. “Will you meet with me tomorrow morning? I’ll wait for you just outside your manor. I want to talk more.”
Pollyanna took a moment—enjoying his embrace a little while longer, and then she nodded. “You’ll wait… Inconspicuously, right?”
Rory chuckled a little. “Of course.” He frowned awkwardly, looking apologetic after a moment. “Your… Husband requested a bowl at our shop. I have to deliver it now.”
Pollyanna nodded sadly. “Okay.”
Rory released her from his arms. He knocked on Kline’s manor door, handing the beautiful bowl off to one of the servants after being paid a few coppers.
Rory waved goodbye to Pollyanna as she mustered her strength to knock on her mother’s door. She rapped her knuckles on the white door.
She heard footsteps approaching from inside.
Her mother appeared at the door with a hollow expression on her face. “Pollyanna. I’ve been expecting you. Why didn’t you come to visit me sooner?”
She felt so very alone under the scrutinizing gaze of her mother. “I’ve been busy, mother. I’ve been learning how to sew and cook and clean and…”
“Things that you should have already learned from me,” her mother cut in, “but you never did because you’re such a lazy girl.”
Pollyanna closed her eyes with a frown pulling at her lips. “Y-yes mother…”
Her mother sighed. “Come on in, Pollyanna.”
She spun on her heel, following inside the house. Pollyanna followed after her.
She turned in a tight circle, surveying the house while following her mother. The little house was built to perfection; it was made of stone instead of straw and mud like her old house and it had more than one room, which seemed like paradise to Pollyanna and her mother. It was spotless thanks to the servants and decorated beautifully.
Pollyanna’s eyes glistened as she looked upon the splendor of the house.
Daddy was a good man, and he could never afford anything like this…
Pollyanna followed her mother to the sitting room where the young girl sat down on a sofa, slouching. The room felt and looked too clean for a low-born girl like her to reside in, and she felt uneasy sitting in it.
“So, how is life with Kline?” Her mother asked, sitting across from her on a chair.
Pollyanna replied with slumped shoulders, “It’s… The house is nice.”
Her mother’s eyes narrowed. “Sit up straight, Pollyanna.”
“Yes mother…” Pollyanna murmured resignedly, sitting up straight.
Pollyanna looked at her red high heels and resisting the urge to clack them together like she might if she were younger. She had so many unexpressed feelings that she felt only her mother could help her process. She gulped and asked, “Mother, do you ever miss father?”
Her mother took a sip of the hot tea that was set on the table separating the two. “Of course I miss him. He was a wonderful father and husband. He made many foolish decisions toward the end, however. Aren’t you glad I convinced him to let you marry Kline before he died? Look at you; you have everything I wanted as a girl… Red satin shoes, a beautiful bow in your hair, and an expensive dress.” Her mother said it coldly.
She said it jealously.
Chapter Thirty-Four: Gutted and Broken Part Two
The next morning, after she was sure Kline had gone from the manor, Pollyanna snuck out. She knew the manor well as she had not left it for a week. She kept to the shadows, avoiding the servants who were calling for her and wishing for her to attend her first lesson of the day. She made her way through the nooks and crannies on the second floor and quickly dashed down the stairs to the first floor when she arrived at them. Because she knew their schedules and knew where to hide from them, she slipped past any servants on the first floor and managed to escape the manor without a soul setting eyes upon her.
In the distance, she saw Rory waving to her. She glanced around to make sure no one was watching, and then she dashed toward Rory with a big smile on her face—waving her own hand. A giant grin adorned Rory’s own face until it changed into an exaggerated grimace as the tall girl came closer and closer and eventually launched herself at him—knocking him to the ground. “You came!”
Rory laughed. “Of course I did! Why wouldn’t I?”
Pollyanna had tears in her eyes as she replied, “Because nobody cares enough about me to keep their promises!”
Rory gently pushed her off, quickly climbed to his feet. “Someone might see!”
Pollyanna frowned. “I’m sorry…”
Rory’s heart bloomed with compassion at her sweet and soft-spoken manner. He stole a kiss—brushing his lips against her cheek—and exclaimed, “Come on! Let’s go where no one will see us!” Pollyanna touched a hand to her cheek at the touch of his lips and felt something she had never felt before; acceptance and comfort in her own skin.
She pushed herself to her feet--wiping her eyes as she did so--and followed Rory who was heading toward the riverbank east of the little town. Gravel and dirt flew under their hasty feet as they ran for yards until the gurgling of flowing water filled their ears, and the bank came into view past a thicket of trees.
“Look at this beautiful grass!” Rory whistled as he dug his hands into the long, luscious grass beside the stream. “Don’t you wish the whole town was filled with grass like this?”
Pollyanna knelt down next to him and nodded. “That would be beautiful. It’d be nice to look out the window at the manor and see a sea of deep green…”
“You know Pollyanna…” Rory said as he took off his shoes, dipping his feet in the gentle, clear stream. “I still want to make you my wife!”
Pollyanna blushed, gasping with excitement as she sat down next to him. “You do?”
Rory nodded cheerfully. “I do! I never thought I’d ever meet a girl who… wanted the same things as me. You do still want to be a hero, right? We should become knights together and…”
Pollyanna snorted. “Girls can’t become knights, Rory. That was just me being a silly child.”
“I know that, but… But you would make a great knight! Remember how much you beat the tar out of me when we were kids?” Rory said, nudging her in the side with an elbow.
Pollyanna giggled. “I remember… I’m sorry if I embarrassed you.”
Rory shook his head. “I wouldn’t have made any friends if you hadn’t jumped into the fray that day. I became the leader of the Righteous Knights! Sworn to slay the hideous troll!”
Pollyanna was grinning at first, and then frowned at his last sentence.
Rory said hastily, “Of course, I never truly thought you were ugly. I even told the other Righteous Knights that I wanted to marry you one day!”
Pollyanna jerked her chin away from him haughtily. “And how did they respond? Did they laugh at you for wanting to marry an ugly troll?”
Rory grinned awkwardly. “Well… Yes, they did. But I told them to shove off. Lost my friends, but it was worth it.”
Pollyanna felt tears welling up in her eyes. “You did? You gave up your friends for me?”
“I couldn’t have them laughing at my future wife!” Rory said with a wink.
Pollyanna’s eyes became glassy. She hid them behind her palms. She could have been so happy if he had just asked to court her.
As if he read her mind, Rory embraced her, whispering “There’s nothing I regret more than not asking you. I’m so, so sorry.”
Pollyanna enjoyed his gentle and compassionate touch for a moment, before shuddering with sadness. Rory asked her quietly, “How bad is it? Living with that man? Mom and dad have told me rumors of what he did to the girls at Castle Maribel, but…”
Pollyanna meant to tell him how bad it was calmly; she wanted to pretend like she wasn’t in as much pain as he thought she might be, but her words spilled out of her mouth with heavy tears and a teetering, wobbling voice without her permission. “I go to bed every night in terror. I wake up in pain. I feel like little more than a streetwalker; I feel so ashamed.” Pollyanna said through sharp breaths.
Rory couldn’t comprehend her pain. He sat there silently, contemplating her words, letting them sink in. Eventually, he hopped to his feet, exclaiming, “Let’s just run away! I’ll marry you elsewhere!”
Pollyanna was swept off her feet by the idea, and she nearly said yes without thinking. There was no offer more tempting in her life, until reality set in. Running away with another’s man’s wife was a grievous offense warranting death by the law.
But there were other important concerns as well.
“What about your family?” Pollyanna demanded. “What about mine? Mother would be…”
“I love my family,” Rory agreed. “But I don’t want any woman as a wife other than you.”
Pollyanna looked at him in stunned silence.
Nobody had ever paid her such special attention. Nobody had ever wanted her in such a grand, meaningful way. She felt like Yharos could go on spinning without her on most days and it wouldn’t make a difference whether she lived upon it or not. But in his presence, she felt as if the world would stop in its place if she weren’t alive to see the sun rise.
Nonetheless, she let out a disgruntled gasp. “I can’t!”
And she ran away.
__
“You loved him.” Eory said when Pollyanna paused. “You said that love doesn’t exist.”
“It doesn’t.” Pollyanna replied. “I only loved Rory because I felt like he was the only one who could save me.You’ll see him gutted and broken at the end as I promised.” Pollyanna said, closing her wrinkled eyes in pain.
--Chapter Thirty-Five: The Weak

Pollyanna spent the next week intending never to see Rory again as she continued learning how to efficiently cook, clean, and sew.
She made sure to have an extravagant meal cooked for Kline when he came home—lest she incur his wrath—and she made sure the house was spotless and that any clothes that needed stitching were mended.
It was a busy job. Especially in the summer heat.
I belong to this man now. He supports me and mother. That’s what matters. Pollyanna tried to convince herself as she wiped the sweat from her forehead.
Sometimes, when she was shaking out the rugs on the porch, or when she had to go run errands for Kline in town, she would see Rory. He would approach her—intending to speak with her—but she would quickly move in the opposite direction with a heavy heart.
On one such trip into the town, she decided to quickly pop into the fortune-teller’s tent. The fortune-teller was a human mage of very little magical talent as human mages tended to be.
Pollyanna tried to say calmly, “Please, do you have any potions that prevent childbirth? Any at all?”
The fortune-teller shook her head. “I have no such potions, but I do have an amulet; if you place it under your bed, it should prevent childbirth.”
The fortune-teller climbed to her feet, picking up a gray, diamond shaped amulet from the shelf behind her. “It’s one gold coin.”
Pollyanna didn’t hesitate. She purchased the amulet, purchased meat from the butcher, and commissioned the tailor to make Kline an outfit after giving her his measurements.
Pollyanna placed the amulet under her bed when she arrived back at the manor.
She clasped her hands together on top of her bed to Renthas, “Please… please don’t make me get pregnant…”
When Kline arrived home later that night, he checked the small sack of coins he gave her to make sure it was missing the correct amount of gold.
His eyes were dark when he saw it was missing a piece. “What did you buy?”
Pollyanna gulped, looming over her, backing her against a wall. “I was hungry. I just bought myself vegetables.”
Kline rose his hand; Pollyanna turned her cheek. His hand raked her across the face. It stung, turning her cheek red.
“I-I’m sorry… I couldn’t wait until dinner.” Pollyanna murmured.
“I told you that you were never to buy anything without my permission.” Kline berated her. “Are you stupid? Did you forget?”
Pollyanna shook her head with glassy eyes.
Kline groaned, seizing her by the arm—dragging her away from the wall and out the bedroom door.
“What are you doing?” Pollyanna asked, not daring to struggle as she was pulled along.
He didn’t answer, but his hand tightened around her arm so hard that she was sure it would leave a bruise. He dragged her to the front door, shoving her outside and locking the door behind her.
“You’ll sleep outside. That’s your punishment.” Kline said coldly from inside the manor.
Crickets filled Pollyanna’s ears as she stared out at the dark landscape in front of her.
There are monsters in the dark! She childishly thought to herself. I’ll be eaten if I sleep out here!
It was hot and humid outside. She was already beginning to sweat profusely. She turned around, slamming her fists on the door. “Let me in! Please let me in!”
No answer.
She ran over to her mother’s house and frantically knocked on the door. “Mother! Mother help! It’s hot and—”
Pollyanna looked behind her. She could swear she saw a silhouette in the distance--although it may have been her imagination. “There’s someone out here! Help me!”
A minute passed, and Pollyanna was sure her mother would not answer the door. She sank to her knees in misery, hugging her stomach.
She accepted the fact that she would be sleeping outdoors.
But she was proved wrong; her mother appeared at the door—rubbing her eyes tiredly. “What’s wrong, Pollyanna?”
“Kline locked me out of the manor. Please let me stay here, please!” Pollyanna begged.
Pollyanna’s mother had a cold and unfeeling look on her face. She crossed her arms, indifferent to her daughter’s suffering. In a moment, however, her posture relaxed, and for the first time since she was a young child, her mother had a compassionate look on her face. “Come in, Pollyanna.”
Pollyanna was stunned by her sudden and unexpected kindness. Her mother gently took her by the shoulders, ushering  her inside.
“Oh, thank you, mother, thank you!” Pollyanna cried. Pollyanna kept wiping her tears away as they walked down the hall, and her mother asked compassionately, “Shall I tell you a bedtime story? Like when you were younger?”
Pollyanna nodded; still too shocked by her mother’s kindness to say anything.
Her mother led her to her bedroom where she climbed up on the bed and patted the spot next to her. Pollyanna laid on her side, shaking, and put her head in her mother’s lap.
“Once upon a time, there was a long line of daughters. The mothers of the daughters in question were wonderful for much of their children’s childhood, but as the children grew older, their mothers would change. This change happened nearly overnight; the mothers would go from brushing their daughters’ hair at night, to hitting them with the brush in the morning…” Her mother was stroking Pollyanna’s hair with emotionless tears running down her cheeks.
Pollyanna stared at the wall with wide eyes.
She remembered her mother telling her this story over and over again when she was younger, but she had stopped one day, and Pollyanna had forgotten it since.
“Each of these mothers promised themselves that they would not end up like their own mothers, but eventually, all of them succumbed. They turned from good to evil…” Pollyanna’s mother whispered. “They knew not where this evilness came from. The only thing they knew was that it was something they couldn’t escape. There was one mother who knew she would succeed, however; one who loved her daughter more than life itself, and somehow, she overcame that unspeakable evil passed on from her mother, and she and her daughter lived happily ever after.”
Pollyanna breathed heavily—her heart beating out of control.
She now understood who the story was about.
I can’t have a child. I can’t have a child… She thought to herself determinedly.
__
“You won’t steal my gold again, will you?” Kline demanded in the morning as the two had breakfast together.
Pollyanna’s mother had been kind enough not to tell Kline that she let her daughter sleep indoors; Pollyanna went back outside just after Kline woke up, and when he let her in, he was none-the-wiser that she had slept indoors.
Pollyanna took a sip of her orange juice and shook her head silently.
“Good. I shall have to be more precise about the amount I give you from now on, little thief.” Kline said as he ate a piece of bacon off his fork. After he left for work, Pollyanna told the servants that Kline gave her an errand to run in town.
It was a lie.
In actuality, she wanted to go see Rory.
She headed into town and stood in the middle of a crowd for a moment. She delighted in the noisy comfort of knowing that there were people around who could help her if need be. It was delightful after living in silence and isolation at the edge of town with a man who beat her and a mother who was indifferent to her suffering. She strolled past the smithy that was belching smoke and the bakery that smelled of freshly baked bread.
-She saw Rory’s family shop in the distance—a shop that made cutlery, furniture, and other practical items—and quickened her pace. Her heart was in her ears the closer she got. Her eyes were so focused on the building that she bumped into someone.
She apologized profusely until she realized it was Rory she had bumped into.
It was all she could do to resist throwing her arms around him.
“Rory, I want to talk to you.” Pollyanna said frantically.
Rory was wearing an apron and carrying a heavy box that looked too big for such a small man. He looked at her sourly, thunder ringing in the distance. Eventually, his harsh expression softened, and he nodded slowly. “Let me deliver this box, and then I’ll meet you near the riverbank.”
Pollyanna nodded.
She watched him disappear into the crowd, sniffling. I blew it. He probably doesn’t want me at all anymore.
Pollyanna waited for Rory at the riverbank, wondering whether he would show up. She had left him suddenly and cruelly, after all when they had met up a week ago, and she still felt incredibly guilty about it.
She listened to the stormy sky, looking at her distorted reflection in the water.
It looked about as good as she felt.
Time passed, and eventually, another face appeared in the water next to hers.
She spun around, standing up. “Rory!”
He had his arms crossed angrily. “Why did you run off like that? Why did you continue avoiding me if you wanted to see me?
Pollyanna clasped her hands behind her back. “Because I’m married… Because I have my mother to think about.”
“Then why are you seeing me?” Rory challenged her. “You said you wanted me to save you, why don’t you let me?”
Pollyanna didn’t know what to say. She didn’t know what she wanted out of this meeting.
She just knew she was alone in her suffering. “Because it’s lonely… Can you be my friend? Even if you can’t be my lover?” Pollyanna asked. “I… I can’t let you be killed for running off with me. It—it would be far too dangerous…”
Rory came closer and closer until he was only two inches away from her.
She was scared he was going to push her in for a moment.
But he merely kissed her hand. “Of course I’ll be your friend. What brought this on?”
“Kline…” Pollyanna took a deep breath. “Kline struck me across the cheek. He—he tried to lock me outside and make me sleep outdoors last night. I was so frightened.”
Rory had a look of utter disbelief on his face. “God…” Was all he could say.
Pollyanna knew he wanted to argue with her more; she knew he wanted to convince her to leave with him, but she also knew that he knew that he couldn’t convince her.
All he could do was throw his arms around her in compassion.
She pressed her cheek into the top of his head, feeling warm and safe for a second. After a moment, he sat by the bank and she sat next to him. There was peaceful silence for a time. She leaned her cheek on his shoulder.
Eventually, he asked, “Why did he slap you? Why did he try to make you sleep outdoors?”
“Because I spent his gold on something I shouldn’t have…” Pollyanna whispered.
“What was it?”
“An amulet that prevents pregnancy. Promise me that you’ll never tell him. I told him I spent it on vegetables.” Pollyanna answered.
Rory couldn’t help but laugh at that, and Pollyanna couldn’t help but join him in his laughter. “I think you should pick a day and time for us to meet here each week. I want to be here for you as much as possible.” Rory said kindly. “As a friend, since you won’t have me as a husband.”
Pollyanna screwed her eyes shut, tears being squeezed out from them. “You don’t have to do this for me if you don’t want to. I want you to at least find a wife of your own if you do.”
“I told you; you’re the only one I want for a wife.” Rory said determinedly.
Pollyanna was taken aback by his kindness; she simply couldn’t comprehend why someone would lay down logic, their own happiness, and their future, to chase the ghost of a relationship with the least desirable girl in the town.
“But why?” Pollyanna asked breathlessly.
There was a long breadth of silence, and then…
“Because there’s no one else on Yharos like you. In many ways, we both blend in with everyone else; we’re just products of our parents—we’re what everyone wants and expects us to be—but deep down, there’s a piece of us that our parents didn’t instill within us—a piece that’s all our own—and I know that my piece will fit with no other but yours.” Rory explained as well as he could. “I know we’ll do great things… Things that the world would never expect of us.”
__
“He was right about one thing; I did end up doing great things that the world never expected of me.” Pollyanna murmured with ice in her voice.
“You think butchering innocents is something great? Something worthy of praise?” Eory contested.
“I think whittling out the weak in favor of the strong is something worthy of praise.” Pollyanna countered. “I whittled weak Pollyanna out and replaced her with someone strong; someone who can contribute something to this world.”
“I’m weak.” Eory said with brutal honesty. “Would you whittle me out, too?”
Pollyanna had no answer for a moment.
No. She screamed on the inside.
On the outside she said, “Yes. I see the potential for you to become someone strong; someone more worthy of the Arrozan name than any in the past.”
Eory looked disappointed, but he changed the subject. “Tell me the rest.”
“It’s about to get much worse, but your wish is my command.” Pollyanna whispered.
Chapter Thirty-Six: Numb
Eory wasn’t sure he believed Pollyanna when she said the story only got worse, but he was proved wrong.
It had gotten worse. Unimaginably worse.
His eyes, which had seen so little, were slowly being opened wider and wider to how much worse living outside his comfy prison could be than living inside.
The only thing more shocking than the story itself was the ineffectual way Pollyanna told it. She still shed no tears. Her voice did not waver, she didn’t look shaken at all.
Eory was chilled to the bone by how used to cruelties she truly was. He couldn’t fathom the horrors she had lived through. He was reminded that she was not just a fifty-year-old woman; she was hundreds of years old.
His heart ached for her.
__
Over the next year, Pollyanna became accustomed to being married to Kline. Because she wanted to keep Kline as amiable as possible, she had to learn the job of being a wife well. She had to be the best cook, the best seamstress, the best servant, and the best lover. She had to learn how to please him during the night as well as the day, even though it made her sick to her stomach.
She had become numb to it after a while, and that was the part that made her the sickest.
Even though she played the role of wife the best she could, Kline still found reasons to hurt her emotionally and physically. Most of his excuses for hurting her were rooted in her being unable to conceive a child.
“What is wrong with you? Why can’t you give me a child?” Kline demanded as he crawled into bed next to her. “Are you damaged? Cursed by Renthas Himself? I should divorce you and find a wife who can deliver me a child!”
Pollyanna said nothing. Her back was faced to him She stared listlessly at the wall.
“I’m sorry…” Kline murmured.
He grabbed her by the shoulder—rolling her toward him. Pollyanna kept her eyes low. She tried to hide her disgust for him. “I know you’ve been improving yourself just for me. I’ve shaped you into a fine wife.”
Pollyanna murmured, “Thank you.”
“We’ll just have to try harder, won’t we?” Kline whispered, tugging her closer.
“Yes.” Pollyanna replied subserviently.
Kline was an enigmatic man.
He was a monster to her. He would treat her how he wished no matter how she protested; sometimes he would slap her across the face for the most minor of offenses, but other times…
He was bizarrely kind to her.
He would take her out to festivals and parties held in town and buy her the most expensive outfits available; he liked to dress her up like a doll, and in front of others, he treated her like a glass doll. He would kiss her sweetly, he would give her the compliments she deserved for being such a wonderful wife, and sometimes he would even continue being kind to her when they came back to the manor after such social events.
At times, Pollyanna enjoyed being married to him, and she loathed herself for it.
She felt like she was being unfaithful to Rory, even though he was neither her husband nor her lover. She had been visiting Rory every week like she promised him she would. During these visits, she would try to avoid bringing up Kline because it would always anger Rory and lead to him begging her to leave the town with him.
This time, however, she couldn’t help but bring him up.
They had scaled a small, rocky mountain just outside of town. Pollyanna told the manor staff that she had to go out shopping and wouldn’t be back until sundown. 
She and Rory enjoyed the cool breeze from up high as they gazed upon their little town down below. The fresh scent of pollen was in Pollyanna’s nose; she breathed it in deeply, and then sneezed. She gathered her thoughts and tried to tell Rory how she was feeling in a calm manner, but the words spilled out of her mouth hastily. “I feel so confused, Rory. I shouldn’t enjoy any part of being married to him. He buys me a few nice trinkets and clothes and suddenly I’m okay with being married to him; suddenly, I’m okay with the way he hits me and the bruises he’s given me underneath my clothes…” Pollyanna lamented. She couldn’t even muster any more tears at her situation; she had used them up in the past year.
Rory squeezed her hand affectionately. “Of course you can’t help but feel a little affection for someone you’ve lived so long with. Don’t blame yourself.” He was so kind. Even when she was speaking of her sick feelings for her cruel husband and master, he was kind to her and defended her feelings.
Pollyanna squeezed his hand tighter. She gave him a smile that was more than an ordinary smile—it was a beckoning smile. Rory felt prompted to yanking on her hands and bringing her down to his eye-level, which was quite short, considering he was an imp.
Pollyanna couldn’t look away—his brown eyes had her.
She could never quite fathom why the other girls didn’t find him attractive; it was true that he was an imp, but it did nothing to detract from his beautiful smile, his wide and honest eyes, nor his curly black hair.
She ran a hand through his hair with a giggle. “Your hair is so soft!”
His sweet face scrunched up in a smile; he surprised her and shoved his lips against hers.
She didn’t reject him as she thought she would; she kissed him back and had nearly no regrets about it. She giggled, pushing him down easily. She kissed him more and more aggressively--she realized she had taken things too far when she found that her hands were trying to undress him and that his were doing the same to her.
She wanted him to undress her…
Until she thought of how many times Kline had kissed and defiled her lips, and she could let his perfect ones be tainted by hers no longer. She pulled away and looking down at her hands.
A soft breeze undercut the quiet moment as the two retreated into their sullen thoughts about their unfortunate situation.
“Why can’t you let yourself kiss someone you really love?” Rory asked—hiding his face with a sniffle.
“My lips are unworthy.” She answered.
__
Pollyanna couldn’t get that kiss out of her head.
Her head was hot with passion as she began walking back to the manor under a red sunset. She had parted ways with Rory once they reached the bottom of the mountain, but his kiss had not left her even after he did.
It was strange how his kisses could make her heart skip a beat—how they had the power to make her blush just by thinking of them—where Kline’s made her feel used, dirty, and embarrassed. Sometimes, she would have a servant draw her a bath during the day when it felt like she couldn’t wash his kisses off, and she would still feel dirty.
Pollyanna shielded herself against the chilly, winter wind by throwing her hood up as she entered the little town. She waved to some friends she knew from various social events as she passed through the wavering, orange-red light which was fast turning into blue nightshade.
She kept her eyes glued to her feet, as nervous girls like herself tended to do. All noise died out around her but for the shrieking wind as she left the bustling town and came to the manor sitting at the edge of it.
Pollyanna knocked on the door and the servants let her in. She made sure the manor was spotless and dinner was ready for Kline when he would arrive. After that, she reclined on her bed, continuing to read a new book Kline had given her.
She sighed.
Kline had been coming home later and later; she wondered what was keeping him. She had to admit that it could get very lonely without him. He came home an hour late. She was furious at him.
Because he had been kind to her lately, she felt that she could ask him, “Where have you been?”
Kline bristled.
Pollyanna instinctively turned her cheek.
His shoulders, which had gone rigid, relaxed at her automatic reaction. He murmured, “it is not your place to worry, little bird.”
Pollyanna lowered her eyes.
She said something very unlike her. “I just miss you when you're late…”
“Do you?” Kline said with a playful smirk.
Pollyanna blushed, gingerly looking to the side.
She let him do as he wished and stared up at the ceiling wordlessly and sleeplessly afterwards.
She felt unimaginably filthy.
She shouldn’t enjoy any part of being married to a man who had snatched away an innocence she could never regain. The scars and memories from that night plagued every romantic interaction she had had ever since.
Even that perfect kiss she shared with Rory.
She tried to reason with herself that it was justified for her to have some amount of good will toward someone who she had lived with for so long and who she had shared intimate moments with. She tried to reason that, if it weren’t for this man, however vile he may be, that she would still be living in poverty. She would still be going to bed on an empty stomach while her mother would have had to work a job—something incredibly shameful for a woman to have to do—and would have to toil day-after-day until she died just like Pollyanna’s father had—if someone would even be willing to hire a woman at all, which was very unlikely.
But no matter how hard she tried to excuse the small feelings she had for Kline, she always came to the conclusion that she was a streetwalker; someone who prized gold and trinkets above their own bodies.
__
Pollyanna noticed that Kline was acting very oddly over the next week. Normally, he would have two personalities; cruel and kind. Lately, however, he had only been kind. She wondered if it had to do with him being gone later than usual.
She asked the servants, “Do any of you have any idea why my husband is being kept late?”
“I’m not sure, my Lady. He has far to travel, and his job is very demanding.” One of the servants told her.
Pollyanna had found out since they had been married that Kline was a stone mason who worked in a nearby city that was about an hour away on horseback. He would often complain about the job to her, and she would listen quietly and without comments as he liked her to.
“Oh…” Pollyanna murmured.
Pollyanna sighed as she settled down with a book at night. Why is this bothering me? I should be happy that he’s leaving me alone.
Crickets chirped outside. Rain began pattering on the window.
Pollyanna closed her eyes and sniffled. Why shouldn’t it bother me? I’m so lonely otherwise…
Pollyanna let the sound of the raindrops falling fill her ears as she fell deep into the spiraling prison of her thoughts. Behind the bars of that dark prison, a bright light shone.
Pollyanna’s eyes opened. I can see Rory every day if Kline keeps this up!
Pollyanna grinned, nearly yelling because she was so excited.
Instead, she threw the windows open and breathed in the rainy, fresh air.
She leaned her chin on the windowsill with a lovesick smile, enjoying the scent of raindrops on dirt.
Until a loud crash disrupted the pristine moment.
Pollyanna thought it may have been thunder for a moment, but she realized it had come from her mother’s house.
She cocked her head to the side.
She didn’t know why, but despite the rain and cool air, she was sweating profusely.
Maybe it was nothing…
CRASH!
Blood pounded in her ears.
She wasted no more time.
She put on a cloak to protect herself from the rain and headed outdoors. She crossed the short space between the manor and her mother’s house.
She whispered, “Mother?” As she rose a fist and gently knocked on the door.
The door groaned, gently swinging inward.
Unlocked?
Pollyanna stepped inside.
Her pulse quickened; her hands were trembling as she walked down the hallway under black shadows being cast by the torches hung on the wall.
Loud panting and struggling filled her ears.
Her pace quickened a little.
“Mother…?” Pollyanna’s voice wavered as she stopped at the bedroom door.
The door was slightly ajar.
Giggling could be heard from within.
From what little she could see of the room through the small, narrow crack in the door, clothes were strewn about on the floor along with shards of a shattered vase.
Her hands went cold; all warmth left her body as she creaked the door open.
She was in denial of what she saw.
Her husband and her mother were a hideous, entangled mass of naked flesh on the bed—delighting in each other’s sinful arrogance.
A horrified gasp was caught in Pollyanna’s throat as she looked on in disgust.
Her mind was spinning with emotions that she couldn’t handle.
Her mother noticed her in a moment; her face lined with shock. Kline hadn’t noticed and was still kissing her mother on the neck.
Pollyanna slowly rose a shaking hand to her mouth.
“Pollyanna—” her mother rose a hand, but Pollyanna had already turned away from the scene and was dashing through the house and out into the pouring rain. Her whole body felt weak as her legs moved her toward the riverbank.
“Mother…”
“Mother…”
“Mother…”
Pollyanna repeated to herself over and over again as she moved as one undead through the grove of trees separating her from the bank.
Her feet came to a stop when she finally reached it.
She looked into the water; her distorted reflection looked back at her.
Rain gently ¬plopped into the water, making wattery rings wherever they fell. Wordlessly, Pollyanna laid down on the riverbank and curled herself into a ball.
Daddy…
She remembered a time when she had slept in his protective arms and, somehow, she managed to fall asleep in the rain.
-Chapter Thirty-Seven: For the Price of Gold
Pollyanna murmured with her cheek pressed against the edge of Eory’s mattress, as if she were still in the past and trying to fall asleep in the rain, “It’s cold.” Eory could have sworn he felt a raindrop on his cheek as she said it—being as imaginative as he was.
The young girl tried to fall asleep under the cascading, freezing liquid, to no avail. She thought that the only thing colder than the rain upon her cheek, was the indifference of her mother—who couldn’t care less whether the girl were sleeping in a soft bed or in a watery creek. Eory mused to himself as he gnawed his arm.
Poetry at a time like this! Taylor interrupted.
“Quiet, you…” Eory whispered.
When Pollyanna cocked her head to the side, he cleared his throat awkwardly. “If you’re cold… You can sit up here with me.”
Pollyanna smiled softly. She stroked her chin. She glanced up at the ceiling briefly, and then back to Eory—pretending like it was a difficult decision. She swung herself on top of the bed.
She paused, momentarily, with either knee on either side of Eory’s hips—intending to roll to his side—but he impulsively grabbed her arm with one hand and, staying her where she was.
The old woman was frozen like a statue.
She breathed heavily; she felt like she did on the rare occasion that an enemy soldier managed to disarm her in combat.
Where does this confidence come from? Taylor wondered sarcastically.
From you. Eory replied, holding Pollyanna’s gaze with his own seductively.
Playing with a woman who could be killed by such actions? To think I thought you were good and boring! Taylor exclaimed excitedly.
His body was filled with passion that he didn’t know what to do with.
I don’t want to play with her. I want to make love to her. Eory admitted to both himself and Taylor. Whatever that entails… I’m sure I can figure it out.
But his passion was nothing compared to the passion that Pollyanna felt; the passion she knew what to do with. She was not an imaginative woman, but she was now.
Eory’s eyes roamed over her body and made her feel like the most wanted woman on Yharos; particularly when they rested on her chest which was slightly exposed due to the loose neckline on her gown.
He ran an elegant hand through her rough hair. He murmured in a sing-song voice. “Got my hand through it…” Pollyanna giggled as it got stuck in tangle the further down it went in her hair.
She waved a finger at him. “Not quite.”
Eory was only provoked by her coy manner; he sat up—gently pushing her down on the foot of the bed as he did so. There was a sharp pain in her heart that she barely noticed because it was beating with such pleasure. She closed her eyes and turned her face on her cheek with a delighted sigh.
Eory surveyed her body with delight, incredibly impressed by how muscular it was--how surprisingly curvy it was under her clothes. It was scarred, but that just made it more worldly to him--more desirable--because he craved that worldliness.
Her chest heaved up and down. His eyes were glued to it.
He desired to press his hand to it--but was too nervous to follow through. Pollyanna opened her eyes and saw him looking; she lifted his thin wrist and placed his hand on her breast.
Eory’s head felt light with pleasure; he was willing to kill her in that moment to follow through with that pleasure. His imagination drove him crazy with what lay beneath her nightgown. A soft moan—a low uttering of his name--escaping her lips drove him madder.
His lips came close to hers with some small restraint.
Pollyanna grinned. She murmured in a low, sultry tone, “You’re not willing to kill me to get what you want?”
A dark impulse nearly spurred him on. An irresistible impulse. She’s mine! Why shouldn’t I be able to do what I wish with her?
His eyes went wild; a maniacal grin took hold of his face.
Pollyanna recognized the look and was intrigued by it. She realized she may very well die if she didn’t shove him off, but she oddly didn’t care. Either way I’ll have gotten something I want. She thought to herself. If he stops, I’ll live. If he continues, I’ll die happy.
Eory noticed his hand was digging too deeply into her breast. He gasped retreating to the other side of the bed. He didn't know what had come over him.
Pollyanna was slightly disappointed as she sat up. He looked upon her like a treasure he could not have.
It was frustrating. Almost as frustrating as wanting her to be who he wanted her to be.
He wiped the sweat from his forehead and sunk his teeth into his arm. “Continue.”
Pollyanna grinned, obliging.
__
Fourteen-year-old Pollyanna awoke to find that her clothes were sopping wet. She groaned as the sun, partially covered by gray clouds, hurt her tired eyes.
She blinked once and saw darkness; she blinked twice and saw her mother standing over her. Her face was not stony and cold as it usually was. She looked embarrassed and regretful. “Pollyanna, there was no reason for you to run away and worry us to death…” Her mother began.
Pollyanna’s face was gray and emotionless as she listened.
“What you saw—it’s nothing to worry about. He’s your husband, after all. He cares for no one else but you.” Her mother continued. “What he has with me is…”
Pollyanna blinked slowly. She rigidly climbed to her feet. Her cloak was heavy with rainwater. It drizzled from her cloak as she moved toward town. Her mother watched her in silent shock for a moment as Pollyanna walked away from her.
She trailed her daughter after she recovered from her shock. “Pollyanna, where are you going?”
There was silence but for the gravel being crunched underneath Pollyanna’s boots.
All the girl could say was, “Go away. You disgust me.”
Her mother stopped in her tracks.
She didn’t follow her daughter after that.
__
The townspeople gave Pollyanna odd looks as she passed them by.
They wondered where this noble girl with deep circles under her eyes, disheveled hair, and a sopping wet cloak was going.
Not even Pollyanna knew where she was going.
She left the town without greeting any of the friends she knew from parties and festivals and approached the mountain where she had kissed Rory in the distance.
She scaled it easily, hugging her knees when she reached the top.
Normally, she would be delighted by the rainbow spread across the sky and the beautiful, golden-edged clouds framing the mountains in the distance. It was as if it were a painting come to life.
Instead, she felt nothing but sickness inside.
She realized that she still felt very tired.
She curled up on her side and went back to sleep.
__
“Get up.” Kline nudged her with the tip of his boot.
Pollyanna groaned and rolled over.
“Get up!” Kline said furiously.
He seized her arm, hauling her to her feet.
“You’re a woman now. You can’t spend your time pouting like a child! You could catch a cold sitting out in the rain like this!” Kline dug his fingers into her arm so roughly that she was sure it would bruise. There was a time she would have whimpered at that.
Now, she yanked her arm away. “Don’t touch me.”
“What did you say?” Kline demanded.
He drew himself to his full height.
She smirked as she realized for the first time since they had been married that he was only barely taller than her.
“Is this funny to you?” Kline rose his hand.
Pollyanna knitted her brows. “What will you do to me? Will you hit me? Call me names? Rape me? Kill me? You’ve done all of these things but the last; there are no other ways you can hurt me. So why don’t you kill me? Throw me off the mountain, cut my throat… I’m sure the guards will come looking for me. So do it; I’ll die happy knowing that you would be thrown in the dungeon.”
Kline slammed his knuckles into her stomach.
Her knees buckled. She cradled her stomach. Weakly, she climbed to her feet unsteadily in a moment.
“I could divorce you.” Kline whispered threateningly. “No more good meals. No more fancy clothes. No more… Soft sighs.”
Kline murmured, pulling her up against him.
“You have my mother for that.” Pollyanna spat, shoving him away. “I don’t care whether you divorce me. I only married you to support my mother.”
Pollyanna paused—her eyes flicking from the ground and then back to Kline’s face. “Why would you do this? It’s not enough that you have to own and rape me, but you have to have my mother, too? Does this make you feel powerful? Were you a tiny noble? Did the other nobles laugh at you and your comparative lack of wealth? Is that what this is about?”
Kline was stunned at her sudden boldness.
His look of shock turned into a dark rage. “I won’t divorce you; I’ll lock you in the manor and use you only what you were meant to be used for.”
Angry tears cascaded down Pollyanna’s cheeks in response.
“You’ll go to the underworld and you’ll be torn apart by thousands of monsters for this.” Pollyanna replied.
__
After they reached the bottom of the mountain, Kline was dragging Pollyanna along by the arm toward the town.
Pollyanna had very few options.
She could try to fight him now and perhaps get away, but to what end? She had nowhere to go but to the nearest convent.
Similarly, she could attempt to show the guards in the town her bruises so she could get a lawful divorce, but she wasn’t sure the bruises she just got would show up just yet. She wasn’t even sure the guards would take her side.
For both of these options, her mother would likely end up on the street, which brought Pollyanna to tears. She impulsively decided to take her chances here and now.
She elbowed Kline in the side and sprinted south where the convent lay.
She gasped and panted as she ran.
She looked back and saw that Kline was not pursuing her.
He merely stood still with an oddly restrained expression on his face.
Her heart was beating with joy as she put more and more inches between herself and Kline. I’m free… I’m free!
She didn’t care about having to live the rest of her life in a convent; all she cared about was being free.
Until she remembered Rory.
When she remembered Rory, she sobbed horribly, but kept running.
__
An hour or so passed.
Pollyanna’s legs were getting tired as she walked through a land so silent that she thought she might be the only one upon it.
Even the chilly breeze had died down. The only sounds left were her heavy breathing and the sound of gravel flying beneath her feet.
Nothing but dirt and an open road were stretched ahead of her as far as the eye could see. She had been running as often as she could to put as much distance between her and the town, but she had slowed down to a crawl. Her legs ached.
Thundering in the distance abruptly filled her ears.
Her eyes widened. There was no storm in the sky.
She looked behind her.
Pollyanna saw the distant silhouettes of horses charging toward her.
She pushed herself to running despite the fact that her legs were aching; her vision was wobbly.
Frightened tears relentlessly fell from her red eyes--obscuring her vision.
The thundering was fast approaching.
In front of her, she saw no convent; she saw no buildings or people at all. It was just her and the fast-approaching horsemen behind her. She was still far away from it. The gap between the horsemen and their quarry was fast closing.
A cloud of dust flew under the horses’ hooves as they began encircling Pollyanna to block her escape. One of the horses dashed in front of Pollyanna, blocking her path with a resounding whinny.
She recognized the town guards atop the horses; more than that, she recognized Kline riding on the back of one of the horses. One of the knights dismounted, holding a piece of rolled up parchment in hand.
He unfurled it in front of Pollyanna and asked, “Is this your wedding contract?”
“Yes, but—” Pollyanna began, about to show them her bruises.
“Then you are this man’s wife. He could punish you for this, you know.” The guard chided her.
“Please listen!” Pollyanna begged. “This man has been abusing me! In the eyes of Renthas, that makes the marriage null and void! It’s enough to warrant a divorce!”
The knight raised an eyebrow. “Show me your bruises, girl.”
Pollyanna showed the knight her arm where Kline had grabbed her roughly, and then lifted her blouse to show the knight an ugly green bruise beginning to form on her stomach.
“I see nothing.” The knight said stoically.
“What? But—”
“Come with me, girl.” The knight grabbed her by the arm and lifted her up onto the horse.
The world swam in Pollyanna’s eyes.
__
“I learned later that they had taken a bribe from Kline, because why wouldn’t they?” Pollyanna snorted. “The things people are willing to sell for a few gold pieces…”
Eory listened silently.
Yharos is ugly. Yharos should burn. Taylor thought his ugliest thoughts for him.
--Chapter Thirty-Eight: Practical
Pollyanna unabashedly curled up next to Eory, draping a dark-skinned arm over his stomach. Eory, who had been looking up at the ceiling, turned on his side, meeting her eyes, “Why are you tempting me when it could result in your death?”
Pollyanna snorted with a remorseful smile. “I’m not tempting you… Even I start to miss physical contact after awhile, and that’s all this is; comfort, not sex. Won’t you grant this lonely old soldier a small boon?”
Eory wondered if that was truly her intention, considering the fact that she was giving him bedroom eyes. 
Her sudden recklessness—the fact that she didn’t care whether she lived or died—disturbed him. The fact that, for a moment, he didn’t care whether she lived or died, disturbed him all-the-more.
He tried to ignore the passions boiling within him even now. Eory’s wondered aloud. “Would you really not care if I killed you here and now? You certainly didn’t seem to care earlier.”
A mischievousness smile adorned Pollyanna’s face. “Oh, I would care... One of my dreams is to live forever, after all. I want to help create the greatest world possible while I live—a world where only the strong live. However, I have already left my mark on this world, which was my greatest dream of all. No soul will upon Yharos will ever forget that I existed. If I were to die here and now by you, it wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world—especially if it gave you that push you needed to become a true Arrozan.”
Eory knew no words could convince her that slaughtering innocents and wishing for a world where the weak did not exist was wrong. He knew there were conflicts in her way of thinking, however; conflicts he had exploited already and wanted to continue to exploit to help her see the truth.
Pollyanna was a logical, practical, and hard woman. Eory had to make her realize that her way of thinking wasn’t so logical for her to see the light. But first, he needed to understand her. He prompted her to continue once again. “I want to hear the rest of the story.”
Pollyanna obeyed. “I wasn’t allowed to leave the manor for months. At the end of six months, however, I was able to gain his trust back, and I was able to leave when he dictated I could each day. I was sure Rory would have married some other girl by the time I finally got to see him again…”
__
Pollyanna headed out into the town with her hood up.
It had been so long since she had seen anyone other than the manor staff, Kline, and occasionally her mother, that she had become very nervous about seeing strangers. She was sent out to town to run errands for Kline like she had in the past, and if she didn’t come back in an hour, he would punish her.
She hurried.
She was a scared little girl again; whipped into a subservient, happy little slave through threats and violence. She was ordered to talk to no one but the butcher and the fisherman who were selling her proposed dinner for the night. Some of the townsfolk recognized her and tried to greet her—they wanted to ask where she had been for the past few months—but she quickly sped past them before they could tell her more than a “hello”.
The land was gray under blanketing clouds. Raindrops parted the dirt where they fell—creating tiny, thumb-sized puddles as they did so. Pollyanna stepped inside the fisherman’s shop and picked up a bass, and then turned toward the butcher’s shop across the way.
She saw a familiar face looking at her in front of the butcher’s shop.
Pollyanna tightened her hood.
She turned away and began walking back to the manor without the meat. He’ll forgive me this one time since I’ve otherwise been so good.
She quickened her pace as the imp began following her. She intended to hide in the crowd that was coming her way.
“Pollyanna!” Rory finally called.
Pollyanna stopped for a moment where she stood.
In another moment, she ran.
The bottom of her long, green cloak brushed the dirty, rainy ground as she went.
The rain seemed to intensify as she got closer and closer to the manor.
“Pollyanna!” Rory called again, voice carried on a brisk wind.
Pollyanna did not slow down. She sped up.
“Polly—” Rory began again but was stayed when he saw the tall girl fall and slide through mud.
He was at her side in an instant. Her hood had fallen back, revealing her pained, tear-streaked face.
“Are you oka—” Rory began, but was interrupted by Pollyanna throwing her arms around him, weeping heavily. He just held her for a moment and was glad the passersby did not seem to recognize them.
“Stay and talk with me for a moment… Where have you been?” Rory asked.
Pollyanna stood up, and she was reminded of how wretchedly tall she was when she looked down at him. he was silent for a moment, looking down at her red heels.
“Let’s get you somewhere dry…” Rory suggested with an accommodating smile.
Pollyanna nodded, despite knowing better.
__
He took her to an abandoned cottage at the edge of town.
Pollyanna looked upon the disaster of a cottage with dry eyes and a smile she couldn’t help.
There was a hole in the roof and black rot eating away at the wood at all corners. Pollyanna hunched over, stepped inside, and exclaimed, “What a quaint little cottage to start a family in!”
Rory grinned, joining Pollyanna in staring up at the leaking roof. “I fear it would be very inappropriate to raise a child in such a house.”
Pollyanna sighed resignedly. “I fear we couldn’t, regardless. I am sure you already have a lovely wife who is with child.”
There was a long silence, and then he finally replied, “I told you that I would love no other.”
Pollyanna let out a tearful laugh, so relieved was she that he still hadn’t found a wife. She fell to her knees and wrapped her arms around him. “You are too good and kind to me.”
Rory screwed his eyes shut with tears brimming at the corner of his eyes.
He begged her to tell him everything, and she did.
She told him of her mother and Kline. She told him of the weeks she had been kept captive at the manor after that. She told him of how she was not treated as a wife, but instead a prostitute.
“I can’t even run away or get a divorce!” Pollyanna wept. “He has bribed the guards; they will ignore any bruises I get, and if they ignore those, they will always bring me back if I try to run as is Kline’s right as my husband.”
Rory held her cheeks in his hands.
She felt unworthy to look upon him, and so she didn’t. She averted her eyes shyly.
“Say the word, and I will run away with you in the dead of night or even during the day.” Rory whispered.
Pollyanna felt her heart beating out of control. Not because she could possibly consider endangering Rory’s life by running away from him, but because of something else which could be even more dangerous.
It was because she wanted him desperately.
She pressed her lips to his. “I fear… If you don’t get me out of this dress… That I will catch cold.”
Rory was in disbelief of what she was asking. He knew the dangers of what she was asking, and yet he could not help himself.
Pollyanna didn’t realize, before that moment, that making love could be anything but dirty and torturous.
She didn’t think it could be something pure and pleasurable.
__
--Kline’s frustration at Pollyanna had only mounted after that.
He wanted a child more than anything, and Pollyanna appeared unable to give him one. He was on the verge of divorcing her, but could not justify it before the law and was unwilling to deal with the ramifications of such a decision.
“I would have to pay your living expenses for the rest of your life. That would not do. I suppose I’m stuck with you…” He spat hatefully.
Pollyanna thanked god that the amulet she had placed under the bed was working. Both for her own sake and the sake of any would-be-child.
Kline called in a physician weekly to check on her health and to see if she were pregnant. The physician would press her hands to Pollyanna’s belly and look perplexed. “I don’t understand… She’s perfectly healthy, she should have had gotten pregnant at least once by now…”
Pollyanna would perspire intensely each time the physician came around. If Kline were to find out about the amulet, she was sure he would kill her.
In the meantime, whenever she was let out of the manor, she would see Rory when she could. Most of the time, they would just talk. Rory would often give her news that she was unaware of due to being locked in the manor.
“The fairies are getting closer and closer to the Maribel border. If they attack, our town would be one of the first to be taken…” Rory worried.
“What are you talking about?” Pollyanna asked confusedly.
“Don’t you know? Fairies are marching upon Maribel. They intend to take the whole kingdom for themselves. Word has it that they are fairly small in number, and it is well known that fairies are little more than animalistic savages, but they do have powerful magic where we humans don’t…” Rory murmured solemnly.
Such talk worried Pollyanna to no end. She wondered if Kline planned to move elsewhere. When she asked him, he told her there was nothing to worry about and that the king was sending an army to deter the approaching fairies.
While most of the time she and Rory would just talk, other times, they would get carried away and would end up sleeping together. And blissfully, very little happened to her over the next month.
Until one morning when she felt sick to her stomach and threw up.
Kline called the physician, and as the woman pressed her fingers to Pollyanna’s stomach, her face lit up. “Renthas has heard your prayers! You’re pregnant, Pollyanna!” The physician exclaimed—clapping her hands together excitedly.
Pollyanna, who was sitting on the edge of their bed, stared ahead in horror as Kline kissed her far too intimately and possessively in front of company. “I knew it. I knew you were the one who would finally give me a child!” Kline exclaimed.
The physician awkwardly averting her gaze.
Pollyanna knew the amulet was still under the bed.
The baby was not Kline’s.
Chapter Thirty-Nine: Enshadowed
Pollyanna was so paralyzed with fear that her joints were frozen solid where she sat on the bed. The physician hastily bowed her way out of the room and left Pollyanna and Kline alone.
“I will stop working while you’re pregnant so I can take care of you and make sure the baby comes out good and healthy.” Kline informed her cheerfully.
Her mind finally began turning again after moments of being petrified with fear. I have to run away with Rory. I have to dispose of the amulet.
“Kline…” Pollyanna murmured as he addictively stroked her stomach. “Kline…”
“What is it, my darling?” Once again, he had changed from the cruel Kline to the kind and accommodating Kline as he leaned his head on her stomach.
“What would you like for dinner? Shall I go fetch us something to eat?” Pollyanna said as calmly as she could muster.
“No, no. You stay here and rest, my darling. I’ll have the servants do your chores. In the meantime, I think I should have a separate bed for you set up for you in a different room. That way, I know I won’t be… tempted.” Kline kissed her cheek and climbed to his feet. “I’ll make preparations now.”
Pollyanna watched him leave and didn’t realize how tense her muscles were until she was alone.
She wasted no time in crawling under the bed with panicked breaths. Her fingers closed over the amulet. With the trinket in hand, she peered out into the hallway. She glanced in both directions, and when she saw it was empty, she stdpped into it. Where should I hide it? Where should I hide it?
It was unlikely she could sneak out of the manor unnoticed to dispose of it. Even if she could, Kline would notice she was gone and would get suspicious.
Even if he finds it… Pollyanna began reasoning with herself calmly. He probably wouldn’t know what it was. I can just tell him that it’s a charm to aid in pregnancy… Otherwise, I can just wait for an opportunity to hide it elsewhere. Hopefully I’ll be long gone before he can ever find it, anyway…
She put the amulet back under her bed and then crawled under her covers. “Please god… Please make it so he doesn’t find it.”
__
Another achingly slow and worrisome week passed Pollyanna by wherein Kline demanded she stay in bed nearly all day but for dinner.
And during dinner, Kline shared the news with Pollyanna that fighting was about to begin between the invading fairies and the king’s knights. “I saw them marching through town,” Kline told Pollyanna while he cut into a slab of meat. “There were definitely enough of them to deter the fairies—especially considering they have double the training of any of those savages.”
Pollyanna nodded silently, eating a spoonful of rice. She cared nothing for any oncoming wars; her mind was entirely fixed on her unborn child.
“By the way,” Kline said. “Your mother would like to see you alone tomorrow. She expects you in the morning.”
Pollyanna saw an opportunity, and she took it. She smiled brightly. “I would love that. Would you mind if I ate breakfast with her in town? I would… Like to tell some of our friends that I’m pregnant.”
Kline raised a skeptical eyebrow, but he eventually nodded after giving it some thought. His ego was stroked. “Of course you may spread the news of my glorious baby boy. I’ll be moving things around in the house while you’re away; a baby is a big change and the manor should reflect that.”
“Thank you.” Pollyanna replied as sweetly as she could muster.
__
The next morning, Pollyanna awoke with a thudding heart after a sleepless night.
There was no time to waste.
She let Kline kiss both her cheeks after the servants drew her a bath. Before she left, she took her time getting out the door. She did not want to make her husband suspicious.
Once she had left, however, she dropped all pretenses. She sprinted toward town as fast as she could under a gently rising sun. When she arrived in town, her eyes darted around quickly, searching for Rory. She was hoping Rory would be outside his house, but she appeared to be out of luck.
She didn’t think his family’s shop was open this early in the morning, but she nonetheless tried knocking with no luck. The thought of knocking on his parent’s door and risking Rory’s discretion was not a comforting one, but she had little choice.
She approached his door--raising a fist. She rapped her knuckles against the door.
Answer, answer… Pollyanna begged, sweat from her forehead dripping into her eyes.
No answer.
Her mind was blanketed in trepidation at the silence. Answer… Answer!
She knocked again without reticence.
“Coming, coming!”
Pollyanna sighed a sigh of relief. That was Rory’s voice.
She heard his footsteps shuffling behind the door. It opened after a beat and she nearly threw herself at him when he opened it.
“Who is it, Rory?” His mother--who was thankfully in another room--asked.
Rory glanced behind him and answered quickly, “No one, mom.”
He stepped outside the house, hastily shutting the door behind him. “What are you doing, Pollyanna?”
“There’s no time to explain! You have to come with me, now!” Pollyanna grabbed his hand, trying to tear him from his stoop.
“Pollyanna, wait! What’s this about?” Rory demanded, wrenching his hand away from hers.
“I’m pregnant! I’m pregnant!” Pollyanna sobbed hysterically. “We have to leave!”
“Pregnant? But you said the amulet was working…” Rory’s voice trailed off as he realized whose child she was carrying.
A slow smile bloomed on his face. “It’s mine?”
Pollyanna nodded and couldn’t help but return his smile. She was so happy it was his and not Kline’s, but she was also in a panic. Every minute that went by while she was running away was a minute Kline could spend catching up to them.
Rory’s smile slowly melted from his face. He began to realize the danger they were both in. “I’m too short to ride a horse… Do you know how to ride one?”
Pollyanna shook her head.
“We’ll go on foot, then… I’ll… I’ll get supplies.” Rory murmured. “I suppose… It would be best not to say goodbye to my parents.”
His voice was the most nervous and melancholy she had ever heard it, and she realized how cruel it was to ask him to give up his whole life to run away with her. “You don’t have to do this if you don’t want to.”
Rory was quiet as he looked down on his feet.
Pollyanna knew he had good, kind, loving parents. She thought for sure he would decide to stay with them over leaving with her.
“No. I told you before I would run away with you if you asked. Well, now you’ve asked.” Rory said determinedly. He held her hands in his. “This is what I’ve always wanted. I want to be a father and a good husband like my dad; you’ve given me that opportunity where no other woman has!”
Pollyanna’s dark cheeks turned red and her heart bloomed with affection and love. She felt like she had improved his life by being in it; she could say that about no one else.
“Go wait for me on the east side of town; I’ll join you once I have the supplies.” Rory kissed her hands and then set out.
__
Time eked by at a snail’s pace as Pollyanna waited for him at the east side of town behind a black, rotting oak tree. She had little else to do but count the seconds as they went by. There was nothing of interest for her eyes to see as she looked out upon the endless, dead land stretching out in front of her.
One, two, three, four…
Pollyanna peered out from behind the tree and looked west--toward town.
No one was coming her way.
Five, six, seven…
She heard laughter and the scuffling of feet nearby.
It was only children playing tag close to town.
Eight, nine, ten…
She counted to sixty, but she was so nervous about what was to come that she could count no more.
She exhausted herself with her worrying.
She sunk to the earth, wondering if Rory abandoned her. He had perfect reason to, after all. He could either live a peaceful life with his parents or run away with her on a perilous journey. The choice was clear.
She closed her eyes, nearly dozing off as her thoughts kept spiraling, weighing heavily upon her sore shoulders.
“Pollyanna.” A voice cut through her negative reverie sometime later.
Her eyes flew open. She choked on a gasp as she backed up against the tree.
She smiled sheepishly when she saw it was only Rory. He was carrying a large pack on his back.
He looked at her confidently. “Are you ready?”
Pollyanna took a deep breath. There was no way she could ever be ready for this dangerous undertaking. Nonetheless, she nodded.
She was out of options.
She didn’t know when Kline would allow her to leave the manor again, after all. She was sure he would be able to tell that the baby was not his when it came out, and even if he didn’t, there was no way she would raise her baby with a man she hated.
She began walking down the dirt road with Rory in tow.
He was looking over a map of Maribel.
Rory mumbled under his breath. “We should get off the road right now. We’ll take the long way around to Brined—they won’t expect that.”
Pollyanna glanced at the map. It would probably take two weeks to get to Brined taking the road… It’ll take even longer going off road.
She followed Rory off the path and out into the barren, brown wasteland surrounding it.
__
Pollyanna’s legs were sore after walking for two weeks out in the wasteland. Her hair was grimy and disheveled; unforgiving heat stuck to her and coated her clothes in sweat. All of her muscles were sore and tense. She began to feel sick.
Her feet had blisters, and every step she took made her nearly weep with pain.
They had to rest often because her feet were sore and tender.
“I’m sorry… I’m sorry…” Pollyanna said through tears in her eyes as they rested in the shade of a rocky mountain. “This is all my fault.”
Rory, whose face was sunburnt, shook his head and whispered as he offered Pollyanna a canteen, “Stop apologizing. We’re going to be fine, and this is no one’s fault. This is a blessing. They haven’t found us yet, and I don’t think they’re going to. I think we should be able to get to Brined in another day or so and then we can get some proper rest and have a good meal. Now, have you thought of any baby names?”
Pollyanna calmed down as he soothed her woes, and she took deep breaths. I have to have faith… Faith like he does.
Pollyanna forced a smile. “I don’t know… Rory?”
Rory’s face scrunched up in a smile and he nudged her with an elbow. “What an ugly name! I like Pollyanna much better. Doesn’t it sound sweet and resilient?”
Pollyanna wiped the tears from her eyes with a wobbly smile. “No, no! It sounds weak and cowardly! Rory sounds strong! It sounds like a lion’s roar!”
Somehow, he cheered her up like he always did and made her remember that the world had more than misery to offer. They found a cave to sleep in before sundown which Pollyanna was grateful for.
It was hard to sleep in the sweltering heat, but Pollyanna was so exhausted that she managed it.
__
She slowly opened her eyes the next morning.
She blinked once, moaning as she felt sweat in her eyes and dripping down her back. She blinked twice and a black, pointed shoe appeared in her eyes.
A gasp struggled out of her throat. She bolted upright.
She scooted away like a cowering dog from its master. Kline stood before her, his long shadow was cloaking her in darkness.
To his left stood one soldier who Kline had brought with him.
Pollyanna was so afraid that no words escaped her mouth—she merely panted--continuing to back away from Kline as he, step-by-step, came closer to her. Her back collided with the back of the cave—preventing her from moving any farther.
Rory’s eyes flew open.
He wasted no time in lurching for the knife in the sheath at his hip. He scrambled to his feet--ready to lunge at Kline with the knife in hand.
The knight deterred him by blocking his way with his spear at-the-ready.
Everyone within the cave went still as statues.
Sunlight was seeping in through the cave; Kline and the soldier were outlined in golden light, but their faces were encased in darkness.
“You whore. Did you sleep with this imp?” Kline demanded with cold fury. “Is the baby even mine?”
“I never slept with him, I promise! Please just—”
Kline slammed a fist into the side of her head. She was silenced.
Rory cursed. His grip tightened around the knife, his knuckles turning white.
The guard pointed his spearhead at Rory’s neck. “Drop your weapon. You do know this girl is married, correct?”
“I do.” Rory admitted, refusing to drop his weapon.
“He’s just a friend! He was only escorting me!” Pollyanna spluttered hysterically.
“Is that true?” The guard demanded, bringing the spearhead closer to Rory’s neck.
Rory glanced over at Pollyanna, and then back at the guard. “It’s true.”
Kline laughed. “You truly expect us to believe that? Why else would you be travelling with her?”
“She’s a good friend of mine—a childhood friend—she asked me for my help in getting her away from town, and I gave it.” Rory said it so convincingly that even Pollyanna, who was rubbing the side of her head, nearly believed it.
“Coming to think of it…” Kline murmured. “You’re the only man in town who is not courting a woman…”
Pollyanna's eyes were imprisoned behind the curtain of her merciful eyelids. A lump formed in her throat. 
There was a solid moment of silence but for Pollyanna’s weeping. Rory stared the soldier and Kline down with bold confidence.
Kline said without an ounce of pity, “Kill him. He’s guilty.”
“No!” Pollyanna screamed.
The guard planted his spearhead in the ground. “He’s entitled to a trial, sir.”
“He is entitled to nothing.” Kline replied. “Kill him.”
Kline tossed three pieces of gold at the knight’s feet and then shook a heavy sack of coins to entice the knight further. “You’ll get the rest once you’ve killed him.”
Pollyanna’s heart was in her ears as she looked at the conflicted knight with wide, unblinking eyes. Her eyelids refused to shield them.
Bump… Bump… Bump…
Her head split with white terror.
The knight lifted his spear.
Rory lowered his eyes with pained acceptance. He dropped the knife.
Time seemed to freeze.
Pollyanna would never in her life be able to forget the look of regret on his face.
The spear plunged into his stomach with quick precision, dripping with blood when the knight pulled it back through.
The body thudded to the ground, lifeless.
Pollyanna was in such pain that she thought she had been stabbed as well. She let out a guttural sob of pain, clutching her stomach.
The knight greedily picked up the gold coins.
__
Pollyanna finally cried for the first time while relating the story. They were emotionless tears—her face was still vacant—but…
She gave herself away.
She was not entirely made of iron
She was a woman who had fallen in love once, long ago, and that love had become an open wound—her only mental vulnerability.
Rory was innocent. Eory was innocent. And once, long ago, Pollyanna was innocent, too.
She has a deep-seated love for the innocents she slaughtered deep down… Eory thought to himself as he looked upon the woman who was helping him understand the world because, in many ways, he thought the world resembled her perfectly.
She was contradictory, complex, and enigmatic....
And so was the world.
Chapter Forty: Dead-Woman-Walking
-Pollyanna was hauled back to the manor. Kline dragged her up the stairs and into her quarters, throwing her on the bed.
Pollyanna stayed limp where she lay.
Her face was blank and dirty. She had barely said a word for the entire week they had been traveling back to town. She felt as if she were a dead-woman-walking. She had no emotions, no hungers, and no passions left for the world.
She was a body without a soul.
“The only reason why I keep you as my wife—why I keep you alive—is because you might be carrying my child. If it turns out to be that monster’s—that mockery of a human being’s—then I will be sure to kill both you and it when it comes out. Do you understand me?” His voice was as sharp and cold as steel.
Pollyanna didn’t reply. She couldn’t even move. She couldn’t even think.
If she allowed herself to think, her thoughts would only lead her to Rory’s bloody demise. If her thoughts led her there, she feared she would be unable to move for the rest of her life.
“Do you understand!” Kline rose his voice, turning her onto her back where previously she had been on her belly. “Answer me!”
Tears parted the dirt on her cheeks; she avoided his fierce gaze. She nodded numbly.
Kline looked upon her in contempt. Silence resumed between them.
“I’ll have the servants draw you a bath.” He broke the silence in a moment.
Kline opened the door, locking it behind him.
Pollyanna did not move for minutes; she hardly even breathed.
Dust began to settle upon her because she was so still.
Eventually, within the dark room, convulsive gasps began to echo.
They started low and soft at the bottom of her throat, but eventually, they became pained howls, filling the entire room.
I have nothing left. Was her only thought.
__
Pollyanna was locked in her room day and night for what felt like days.
She was given plenty of food and water and a chamber pot to relieve herself in, but was otherwise treated like a caged dog. She couldn’t muster the strength to do anything but mourn Rory and her last, lost chance at freedom.
She found herself lying on the dusty floor on her side. Her long, unkempt hair was sprawled out beside her; deep craters were burrowing beneath her eyes. Her skin was still rough and burnt from the sun.
All she could think of were sad things; the night her father died, the night of her marriage, and Rory’s death…
Doesn’t it sound sweet and resilient? Rory’s adoration of her name echoed in her mind.
She tried her best not to cry. She feared if she kept crying that her eyes would turn permanently red. But she could not help her own emotions which overpowered everything else; including reason.
Her emotions led to rash actions.
Pollyanna dragged herself to her feet and looked around the room. She rubbed the side of her head—it still hurt from where Kline had punched it a week earlier.
She found a small, glass figurine of an owl sitting on the shelf.
Without hesitation, she smashed it on the floor. It shattered into multiple fragments.
She picked one of the shards up with heavy breaths and fearless determination. She closed her eyes and dragged the shard toward her wrist with a yell.
Her hands stopped before it slammed into her wrist. It was as if an invisible barrier had sprung up between her flesh and the shard.
She stood motionless for a moment, begging her hands to let her end it all, but they wouldn’t.
“Damn it!” Pollyanna tossed the shard and fell to her knees. “Why am I so weak?”
Doesn’t it sound sweet and resilient? Rory asked her again.
Pollyanna’s head jerked upright.
She stared forward with wide eyes.
It’s not weakness… It’s resilience.
For the first time since she had lost Rory, a smile came to her face. She placed a hand on her belly and realized that she hadn’t lost everything yet.
She was not a dead-woman-walking. There was still a pulse inside of her, even if it was not her own.
Yes. It was a pulse far more precious than her own.
I have a piece of you… I won’t give up yet.
One of the servants unlocked her door after hearing the loud noise. “Pollyanna!” The woman said. “What happened?”
“I accidentally broke something. Would you mind cleaning it up?” Pollyanna lied hastily.
“Of course not.” The woman said with suspicion but did not press her mistress.
Pollyanna frowned deeply. A shard of glass would have helped greatly…
After the woman left and all the shards were swept up, Pollyanna crawled under her covers. There must be a way out of here…
There was the window, but it was locked.
__
Later, while she tried to sleep, Kline clicked the door open.
He padded over to the bed.
Pollyanna pretended to be asleep.
Kline shook her shoulder. “Wake up. Wake up, my sweet.”
Pollyanna rolled over and reluctantly gave him her attention. “What is it?”
Kline caressed her cheek with the back of his hand. “I’m just checking up on you.”
Pollyanna pretended she was unhurt by Kline’s previous actions. She smiled and said sweetly, “I’m fine. You don’t need to worry.”
“I just wanted to give you fair warning,” Kline whispered in her ear as he kissed the side of her head. “That I still plan to rearrange the manor for the baby. We’ll be moving your quarters elsewhere as planned.”
Pollyanna tried her best not to look panicked. “Thank you. I’d love the change of scenery.”
Pollyanna could no longer hide her look of disgust when Kline’s kissing turned heavier. She held him back for a moment. “You want your baby to be healthy, remember?”
“The baby will be fine.” He replied shortly.
__
Pollyanna didn’t sleep at all.
She felt like she needed a thorough bath—no, she felt like she needed to be cleansed in fire in order to burn away the filthy situations she had lived through.
But something else was keeping her up. Something far more pressing. She had to move the amulet before Kline moved the furniture around. He, or one of the servants, would inevitably find it.
When everything was silent in the middle of the night but for crickets chirping outside the manor, Pollyanna slid out from under her covers and away from the sleeping Kline.
She was careful to step lightly; she didn’t want the floor to creak.
She lowered herself onto her belly and crawled under the bed.
It was too dark to see where she had placed the amulet. Her fingers blindly grasped at air.
Come on, come on… She thought to herself in a panic.
Her fingers eventually found the trinket, and she felt herself relaxing when they did. She began backing out from under the bed with the trinket in hand.
Cruel fingers seized her ankle. The floor squealed beneath her as Kline dragged her out from under the bed.
Pollyanna tried to crawl away, but Kline snatched her wrist and wrenched her to her feet. He looked her up and down.
His eyes fixed on the amulet.
His face was awash in realization followed by a look of cold savagery.
Pollyanna knew that he knew what it was.
“It’s a charm to aid in pregnancy!” Pollyanna said with a nervous smile. “I just didn’t want you to—”
Kline threw the amulet to the ground and stepped toward her.
His hands were clenched.
Abruptly, a loud crash! Split through the previously silent room.
Outside the window, an eerie, black light flashed.
A key suddenly jiggled in the lock.
“Kline! The town is under attack by the fairies! We must leave now!” A servant called from behind the door.
Kline ignored her.
Nothing mattered to him but this woman who had deceived him into thinking he might finally have a son.
Pollyanna backed up against the door in terror.
The door clicked open as Kline lunged at Pollyanna.
The young girl dashed out the open door as another crash! Sounded nearby.
Kline followed her—shoving the servant out of the way.
Pollyanna’s legs pushed her down the hallway as fast as they could, but Kline was propelled by a rage which made him far faster.
When she arrived at the top of the stairs, he was just inches behind her. He reached out with an arm to try and grab her, but his fingers barely missed their mark.
She slowed her pace as she continued down the stairs. I can’t lose the baby. I can’t lose it!
She heard blood curdling screams sounding outside as she concentrated on getting down the stairs in one piece.
A pair of hands thrusted into her back.
She yelled as she tumbled down the rest of the flight of stairs.
Sharp pain and bruises coursed throughout her body as she rolled onto the ground floor of the manor.
There was no time to worry about the baby. Kline was coming after her fast.
Pollyanna forced herself to her feet despite her body begging her not to.
Her body hurt, but she still pushed herself to run to the end of the hall where she threw the door open.
Kline’s footsteps stalked her as she approached the entryway.
She glanced backwards as her hand grasped the knob of the front door.
Kline was gaining on her.
Pollyanna wrenched the door open and was greeted to utter chaos outside, making her stop in horror for half-a-moment.
Terrified, shrieking humans were running her way. Fairies were pursuing them both on horseback and on foot. Those who tried to fight back were stabbed outright, those who surrendered were taken captive.
In the distance, black smoke plumed into the sky from even blacker fire which clung to the thatched roofs in the town.
Pollyanna glanced toward her mother’s house.
It was on fire. She could have sworn she heard her mother’s screams from within. Pollyanna sniffled, clapping her hands to her ears.
She didn’t know where to go; she didn’t have enough time to think as she heard the door opening behind her. She darted toward town with Kline relentlessly hounding her. Forgive me… Forgive me, mother.
The landscape wobbled in her vision as she propelled herself forward. She ran past much of the din and fighting unnoticed as the fairies were preoccupied with harassing other humans.
A fairy atop a horse noticed her and pointed a spear at her, trying to stay her as she went. “Halt!”
Pollyanna managed to skirt the knight and ran past more fairies killing human men and taking human women captive.
She threw a glance backward. Kline still tirelessly stalked her—dashing past mounted soldiers as well as ground soldiers.
Tears flew from her eyes as she went.
She eventually arrived at town and plugged her ears at the screaming and clanging of steel overwhelming her senses.
She saw a group of fairies dragging a screaming woman into the darkness on her right.
In front of her, a fairy battled an Astral Elf atop their horses.
To her left, a peasant’s house burned aggressively.
All around her, chaos and black fire reigned.
Pollyanna slowly sunk to her knees in despair as she realized this bigger conflict was swallowing her smaller one.
A pair of rough, wrinkled fingers dug into her shoulders.
“I may very well die here…” Kline whispered in her ear. “But you will die with m—”
A tomahawk spun through the air, burying itself in Kline’s neck
Pollyanna heard his head thud to the ground.
She sat, paralyzed for a moment.
She hated Kline, but she had lived with him for many years. She couldn’t help the tears that came to her eyes at his demise.
I can’t give up… Pollyanna thought to herself as Rory’s smiling face appeared in her mind. I can’t give up.
She climbed to her feet and began running again.
She only made it a few paces before a fairy grabbed her arm with an untamed and animalistic grin under his steel helm.
Pollyanna tried to wrench herself away from him, but he stayed all her struggling by pointing his sword at her.
She realized there was no more point to struggling. She stood still.
An arrow zipped through the air and thudded into the fairy’s head.
An Astral Elf rode to her side and pulled on the reins to stop his horse. “Get on.”
Pollyanna saw no better recourse, and so she obeyed. She climbed on the back of the horse and the Astral Elf began riding out of town.
Pollyanna glanced back at the town which had gone up in flames with feelings she could barely process.
Daddy… Was all she could think.
The Astral Elf rode until the pair arrived at the convent which the fairies had oddly left untouched. There, he dismounted and then helped Pollyanna down from the horse.
The Astral Elf looked at the girl with no emotion as she slowly broke down into a sobbing fit.
All the Astral Elf could say was, “No tears, girl. The world is unkind, and you should save your tears for when you truly realize just how unkind it can be.”
He looked at the beautiful, marble convent. “The fairies following the Arrozan, Fjorn, are respectful of religion; they wish humans to be happy slaves. They will not burn your convent or take it captive.”
__
“His words were true, but… He was wrong that I had not realized how unkind it could be. I realized it, and I became weak, cowardly, and paranoid because of it. I retreated into myself as I spent the next thirty-four years in the convent…” Pollyanna said to a stunned Eory. “I missed all of them. Daddy, mother, Rory…”
Pollyanna’s eyes narrowed. “Even that wretched human being, Kline.”

Chapter Forty-One: Forbidden Treasure

Hundreds and hundreds of years ago, there lived a fairy who resided in the treacherous swamplands of Farrah. His name was Fjorn, and he was smarter than the average fairy. Indeed; he was even smarter than the average human.
Like most young fairies, before his mother sent him to bed each night, she told Fjorn the religious tales about the fairy goddesses which had been passed down orally from fairy-to-fairy for as long as the species remembered.
“The world was born when the middle fairy goddess made the eldest goddess cry. A round tear fell from her eye, and when she caught it, it became Yharos, and she placed Yharos where it lay in the sky to this day. Within this precious world, these goddesses would create fairies who were destined for greatness. You are one of them.” His mother would tell him as she put him to sleep within their hut. “For we Arrozans have special blood and magic within us.”
Throughout his childhood, Fjorn’s tribe would be raided and seized by other tribes. Fjorn and his family would willingly become members of the tribe to ensure their survival or would otherwise escape and run away when possible.
Similarly, Fjorn’s own tribes would attack others and take their people captive. Once they surrendered and swore loyalty, their enemies would become members of their tribe. Those who didn’t surrender were killed.
It was a never-ending bloody cycle of suffering and savagery which the fairies delighted in.
Eventually, his father had been made leader of their current tribe because he had survived the longest and had proved his worth in battle. Their tribe had taken his last name of Arroza as fairy tribes tended to do.
Among fairies, whose magical prowess was already among the most powerful on Yharos, Arrozans were gifted with magic--supposedly a gift from the goddesses--which outdid all others. 
Magic came in all different colors, shapes, and substances depending on who was using it, but Arrozan magic was particularly distinct. It was so black that it was nearly opaque; it was so volatile that Fjorn’s father, Jaron, had killed ally and enemy alike during battles when he was only intending to kill enemies.
When Jaron had become leader, he took his young son by the shoulders and exclaimed, “You! You will be the most powerful Arrozan who has ever lived! You will strike forth from these treacherous swamplands into the unsuspecting, weak and cowardly world and make it bow to you!”
All the while, his mother continued to tell him of the fairy goddesses and their desired future for all fairies. “The goddesses gifted us with the most powerful magic on all of Yharos with the intention that we should one day rule all. You see, Fjorn… When the eldest fairy goddess cried and created this world, she promised that there would be no more tears, no more weakness… Not even from herself. That is what she desires. The strongest world possible where there are no tears and no weaknesses. Only the Arrozan fairies can make such a world. That is why you will marry your sister. We must keep our blood pure and powerful or else we will become as weak as those we are meant to rule.”
Fjorn’s little sister, Anjaika, was a precocious young woman. She was outgoing and strong, but with little brains. Fjorn had little interest in her romantically, but nothing else mattered to him other than the destiny his mother was promising him, and so he had no issues with marrying her.
Until he ran into a wise old soothsayer who the Arrozan tribe had abducted from a rival tribe. The old soothsayer looked into his cruel black eyes and told him of his destined greatness--and how it did not include his sister and instead included a different woman.
“I see, in your eyes, the mark of a leader. I see one who is destined to rule all of Yharos—one who will bring about a world of chaos and terror where only the strong survive.” The soothsayer said.
Fjorn beamed even though he already knew this was his destiny.
“But…” The soothsayer continued.
Fjorn echoed testily, “But…?”
“But you will not succeed without the old, human woman.” The soothsayer continued. “Can you see her?”
Fjorn, who was holding a bloody sword in a twitching hand, looked into the old fairy’s blue eyes. He was captivated by them and could not look away.
Space and time seemed to open up in his mind and eyes.
All of Yharos rolled out before him in speedy lines that he could barely comprehend. His bodiless eyes sped through stars and unending, green plains. They sped through sparkling oceans and rocky mountains until they found a human convent. The old woman was in the convent, he knew, but his eyes would not take him inside.
I must see her! Let me see her!
But he came back to reality with a sharp breath before his eyes let him see.
After regaining his composure, he retorted to the old woman, “This woman would be neither fairy nor Arrozan, and she would be old. I am repulsed by loving such a woman.”
“If you do not meet this woman and love her, you will never rule all of Yharos. I have seen it.” The old woman warned sharply.
“Fairies do not love old women. We worship them. That is the only reason I will let you live, old croon.” Fjorn murmured half-heartedly.
Shortly after his meeting with the old soothsayer, Fjorn’s father was killed in a battle. Their village had been raided; dozens died, dozens taken captive, and only a few escaped.
Fjorn and his family were among those who escaped.
Fjorn refused to cry when it happened. Instead, he married his sister and took up his father’s mantle. His dreams were big. His destiny was bigger.
He began formulating a plan. A plan to unite strong fairies and then march upon an unsuspecting Maribel--the closest kingdom to the fairy lands of Maaris.
While he plotted and schemed, Fjorn often had dreams that kept him up at night--obsessive dreams involving the old woman who the soothsayer had told him about. Night and day, his thoughts led him back to her. It was a pulsing, intrusive thought that made his head hurt. The image of the convent relentlessly flashed in his mind, but he could not see inside where the woman supposedly resided.
I must have her! He thought to himself. I know it is taboo, but I must have her!
Anjaika would wake up beside him and ask, “What’s keeping you up, Fjorn?”
“It’s nothing. Go back to sleep.” Fjorn pensively.
His desire to see the woman made him work harder at his plan to unite the fairies so they could march on Maribel. This plan required charisma—charisma which he had in abundance.
Every time he captured an enemy tribe, he would give a speech.  A speech that made them feel invincible… A speech that made them irrevocably loyal to Fjorn.
“Strength is the way of fairies, and strength is how we will invade and capture all other kingdoms. We fairies have tried hundreds of times before to breach Maribel walls, and we have always failed. It is because those who tried were weak. And they were weak because they were spoiled and coddled like our enemies in Maribel, who have only known prosperity and bountiful, peaceful lands…” Fjorn paused and took a breath—looking upon the newly captured tribe members with purpose. “The fairy goddesses made us strong by making this treacherous and barren land our birthplace. We have only known toil and hardship, and even the weakest fairy is twice as strong as the strongest human because of it. We all know why the goddesses have blessed us with this strength; it is because they wish for us to create their desired world where only the strong survive. I see before me the strongest people on Yharos! The people who will create the world we all desire! Maribel will only be the beginning!”
The new tribe members would look up at him like lost children who were slowly discovering their purpose.
They were completely mesmerized by their promised destinies.
And as time passed, Fjorn had gathered what he deemed was a big enough army to take Maribel if he thought through his attack plan well enough. He was now sixteen-years-old, and he set out to conquer Maribel with two-thousand fairies in tow.
“Fjorn, this plan requires sacrificing hundreds of fairies…” Anjaika said when he related the plan to her.
“It must be done.” Was all Fjorn said in response. “This is my destiny. We must offer them up on the border of Maribel while we go around and attack this town behind the border. The humans will think we are a poorly organized band of savages like usual, and they will never expect the surprise attack we intend to launch.”
The now pregnant Anjaika had nothing to say in response to this. She merely rolled over under their blankets and turned her face away from him.
Fjorn’s plan ended up working remarkably well.
He had seized the town on the border like he had intended, and only had to sacrifice a few hundred loyal, but foolish, fairies to do so.
He had absorbed many new human recruits into his army, and, combined with his powerful magic, he was a force to be reckoned with. Before he knew it, he had achieved his dream far faster than he imagined. He sat on the Maribel throne with his pregnant wife by his side at age seventeen.
He couldn’t be happier.
I have what was promised to me.
__
Five years passed, and many thought Fjorn had become complacent upon the throne. His army of fairies and humans alike wanted him to march upon enemy territory like he had promised and create the world of the strong. However, Fjorn had become possessed with the old woman that the soothsayer had told him about. I need her in order to create the world of the strong.
He could tell no one of her. If he did, they would surely repulse him and reject him as their king.
Old women are not objects of infatuation like young women are. They are to be adhered to and respected like the fairy goddesses. Fjorn tried to convince himself as he rubbed his temples.
That didn’t stop his head from envisioning what she might look like, however. Nor did it stop his non-stop pacing in the castle halls or his throbbing headaches. It was hot inside his head. So hot that he felt the need to leave the castle one day and go exploring in the pine woods behind it.
He walked until he was dizzy with hunger and his magic had to fill his body with energy because he had not eaten for so long. The magic in his body reached out and told him where to go to find what he desired. He headed deeper into the woods until he found a creature with yellow skin, black, twisted horns, and four uncanny, black eyes hiding within an oncoming snowstorm. 
“I know what you search for.” The creature’s voice was strong; it echoed.
Fjorn was silent and waited for the creature to tell him what he was searching for.
“You want the woman. You will have her, fear not. It is not just that you must love her. You must own her. Let me tell you how this is so.” The creature said.
Fjorn was enraptured. Especially when the creature placed a picture of what the woman looked like in Fjorn’s head.
She wasn’t pretty by conventional means, but it didn’t matter.
He could tell she was strong.
__
Fjorn let the humans keep their convents and religion when he had first overthrown their king. His reasons were simple; he wanted to respect the humans who were strong who had come under his rule. The fairy goddesses had respect for all those who were strong, after all, and tolerance of foreign gods and goddesses was always preached within the oral tales. He also wanted to keep them happy and under control by letting them keep a piece of their culture. But that changed as time went on and he could think of nothing else but the old woman.
Fairies and humans alike were stunned when a fifty-year-old Fjorn threw aside this moral guideline his religion had laid out. He began burning all convents across Maribel in search of something which he refused to tell anyone else about.
I must have her. I must have her. He thought to himself as he watched countless convents go up in black flames.
-Chapter Forty-Two: Id Part One
Pollyanna sat on her knees in prayer before a statue of Renthas in her new home; the convent of one of Holy Renthas’ Holy Daughters, Reena.
Reena was a wise and caring figure in Scripture. She offered intelligence to human beings behind Renthas’ back, and Renthas made her live out the rest of her days on a solitary island within the heavens because of it. Reena was always a somewhat controversial figure in human Scripture due to her actions. Because of her, humans traded innocence and comfort for intelligence and cunning, and they had never been an entirely happy species since.
Pollyanna didn’t know whether happiness and innocence were worth trading for cunning and intelligence, but she found thinking about it a useful distraction in keeping her mind off recent devastations. It had been a month since her hometown had been burned down, and a week since a healer had told her that she had lost her child.
The healer had placed a hand and ear on her belly in silence after Pollyanna told her that her undergarments had been spotted with blood. She painfully closed her eyes in empathy for Pollyanna. “I’m sorry. I feel no kicks, nor can my magic feel any heartbeat.”
Pollyanna’s eyes snapped shut in pain. Tears were squeezed out from the corners of them. She didn’t have any strength for words.
She held her face in her palms, feeling completely drained.
__
With nowhere to go and no one left to live for, Pollyanna committed herself to a life of servitude and prayer within the convent.
She only heard bits and pieces of what was happening in the outside world, including what had happened the night when she had lost everything.
“The fairies attacking the Maribel border from the front were a feint. It was the west end of the border that we needed to watch.” A priestess told Pollyanna. “The Astral Elves intervened because that’s what they do. If they see an egregious wrong about to happen, they try to prevent it from happening. They promised to lend us their strength for the upcoming battles against the fairies.”
Pollyanna listened, but said nothing in response.
She didn’t care about the outside world. She didn’t care about anything. She just felt tired and wanted to sleep.
Pollyanna had time to reflect upon her life while she made her home in the convent and lived a life so dull that she had nothing to fear. Undeniably, when she reflected on her past, it would add another crack to her heart which was one hairline away from shattering.
I wish it would, if it meant that I didn’t have to feel this pain.
The other women at the convent pitied her.
She heard them gossiping about her from time-to-time.
“That new girl—I hear she was married to a man who beat and raped her. She ended up losing the child…” Was the sum of what many said.
They had no condolences for her, however. In fact, they actively avoided her.
The judgmental voices of the women stalked her in echoes as she walked through the hallways of the convent and went about her daily routines.
She must be cursed!
Because she had no friends and family left, she decided the eerie, empty halls which she walked down late at night were her friends. Sometimes, she murmured pathetically as she walked down the halls, “I love you.” Just so she could hear those words said to her for once in her life.
As time went on, the priestesses she lived among tried to be kind to her.
They would make harmless, idle conversation with her and try to make her laugh, but Pollyanna found that she had a hard time telling when they were joking and when they were making fun of her.
Paranoia, distrust, and unhappiness held her captive.
Screams haunted her when she tried to sleep; red constantly invaded her vision when anyone brought up her old town. No matter how much she ate, her stomach always felt empty.
It’s because I no longer have a pulse.
Eventually, news arrived that the fairies had succeeded in taking over Maribel. The human king had been deposed, and a fairy king named Fjorn now sat on the throne.  Pollyanna didn’t care.
__
Thirty-four years eventually passed her by.
Her life had been painted gray and passionless. It was ruled by routines and schedules, and Pollyanna was glad of it. If she were given too much choice in her life, it led to too many memories of glorious old dreams that were too painful to remember.
Sometimes, she could hardly believe she ever had the dream of becoming a knight. It felt like a distant, warm and golden desire—a window into a future that had long passed her by.
And so she tended to the convent garden, she taught young girls Scripture, she prayed three times a day, she cleaned and cooked, and she would occasionally see the Holy Mothers off when they went to feed the homeless and do other charity work.
She could be never at peace with herself, but she felt like she could at least live with herself. She sometimes wished she could join the Holy Mothers in their charity work, but she could never stray very far from the convent. She was too afraid to go very far.
Life continued in this comfortable and gray blur until one day…
Deep into the night, while a whirlwind of memories were keeping her up, the smell of smoke trickled into Pollyanna’s nostrils. She rolled over, thinking the smell was in her imagination.
She still smelled it when she opened her eyes and looked at the door. Perhaps I should go for a walk.
The door was violently thrown open. One of the Holy Mothers said in a panicked voice, “Pollyanna! The king has set our convent ablaze! We must go!”
The Holy Mother wasted not a second longer; she disappeared outside the door. Pollyanna climbed to her feet—too hurried to notice how heavy her muscles and eyelids felt from lack of sleep.
There was no time to throw any clothes on over her nightgown; she could hear crackling fire spreading rapidly nearby. She opened her door and gasped when she saw black fire spreading down the hall to her left. She dashed down a short flight of wooden stairs in front of her and came to a sharp halt when a barrier of black flames blocked her path at the bottom.
Black fire was consuming everything on the bottom floor.
Screams filled her ears along with the sound of debris crashing down from the ceiling. Intense smoke filled her lungs as she looked for a clear path to escape the flames. She looked to her right; one of the Holy Mothers was on fire in her private study.
Pollyanna gulped.
I have a chance to be brave. A chance to be a hero like I always wanted…
Determinedly, she leapt through the fire in front of her and patted the flames clinging to her out.
After that, her legs moved her toward the shrieking Holy Mother. She weaved in-between walls of black fire toward her.
Pollyanna’s legs were shaking. Her throat felt like it was on fire. She glistened with sweat. Almost there… She thought to herself as she closed the gap between herself and the entrance to the study.
A wall of fire roared into existence—blocking her path.
No! Pollyanna thought to herself as she fought for breath. No…
Her heart dropped. She stared forward listlessly.
She felt lightheaded.
She collapsed.
Chapter Forty-Two: Id Part 2
She awoke to cold water being splashed on her face. Her vision was dizzy; she turned on all fours, coughing violently.
“You are the one! You are who I have been searching for!” A clear voice cut through her otherwise muffled hearing.
Pollyanna collapsed on her back.
A very handsome fairy with wild, fiery red hair loomed above her.
“Who are you…?” She asked dazedly.
“Stand up!” The fairy demanded, pulling her to her feet by her shoulders.
Pollyanna coughed again as the fairy looked her over intently.
She noticed his hands were twitching uncontrollably.
“Leave us.” The fairy commanded the knights who were keeping watch nearby.
They obeyed. They dragged the remaining priestesses and Holy Women away with them.
Pollyanna turned around and faced the burning convent with empty tears in her eyes.
Arms slowly wrapped around her stomach. She felt a head leaning into her back as she looked upon the fiery wreckage of what used to be her home.
“I’ve been searching for you for so long…” His voice was like sweet honey.
“You’re the king, aren’t you? Fjorn?” Pollyanna replied and couldn’t deny herself the shiver that ran up her spine when the fairy kissed her neck.
“Yes, I am the king. And you… You will be someone who is greater than either a king or a queen.” Fjorn murmured obsessively. “You will be power personified! Isn’t that what you want?”
Pollyanna, who was numbly staring at the black flames consuming the convent, felt a colorful spark burst to life within her.
She slowly turned around.
Her life had started out turbulent and chaotic, she was a prisoner to it—she was powerless to it. After that, it had become gray and lifeless by her own choice.
Now it seemed that this man was giving her a new choice to make. A choice to be someone.
She came face-to-face with the handsome fairy. “How will you give me such power?”
He reached up, holding her cheeks between his strong hands. “You already have such power! Can you not see your own worth?”
Pollyanna saw herself within Fjorn’s black eyes. She saw something within them that she had never seen when looking at herself in the mirror; respect and admiration.
“I have such power…?” Pollyanna echoed.
“Of course you do! The goddesses have given you this tall and strong body! They have blessed you with strength! Can’t you feel it burning within you?” Fjorn asked jubilantly.
Pollyanna didn’t realize how heavily she had been breathing when a shy, “Yes,” had escaped her lips.
Fjorn drew his face closer to her with a grin that was almost maniacal. “I have something that will make you even stronger—something that will bind the two of us together forever. You have been afraid before, haven’t you? That is why you have locked yourself away in this convent?”
Pollyanna looked down at her feet—past her empty womb. She nodded.
“You will never fear again once you have consumed this potion.” Fjorn held out a small bottle filled with pink liquid.
Pollyanna gazed at the potion as if she were hypnotized. “It will bind us together?” She asked. “I will never be afraid again?”
“It will. Not only that, but you will be made invincible. The only way you can die when you drink this potion is if my whole family is killed.” Fjorn explained. “As long as one of my family members lives, you will live, too.”
“Truly…?” Pollyanna asked breathlessly.
“I can tell…” Fjorn murmured as he held her eyes prisoner. “That this is what you have always wanted. You shouldn’t need to think about it. You will be mine, and I will be yours and you will have the power you desire--I can see it! You were born to leave a profound mark on Yharos! To be apart of something grand!”
Pollyanna heaved deep breaths. She didn’t have an answer for a moment.
In a moment more, she dropped to her knees. “Yes! Make me your warrior! Make me your slave, or lover, and whatever else you wish me to be! Only, give me power to be what I have always wanted to be! Give me the strength to live my life to the fullest! I have wasted it being afraid!”
“You will have it!” Fjorn handed her the potion. “You will be my sword, and a sword has no reason to fear!”
Pollyanna popped the cork off and downed the potion.
__
“I felt like my shackles had been removed. I could feel power coursing through my veins!” Pollyanna exclaimed as she told the story to Eory. “Nobody in this whole world could ever make me feel as powerful as Fjorn. When he spoke to me, he made me feel like Yharos would crumble if I had never been born. I used to be so afraid. I was afraid of what people thought of me, I was afraid of being hurt, I was afraid of trying new things. Because of Fjorn, I fear nothing now. I can’t tell you what a wonderful feeling it is!”
“But he didn’t tell you that you couldn’t ever sleep with anybody else. He manipulated you…” Eory murmured.
“No. He saved us both time; he knew I would have drunk the potion eventually anyway.” Pollyanna insisted. “By not telling me, he got me to make my decision faster.”
“And how did you find out that you couldn’t sleep with anyone else?”
Pollyanna gathered her thoughts, and then told him.
__
Fjorn was comfortably on the throne, and Pollyanna was at his side. Together, the pair made Maribel cower before them as Fjorn promised.
Whenever Fjorn needed Pollyanna to give the humans a good scare, she would oblige. Whenever he wanted her to go collect taxes, she would oblige. Whenever a new statue of the fairy goddesses needed to be erected, Pollyanna oversaw its progress.
Fjorn spent hundreds of gold pieces on Pollyanna. He got her the finest armor, the finest swords, and the finest swordmaster to teach her how to fight.
They had an addictive, fiery, relationship that spurred them both on.
Whenever Fjorn spent too much time without her, he would spend all his time thinking about her. Pollyanna was much the same way. Because his sister, Anjaika, was an old woman, Fjorn had to retire her as his wife as was fairy custom and married a much younger niece instead.
Pollyanna was insanely jealous of them, but Fjorn let her know from the beginning that he could never marry her. Plenty of men showed interest in her, and when Fjorn noticed her returning their flirtatious looks, he was finally forced to take her aside within his bedroom.
“Pollyanna, when you drank that potion, you truly bound yourself to me. If you make love with any other man, you will die.” Fjorn informed her firmly.
Pollyanna was astonished. “What…?”
“We have a special bond…” Fjorn cooed sweetly as he swept her hair aside and then turned her around. “The Antler, Neino, told me of it.”
“Antler? Antlers aren’t real…” Pollyanna replied as Fjorn began untying the ribbons on the back of her dress.
“They are. And this one had seen my future. You see, this potion that I made… It is not a potion that can work for anyone. It can only bind someone to another who is their soulmate.” His hands were becoming hastier and clumsier as he undid the ribbons. “If you were not my soulmate, the potion would have killed you instead of making you invincible. So you see, my darling, you will continue to be mine even after I die. I would never allow another man to touch you, anyway. You are too holy and precious a thing.”
Pollyanna stared blankly at the wall he had pushed her up against. Her whole body had gone cold and numb. Her cheeks were inflamed with embarrassment. “So… You expect me to look after your descendants for the rest of my days? You want me to have no life of my own?”
“You have a wonderful life,” Fjorn said as he slipped her dress off the shoulder. “you have what you always wanted. You’re a warrior and your name is known and feared throughout the land. You will spend the rest of eternity ensuring the safety of the Goddess’ chosen family—my family… Besides, no man you could ever have will compare to me.”
She was smiling, but tears were in her eyes as she replied, “Yes. You’re right.”
__
Pollyanna made no mention of how devastated she felt when Fjorn told her.
She lied and told Eory she was completely content with it. Eory detected no lie in her voice when she said it.
He is too foolish and new to notice. Pollyanna thought to herself.
“What was in the potion?” Eory asked.
“A dragon scale, a feather from a griffin, a drop of the purest water on Yharos, and a strand of hair from Fjorn’s head.”
“It sounds to me like he abused you the same way Kline did.” Eory retorted.
“No. He gave me my power and purpose back. I was just waiting to die before he came along.” Pollyanna replied. “To live forever… To make a mark on Yharos. That was my finest wish, and he granted it to me.”
What she left out was that whoever made the made potion stipulated the conditions set upon the person who drank it. It was no coincidence that he had bound her to him and only him.
He would allow no one else to touch his woman.
-Chapter Forty-Three: A Substitution of Tears
“It’s late,” Pollyanna said to Eory. “We should go to bed. Before I do, however, I have to tell you… I’m glad that you’re not hiding behind Taylor anymore. I was worried that she would overcome you--that I would never see you again. I was worried… that you hated me. God, I should never worry about such a trivial thing.” Pollyanna’s eyes were closed in pain as she said it. Her breathing was gentle and easy; Eory could feel her breath on his face as they lay in bed, face-to-face, next to one another.
Her eyelids—swathed in the sickly red light of the Crater--were incredibly wrinkled. It was as if she picked up a wrinkle for every horror she had suffered.
Anyone who has gone through what she has gone through would want to make the world pay… Eory thought to himself.
He lowered his eyes. “I don’t hate you. I thought I did, but… hearing what you just told me… I can’t. I’m so sorry for what all of those awful people did to you—especially Fjorn.”
Tears glistened in his eyes for what felt like the tenth time that night, and Pollyanna couldn’t help but be charmed by it as usual. “I’m glad you don’t hate me, even if you can’t understand my actions. You’re one of the only people I have ever met whose respect I would die to have.”
He hadn’t realized just how near his lips were to hers; subconsciously, he had been bringing his face closer to hers. He was close enough to see every line on her face.
Pollyanna’s eyes opened slowly to reveal their piercing blue color. When she saw how close he was, she moved her own lips closer to his. They came closer and closer, and his heart thudded louder and louder with electric anticipation.
He moved away with a disgruntled gasp at the last second.
He sat up, pressing his forehead into his palms—wrapped in cruel frustration at the fact that the woman he wanted was so close by, but he couldn’t have her.
Pollyanna stayed still where she lay. She sent a shiver up his spine by running her wrinkled and wounded fingers down his back. “Eory, I need your help; I need you to help me come up with a plan to get us out of here. We might be able to threaten Maruka and make him show us the contract. We might be able to find a way out of it if we see it again. Tell me you’ll leave this foolish plan of staying in this fortress all of your life behind.”
Eory rubbed his temples. She just doesn’t get it. Maybe she never will.
“I want to find a good and honest way out of here, and you’re going to help me. I want to find a way to kill the doppelgangers once and for all. That way, we can go free, and we will have helped this world in some way.” Eory replied.
Pollyanna groaned in exasperation. “Eory, why should we do something kind for the world when they have wronged you in such a profound way? We have no reason to waste time trying to eradicate the doppelgangers at their root. If it’s praise and acceptance you want for accomplishing such a task, you’ll never have it.”
Eory stood up abruptly and leaned his palms against the wall. “I’m actively trying to fight this evil inside of me, Pollyanna. I have to force myself to change—it’s the only way to get rid of these thoughts. I refuse to succumb to them. I think Maruka may be able to help me search for a way to get rid of the doppelgangers. He may already know one.”
Pollyanna narrowed her eyes skeptically. “So that’s why you’re making friends with him? Eory, he won’t help you. He is content living in this place--he is a sheep like all the rest of the recruits.”
Eory spun around and faced the hardened old woman with begging eyes. He threw himself to his knees on the hard floor beside his bed. He reached across the mattress, clasping one of Pollyanna’s hands in his own.
“Pollyanna… I want to give you a gift—a gift that my ancestors nor anyone else has ever given you.” Eory whispered.
Pollyanna’s hand clamped down hard upon his own.
He couldn’t understand why, but she was nervous.
“I will not order you to do this, but I know you will adhere to it anyway because you are a good person.” Eory continued. “Please, Pollyanna, do not harm any of the people in this fortress. Make the right choice on your own.”
“Eory,” Pollyanna replied sternly. “Have you not heard the other recruits? They wish to give you a good thrashing just because you’re far behind them in training—because you’re an easy target. What if they attack you and I need to protect you?”
Eory looked at her keenly. Slowly, he murmured, “You can protect me if that happens. I just don’t want you to kill anyone or hurt them grievously. I will leave the choice in your hands. I order you to do whatever you want while we live in this fortress.”
He finalized the order, and Pollyanna was stunned. “You are truly… Giving me free reign to do whatever I wish?”
Eory nodded. “I know you’ll do the right thing. Fjorn may have given you power…. But I’m giving you something better; I’m giving you the choice to be the hero you always wanted to be when you were a child.”
Pollyanna hung her legs off the side of his bed with downcast eyes.
“You might regret this.” She warned him.
Her heart fluttered as he laid his cheek on her knees.
“I know I won’t. I have faith in you.” He assured her.
The two sat, still as statues, in that position for a long time. Pollyanna basked in his presence, and he basked in hers.
He cruelly took his affections away from her, however, when he stood up and said with a smile. “We need to go to bed.”
Pollyanna fluttered her eyes flirtatiously. “Together?”
Eory blushed. “Don’t tempt me.”
Pollyanna giggled and stood up—pulling down her nightgown and heading for the door.
When she passed by, Eory grabbed her wrist. “Pollyann—”
Yharos stood still as they locked eyes.
Recklessly and animalistically, he threw his arms around her neck and shoved his lips against hers. Pollyanna lifted him inches off the ground so she could return his kisses to the fullest. Without thinking, they both began leading each other back toward the bed.
Pollyanna grunted in pain when the piercing of her heart began. The potion, which still coursed through her veins, squeezed it viciously.
Frustrated tears built up in her eyes. Just for one night! Please!
Eory pulled away when he realized he was hurting her.
He wiped his lips with the back of his hand—unused to kissing as he was—and turned away from her, fists clenched in frustration. He slammed them against the wall with such fury that black magic shot through his wrists, coating his fingers. If not for the bracelet Maruka had put on his wrist, he would have destroyed the wall with magic.
“Damn you! Why did you have to make such a foolish decision? Can’t you see how much I desire you…? What if… What if you were my soulmate and not my ancestor’s?”
Pollyanna looked forlorn. She held up a trembling hand—wanting to put it on his shoulder—but nervously lowered it when she realized she didn’t have the courage to touch him. “You can only have one soul mate… Besides, if not for Fjorn, we never would have met. I would have died of old age by now, and nobody would have remembered me.”
Eory shook with anger. “He seems to be the cause of all our miseries.”
Pollyanna, unwilling to say anything negative about Fjorn, merely murmured, “Goodnight, Eory. And if you insist on crying so often… Cry some tears for me every now and again.” And left.
__
While Pollyanna and Eory spoke of the distant past, Them crawled into bed and his friend, Pete, crawled in next to him. “What a day, huh? I’m glad that Pollyanna got to meet up with Eory again—even though Taylor had to go away in order for it to happen; I hope she won’t be too angry about him taking over for a bit…”
Pete jingled sarcastically. She might end up killing you. She might make you burn with the passion you want to for right now, but you'll get bored with her in the future.
Them sighed—annoyed by his pesky friend’s righteous pattering. “Then what will make me burn?”
You need to find it. Pete reiterated for what Them thought was the hundredth time since they met.
Them breathed deeply. “I have to find it before I die.”
Chapter Forty-Four: Among the Sufferers
Pollyanna returned to her room in a mood that was hard for her to describe.
She felt like a weight had been lifted off her chest, but at the same time, she had felt more confused in her life than she had for dozens of years. She sat on her rickety bed and looked down at her scarred legs. She felt like she had when she was a little girl; confused and unwanted.
Who would ever want me? Why does he want me? Pollyanna questioned. I am ugly and defiled…
She crawled under her covers woodenly.
A memory… A memory too precious and hard to think about had been unearthed.
I’m giving you the choice to be a hero. Eory’s voice tantalized her with the sweetness and innocence of childhood.
Heroes don’t exist. Fjorn’s strong voice interfered. There are only the weak and the strong.
Pollyanna had remorselessly killed hundreds of innocents—hundreds of the weak--during her lifetime and she stopped having feelings about it long ago. And yet, here she was, questioning her worldview for the first time forever.
As she tried to settle into sleep, she couldn’t stop thinking about the first time she had killed an innocent. She had felt strongly about it at the time, but that had been bred out of her as the years went by.
-Pollyanna had been sent to a town in Maribel which was protesting Fjorn’s high taxes and harsh working conditions. They were miners, which was already a highly taxing job, but it was made all-the-worse during the sweltering heat of summer. The king demanded they work regardless of the scorching heat, harvesting useful metals through the use of hard labor. When they refused, Pollyanna was dispatched to the town to get them in line.
Upon her arrival, she was greeted to revolting citizens who stabbed her with lances and swords while the children of the town relentlessly threw rocks at her. Pollyanna seized one of the lances that were poking her and broke it over her knee. Afterward, she grabbed its user by the neck and began squeezing the life out of him with a fury that had been pent up inside of her for fifty years.
There was a little girl--perhaps twelve-years-old--with big, blue eyes and sunflower hair who pulled on Pollyanna’s cape with tears in her eyes.
“Please, please! That’s my daddy!” The little girl begged.
Around her, the regiment of knights she had brought effortlessly detained and otherwise killed the other revolting workers.
Fjorn, who had come with her to make sure she did her job correctly, whispered in her ear, “Make an example of this girl. She is weak. Children don’t cry when their parents die.”
Pollyanna turned to him with a look of scorn and judgement. “She… She is a child! I will not kill a child!”
Fjorn wrapped an arm her, nearly nibbling on her ear as he commanded, “being a child is no excuse for weakness! Do you think I cried when my father died? It is best we strangle this girl now before she lives a life of fear and sadness—a life that will not be worth living!”
Pollyanna’s heart was thudding wildly. A tear rolled down her cheek. “I-I cried when my father died. Should you have killed me?”
The look of vitriol on Fjorn’s face made her guilty for saying it.
“You are different. Everyone suffers, and I can tell at a glance who among the sufferers will become strong. This girl is not one of them. Do you see her dress? She is well off and spoiled. She will never meet hardships head-on as you and I can. She will never relish it as we do.” Fjorn rasped in her ear.
Pollyanna’s knuckles went white on the hilt of her blade.
Her fingers lost their sense of touch. Her head was swimming. The only thing she could feel was her heart beating against her rib cage and the unrelenting sun beating down on her head.
She felt like she had lost control as she swung her blade as he commanded.
The workers were stunned.
Pollyanna made no sad expression as she looked down at the corpse. He was right. It’s best she die now.
Pollyanna hated herself and Fjorn for what she did for months, but he slowly helped her get over it.
After all, he was the one who had taught her the best and correct way to live.
We are animals. Do you think animals care whether killing something weaker than themselves is wrong? Of course not. They merely realize that they are stronger, and they tear their prey to shreds. Fjorn hammered that message into her head countless times until it became a way of life for her. And when it became a way of life, she stopped worrying. She stopped being unhappy. She stopped her self-doubt and self-loathing.
She was happy and without cares like a child with no parent to police her.
But here was her lover’s descendent telling her that her way of thinking—her way of living—was wrong. He was giving her a decision—something animals didn’t have to make as they lived instinctually—reminding her that she was human.
Humans and fairies are animals. Fjorn told her often. It’s just that they are slightly smarter animals.
Pollyanna’s hands were shaking as intrusive, cruel thoughts squeezed her vulnerable mind. But if we are separate species… If we have no relation to animals at all… Then I would have to treat killing the way a human would and not an animal.
Pollyanna’s eyes were wide as she stayed frozen where she lay. Humans assign morals to their actions where animals don’t. Pollyanna rolled on her side hugged her stomach for comfort. Have I been wrong? If she were wrong and there was moral meaning to her actions, she would be the evilest person on Yharos.
“No.” Pollyanna clenched her fists to stop her hands from trembling. “We are clearly animals. If we were separate species, humans would be smart enough not to kill each other or make each other suffer at all.”
Besides… I need proof that we are not animals, and no such proof exists. She thought to herself.
Chapter Forty-Five: Bones
Kori and Francis continued riding toward Alanheim under a sheet of pouring rain. Kori’s face was downcast and miserable, riding on the back of a horse with her arms looped around a knight’s torso. Francis’ face was indignant, angry, and defiant as he rode. He was chatty and rude--trying to get under her skin.
“You were trying to redeem that Arrozan boy, weren’t you?” Francis asked her with a sly grin. “I heard about it on the way out of Castle Maribel. You really failed, huh? He massacred the entire ballroom! I guess you just can’t clean a dirty slate, huh?”
Terrance was looking at Kori in disbelief about the elf’s disrespect. He waited for an order from Kori to do something about it. Kori let the elf go on for a few moments longer, and then she could listen no more.
Kori nodded to Terrance, and he returned her nod.
All twenty soldiers came to a dead stop after Terrance shoved his hand downward with an open palm. After that, the only motion was Terrance dismounting and walking over to Francis’ horse. “Get down, elf.”
Francis was sweating despite the freezing weather. “Why?”
Terrance didn’t answer. Instead, he dug his fingers into the elf’s arm and dragged him down from the horse. Francis grunted in pain as he tumbled to the ground next to the horse.
Terrance unsheathed his blade and put it to the elf’s neck. “Do not disrespect the Redeemer.”
Kori used the stirrup to step down from her own horse. She straightened her clothes and approached the elf with a sneer. Francis lowered his eyes as she looked upon him with scorn, “Do not ever talk about Eory like that in my presence. I swear I will order you to be killed if you do.”
Francis gulped. 

He cleared his throat and chuckled. “Alright, I’m sorry. I won’t insult your fairy friend.”
Kori smiled smugly at the trembling elf. But then she realized what an arrogant fool she was being. What am I doing? I need to make this man my friend. He has to vouch for us to his queen.
She smoothed her orange hair back with a sigh and commanded, “Release him.”
The knight sheathed his blade and reluctantly stepped away from the elf.
Kori forced a smile and said as sweetly as she could muster, “Sorry about that. I’m just… I don’t like people talking about my… I don’t like people talking about him like that. I promise I won’t threaten you again.”
Francis climbed to his feet with an indignant expression, reluctantly admitted, “Yes, well… I suppose I shouldn’t have been taunting you. It’s just that—it’s pouring like crazy and you still insist on continuing to ride!”
“We must get to Alanheim as quickly as possible.” Kori replied tersely. “Suck it up. We still have to go around the Arbor mountains, and that’s going to take days.”
Francis puffed his cheeks out angrily. He had an angry retort ready, of course. “Are you mad? Traveling in the freezing rain will only make us all catch cold and die! Why are all who are not elf so foolish? I swear…” Francis went on and on.
Kori listened with slow, sarcastic blinks. She tried her hardest to be polite and listen to his concerns. She was about to interrupt when she could take no more, but something captured her attention—a distant silhouette standing in the misty, pouring rain.
Francis retreated to the background of her vision and hearing as all of her concentration was drawn to the silhouette.
This way. The silhouette was loud in her mind—overcoming Francis’ voice.
Hypnotically, Kori began walking toward the shadowy figure in the distance. The knights and Francis watched her go in confusion. They all thought she had some reason for moving away from them; they waited to see what would happen. When she had gone too far, they chased after her.
The knights were calling her name, but she couldn’t hear them.
She began sprinting--her boots stomping through wet grass--and the knights pursued her. Francis followed her as well, keeping pace with her.
The knights reached out and tried to seize the tiny waif with armored gloves, but they fell away from the world before they could. The only other one who hadn’t fallen away was Francis, who still kept pace with her.
The silhouette was coming into focus; she saw a four-eyed, yellow skinned creature who she recognized as an Antler. Her thoughts felt distant—like she had left them behind--but one pulsed clearly for a second, Antlers exist?
She came closer and closer—as did Francis, who followed inches behind her through a world which had become entirely black but for the three of them.
Kori’s thoughts, which had been trailing behind her, finally caught up as she came to a halt before the odd creature. Francis repeated her action, coming to a halt just inches away from the creature.
The creature seemed to freeze them where they stood with his bottomlessly black eyes—eyes that seemed to contain infinity itself within them.

“This will not go as either of you plan.” The Antler stated. “You will end up in a miserable place. But this is how it must be and how it must go. You must rattle the stars, despite feeling undeserving; you must be as bones without flesh and lay your souls bare.”
Francis and Kori both had questions, but their lips were frozen, as were their bodies. Kori felt like she couldn’t breathe—like she was suffocating—but her body was not registering it. Moments passed as the Antler gazed through them thoroughly. The Antler blinked, and rain was in Kori’s ears. He blinked again, and he disappeared.
He was replaced by the noisy, sensory world.
Kori gasped.
--She and Francis were surrounded by barbaric men wearing loincloths. They were all pointing spears at her and the elf.
Kori did a quick head count. Six.
She thought the man in front of her—the man who had colorful, golden feathers in his hair—must be the leader.
The leader demanded. “Don’t move.”
Kori realized who these people were when she looked at their ears. Those poor children who are a mix of elves and humans… Shunned from society.
Some of them were slim, lithe and had the bone structures of elves, others were stockier and had heavier builds like humans. All of them had ears that were only the tiniest bit of pointy at the end--but were otherwise round--unlike those who were full elf.
“Kori!” She heard the knights calling.
She almost replied, but the leader elf-human silenced her by putting a pointer finger to his lips.
Shhh.
He nodded to his men and Kori felt her wrists being tied together with ropes.
Francis was glaring at her angrily for dragging him into this.
She knew he hated her, and that was the last thing she needed.
Kori heard heavy armor clinking nearby. Her soldiers were still close. She couldn’t yell, or she was sure the elf-humans would kill her.
She had no choice but to hope the soldiers would catch up to them.
One of the barbaric men lifted her up and hoisted her over their shoulder. Another pointed a spear at Francis’ back and commanded him to keep walking.
Chapter Forty-Six: Dying Flame
While Pollyanna tried desperately to sleep that night, Them drifted off into a deep slumber that he could have done without.
Within his dreams, he encountered something familiar and something terrible.
He was pumping his arms and legs through black liquid that he thought must be water, but it neither looked like, nor felt like, water. The only clue that it was water were the bubbles erupting from his mouth as he swam through it. Otherwise, he may as well have been swimming through a night sky.
He didn’t know what he was looking for in the water, nor did he know how he ended up in it to begin with. He just knew there must be something important dwelling deep within it.
Time passed as an endless black ocean flew by his vision.
Eventually, his lungs were begging him for air in that underwater sludge, but still his legs pumped. They pumped until his muscles were exhausted and sore.
In the distance, he saw the silhouette of the thing he was looking for, but could not remember why he was looking for it; an Antler.
The yellow-skinned, double-jointed creature’s back was facing him. The Antler was not swimming as Them was, instead, it was standing perfectly still as if it were on land and not floating in the ocean.
Them sped up his pace, pushing his muscles harder.
He came closer and closer until he began choking for air.
He was nearly close enough to touch the Antler when he felt himself getting light-headed. He reached toward the creature with a wrinkled, blue hand. Tell me my destiny! Tell me why I’m here!
Them spluttered, coughing violently as his body forced him to swim toward the surface instead. When he burst out of the water, he lurched awake with his heart still pounding.
He glanced out the window. It was still dark out. He waited for his heart to stop beating so quickly, and then he went back to sleep.
__
-Pete nudged Them awake in the morning.
The waif pulled his blanket over his head. “I can’t do it today, Pete. I’m so tired.”
Pete floated above him, jingling violently. I know you’re nocturnal, but I refuse to let you miss breakfast!
Them gave an obnoxiously long groan but gave in and threw his covers off. “Fine, I’ll get up.”
He grabbed his uniform and joined the other recruits in the bathing room. He threw off his nightgown, throwing a few glances at Taylor before she disappeared into the crowd. Or perhaps she’s Eory right now? He thought to himself.
After that, they all headed to breakfast together.
Pete noticed how quiet his normally talkative and sunny friend was being as the crowd of noisy and hungry recruits funneled down the cold, iron hall toward the mess hall. Is there something wrong?
Them rubbed his temples with a sigh combined with a laugh. “I’m just ruminating…”
On what the Antler told you? Pete guessed. You’re so predictable.
Them nodded as he tried not to get stomped on by the other much taller and heavier recruits. “Yeah…”
He pasted himself against the wall momentarily, letting all the recruits walk past him so they would stop shoving him and Pete. Afterward, he finished following them to the mess hall.
Inside of the mess hall, Them got in line behind dozens of other recruits who had grabbed glass plates and wooden bowls laid out on a table near the entrance to the hall. As the line moved up--Astral Elves behind the serving table plopping various foods onto his plate--he surveyed the mess hall for a place to sit. A smile came to his face as he did so. He felt his rigid shoulders relax. He was thankful for the noisiness and merrymaking of the mess hall. It drowned out his meaner thoughts.
His smile turned bigger as he spotted Taylor taking a seat next to Pollyanna in the middle of the room. On the fairy girl’s other side was a red-headed elf. Them thought to himself gallantly, How dare he sit next to my Taylor? The cad!
Once Them got his food, he marched over to Taylor with his chest puffed out and tapped the red-headed elf on the back, “Can you move over, please?”
The elf chewed his food louder and said nothing in return.
Them scowled, raising his voice. “Move!”
The elf turned his head to the side and glanced at him with a raised eyebrow. “Can’t hear you, pipsqueak.”
Taylor giggled at the situation. “You’re going to have to try harder if you wish to take your place by your princess’ side.”
Them sighed.
Let’s just sit somewhere else, Them. Pete chirped. This elf could hurt us.
Not wanting to cause a ruckus, Them reluctantly nodded, turning around. He scanned the noisy room for a different place to sit when he heard Taylor exclaim, “Goddesses! That dwarf is fat!”
“What did you say, fairy?” The red-headed elf asked ominously.
Them turned around to see the tall elf wrenching Taylor from her seat by the neck.
“I’ve heard of you, Arrozan. I wager the whole world has. I know how you detestable wastes of space abused humans and fairies alike people--treating them as slaves. The world would be better off without you. I should kill you right now for insulting Eliita.” The elf’s grip tightened around the neck.
Pollyanna’s fists were clenched. She stayed where she sat, however—evidently trying to control herself.
Them, still carrying his plate, watched with his amber eyes widened.
The Antler beckoned him—waving an index finger at him with a smug face.
His eyebrows knitted.
He grabbed his mashed potatoes in a fist and flung them at the elf without thinking.
The elf was stunned for a moment. Taylor somehow managed to choke out a laugh despite the strong fingers squeezing the life out of her.
Terran dropped Taylor to the floor—who was still laughing herself silly—and then he turned to Them. Eliita, the stocky dwarf who Taylor had insulted, stood up and touched the elf’s arm gently. “Terran, don’t…”
He didn’t listen.
He stomped over to Them, looming over him with angry, dark eyes.
After a gulp of nervousness, Them stared the elf down with a similarly furious expression—although it didn’t look nearly as menacing on a creature that was so small of stature.
The Antler gave him a patronizing pat on the head.
Them recklessly slammed his fist into the elf’s knee.
The elf grinned smugly. He didn’t even flinch.
Terran cracked his knuckles.
Them realized what trouble he had gotten himself into. He threw up his hands. “Are you really going to pick on someone two feet shorter than you?”
The elf stretched, his expression unchanging. His knuckles slammed into Them's stomach.
The waif doubled over in pain with a gasp escaping his lips.
Them! Pete cried.
Terran smirked and stretched his fingers. Afterward, he balled his fists again. He intended to throw another punch.
Light spluttered erratically from Pete. Terran’s attention was diverted from Them to the wisp. The wisp floated up to the elf’s eye level and expelled a blinding flash of light.
The elf screamed and clawed at his burning eyes. “What is this?” Maruka’s voice resounded loud and clear.
The mess hall went deadly silent for a moment.
All eyes turned to see Maruka surveying the scene just inches away. “You will all be punished for this!”
Maruka trudged closer to the group, grabbing the elf’s face with his pale hands. Slowly, the elf calmed down as Maruka soothed him with a sweet voice. “Shhh…”
Water trickled out from Maruka’s fingers and dripped gently into the elf’s eyes. “You’re alright…”
Once the elf could open his eyes again, Maruka looked at everyone who was involved in the fight. “Who started this?”
Everyone looked at the floor but for Taylor, who was hiding a smile behind her hand.
Maruka waited, and when no one answered, he sighed. “After training, you four will go to bed without dinner and will use that time to wash the dishes instead.”
“What? But that’s unfair! You don’t know who caused this trouble!” Taylor protested.
Maruka grimaced. “I-if there’s trouble, I know you must be involved, Arrozan.”
Taylor glowered and stomped her foot. “I don’t want to go to bed without dinner on behalf of a fat dwarf!”
“Call her fat again—” The elf threatened but was cut off by Maruka.
“S-shut up and eat your breakfast.” The selkie commanded and then left.
Eliita took her seat again and patted the spot next to her with a solemn expression. “Come on Terran.”
The elf shot one last glare at Taylor and Them, and then reluctantly took a seat next to the dwarf.
__
Them was listless throughout training. His mind seemed to be elsewhere—not only that, but his stomach still ached from the punch the elf, Terran, had thrown.
“Are you scared?” The Antler asked. “You should be.”
He found himself consistently and relentlessly looking at Taylor with a throbbing head and a dour mood. The desire to be the best at something—to be known for something was consuming him.
Maruka made Them practice fighting three other recruits one-on-one. The pale-faced man suggested he use his small height to his advantage and use a light-weight weapon like a dagger.
Maruka directed him extremely well as he had the last two training sessions. He had Them’s opponent stand still so he could show the waif where to stab his enemies and how to maneuver around them effortlessly. Once he had shown Them more techniques, he commanded the pair fight for real with their wooden weapons.
“You’re a natural.” Maruka encouraged him with a smile after Them had put up a good fight against his much bigger opponent.
Them wiped his wrinkled forehead and smiled proudly at such a compliment.
“If you were only a human or a dwarf… You would truly be a force to be reckoned with.” Maruka lamented.
Them looked down at his feet. I hate being a waif.
After Maruka spent much time with recruits who had been struggling—particularly Taylor who had missed an entire day—Maruka let them train amongst themselves for an hour while he stepped out.
After Maruka left, Taylor sat by herself in the corner of the room—not bothering to train at all. Them could understand why; nobody wanted to spar with her, except for Pollyanna, and Pollyanna did not like Taylor and had very little patience for her. He heard multiple recruits laughing at her and saying a good thrashing would whip her into shape.
Them, who had been practicing firing arrows with pinpoint accuracy, walked over to the miserable fairy and said to her, “I saw you struggling earlier.”
Struggling was putting it lightly; in reality, she was shrieking and cursing and threatening to kill both Maruka and her opponent.
She jerked her chin away from Them haughtily, having no response.
A smile was dragged from Them’s face after many hours of miserable ruminating. “I said I’d teach you how to shoot before and I meant it! The time has come!”
Them grabbed her wrist, trying to jerk her to her feet but was too small to accomplish such a feat. He ended up tugging on her wrist to no avail.
“Stop it!” Taylor finally yelled when Them wouldn’t stop pestering her. “Fine!”
Taylor stood up angrily. “Show me how to shoot!”
Them gave her a wink. “You got it!”
He guided Taylor further away from the other recruits and into a corner of the room where they were secluded. He made sure the path ahead was clear for Taylor to launch arrows, and then dragged a practice mannequin so that it stood ten feet away from Taylor.
“Let me show you the proper form,” Them began. He grabbed a waif-sized bow and a fairy-sized bow from a weapons rack—weaving around dueling recruits as he did so—and returned to Taylor.
She snatched hers from him and waited for further instruction.
“Stand up straight—don’t slouch! Show your chest proudly—” Them began.
Taylor lowered the bow with an indignant face. “Excuse me?”
Them chuckled. “Sorry, I usually show men how to shoot.”
Taylor couldn’t help a little smile, and Them continued to instruct her. “Square your feet like this…”
Them crouched down and physically grabbed her shoes—making them parallel to each other and spreading them apart. “Alright, now put your chin over the shoulder holding the bow—that’s good, yes! You’re a natural!”
Taylor couldn’t help but smile at such praise—even if it wasn’t earnest—and Them couldn’t help but stop to admire her smile.
“Well?” Taylor interrupted the silence. “Teach me to shoot!”
Them chuckled sheepishly. “Sorry. Put your fingers on the string of the bow and then place the arrow on the bow and place your pointer finger above the arrow and two others below it.”
Taylor fumbled with her fingers. She tried to accomplish what he suggested she do, but found that she didn’t have the dexterity. The wooden arrow clattered to the floor. “It’s not my fault! You said the word ‘place’ too much and I got confused!”
Them bit back laughter--both because she had a point and because she was unnecessarily angry about it, “Here, I’ll demonstrate.”
He was having fun teaching her, and she would never admit it, but she was having fun learning. It took his mind off the Antler for a long time, but when training was done for the day and he briefly parted ways with Taylor, it was all he could think about again.
“You will die, you know, at age thirty, and you will never know what it is to burn with passion.” The Antler had taunted him long ago.
Them became moodier and moodier as he rested on that memory. Especially as he was forced to skip dinner and wash dishes with Terran, Taylor, and Pete before going to bed.
Forty-Seven: Mistake of Nature
The kitchen was a big room. Normally, the Astral Elves ran it with their cold, one-track-minded efficiency, but it was empty now. There were three ovens for cooking which made Taylor’s eyes light up (for a reason Them didn’t understand, she climbed in the half-circle hole in the bottom of one), along with multiple ladles and stirring spoons hanging from hooks on the ceiling. There were cutting boards set out on several wooden tables--spaced a healthy distance from each other to make it easy for cooks in the kitchen to move between them--and there were cupboards hanging high on the walls--at eye-level for the tall Astral Elves.
On the stony floor was a healthy pile of dishes and a basin of smelly, soap-filled water next to it. Them was slack-jawed. I’ll get no sleep… I’ll spend my whole night with these dishes.
Terran’s face twitched with fury when he looked upon the endless pile of dishes.
He turned to the waif and his wisp friend. “I swear I will make you pay for this. When you’re not expecting it, I swear I… What are you looking at?”
Them was staring at Taylor’s backside as she shoved herself deeper into the charcoal-ridden aperture at the bottom of the oven.
“I’m enjoying the view!” Them exclaimed.
Terran made a face. “I guess I should have expected that you would have no respect for your own friend’s dignity.”
“Come on, as if you don’t enjoy staring at your dwarven friend’s backside!” Them replied, nudging Terran with an elbow. The waif then called to Taylor, “Come on, Taylor, we have to get started! Get your head out of the oven!”
Taylor backed her way out with a smile on her face. “I didn’t get to look at the oven much before! I’m glad to give it a more thorough examination now!”
Them raised an eyebrow.
There was something different about her suddenly. She looked more self-conscious, more curious about the world around her.
“Eory?” Them guessed.
Eory leaned his head to the side. “Yes…?”
“Where did Taylor go?” Them asked—trying to hide his disappointment.
Eory shrugged. “She got bored. I hardly think she wants to spend her night washing dishes.”
Eory tried to wipe some of the charcoal off his face, to no avail. Indeed, he ended up smudging it. He approached Them with a nervous smile, shaking his hand. “Sorry I was so moody when we met and when Pollyanna was cutting my hair the other day.”
His attitude was friendlier; he was eager to please. He was not like Taylor. He wanted desperately to be liked where Taylor couldn’t care less about being liked.
She wanted to be revered. And she had the confidence of someone who demanded to be revered.
Even the way Eory tucked his hair behind his paper-thin ear—a consistent habit that belonged to Taylor as well—was something done out of convenience and nervousness whereas Taylor doing it always had a sense of purpose and confidence; an action of flirtatiousness to tempt those around her. She was sure of herself where Eory was not, and Them found it unappealing.
“It’s good to see you again,” Them replied with a forced smile.
Pete’s large, black eyes compressed into thin lines. Don’t find him very attractive, do you?
Them didn’t reply but he did sneak in a very brief glare at his friend. He said to Eory. “Are you sure you want to be stuck washing dishes all night?”
Eory looked down at his feet—apparently feeling uncomfortable meeting Them’s gaze.
His teeth sunk into his arm. “Well, it’s better than having to train with the other recruits…”
Terran was confused. He interjected. “I don’t understand. I thought her name was Taylor, not Eory.”
Eory looked up at the elf apologetically. He bowed his regret and murmured, “I’m sorry Taylor insulted your dwarf friend.”
-Terran’s confusion only increased at the fairy’s heartfelt apology. His mouth moved, but no words came out. Them turned to the elf and got ready to explain Eory’s fractured identity, but Eory took mercy on him and told the man instead. “Not very many people know this about fairies, but… Unless our genders are solidified early on, it remains very easy for us to change sexes…” Eory explained. “I was a girl at first, but my parents decided to make me a boy instead, and neither identity ever really took… So now I’m stuck in between.”
Terran crossed his arms. His face was a mix of confusion, anger, and… amusement.
Them was shocked to see Terran smile a little. “If this is true… You remind me a little of my brother. He is similarly malformed… Many who are elf are. But… I don’t think you are truly telling the truth. I think you’re making up a lie to try and avoid me rightfully beating you up for insulting Eliita.”
Terran stepped closer to Eory threateningly.
Them thought for a moment that he had never seen such a hateful looking creature in his life, although he was sure he must have at some point, considering how much of a scoundrel he could be.
Eory fell to his knee, turning a cheek. With a shaky voice he said, “If you feel you must hurt me, so be it. I feel awful for what I said.”
“So you admit that you are, indeed, Taylor? Why should you tell me such a convoluted lie about it?” Terran demanded.
Eory closed his eyes. “Because… She shares my body. In a way, she is me, and in a way… She isn’t. She shares her thoughts with me, but she also has some she keeps from me.”
Them chimed in and stood in front of Eory protectively, “It’s true. He and Taylor behave completely differently. Surely you must realize this even from your brief meetings with them.”
A shadow was smeared across Terran’s face as he looked poised to strike the waif with an open palm. Them saw the elf’s fists unclench. He heard a sigh escape from his lips.
“We’d better get started,” Terran changed the subject with a gruff voice as he looked upon the dozens of dishes caked with various foods. The elf sat down on the kitchen floor, grabbed three plates, and dunked them into the soapy water.
Eory breathed heavy breaths after his encounter with the elf. To soothe himself, he sunk his teeth into his arm. Them joined the elf on the floor and shook his head at Eory digging into his own flesh.
I have got to stop her from doing that… I mean, him… Them thought to himself as he grabbed a nearby scrubber and wiped the gunk off a dish. Them patted the empty spot next to him. “Come sit with us, Eory.”
Eory kept his eyes down, not moving for a second. Eventually, he shakily sat down next to Them who gave him a brief smile, but otherwise didn’t know what to say.
__
“Ugh, Nature Incarnate, what is in this soap?” Terran wondered with his nose turned up. “I suppose I should have known it would stink. Everything outside of Alanheim stinks!”
Them quietly scrubbed away at a cup. Occasionally, he would glance at Eory with an even frown.
What’s wrong? Pete asked Them.
Them forced a smile. He whispered. “I don’t know… I guess I just miss Taylor.”
Thankfully, Eory didn’t hear him. He was transfixed by the plate he was cleaning. While Them glanced at Eory, Eory glanced at Terran. There was a question on his face that he was too nervous to ask.
Them smiled a little. He nudged Eory. “If you have a question, just ask him. I’ll protect you if he tries to hurt you.”
Pete squeezed his friend’s shoulder. He was always impressed by Them’s kindness. Eory found his courage. He gulped and cleared his throat. “You said you had a brother who was like me?”
“Well,” Terran snorted. “I wouldn’t exactly call him my brother… Your… Affliction is all in your head, correct? I mean… your sex changes around how you and other people think of you, correct?”
Eory nodded as a plate slipped from his fingers and splashed into the basin of soapy water. Terran got sprayed by the splash. Suds slowly slid down his cheeks. He did not look amused.
Eory froze in fear with his jaw slack.
Terran turned his head to the side and sniffed out a laugh. “You’re clumsy like him, too...”
The elf couldn’t help but grin as he stared forward wistfully. “You see, my brother is neither completely male nor female. He is one of the Andillian. His affliction is entirely physical; he was born with the parts of men and women. We only call him a man because it’s easier to call him that. In reality, he’s a sick perversion of nature.” Terran scrubbed the dish he was holding so hard that he broke it in half.
Eory was so absorbed in what Terran was saying that he had stopped scrubbing his utensil. He cocked his head to the side. “What’s his name?”
Terran lowered his gaze. He hung one of his wrists off his upright knee. “Francis.”
“Do you miss him?” Eory asked the elf as he turned his attention back to the fork he was cleaning.
His answer was immediate. “No. It’s shameful having even one of the Andillian in your family. I’m glad I don’t have to be around him or anyone in Alanheim anymore.”
Terran abruptly climbed to his feet with both halves of the broken plate in hand. Them glanced Terran’s way and saw the elf leaning against one of the tables with glassy eyes. After a deep breath, Terran threw both shards of the broken plate into a waste bin and then returned to his spot next to the soapy water and dishes.
Silence resumed between the three for a time as they stayed focused on their task.
“So, why are you all in here?” Terran asked as he dried a plate with a well-worn rag. “I’m especially curious about you, waif.”
Eory squeezed his eyes shut painfully. “I… I’m sorry I can’t… I don’t want to talk about it.”
Them put a comforting hand on Eory’s shoulder. He told the elf his own reasons for being at the fortress to spare Eory. “I’m in here because I tampered with magic where I shouldn’t have while I was living with the Gamayuns in Maaris. There was a particular kind of magical contraption that the Gamayuns didn’t want me tinkering with, but I messed with it anyway. It was more than enough to warrant them sending me here. How did you end up here?” Them gave Eory an out, and the fairy was extremely grateful for it. He wiped a tear from his, smiling his thanks.
Minutes of silence passed as Terran seemingly fell deep into thought.
There was nothing but the sound of scratching scrubbers on dishes and the occasional sound of splashing water to fill the void.
Eventually, Terran began talking. He made no eye-contact with anyone else in the room; his words poured from his mouth. “I ended up here because of Francis and Eliita. That… Mistake of nature never knew his place, and I always stood up for him. Andillian—they are only allowed three jobs in Alanheim: Prostitution, slavery, or… statues to be gawked at--in which they are paraded around in a garden—naked—to display how ill-at-ease with nature they truly are.”
Terran chewed his thumb absent-mindedly. “I wanted anything for him but that, and it got me deeply into trouble… Regardless, the queen found out that I was courting Eliita which is a grievous offense in Alanheim--we are not allowed to court foreigners, especially if they are a different race. She took the jewel from her crown and summoned the Astral Elves to take me away to the Crater.”
Them chimed in, “How did you meet her? Elves don’t generally let foreigners in, do they?”
“No, but we like to stay on good terms with other kingdoms. Sometimes, the queen liked to invite the dwarven king to eat with her. Eliita was part of his entourage.” Terran explained. “She was to be the dwarven prince’s bride. But not while I was around. They found out about us, of course.”
Them chuckled a little at that. “Was it worth it?”
Terran nodded. “Of course it was. Any moment spent with Ellita is worth more than any free moment spent living in Alanheim under the queen’s rule. She doesn’t view her subjects as people. She views them as toys to be played with.”
After a comfortable silence resumed for a time, Them asked Eory, “So, are you and Taylor getting along better now? You seem at ease with trading places with her.”
Eory paused, looking up at the ceiling for a moment. “I suppose we’re at peace. She recognizes that my plans are the best thing for us as of now and switches places with me when she gets bored. She got a little upset from earlier, too. To be honest, I do wish she’d go away, though.”
“Why?” Them queried. “I thought she was having fun with me…”
Eory shook his head. “It’s not your fault. The other recruits don’t like her.”
Terran snorted. “No kidding.”
Them glanced at Eory and then back to the particularly sticky substance he was trying to scrub off a dish. “Can you… Ask her if she wants to meet on the dream plains tonight?”
Eory scratched his head. “I can try.”
“Dream plains?” Terran interjected. “What’s that?”
Them snorted. “Magic that is difficult to explain and not very helpful in the long run. I won’t waste your time by trying.”
Suddenly the door was opened—interrupting any further conversation. Maruka entered the room. “Come here, Taylor.”
Eory lifted his head. “I’m not done with the dishes, though…”
“It doesn’t matter. I have more important work for you.” Maruka stated.
Eory’s face was pinched and confused for a moment, but then the wrinkles from it smoothed and a smile came to his face like he had remembered something. He stood up from where he had sat and joined Maruka at the door. The two left together.
Terran was watching with a raised eyebrow and a smirk. “Mmm-hm.”
“What?” Them asked.
“They’re sleeping together, clearly. Why else would Maruka barge in here and let him off the hook?” Terran suggested. “I wouldn’t be surprised if he didn’t make Eory fight at all tomorrow.”
Them was crestfallen and disgusted. What a whore. Why should I want her now?
He realized how unfair that statement was when he had slept with so many women in his lifetime, but somehow, he thought it was fair.
--Chapter Forty-Eight: Painted Reality
“So, what room is it you wanted me to paint?” Eory’s voice echoed through the empty halls as did his footsteps. Everyone was either in bed or eating.
It’s just me and Maruka… Eory thought to himself.
He probably has ulterior motives for seeing you just like you do for him. Taylor warned him as he trailed behind Maruka.
I don’t think he does. He seems lonely—like he wants company… Eory remembered seeing the human crying bitter tears in the hallway. He said he was a prisoner… I can relate to that.
Taylor sighed. You’re so foolish. Those could have been fake tears and a fake story to pull at your foolish heart strings.
Eory shrugged. How bad could his intentions possibly be?
“Oh, y-you’ll see. I want it to be a surprise.” Maruka answered his question mysteriously.
Eory commented aloud to Maruka as they began climbing a staircase, “Astral Elves sure aren’t ones for decorations, are they? There’s nothing in these halls…”
Maruka chuckled in response. “N-no. T-they’re very logical and straightforward people. That’s why I need your help painting this r-room.”
Eory panted as he continued up the stairs; when he reached the top, he asked Maruka, “So, the Astral Elves run this place, right?”
Maruka nodded. “Yeah. I just w-work as a kind of… a figurehead of a leader, here. Astral Elves are incredibly efficient, but they’re not good at teaching or leading. They help plenty on the battlefield, of course, and run the place behind the scenes. They also promote promising recruits to captains and let them run the shifts--l-like me for example.”
Eory pushed himself harder to keep pace with Maruka and exclaimed without thinking, “Unlike you! You’re amazing! You’ve taught me—or Taylor--so much in just two days! You're a great teacher!”
Maruka covered a grin with his hand. “W-well, I try my best, but I w-wish the Astral Elves would give me just a few more days to train recruits.”
The selkie playfully nudged Eory. “I-I also wish I had been training you and not Taylor. You should get that discrepancy in your identity sorted out for your own good. Taylor is insolent.”
…I hate him. Let’s go to bed instead. Taylor demanded.
But Eory ignored her.
Maruka marched forward down the eerie, gray hallway in front of them and threw the second door on the left open.
In contrast to the dreary halls which were not lit, this wide, circular room was bathed in warm, orange firelight from torches on the walls. The room was a glorious, empty, iron canvas that Eory drank in with great excitement. His mind was abuzz with dozens of ideas of what he wanted to paint.
In the center of the room were barrels of paint filled with every color under the sun. Eory walked forward with his heart pounding in excitement. He did a spin to get a good look at the empty room. His voice echoed as he asked, “What is this room?”
Maruka stayed at the entrance with a smile on his face. “Normally, it’s an armory. B-but we cleared out all the weapons and armor for the time being so you could paint it.”
The smile wouldn’t leave Eory’s face as his eyes roamed over his limitless canvas. His mouth wobbled and a happy tear rolled down his cheek. Without thinking, he threw his arms around Maruka. “Thank you…”
Maruka looked over his shoulder in surprise. He felt an unfamiliar warmth bloom in the pit of his lonely stomach.
__
With a brush in hand, Eory smeared a pristine, crystal blue color on the iron floor. His large ears danced at the familiar sound of the bristles on the iron floor. It sounded like…
It sounds like the leaves of trees rustling in an autumn wind. This color… It delights my senses—it’s even more beautiful than a real sky. This smell is so familiar and intoxicating…
Eory slammed his palm into the paint with a grin and smeared it around in a circle. Suddenly, he was a child again.
He felt a guiding hand on his shoulder. Doesn’t it make you feel at peace?
“Kori?” Eory’s eyes lit up as he looked over his shoulder.
But it was only Maruka.
“W-who is Kori?” Maruka asked.
Eory, who had been on all-fours, sat up with his shoulders slumped. “She was my caretaker… The one who I told you about who was rehabilitating me in my prison.”
Eory listlessly dragged a blue finger across the floor in a straight line. “Maruka…?”
“Y-yes?” Maruka replied.
“Why is this fake sky so much prettier than the real one? I spent twelve of my eighteen years yearning to see the real sky again and it ended up being ugly.” Eory frowned, looking at the blue paint on his palm.
“F-fantasy is always prettier than reality. Y-you can paint reality however you w-want using fantasy.” Maruka didn’t remove his hand from his shoulder as he said it.
“I suppose you’re right. Maybe we should try harder to make our fantasies a reality.” Eory answered, brightening a little.
“M-maybe w-we should.” Maruka gave him an encouraging smile.
Maruka lowered himself onto his knees next to Eory. “What are you planning on painting?”
“Well,” Eory answered as he continued dragging the brush across the black floor. “How familiar are you with the fairy religion?”
“N-not very…” Maruka replied, leaning a cheek on the palm of his hand.
Eory grinned and poked Maruka’s nose with a shaking finger. “You’ll find out what we’re painting, then. Grab a brush and help me out!”
Maruka grabbed Eory’s wrist and examined his shaking fingers. “What’s w-with the shaking hands?”
Eory was beet red with embarrassment. “I don’t know. I can’t help it.”
Maruka chuckled. “There must be butterflies in your fingers.”
“I wish…” Eory replied wistfully as he returned to painting. “I think it’s just fear that is deeply embedded in my fingers.”
Maruka shook his head with a warm smile. “No. It’s butterflies. I’m sure.”
He left the room for a time, then, and eventually came back with a paintbrush of his own.
“Most of this floor is gong to be blue,” Eory shouted to the selkie from the other end of the room. “So get to painting!”
“Y-yes sir!” Maruka grinned.
__
Maruka was beginning to realize what it was that his new fairy friend loved about art and painting. There was something indescribably spiritual and soothing about it.
He was a prisoner through-and-through. He never had a chance to express himself freely—even his thoughts were not his own much of the time—but he could feel his soul pouring out through the paint on the floor. He always thought he didn’t have much of an imagination, but suddenly, the blue floor was beginning to look like the sea to him. He could hear the barking of seals, he could feel his fins waving through the comforting, warm water which felt like a loving blanket. I’ll go back one day. Somehow, I swear I will.
It took them an hour, but they were nearly done painting the bottom of the floor blue. Maruka wiped the sweat from his forehead and looked at Eory who was incredibly focused on his task. Maruka, who had been on all-fours, now sat on his knees and waited for Eory to notice he wasn’t painting.
Eventually, Eory's eyes darted the selkie’s way and the fairy realized he had been staring at him. “What?”
“I-I-I was just wondering… How did your family come to be so close with P-Pollyanna? Why is she so loyal to you?” Maruka queried.
Eory leaned a cheek on his blue hand—not realizing the paint was still wet—and drummed his fingers on his leg. “It’s a long story…”
Maruka wiggled his shoulders excitedly. “W-we’ve got time!”
Eory couldn’t help but open up at Maruka’s enthusiasm. “She… she had an absolutely miserable life, and my ancestor gave her suffering meaning… He gave her the power she wanted. She started out so weak and sweet…” Eory murmured, adding, “She became so powerful…”
Maruka lowered himself down on all-fours again and went back to painting—thinking the busywork would make his probing questions easier for Eory to answer. “I-i-it sounds like you have a crush on her.”
The soothing, sweeping sound of Eory’s own paintbrush briefly halted, and then resumed. “Goddesses, I love her so much… I can’t even tell you what it is I love or want about her. She’s a vile woman.” Eory’s strokes suddenly sounded angry, hard, and imprecise.
“P-perhaps it’s her power that you admire? Her ability to pick herself up after starting o-out so weak?” Maruka suggested.
Eory pulled himself into a sitting position. He tucked an errant hair behind his ear. “You know, when I was a child, my caretaker, Kori, convinced me that she was a grand hero who went against my parents’ wishes and saved as many citizens of Maribel as she could. Slowly, I’ve come to realize she was the opposite of that. She’s nothing but a killer. But… There’s something about her—something inside her that’s so…”
Eory sniffed, closing his eyes. “Deep down, I think she always just wanted to be loved, but when the world rejected her so cruelly, I hardly think it was love she wanted from it anymore.”
“W-what did she want from it?” Maruka asked.
“Respect… And fear.” Eory murmured sadly. “That’s what my ancestor gave her; respect.”
Eory’s fingers tensed in anger.
A furious volcano was rising within him.
Eory threw his paintbrush. It stung the iron wall and clattered to the ground. “I would have given her…”
He sucked in a deep breath. “Why? Why couldn’t she have waited? Why did she foolishly sell her soul to him? My ancestor carved his name into her like he owned her…”
“She s-sold her soul to your ancestor? I-is that why… She’s invincible?” Maruka probed.
Eory’s eyes widened, but he quickly turned his back to Maruka so he couldn’t see.
You fool! Don’t let him know the secret to her immortality! Taylor yelled.
“I don’t know how she’s invincible. My parents never told me, and Pollyanna won’t tell me either.” Eory whispered. Eagerly, he changed the subject. “How come you faced her so bravely when you first met her? I would have been crying in fear if she had lifted me from the collar like that.”
Maruka gathered his thoughts. He stood up. “L-let’s take a break. Come sit with me for a m-moment.”
Maruka walked to a patch of iron at the edge of the room that was still dry. Eory stood up with disheveled hair, blue paint on his hands, and charcoal on his face. Maruka couldn’t help but smile at it. The fairy walked around the paint that was still wet and eventually found his way to the selkie’s side where he sat.
Maruka chose his next words very carefully. “I-I was f-fearless of her because… I’ve known women like that before. They are unkind, and I’m used to them now. T-that’s why—I think it’s a good idea to stop loving her. She would only hurt you.”
Eory sighed heavily and kept his eyes glued to his hands that were folded in his lap. He acts as if I don't know that. I can't stop wanting her.
You’re so obsessed that it disgusts me. Taylor’s clipped and clear voice overwhelmed his mind. If she offends you, you should cut her loose.
“You said you were a prisoner. Is this woman you knew the woman who was… Or is keeping you captive?” Eory changed the subject.
Maruka paused for a moment—like he was caught unawares—and then he cleared his throat. “Y-you remember me saying that before, h-huh? N-no, she doesn’t have me captive anymore, but I still have the memory and scars to prove how hurtful she was to me. I-I used to not stutter like t-this, but I started doing it the first time she dragged her nails across my chest.”
“Dragged her nails…?” Eory whispered in shock.
Maruka nodded solemnly. “I h-have a feeling… Pollyanna would be that kind of woman.”
Eory looked at the clear, beautiful blue sky they had begun to paint thoughtfully. “How did she hold you captive?” Eory asked.
Maruka shrugged. “I-it doesn’t matter… I’m free now. Maybe I’ll tell you about it some other time.”
Maruka noticed Eory licking his lips with thirst. He smiled and handed him a water flask from the pouch hanging from his belt. “Thirsty?”
Eory nodded. “Very!”
He downed the whole bottle in no time and then handed it back to Maruka.
Eory glanced at Maruka nervously two times and twiddled his thumbs. Goddesses, just ask him!
Maruka turned his gaze toward Eory. “S-something y-you want to ask?”
“Well… Do you know if there’s anyway at all to eliminate the doppelgangers? I don’t think containing them is doing anyone any good…” Eory asked.
Maruka looked at Eory in surprise—his black eyes roaming Eory’s face curiously. He chuckled a little. “You’re so s-sweet. I know of no way, but if you would meet me again on a different night, I would gladly search the library with you f-for a way.”
Eory gasped. “Oh, that's right! I should be going to bed! We have to train tomorrow!”
“That would be wise.” Maruka agreed.
Eory sighed. “I’m so worried about having to fight in two days, though… I’m so bad at it.”
Maruka saw a way of making him feel special, and decided he should act on it. “I-I won’t make you f-fight in two days.”
Eory was shocked. “Truly?”
Maruka nodded. “Truly. I don’t see any point in it--you would probably just be a hindrance at this point. I’ll keep training you at your own pace when I have time.”
Eory breathed a sigh of relief, but then he pursed his lips. “I don’t know… everyone will think I’m getting special treatment… they might beat me up…”
“I’ll make sure they d-don’t. I have a lot of authority, you know.” Maruka winked. 
Eory gave it some thought, and eventually nodded. “I guess being beaten up is better than dying… I’ll take you up on that.”
A pleasant silence pervaded.
Eory suddenly laughed gaily as he looked down at his white hands that were coated in blue paint. He remembered how dirtied his face was with charcoal and was set to laughing even harder. “I’m such a mess!”
Maruka, wondering just how much the fairy understood about the world, decided to test how much he did. He looked the fairy up and down suggestively and smeared one of the charcoal patches on Eory’s face with a thumb. “M-maybe we should get you cleaned up?”
“That’s alright! I’ll just wait until morning to bathe with the other recruits! We can paint more later!” Eory answered as he leapt to his feet and began running for the door. “I’ll meet you at the library any time you want!”
Maruka chortled to himself. I suppose he knows very little.
-Chapter Forty-Nine: Rock and a Hard Place
Kori’s lips were chapped; her legs and arms were sore from hanging over the elf-human’s shoulder. Because she considered herself a dignified lady, she had kindly offered the human-elf a chance to rest his shoulders by suggesting he let her walk with her hands bound like they had for Francis. He declined her offer.
“The elf is complacent. You seem far too hot-headed.” The elf-human concluded. “Besides, if he weren’t considerably heavier than you, we would be carrying him as well.”
“Considerably heavier?” Francis was aghast. “How rude.”
“Both of you shut up.” The leader of the elf-humans demanded. “We wouldn’t want that entourage of knights to find you, now would we?”
Francis made a face. “I wouldn’t, but the waif would. It seems like no matter where I end up, I end up miser—”
“Quiet.” The leader said again, but this time, he was far more serious.
Francis and Kori were both silenced.
Kori licked her chapped lips. So thirsty…
Kori lifted her head a little so she could look at the scenery as it passed. Water drizzled from the sky and bounced off the shrubbery and grass that was being crushed underneath the elf-human’s feet. A billowy shroud of mist coated the land.
Kori smiled with relief.
One of her knights briefly appeared—a silhouette in the white shroud—and then disappeared again.
They aren’t far behind… Kori relaxed a little.
__
Time passed, however, and her knights still hadn’t caught up. It had been so long that the sun was beginning to set. The shroud of mist most likely obscured her from the vision of her soldiers.
Kori was thirsty beyond comprehension. “Please, I need some water…” Her throat was dry and scratchy.
“Patience.” Said the elf-human.
Kori’s eyes closed. Fear was a cloud in her mind that she could no longer ignore.
Still, rain fell from the sky.
Kori was glad when she drifted off into a light sleep despite being jostled over the elf-human’s shoulder.
When she awoke, she was lying on a soft rug inside of a tent. She blinked a few times, groaning in pain. The elf-human who had been carrying her was holding out a flask of water out for her to drink.
Kori nodded her thanks and took the flask from him. Once she had had her fill, she handed the flask back to the man and asked, “Where’s the elf I was with?”
“Follow me,” the elf-human said plainly and climbed to his feet. He left through the opening of the tent.
Kori painfully rose to her own feet. She took a half-second to glance around the tent for a weapon. She cursed under her breath when there were none to be found and reluctantly followed the elf-human outside.
Night had settled upon the land, and white rain still fell from the sky. Kori sighed. Nothing makes me miss Trella more than an endless rain shower.
Kori found that she was in a village hidden by trees and other vegetation. There were dozens of tents set up in the village and many of the women and their children were hustling to get inside of them now that the sun had set.
Kori had no time to give the village a thorough look-over, however, because the elf-human was quickly moving on without her.
He was walking toward the most distinguished tent in the village—a tent that had multiple suns lovingly embroidered into the otherwise dull and white fabric—where Kori assumed their leader was holding Francis captive.
It struck Kori that she could attempt to run—as her wrists and ankles were not bound—but she determinedly banished the thought from her mind. On my short legs, they would most likely catch me anyway. Besides, I need Francis. Kori reminded herself with some amount of conviction.
She followed the elf-human into the ornate tent.
Inside, she saw Francis caught and bound in the corner, an incredibly indignant expression on his face. In front of her, the leader of the elf-humans was diligently whetting his blade.
Kori stood awkwardly in the opening of the tent for a moment. Nervously, she rubbed her left elbow with her right hand.
Time passed.
The only sound was the shhk of blade on stone.
Kori glowered. She decided she didn’t like how rude the man was being. “Well? Are you going to acknowledge me?”
The man glanced up at her and stopped whetting his blade. An amused smile twitched at his lips. “I will give my full attention when I’m ready.”
He went back to whetting his blade.
So disrespectful! Kori thought to herself. “You’ll give me your attention now! Tell me why you have taken us captive!”
The man raised a quizzical eyebrow. “You have courage, waif, I’ll give you that. But I must also remind you that you have no power here.”
Kori was, indeed, painfully aware of how little power she had. She bit her lip. “Just tell us what you want from us…”
The man laid his sword in his lap. “You’re the Redeemer, aren’t you?”
Kori was silent for a moment.
“There’s no need to lie. There’s only one waif in this kingdom, and she’s the Redeemer. Why don’t you introduce yourself?” The elf-human suggested.
Kori swallowed nervously. There’s no point in lying. “My name is Kori, and yes, I’m the Redeemer. If you have any manners, you’ll introduce yourself, too.”
“I am Hew, the leader of the elf-humans. Your elf friend has told us something very interesting.” Hew said with a smirk.
Kori glanced over to Francis--who frankly looked ill at the moment--with a furious scowl. Nonetheless, she crossed her arms defiantly. “Oh? What’s that?”
“He says you have a little… Crush on your king. No, crush is not the right word. You adore him, and from the sound of it, he adores you, too.” Hew said. “I wager you’d make a good ransom. What do you want to bet your king would trade a lot of land for your safety? Maybe even enough land for us elf-humans to have a small kingdom of our own?”
A despondent frown pulled Kori’s lips down in a worried grimace. She recovered in a moment. “Can you really trust what he says? After all, he is essentially my captive. He wouldn’t care about smearing my name if it meant getting him off the hook, would he?”
Hew searched her face for a clue as to whether she was bluffing. “I think he was being truthful. I’m a great judge of character; it’s true he was getting himself off the hook, but the details of his story were far too precise to be false. Why would he tell such an oddly specific lie if it weren’t true?”
Kori felt betrayed by Francis even though she had no right to feel betrayed. After all, she was little more than his captor. She glanced down with a deep breath. “Even if it is true, do you really think the king would be willing to give you all that land just for me? He’d be more willing to let me die and then kill all of you before he did such a thing.”
Hew nodded animatedly. “Maybe. But this elf has been to many brothels and he has told me that it can help him distinguish who is lying about being in love and who is not. He told me that the love in both your face and your king’s cannot lie. At any rate, it’s worth a try. We deserve our own kingdom. I’m willing to die for it.”
“You don’t understand.” Kori said evenly. “There may be no kingdom left for you to have if you don’t let me take this elf back to his queen. Maribel is deeply in debt, and if I don’t convince the queen to lower the debt, we might be in for a war or an occupation from Alanheim. Please, let me continue on my way!”
Hew lowered his sword to the floor. A little smirk came to his face. “Very well. I’ll ransom you, give you back, and then you can continue on your venture.”
“It might be too late by then!” Kori exclaimed. “I need to go now! I promise I’ll mention your plight to the king—I’ll convince him to give you your own kingdom… I….”
The smirk hadn’t left the man’s face as he pretended to listen to her proposal. “Ah, little waif… Nothing you can say can convince me. What do I care who owns the kingdom—even if you are telling the truth about it being in debt?”
Kori lowered her eyes furiously. “You truly don’t care how much everyone—including you—will come to suffer under elven rule? They will kill you when they rule, or worse, enslave you.”
“Nothing will happen to us if there is a change in ruler. Your king would kill us, too, if he found us. Throw this waif and the elf in a tent, and make sure they don’t leave it without my permission.” Hew ignored her. “Tomorrow, we will take the waif back to her king and we will decide what to do with the elf.”
Kori glared at Hew in disgust. Her eyes did not leave his even as she and Francis were hauled from the tent.
__
Kori and Francis were given a chance to relieve themselves at the edge of the camp before being locked away in a tent together. Kori was embarrassed and averted her gaze as Francis shamelessly disrobed.
One does have to wonder which parts are that of a woman… Kori thought to herself. Ah! How rude of me!
She asked the guards who had accompanied them, “Can you all please look away?”
“And give you a chance to escape?” One of the elf-humans replied.
Kori rolled her eyes and then gingerly disrobed and did her business fast.
Afterward, they were given two flasks of water and a meager dinner to eat inside a tent which was heavily guarded.
Francis glared at her as he ate. “You humans are so lax on your patrols. How could you not know that you have an infestation of elf-humans lurking so close to your castle?”
Kori didn’t bother looking at him as she picked at her meal. “I am not a human, and we can’t patrol every square inch of Maribel.”
Francis snorted. “Elves would never allow this.”
Kori tried not to bite back with sarcasm. I need him on my side. I need him on my side. She repeated it to herself as if repeating it would make being kind to the elf easier. “I know. I’m sorry. I’m sorry about all of this.”
Francis looked up in surprise—unable to hide his genuine shock at her apology—but then cleared his throat and put on his arrogant façade. “You should be! I’m glad to know how ashamed you are! I came here as a guest, only to leave as a captive!”
Kori reached deep inside herself and found compassion for the elf who had been nothing but a nuisance to her. She reached out with her special magical power to soothe. The magic creeped up on Francis and made his stiff shoulders relax and his heightened emotions even out.
Kori conjured up some tears. “I really am sorry. All of this has been so unfair and awful for you. Guests are supposed to be treated like kings; we’re supposed to show foreigners how polite and accommodating a kingdom Maribel can be, but instead we showed you that we’re just a bunch of savages!”
Kori forced more tears out of her eyes and wiped them away with them away with the back of her hand. “It’s just been so hard lately! First, I learn that you have been treated so unfairly and captured unduly, and then I learn that our entire kingdom is in debt and that we could entangle ourselves in a war with your people if we don’t return you safely. And then, I lose the friendship of the king and… and Eory… I feel like this is all my fault…”
Francis had a look of pity on his face that Kori did not expect. “Oh, come now, Little Waif. You have no need to blame yourself. The only person you need to be blaming is your king. You have done nothing egregiously wrong. In fact, you have only tried to right the wrongs of your king. If it weren’t for you, your king would have strung me up or beheaded me.”
Inside, Kori was beaming. He has the ability to see my side of things! On the outside, however, she kept her wrinkly cheeks fairly damp, and sobbed all-the-harder.
“But even if we make it out of this mess I’ve gotten us into—even if we make it to Alanheim—you’re still going to tell your queen that we kept you captive. She’ll probably behead me on the spot!” Kori wept.
Francis bit his lip and held up a hand in such a way that it looked like he wanted to put it comfortingly on the waif’s shoulder. Instead, he merely said, “I won’t do that, waif. I would have nothing to gain from it, other than your pain and suffering, and I’m not that cruel…”
Kori leaned her face into her palms to hide the grin that she couldn’t help. Even if he’s lying, at least I’ve given him something to think about!
She uncovered her face when she was ready with a convincing frown. “Truly? You are so kind, Francis.”
Francis looked flattered for a half-second before regaining his arrogant composure.
He gazed up at the ceiling of the tent—holding a piece of chicken in his fingers—and asked her, “I don’t suppose you have magical power enough to burn all these people to death so we can escape…? The Redeemer should have some amount of magical power, yes?”
Kori nodded—her eyes still wet with tears. “I do… But not enough for us to escape alive. Besides, I generally don’t like to burn people to death if I don’t have to.”
“I suppose we’re doomed to be prisoners to these savages.” Francis sighed. “Doesn’t make much of a difference to me, I suppose.”
Kori felt ashamed of herself for manipulating him. She was reminded of how she genuinely felt sorry for the position he was in. I suppose I see his side of things, too.
“I’m sure my knights will find us.” Kori said it more to convince herself than Francis.
The elf curled up on floor of the tent and closed his eyes. “I hope so.”
Kori finished her dinner and then drifted off into a fitful sleep, as well.
Or were they memories she had drifted off to?
__
“Kori,” her mother told her sternly as she dressed her six-year-old daughter in a modest dress. “Your father will not always be there to walk you to the school. Your  brother will have to take you on occasion.”
“Okay, mama.” Kori murmured meekly.
“Don’t make eye-contact with any of the men or boys you see on the way there. Keep to yourself and make sure your dress is buttoned all the way up.” Mother said as she knelt and made sure the bottom of Kori’s dress dragged along the floor as societal norms dictated it do. Next, she made sure that Kori’s arms were entirely covered with the dress’ sleeves, and when she was satisfied, she sent Kori off to the school with her father.
Nobody looked at her on the way to the school.
Nobody looked at her at all.
-Chapter Fifty: The Price of Freedom
While Maruka fought with his troops up on the battlements that night, he couldn’t help his cheery disposition. Even though so much rested on his shoulders--being so involved with running the fortress-- and there was so much chaos around him, he felt like he could float. The sound of the terrified screaming of his soldiers didn’t weigh heavily upon him tonight—neither did the grinding of axes on swords nor his responsibility of having to keep his recruits alive. He felt like he didn’t have to hang his head because his heart was so heavy as he normally did; he felt like the shackles that were keeping him bound to his duties and to the dryad had been removed.
He unleashed a dampened arrow with pin-point precision into the fiery heart of a doppelganger with a smile on his face. One of the recruits who was hunkered down next to him behind the parapet commented, “You seem cheerful.”
Maruka didn’t reply; he didn’t even hear her. He was caught up in something that only he could see.
Crystalline bubbles were floating up from the dead earth surrounding the fortress; they buoyed upward and upward until they eventually popped. Maruka stared at them with an almost drunken smile. Following the bubbles, water began surging up from the earth, and sea-vegetation popped into existence after it. Maruka could hear seals barking in his ears; he could feel water caressing his cheeks.
“Sir, get down!” The recruit hunkered down next to him grabbed his calf, dragging him down next to her just as a shadowy arrow flew past his head.
Maruka was breathing heavily. What happened? Was that all my imagination?
He ran a hand through his hair. Am I infatuated with the fairy? Is that where this imagination has stemmed from?
He slammed his back against the slab of iron. No. It’s the art. I can’t stop thinking about it.
Maruka regained his bearings. Although he was still cheerful, he kept his imagination under control. He stayed with the recruits for many more hours—fending off the doppelgangers--and then he returned to his quarters to attempt to rest as different concriptants took over his shift.
He sat on the edge of his bed—hunched over with his hands hanging off his knees. He could imagine the sea gently waving under a clear sky and a cool wind.
His hands tingled excitedly when he thought of continuing to paint the room; his wrists twitched. I can’t stop thinking of it! I must return to the sea! Not the painted sea, but the real sea!
“Maruka…” A sing-song voice called.
Maruka looked around in the shadowy corners of his room until he saw the silhouette of a woman in one of them. “Lollia…?”
“What have you been up to?” The dryad queried from the darkness.
Maruka couldn’t help the electric fear that ran up his spine at her voice. “G-gathering information like you asked. I-I didn’t learn much of interest yet. Just that Pollyanna seems to have gained her powers from one of Eory’s ancestors.”
The dryad, Lollia, crossed her wooden arms with a disparaging expression. “I know. I heard. I also heard you telling him that you didn’t like being my slave.”
Maruka’s eyes darted downward worriedly. “Y-you were there? How?”
Lollia emerged from the shadows and sat down next to him. She reached into his ear and pulled out an ant the size of her thumb. “I planted one of my spies on you. He told me everything.”
Maruka couldn’t hide his look of revulsion at something so big living in his ear. In a moment, he managed to recover. “I-I shouldn’t have said t-that, but I was trying to bond with him. H-he told me he was a prisoner once, too. We had that in common…”
Lollia’s blue eyes narrowed with cold anger. In a voice colder than her eyes, she asked him, “And what is wrong with being a prisoner?”
Maruka was too frightened to look her in the eyes. His stomach swam.
Words spilled hastily from his mouth. “Y-you know I hate being a prisoner. Y-you know I hate being a slave. Why should I-I hide my true feelings from you if you know them already?”
“Because that is what being a slave is truly about!” Lollia shrieked. Maruka finally looked at her face just as it contorted into a brutish and almost impossibly ugly tangle of roots and bark. “Your surface emotions become your true emotions, and suddenly you love being a slave and can’t imagine being anything else! I used to have that with my former master! Do you think I like feeling these ugly, deep, unencumbered emotions?”
Another shiver ran up his spine and resulted in an involuntary muscle spasm.
Maruka inevitably thought back to Eory and his own comfort in being a prisoner. Eory had told him that he had begun to miss his prison because the outside world had been so cruel to him. Maruka hadn’t told him, but he could relate to that predicament. Maruka couldn’t help but think back to a time when he had been completely under Lollia’s control and had no qualms about it.
The sea had been simple, eloquent and safe. The surface world was the opposite; complex, messy, and dangerous. Before, on the surface, he couldn’t last without someone to guide him—someone to be his friend—someone to make life simple by stripping his choices away and making them for him.
That person was Lollia.
“Ch-chains can be comforting…” Maruka found himself reluctantly agreeing.
Lollia laid her rough, wooden cheek on his shoulder and enclosed her twig-like arms around his shoulders. “Yes. That is why we must give this entire world chains.” Maruka felt the love, warmth, and safety that he used to feel when she hugged him. When he was in her arms, he felt certain that he would survive another hundred years.
“So you made progress with the fairy, then?” Lollia changed the subject as calmly as she could muster—trying to move past her anger with him. “And you are on the cusp of discovering the secret to Pollyanna’s immortality?”
Suddenly fearing the uncertain and lonesome future, Maruka found himself leaning into the woman’s hard, but familiar, embrace. “I just need a little more time with the f-fairy. I think it will be easy to g-get him to tell me about Pollyanna’s invulnerability. But… Why do you even need to know the secret of Pollyanna’s immortality? You’re already so powerful. S-surely you can find a way to rule without her.”
“Having an immortal soldier on my side could only make shackling Yharos easier, wouldn’t you say? While it is true that I am more powerful than most, I can’t say I’m invulnerable like she is. And the fairy… Arrozan magic can be terrifying. His ancestor, Fjorn, collapsed into lazy greediness and gave up on his dream of enslaving the world, but he could have done it if he had had more determination. I have also…” Lollia began, but her voice got caught in her throat before she could continue.
“Y-you have a-also?” Maruka prompted.
Lollia was eerily quiet for a moment. “It doesn’t matter. All that matters is that the Arrozans and Pollyanna are mine.”
Maruka found himself being pushed down by her immovable hands. His heart was beating against his chest in chill horror, but his face was blank and accepting. He turned his head to the side with a dead look in his eyes.
“As well as your bad-mouthing me to the fairy—telling him that I have been unkind and hurtful to you…” Lollia murmured as she pinned him beneath her. “I heard you flirting with him. Why should you do such a thing?”
The pain that shot through him woke his body from its petrified slumber.
He jolted upright--shoving her off and scurrying toward the door.
He remembered that the price of slavery—the price of safety which he treasured so much—also came with brutal torture and being at the whims of someone unstable and cruel.
The Dryad snapped her fingers.
The golden collar made of magic formed around his neck and yanked him backwards where he had been a few paces before.
“If you want to o-own him and the old woman, Pollyanna, so much, why don’t you pose as a recruit and manipulate them yourself?” Maruka whimpered. “Just let m-me go!”
Maruka grunted as he pulled at the collar which burned his fingers as he tried to tear it off.
“Who was your friend when nobody else was?” Lollia reminded him accusingly. “Who do you owe your life of intelligence to? Who was there for you when you were abused and taken advantage of?”
“You’ve abused and taken advantage of me!” Maruka cried. “I-I want to be a seal again and forget t-this horrible nightmare of a life!”
“I have done no such thing! You never once complained before! You were all too happy to accept my love and gifts when it was convenient! But now that I have something to ask of you, you refuse me!” Lollia snapped. “What is it you would like from me? What would it take for me to make you a happy slave again?”
Maruka’s tugged at the collar a few more times to no avail. He spun around and looked at her hard face, covered, as it was, in bands of dark red shadows smothering her face.
Knowing she would  never let him go, and remembering how, indeed, she had been so very kind to him when no one else had been, he sniffled and hung his head—feeling the familiar weight returning to his heart. He felt the will to fight leaving him; the comfort of complacency set in. “B-bring me the live f-fish I used to eat when I was a seal. That’s all I want. And please… Love me only when I wish to be loved.”
Lollia, who had been standing, sat down. She crossed her scaly and twisted legs with a dour expression. In a moment, she smiled accommodatingly. “You shall have it.”
Maruka was stunned that she should be kind enough to respect his wishes and his wants. She snapped her fingers again and the golden collar left his neck.
“You know why I can’t pose as a recruit here and ask the Arrozan and Pollyanna how she came to be invulnerable. I am unable to make pleasantries and lies as well as you are.” Lollia came close to him so that there was only a suffocating inch of air between them. “Besides, this is a good way of reaffirming your loyalty to me, wouldn’t you say?”
The room was filled with dead air as Lollia appraised Maruka’s face. For a long time, he thought she was going to kill him.
Her hands shot outward.
Maruka jumped and a fearful gasp escaped his lips.
She clapped her rough hands to his cheeks and looked upon him like he was a shiny treasure. Her face was crazed with passion. “Tell me you haven’t forgotten our destiny? Do you think the Antlers appear to anyone? Do you think they would be called legends if they didn’t make the people they come across into legends! Do you think they would bond people together just for the sake of it? No! We were meant to do something grand together!” Lollia aggrandized passionately. “We are the only ones who can dig the rot out of this cruel and corrupt world! It is not just the people who are sick… It is the very soil! When a baby takes its first steps, the blackened grass has already infected them! We will figure out a way to make everything happy—including Yhaos itself-- I promise you! Now you must promise me not to turn your back on me! You must promise to help me fix this world as you once did before!”
Maruka could say nothing. All he could do was pray that she wouldn’t change her addled mind and decide to kill him.
Lollia reminded him of how the world was; flippant and unpredictable. One moment she was threatening to kill him, the next she was telling him that he was the most important person in the world.
“I’ll help y-you.” He attempted to appease her.
“Good. And you can flirt with the fairy all you want if it gets him to trust you.” Lollia said jubilantly.
Maruka wondered how the same thing that had made her to angry before didn't bother her at all now. Perhaps it never did in the first place, and she was only playing with him.
Chapter Fifty-One: A Girl of Flowers
Them hoped that Eory had been kind enough to ask Taylor to meet the waif on the dream plains that night. After an exhausting night of making awkward conversation with the moody elf, Terran, with nothing but smelly dishes for company, he could use some cheering up by the vivacious Taylor.
“So, Terran… how was it that you decided your dwarf friend was the one for you?” Them attempted a conversation starter earlier that night.
“She was respectful.” He replied shortly.
“That’s it?” Them was astounded by the elf’s uninspiring and cold description of why he loved his woman. “Shouldn’t you mention her curvy hips? Her plump lips? Her vivacious personality? You do burn for her, right?”
Terran rolled his eyes. “I do not need to drool over her and explain how much I esteem her parts to convince anyone, least of all you, that I love her.”
What a tepid relationship… Them thought to himself.
And later that night, when he climbed into bed with Pete by his side, he closed his heavy eyes and reached out with his nearly-asleep-mind. To his surprise and delight, Taylor had opened her dream plains to him.
He felt his consciousness drifting toward them until he fell into them.
__
Taylor was doing something very sweet; she was picking flowers on the impossibly verdant lands of her lush dreams.
Them popped into existence about a yard behind her. He watched her in silence for a moment—trying to discern whether doing something so very sweet and feminine fitted her well or not. He had to clap a hand to his mouth in a moment to prevent his laughter when she began singing.
♪I am an innocent maid
As white as a lily, some think I’m silly
And here I am, waiting for a knight with a blade
Wondering if he will cut my innocence in twain ♪
Them snuck up behind her on silent feet until there were only inches between them. He lunged forward with his arms outstretched—pushing her shoulders. “Boo!”
Taylor shrieked and spun around. When she realized it was only Them, her wide-open mouth and eyes were drawn into a furious frown. She shoved a palm into his torso, shrieking melodramatically, “You beast! How dare you sneak up on me!”
Them chuckled. “I couldn’t help it! You made it so easy!”
Them cleared his throat and smiled mischievously as he looked at her hand. “So…”
Taylor, who was still holding a white lily in hand, suddenly dropped it, her face turning red.
“I didn’t know you liked picking flowers and singing.” Them finally burst out—unable to contain his amusement of the fact.
“I-I don’t! I was just bored waiting for you. I had to do something…” Taylor explained hastily.
Them couldn’t stop smiling. “You have a nice voice… It sounds to me like you have sung a lot before--therefore you must like singing very much!”
Taylor did not look amused at his needling, and he decided he should stop before she pushed him—or worse, end their visit for the night.
Instead, he decided to be encouraging. “You know, I was a bard for a time. Singing… Well, singing made me feel alive. There’s no shame in liking it. I can coach you if you like.”
Taylor still did not look amused for an awkward beat, and Them thought she might tell him to leave. Her nose twitched; she sneezed. As if the sneeze had changed her disposition, she suddenly smiled. “What do you mean it ‘makes you feel alive’? You’re alive right now!”
Them hunkered down to a sitting position in the grassy field and answered, “Well, I’m not so much alive as I am living.”
“Does a ghost sit before me? Where has Them gone? Perhaps he should speak plainly rather than in the flowery language of a bard!” Taylor made a show of searching for Them among the flowerbed behind her.
Them chuckled to himself. “Only you could cheer me up with such ease! When I say alive, I mean that I feel as if I’m dead already. Nothing has ever made me burn with passion like a lively person should. I’ve tried traveling, I’ve tried my hand at so many different professions, but nothing ever made me feel like—like my existence had a grand point.”
Taylor pursed her lips condescendingly. “Poor baby! He’s spent his life doing whatever he wants and he still hasn’t found any activity that can reach his high standards! Why, it’s as if he hasn’t been locked in a cage for twelve years of his life!”
Them looked to the side with bright red cheeks. He was embarrassed about telling someone about his personal pain, but even more embarrassed at comparing it to someone who had suffered so much more than he had.
Knowing Taylor liked to argue, Them threw it back in her face. “Well, at least I don’t abandon my friends to do the dishes by themselves all night! Poor little princess didn’t want to get her hands dirty!”
Taylor’s face went blank. “Friends…?”
Them blinked rapidly. “Yes… We’re friends.”
Taylor turned her back to him—clasping her hands in front of her heart. “We are not friends…”
Without warning, Taylor began walking away from Them. While she walked, the grassy field beneath her feet wilted and died.
Them watched her stomp away in silence.
Taylor could wear whatever she liked in her dreams, and today, she chose to wear a somber black dress with a lacy gray hem that hung longer in the back then it did in the front. In general, Taylor seemed to like black, and Them thought that it was a sad color to like. He wondered if her favorite color revealed how unhappy she might truly be.
Them spurred himself to his feet, pursuing the perhaps-unhappy-girl with a happy expression on his own face. If there was one thing Them liked, it was cheering pretty girls up.
He called to her adventurously, “You’re always running away from me, and yet you know I can make you smile! Why don’t you consider staying?”
There was no answer from her as she marched on wordlessly.
The circular death eking out from Taylor’s feet rapidly became bigger and bigger with each step and eventually killed every inch of green surrounding Them.
It became freezing cold as the blue sky above him turned an eerie, blood red, and angry clouds manifested in the sky. The earth shook violently, throwing Them onto his side as, in front of him, dirt began crumbling and caving in toward a chasm that was rapidly forming.
Eventually, the earth stopped caving in; on one side of the chasm stood Taylor; on the other, Them. Taylor finally turned around with her arms crossed; on her face, she wore an unsympathetically black expression. “You’ll stay on that side of the chasm! I don’t want you coming any closer!”
Them shakily pushed himself to his feet and came as close to the chasm as he could bare without getting vertigo. The chasm was about two yards across.
The waif shouted. “It’s hard to talk to you from here!”
Taylor replied curtly. “Just tell me why it is that you wanted to meet me here!”
Them glanced up at the red sky and then back to Taylor. “I was wondering why Maruka wanted to see you last night!”
The fairy clasped her hands in front of her. “It wasn’t me he wanted to see. It was Eory. He wanted him to help him paint a stupid room.”
The fairy looked downtrodden—she looked almost jealous—and Them felt a surprising, seething jealousy of his own at her late-night involvement with Maruka. It doesn’t matter whether she was the one seeing him or not. It’s still her body, and she should have just as much control over it as Eory does.
Despite feeling angry jealousy, he tried to stay amicable. He put on his warmest smile and asked with a half-chuckle, “All you did was paint a room! That’s nearly as boring as washing dishes! I pity you!”
Taylor stared at him with a flat expression. She was an animated woman and seeing her so wooden was scary.
“Them. What was the magical device you tinkered with when you were with the Gamayuns? How is it that you ended up in the Crater?” Taylor spoke clearly, but not loudly.
Them rubbed the back of his head. “Why do you want to know?”
Taylor had no answer. He saw her tapping her foot impatiently, however. He quickly replied, “they had a kind of magic stored inside of an emerald called a Thailgand. The gamayuns told me that it had the power to awaken untapped magical potential in whoever touched it.”
Taylor looked at her nails--nails that were painted black in this dream version of herself. “And why is it that you desire magic so badly?”
“I…” Them took a deep breath. “I don’t need it. I just feel like it would make me feel like I have a… Place in this world.”
“Oh? And why do you need a place in this world? Why is it that only magic can give you that?” Taylor continued.
“It doesn’t have to be magic necessarily—” Them began to get annoyed at her prying; Taylor was beginning to grin darkly.
“If not magic, what does it have to be? Why is this so important to you?” Taylor pressed.
Them paused for a moment and realized he was holding onto a secret that he didn’t want anyone other than Pete to know. His mouth moved—he tried to answer her—but no words came out.
“If you’re truly my friend, then answer me!” Taylor stomped her foot into the ground with such force that chunks of earth flew up. “Friends tell each other the most intimate and dark secrets about themselves! Tell me your darkest secret!”
Taylor stomped her feet over and over. Large chunks of earth crumbled beneath her and slid into the black chasm between her and the waif.
Them cried, “Taylor—what are you doing!”
Them tried to tell her his darkest secret—he tried to tell her that he would most likely die when he turned thirty-one in three years due to the Antler’s prediction—but the words would not come out.
Why am I holding onto this? He wondered to himself.
The earth Them was standing on began caving in toward the chasm—he lost his footing and plummeted downward into blackness.
I wonder if one can die on the dream plains?
He was falling for quite some time. His lips felt chapped and his skin felt dry from the constant barrage of wind whipping upward at his face.
His feet eventually collided with hard ground. He was glad not to be dead.
All around him was pitch black darkness.
“Taylor?” He whispered.
He felt two hands being shoved into his back accompanied by high-pitched giggle that made his hair stand on end. “You teaser! We truly are not friends! Friends tell each other everything!
Them couldn’t help the shaking of his hands as he turned around. “Why are you trying to hurt me?”
She ignored him and ploughed ahead with what she was saying. “Why don’t you just admit that you only want to be my friend so you can ravage me! Flirting is fine, but don’t pretend that you actually care about me.”
Her hand was raised high in the air; fingers were pulsing with black flames.
Them recklessly grabbed her wrists before her magic—unencumbered by the bracelet Maruka had put on her while she was awake—could explode from her fingers. “Calm down! It’s true that I find you irresistibly attractive, but it’s also true that I care about you very much.”
Taylor’s face, which had been closed and wrinkled with anger, now opened up with surprise. She stood perfectly still for a moment. She looked down at Them’s hands.
She sniffled twice and shuddered. “You’re the only person I know well, and we only like each other because I think you’re cute and you think I’m pretty. You’ll hate me and want me to disappear, too, once I tell you…”
Them’s eyebrows creased with compassion. “Tell me what?”
“I won’t be fighting in two days. Maruka told me I didn’t have to.” Taylor explained.
Them couldn’t help his change in expression from compassionate to cold. “You won’t be fighting? Why not? Why should he give you special treatment?”
Hearing the judgement in his tone, Taylor swallowed any tears she had; a scowl overwhelmed her face. “I don’t know. Why do you think he gave me special treatment?”
Them looked away. “I can think of no other reason other than that he fancies you. You should help us in the coming battle; there’s no reason why you can’t be an archer up on the battlements.”
“I would be nothing but a hindrance. Besides, I shouldn’t have to fight if I don’t want to. I am a princess! I am not common rabble like the rest of you!” Taylor countered. “Just say what you’re thinking; you think I slept with Maruka so I wouldn’t have to fight!”
Them sighed deeply. He had had enough. “Grow up, Taylor. You can’t expect to get through this life without learning valuable skills. While you’re inside, sleeping peacefully with Maruka and learning nothing of value, the rest of us will have learned the skills we need to defend ourselves. The other recruits won’t like you for this, and you’ll have no way of defending yourself from them other than Pollyanna.”
Taylor was silenced by his correct observation. She was nearly too proud to bother to correct the one part of his statement that he had gotten wrong, but she couldn’t help herself. “W-what if I told you… That I didn’t sleep with him? What if I told you that it was Eory who was with him all night and not me and that they were merely being friendly with one another and nothing else?”
Them shook his head and wished she would just be honest. “Damn it, Taylor! It’s your body and your thoughts as well as his! Why can’t you gain control of it?”
“If I could I would! You have no idea how horrible it is to share your body with someone else! His thoughts are constantly infecting mine! I can’t get him out of my head!” Taylor replied shakily. “Why do you care about any of this, anyway? We just like playing a game together—we don’t share any real affections for one another!”
“I told you that you were my friend! Flirting with you is fun, but I genuinely care about you, Taylor! I want you to do more with your life than loaf inside and sleep with people who can make your life easier!” Them was shocked at himself for being so upfront and cruel.
Taylor’s mouth wobbled. She gulped down a lump in her throat.
“I’ll help you, I promise—Pollyanna will be there too, remember…?” Them tried to rectify as he clasped one of her hands in his. “But you have to put the work in—you have to join us on the battlefield in two days. You have to try making more friends than just me.”
Taylor’s eyes were lowered with shame and her cheeks felt hot with embarrassment.
Slowly, a rage bubbled within her at being accused of something she didn’t do—of having her honor slighted in such a vicious and unfair regard. “If you could believe I would ever do something so—so low, then I want nothing to do with you! Get out of my dreams! I never want to see you again!”
All at once, Them could feel his consciousness leaving his dream body and being blown like the wind through the hallways of the fortress and back toward his own room.
When he woke up later, he knew he had made a huge mistake.
He remembered how shy and awkward Taylor had been at his advances to sleep just a day ago. No, she wasn’t shy and awkward. She was downright terrified.
Her sultriness—her beckoning ways—they were all a front, and in the heat of the moment, Them had forgotten that.
Perhaps it’s because arguing with her is so much fun.
He decided that picking flowers and singing fitted her perfectly after all.
Chapter Fifty-Two: A Duel for the Light
Taylor was alone on the dream plains.
Because she was in such a blue mood, her imagination conjured a weeping sky above her head. She didn’t even bother to imagine a grove of trees for herself to take refuge under; she lay, curled up in a ball, out in the open on the muddy, barren earth.
She was glad that her tears were masked by the rain. Nobody was around, but somehow, she still felt embarrassed by them.
She sniffled, squeezing her eyes closed—forcing painful tears out of the corners of her eyes. I’m alone again.
For a time, she couldn't bring herself to move.
“Well, well. Look who’s wallowing.” A mocking voice forced its way onto the plains.
Taylor’s eyes fluttered open. She was greeted by Eory’s white, shoeless feet. Her eyes traveled upward and met her counterpart’s with a dark glare. “What are you doing here? How is it that you have learned to intrude upon the plains?”
Eory crossed his arms with a smirk. “You opened your thoughts to me when you first took control of my body; now I know how to enter the dream plains.”
Taylor grunted as she weakly forced herself onto her knees. She clasped her hands in her lap—all the while, her dark gaze had not left the man’s. “How unfortunate. This used to be the one place where I could be free of your wretched thoughts.”
“Maybe you should let me have the body. After all, you’re looking like a crumpled-up mess.” Eory suggested. “Just go away, Taylor. I was meant to be a man, not a woman.”
Taylor jumped to her feet and stomped toward Eory threateningly. Eory took a fearful step back. “You are fit neither to be a man nor a woman. You’re not even fit to exist. Where has this overconfidence come from!”
Eory said defiantly, “This overconfidence comes from the fact that I’m only dealing with you, and that you are merely me. I have no trouble hurting myself—I’ve done it plenty of times before--it’s other people I’m scared of hurting, and if I let you run about as I have been, you’ll end up hurting everyone.”
Eory’s face became hard and cold. “You have no one left, Taylor. Your one friend just abandoned you. You have no reason to exist anymore.”
Taylor breathed raggedly until her breaths overwhelmed her; they were the only thing she could hear. Her head spun.
You have no reason to exist anymore.
Taylor yelled and tackled the man to the ground. She enclosed her hands around his neck and pressed her thumbs into it as forcefully as she could muster.
Eory choked and sputtered. Weakly, he clawed at her hands.
“Do you think I need friends to get by! I have clung to life for eighteen years and I have never disappeared! I will certainly not disappear because a man I care little about has left!” Taylor growled.
Eory’s eyes rolled into the back of his head. He was light-headed--he could barely think.
He remembered that the plains he and Taylor were standing on were not real—he remembered that he could control them like Taylor could.
Just as Eory thought he was breathing his last breath, the earth groaned beneath them and began twisting slowly and rigidly toward the sky.
Taylor looked up in surprise, releasing the pressure on Eory’s neck. Her hands went lax.
As the landmass they were standing on began shifting diagonally, Eory and Taylor lost their footing and tumbled down the newly made sharp incline.
-The two grabbed onto patches of wet grass to stop themselves from tumbling further as the earth continued turning. The patches of grass were coming loose in Eory’s fingers; he had to think of something quick.
He imagined a long vine for himself to grab onto. Seeing Eory had made a vine, Taylor followed suite and made a vine of her own.
Eventually, the earth shuddered to a halt with Eory and Taylor hanging from their respective vines from the face of it. Eory felt dizzy from vertigo as he glanced down to where the landmass had previously been; now there was only a long plummet beneath him. His hands tightened around his vine as he tried to steady his dangling feet.
Taylor’s eyes were wide for a time. She recovered in a moment and growled.
She sneezed.
The world went black. Their surroundings changed entirely.
Eory found that he was no longer suspended from a vine; he found himself stumbling through impenetrable darkness. He couldn’t help the wobbling of his legs or the cold sweat funneling down his back as he moved forward with his arms outstretched. He snapped his fingers—hoping to turn the world back on—but for some reason, it didn’t work.
“I know the plains far better than you do.” Taylor’s voice resounded from the darkness. “Smothering your control over them is an easy thing!”
Eory went white with fear as he spun around in a tight circle—looking for Taylor.
“You know,” Taylor said from the darkness. “I don’t mind if you sleep with someone if it’s for control or power over them—but to sleep with them so that they will keep you from danger is despicable. I’ve decided I’m going to fight with the other recruits.”
Eory’s eyebrows knitted. “You will not. You’ll get us both killed. Besides, I haven’t slept with anyone…”
There was a familiar, bone-chilling giggle from the darkness. “Aren’t you supposed to be a man? Fearless and daring? I suppose I’ve always been better than you at that front. Besides, you don’t really have a choice in the matter. I’ll take over our body and drag us out onto the battlements if I have to.”
Eory’s fists clenched.
He felt a fury that had been bottled up inside him for twelve long years roaring to life within his soul.
“Just what makes you think you can manage that?” Eory’s whisper was overwhelmed with anger as he stared unflinchingly into the darkness.
“Oh, it will be easy. I have far more control over our body than you do. Do you remember ever being able to wrest control over our body from me ever since you left an opening for me to surface?” Taylor demanded.
Eory realized that, indeed, he had been letting himself be pushed further and further back into the recesses of his own mind. He remembered how his muscles would become loose and no longer his own at the whims of Taylor, and he realized just how irritated that made him. Initially, he had even freely given her the reins to do as she pleased. 
But now, things had changed. He wanted to be the one in control because he wanted to save Pollyanna. Moreover, he wanted to find a way to save every soul in the tower, and Taylor would only get in the way of that purpose.
Eory was taught not to embrace anger. He was taught never to harm others.
He was taught that he would always be treated like a villain unless he could prove otherwise.
He was taught to be submissive and sweet like a woman, and he was sick of it. Everything Kori taught him made him feel ashamed to be a man.
He reached into his memories and…
He remembered the last time he had felt proud of being a man.
He was roughhousing with his brother, Gershom, and embracing the rowdy and brave ways of being a boy after behaving like a girl for the previous years of his life. While they had roughhoused, he had left his meek and polite ways behind him and felt unashamed to be the person who was behind that sweet veil.
His teeth sunk into Gershom’s arm instead of his own for a change. He drew blood, and he thought he had gone too far, but instead of being scolded for it, Gershom lifted him into the air and exclaimed, “You have truly proved yourself a man, Eory! Strong and unforgiving! A true leader!”
And Eory thought of all the men he had met since he had left his prison; men who were far stronger and unbending than he was.
He thought of Them, who was unabashed in his pursuit of Taylor and unapologetically outgoing and passionate about life. He thought of Terran, who would let no one insult his woman and would defend her with his fists if he needed to. He thought of Maruka and his vast knowledge of how to fight and how to defend. He even thought of Laurence and how he had bravely infiltrated Castle Maribel and beheaded Eory’s entire family in order to keep his kingdom safe.
Lastly, he thought of Pollyanna who had shed everything that once made her soft and feminine and taken on a shield of masculinity so she would no longer have to feel pain.
Damn you, Kori! I am a man! There is no reason to be ashamed of that fact!
Embracing an uncouth and daring side to himself, he felt a tiny smirk grace his face. Realizing that she thought Maruka had feelings for him, he decided to use that against her.
If I make her angry—break her concentration—perhaps I can turn the world back on.
“You truly do value what Them thinks of you, don’t you? I suppose you’re afraid he won’t want you if he thinks you’re a whore. If I sleep with Maruka, I hardly think he’ll still want you anymore.” Eory tried snapping his fingers again.
For a brief second, the blue sky and brown earth flickered to life, but went black again immediately after.
“Why don’t you want to fight?” Taylor’s voice echoed from the darkness. “You must be the most cowardly man I’ve ever met.”
Eory looked up with his hands planted on his hips. “It’s not cowardly to admit that I’d be a hindrance on the battlefield. Besides. I’m doing far more important work with Maruka.”
Taylor’s voice reverberated throughout the black space. “You should be ashamed that I am more a man then you are.”
Eory felt his pride being stung.
He felt himself shrinking away from the piece of masculinity that he had briefly grasped. He felt his cheeks becoming warm with embarrassment.
He tried to stay brave. “Is being a man such a big achievement for you? You know that mom was truly the head of the family as well as dad. A strong woman acts rationally and recognizes when the danger her husband is facing is not worth risking—Gershom told us that! But you’re not a woman at all, are you? You’re a man like I am—no wonder you struggle to exist! You are not kind or supportive or sweet, or even wise!”
There was silence as the world flickered on and off.
He spun in a tight circle.
Through the flickering lights, he saw Taylor charging at him from the shadows
She leapt at him with her arms outstretched; he leapt back.
He remembered he had power—power he had always abhorred and didn’t like to use. Power that was made unavailable to him in reality due to the bracelet clamped on his arm.
This is my dream as well as hers. I can make it whatever I want it to be.
And he thought of the disgust he had for both himself and Taylor; every little thing they both had done that made him sick to his stomach whether it was deserved or not.
Disgust. Disgust.
Disgust!
A thick stream of putrid black magic shot out of his fingers, sending Taylor tumbling backwards through the flickering world. At the end of her tumble, the world burst into life. Taylor was lying in the mud under a pouring sky.
Her body was drenched in black liquid with plumes of smoke arising from the substance. Her eyes stayed closed; she didn’t move.
Eory felt nothing for her as he stood over her smoldering body; he felt nothing because she was him, and he was her, and he cared so little for himself.
He gazed at her with a cruel, unflinching expression and hoped she was dead—even though he knew that it was probably impossible to die on the dream plains. She had always been a snake, whispering poisonous words in his ears for as long as he could remember. He felt only relief at the possibility of getting rid of her.
Taylor coughed heavily, opening her eyes which were now lifeless and miserable. “Just admit you’re a coward. Admit that you won’t go for no other reason other than that you’re afraid to die…”
Eory looked down at her, his hands smoking with black power. He felt dizzy and could hardly believe how remorselessly he had attacked her.
He refused to acknowledge how much her words had rung true. Before he allowed himself to think about it too deeply, he pinched himself and gathered magic around his eyes.
He woke himself up, and then went back to an un-magical sleep. Knowing he wouldn't have to fight in two days made him able to sleep peacefully.
Chapter Fifty-Three: Like a Man
Eory woke up feeling well rested, but guilty. While he repeated his routine of the previous two days--bathing, eating, and then finally training with Maruka and the other recruits--he kept thinking of poor Taylor. He knew he shouldn’t have felt bad about getting rid of her--she would have only caused everyone, including him, pain--but it was her body he was living in. Moreover, he knew how much Them liked her, and Eory liked Them. The waif might be devastated if he found out Eory had killed her. 
 (finish this short, extra scene)While he trained, he tried to push his regrets to the side. Pollyanna was glad to see that he was Eory and not Taylor. She expressed that to him while they trained. “I’m glad to see it’s you who I’ll be training with today. I trained a little with Taylor the other day. She’s so whiny…”
At the mention of Taylor, Eory bristled. He cleared his throat. “I’ll be glad to be training with you, too, Pollyanna.”
“God, you should have heard her, Eory. Shrieking at me to quit hitting her wooden blade so hard. It was very difficult to handle. I hope you remember what she learned from me.” Pollyanna said with a smile.
Eory smiled half-heartedly. “I think I remember some of it.”
Pollyanna looked dismayed at his lack of enthusiasm. “Are you feeling okay? Is this because I didn’t protect you yesterday when the elf was choking you?”
Eory hastily shook his head. “No, it’s not that. I…” he looked at the warrior-maiden affectionately. “I’m proud of you for not hurting anyone.”
Pollyanna returned the smile. She said nothing, but Eory thought that she may have been proud of herself, too. “So… how was washing the dishes last night?”
Eory shrugged. “It was okay.”
Eory and Pollyanna had a good time training together. Eory had improved markedly at using a sword during combat, but was still clumsier and weaker than any other recruit. 
Sparring with Pollyanna was distracting, as well. He couldn’t help but be infatuated with her flawless form, her sculpted muscles, her panting, and how she had to keep touching him to make sure he was utilizing proper form. 
Them, for the most part, kept his distance from the both of them. He looked upset--Eory was worried that he had somehow found out that he had killed Taylor. The waif didn’t raise the subject, however.  At the end of the training day, Maruka announced, “You all will be taking the mid-afternoon shift tomorrow. I hope you’re ready.”
After sparring, Eory and Pollyanna ate together, bathed, and then went to bed. Eory thankfully drifted off into sleep eventually.
***
When he woke up the next morning, he felt the need to hide himself under his blankets—to hide from the judgement of the other recruits--despite the fact that they did not yet know that he wouldn’t be accompanying them to the battlefield.
Out in the corridor, he could hear the other recruits shuffling out into the hallway between yawns and ‘good mornings’. There was hushed, nervous whispering about their first day on the battlefield as well as other idle chatter beyond his door.
He couldn’t decide whether the pain and guilt of staying behind while the other recruits fought was greater, or the white fear he felt when he thought of joining them on the battlefield was greater.
His imagination took hold; he could hear steel-on-steel and envision arrows flying past his head. He saw himself dying in a dozen different, painful ways. He scared himself to such a degree that his pulse had quickened; he had trouble taking deep breaths.
I don’t want to die… He thought to himself as he huddled under his blankets. I’m such a coward. Taylor was right.
He wondered if Taylor still lingered within him or whether she was gone for good. He wondered if he could weather life’s cruelty without having her to hide behind.
He heard a knock on his door. “Eory? Are you coming to the baths?”
It was Pollyanna.
He was too embarrassed—too ashamed—to inform her that he wasn’t coming.
“Eory…?” Pollyanna’s voice was hushed and worried when he didn't reply.
She twisted the knob--swinging the door wide.
“Eory!” She called urgently.
The old woman swept his blankets aside—revealing a despondent young man underneath. She sighed, relieved that he was okay. “Thank Renthas… You’re alright.”
Eory hid his face in his sheets in shame.
Pollyanna placed a gentle hand on the back of his head. She was not good at consoling the weak, but that didn’t stop her from trying to console someone she was fond of. “What’s wrong…?”
Eory managed not to cry—he wanted to be done with tears. I must be brave like a man. He lifted himself to a sitting position—trying to be brave. “I… Won’t be joining you on the battlefield.”
Pollyanna was confused. “Eory, you have to. If you don’t, it gives them the right to execute you.”
Eory pulled his knees up to his chest. He wouldn’t look her in the eyes. “Maruka told me I didn’t have to gohe told me he would be spending extra time with me to ensure that I was trained enough to fight on the battlefield. I’m going to use my time with him to help us figure out a way to destroy the doppelgangers.”
Pollyanna was silent. She didn’t look at him with scorn or anger; she looked accepting, but worried. “I see.”
In a moment, she laughed. “I’m a little relieved, to be honest…”
Eory was shocked. “You are?”
Pollyanna reached out a worn hand and placed it on Eory’s cheek. “Of course. I don’t want you to get hurt. You’ll be safe inside.”
A relaxed smile came to Eory’s face. He leaned his smooth, white skin into her hand. “You don’t think I’m a coward?”
Pollyanna shook her head. “Of course not. It would be folly for you to step onto the battlefield right now; you haven’t been trained well enough. Besides, all I want to do is keep you safe.”
Eory cried tears of joy. “You’re so good and sweet to me… You’re the only one I can trust—the only one who understands.”
Pollyanna went numb with pleasure when he kissed her palm and then one of her fingers; her skin tingled with a delight that she hadn’t felt since she was fourteen-years-old. Her eyes were pained with longing.
Eory released her fingers when he realized how cruel it was to give her such affections when all they did was hurt her.
Pollyanna stood up and Eory stood up after her—wanting to see her to the baths. “Be careful with Maruka, Eory. There’s danger inside the fortress as well as outside.” Pollyanna murmured with her back faced to the young man.
Eory didn’t want to let her go. Not when his fingers were tingling with excitement and his imagination was running wild. He couldn’t help what he was about to do. “Pollyanna!” he called.
She turned around and met Eory’s gaze—her own eyes betraying her thoughts and lust for him.
Eory didn’t say a word.
He stood on his tip-toes, and hanging his arms around her neck with a lovesick smile. She wasted no time in shoving her lips against his with no regard for her own life nor any regards for his nervousness and fears. Indeed, he was so nervous that his arms felt mooshy and weak; he could do little else but hang off her neck as she kissed him intensely. When she realized he was shaking and felt her own heart being stabbed by thousands of needles from the potion, she released him.
He could feel himself wanting her so much that it hurt, but also found that he had no confidence to touch her where he wanted to—even if he could without hurting her. Eory looked up at her with a forlorn face. “Pollyanna…”
She cocked her head to the side. “What?”
He admitted to her with embarrassment and shame, “I have no idea how to be a man.”
Pollyanna’s own cheeks went red with embarrassment. Words were on the tip of her tongue, but they refused to come out of her wobbling, unsure mouth. In a moment, she became the irate, irritable woman that he was used to her being. “It’s that damned waif’s fault… she raised you like a woman.”
Eory had little to say in response. He wrapped his arms around Pollyanna for comfort. He unconditionally loved Kori, and resenting her in any way made him feel ungrateful and foul. “Can you teach me how to be a man? How to be strong like you?”
Pollyanna’s forehead wrinkled in offense—she was so angry for a moment that she barely withheld from hurting him. She managed to say calmly, “I can’t teach you how to be a man. Only a man can do that—and that waif robbed you of having a father, as did King Laurence.”
Despite her brief flare of anger at him, she found herself obsessively running her hands through his soft hair. Her lips brushed the top of his head. She was glad that there was only minor pain in her heart from it.
“My father…” Eory repeated.
He was an evil man—Kori told him that over and over—but his curiosity and his need to be a man prompted him to ask, “What was my father like? What made him a man?”
Eory’s father was like the rest of the Arrozan kings Pollyanna had known; he was ruthless, powerful, and protective of his family. He never questioned any of his own decisions, and his family always came first before anything else.
Secondly, she thought of her own father and how, despite having so little money, he used what he had to provide for Pollyanna and worked himself to death to make her as happy as possible. “A man is someone who protects and provides for his family, no matter what. That’s what your father did.”
“What if you don’t have a family? What is a man without a family?” Eory asked.
Pollyanna found that she didn’t know. She grasped for the words but found them elusive and insufficient. “A fighter; someone who won’t stop until he has more than other men have.”
Eory held her at arm’s length—looking down. “Is it a behavior that belongs to men that makes me want to own you? That makes me want make love to you, despite the consequences?”
Pollyanna’s voice was choked, and she had to acknowledge that it was, because she wanted to do the same thing to him. “I don’t know. Probably.”
“Is it a good thing?”
His words hung there like a thunderstorm. Pollyanna knew that it wasn’t a good thing, despite wanting him to love her regardless of how he did so. “No, I don’t think it is.”
Eory nodded solemnly. He changed the subject, “So, I should be a man and fight with you all? That’s what a good man would do, right?”
Pollyanna automatically shook her head—finding herself in an odd quandary where she wanted him to be a man if they were ever to go to bed, but wanted nothing more than to protect him and keep him safe while they were awake. “No. Stay here. A man can be sweet as well as strong.”
Pollyanna left hastily after she said it—wresting herself from Eory’s hands. Eory left soon after—seething in guilt the whole time.
__
Eory joined the other recruits in the baths and for breakfast, but snuck away when they went to the battlefield during the afternoon shift. Maruka had gone with them; he was no longer available in the morning or afternoon and wouldn’t be until he felt like the new recruits could hold their own without him guiding them.
Eory wondered what was happening on the battlefield as he walked through the empty halls inside the fortress—safe and sound while his companions might very well be dead. He could hear yelling and shouting outside that made forehead drip with sweat. His teeth sunk deeply into his arm—he was unable to contain his nervousness.
He never thought he could be in a mood where he was intensely bored and yet indescribably tense and worried. Them could die out there. Terran could, too, and Pete… And Maruka.
Eory found himself walking up a staircase in his boredom. Many Astral Elves raised their eyebrows and gave him judgmental looks as they went about keeping the fortress stocked and running—carrying food supplies from place-to-place, cleaning, and maintaining weapons.
Eory tried to ignore them, continuing to travel up the next flight of stairs. There were many floors within the giant fortress, and Eory’s legs were sore when he finally arrived at the top floor.
There was a bright, orange door, twice taller than Eory and two times wider with a glowing rune etched into it in the shape of a sun.
A buzzing sound began whirring at the edge of his hearing; it grew louder and louder as he approached the door. He put a hand on the door; a blood curdling roar resounded through the hallway.
Eory’s eyes widened—he sprinted back down the stairs in horror, wondering what could have been behind the door.
__
While Eory waited for Maruka to return and show him to the library, he decided to practice using a bow in the vacant training hall.
Since Taylor, who had begun to be somewhat knowledgeable with a bow, was gone, Eory found himself fumbling with the weapon and unable to hit the mannequin. He tried to recall what Them had taught Taylor about shooting but found that he couldn’t access those memories.
I have to get good. I have to protect the people I love. That’s what a proper man does.
Hours past. Eory headed to the dining hall when he was hungry and thirsty, and was glad that an Astral Elf had both food and drink ready for him—most likely at the request of Maruka. Afterward, he went back to the training hall and continued trying to hit the mannequin square in its face.
“H-here you are!” A familiar voice called.
Eory turned around. His face lit up at Maruka’s grinning face. He was glad someone other than Pollyanna still liked him. “Maruka! Is everyone okay? Nobody… died, right?”
Maruka shook his head. “Their shift is over, and they all survived. The other recruits are taking o-over for them.” Maruka looked Eory up and down. “That stance is a-all wrong, Eory. Don’t you remember what Them taught you?”
“Taylor was learning from him… she’s gone now.” Eory replied—surprised by how remorseful he felt about it.
Maruka approached him with a happy stride until he was just inches away from him. “Consistency i-is really important when you shoot,” Maruka explained. “You need to find your body’s preferred stance and use that stance e-each time.”
Maruka demonstrated all the different stances to take when shooting. Eory copied the stances. It took him cycling through them several times, but he eventually recognized the stance that felt the most comfortable to him, and it was the squared stance.
Next, Maruka showed him the correct grip he should have on the bow.
It required a lot of touching—or at least, Maruka made it seem like it did. With a firm, but gentle hand, he showed Eory the correct way to position his body and the correct way to grip his bow.
Eory was beet-red in the face while Maruka touched him. He couldn’t tell whether he found Maruka attractive or whether years of isolation had made him addicted to being touched.
Eory fired several arrows--missing each time--but something changed on his twelfth attempt--Maruka started cheering him on. Eory managed to hit the mannequin square in the head, and Maruka said, “g-great job! Now, h-how about we visit the library?”
Eory, still feeling flustered from all the touching, nodded hastily.
Eory followed Maruka to the fourth floor of the building and then through an open archway to a wide room whose walls were entirely covered by books as far as the eye could see.
Eory’s eyes lit up. He said breathlessly, “I would have loved to have this many in my tower…”
Maruka squeezed his shoulder. “You should feel free to come here anytime.”
Eory took a moment to walk in a circle around the wondrous room that undoubtedly held boundless knowledge about the world. Maruka said to Eory, “We have an entire section entailing what we know about the doppelganger’s over here.”
On the opposite side of the room, Maruka was surveying a series of books bound in red covers. Some of them were far thicker than others. Eory crossed the room to Maruka’s sid and searched for any titles on the spine of the books that might give him a clue as to how to dispel the doppelgangers.
To start, he began leafing through a book titled, The History of the Doppelgangers. While he found the book an interesting read and wanted to read it cover-to-cover, he had to move on when he decided that no new knowledge could be gained from it.
Maruka sat cross-legged, reading a thinner book titled, Wounding Doppelgangers. “S-so… T-taylor is truly gone? Your body is your own now?”
Eory didn’t register what the selkie had said for a moment as he pulled out a different book to glance through. When he finally realized what Maruka said, he murmured with some small regret, “Yes. She’s gone. I can no longer hear her whispering in my ears.”
“T-that’s good! I knew you could overcome her!” Maruka exclaimed. “I-I know you don’t like compliments, but… You should feel p-proud for conquering such an ugly part of yourself.”
The young man rubbed his temples; Maruka’s compliments led the fairy to remembering him overcorrecting his hips earlier. He was lost in his own imagination about it for a moment, but he managed to focus on the task at hand. He merely said, “Thank you for being so kind and believing in me.”
Eory pulled a curious book titled Moonpool out from its alcove. He flipped through it.
It’s blank… He thought to himself. He turned to Maruka. “Why is this one blank?”
The selkie rose to his feet and examined the book. “I don’t k-know…”
Eory didn’t know why, but he felt like the book had the key to destroying the doppelgangers. He turned to Maruka. “Is it okay if I take this book with me?”
“I suppose s-so… I don’t think the Astral Elves would mind.” Maruka shrugged.
Eory grinned, leaving the book on the floor so he would remember to take it with him.
The two leafed through as many books as they possibly could together, occasionally taking breaks to talk about things that were both silly and serious.
“Did you think I look like a rat?” Eory asked out of nowhere during one of their breaks. 
Maruka blinked rapidly, barely withholding a chuckle. “Where did that come from?”
“I dunno. Kori used to lovingly call me a little rat sometimes because of my ears and I happened to really love cheese when I tried it.”
Maruka laughed. “I mean, I guess your ears are pretty big like a rat’s, but that just m-makes you cuter.”
Eory chuckled in response.
Eventually, Eory glanced through the twentieth book he had looked through since they arrived at the library, and his eyes began to feel heavy.
“Eory, I found something i-interesting in this book!” Maruka said excitedly. “Eory?”
He scooted over to the fairy who had a book in his lap. He tapped his friend’s narrow shoulder. Eory was gently snoring.
He fell over backwards—his head landing in the selkie’s lap.
Maruka silently adored his sleeping face. He smiled. “G-goodnight, Eory.”
Chapter Fifty-Four: Chipped Armor
Earlier that day, while Eory explored the tower, Pollyanna found her mind wandering as she followed Maruka out onto the lifeless, red-tinged battlefield where they were to have their first fight against the doppelgangers.
She and the other recruits were relieving the previous cohort of soldiers on the battlefield who funneled inside the tower even as Maruka and his troops funneled out.
Pollyanna recognized some of the recruits that were joining her down on the battlefield; there was the elf, Terran, along with his dwarven lover, Eliita, and dozens of others who she didn’t recognize. Pollyanna couldn’t see him, but far above her on the battlements, Them was ready with his bow to help slay the doppelgangers.
In front of them, thirty Doppelgangers stood perfectly still yards away from the entrance of the fortress where the recruits emerged. All the other soldiers—but for Pollyanna--were concentrated and vigilant—they were attentive to Maruka’s guidance and any commands he might give.
There was silence but for a gentle wind.
Pollyanna, who was the best and most experienced soldier on the field, didn’t feel the need to follow Maruka’s guidance or watch for his cues. Because she wasn’t concentrated on his cues or the battle, her mind drifted elsewhere.
She felt unspeakably and ashamedly nervous.
But the battle—nor the doppelgangers who stood eerily still--were not the cause of her frayed nerves. Her encounter with Eory was.
Maruka was telling his recruits to slowly inch toward the doppelgangers—he told them not to stray very far from the fortress and to stay in range of the bowmen up on the battlements—but Pollyanna wasn’t listening.
Her heart was thudding so loudly in her ears that it was blocking out everything else.
She felt woozy and sick to her stomach; not because of the sickening red lighting or the oncoming battle, but because there were butterflies in her churning stomach and a hammer trying to break the cold stone encasing her heart.
She was flustered. She was frustrated. She was furious.
Eory had looked her straight in the eye and asked her how to be a man. It enraged her. It propelled her forward. Her feet pushed her toward the doppelgangers; a savage war cry escaped her mouth.
The other recruits asked Maruka, “Should we join her?”
Maruka shook his head. “No. Let her be overwhelmed.”
Watery arrows zipped through the air and into the fiery hearts of the doppelgangers. Pollyanna threw herself into battle against them with a wide swing—cutting through three of them at once.
She turned to the others and fought like an untamed beast.
She elbowed one who was approaching her from the side; she ducked under a sword swing from another and swept the legs out from under another with her heel.
A doppelganger snuck up behind her—intending to jab its blade into her back. Before it could, Pollyanna grabbed the neck of a doppelganger in front of her and spun around—using its body as a shield. She tossed the doppelganger’s body aside once she had made use of it. It disappeared in a puff of smoke when it hit the ground.
Arrows continued to fly down from the battlements—assisting Pollyanna in slaying ten more of the creatures—only to have more doppelgangers crop up in their place.
Pollyanna fought twice as hard and let out a battle shriek that curdled the blood of the people who watched her. Pollyanna had glassy eyes as she thrusted her sword through the heart of a doppelganger. I am a woman! Why don’t you see me as such?
Her concentration was breaking; her mental armor was cracking. 
A shadowy lance was plunged into her stomach.
Pollyanna growled with pain.
She dragged the lance deeper into her own flesh--hauling the doppelganger closer to her with her a snarl. When the creature was close enough, she sliced it in half.
She saw the faces of the people she hated in the doppelgangers. She saw Klein’s, she saw her mother’s, she saw King Laurence’s, and she saw the waif’s—Kori’s—face. She let her fury toward them fuel her strikes.
The old woman was losing control; her grip on her blade was becoming wobbly as she fended off dozens of doppelgangers who had her surrounded.
“Sir! Shouldn’t we intervene?” The elf, Terran, asked Maruka.
Maruka held an open-palmed hand up—signaling his recruits to wait.
Pollyanna cried with pain—not at the lance sticking out of her stomach, but at the pain in her heart. She admitted to herself in a bitter thought, I forgot I was a woman, too. I forgot for so long.
Her vulnerabilities incapacitated her—she was overwhelmed by a dozen doppelgangers stabbing her, dogpiling her at once.
Finally, Maruka gave the order to assist the old woman.
While the shadowy creatures were preoccupied with the Arrozan Sword, it made it easier for Maruka and his recruits to enter the fray and slay them without repercussions.
Pollyanna, who had been stabbed twelve times by then, was lying in a pool of her own blood. The recruits looked down at the woman in wonderment—realizing the truth of her invulnerability as they came to her aid.
The dwarf, Eliita, held out a hand to the old woman once the doppelgangers assailing her had been done away with. Pollyanna took it.
The old woman yanked swords and spears out of her body and tossed them aside when she was back on her feet.
She was ready to throw herself back into the fray, but Eliita held her still with a firm hand. “Hold on, let me staunch your wounds…”
The stocky, five-foot-tall dwarf ripped the sleeves of her tunic off. She reached out, intending to wrap the fabric around Pollyanna’s wounds, but the old woman pushed her away. “I am a sword! I do not bleed!”
She threw herself back into the fray with the other recruits. She slew three doppelgangers for every one that the other recruits slew.
Eliita’s kindness and caring… Her relationship with the elf, Terran, only served as a reminder of the things she couldn’t have and couldn’t be.
Sweat poured down her forehead.
She found that her mind was split between the battlefield and the bedroom.
Pollyanna made a vertical cut through a doppelganger.
She felt a soft hand run up her inner thigh.
Pollyanna shoved her elbow into a doppelganger who had dragged a knife down her back.
A caring hand took its time with undoing the laces on the back of her dress while gently lowering her torso onto the bed.
Her hands dripped with sweat; her blade slipped from her hands.
She heard the waif, Them, shout at the top of his lungs from atop the battlements, “Pollyanna! Look out!”
An arrow whizzed down from the battlements and stopped another doppelganger from stabbing her.
Pollyanna sunk to her knees with wide, frightened eyes.
She looked up and did not see the face of a doppelganger.
She saw the faces of Fjorn and Klein.
Pollyanna was overwhelmed by the fact that she was a woman, and was completely at their mercy due to her own kind, foolish, and naïve heart.
A sword protruded from the shadow’s chest.
It disappeared in a puff of smoke—Terran standing where it used to be. “What’s wrong with you? You’re supposed to be a terror! You’re bleeding from a dozen different wounds!”
Pollyanna smacked his hand away and joined him in the fray once again.
The battle didn’t get any easier for her, however.
Her mind was elsewhere.
***
When their shift was over, Pollyanna found herself sitting in the infirmary with the dwarf, Eliita, dressing her many wounds. Pollyanna’s long legs touched the ground even from atop the stretcher.
All around her were dozens of other wounded recruits on stretchers suffering from wounds both great and slight.
The smell of blood was overwhelming and nauseating.
“Are you sure you’re the Arrozan Sword?” The dwarf asked over the sounds of other recruits groaning in pain. “You seemed so unsure out there.”
Pollyanna shot a momentary glare at the dwarf.
I got what I wanted. She repeated her mantra to herself. I am known and feared throughout the land. I am the only one worth pleasing. I got what I wanted.
“Well, I guess we all have bad days, huh?” Eliita said cheerfully as she sewed a wound closed with a needle.
Pollyanna found herself extremely jealous of the dwarf’s sweet, round face, her shiny hair, and her shapely body. In comparison, she felt like an ogre.
She let the dwarf dress her wounds in silence for a time, all the while, she tried to prevent herself from asking a question that ran through her mind relentlessly and was on the tip of her tongue.
“D-do…” Pollyanna found words were fumbling out of her mouth without permission.
Eliita looked up. “Yes…?”
“Do you sleep…? W-with Terran?” Pollyanna whispered shyly.
Eliita looked both ways; her cheeks were flushed with embarrassment. “Of course I do. Why do you ask?”
Pollyanna closed her eyes and wished she could cry as she said, “Does it… Feel as nice as I remember? I haven’t been able to… To…”
Eliita looked upon the old woman with pity and compassion. She nodded. “It does. You know… You’re very beautiful for your age. There’s no reason you can’t find someone to…”
“Don’t lie to me, dwarf. I know I’m hideous. I have the body of a man and the hair of a wild beast.” Pollyanna replied testily. “Let me live through you vicariously. Tell me of your first time with Terran.”
Tell me it was better than mine.
Eliita indulged the old woman. “Well, forbidden love is always exciting, isn’t it? The elven queen loves to be on good terms with we dwarves. I was sent as an emissary to meet her, follow through on any trade agreements, and then leave, but I saw the cutest red-headed elf—one of the queen’s guards—and we locked eyes. I knew I had to meet him as soon as possible. Luckily, he saved me some effort. He slipped a love letter under my door and he told me to meet him in the gardens. I don’t know; I guess it’s even more exciting when there’s a chance you might get caught. We talked for a time, I decided I liked him very much, and before I knew it, I was naked!”
Pollyanna found herself smiling and at the same time found that she was insanely jealous.
That’s so sweet. Why couldn’t I have been so lucky?
“Do you love someone, Pollyanna?” Eliita asked.
Pollyanna was silent. She found she couldn’t speak a lie, so she conveyed her lie by shaking her head.
And as she sat in silence, her mind led her to thinking miserable thoughts.
She had scarred flesh instead of soft flesh, she had muscles instead of fat, she had armor instead of dresses, she had invulnerability instead of a womb. There was not a piece of her left that resembled a woman.
She had to concede that she no more knew how to be a woman than Eory did a man.
She dared to let herself think, if I hadn’t drunk the potion, perhaps we could have figured it out together. But then… we wouldn’t have even met.
***
Pollyanna went looking for Eory around dinner time. She asked the Astral Elves where he had gone and was told that he was at the library on the fourth floor. She was about to walk through the archway when Maruka emerged from it holding a sleeping Eory in his arms.
Her heart sank. Pollyanna’s chin wobbled; her eyes turned glassy.
The waif, Them, appeared at the old woman’s side, watching Maruka carry Eory off with a frown, but no tears.
Pollyanna glanced down at the tiny waif and his wisp friend, Pete. “Why are you here?”
“For Taylor…” Them replied. The waif looked up at the woman whose wounds had almost already closed; the gauze her wounds had been wrapped in were soaked red, but the old woman looked fine. “And I was worried about you, too. You got really hurt out there.”
Pollyanna rolled her eyes. “Do not pretend that you care for me, waif. I have been nothing but cruel and hateful toward you.”
Them sighed. “Pollyanna, I’m going to be here for the rest of my life. All I want are friends, companionship, and purpose. Besides, I don’t like seeing any woman, even you, cut up to a pulp. You should be more careful.”
Pollyanna leaned against the iron wall with her arms crossed.
She and the waif had nothing to say to each other for a moment.
“Remember when I told you to treat Eory like a man so he would resurface?” Pollyanna asked. “I was manipulating you. It was true I wanted Eory to resurface, but I also wanted Taylor to disappear forever.”
Them’s eyes widened in shock. “That can happen?”
Pollyanna nodded. “It can.”
Pete placed a tiny hand on his friend’s shoulder comfortingly as the waif struggled to comprehend Pollyanna’s deceitfulness.
He recovered in a moment, smoothing his white hair back and rubbing his sore shoulders. “I’m not here to flirt—yours and Taylor’s business are your own—but don’t you think it’s evil to try and make someone disappear? Don’t you think it’s wrong to manipulate others?”
Pollyanna felt no twinge of remorse at all, judging by her vacant expression.
But then she thought of the judgement Eory would feel toward her, and her armor chipped away. A frown pulled her lips downward. She felt guilty.
“What is it you find so enticing about Taylor, anyway?” Pollyanna changed the subject—trying not to dwell.
Them smiled wistfully. “Come to dinner with me, and I’ll tell you.”
Pollyanna had nothing better to do, so she followed the waif.
I trust you to do the right thing. Eory’s voice said lovingly in her head, trying to placate another thought:
If I can’t have you, no one else can.
Chapter Fifty-Five: Twisted
Francis, with his hands bound, was being dragged along by one of the elf-humans who was holding the end of his rope. Annoyance spread across the elf’s face in the form of a tired frown and half-lidded eyes.
Marching ahead of him, Kori had been afforded the same dignity he had of walking. She had used her skills of negotiation (or skills of incessantly whining as Francis saw it) to convince the leader of the elf-humans, Hew, to let her walk with her hands bound instead of being carried over one of his people’s shoulders.
He couldn’t help but admire the tiny waif’s gumption and her devotion to good manners and proper etiquette.
She seems like a smart and kind lady; if only she wasn’t held back by an incompetent and cruel king. Francis thought to himself.
He felt sorry for her, but sorrier for himself. He had come to Maribel on a peaceful mission to collect the king’s monthly debt and somehow ended up in chains instead.
He had had a long ride from Alanheim to Maribel, only to be captured by the king, set free by Kori and escorted back to Alanheim, only to be stopped by the elf-humans and dragged back to Maribel.
What am I to these swine? A rucksack to be hauled about? Francis thought to himself as he was dragged through sopping wet grass and a sticky cloud of mist.
Worse than the slimy, wet conditions of the environment was the sheer boredom of having nothing to do but walk in silence. He was a chatty man, and the elf-humans were a dour and quiet people.
By Nature, it’s like being locked in a room with Terran all day. Francis mused with his lips pursed. They don’t even make much conversation among themselves!
The day dragged on.
His legs and feet began to hurt as the sun rose higher and higher in the sky. His lips were chapped; his stomach growled at him. He was dizzily hungry.
“Let’s take a break,” Hew announced mercifully when Francis thought he could take no more.
Hew and the thirty soldiers he had brought with him came to a stop.
Francis, whose throat was sore from lack of water and whose nose was running relentlessly, thanked the stars for giving him a moment of rest.
The elf-human who was dragging Kori along approached Francis and his captor. The four of them sat down in the wet grass together; the elf-humans untied their captives’ hands and passed flasks of water to them. The other twenty-eight elf-humans sat in a circle around Kori and Francis—watchful of their prisoners—and passed food and drink to one another.
Francis ravenously gulped the water down. Kori, who was sitting across from him, drank her own water with poise and dignity.
After he had his fill of water, Francis looked at the grim and haggard faces of the elf-humans with a roll of his eyes. “Such a sad, sorry bunch, wouldn’t you say, Kori?”
Kori begged him with her eyes not to insult their captors. Francis chuckled at her tense expression.
Kori glanced at the stoic faces of the elf-humans, and then at Francis. She whispered, “I can’t believe you told them I was having an affair with Laurence.”
“I speak only truths, milady. I cannot lie.” Francis replied with a wink.
Francis expected the waif to bite back with an insult, but for whatever reason, she decided to continue being kind to him like she had the night before. She merely made a face and then said, “Well… I suppose this is a difficult situation for both of us.”
Francis looked at the guard looming over Kori’s shoulder with pursed lips—wishing he could speak with the waif in private. He took a sip of water without taking his eyes from the guard. “So… you saw the Antler, too, right?”
Kori nodded uneasily. “But we must have been hallucinating, right? Antlers aren’t real; they’re just fairytales.”
Francis grinned. “I don’t know. Antlers are said to appear to those who live lives fraught with misery and yet will have a hand in changing the world. I have a feeling we both fit the misery part of that description.”
Kori’s pointed ears drooped and twitched in annoyance. “What makes you think I’m miserable?”
“I think any woman who chooses to spend her free time loving a king who won’t love her back and trying to make criminals functional members of society must be a miserable person, indeed.” Francis said.
Kori and Francis were both quiet for a moment as they looked at each other’s captors.
Their faces were eerily blank; their eyes didn’t look like they were focused on anything. Francis and Kori were uncomfortable having a conversation as if their captors weren’t there, and they wondered what things were, and were not safe to talk about in their presence.
Kori cleared her throat awkwardly. “And what of you, Francis? Why are you miserable? Does it have to do with your queen?”
“The queen’s pleasure is my own. No, my misery comes from something else entirely.” Francis admitted freely.
“Oh? Where?” Kori inquired somewhat sarcastically.
“From the rejection of my family.” Francis explained broadly. “But let’s get back to you, Kori. Your miseries, I’m sure, run even deeper than just your misfortunes with the king and your prisoners. Waifs live rather sheltered lives, don’t they? Once they mate, they mate for life, right? You must have experienced the company of so few men. How very sad.”
Kori sighed. “I will not speak of my old life in Trella. Speak of something else.”
“Very well. Shall we acknowledge the fact that when an Antler appears to someone, it can often mean that they have found their soulmate?” Francis smirked.
Kori was not amused. “You just love trying to get a rise out of me, don’t you? As much as you would like to be, I highly doubt that you are my soulmate.” Kori returned with a wink of her own. Francis chuckled, surprised that the waif had the ability to be playful.
The waif changed the subject. “Mother told me the most chilling stories about Antlers when I was young… She told me that they lurk in the darkest recesses of our minds and are just waiting to claw their way out when our defenses have been weakened. Once they have clawed their way out, they stalk you around dark corners for the rest of your life.”
Francis, who had been enticed by her wink, decided to continue needling her. “I’m sure you’ve also heard the tale about the lovers, then, who were stalked by the Antlers?”
Kori rubbed her temples. “You find our captors to be filthy savages because they’re part human and part elf, and yet you like to flirt with me? We are not the same species either. There’s a big taboo about that.”
“That’s different! A baby couldn’t come of our union, and it would only be for one night! Besides, you, at least, have refined, pointed ears, unlike humans.” Francis exclaimed.
Kori looked away from him, then, and gazed off into the distance sadly. “I could have married Laurence if it weren’t for people like you…”
Francis sneezed. He asked, “Why?”
“Laurence said that he couldn’t marry me because no one would want another foreign queen on the throne—that they would be disgusted by our marriage… like you are of the elf-humans.” Kori lamented.
Francis thought about being his usual, haughty self and saying, perhaps he only told you that because he wanted to keep you as a mistress on the side.
But he refrained and let her alone. The awkward silence was filled with Francis’ rapid sneezes. His head felt misty and out-of-sorts. He felt like he was burning up.
Hew came to sit by Kori with a flavorless biscuit in hand. He saw Kori eying it with ravenous hunger. The elf-human smiled and handed it to her.
“So, little waif.” Hew said as the waif took a bite. “If you had an affair with your king, then it must mean you are more understanding of our plight than most. You don’t see a problem with mating with other races, correct?”
Kori hung her head. Shame crept up onto her cheeks in the form of red blush. “I think the taboo exists for a reason. I think if your head is telling you that sleeping with someone is wrong, then you probably shouldn’t do it.”
Francis paused in eating his own biscuit. At Kori’s words, he felt a guilt that he thought he had stopped feeling long ago. His hands fell lank at his sides. Suddenly, he felt like he didn’t deserve to eat.
“And yet you slept with King Laurence.” Hew reminded her.
Kori, realizing that denying she had slept with Laurence was a fruitless endeavor, shrugged her shoulders in surrender. “Sometimes, your body overwhelms your logic. I think that children should be freed from the mistakes of their parents, however. I don’t think you poor creatures should be shunned from us and have to live so far from society.”
Kori had Eory in mind when she said it. Her heart ached.
Francis crossed his arms. Foolish woman. Such deformed creatures are not worthy of life.
“I’m glad you think so.” Hew replied. He looked apologetic “You seem like a kind woman. I wish it were someone else that we were leveraging.”
Kori sipped her water daintily. She placed the flask next to her and said, “I met many human women and men who had been thrown in the dungeon--who engaged in taboo the same way I had with Laurence. They were sick in the head and wounded at heart--not because of their bedroom behaviors, but because they had killed and abused. I did as much as I could for them—many of them the king even felt fit to release back into society—but even those who did get released turned up dead anyway. They weren't welcomed by family and friends any longer when they found out about their attractions. I feel like I failed them. I always thought to myself, “Why should they be punished so severely for an affliction they can’t help’? An affliction which I, and even the king, shared?”
Kori could feel the guilt and revulsion from indulging in her perverse behavior even now when she was miles away from the king.
Hew wrapped a strong arm around her shoulder. “You are wise, Kori. I wish that my parents hadn’t so foolishly brought me into the world, but I also find myself… Unable to blame them in many ways. You love who you love, right?”
Kori’s nodded solemnly.
***
They walked until it was night, and then the elf-humans made camp.
Hew untied his captives’ hands and let them eat their dinner in comfort.
While looking up at the sky, Francis ate sparingly. His stomach was killing him. He ate three berries, but couldn’t stomach the generous slab of smoked meat offered to him. He felt too sick, and his thoughts and memories were bothering him. You’re a mistake! You shouldn’t be here! Terran’s voice was loud and accusing in his mind.
Through the fire that separated them, Francis saw Kori retrieve a paper from the pocket of her tattered and dirty dress. The elf-humans all looked her way when she retrieved the paper—thinking it might be a weapon—but settled down when they saw what it was.
Kori looked at the drawing with a wobbly chin and glassy eyes. She smiled a bittersweet smile, clutching the paper to her chest. Francis wondered how a paper could possibly elicit such feelings. “What’s that?”
Kori sniffled. “Something from Eory.”
With shaking hands, she turned the parchment toward Francis.
It was a stark, very flattering picture of Kori drawn with charcoal.
Is this how the Arrozan sees her? She must be quite the lady… Francis thought to himself. “I must wonder how a woman with such a kind heart can love something that is so inherently deformed.”
With angry tears in her eyes, Kori cried, “He is not deformed! He only acted in self-defense at the ball! He was gooder and kinder than either of us! He went out of his way to prove that he was good! It was only when his life was threatened that he defended himself! He’s a good man! He can’t help the blood he was born with! But nobody would give him a chance…”
“The deformed don’t deserve a second chance! All they do is make things worse for everyone they know and love!” The words poured out of Francis’ mouth.
“We’re all deformed! All of us! Our skin looks fine, but we are all irrefutably sick and twisted on the inside—as sick as Eory or sicker! Antlers exists within all of us… Chittering like creatures who lurk in the underworld! Whether that sickness surfaces is another matter entirely! All I know is that everyone deserves a chance to show that they aren’t deformed!” Kori rose her voice, and every elf-human in the camp focused their attention on her.
Francis was stunned at her outburst. He had no retort.
You’re a mistake! You shouldn’t be here! Terran’s voice took hold.
“What about me? Do I deserve a chance?” Francis asked—automatically expecting her to say no.
Kori nodded. “I don’t know what you’ve done, but of course you do… You’re a good man, I can tell.”
Francis half-smiled at that, and almost believing her.
Chapter Fifty-Six: Complex Thoughts
Maruka carried the sleeping Eory through the now-boisterous hallways of the fortress with a whistle on his lips.
The Selkie wondered how Eory could tire himself out so efficiently when he had done so little in comparison with the other recruits, but he supposed that even minor tasks could tire out someone who had been locked in a tower their whole life.
The recruits gave Eory evil looks as Maruka passed them by—they were assuming that the selkie had given Eory special treatment due to sexual favors—and Maruka was glad of it.
If I want him to open up, I should make it so that I am the only one he can rely upon. Maruka thought to himself. Them and Pollyanna already seem to be abandoning him.
Maruka felt guilty about his actions, but at the same time, he coveted the idea of having someone who could only rely upon and love him and no one else. Maruka was glad he had built up much stamina over the years thanks to his own training and hard work, otherwise fighting all day and then having to carry a sleeping fairy through the vast halls and many stairs of the iron fortress would be exhausting.
Eventually, Maruka arrived the conscriptant quarters. Since his hands were full, he asked an elf to open the door to Eory’s quarters for him.
The recruit assented, giving both Maruka and the fairy he held the stink eye as he did so. Maruka ignored the look and entered the room. He shuffled toward the bed with Eory’s arms still wrapped around his neck.
The fairy began to mumble. “Pollyanna…”
Maruka paused when he was about to lay Eory down on the bed.
Maruka was intrigued by the fairy’s unconscious ramblings, even jealous of them. Hard to believe he still wants her over me.”
The fairy’s lips were parted in an irresistible way; his face was close enough for Maruka to admire every inch of it. The selkie simply contemplated the fairy’s lips for a moment—under a spell that he could not shake off.
Eory whimpered in his sleep. “I miss Kori…”
Maruka unfroze.
Hastily, he laid Eory down on the bed, but the fairy refused to unwrap his arms from around Eory’s nec. Eory’s soft breathing brushed the selkie’s face; Maruka admired the spiral tip of the fairy’s nose and the sweet dimples at the corners of his mouth.
Maruka brought his lips closer and closer to the fairy’s mouth.
Maruka stayed tensed where he was. His hands, which were previously wrapped around Eory, now burrowed deeply and rigidly into the bed. Maruka’s lips parted and closed as he fought his baser instincts.
A gasp escaping from his lips brought him back to reality; he unwrapped Eory’s arms from his neck and dashed out the door. He clicked the door shut behind him—his palms leaving a coat of sweat on the knob—running away.
***
He found himself alone in the bathing room and seeking the comfort of water. He poured simmering hot water into the tub that he had previously heated, hanging his wrists over it. He submerged his hands into the water, flattening them.
Maruka submerged himself into the hot water, placing is ankles on the edge of the copper tub—creating a pleasant combination of a hot body and cool feet.
The selkie sighed, allowing himself to relax for a moment, but only a moment before noisy thoughts crept in on his peace and quiet.
What was I thinking? How could I even think of doing to him what Lollia did to me?
The selkie closed his eyes in shame. Forgive me, Eory.
To try and forgive himself for having such an atrocious thought, he repeated his regret aloud three times.
“Forg-give me, Eory.”
“Forgive m-me, Eory.”
“Forgive me, E-Eory.”
He whispered to himself as he rubbed water into his pale arm.
Hurting Eory would be unavoidable with the manipulative intentions Maruka had toward him, but he by no means wanted to do damage to the fairy that he didn’t have to do.
I have no interest in his soul… He’s a beautiful creature, and nothing else to me. Maruka thought to himself ashamedly. 
Maruka held his breath and sank into the water—plastering his back to the bottom of the tub. His black hair billowed around his face; his hearing was muffled by the water, hugging him on all sides.
He did not close his eyes. He looked up through the water unblinkingly.
A smile pulled his lips upward. He blinked and saw the iron ceiling. He blinked again and saw a blue sky blanketed with wispy white clouds. He was gazing up at them from a rippling pool of water.
He had no cares in the world. He had no deep thoughts to think nor any important tasks to accomplish; he was free. He held a hand in front of his face and saw that it was not the familiar, pale, five-fingered hand he was used to having.
No. It was a smooth, slippery, gray flipper.
Around him, his seal friends traveled together in a giant, shrinking and expanding white wave. He let instinct take him and rule him; he joined his seal friends in a beautiful dance of camaraderie as they chased down a school of fish.
The group of seals gained on the fishes quickly, wearing the smaller sea creatures out and eventually snapping them up in their jaws.
One fish managed to sneak away, however.
It was this fish that Maruka chased and chased until he was far beyond the sight of his seal friends who barked at him to come back. The fish led him closer and closer to the surface of the water and closer and closer to a nearby pier.
Maruka saw the silhouette of a humanoid woman made of wood standing at the edge of the pier; Maruka careened to a stop just inches before the pier and locked eyes with the woman—forgetting about the fish he was chasing.
The woman’s wooden mouth was tensed; her eyes were narrowed and judgmental.
The seal, who was frozen in place in fascination, watched as the dryad stretched her wooden arms out; they became long, so long that they were able to splash into the water and reach toward the mesmerized seal.
Maruka snapped out of his frozen intrigue as the wooden hands approached him, but it was too late. The strong arms wrapped around his round belly before he could escape.
The dryad dragged him to the surface and up onto the pier where she tackled him—keeping her stiff, immovable arms wrapped securely around his body. “Easy now, darling. You can’t hide from me!”
The seal barked and flopped around on the pier—trying to make his way back to the water--to no avail. The dryad’s grip on him was far too firm.
“Let me see! Let me see!” The dryad’s five-fingered hand transformed into a sharp pike which she dragged down the seal’s skin from head-to-fin. The seal squealed in fear; a change happened in him, then, that he could barely comprehend even as it happened. He had no simple fears anymore; he did not worry about what he was going to eat, or how he was going to get something to eat; nor did he worry about sleeping or drinking or even mating. Instead, other questions overwhelmed him as the dryad’s pike formed back into fingers which she used to peel back his rubbery skin. Underneath the skin, a young man was revealed; he was shivering, panting and fearful.
Yes, a far more complex question plagued his mind than those of eating, drinking and mating. “Who am I?” He asked aloud in a language he did not comprehend. “Who am I?”
“Why, you’re my soulmate, my darling!” The dryad exclaimed, trying to wrap her arms around him. He would have none of it. He shot to his feet--nearly falling down because he did not understand how to use them just yet--and backed away from her.
The dryad was not amused. “Where do you think you’re going?”
He didn’t answer. He turned on his heel and ran. The dryad giggled, letting him go.
Maruka panted; his heart pounded. He sprinted across the wooden pier and made a sharp left turn in- between two, tall rockfaces on the shore. He emerged from the narrow pathway and was greeted to a lively town populated by elves.
He stood there before the town--not knowing who he was, what he was supposed to do, or where he was supposed to go—and thought that maybe, just maybe, someone in town could help him figure it out.
He entered the town and asked several elves for help. Most of them steered away from him; others laughed at the naked man with the black eyes and the whiskered face.
When he spoke, he expected his voice to come out like a seal’s bark—but he could tell, in his throat, that something was wrong, and his voice came out as jumbled sounds that meant nothing to him.
Eventually, an elf dressed in an elaborate, red robe tied Maruka’s wrists together with a rope and dragged him away.
Suddenly, he was freezing.
No, no! Let me go! Not this, anything but this!
He blinked.
He was under the warm, bathtub water.
He realized he couldn’t breathe.
Maruka surfaced and inhaled a deep breath.
Eventually, when his breaths evened out, he sunk back into the tub, hugging his stomach for comfort.
His eyes closed. Maruka felt lips brushing his shoulder. He flinched forward with a splash, horrified. He looked around, and was glad to see that it was only his imagination.
How could I even consider kissing you when your eyes aren’t even open? Maruka silently loathed himself for a moment. Forgive me, Eory.
“S-stay focused…” Maruka murmured to himself. He had more important matters to attend to. He thought of his Pollyanna predicament. What is the secret to your immortality?
Something dawned on him. Earlier, while he was putting Eory to bed, the fairy had mumbled that he wanted Pollyanna, no matter the consequences. Perhaps I should try to befriend Pollyanna…
Maruka thought back to earlier in the day, during Pollyanna’s first shift. Her mind had clearly been elsewhere.
She may be invincible, but her wounds seem to hurt her, nonetheless… To think, a woman of her skill and experience could let herself be cut to a pulp… Thinking about how much she was bleeding when their shift was over made Maruka’s skin crawl. She had to have been distracted. There’s no other way she would have let that happen to herself. Eory wants her, and she was distracted…
Maruka pondered this curiously. He stood up—water noisily dripping off his body—and stepped out of the tub.
I wonder, he thought to himself. If I can tempt her. He shivered even as he thought it.
__
He stopped Pollyanna while she was heading to bed later that night.
“A-are you w-well, Pollyanna?” Maruka asked her. “Y-you looked pretty beaten up, earlier.”
Pollyanna looked offended that he would even dare to ask her that. “Yes, I’m fine, no thanks to you. Thank you for holding the other recruits back while I was getting cut to a pulp.” She said sarcastically.
“I’m sorry. I-I was trying t-to t-t-t-teach…” Maruka was stuck on that word to the point that Pollyanna looked openly annoyed about it.
She reminded him so much of Lollia that he could not help his stutters. “Teach you a lesson.” Maruka finally managed to say.
He grabbed her arm. “L-let m-me m-m-m-make it up to y—”
Pollyanna flinched away him defensively. In return, Maruka took a step back from her in fear.
“Don’t you ever fucking touch me.” She said plainly. “You stay away from me.”
She marched away from him, opened the door to her room, slamming it shut behind her.
Maruka sank to the floor with his heart pounding out of his chest. No. I couldn’t tempt her even if I wanted to. Eory is my best bet.
Chapter Fifty-Seven: Insanity
Eory yawned and smacked his lips later, wondering what time it was; his body told him that it was still hours before the sun would rise, but he couldn’t be sure. He rubbed his cheek. “What happened…?” He wondered.
Eory couldn’t remember why he had gone to bed while fully clothed, or what he had done beforehand for a moment. After a moment, he remembered something important with a gasp. “There was a book! A blank book!”
His muscles were still asleep and his eyelids were heavy as he clambered toward the edge of the bed. He lost his balance and slid off the mattress—thudding onto the floor with a yelp.
Eory groaned, rubbing his temples. To think, while Pollyanna and the others are getting hurt on the battlefield, I’m getting hurt by rolling off the bed… I suppose they must be back from their vacation, though.
While he waited for his muscles to wake up before trying to move again, he remembered what had happened earlier. Maruka was teaching him how to shoot, and afterward, they searched the library together for any clues as to how to get rid of the doppelgangers.
His cheeks were flushed when he realized Maruka must have carried him to bed. They were even redder when he remembered all of the touching Maruka did while teaching him how to shoot and  redder still when he remembered all of the touching the Pollyanna had did earlier that same morning.
He hugged his knees, feeling guilty, but also exhilarated, that two different people should want him.
He knew why Pollyanna would want him. She is old and I am so young—it makes sense that she can’t help but find me attractive… But it’s not just that. She seems to like something… Something else about me. He felt indescribably warm just thinking about that untouchable and unseeable thing within him that she seemed to like. But he couldn’t possibly fathom what someone like Maruka would want from him. Maruka was a very handsome man of many talents who was incredibly kind and helpful. Eory gnawed his arm, enjoying the stimulation from it. 
When his body woke up more, he unsteadily climbed to his feet from where he had fallen. His eyes gradually grew accustomed to the lightless room, and he saw that Maruka had left the books concerning the doppelgangers in the corner of the room.
The fairy’s face lit up. Taking care not to trip in the dark, he inched his way over to the small stack of books and picked up Moonpool. Maruka must have brought them.
Staying on task, Eory left his dark quarters—intending to find somewhere well-lit where he could read the books. Because it was so late at night, none of the torchlights were lit out in the hall.
Eory froze in apprehension out in the silent, pitch-black hall.
If I can’t face a dark room how will I ever face the doppelgangers on the battlefield? He stood up straight and puffed out his chest—marching down the hall despite his fear.
Tiredness still plagued his eyes; his head still felt heavy with sleep.
Thunder rang in the distance.
Eory exhaled a gasp, automatically clapping his hands to his ears.
He saw a horned creature disappear around the corner of the hallway with a chittering giggle.
The fairy watched with his heart thudding.
He fought his desire to run back to his room, slam his door behind him, and hide under his covers.
He forced his feet to move him forward toward the bend in the hall that the chittering creature had disappeared behind. Sweat coated his hands.
He rounded the corner, throwing a glance down the bleak path ahead.
Thunder rang; it seemed to light up the hallway with a blinding pulse light. Or was it his imagination?
Eory heard a door open and close ahead of him followed by an echoing chittering that got louder with every reverberation. Eory suddenly felt very sick—like he had become bloodless—like a pile of flesh without a soul.
He looked at the bracelet Maruka had clamped on his wrist with double-vision. He clawed at it—trying to tear it off—until his wrist bled.mWhen the bracelet wouldn't come off, he forced himself to bear the pain of having it; it felt like magic was stoppered within him.
He opened the same door the chittering creature had gone through with his stomach lurching in fear. There was nothing but another dark hall on the other side.
Thunder cracked.
Eory managed to fight his impulse to clap his hands to his ears.
He made his way through the fortress until he stumbled upon a small, lit room--barely big enough for one person--with scrolls sprawled across a wooden desk in the center of the room. Eory was relieved to find a lit room and took the opportunity to look through Moonpool.
Eory pored over every page. He was spurred on by nothing but a feeling in his gut that the book held the answer to destroying the doppelgangers. After looking through it, however, he confirmed that there was nothing in it.
He growled.
I know this is it. I know it! He thought to himself, clutching his head in frustration. He looked up at the ceiling with his hands clasped together--appealing to the fairy goddesses to show him a sign.
He looked at the book again. Determinedly, he began scratching at the cover. He scratched it until his nails felt raw. He didn’t know what he expected to find, but once he had scratched enough of the cover off, he saw the dwarvish word for kiss hidden under it. He pondered what it meant, until a song popped into his head.
Everything looks different when it’s under the light of the moon… Kori’s voice invaded his mind. In his mind, she was reciting the dwarven song, Moonkissed.
Eory’s eyes widened.
He climbed to his shaky, tired legs, intending to make his way to the battlements despite his pounding heart.
Around every corner, some kind of creature from the underworld seemed to be mocking him with its high-pitched laughter. Periodically, thunder—which he had never gotten over his fear of—boomed nearby. The combination of ravenous hunger from missing dinner and fear from the thunder made him feel like he only had a stomach, but nothing else.
The chittering worsened; he swore he saw horned, yellow-skinned beasts popping up in the blackest corners of the hallways.
I must refrain from fear and weeping!
He thought of Pollyanna and how she had been stabbed several times when she had come to rescue him from the tower, and barely even gritted her teeth at the wounds inflicted upon her. But there was something else as well. A buried memory surface; his eyes widened.
He remembered his father executing a group of peasants without mercy or hesitation for instigating a rebellion. Eory felt a return of power and stability to his veins and muscles—he ran faster, and the chittering faded away as he attempted to grab hold of sanity and logic.
He ran through an open door leading to the battlements. He spotted Maruka directing the archers who were all ducking behind the parapets for cover. Eory found a smile overtaking his face; he fought a temptation to say hello to Maruka.
Some of the recruits noticed him, but most were focused on the battlefield and didn’t see him. Eory kept close to the body of the fortress to minimize the chances of getting hit by the shadowy doppelganger arrows.
He managed to block out the sounds of arrows flying and clashing steel on the battlefield down below; he sat cross-legged under the cloudy, yellow moon, and flipped through the blank book rapidly.
Golden letters pulsed upon one of the fluttering pages.
Upon the page was a long word written in a language he did not understand. Eory examined it carefully. This character… Eory put a finger on one of the letters in the word. This looks familiar…
Realizing that the word would most likely disappear when it was not in moonlight, Eory wished that he had brought a pen to write the word down.
The fairy glanced at Maruka and the sheath hanging at his side. Embracing his newfound fearlessness, Eory marched over to the selkie. “Maruka, I need a swor—”
An arrow sang through the air toward Eory. Maruka gasped, pulling Eory's ankle toward him—sweeping the fairy’s feet out from under him.
“W-what are you doing here?” Maruka questioned.
Eory had gone silent in shock for a moment--terrified that he had almost gotten hit by an arrow. In another moment, he regained his courage and devoured his fear. “I need a sword.”
“Why?” Maruka asked as he grabbed the fairy’s wrist and dragged him against the parapet.
“I just need it.” Eory replied simply. “Let me have it.”
Maruka raised an eyebrow. However, the selkie was too busy to argue with Eory. He unsheathed his blade and waved the fairy away.
Eory crawled back to where he had left the book.
He took a deep breath.
Eory let his fearlessness cloak him in unbreakable armor like Pollyanna had done. He took a deep breath, closing his eyes. He opened them, dragging cold steel across his arm—grunting in pain the whole time.
Maruka glanced his way briefly with his jaw agape.
The selkie said something to the female recruit next to him and then crawled over to Eory—narrowly avoiding a flurry of arrows--he grabbed the fairy’s arm and blanched at the bloody word carved into it.
“W-what w-were you thinking?” Maruka was flabbergasted.
Tears of pain were in the corners of the fairy’s eyes, but he otherwise showed no outward sign of pain.
Maruka shook his head angrily. “I’m taking you to the i-infirmary.”
Eory smiled. “I’m okay! I don’t feel a thing!”
Maruka was disturbed at his friend’s apparent glee. He took him by the arm and dragged him back into the fortress.
***
While Eory sat on a stretcher, waiting for a physician to attend him, he shoved his bloody arm at Maruka and asked him, “Do you know what language this is?”
Maruka sighed, holding Eory’s wobbling arm still. Maruka shook his head. “Some of it looks l-like elvish... But I really don’t know..”
Eory nodded. “I’m almost certain that some of it is elvish. But some of it looks like dwarvish, too, especially the third letter… Kori taught me some while I lived with her.”
Maruka didn’t look impressed by the fairy’s knowledge like Eory hoped he would, instead, he looked perturbed. He put a hand on Eory’s shoulder. “I’m happy you want to find a way to get rid of the doppelgangers, b-but you shouldn’t be so reckless. We don’t have a s-single person who can use healing magic here; you’ll have to rely on bandages and milk of the poppy for that gaping wound.”
Eory looked down. He wanted Maruka to be more excited about his apparent success. He murmured, “I’m sorry…”
At his crestfallen face, Maruka felt guilty.
He forced a smile. “Well, I certainly am impressed that you figured out the secret to that b-blank journal. How did you do it?”
“Kori used to sing me this one song before bed… It was a dwarven song called Moonkissed!” Eory exclaimed.
As he explained to Maruka, he could hear her song in his head.
He remembered Kori tucking him in while he lay on the sofa in his room. He could hear her soft and soothing voice lulling him to sleep in the dwarven song that she had been teaching him to sing and understand earlier that day.
Everything looks dour and dull in the day,
All that is mysterious and wonderful fades away,
It is only at night that the world changes its tune,
Because everything looks different under the light of the moon.
Eory could never forget the day Kori spent teaching him the lyrics to the song in Common. It was the day he discovered his love of poetry and writing.
“And this letter,” he remembered Kori pointing to the M in moon while they sat at his desk together. “Is the dwarvish version of an M. Can you draw that for me?”
Eory smiled and nodded.
He made a crude version of the dwarven M in his underdeveloped script. Kori praised him anyway. “That’s so good! Now, let me show you the correct stroke order.”
The memory felt warm, yellow, and safe.
It made him smile even as he cradled his weeping wound. “I suppose my mind just made a leap of logic… the song is called Moonkissed and buried under the cover was the dwarven word ”
Maruka returned his smile and playfully pushed his cheek. “That’s smart Eory—really it is! M-makes me w-w-wonder if this song has something to do with the book.”
Eory relished the selkie’s praise. “Maybe. I have to start by translating the word. Of course…”
Maruka leaned on the stretcher—waiting for him to continue.
“Kori taught me a little bit of the elvish language, too… she told me that they use...” Eory tried to remember what Kori had taught him. “Very long words to convey actions and thoughts. I feel like this is the structure of an elven sentence, but this M is definitely a dwarven M…”
Maruka shook his head in amazement. “I’ve misjudged y-y-you Eory. You’re very smart; you’re n-n-not just sweet and naïve.”
He tucked a strand of hair behind the fairy’s ear. “But you’re reckless, t-t-too… You could have just asked me where to find a pen to write with. You didn’t have to slash your arm open. Why did you do that?”
Eory couldn’t explain it. He shrugged. “I just got excited. I wanted to solve the mystery of the book, and I didn’t want to have to wait until tomorrow night. It might have all the answers, you know--and tonight was a full moon, too, I was afraid the letters would only reveal themselves under a full moon. And I wasn’t afraid of the pain I would feel for once. It was a good feeling.”
Maruka knelt, crossing his arms over Eory’s knees. “Where h-h-has this recklessness come from?”
“From Pollyanna, from Them, from Terran, from you…” Eory explained. “And, from my father.”
Maruka’s lips pulled downward in a grimace. “Y-y-your father…?”
Kori’s voice rebuked him in his mind.
No Eory, that’s wrong. Your father was an evil man; executing those peasants was an act of evil.
He recognized the moral violation he had made and corrected himself. “I mean…since I.. I haven’t had a father to look up to… I’ve been looking at the actions of other men and trying to discern how to behave like one. I know father’s actions are not to be admired, but… He’s the only father figure I have.”
Maruka considered judging him, but realized he was in no position to. Instead, he nodded. “I u-u-understand… Do you want me to stay w-w-w-with you while you get patched up?”
Yes. Eory thought automatically. Wanting to be tough, however, he lowered his eyes and replied, “I’ll be fine, you can go.”
Maruka’s worried grimace stayed constant on his face for a moment. In another moment, his lips began to turn upward in a smile and then bloomed into an all-out grin. “T-there is no need to reject my company if you d-desire it! Besides, I wish to stay, and so I will!”
Maruka climbed to his feet and planted a kiss that lasted too long to be friendly on Eory’s forehead.
All of the wounded recruits in the room who were awake saw and whispered to each other about the occurrence.
Eory’s face wrinkled in a smile that any sweet affections should be given to someone as lowly as he. 
A sudden feeling of dread and guilt pervaded him. He felt like he belonged with Pollyanna, and he felt like he was betraying her despite not being in a relationship with her. His eyes pinched closed in pain.
And that pain reminded him of how heavy his body felt with magic. “Maruka…” Eory whispered. “Will you take this bracelet off?”
There was a solid block of uncomfortable silence.
“You know I-I can’t do that.” Maruka finally said. 
Eory felt his heart sink. Maruka didn’t trust him after all, but he supposed he couldn’t blame him. You’re so bad for me. Eory conceded to himself even as he hugged the selkie tighter. You both are. An evil thought that he could not help crossed his mind afterward as he stroked Maruka's hair. You both belong to me.
Chapter Fifty-Eight: Catty
Them and Pete sat across from Pollyanna after she had accepted their invitation to dinner. Sitting on Them’s other side was the elf, Terran, and sitting by him was his sweetheart, Eliita.
The mess hall was abuzz with chatter and laughter as it always was, but Them was not there for merrymaking; all his attention was focused on Pollyanna who was sitting alone at a different table.
The old woman was clearly upset, and Them felt sympathetic toward her, however evil she might be. Them wanted to help her.
Them liked and cared for Taylor—despite finding her frustrating in more ways than one—but felt like he could cut her out of his life if he needed to and he wouldn’t be devastated by it. Pollyanna, however, seemed to love Eory, and seemed unable to cut him out of her life due to her blind loyalty to the Arrozans. Them thought it was an odd and almost grotesque thing for her to love Eory; he would rather not think about such a wrinkled, ugly, and demented creature being naked with someone who was as beautiful and untouched like Eory and Taylor.
Or are they sweet and untouched? Them rubbed his temples. I keep forgetting that Taylor and Eory are Arrozans—one of those responsible for enslaving and massacring the humans—and that they could snap at any moment. Perhaps Eory and Pollyanna deserve one another.
Even growing up in Trella, Them had heard horror stories about the evils Pollyanna and the Arrozans had reigned upon the humans. And yet the woman he saw before him seemed so different from the one he had heard stories about.
She was gruff, violent and cruel, and she was also so very petty and human. She was not just a killing machine as he previously thought; she had her quirks and vulnerabilities, even if they were mental and not physical. Them decided to sit next to Pollyanna instead.
“So… do you and Eory…?” Them couldn’t help but ask teasingly as he sat down next to her.
Pollyanna shut down his question with a single, threatening glance.
Them laughed. “You’re so feisty, Pollyanna! No wonder he chooses to spend his… Free time with Maruka instead of you.”
Pete giggled—his laugh coming out in the sound of a high-pitched bell—and nudged his friend’s shoulder. This is what you should be doing, Them! Laughing at the misfortunes of these monsters! Not making friends with them!
Pollyanna was glaring at the wisp, tapping her nails on the wooden table. “I don’t know what he said, but it sounded insulting. As for Eory, I don’t care who he sees. My task is merely to defend him.”
Them gave her an incredulous, lopsided smile of disbelief. “Really? Then I wonder what those glassy eyes from earlier could have been about…” Them stroked his chin melodramatically.
Pollyanna clenched and unclenched her fists.
Them gulped at the sight of her fists. However, being a loquacious and risk-taking kind of fellow, he decided that he wanted to make her like him, and he wanted her as a friend, no matter what might befall him.
There’s no one I can’t befriend, after all.
“I had no glassy eyes…” Pollyanna murmured with very little confidence. “Eory’s happiness is my happiness, just as his parents' was before him. Besides, you’re the one who wants to bed Taylor. You’re probably far more upset about seeing them together than I am.”
Them rubbed the back of his neck; his cheeks turning red with embarrassment as he tried to ignore the looks the other recruits at the table were giving him. Them stabbed a thick piece of meat with a fork and waved it at Pollyanna. “Ah, Taylor. You know, I’m quite fond of her; she’s beautiful and fun to play games with, but I don’t need her to survive. It’s true that I’m jealous when I see her with other people, but it’s not as if I wish to marry her. You know what your problem is?”
Pollyanna’s face was kept blank and unamused. She said not a word in response.
“Your problem is that you define your own worth by what the Arrozans think of you.” Them lectured her with a smug grin.
Pollyanna looked genuinely confused—like the accusation made no sense to her—she leaned forward, like she was curious as to what he had to say.
“As long as I am protecting an Arrozan and upholding their ideals, I have worth. Of course I define my worth by what they think of me, why shouldn’t I? They have the only worldview that is worth protecting.” Pollyanna claimed.
Them said around a mouth of eggs, “I think this Arrozan has very different ideals than what you’re used to though, right? I would think that you would have to go against Eory’s ideals to uphold the ideals of his father and his other ancestors, wouldn’t you? The Arrozans wanted to dispose of the weak, right? Well, I may not be the best judge, but Eory and Taylor… They aren’t very strong, are they?”
Pollyanna’s eyebrows furrowed, her face twitching in anger.
She grabbed her plate and threw it to the ground—shattering it into pieces. “I will make him strong! I will make him want to devour the weak—including that weakling, Maruka! And if he refuses to be strong, I will let him be devoured by this cruel and abusive world! I need no validation from you or him! I have validation from Fjorn, the strongest of the Arrozans and the man who made me a sword—the personification of strength itself!”
Them flinched when she broke the plate but recovered quickly—realizing that that was what was required of him to go toe-to-toe with Pollyanna. “You know, I find it odd that you would want to get rid of Taylor when she seems to be much stronger than Eory. Why did you want to keep Eory and not Taylor if not because You have feelings for him?”
Taylor seems to be all talk, Them thought to himself. But she’s still far more ruthless and dangerous than Eory.
Pollyanna was stiff with fury. Her mouth moved, but no words came out. Them ate in silence for a time, unperturbed by Pollyanna’s menacing glare.
Pete, for his part, was slack-jawed at his friend’s audacity, and was ready to protect Them from the woman at a moment’s notice.
“Taylor is not strong. She is haughty and bigmouthed, but she is not strong; Eory, however, has potential to be strong. He just needs to realize it. But I’ve had my fill of your company, waif; did you invite me here just to ridicule and deride me?” Pollyanna demanded.
“Of course not! I can’t help but invite a woman to dinner when I see her being cut to pieces and recklessly throwing herself into battle. You know, I used to think of you as little more than a man with a slight feminine curve, but you’re actually very catty like a woman! You’re overcome with jealousy toward Maruka, aren’t you? That’s why you could not concentrate on the battle earlier, isn’t it?” Them pressed her.
Pollyanna growled and slammed her fist into the table. “This is not jealousy! Eory is most likely in the throes with another man! It’s disgusting! I must save him from an eternity in the underworld!”
Them chuckled. Waifs and humans both tended to find girls liking girls and boys liking boys disgusting, but Them was an exception. He supposed that was one of the many reasons he had been exiled from Trella. He had never dabbled with other men, but he didn’t hold it against others who liked to.
Pollyanna lowered her chin, closing her eyes which had turned glassy again without her permission. She rubbed her temples. “I have failed…”
“Failed at what?” Them asked with compassion in his voice.
Pollyanna had no answer.
All she could do was open her big, blue eyes and sniffle.
“Who needs him?” Them consoled her. “Perhaps you should try to find something you’re passionate about; something that has nothing to do with the Arrozans. That’s what I have always desired to find; something that makes me burn with a passion.”
“I am passionate about swords and armor and Arrozans and nothing else.” Pollyanna replied flatly.
Them rolled his eyes. “Yes, yes, I know, you’re the Arrozan Sword. But what else are you? You know, I’ve spent my whole life trying to find something to do that will make me burn, and I think spending every minute trying to find it and failing at it is better than succeeding at something I hate.”
Pollyanna’s gaze was thoughtful and fixed squarely upon the waif. Them thought he had gotten through to her for a moment, but then she drummed her nails on the table and changed the subject with a grumble, “Tell me how it is that you know Taylor. Tell me why you like such a spiteful and catty—”
“Woman?” Them interrupted with a wink.
Pollyanna folded her arms over the table and looked to the side with her lips pursed. “Bitch.”
Them covered his mouth to keep himself from laughing. He uncovered it and said, “Now look who’s catty! You are a woman after all, aren’t you!”
Them was shocked by Pollyanna’s following, genuine, slight smile. Encouraged by the smile, he mused aloud, “Where to begin with Taylor…? Ah! The beginning! That’s where I should start!”
Pollyanna’s smile didn’t fade, but her arms remained crossed. To earn her friendship and get her to open up, Them would have to explain the tale with much bravado and gusto (and occasional humor, as Pollyanna seemed to surprisingly appreciate it).
“I suppose I should start by saying that magic has many uses in waif society. Indeed; the most useful hunters among the men have magic and, as a result, they get the best wives, the most praise, and the greatest amount of happiness. And oh, did my adopted mother talk it up! ‘Them!’ She would say, ‘when you climb the holy mountain and your magic is activated, your life and ours will be blessed! No longer will you be known as the urchin with the mother who whored about the village and the father who stole bread! You will be known as a provider for the village—one who hunts and stores food for harsh winters!’.” Them began, imitating his adopted mother’s voice animatedly. “You see, if a man can’t provide for his family and his village, he isn’t a man at all.”
Pollyanna listened intently; from her downcast expression, he could tell that she could relate to his words.
“I became obsessed with magic because of my adopted mother’s constant nagging, and when the holy mountain didn’t inject magic into my veins, I was devastated. The only good thing I got upon that mountain was Pete.” Them said, nudging his wisp friend’s shoulder. “Me and Pete have a lot in common! Pete chose to bond with me and forsake the life of a wisp, and I chose to sleep with a married woman and forsake my life as a waif!”
Pollyanna blinked rapidly, scratching her nose. She was shocked by how cheerfully he had said it and how unashamed he was about it.
Them took a sip of wine and gathered his thoughts, and then he spoke them. “The married woman was good—almost too good!—I learned some of my best flirting tactics from her. She laughed at all my jokes… She touched me when there was no need to, she showered me with compliments, and then she got me alone and told me how abandoned she felt by her husband. You see, women aren’t allowed to go anywhere without a man accompanying them in Trella, and since her husband was never around to walk her from place-to-place, she had only me to rely upon.
“But she had some children who depended on her, and she knew she had to get rid of me once she had her fun. But she was a coward; she couldn’t just tell me that she didn’t want to see me anymore. Oh no. She had to make sure that I would be out of her life for good. She timed everything perfectly. She dragged me into the bedroom, waited for her husband to walk in through the front door, ripped her own clothes, tore her own skin, and whipped up some tears. And, well, that’s how I got exiled.” Them shrugged. “Not my favorite woman I’ve ever slept with, as you can imagine. Now Taylor, Taylor is something else entirely! Never slept with her, but I would kill even to just see her naked again!”
Pollyanna didn’t appreciate him talking about her charge that way, but she was interested in his story, and she let him continue telling it without a word.
“When I was banished from Trella, I traveled from place-to-place looking for two things; a way to inject magic into my veins, and a way to make life as bright and as passionate as I desired it to be.” Them continued. “My travels eventually led me to the gamayuns in Maaris--I had heard they were coming up with technology to manipulate magic. And, as it turned out, a kind of magic had been activated in my veins the whole time… it was a magic that allowed me access to the dream plains where I met Taylor.”
As Them related the tale, it was as if he was reliving it. He found himself wrapped in the web of his own memory.
***
The gamayun alchemist, Pietro, listened intently when Them and Pete asked for his help in trying to activate the magic that had supposedly lingered in Them’s veins for years. “You have tried instructing him on how to cast magic? You have told him that it takes concentration and a vivid imagination?”
Pete nodded.
The gamayun blinked his human eyes and examined Them closely. “You have tried teaching him all types of magic? Fireballs, barriers, healing magic, mirages…?”
Yes, I have tried all of those! Pete replied, offended that the gamuyan should question his knowledge.
“He’s tried all of them.” Them confirmed for the gamayun in a language he could understand.
“How about dream magic?” The gamayun asked as he poked the waif’s stomach with the tip of his feathery wing. “Have you tried teaching him that?”
Yes, of course I h—dream magic? Pete blinked, his wide eyes in confusion.
Them cocked his head to the side. “We don’t know what dream magic is. Can you teach us?”
The gamayun grinned smugly. “Dream magic is a particularly rare kind of magic that almost no one knows how to use, and even those who do can rarely find a use for it.”
The gamayun hopped over to his bookshelf and retrieved a book on rare magic. As he flipped through it, he asked Them, “You. Waif. Put on the coffee—I need to teach myself, and then I will teach you and your wisp friend.”
Them did as the gamayun asked. He mashed up coffee beans and stirred them into a pot filled with boiling water. He poured the resulting substance into three earthen cups and passed one to Pete and the other to the gamayun.
Them listened to the howling wind outside as he and Pete sipped their coffee in silence. The waif decided he was freezing and wrapped a blanket around his shoulders that was previously draped on the back of the sofa.
As Them took a deep, comforting swig of coffee—or, as he liked to call it, paradise on Yharos—he reminisced about the things Pete had told him about magic.
“How is it that you have learned how to cast magic…?” Them had asked once.
I don’t know. It’s just something innate. My body tells me what I can and can’t do. Pete had answered as best he could.
That sentence had haunted Them for so long. Something that Them had worked so hard to conjure all his life was as easy as breathing to someone like Pete.
Two hours past, and Pete and Them spoke of occurrences in the past that were both happy and sad until finally, the gamayun interrupted them.
“I have found it! It is quite simple, really! You will lie down and close your eyes now, Them!” The gamayun commanded.
Chapter Fifty-Nine: Almost-Dreaming
Them continued relating his story to Pollyanna, and continued to be drawn into it himself. His memories led him to a sofa inside the gamayun’s hut.
***
As he lay on the sofa--his eyes closed--like the gamayun, Pietro, commanded he do, Them felt surprisingly tired despite sleeping well the night before. He felt safe and warm under the blanket that Pietro draped over him.
“Now, you must get to the state of almost-dreaming, and when you are in that state, you must reach out with your senses and find a trail of magic to follow. You might see a translucent, blue path, you might smell something akin to sulfur, or you might hear a ringing at an odd pitch. It is these things that you must follow in order to gain access to the dream plains. I highly suspect that you would be the Called when it comes to the dream plains and not the Caller.” Pietro explained enigmatically.
“I don’t unde—” Them began.
“Magic is an instinctual thing! Don’t think about it too much! Don’t try to understand it, instead, you must feel it!” Pietro scolded him. The bird turned to Pete. “You. Wisp. You must envelop him in magic and watch his progress. When he is in the state of almost-dreaming, you will give him a slight prompt with your magic, which will encourage him to try and find an aforementioned trail of magic to follow.”
Pete nodded determinedly and sat on the back of the sofa, watching Them. The wisp reached out with his magic, brushing his friend’s mind—monitoring his level of drowsiness.
Pete knew his friend’s mind well, although Them did not know that he knew it well. Pete often brushed it without Them realizing it, and the waif was none the wiser due to his lack of talent in magic.
Them’s mind was the reason Pete had decided to bond with him. The day they met, the wisp felt a warm soul treading upon the holy mountain in Trella; it was a soul imbued with boundless enthusiasm, passion, and recklessness, and Pete was addicted to it.
He remembered his old life among the wisps who did not choose to bind to mortal creatures; it was passionless and aimless, similar to how Them often thought his life was, but in reality, the waif had no idea what purposeless, passionless, and aimlessness truly felt like.
But Pete knew. Pete knew it all-too-well. That was why his infatuation with Them began as partly disingenuous, and partly genuine. He wanted emotions and magic to feast upon, and he found what he wanted within the waif’s mind, but he also found something unexpected; an irreplaceable friend.
And as Pete brushed his friend’s mind, he enjoyed how warm and alive it felt as he always did, but that wasn’t the only thing he enjoyed; he enjoyed the relaxation and peacefulness of a tired mind.
Pete closed his eyes, and even though they were closed, he could see—no, he could practically feel--the smile spreading across Them’s face.
He didn’t know how much time had passed, but eventually, he felt the heaviness of Them’s eyelids, and then he felt the state of almost-dreaming coming on all at once.
Gently, Pete prodded his friend’s mind with magic and whispered, follow the magic.
And Them obeyed the prompt.
The waif’s consciousness, through the use of magic, reached out and looked upon the many faceted surfaces of the world; his disembodied eyes were speeding over plains that were both green and luscious and brown and barren. His consciousness was searching for something, Them couldn’t remember what it was, but he knew he would know it when he felt it.
The land was a blur as he sped over jagged things that might have been mountains and silvery ground that might have been snow.
Eventually, he contacted an odd smell, and then he saw a translucent path of blue magic. He followed it; he was being drawn in by something he couldn’t resist.
And he could feel it.
He could feel the thing he had always desired to feel pulling him towards it.
There was a burning in his veins and a quickening of his pulse.
His only thought, which repeated over and over again, was, this is what I have been searching for!
Them followed the intense smell of sulfur and the beautiful, sparkling blue path, which was making itself into a staircase and leading Them’s disembodied eyes toward the top of a tower.
Them passed through the solid walls of the building and into an incredibly cramped room where he saw a shining, golden aura bursting with life upon a sofa.
Them approached, drawn in by its beauty.
When he brushed the aura, his surroundings changed entirely.
He was dragged into a lush, grassy field where he met a fairy girl--perhaps sixteen or seventeen-years-old--who reminded him of the sweetness and innocence of youth.
And after she had taught him how to wake up from the dream, he had lurched to wakefulness. He turned to Pete and Pietro. “I did it! I reached out with my magic and I met this beautiful woman! But how—how is it that I have connected to her and fallen into her dreams? And just what are the dream plains? And how is it that I have been blessed with this magic and no other? Tell me, Pietro!”
The gamayun smiled at the waif’s eagerness and clapped him on the back with a wing. “I can answer two of your questions at once; your magic is very minimal, and you can only just barely reach out with it. The woman you met… She was the one with the far more powerful magic. She was reaching out, whether she knew it or not, with her own magic for anyone to come meet her. She drew you in, and you fell into her dreams.”
Them frowned deeply. “And this… This is the only magic I am able to perform?”
The gamayun nodded. “I think so.”
Them swallowed a lump in his throat and remained strong. “And the dream plains? What are they?”
The gamayun hopped over to the sofa and sat next to Them—his coffee clasped between his feathered hands. “The plains… Are a place in which the unstable and unfathomably lonely make a paradise for themselves to play in; I suspect this is why your magic is so weak even in this area. You are far too rooted in reality, sanity, and friendship to conjure up a dream state the way this woman has.”
There was abject silence for a time. Them propped his elbows on his knees and rubbed his temples.
This is my one talent in magic, and I have hardly any skill in it?
“Is there a way to improve my skill in this magic?” Them asked.
There was a long pause, but eventually, the gamayun nodded. “There is. You would need to develop more of an imagination, however, along with a flimsier grasp on reality.”
Them stood up. “An imagination?”
He thought back to when he was traveling as a bard.
There was a woman he was seeing back then—a beautiful elf by the name of Reeandra—who told him much the same thing.
“You play the harp brilliantly, your lyrics are brilliant, but… There is no imagination in your work.” The woman had claimed.
“No imagination? How so?” Them had replied, offended.
“It’s so very… Technical!” The woman grasped at straws. “I can’t describe it…”
Them turned to Pietro. “I can see this woman again, if I wish?”
Pietro took a long sip of coffee and then nodded afterward. “You can, so long as she keeps the dream plains open.”
“Is she the only one I can see using this magic?” Them queried as he watched his wisp friend land gracefully on the floor and stretch his short legs.
Pietro set his coffee down on the little round table beside his sofa and made a grumbling sound in his throat. “There may be others. My book asserts that those who have similar auras—and who also have similar wants and desires--can cross over into each other’s dream plains.”
Them smiled. “Good. Then I will see her again.”
“Ah, but Them, the dream plains can be dangerous. Some people get comfortable and never leave.” Pietro warned.
“I will not be one of those people. You said it yourself; I am far to rooted in reality.” Them replied confidently.
***
“I’m still not seeing what you love so much about her.” Pollyanna said flatly. The chatter had died down around them; most of the recruits had gone to bed, and only a few stragglers were left in the mess hall.
“You don’t?” Them gasped melodramatically. “Clearly, you must know nothing of love, you poor, sweet thing!”
Pollyanna shrunk in her chair, unable to help the redness that bloomed on her cheeks.
Them realized, then, with some amount of shock, that Pollyanna truly did not have much experience in the ways of love if he could make her blush so well with his jesting.
The old woman avoided the waif’s gaze. “Is it the games she plays that you love? She literally ran from you the first time you met and begged for you to chase her. Chasing is something you love to do, correct?”
Them suddenly became thoroughly engrossed in the memory of his first kiss with Taylor at Pollyanna’s mentioning of it; all he could think about, now, was how perfectly their lips seemed to lock together, and how he would have liked to run his hand up her inner-thigh and under her enticingly short dress.
The impatient tapping of Pollyanna’s foot thankfully brought him back to reality. “I do love to chase, yes, but it wasn’t just that. She was so lonely; she practically begged for me to stay, but she was feisty, too. It was these contradictory things about her, along with the quickening of my pulse when I met her, that intrigued me so much about her. Alas, because I have so little talent in magic, it took me a week to be able to visit her again.” Them was drawn back into memories. 
__
“If I don’t see this girl again soon, I’ll go mad.” Them lamented to Pete as the two ventured out into the freezing snow land that was Maaris to gather more wood for the fireplace.
Pete lit his body up, acting as a light as the two headed down the incline from Pietro’s house. Yes, I know. You can’t stop thinking about her.
Them knew his friend was getting tired of hearing it, but it was the most passionate Them had felt about anything in a long time. “I just don’t know what it is, Pete! Even with your magical prompt, I can’t access the dream plains again!”
As Pete and Them reached the bottom of the incline and entered the encompassing woods, Pete replied, you can’t enter the plains because you’re too excitable; you can’t even get to the state of almost-dreaming lately, and even when you do, you end up waking yourself up anyway due to your anticipation of meeting this girl again. You have to clear your mind and concentrate when using magic, Them.
Them knew his friend was right, but he rolled his eyes petulantly, anyway. “Magic is so useless! What’s the point in having it if you can’t enjoy the excitement it produces!”
You have to enjoy magic on a deeper level than surface. Pete lectured his friend. You have to love how it makes you feel—you have to love your personal connection to it.
“My personal connection to it, huh…?” Them repeated forlornly.
The two were quiet for a time as they traveled through the swirling snow flurry. Them’s teeth chattered. He rubbed his hands together for warmth. “Sure does make you miss Trella, huh Pete?”
But Pete didn’t answer. The light the wisp was emitting suddenly cut out.
The wisp’s eyes were fixed on something that Them didn’t see.
“Pete, it’s kind of cold, friend. Maybe you should keep the light on?” Them suggested.
Pete was frozen where he floated.
Abruptly, the wisp jetted through the air toward an unseen destination.
“Pete!” Them yelled.
The waif sped after him, but lost track of him quickly when the wisp disappeared behind a cluster of pine trees.
“Pete…?”
Them’s heart dropped. He didn’t know how long his friend could last alone in the woods. He ventured deeper into the wooded area, fearlessly following his friend.
An hour passed, and then another, and Them knew he should have turned back, but he would never forgive himself if he lost Pete.
He called out frequently, “Pete! Pete!”
But there was no answer.
Despite his heavy fur coat and boots, he was beginning to freeze.
His legs gave out from underneath him; he collapsed in the snow, letting his tears flow freely. “Have you abandoned me after all this time, Pete…? I thought I was special…”
He closed his eyes.
When he opened them, he was greeted to a pair of blue high-heels, and a pair of shapely, white legs. A yellow sun overhead wrapped him in warmth like a blanket.
“Well, well… You visited again after all.” Taylor murmured with her voice dripping with venom.
Them scrambled to his feet.
He was dazed. He couldn’t remember how he had ended up on the dream plains or why he felt so panicked. Because he couldn’t remember, he decided to just be happy that he could see the girl who inflamed him so well.
“Hello again, beautiful!” Them exclaimed. “I’ve been trying to visit you for a week!”
Taylor did not look impressed. She planted her hands on her hips, repling sarcastically, “Have you now? No. I don’t think you have. I think if you really wanted to see me, you would have visited me again the very next day after we met. Clearly, you must have no interest in me.”
Taylor turned her back to him, crossing her arms haughtily.
Them frowned. “Don’t be that way, beautiful! I’ve been trying for days to get back to the dream plains! You’ve been on my mind constantly! You have no idea how happy I am to see you!”
Taylor did not face him for a time and let him stew.
Eventually, she said, “What’s your proof that you’ve been thinking about me constantly? That you have been trying to come back here for a whole week?”
“I am incompetent at magic, but I have tried day and night to get back to you since the day we met. It has been my one and only desire.” Them lowered himself to one knee, groveling before her. “I have no proof other than my ineptitude in magic."
Taylor turned around with a smile. “Oh? You are incompetent at magic? That is the reason you have left me alone all this time? You have not been seeing another woman?”
Them shook his head and clasped one of her hands between his. “Of course not! Every other woman I have ever met pale in comparison to you!”
“Every other woman…?” Taylor replied darkly.
“I mean… There have only been a few…” Them spluttered.
Taylor enjoyed his spluttering for a moment; indeed, she was charmed by it. She patted him on the head like she would a dog. “It’s alright! I know you do not have the intelligence or foresight to think before you say silly things! You are a lowly creature, after all! You poor thing, trying for an entire week to reenter the dream plains with no luck! You are so beneath me that I can’t remember whether you have even introduced yourself to me yet! What is your name, you poor, inept thing?”
“I am Them. What’s your name?” Them queried.
“I am Taylor, and you are forgiven for leaving me alone for as long as you did.” 
Chapter Sixty: Untamed
Kori licked her lips; she was dehydrated, sticky, and wet. It had been days since she had bathed, and she could feel sweat and grime sticking to her skin and clothes. Again, she wondered where her twenty soldiers were hiding and hoped they would rescue her soon.
Francis was being chatty and annoying, and Kori was glad of it. The previous day, he had been quiet and was coughing and sneezing up a storm. He was sick, and despite that, he still had energy to be annoying. Kori found herself smiling at that fact.
“You are all surely brutes,” Francis said through a particularly violent sneeze. “Picking on a woman not even half your size and an elf not even half your width!”
Kori had been sure to be silent while Francis delivered complaint after complaint and the occasional insult at the elf-humans because she wanted to stay on their good side, but that comment was too much for her. She burst out laughing.
Kori realized, with much amusement, that two Francises could fit into one Hew. Her raucous laughter made birds from a nearby tree take flight. Maybe it was her sticky clothes or her light-headedness from lack of food or water, but that jape struck her funny bone.
The elf-humans made no reaction to her laughter nor Francis’ insolent remarks. They stoically marched onward. Silence reigned once again.
Another light rain shower doused the elf-humans, Kori, and Francis. Francis was shaking; he looked pale and exhausted. His teeth chattered. Kori watched him with her forehead wrinkled in concern. She reached out with her magic to check how he was doing.
She felt immense lethargy, heavy muscles, and aching limbs. His tiredness was so palpable that it momentarily transferred to her, weighing her down.
“We have to take a break! Francis is deathly ill!” Kori told her captors.
Just as she said it, Francis’ eyes rolled into the back of his head and he fainted.
Hew paused, as did the men who followed him. He sighed. “Perhaps we should leave him… We don’t really need him, after all. He’s weighing us down. We only need the waif.”
“You can’t leave him! I need him!” Kori protested.
Hew stroked his chin, ignoring her protest. “He is an elf… If there’s anyone who treats us worse than humans, it’s elves. Killing him might be cathartic. Not only that, but killing him would put a stop to his endless japes. What do you all think? A swift and merciful death for the elf?”
The elf-humans nodded vigorously with a resounding, “Yes!”
Hew unsheathed his blade and stepped over to where Francis had fallen.
Kori was stunned.
“I thought you were a reasonable person!” Kori said desperately. “I thought you were a good man!”
Hew gave her a worn smile. “Poor, little waif… The rest of us do not hold ourselves to the same moral standards that you hold yourself to. Your little victories as a Redeemer—your attempts to tame society--are pointless… I am a slave to this world’s morality, the same as everyone else. Being a good man is meaningless in such a world. Fear not, you will be kept alive, but we have no uses for the elf.”
He lifted his blade high.
Kori’s fingers twitched with green fire.
The blade plunged downwards. Green fire turned the ropes binding Kori’s wrists to ash; with a yell, she launched a fireball from her palm.
It slammed into Hew—his blade slipped from his grasp--he was blown backward.
The elf-humans encircled Kori, pointing their weapons at her.
Green fire enveloped Hew—he dropped to the ground and rolled, trying to put it out. Through his screams of pain, he managed to tell the other elf-humans, “Don’t hurt the waif! Kill the elf!”
One elf-human left the circle to assist Hew, another approached Francis, twirling his blade eagerly.
Kori attempted to launch another fire ball, but one of the elf-humans tackled her to the ground; unable to concentrate, the fireball fizzled out.
Tears gathered at the corner of Kori’s eyes as she watched an elf-human with a spear approach Francis.
“No…” She murmured.
With Francis’ death, she was sure Maribel was doomed. But it wasn’t just that; she liked Francis. He didn’t deserve to die.
She looked away.
A distinctive sound cut through the air and momentarily drowned out Hew’s screams. Kori opened her eyes to see an arrow thudding into the chest of Francis’ assailant.
Kori looked to her right. The Maribel soldiers emerged from the mist on foot.
Kori’s eyes lit up with relief.
One of the elf-humans fired their crossbow—an arrow lodged itself into a knight’s chest.
Kori turned away just in time to avoid seeing the blood spurting from the wound. Abhorring chaos like she did, she found herself clapping her hands to her ears and focusing her attention on Francis so she wouldn’t have to look at the men fighting and screaming all around her.
Kori made her way to the elf’s side, pressing her fingers to the elf’s neck, checking for a pulse.
Her heart thudded out of her chest in anticipation.
When she felt an even pulse, she was so relieved that her eyes turned glassy.
The sound of an arrow zipping through the air disrupted her relief.
She pasted herself to Francis’ chest—the arrow flew past where her head had been. The pounding of her heart returned with even greater intensity.
She was frightened. I may die here.
Kori realized that she should have been fighting with her troops, but she found herself paralyzed by two things: Her unwillingness to kill and memories from the night at the ball.
Kori blinked. All she could see were arrows raining down from the balcony and thudding into Pollyanna’s already mangled body over and over again. She could have sworn she heard the howling of that monstrous dog Eory had created swallowing the sound of steel-on-steel. And, sitting on his throne, she could have sworn she could see Laurence complacently watching the situation without compassion.
Her whole body was trembling, but she wanted to be brave. She wanted to help her troops. Kori pushed herself to fight with the Maribel soldiers.
She launched fireball after fireball at the elf-humans.
Her magic was draining quickly. The sound of endless fighting and yelling made her ears ring.
One of her soldiers was stabbed through the chest with a lance; an elf-human shrieked in pain as green fire swallowed him whole.
The chaos made her feel ill. Everyone was dying so quickly.
From behind her, a strong hand grabbed her wrist and lifted her into the air; she locked eyes with Hew, who was covered in the blood of his opponents. He gazed at her with his usual, impassive face.
Kori looked around; most of the elf-humans and Maribel soldiers had died. There were eight soldiers and seven elf-humans left. She kicked her dangling legs, clawing at Hew’s wrist with her free arm.
He didn’t budge an inch.
Hew’s mouth was moving, but she couldn’t hear what he was saying through the ringing in her ears. She flexed her fingers—green magic began pooling in her hand—but Hew stomped it out by grabbing it with his other hand.
Terrance, who saw her struggling, left the soldier who he was fighting side-by-side with and came to her aid. The soldier he left was immediately killed.
Terrance tackled the elf-human. Hew dropped the waif—she fell to the dirt.
She crawled a few paces away and then scrambled to her feet while Hew and Terrance grappled with each other.
She hovered over the two while they rolled around in the dirt, punching and choking each other. She couldn’t launch a fireball; it was just as likely to hit Terrance as it was Hew. Her eyes scanned the battlefield.
She saw a blade lying next to its dead owner.
She scurried over to it--keeping her head low so as not to draw attention from the other elf-humans. It was a human-sized sword--nearly as tall as she was. Using all her strength, she managed to lift the blade and hurried to Terrance’s aid.
Terrance’s back was facing her and shielding Hew’s body.
“Terrance, move!” Kori commanded.
Terrance rolled off Hew—Kori clumsily began swinging the blade at the elf-human.
Abruptly, the earth rumbled, surprising all of them.
Kori lost her grip, the blade flew from her grasp. The earth shook so violently that she lost her footing and tumbled to the floor. A monstrous roar reverberated throughout the land and drowned out all other noise.
Kori looked up.
A dragon was plummeting toward them.
Hew and Terrance darted away from the dragon’s shadow as did all the other elf-humans and Maribel soldiers.
Francis’ body lay where the dragon was about to land.
Kori leapt to her feet, dashing toward him.
“Redeemer!” Terrance called.
Kori ignored him.
She grabbed Francis’ wrist and pulled him with all her might. She managed to drag him a few inches but lost her grip due to the sweat and grime coating her hands.
Turbulent air shook the trees violently; she knew the dragon was getting closer.
She looked up; she had only seconds to get herself and Francis out of the way before they would both be crushed by the golden beast.
She launched a green fireball at the ground—blowing both her and Francis a yard away from where the dragon would land.
The dragon shrieked again.
Kori’s body was smoldering; she didn’t even have enough energy to growl in pain. She lifted herself onto her palms, but her arms shook violently and slid out from under her. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head; she collapsed into the dirt.
***
She opened her eyes to a heavenly picture; King Laurence—before he was king--under a golden sunset, humming a happy song.
Kori rode on the back of his horse with her cheek pressed against his back.
I must have fallen asleep… She thought to herself.
She was startled from being so high off the ground. She yelped, wrapping her arms closely about Laurence.
She meekly asked, “Where are you t-taking me?”
“To a nearby stream. I’m out of water, and you seem thirsty.” Laurence replied. “Do you have somewhere to go after this? I’ll be more than happy to take you.”
Kori looked away. She managed to bite back her tears as crying in front of a stranger didn’t seem appropriate. “I have nowhere to be…”
“You don’t wish me to take you back to your village?” Laurence asked.
“No. I was banished.” Kori replied transparently.
There was silence but for the trotting of Laurence’s horse. He eventually answered, “Well, you don’t need to tell me what happened. Would you like a recommendation on where to go next?”
Kori found herself smiling, despite the fact that she was a little afraid of the man. They had only met earlier that morning, after all, and he was much bigger than her. Kori whispered shyly, “I’d like a recommendation…”
“Well,” Laurence began. “The elven lands of Alanheim are the prettiest places on Yharos. Unfortunately, you’re not allowed in there unless you’re an elf or you have permission from the queen. The dwarven lands have their own charm to them, but they’re a somewhat crude and shameless people, despite their kindness. Ah, I know the perfect place for you! The weather is always cool, the people are kind, and you’ll already have a friend to show you where everything is!”
Kori was in disbelief. She said sarcastically, “Oh? What is this paradise you speak of? Furthermore, who is this friend you speak of?”
“Why, Maribel and myself is what I speak of! I promise I’ll look after you once we arrive!” Laurence exclaimed.
Kori found her eyes glistening with tears at his compassion. “You’re a friend…?”
“Of course I am! I know we just met, but I can tell that you’re the type of friend I want to have!” Laurence replied. “You wear your heart on your sleeve, and you seem loyal and honest.”
Kori blushed, lowering her eyes. “Why are you being so kind to me?”
“You act as if the simple act of giving a thirsty woman water and offering her friendship is a gift from Renthas himself! It’s the good and right thing to do, that’s all.”
Kori whispered, “I’ve… I’ve never experienced such kindness before. Waifs are a very… Restrained people. Very judgmental, too.”
“I see.” Laurence didn’t press her for any further information.
He rode east until he came upon a stream with running water. Laurence helped her down from the horse, and then she wasted no time. She cupped water in her hands, gulping it down.
Laurence smiled while he filled up his flask. “I’m glad I found you. I think it would have been a tragedy if Yharos lost someone like you.”
Kori rolled her eyes. “You don’t need to flatter me.”
“I’m not flattering you; I’m merely telling the truth.” Laurence gazed at her intensely as she cupped more water in her hands and used it to smooth her fiery red hair back.
She glanced his way and was taken aback by the look he was giving her. Her gaze immediately darted back to the stream.
“Just why have you come all the way from Maribel to Trella, Laurence?” Kori asked.
“My sister… She likes the flowers that grow here. She isn’t feeling well, so I thought I would pick some for her.” Laurence responded.
“You came all this way for your sister?” Kori dared to look his way again.
“I did.” He sounded content.
She couldn’t help but notice how well-muscled he was. She also couldn’t help but find his height attractive. He’d make a good blanket. Waifs don’t have muscles like those.
But it wasn’t those surface things that made her immediately attracted to him. It was the fact that he had ridden for days just to get his sick sister her favorite flower.
***
Kori opened her eyes. She murmured, “Laurence.”
The sun cast angelic, golden light upon her for a moment, but it faded to the unhappy, leaden sky that had shadowed her for days now. And it was not the handsome, manly Laurence she was gazing up at; instead, it was the feminine Francis.
The elf helped her sit up. “Not Laurence. I’m afraid it’s only me, little waif.”
Her skin still burned from the fireball she had launched. She groaned; every inch of her was sore, and she was dying of thirst.
She came to her senses and lurched forward. “Where are Terrance and Hew?”
A loud, hissing voice interjected. “We are deciding what to do with you.”
Kori looked to her left.
She was hoping the dragon had only been a dream, but it was not. The creature was real. The dragon was as big as her quarters at Castle Maribel were. It had twisted horns, sharp fangs, and a thin snout. Terrance, Hew, and the remaining elf-humans and Maribel soldiers were frozen in place.
Plumes of fire bloomed at the corner of the dragon’s mouth. “I would like to eat you, but Casimir has other plans, I think.”
There was a fairy standing next to the dragon with his arms looped rigidly around its neck and his cheek pressed firmly into its collar bone.
Casimir pressed his cheek deeper into the dragon’s neck. “They may have what I seek.”

Chapter Sixty-One: Weeping Willow
The mess hall was nearly empty, but Pollyanna, Them, Eliita, and Terran remained. They were all enthralled by the waif’s tale of his first meetings with Taylor. Terran and Eliita, who had been listening in on the tale from the table next to Them’s and Pollyanna’s, now came to sit with the pair--making no effort to conceal the fact that they were eavesdropping.
Terran interjected. “She sounds like a hussy; the type of girl that only a man like you would be attracted to—the type of girl who would end up at a whore house--there’s nothing special about a woman like that.”
Pollyanna lowered her head in shame. She had been sold once, the same as a whore, to Klein.
Eliita glared at Terran. “Terran, neither you nor I understand how horrible it is in a whore house, we shouldn’t judge. Besides, I can’t imagine she is a hussy… Maybe a flirt, but not a hussy.”
“You’re too kind, my sweet. Don’t you remember the names she called you?” Terran reminded her.
“She’s clearly insecure and immature, but that doesn’t make her a whore.” Eliita replied.
“Taylor is not a hussy…” Them agreed, feeling guilt weigh heavily upon his shoulders. “My mistake was not realizing that sooner.”
“You don’t think she’s a hussy…?” Pollyanna interjected, surprised.
Lately, she didn’t know what to make of Eory or Taylor; she knew that Eory must have been a virgin when he emerged from the tower, but she didn’t know whether he was or not now since Maruka had come into the picture. She knew that he desperately wanted to be loved, and like any eighteen-year-old, he wasn’t picky about who he found to love him.
Because Them was so experienced in the ways of love, it gave her hope that perhaps Eory had not slept with Maruka.
Them shook his head with a soft smile. “No… She’s all talk. She’s more likely to slap someone in the face than she is to sleep with them. I can’t say for sure, but I don’t get that impression from her.”
Them was regretful. “To think I accused her of sleeping with Maruka… I knew she had done no such thing. The way she kissed me those two times—they were deep and passionate, but also scared and insecure.”
Them sighed. “I should have told her…”
“Told her what?” Eliita asked.
Them grinned awkwardly. “Nothing.”
Pete crossed his short arms. Annoyance at his friend’s obsession with the fairy was turning into resentment. You say you don’t have feelings for her—that you could never see her again and you would be completely fine—and yet you are unable to stop praising her, thinking about her, and worrying about her.
Them turned to his wisp friend and winked. “Are you jealous or something, Pete?”
Pete narrowed his eyes. No, but I’m supposed to guide you to the right path. Taylor doesn’t belong on the right path. She’s hurt you before, she’ll keep on hurting you.
Them was silent as he let his friend’s words sink in.
Pollyanna exchanged glances with Terran and Eliita, wondering what the wisp had said to Them.
“Yes, Taylor hurts me.” Them agreed. “But I can take care of myself; I can cut her out of my life if need be. I just don’t want to. I’ll continue my story, and then you’ll know why.”
***
Them groveled at Taylor’s feet on the dream plains, keeping his eyes low. “I apologize again for keeping you waiting.”
Taylor crouched, tilting his chin up with a pointer finger. “There, there, I said you were forgiven. You may stop groveling.”
Before she could remove it, Them lifted her finger to his mouth and kissed it. Taylor went rigid. She bit her free arm to keep from moaning with pleasure as he kissed the rest of her fingers.
Taylor decided they were both enjoying themselves too much and tugged her hand away. She turned her back on him and began walking away.
Them scrambled to his feet and followed her eagerly. “Where are you going?”
“I want to show you something beautiful.” Taylor responded.
As they walked, their surroundings changed.
The blue, pristine sky was gradually covered up by the curtain of black night. Ivory, leafless oak trees sprouted up from that ground, caging them in on both sides and forming a narrow hallway around them as they walked. There were balls of blinding light in the place of leaves hanging from the trees, delighting Them's senses.
Despite the beauty all around him, something weighed heavily upon Them's mind. “Taylor, I feel like I have forgotten something very important. I can’t remember how I got to the dream plains, or where I was when I got to them…”
“I do.” Taylor teased with a giggle.
“You do? You’ll tell me, then?” Them asked, looking at his changing surroundings in amazement.
“Of course! Just let me show you something, first!” Taylor sped up her pace, Them followed suite.
At the end of the path of oak trees, a tiny puddle of water began to form on a patch of deep green grass. It gradually expanded into a shimmering lake. On the surface of the water, a reflection of twinkling stars gazed up at Taylor and Them.
“Is this what you wanted to show me…?” Them asked as he looked at his reflection in the lake. “It’s gorgeous.”
“There’s something else in the lake.” Taylor whispered, gesturing for him to look closer. Them raised an eyebrow. Curiously, he leaned over the pond, giving it a thorough look.
He was enraptured by the amount of stars in the lake; their insurmountable delightfulness drew him in and wouldn’t let him look away.
A high-pitched giggle escaped Taylor’s lips.
Her hands rammed into Them’s back—he lost his balance and fell in the lake.
Splash! The water swallowed him.
His surroundings were entirely black but for the twinkling stars that were now close enough to touch. He tried to grab one, but it disappeared in his grasp.
Something below him at the edge of his vision caught his attention.
He looked down. A stream of bubbles escaped his mouth in surprise.
A white light at the bottom of the lake blinded him; Them lifted an arm to protect his eyes. When he uncovered him, the white light expanded, and he realized that what he was looking at was not a white light.
It was the top of a willow tree.
It shook the lake violently as it shot upwards.
He heard a splash. He looked up. Taylor had dived into the lake.
Them opened his mouth—expelling a watery noise—Taylor pressed a pointer finger to her lips to quiet him.
The only thing that could distract him from the incomparable tree was Taylor’s incomparable body. Her dress was low cut, the neckline nearly plunging to her navel, the fabric was silken and white. She looked like some kind of holy creature when she shook her hair loose from the tight braid it was bound in; her golden locks flow freely. They were like rays of sunshine in the pitch-black water.
The water was cold; his eyes were drawn to her breasts.
Taylor liked where he was looking. She led his hands to her hips.
Automatically, his hands squeezed them.
Taylor tilted her head back--bubbles escaped her mouth in a muffled moan of ecstasy. Them was overjoyed that he could elicit such an intense reaction from something so simple.
He leaned in for a kiss, bringing her closer by her hips.
The willow tree was fast approaching where they waded together.
Their lips locked.
She leaned into it far more than he did. He was surprised but pleased when her eager fingers found his belt and unbuckled it; she untied the laces on his breeches and moved her hand lower.
Because she was getting toward a more personal area, he thought it might be okay to drag his hands down and under her dress.
Taylor’s eyes widened.
She shoved him away just as the willow shot up to their position and carried them out of the water on one of its branches.
The two emerged, soaking wet. Them coughed and tried to buckle his belt, but his fingers were slippery. Taylor hung her legs off the branch and giggled when he accidentally dropped his belt into the water.
Them cursed. He couldn’t help but glare at Taylor who was beckoning him to come closer with a mischievous pointer finger.
The waif crossed his arms and ignored her playful advances. “So the willow tree is what you wanted me to see?”
Taylor hummed a song, ignoring him. She swept water off her arms with a brush of her dainty fingers.
Them, who was quite frustrated with her games, asked snippily, “Well? Why did you show me that?”
Taylor threw a glance his way, and then returned her gaze to the water below.
“You want to be good at magic, don’t you?” Taylor replied.
“Yes, but—”
“What do you think this willow tree is?” Taylor asked, scooting toward the trunk and leaning her cheek into it.
Them forgot his anger for a moment and focused on the question due to his fascination with magic.
The tree was large and distinct; it made him think of power. “Is it where you draw your power from on the dream plains?”
Taylor shook her head.
Them grinned, he began to have fun again. “Perhaps the tree is where you borrow your beauty? You’re both the same color and both gorgeous.”
Taylor lowered her gaze, blushing. She shook her head.
Them thought long and hard, and suddenly, it hit him.
She and the tree were alike, but not in any superficial way.
“The tree… It is you? No, it must be your soul.” Them guessed.
Taylor gave him a mischievous grin for a moment and didn’t answer. Eventually, she clapped her hands together and replied, “That’s right!”
Them was elated; he had answered a question about magic correctly.
Taylor ran a hand down the trunk of the tree with a thoughtful frown on her face. “On the dream plains, you can change the surroundings all you want, but you can’t change the form or shape of your soul. No matter how I make the plains look, this willow tree is hidden within them somewhere, and not even I know where until I begin searching for it.”
Them had the feeling that this information she was telling him was very personal. “Why are you telling me this?”
Taylor hugged her stomach. She looked very delicate and vulnerable. “Because you’ve been kind to me, and because I want you to stay here with me forever! I wouldn’t show all this to just anyone, you know!”
“Stay here forever?” Them repeated. The prospect seemed extremely desirable; he could stay in a beautiful land with a beautiful woman with nothing to do but make love forever—if she would let him--and he wasn’t sure he could ever get tired of that. “But it wouldn’t be real…”
Taylor frowned, crossing her arms. “So? What do you have to return to? I doubt anything can compare to this.”
Them chuckled. “Well, how about we meet in the real world? It may not be as beautiful, but it is real!”
Taylor’s frown turned into a scowl. “I won’t go to the real world.”
Them cocked his head to the side. “Why?”
“Because I don’t want to!” Taylor spat. “I’m happier here!”
“Calm down, it was just a suggestion…” Them replied. “I would like to stay, but I have a life in the real world. Speaking of which, you promised you would tell me how I ended up here, I still can’t remember.”
A miserable frown befell Taylor’s face. “But I don’t have a life outside of the dream world.”
Them didn’t follow what she was saying. Compassionately, he asked, “What do you mean…?”
Taylor didn’t answer. She brought her knees up to her chest and leaned into the willow, sniffling softly.
“Don’t cry…” Them whispered apologetically.
Crickets filled in the silence that followed.
Taylor wiped the tears from her eyes. A twitching smile overcame her frown. “Tell me something about yourself. Something important.”
“About me?” Them was surprised. “Well, there’s not much to know. I’m in my late twenties, I—”
“Something important!” Taylor cut him off impatiently.
Her voice had deepened; it was loud and made Them sweat with apprehension. He cleared his throat and said the thing that was foremost on his mind, “I want magic more than anything.”
Taylor’s mouth formed an exaggerated o.
She let her legs dangle again with a jubilant smile.
Them was perturbed by her whirlwind of changing emotions.
“Which would you like more? A kiss from me, or a portion of my magic?” Taylor asked giddily.
Seeing she was feeling better and that she was playing a game that he liked, he replied, “May I have both?”
Taylor swept her luscious, unbound hair behind her shoulder and crawled over to him.
When she was close enough, she pushed him down and pressed herself against him.
She was close enough for Them to admire everything that he found beautiful about her; her heart-shaped face, her sultry eyes, and her shapely breasts.
Taylor leaned in close, Them leaned in close, too.
Her playfulness had him fully charged with passion; he wanted nothing more than to strip her naked, but he knew he had to patient.
Her lips came closer and closer, until…
She blocked his kiss with her hand.
Them scowled and couldn’t contain a grumble of anger.
She cupped his face in her hands, bringing her face close to his ear. She whispered, “You want magic? You wish to love me?”
Them nodded, barely able to keep his hands to himself.
There was a long pause in which he was allowed to simply enjoy her body being on top of his; it was times like these that he was happy to be so small in comparison to every other races.
There’s so much more of her to explore. He thought to himself.
“You’ll never have either. You’ll never even kiss me on the lips again. This is the last kiss you’ll get from me.” Her warning terrified him, but he was too electrified to heed it.
She nibbled at his ear for a time. He found it impossibly stimulating for such an innocent act.
An eternity of pleasure passed. He closed his eyes, relaxing. Her kisses got rougher and deeper over time, until…
Them yelled when her teeth sank into his ear. She ripped off a chunk of it and spat it out.
He shoved her off.
Taylor climbed to her feet, looming over him with a pitiless expression.
“You want to know why you’re here? You’re here because I reached out to you and dragged you into the dream plains. I saw you dying in the cold, and I saved your worthless life.” Taylor said with her hands on her hips. “I can feel it in the back of your mind—I could feel it the moment I dragged you in here—you lost something very important in the real world, and you forgot about it because you care about me and your precious magic more than anything!”
Them remembered what he had forgotten.
“Pete!”
Taylor hugged the willow tree for comfort. She murmured, “Go ahead and leave, see if I care…”
Them was so moved by her resigned posture that he nearly stayed.
There she was, a lonely girl who preferred a dream to reality, and seemed to prefer being alone until he came along. And here he was, being selfish and abandoning her.
Weeping willow… Them thought to himself.
He thought he was done with her when she ripped a piece of his ear off, but now it occurred to him that he never wanted to be done with her.
Them wanted to be close to her. It wasn’t just that he wanted to see what was underneath her clothes; he wanted to see what lay deep beneath the surface of the skin of such a bizarre, wounded woman who wanted to hurt him just as much as she wanted to kiss him.
“I’ll be back.” Them promised, and then he gathered magic in his closed eyes, pinched himself, and imagined himself back in his own body.
His eyes opened. Them was lying in the middle of a snowstorm.
His ear stung—it felt wet.
Them sat up and realized that a chunk of his ear was still bitten off.
Chapter 61.2: Vulnerability
Pollyanna awoke with tearful eyes. She had accomplished her finest dream and had been content for so long since she had begun guarding the Arrozan family. But now…
Pollyanna smoothed her hair back, and, like she had since she began searching for Eory months back, felt how painfully empty her womb was.
Perhaps her dreams were changing, or perhaps she had always had a different dream. I can’t think of the baby I have lost. Not now.
Pollyanna grabbed her uniform and headed to the baths. Out in the hallway, She saw Eory ahead of her. She wanted nothing to do with him.
She couldn’t avoid him, however. He glanced back and noticed her; he slowed his own pace. She kept their conversation short. She warned him to be careful of Maruka and didn’t listen to whatever else he had to say.
Let us die together so we can both be freed from this painful bond between us. Pollyanna thought to herself.
She avoided him at the baths and during breakfast.
She sat between two other humans during breakfast and let Eory sit by Them, Eliita, and Terran.
She found that she wasn’t very hungry. She picked at her food and found herself rubbing her temples anxiously.
For the first time in a long time, Pollyanna felt directionless. She questioned herself and every decision she was making of late.
She had nothing left to do but think, and her thoughts were suffocating.
I loved you Fjorn. I loved you more than anything, and yet I… I find myself resenting you. There was no need for you to carve your name into me. Why should you withhold this simple pleasure of life from me? This pleasure that everyone should be entitled to? Why couldn’t you have loved me the way I loved you?
Them’s suggestion echoed in her mind. Perhaps you should find something you’re passionate about; something that has nothing to do with the Arrozans.
She was reminded of an empty womb at the memory of his words, and she felt her heart ache with a bottomless sadness. She was overwhelmed by her dredged-up, crippling femininity. Is there anything good about being a woman? She seethed.
She thought about herself thumbing away the speck of snow on Eory’s face. She thought of how he had given up his freedom for her. She thought of how he treated her as a human being instead of a sword.
Those were all such selfless, feminine acts, and those were the reasons she wanted him so badly. But at the same time, she knew that there was nothing good about being selfless. All it did was encourage abuse.
Pollyanna was the proof of that. She had agreed to selflessly sell herself to Klein so that her mother could live in luxury, and all it brought her was pain and misery.
But Eory had made her smile. He had made her feel alive, and he had shown her a kind of unconditional love that she hadn’t experienced since her father died.
Is there value in that? Pollyanna wondered with her eyes glistening.
She didn’t know if there was. All she knew was that she felt abandoned and betrayed by her charge. She felt like he had dragged her into the light, blinded her with it, and then casted her aside like she was nothing, simply because she couldn’t offer him the one thing a woman was good for.
She was drawn out of her reverie by the sound of lovely singing.
She turned her head and saw Eliita singing a song for all the recruits. Everyone began joining in, and eventually, the dwarfess climbed up on the table and started dancing. All the recruits clapped when she clapped, and all were smiling and laughing gaily.
A smile twitched at Pollyanna’s own lips. She has such power over them…
Feeling left out and wishing that she knew how to be as boisterous, attractive, and feminine as Eliita was, Pollyanna decided that it was time for her to leave.
As she headed for the door, the singing gradually became louder and louder. Pollyanna heard a scream and a loud clatter. With her hand on her blade, she turned around.
Eliita had been dragged down by her ankle onto the table by a large, human man. Terran unsheathed his blade as three more men climbed up on the table.
Eory watched, petrified in fear, and then he foolishly jumped into the fray—trying to help Eliita.
A black-haired human approached from behind, grabbing Eory and dragging him away.
Pollyanna turned away with her heart thudding.
Klein ripped her wedding dress, he shoved her against the wall.
She left the room despite Eory’s cries for help and a sharp pain piercing her heart. Let him handle himself. If he wishes to be a man, he needs to know that no one will come to his rescue any longer.
She went to be by herself, and rested in peaceful memories.
***
Flowers.
That’s what Pollyanna thought of when she thought of her father.
She remembered a day so clear and bright—perhaps the only perfect day that she had ever experienced—that she sometimes doubted it was real. It was one of those memories that Pollyanna had tucked away long ago like so many memories of her father, because she knew they made her weak.
About a mile away from their house was a patch of wild flowers on a grassy hillock. Her father liked to take her there when he had time. Together, they would pick flowers and rearrange them in ways that were pleasing to the eye.
Father, being sweet and kind like he liked to be, flattered his daughter as she created a pretty design with the flowers.
“Pollyanna, you have such a knack for this!” He exclaimed as he watched his daughter pick the flowers and form them into a complex, colorful design. “Where does this wonderful talent come from?”
Pollyanna snorted as she grabbed a handful of yellow flowers and completed the outline of the design by placing them between two pink flowers. “Come on, Daddy. This isn’t a talent. This is just for fun.”
Father frowned. He held out his arms. “Come here, Pollyanna.”
Pollyanna placed three more flowers, and then dashed over to her father and plopped down in his lap. Together, they looked up at the blue sky and enjoyed a gentle breeze. Pollyanna found that she was incredibly calm and sleepy as Father wrapped her in his strong arms.
“I have a question for you, Pollyanna. Why is it that you never say thank you to compliments? Why do you deny them?” Father asked.
“I don’t think I should take a compliment if I don’t deserve it, Daddy.” Pollyanna whispered sleepily.
“What makes you think you don’t deserve it?” Father asked.
“Mother says that I should only receive compliments when I’ve done something of value. I don’t think arranging flowers is something of value…” Pollyanna answered.
“Who says it isn’t of value? It’s made us smile, hasn’t it? That’s worth something, isn’t it?” Father replied.
Pollyanna thought as deeply as a child her age possibly could, and then she replied, “But it didn’t make us any money… I doubt that it will help me get married in the future, either.”
Father laughed. “You think so seriously for a girl your age! Don’t worry about money or marriage yet. Just concentrate on the things that make you happy for now.”
***
As Pollyanna headed for the gate and waited for the other recruits to arrive, she thought to herself, I’ve never had the chance to focus on the things that make me happy…
She realized just how much she would like to arrange flowers again.
Chapter Sixty-Two: Worry
Eory woke before the sun did later that night—twitching with excitement. He felt a surge of confidence that was very comfortable to him, and at the same time, scared him to no end. He kept thinking of the kiss Maruka had given him earlier. Evidently, the man had carried him back to his own bed after he had fallen asleep in the infirmary. Eory's arm was stitched up and bandaged, and he was glad that he had written down the word he had carved into his arm earlier that night.
He couldn’t stop imagining himself in bed with Pollyanna and Maruka at the same time. He couldn’t stop thinking about how wonderful it would be to have them both under such tight control that they wouldn’t mind such a prospect. He covered his face with his palms. I can’t stop these thoughts! Every moment I don’t hate myself—every moment I trust myself—they surge to the surface! Help me, Kori… Help me…
His fists clenched.
“I’m being good,” He said aloud to himself. “I’ve done nothing wrong."
He climbed out of bed, leaning his hands against the wall. He sank to the floor, looking up at the ceiling.
Why do I have to worry so much? Them doesn’t seem to worry this much, neither do Pollyanna or Terran or Eliita.
He realized that chastising himself for gaining some semblance of confidence was beyond cruel, and yet he couldn’t help himself. I shouldn’t hate myself so unfairly everyday. Thoughts are just thoughts; so long as I don’t act on them, I’ll be fine.
He looked at his empty sheets with a consternated frown.
His teeth sank into his arm. I’m just lonely… this dark instinct… Perhaps this is just what Arrozans think love is. Eory rubbed his tired eyes.
It was true; Eory didn’t know what love was. Kori never told him what it was, and he was still confused about what it was even now.
When he turned thirteen, he remembered having an odd thought about Pollyanna. It was far removed from his previous thoughts about her; his previous thoughts had all been about how brave and good she was, and how much he wanted to mirror that.
Kori had only read and told him stories about adventure and heroes at that point, but, when he turned thirteen, she read him a tale of romance.
There was kissing, which Eory had seen so little of that he barely remembered what it was. It gave him a warm, funny feeling in the pit of his stomach, but he couldn’t understand why.
“Why do people kiss, Kori?” He remembered himself asking her.
“Well… It depends on the people. When I kiss you on the forehead, it’s because I love you like I would…” Kori stopped herself. Eory didn’t like it when she referred to herself as his mother. “I love you as a friend. But these people in the book… They love each other because they want to have children together.”
She didn’t describe it much beyond that. She didn’t describe to him what having children entailed, or why it was important.
When Kori read him tales of romance, it gave him a good feeling. It gave him a feeling that he would like to be kissed, and that it was a harmless, good thing to be kissed.
But then the thought about Pollyanna occurred, and it didn't seem harmless anymore.
All illustrations of her depicted her so flatteringly. Most of the time, she was dressed in full armor, with long, flowing hair, clear, innocent blue eyes, and mighty muscles. Sometimes she was depicted more femininely, other times, there was hardly a distinction between her and a man.
But there was a particular illustration of her—an illustration of her in a low-cut dress with her legs exposed—that he found his mind turning to relentlessly.
His eyes were drawn to her chest, or, as he had eventually learned to call them on his own from the books he read, breasts. They gave him that same, funny, fuzzy feeling in his stomach, but there was an accompanying feeling that he didn’t like as well. A perverse feeling from between his legs. He found those feelings only occurred when he looked at Pollyanna, regardless of whether the illustrations depicted her as more feminine or more masculine, and no other illustrated women.
Her age enticed him, as did her muscles and skin color.
He found that he didn’t know what to do with those feelings, and that he wanted to ask Kori what he should do with them, but he didn’t want to get into trouble. He feared that his feelings were inappropriate—that they were evil things that only he thought due to his heritage--and that Kori would cut her visits short if he asked her about them.
So he pined after Pollyanna secretly, which made her all-the-more desirable to him. She was his only window into deep desires that he previously had no experience with. His wants were previously so surface-level and bland; he was glad to feel something so profound. Pollyanna reminded him of the eldest of the fairy goddesses—the gray-haired, powerful, and most compassionate of them. A strong, worn woman who could protect the mortals she loved.
He had to accept that Taylor was right. I don’t know what to do with a naked woman…
Innately, he knew how to be intimate with Pollyanna, but he didn’t know how to please her. He didn’t know how he would feel about it afterward, either—even if he could sleep with her, which he couldn’t. But the curiosity and the possible pleasure of it drove him to exasperated frustration.
There was always Maruka, who he found himself attracted to as well. It wasn’t a physical thing he found attractive about him, however. It was his kindness, but the fact that he was a man bothered Eory. It feels wrong being attracted to someone I can’t have children with.
Regardless, he knew he couldn’t get back to sleep unless he took a walk; his worries and frustrations would keep him awake.
The dark halls weren’t scaring him as much as they did earlier, which he was glad of. They were shadowy and scary, but he heard no evil creatures chittering at him. He had so many real worries on his mind that he had no reason to conjure monsters.
His large ears could pick up the whispers in the hallways so easily during the day. The other recruits whispered about the Arrozan family. They were hated even among criminals, and many of them would jump at the chance to finish off the last of his family line.
Those were just the beginnings of his worries.
He worried about joining the other recruits on the battlefield every moment that he drew breath. He was so inexperienced in everything he did, let alone fighting, that he knew he would be killed if he didn’t train harder with the bow.
His shoulders felt incredibly sore and heavy, his feet hurt from him clenching his toes too much while he was trying to sleep. His mind flitted to every little thing that bothered him, not just important things.
His heart skipped a beat everytime someone he didn’t know talked to him. For whatever reason, that was one of the biggest worries on his mind. It was one of the reasons why being torn from Kori was so difficult for him.
I’ve come far from hiding behind Pollyanna when we were at Castle Maribel, at least. He thought to himself, but that didn’t mean that he had gotten used to new people. He wasn’t even entirely used to Pollyanna. His whole body was just as overstimulated when he spoke to her as when he spoke to anyone else who wasn’t Kori. Why can’t I adjust? Why can’t I stop myself from being so scared of other people?
It was a mixture of things, he supposed. Everyone was hostile toward him due to his heritage, but it was a different kind of rejection he feared from them—one that didn’t make as much sense to him. He was afraid he would say something that would offend them—something that would make them reject him based solely on who he was, and not his heritage.
Are normal people this insane? Eory questioned as he sat down, cross-legged, in the lightless hallway. Tears formed at the corner of his eyes. I’m so tired. Please just let me sleep, goddesses. He prayed fervently.
His sleepless nights had only gotten worse since he had left the tower.
Sleeping was easy when he was a child and he still lived with his mother, father, and brother in Castle Maribel. Sleeping was harder when he got locked in the tower.
He had nothing to worry about, and yet he still worried to the point where sleep evaded him on many nights. He worried about the homework assignments Kori set deadlines for, he worried about being locked in a tower for the rest of his life, and he worried about the evilness within him hurting Kori.
He longed to feel heaviness close his eyes; he longed to feel his muscles relax, he longed to stretch his legs under a warm, soft blanket, and he longed to sleep peacefully throughout the night without being woken up by his own, worrisome thoughts. His mind turned back to his brief life in Castle Maribel.
A strange memory suddenly resurfaced from his family days. But it wasn’t his own memory, it must have been Taylor’s.
“Shall we have her marry her cousin?” Mother asked father while a young Taylor pressed her ear to their quarters.
“We can’t do that if we plan to make her a man.” Father replied. “We can have her marry one of the noblewomen.”
“No! It must only be family! We must not dilute our bloodline!” Mother hissed.
“There are so few of our bloodline left!” Father retorted. “We are getting killed off by disease faster than we can blink!”
There was silence, and then mother said lowly and threateningly. “Arrozan blood must stay pure above all else. We’ll make her cousin into a girl.”
Eory snapped back to reality. Black magic surged relentlessly in his veins at the uncovering of Taylor’s memory. His blood curdled, his stomach turned.
Pollyanna had told him while she related the tale of her past that his ancestors only married other Arrozans, but he didn’t know that they had kept the practice up to his birth.
He didn’t know why it was sick, but his body told him that it was. This new information exhausted him, he climbed to his feet shakily and went back to bed.
***
When he awoke, the things he had to do repeated endlessly in his mind as they had throughout the night. He felt if he didn’t get to them immediately, something horrible would happen. I should at least eat something before I continue trying to translate the word from Moonpool…
As if he were undead, he woodenly arose and headed to the bathing room.
Out in the hall, his fine hearing allowed him to hear the whispering of nearly every recruit who accompanied him on the way to the baths.
There was one dark-haired human whose whispers chilled him to the bone. He spoke of hurting Eory.
“When should we grab him?” The dark-haired man asked his dwarven friend.
Eory’s eyes widened. His eyes scanned the crowd, trying to see where the dark-haired human had gone to.
He stopped in his tracks. He decided to look for Pollyanna instead. She was behind him, looking at her feet as she walked.
Pollyanna looked uncertain—she didn’t look like her usual, confident self. She looked downright downtrodden. She was covered in bandages. His eyes widened.
He rushed to her side. “Pollyanna, what happened?”
Pollyanna looked away. “Oh, I was just a little clumsy on the battlefield.”
She sped up her pace—trying to get ahead of him. He sped up his pace, too.
Her manner was cold; it was as if she had forgotten the very intimate moments and conversations they had shared together. He touched her arm. “What’s wrong?”
Pollyanna looked at him expressionlessly. “Be careful with Maruka, Eory.”
She brushed past him.
“Pollyanna!” He called desperately.
She was already gone.
She’s angry. Eory’s heart nearly beat out of his chest at that fact; he went cold with terror at that fact. Don’t be angry…
Eory watched her and the rest of the recruits walk away until he was left alone in the hall.
***
Eory arrived at the baths just when many were leaving.
He looked around for the black-haired human.
Sweat poured down his forehead.
He nearly jumped out of his skin when he saw that the human had been staring at him since he had entered. The human’s face was low, his eyes were wild. Pollyanna, now fully clothed, was heading for the exit. Eory was relieved.
“Pollyanna! Wait, I—” She walked past him without a word.
His heart was pounding.
Even when everyone else was gone, the black-haired human and what appeared to be his friends remained.
Eory found that his legs were frozen.
The human’s friends approached him; he thought they were going to hurt him, but they left without a word.
The black-haired human alone remained.
He smirked at Eory. He approached him with a confident stride.
On his way out the door, he grabbed Eory’s collar and ripped it, exposing a shoulder.
He whispered in his ear, “Don’t be nervous on account of me.”
Eory didn’t look at the man. He was too scared to move or speak.
The human laughed. “Lighten up, Arrozan. Your body is hideous, I don’t want you.”
He left after that.
Eory’s whole body was trembling.
Frantically, he tore at the bracelet that blocked his magic. Please come off! Please! But the bracelet would not budge.
He shook with fear. No…
He took a bath, contemplating how he was going to defend himself without Pollyanna.
It took all his courage to head to the mess hall afterward. I can’t lose Pollyanna. I have to find out what’s wrong before she goes to the battlefield, even if it means facing the black-haired human.
His legs were shaking, but he found his strength in memories of his brother as he had before. He walked at a snail’s pace over to the mess hall. When he arrived, he grabbed a plate of food and looked for Pollyanna.
He went cold when he locked eyes with the black-haired human. His mouth wobbled in terror, but he managed to push through that terror due to his newfound confidence. When he spotted Pollyanna, he approached her confidently.
Pollyanna saw him coming and moved to a different seat when he tried to sit next to her. His mouth wobbled again; his eyes shone, but he refused to cry, despite feeling completely abandoned.
Them waved to him.
Touched by his kindness, Eory waved back with a shaking hand and sat next to Them instead. He felt the familiar fear of talking to someone who wasn’t Kori, but somehow pushed through it. “Hello, Them.”
Them looked disappointed for a moment, and Eory realized that the waif was hoping it would be Taylor speaking to him. He recovered in a moment. “Morning.”
Eory didn’t have much of an appetite; his stomach ached and gurgled. He was sure it wasn’t anything he ate.
Eory whispered, “Them, who is that black-haired human?”
“The wild-eyed one, you mean? I have no idea.”
Terran, who sat on Eory’s other side, took a bite out of his drumstick. “I do. His name is Ashaya, and word has it that the Arrozan family drove him mad.”
Chapter Sixty-Four: Friends
“The Arrozan family drove Ashaya mad…?” Eory repeated Terran’s sentence.
Terran nodded, feeling somewhat amused by Eory’s apparent shock. “You seem to find this surprising. You’ve spent most of your life being lectured on your family’s atrocities—why should you be surprised?”
Eory lowered his head in shame, unable to meet Terran’s eyes.
“Terran, be kind.” Eliita pleaded. “He is not like the rest of his family.”
Eory smiled, soothed and encouraged by the dwarfess’ understanding nature. “It’s okay, Eliita. I know my family did unforgivable, reprehensible things. It only makes sense that I should carry the burden of their mistakes as their last living heir. Please go on, Terran.”
Terran was impressed by the fairy’s response. He gave him a nod and a smile. “It is responsible for you to carry your family’s sins as your own burden. I think you’re holding your head higher every day and speaking easier, too.”
Eory blushed, hiding a smile at the elf’s praise.
Terran cleared his throat, “Ashaya’s whole family—the Heraths--were tortured and killed by your mother and father.”
Hearing of his family’s evil deeds never got easier. Eory leaned his forehead into his palm with his eyes closed.
Terran gave him the moment he needed.
Eliita interjected with compassion, “You’re not your parents. You shouldn’t feel bad for the pain they have caused.”
Eory took a deep breath. Gutturally, he choked out, “Why? Why would they do such a thing?”
Terran sighed. “It’s always the same story with your parents, Eory. The Heraths stood up to your father, and Pollyana tortured and killed them. Ashaya was also a victim of this torture. Pollyanna released him back into society as a broken, addled man to show everyone in Maribel the price of treason. He can’t possibly hope to take his revenge on Pollyanna, but he can hope to take it out on you. I don’t envy you, Eory. I think you’re sitting in a room full of people who hate you.”
Eory looked around.
He could have sworn that everyone in the hall was looking at him and whispering about him in that moment.
Eliita violently shoved an elbow into her lover’s side. She then turned to Eory with a bright, understanding face. “Don’t worry, we’ll protect you as best we can from anyone who means you harm. However, may I offer you some advice?”
Eory nodded eagerly.
“The best way to secure your safety is to try and show the people here that you are a good person—that you want to be everyone’s friend—and to do that, you have to try harder at making friends!” Eliita exclaimed.
“But… I don’t know how to make friends.”
“I think you do!” Eliita protested. “You have a friend in me, and Them likes you, and Pollyanna does, too! And even Terran likes you!”
At the mention of Pollyanna, Eory’s face fell. He took a sip of his orange juice, but otherwise could muster no words.
Them chimed in around a mouthful of eggs, “She doesn’t hate you, you know. She’s avoiding you because she wants you all to herself.”
Eory blushed, his heart thumped wildly. “…Wants me all to herself?”
Them wolfed down the bacon on his plate and swallowed. “You have a good thing going with her. She’s not as pretty as Maruka, but she’ll protect you no matter what. That’s invaluable.”
Eory’s eyes widened as he realized why Pollyanna was so angry. “She thinks I slept with Maruka?”
Eliita, Them, and Terran nodded in unison
Eory’s stomach twisted into knots; his shoulders slumped. I can’t lose her… Not over this.
“Well,” Them clarified. “I don’t necessarily think that she thinks you slept with him, but at the very least, she thinks you’re giving your affections to him instead of her.”
Terran snorted. “Who cares what Pollyanna wants or thinks. The woman is a monster. You’re better off with that wet blanket, Maruka, which is saying something.”
Silence befell the group for a time, and during that time, Eliita saw that Eory was not eating or drinking. Misery held him still. Compassionately, she said, “I don’t think you should abandon Pollyanna. It’s true that she’s not a good person, but there’s more to her than that. I think everyone deserves a second chance, and I strongly suspect that Pollyanna never got one. Maybe you should try taking care of her for a change. She’s looked after your family her entire life, after all.”
Terran rolled his eyes. “Eliita, we are not speaking of a redeemable woman! Why should he waste his time on someone who will always be a villain? Eory can’t fix her any more than he can fix his parents. In order to fix a woman like that, he would have to dig the evil out of her very soul, and I doubt that there would be an ounce of goodness left underneath all that evilness.”
Eliita stared blankly over Eory’s shoulder with a shake of her head and a deep frown. “You’re wrong, Terran. When I spoke to her—when I dressed her wounds--I saw a vulnerable, tearful woman; a woman who regretted the decisions she made. I didn’t see the cold, cruel eyes of a killer. I saw big, innocent eyes buried and camouflaged by twisted, wrinkled skin. There’s a good person in her, a good person that she has tossed aside in pursuit of being strong.”
Eory listened to Eliita with glistening eyes. “Her wounds—her bandages--Are they due to me?”
Eliita folded her arms on the table. She nodded. “I think so. She was distracted and couldn’t concentrate during the battle. After the battle, she was desperate to know some… Personal things about my relationship with Terran.”
Eory was befuddled. That sounds so unlike her…
At the thought of the old woman, wrapped in blood-soaked bandages, wounded inside and out due to his actions, he felt immensely guilty, but also…
Hateful of the foolish old woman. It’s her own damned fault she drank that potion. How am I to love a woman that I can’t even touch?
Eory flinched at his own thoughts.
He sank his teeth into his arm.
Them turned his nose up and tried not to blanch at the fairy’s bloodied teeth. 
He recovered in a moment and asked the question he wanted to ask. “How is Taylor? Is she still mad?”
Eory’s mind was awash in white fear. Learning of the pain he had caused Pollyanna was hard enough, but having to tell Them that he killed Taylor would be too much for him in one day.
The fairy hugged his aching stomach. “She’s decided to rest and let me take over for a time.”
Them looked the sorriest that Eory had ever seen him look. He cleared his throat. “If you see her, please tell her that I’m sorry. I’m guilty of thinking that she slept with Maruka the same as Pollyanna. I shouldn’t have gotten so angry at her; even if you or she slept with Maruka, it shouldn’t matter to me. We’re not lovers, after all. I was blinded by jealousy, and I shouldn’t have been.”
Eory crossed his arms. He kept his eyes glued to his lap.
He felt a rage building within him that he had trouble fighting.
His fists clenched. “Taylor had no involvement with Maruka at all. It was only me. You and Pollyanna are so quick to accuse me of sleeping around to get my way. Why do you think so little of me?”
Them smiled and shook his head. “I don’t think little of you. I know you and Taylor are very shy… It’s just that Taylor plays hard to get very well, and sometimes I forget that it’s only a game we play! Please forgive me, Eory, and ask Taylor to forgive me, too. I didn’t mean to hurt her.”
Eory took a deep breath and tried to calm the anger pounding in his head and veins. He forced a smile. “I’ll tell her.”
They seem to view me as little more than a pretty object to be slept with.
For a time, the group ate in silence. Eory picked at his food. He could feel black magic seething under his skin, pushing on it, trying to escape.
The whole hall had suddenly gone quiet and somber.
Eliita wanted to liven everyone’s spirits. “You know what we can do to become friends with everyone, Eory? We can cheer them up with a song! I know so many dwarven songs!”
The dwarfess started singing before Eory could protest.
The song started off somber, but then grew louder and happier. Fearlessly, Eliita climbed up on the table, stomping her feet and clapping her hands in time with the lyrics.
She sang of exploration and dreams, of tall heights and great feats, and every head in the hall turned to look and listen to her sweet voice.
Everyone joined in, even Eory himself. He felt a sense of community and warmth that he never had before. Eliita looked down at him and offered him a hand, suggesting that he climb up on the table with her.
Eory turned beet red in the face, shaking his head.
Eliita giggled. Not taking no for an answer, she grabbed his wrist and began pulling him up without his permission. Once he was up on the table, his vision swum for a moment, looking at how many eyes were upon him. However, after a moment, he recognized it was not him they were looking at. It was Eliita. The tower was filled almost entirely with males, and there were only a few females around. Eliita, with her silken skin, her short height, and her large hips and breasts, was perhaps the most feminine thing around, and all eyes were drawn to her. Recognizing this gave him confidence. 
He began dancing, too, and singing more loudly--even though he was horribly off-key. Eory enjoyed being apart of something for a moment, but then he saw the human, Ashaya, whispering something to his friends. 
Before he could recognize what was happening, Eliita was dragged down to the table by her ankle, three unruly men climbed up on it, starting to tear at her clothes.
For once, Eory was brave. He shoved a man off her with a kick while Terran unsheathed his blade, ready to slay the men if it came to it. The fairy was about to try and haul another man off her when he was grabbed from behind and dragged off the table.
While Terran fought off three men who were tearing at Eliita’s clothes, Eory was dragged away, unnoticed, in the confusion. He screamed for help, but everyone was preoccupied with Eliita.
He saw Pollyanna heading for the exit. She turned around, looking his way.
“Pollyanna! Help me, please!” Eory shrieked.
Pollyanna looked completely drained and uncaring. She turned back to the entrance and went on her way.
“No skirt to hide behind this time. Today, you’re mine.” Ashaya whispered venomously.
Eory was shaking. His body went limp as he watched the one person who he thought was completely loyal to him walk away.
I should have ordered her to save me… He thought to himself.
Ashaya dragged him through the entrance on the opposite side of the room while the entire hall erupted into a loud din of yelling and fighting.
Eory was too devastated to care about what Ashaya had planned for him.
“If your family and Pollyanna can’t feel the pain they have caused me, then you will.”
Eory’s mind went blank as Ashaya dragged him to a cleaning closet with a broom and bucket that was barely big enough for two people.
The human threw him against the wall, unsheathing his blade and licking his lips.
Eory spun around, facing Ashaya and pasting himself against the wall.
The human lifted his blade slowly, pressing the cold, sharp steel lightly against the fairy’s neck.
Eory sniffled, turning his head away from the blade.
“Beg for your life.” Ashaya demanded. “Beg for your life the same way my family begged yours.”
Eory sank to his knees, doing as he was commanded. “Please. Please let me go. I promise that I’m not like my family! I want to be good! I’m trying to save us all!”
Ashaya sneered and laughed in his face. “Turn around. Press your hands against the wall.”
Shakily, Eory obeyed, pressing his cheek and hands to the wall.
The sword poked Eory’s left shoulder.
This is it. Eory thought with a whimper. No one will protect me now.
The door flew open. Terran grabbed the human by the shoulders—turning him away from Eory and shoving him out the door.
Ashaya growled. The wild-eyed man sheathed his blade and dashed by Eliita and Them who were crowding the entrance of the cleaning closet.
Eory breathed deeply, trying to calm himself. He wiped his eyes with a wobbly smile. Shakily, he stood up. Without hesitation, he threw his arms around Terran--causing his bandaged arm to momentarily flare with pain. “You saved me! You saved me!”
Terran couldn’t deny the genuine warmth he felt from the fairy’s thanks.
He patted his back and said, “To be fair, Them was the one who led me to you after I rescued Eliita.”
Them waved at him from outside the open door. Eory waved back with a sobbing chuckle.
Eory cocked his head to the side. “Are you okay, Eliita?”
The dwarfess nodded. “I need to be more careful, though. Sometimes I forget that I’m one of the only women in a sea full of violent men.”
Terran turned to her with a glare. “Yes, you do. If you had died, I wouldn’t know what to do with myself.”
Eliita looked at the waif, elf and fairy with a contented smile. “You would be alright. I think you’ve made friends, after all.”
Eory looked at Eliita, Terran and Them. His tears of sadness were replaced with tears of joy. I’ve made friends…?
Terran ruffled the fairy’s hair. “We three better get going to the battlefield. I expect you to do more practicing with a bow while we’re gone, Eory.”
Eory nodded eagerly.
And for the first time, he had a feeling that he wanted to join them on the battlefield. Not out of some sense of moral obligation or having to prove himself, but because he enjoyed their company and wanted to be near them to make sure they came back alive.
It was one of the greatest feelings he had ever had.
***
Eory practiced with a bow for an hour while the other recruits fought off the doppelgangers. He felt good; he felt like he could do anything, and his aim reflected that. His arm still stung a little from the word he had carved into it the previous day, but he moved it gently so as not to reopen the wound.
He was not a perfect shot by any means, but he hit the mannequin every time he fired an arrow, even if it wasn’t where the fiery heart of a doppelganger would be.
“You’re getting much b-better.” A familiar voice echoed throughout the training hall.
Eory turned around and saw Maruka leaning against the door frame. “D-do y-you want to take a break and come paint that room some more?”
Eory put the bow back on the weapons and then collected the arrows he had fired, putting them on the weapons rack, too. He nodded to Maruka and felt excited about spending more time with him.
At the back of his mind was Pollyanna. He loved her, and that wouldn’t change, but he couldn’t have her. By her own choices, he couldn’t have her.
But Maruka had made no rash or foolish decisions. He had been open and kind to Eory and had not abandoned him the way Pollyanna had. Eory marched toward him with a happy gait, intending to walk by the selkie, but Maruka caught him by the wrist and spun him into an embrace.
Eory went rigid with a frown on his face.
Maruka cleared his throat and released the fairy. “I’m s-sorry. You just looked so h-happy...”
Eory’s eyes scrunched up in a smile. He kissed the selkie’s cheek. “It’s okay. I liked it.” Eory turned around and began walking toward the staircase. Maruka followed afterward.
Chapter Sixty-Five: Risk and Reward
Terran arrived on the battlefield with Eliita, Pollyanna, and one-hundred other recruits in tow. Maruka was not present. Instead, a human woman named Rienna was their captain for the shift.
There were at least one-hundred doppelgangers on the battlefield, matching the number of recruits. For a moment, Terran felt overwhelmed. However, his willpower to protect Eliita overcame any fears he had about the coming battle. He relaxed.
“Stay close, Eliita.” Terran whispered.
Eliita nodded with an audible gulp. She moved closer to her lover.
Rienna directed her troops to stick close to the fortress as the Doppelgangers came closer and closer. Their pace was deceivingly slow at first, and then became inhumanly fast all at once.
“Renthas,” Rienna muttered. “These ones are fast! Attack!”
The doppelgangers who were previously specks on the barren horizon were now just three yards away now, and quickly closing that gap.
Pollyanna was itching for a fight, and Terran was glad of it; the more doppelgangers she killed, the safer he and Eliita would be.
The old woman launched herself into battle. She was far more concentrated than she was the day before.
She collided with the doppelgangers with flawless form and graceful maneuvers. She predicted their movements—ducking under the blade of one doppelganger while slicing the legs off another.
Terran joined her in the fray, and, up from above, watery arrows from the waif, Them, and the other archers consistently pierced the flaming hearts of the doppelgangers, allowing Terran to slay many of them for good.
Terran was a great warrior and couldn’t help but relish a fight the same way Pollyanna did. He knew he would never be her equal in battle, but the elf was spurred on to challenge her body count nonetheless. He slew as many doppelgangers as he possibly could, keeping track of the number he slew in his mind.
The fight beckoned him like it did all men. It quickened his pulse, it heightened his concentration, it made him feel alive. The elf threw himself into a battle against two doppelgangers. Them pierced their fiery hearts from up above which allowed the elf to cut through them with a horizontal slice. Five more doppelgangers spawned and surrounded him.
Terran licked his lips, excited by the challenge.
He was entirely aware of his surroundings; he was made to always be aware of them when he was trained to become a part of the Elven Queen’s guard. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the doppelganger on his right moving its hand.
Quick as a snake, Terran grabbed the shadowy creature’s wrist, dragging it toward him and shoving his elbow into its gut. The creature was knocked into the doppelganger next to it; both tumbled to the ground where arrows extinguished the flames in their hearts.
The other three tightened the circle around Terran. They swung their blades. 
Terran sidestepped to the left out of the circle, barely managing to block the swords of the two doppelgangers on his left. His muscles began to give way as the doppelgangers pushed harder on his sword. The third doppelganger got ready to swing its blade; another doppelganger spawned behind Terran. He was surrounded.
An arrow pierced the heart of the doppelganger who appeared behind Terran—an axe buried itself in the back of the doppelganger who was about to stab him in his side. The doppelganger collapsed into the dirt, revealing Eliita standing behind it.
The dwarfess pulled her axe out of the doppelganger’s back, winking at Terran. With a mighty swing, the dwarfess planted her axe in the back of the other doppelganger who had her lover pinned.
With only one of the doppelgangers remaining, Terran pushed back against the blade with ease. The creature lost its balance, Terran swung his blade through its shadowy neck. He panted, wiping the sweat from his brow. He nodded to Eliita.
There was no time to rest, however.
“We have a spider!” Rienna shouted.
Terran spun around. A doppelganger was climbing up the smooth surface of the iron fortress faster than Terran could blink.
Arrows sang vertically through the air, but the creature contorted in odd fashions; jerking its body left and right, avoiding the arrows.
It skittered over the top of the battlements, causing screams and an uproar from the recruits. The captain on top of the battlements gained control of the situation by shouting commands even as three of the archers were sliced across the stomach when the doppelganger did a spin with its blade.
Realizing there was nothing he could do to help the recruits up on the battlements, Terran turned his attention back to the battle around him. Pollyanna was dueling a dozen of the doppelgangers by herself, and she wasn’t breaking a sweat.
She was inhumanly fast in her movements as well as inhumanly strong. It was as if she could predict the movement of every doppelganger before it happened.
Seeing that the old woman needed no help, Terran and Eliita joined two recruits who were getting overwhelmed by six doppelgangers. After dispatching the doppelgangers and saving their lives, Terran surveyed the battlefield.
There were still at least fifty doppelgangers on the battlefield. Terran didn’t panic and refused to feel overwhelmed; he was trained too well and was far too used to the fray. Terran saw three more ‘spiders’ as Rienna called them dashing toward the fortress.
A flurry of arrows attempted to stop them, but the creatures were too fast.
Terran aimed his blade, intending to launch it at one of the spiders, but Pollyanna beat him to it. Using her greater speed, the warrior-maiden threw herself in the way of the fortress with a battle cry that resounded throughout the battlefield. She sliced the creature’s head off with such a fast, fluid movement that Terran could barely detect it. When she was concentrated, the woman was unstoppable. Watery arrows pierced the headless creature’s fiery heart, putting it down for good.
At the end of their shift, five recruits had died, and one-hundred doppelgangers had died.
***
Around dinner time, Terran was glad to see that the waif, Them, had survived. He had received a small cut across his forearm that was wrapped in a bandage, but was otherwise unharmed. Terran took his place next to the waif, and Eliita took her place next to Terran.
“I see you got your first battle scar.” Terran said to Them.
Them snorted. “Please, I’ve gotten plenty of scars before. Some from angry women, others from angry muggers!”
Terran rolled his eyes, but allowed himself to chuckle. He felt like he had earned a chuckle, a good dinner, and the company of friends. He enjoyed this simple moment of pleasure, despite niggling thoughts that had been creeping up on him all day.
Terran wasn’t one to dwell, but something about his interaction with Eory earlier made him fixate on previous memories with his brother, Francis. They were a lot alike, and Terran felt a need to defend and protect the fairy the same way he did Francis. It wasn’t just the fact that both of them were neither entirely male nor female, it was their attitudes and personalities.
They’re both so naïve and… helpless. Terran mused to himself.
As if she were in the same room as him, he could hear his mother’s voice beckoning him into a memory.
“Little brother is hungry, Terran!” He remembered mother calling when Terran was fifteen and Francis was ten.
Terran ran down the stairs in an oversized night shirt and helped mother make breakfast. Francis, in the meanwhile, sat at the table and did the things that all annoying little kids did. He sang, swayed his legs back and forth, and asked his big brother endless, inane questions while Terran fried up some eggs over the fire pit.
“What’s the academy like, Terry?” Francis asked, using his brother’s pet name.
“Clean and uptight.” Terran replied.
“Where’s dad, Terry?” Francis queried as he whistled as loudly as he could muster.
Terran rolled his eyes. “Guarding the queen like he always is around this time.”
“When can I join you at the academy, Terry?” Francis asked for what felt like the thirtieth time that week.
Terran frowned. “Francis… You know we can’t let you attend the academy. Stay here with mom where you’ll be safe.”
Francis pouted, crossing his arms. “For how long? Until I’m an old man with gray hair?”
Mother pressed a worried hand to her heart, silently pleading to Terran to turn Francis away from his foolish dreams.
“You know the dangers, Francis. If they find out about you…” Terran began to lecture.
Francis puffed his cheeks out, leaning his chin into his palms. “Nobody would find out, I promise! I’ll be careful! It’s not fair that I have to spend all my time cooped up indoors… It’s not my fault that I’m a mistake…”
Mother’s eyes glistened with tears. She turned away with a sob.
Terran’s gaze lifted from the eggs he was cooking to his mother’s back.
“You’ve upset mother!” Terran scolded Francis.
“I’m sorry!” Mother sniffled and ran out of the room.
“I don’t see why she’s upset… I’m the one who has to stay at home all day since I’m a mistake.” Francis’ voice was choked with shame.
Terran was unbelievably stressed. He felt like he was responsible for both his mother and his brother because their father was gone all day.
Terran finished cooking breakfast in silence and then plopped a plate of eggs and bacon in front of his brother. He took a seat in the chair across from Francis’.
“I’m not hungry…” Francis claimed.
Terran crossed his arms with a smirk. “Oh really?”
Francis glanced down at his plate. His mouth watered. He licked his lips.
Francis defiantly said, “You’re going to be late to the academy!”
“That’s fine. I’d rather make sure that my brother doesn’t starve to death.” Terran looked up at the ceiling, whistling cheerfully.
Francis couldn’t tear his eyes away from the tasty meal.
“Fine!” Francis said petulantly while stuffing a piece of bacon into his mouth.
Terran chuckled. “I knew you couldn’t resist!”
Francis ate in silence for a time while Terran thought of how he would broach an uncomfortable subject with someone so young.
Eventually, Terran said, “Francis, please… be kind to mother. She already feels like a horrible person for keeping you locked inside all day. Be kind to yourself, too. It hurts me and mother to no end when you call yourself a mistake.”
Francis kept his eyes glued to his plate. He muttered, “But I am a mistake…”
Terran shook his head. “No one in this house believes that but you.”
“But everyone outside the house thinks it.” Francis countered.
“Who cares what they think?” Terran said. “We elves worship nature. Nature has chosen to make you different—to make you special. You are not a mistake.”
Francis lifted his eyes, holding his head high for the briefest of moments due to his brother’s encouragement.
“Terran?” Eliita interrupted his reverie and brought him back to reality. “Are you done eating?”
Terran snapped out of his reverie. He saw that Them had switched tables--he was now eating at the same table as Pollyanna--and that most of the recruits and Pete had left the mess hall and had presumably gone to bed.
Terran nodded without a word to Eliita. It was time for bed.
***
Terran crawled under his covers and waited for Eliita.
He kept thinking of Eory. He had an innate need to look after him and take care of him, just like he did Francis. He toiled endlessly to keep his little brother happy at the expense of his own happiness. He was at his most fulfilled and miserable when he was taking care of his brother. Francis loathed himself, the same as Eory, and having to constantly coddle and lift his brother up was exhausting, and yet addictingly rewarding.
His door clicked open after a time, blessedly turning Terran’s mind from such bittersweet memories. Eliita padded over to the other side of the bed and crawled under the covers.
“Thank the stars that you’re here,” Terran said, wrapping her in his arms. “I don’t think I can sleep without you.”
Terran loved that she still blushed when he talked about her like she was some sort of goddess.
“You seem to need me tonight more than ever. What’s with the tight hug?” Eliita asked.
Terran kissed her forehead and murmured, “It’s the fairy. He reminds me of Francis. Both are mistakes of nature. Both are nuisances.”
“They can’t help the way that they were born…” Eliita replied, kissing his nose.
“That’s the problem. People like them are cursed by nature itself to never find peace within themselves. Because they are neither male nor female, they are doomed to try and emulate those who are fully male or female but will never succeed in their attempts.” Terran retorted. "I want to forget about them both.”
Eliita shook her head with a laugh. “Terran… You know as well as I that you can’t forget about your brother. You see him in Eory. I saw the warmth in your eyes when he hugged you and when you ruffled his hair. You wanted him to be Francis in that moment, didn’t you? You accuse them of not being full people, but I don’t think you’ve been a full person since you lost Francis. You feel somehow responsible for what happened, didn’t you?”
Terran felt very old, just then, despite only being in his thirties. “I spent all of my life shielding him from the cruel fate of being Andillian, and in the end, he ended up being a prostitute and landing me in this horrible place… He made the same choices as Eory. He would rather sacrifice his dignity and happiness than live safely.”
“They were both living in prisons. They were comfortable prisons, but prisons nonetheless. Can you blame them for wanting their freedom?” Eliita asked.
Terran snorted with a grin. “I hate how much sense you make.”
Eliita giggled in response.
Terran closed his eyes with a yawn. “I may hate him, but I hope that Francis is alive and well, wherever he may be on Yharos.”
The two listened to silence for a moment, enjoying the relaxation and peace of it.
“Terran, I feel like Eory could use a friend right now—a friend who can show him how to be a man—you’ll be kind to him, won’t you?” Ellita asked, tucking her head under his chin and batting her eyes.
Terran stared forward with a forlorn frown. “Caring for people who aren’t you is exhausting, but…. I suppose I’ll be friendly toward him, but I will not become overly involved with him.”
“Very well…” Eliita murmured.
The two basked in each other’s warmth; feeling untouchably safe and inextricably woven together. “Do you ever regret it, Eliita?”
“Regret what?” The dwarfess replied.
“Giving up your title and riches to live a life of a criminal with me?” Terran asked.
Eliita grinned, shaking her head. “My previous life was a good life, but any moment spent with you is an incomparable moment spent in bliss.”
Eliita kissed his neck, Terran pulled her closer.
“You know where that leads! And yet you do it every night?” Terran exclaimed teasingly.
“What? Are you tired of it?” Eliita asked flirtatiously.
Terran shook his head. “Never.”
Chapter Sixty-Six: Gray Sky 
Francis sneezed as he gazed into the remarkably green eyes of the fairy, Casamir, and the red, elliptical eyes of the dragon that the fairy’s arms were wrapped around. Francis felt that he should be far more frightened than he was as he stared his very-probable-doom in the eyes, but he was too preoccupied with his sickness to care about anything other than how cold he was and how runny his nose was.
The elf shivered, hugging his stomach.
Kori looked up at him worriedly. She touched his arm with a trembling hand. Unlike him, however, she was not shivering with sickness, she was shivering with fear. Francis said to the fairy, “We have nothing of yours. Just let us go.”
Casamir looked at the elf with such intensity that Francis felt as if he were gazing into his soul. “I am looking for a child. A fairy child with red eyes and golden hair. Have you seen him?”
Kori and Francis glanced at each other, and then back at the fairy. Kori said, “We have seen no such child.”
Casamir’s eyes narrowed. Black magic pooled in his green eyes. “What do you think, Anyanantan? Is she lying?”
The dragon dug its claws deeper into the earth, baring its teeth. “There’s no way to be sure. I’m hungry. Let’s eat them.”
“Not a bad idea, Anya.” Casamir replied. “But I don’t like to kill needlessly, and you did just eat a lot of horses.”
“So you’re the one who ate our horses while we slept, then?” Terrance interjected angrily.
“Anya was hungry. She has to eat, after all.” Casamir replied, rubbing his cheek against the dragon’s neck lovingly.
“Damned monster…” Terrance spat.
“What did you call her?” Casamir unwrapped his arms from the dragon’s neck and held two smoking balls of black fire in his hands.
Kori quickly intervened. She curtsied, falling on one knee. “Please forgive our insolence. As we have told you, we have seen no fairy child with red eyes, and, as you can plainly see, we hold no such child captive.”
Hew watched the situation unfold with his characteristic silence and expressionlessness. Francis could tell that the man was trying to think of a means of escape.
Casamir was charmed by Kori’s polite nature. The black fire faded from his eyes. “I suppose you’re correct… I see no child with you. What do you say, Anya? Shall we let them go? Or do you want to eat them?”
Anyananta shook her head. “I see an opportunity for you here, Cas—there is almost one of every species we need here. It is time for you to complete the ritual. There is no other way for you to become fully dragon.”
Casamir turned to the dragon and shoved his hands--lit with black fire--into the dragon. He snarled, “I am a dragon!”
The black fire scorched the dragon’s scales but did not otherwise harm her. She replied calmly, “It is true that you have adopted our culture and our ways, but you do not walk or talk like a dragon, neither do you fly like a dragon.”
“But I have the heart of a dragon!” The fairy retorted. “I do not need to prove that I am one!”
Francis, despite how weak and sick he felt, was now frightened. It wasn’t death he was afraid of; it was this bizarre pair of fairy and dragon. They made him feel sick to his stomach--he felt like, if they were going to kill him, they would kill him in the most brutal way possible. 
“It is true that you don’t have to prove that you are a dragon to me, but you must prove it to the others.” Anyananta grumbled. “You are of age. The time to prove that you are a man is now.”
“But what of the child? Is it not important to find him?” Casamir protested. “The ritual can be completed any time.”
“Are you afraid? Surely you wish to be mated as much as I do.” Anyananta replied, goading the fairy. “The child can wait.”
Casamir gazed at the dragon flirtatiously, tickling the creature’s chin. “We have already been mated in secret, remember…?” Casamir’s mouth opened wide, his lips came close to the dragon’s cheek.
Every two-legged creature but for the fairy felt sick to their stomach at the scene. Francis nearly blanched. The kiss was interrupted when the dragon slammed its foot down on the fairy’s torso--lightly enough so it wouldn’t seriously harm him, but hard enough to make a point. “Do not tempt me. We must be mated if we are to maintain the honor of being Evanskoll Dragons.”
Casamir turned ashen. There was silence for a time. Eventually, the fairy cleared his throat and replied, “Very well, Anya. Let me up.”
Slowly, the dragon lifted its claw, releasing the fairy. His heart was pounding; he lay where the dragon had pinned him for a moment. He regained his composure quickly, standing up and looping his arms around Ayananta’s neck again.
“Let’s see… For the ritual, we have a human, an elf, and a waif here. Shall we fly to the dwarven kingdom to fetch a dwarf?”
Anyananta huffed smoke out its nostrils. “No. We will head back to Evanskoll to keep the creatures we have found here in cpativity. A dwarf can be found later.”
The fairy looked somewhat perturbed, but he kept his composure. “Very well.”
He turned to Francis and the others. “You all are going to be apart of a ritual to help me become a man and a dragon. Isn’t that exciting? You could run, but if you want to live, I suggest you hop on Anya’s back.”
No one moved despite Casamir’s threat.
Casamir tapped his foot impatiently. “Did you not hear me? If you don’t get on Anyananta’s back, then she will kill you all.”
“Of course.” The dragon grumbled.
Kori, being the bold creature that she was, stepped forward and spoke on everyone’s behalf. “At least tell us what this ritual is. Tell us what you plan to do with us.”
Casamir did not look impressed. “I just said what the ritual was: It’s a ritual to make me into a man. You will not be harmed. Besides… You’re in no position to be making demands. I don’t have to tell you more if I don’t want to.”
“I think we have a damned right to know what this ritual entails! More than that, I think we have a right to go free! We have done nothing to you!” Kori’s fists were clenched. She was furious at all these interlopers intervening on a task that should have been quick.
Casamir leaned his elbow on Anyananta’s shoulder. “For one so tiny and powerless, you certainly are rude and outspoken. I’ll give you until the count of three, and if you all are not on Anya’s back by then, then you’ll be in her belly instead.”
Hew wordlessly climbed up on the dragon’s back, Terrance following after. Tears came unbidden to Francis’ eyes as he approached the dragon. He wiped them away with a sneeze and then climbed up behind Terrance.
Kori was the only one who had not moved from where she stood.
Her head was lowered; her face was in shadow. She shook with anger and sadness. She looked up, unable to remove her compassionate gaze from Francis’ teary face. She was responsible for dragging Francis into such a deadly situation, and he could tell that she deeply regretted it.
“I am so… Sick of people like you!” Kori couldn’t stop herself from speaking her mind to Casamir. “There are things I need to do that are bigger than your petty problems! First Hew comes along and selfishly diverts me from my goal of saving a kingdom full of innocent people from a possible war for his own gains, and now you aim to do the same thing! Don’t you people care about anything other than yourselves? Even my own king cares nothing for his kingdom—he would rather execute an innocent elf than have to pay off our monthly debt! You are all bullies and narcissists!”
Casamir threw his head back and laughed. “Your problems are of no interest to me! Call me whatever you will, resent me if you wish, that doesn’t change the fact that you are powerless before me. I care nothing for a kingdom full of tiny creatures like humans and fairies. I am bigger than them. I am a dragon.”
Kori closed her eyes, rubbing her temples.
“Kori…” Francis whispered. “There’s nothing we can do…”
Kori opened her eyes. She folded her arms across her chest, trudging to the side of the dragon. “Power. That’s all you fools care about. It’s the only thing that gives you pleasure and satisfaction. What none of you realize is that power is short-lived—it only lasts as long as you have control over someone else—and you’ll find that you’ll run out of people who are willing to be controlled very quickly.”
Francis listened to her with rapt attention despite his foggy mind. Her words held him captive. She climbed up on the dragon behind Francis.
Casamir snorted. “You have a strange misconception about power, waif.”
The fairy was the last to climb up on the dragon.
Anyananta bounded forward through the forest with mighty leaps.
“Hold on.” Casamir said bluntly.
Everyone grabbed ahold of the dragon’s mighty, brown that trailed all the way down her back. With three more mighty bounds, the dragon flapped her wings and took to the air.
***
When he was little, Francis often dreamed of what it might be like to ride a dragon. He told Terran that it was one of his finest wishes.
Terran scoffed at his dream like he did most of his brother’s dreams. “Oh, Francis. Dragon’s are vile, vicious creatures, I highly doubt one would let you ride on its back. You’d best stick to the ground.”
Francis didn’t like the ground. He thought it was too boring and too restricting. He wanted to cast off the shackles of being both male and female and take flight to a place where he might be accepted—a place where he could lead an exciting life and do what he wanted to do.
He didn’t mind spending all his time indoors at first; in fact, he liked being doted on by mother, brother, and father.
Mother played with him all day; she sewed him dolls, she played wooden cavalry with him, and she bade Francis to pretend the floor was lava with her as they jumped from piece of furniture to piece of furniture.
Terran was a different story.
He always looked haggard. He was always working hard and helping to take care of their mother because she tended to be flighty and forgetful, and Francis because he was so young. Terran would come home from the academy to a home that was filthy and a mother that told him that she forgot to make Francis any food. He would have to clean up and cook dinner, and after, he would read Francis a story to put him to sleep.
Francis admired that about him. He admired it so much that he decided, early on, that he wanted to be a man instead of a woman.
“You are special,” mother had told him. “You are both male and female, which means you have the chance to decide which you want to be. So… Are you male or female?”
“I want to be like Terran!” Francis exclaimed. “Terran is strong!”
Mother giggled at that. “He is at that! Very well, then you will be male!”
But as time went on, Francis began to resent his brother’s protection and love. He spent all his life staring at walls, rarely being let out of his childhood home for fear that someone might guess that he was a mistake, as they were very easy to spot.
Francis would get so bored that he would spend hours just looking up at the ceiling—counting the tiles and imagining the blue sky hidden behind them. After he and his brother had a falling out, Francis decided that he had had enough of being held captive by his family. He snuck out in the dead of night at the age of fourteen—intending to find his very own piece of blue sky, and, if he were lucky, perhaps he would find a dragon to ride, too.
***
Francis clung to the dragon’s mane as she careened through the sky. Francis’ dream of riding a dragon and seeing the blue sky had come true, but it was nothing how he had imagined it when he was little.
The blue sky was made gray by the clouds covering it; the flight was bumpy, freezing, and unpleasant. It didn’t help that his nose was running and his forehead felt hot and feverish.
Francis snorted at his own dreams. Terran was right. I should have kept my head on the ground. Perhaps then, I…
Francis thought of the lovely Queen of Alanheim. All he wanted was her love, her praise, and most of all, her respect. Perhaps if he had kept his head on the ground instead of in the air, he would have realized that he would never have it. Francis felt the waif’s tiny arms tighten around his stomach; he felt her cheek lean into his back. Francis never respected women as much as he did men. They were a silent, delicate, sweet, and soft sort. They melted into the background, unnoticed and unappreciated. 
Francis chose to be a man because he thought he needed to be one in order to make a difference. Every famous hero, scribe, scholar, artist, and knight he had every read about had been a man, after all.
But Kori was different. She made him appreciate the strengths and talents of women like no other woman did. She was supportive and selfless, caring and humble. She was a hero in her own right, despite lacking the great physical strength of one. She was doing everything she could to save as many people as she could, including him. He had wanted to cling to being a man so badly throughout his life that he consciously forced himself to be the opposite of a woman, despite the fact that it never made him feel at ease like he hoped it would.
None of it matters, now, I suppose. It looks like my curse has finally done me in. To think, if I had just been entirely male or female, none of this would have happened.
Kori’s hands were freezing. Francis glanced back at her. Tears were running down her wrinkled face. She looked apologetically up at him.
Francis faced forward. He wrapped Kori’s hand in his.
***
Anyananta landed when night fell.
Casamir dismounted and planted his hands on his hips, gazing at his captives. “We still have three days to go before we arrive at Evanskoll. We must rest for the night. Isn’t that right, Anya?”
Francis turned his nose up but said nothing. He slid down the dragon’s thigh, falling on his rump due to his fuzzy mind and weakened reflexes. He stood up shakily and sat down, cross-legged, in front of the dragon and the fairy.
“C-can we make a fire?” Francis asked. “It’s freezing.”
Elegantly, Kori gently slid down the dragon’s leg and ran to Francis’ side. “Of course we can make a fire.” She turned to Casamir and Anyananta. “Francis is sick, he needs warmth.”
Casamir smirked. “That’s not really up to you, now is it, waif?”
“I’m making him a fire! You can kill me if you want!” She put a hand on Francis’ shoulder and another hand on his forehead. “Are you okay? You’re burning up…”
“You have guts, waif, I’ll give you that.” Casamir said with a shake of his head. “You’re lucky I need you alive. Very well, build your fire.”
Francis was touched by her concern. He found himself leaning his forehead into her palm with an intense, tired smile on his face. “I’m fine. Kori… You saved me earlier, didn’t you? The dragon was going to land on me, but you saved me by burning yourself.”
Kori jerked her hand away. Her cheeks turned red.
Evidently, the looks he was giving her were too intense for her liking.
Kori nodded. “I did. I launched a fireball at the ground to blow us both out of the way.”
Francis whispered, “Thank you…”
Chapter Sixty-Seven: Fish on Land
While the other recruits were in bed, Eory sat on a patch of dried paint. He was looking at the long word that he had transcribed from the angry wound on his bandaged arm to a separate piece of parchment the night before. By his side, the Arrozan had different versions of a fairy tale that was written in the fairy, waif, elvish, common, and dwarven languages handy.
He had made some progress in translating the long word. It was a combination of different languages, or so Eory thought. Some of the characters he had translated matched the characters in other languages perfectly, while some had small differences.
Every now and again, when Eory’s head started to hurt, he would lower the piece of parchment so he could peer over it and survey Maruka’s paint job. He hid a judgmental grin behind the piece of parchment--Maruka wasn’t the best painter in the world. He also hid his flushed cheeks behind the parchment when he began surveying Maruka instead of the paint job.
Maruka’s sleeves were rolled up, and Eory could appreciate how well-sculpted his muscles were. Maybe it was because he didn’t have any, but he always appreciated a good set of muscles.
Eory giggled at the waves the selkie was making. Maruka glanced up with a roll of his eyes and a little grin. “Is my work really that b-b-bad? What is s-s-so funny?”
It had been an hour or two, so Maruka decided to take a break. He placed his brush to the side and walked over to Eory—his footsteps echoing the entire way. He sat down next to the fairy, who turned away from him to hide the fact that he was blushing. “Oh, it’s nothing. It’s just, I think those waves you painted could use a few more shades of blue and white… Maybe a few more ripples.”
Maruka shook his head, unable to stop grinning. “I-I-I don’t know w-w-why you asked me to help if you’re just going to n-n-nitpick.”
Eory shrugged. “I just enjoy your company.”
Maruka let that sink in, letting it warm his heart, and then he asked, “So, how far have you gotten?”
Eory cleared his throat and showed Maruka his piece of parchment. “I have a few letters translated. These first three letters spell out red, and then there’s the M I translated from the other night, here, and a K here. The K is a K from the waif language, the M is from the dwarven language, and the red is from the elven language.”
“You could t-translate all that just from looking at this single fairy tale?” Maruka was impressed. “T-truly, you are brilliant, Eory!”
Eory shook his head with a frustrated sigh. “Thank you, but I’ve barely made any progress. If only my head didn’t hurt.”
“Y-you should take a break! Come paint with me!” Maruka suggested, holding a hand out to the fairy.
Eory was unable to take his eyes away from his translation for a moment. He felt as if every moment he spent doing something other than translating, was a moment another recruit died. “I don’t even know if my translation is accurate…”
Maruka frowned. He grabbed Eory’s wrists and helped him up. “I can’t stand that pouty f-f-face of yours! Come on, time to h-h-have some fun! You can help me fix the waves!”
Eory smiled. “Okay. Maybe it’ll help me sort this translation out.”
Eory dove into painting full-tilt like he loved to do. He spruced up the waves Maruka had painted while the selkie added more clouds to the sky. “Do you like the sea, Maruka?” Eory asked while carefully and methodically adding foam to Maruka’s ocean.
Maruka nodded. “Yes, you s-s-see…”
Eory waited for the selkie to continue. When a minute of silence went by, Eory realized that the man wanted to tell him something very important. He wiped the sweat from his ivory forehead and glanced up at Maruka. “Yes…?”
Maruka scratched his cheek. “You see, I’m a selkie.”
Eory’s forehead furrowed in confusion. “A selkie? I thought they only existed in fairy tales… Are you fooling?”
Maruka shook his head. “No. I-I’m truly a selkie. I used to live in the sea with my friends and family. T-t-the water was… Unbelievably clear and h-h… Happy.” Maruka leaned his cheek upon his hand despondently.
Eory looked at the other man searchingly, trying to gauge whether he was telling him a lie or not. But what reason does he have to lie? Eory thought to himself. Not only that, but… Maruka really did look like a seal with his black eyes and his slippery skin.
“You used to be a seal, then?” Eory went on. “Who tore your skin off?”
Maruka didn’t move a muscle. He didn’t even blink. He looked like a statue. “It doesn’t m-m… Matter. All I k-k-know is that I don’t like being a selkie. I don’t like the people on the surface, and I feel like every moment I spend walking on the surface instead of swimming in the ocean is another moment that my soul becomes blacker.”
Eory went back to painting. He found it easier to speak while he worked. “You can go back, can’t you? I’d miss you if you did, though.” Eory murmured with a frown.
Maruka lowered himself onto his belly, folding his arms under his chin. His face was wrinkled with sadness. “T-t-there’s no way to go back. I-I-I’ll never feel the warmth of the ocean—of my one and only home—on my skin again. I don’t feel at ease on the surface. N-never have, n-never will. I-I am a fish drowning on land.”
The selkie’s voice shook with sadness. Eory was moved by Maruka’s face, which was furrowed with pain. Tears that the fairy felt were unwarranted glimmered in his own eyes. He felt the pain the selkie was feeling—he had experienced it for himself.
Eory lowered his eyes and gazed at the foamy ocean that he and Maruka had made together. He brushed it with his fingertips, and, being as imaginative as he was, felt like he could hear and feel what an ocean might be like.
“I feel like I’m a fish on drowning on land, too…” Eory related quietly.
Maruka dipped his brush into a barrel of grey paint and added shading to the cloud he was working on. His voice echoed as he said, “I really s-s-shouldn’t be complaining… H-h-h-h…”
Maruka paused and thought about his next words so he could say them properly. “Here I am complaining about never being able to return to the sea when you’ve undeservingly been a prisoner your whole life.”
Eory moved an inch to the left, painting more foam on the ocean. “You have a right to be upset, the same as me. Someone took you from your home, didn’t they? And you said you can’t go back, can you? At least I could lock myself away in my quarters if I wanted to recreate the conditions of my tower. You don’t have the ability to do that, do you?”
Maruka shook his head. “I-I-I’ve read so many books, asked so many people… Traveled to every scuzzy corner of Yharos. There’s no way to turn myself back into a sea other than to find my skin, and I lost that long ago.”
Eory brought one leg up to his chest and stretched the other one out, laying his brush by his side. “You’ve searched every corner of Yharos…? How old are you…?”
A brief smile twitched at the corner of the selkie’s mouth. He didn’t answer for a time.
“How old?” Eory repeated.
Maruka moved to his left and began painting another cloud. “Oh, around two-hundred.”
Eory’s mouth was agape. After a moment he said, “You’re as old as Pollyanna! You should know dozens of languages then, right?”
Maruka’s eyes darted back and forth, like he was ashamed. “No… I only k-k-know elvish and common. I-I’ve been up on the surface for s-so long, and I feel like I’ve done almost nothing with that time. I suppose it’s because I don’t like it up here…”
Maruka didn’t meet Eory’s eyes; he kept to painting.
“That’s okay… Maybe languages just aren’t what you like to do with your time.” Eory replied.
Maruka smiled with a snort. “Maybe.”
Time passed while the two busily painted.
“You spoke of a woman you knew who reminded you of Pollyanna,” Eory said. “You told me that you didn’t like Pollyanna because she reminded you of that woman. Is she the one who tore your seal skin off?”
Maruka’s strokes became hasty and hard; he kept his eyes pasted to the floor. Eory knew that he didn’t want to answer the question. In fact, he seemed to like to pretend like Eory hadn’t even asked it.
“You don’t have to tell me…” Eory murmured, pressing his cheek against his knee. “I just want to know more about you.”
Maruka took a deep breath. He absent-mindedly brushed the floor without precision as he said, “Will you tell me something about you if I d-d-do?”
“Of course.”
Maruka remembered the day like it was yesterday; he could still feel the blazing sun on his rubbery cheeks, he could still feel the soft ocean caressing his fins. He could still see the temptress—an errant, tasty fish—leading him away from his only home and family. “This woman lured me away from my home and family with a particularly plump fish. Seals are simple creatures… They don’t have much of an ability to look ahead. I followed the fish without thinking, and this woman grabbed me and tore my seal skin off. She left me alone in Alanheim for years. They made me into a slave.” Maruka’s eyes turned distant.
Eory dropped his paintbrush in shock. Kori hugged him when he was sad. He wondered if Maruka would like to be hugged. “I’m sorry. That sounds awful.” Eory crawled over to the Selkie and wrapped his arms around him.
They remained entwined for a time; Maruka leaned into him, and Eory thought he was just as starved for affection as he was. “Can I ask you something n-n-now?” Maruka asked.
“Of course!”
Maruka gathered his thoughts. He said, “Eory, Pollyanna i-i-i-is dangerous. If you know any information about h-h-how to hurt her, you have to share it with me. What if she were to hurt you? I-I-I couldn’t stop her if she tried.”
Eory glanced away, unable to hide his annoyance. “I told you. She’s invincible, and even if she isn’t, I don’t know her secrets.”
“Eory…” Maruka whispered. “I-I want to be your friend, but I no longer have it in me to love p-p-people who aren’t transparent with me.”
Eory’s heart thudded. He felt like he could tell the selkie things—share things with him—that he could share with no one else. Taylor wasn't there to stop him. The only thing that stopped him was his own self control. “I… I can’t tell you unless you prove to me that I can trust you more than I can trust anyone else. You have to find a way to earn that trust.”
“How do I d-d-do that?” Maruka asked, gazing at Eory’s face as if he worshipped it. If Eory gazed into his worshipping eyes, he feared he would not be able to resist them. He made sure to look away. “I’m not sure you can.”
“I’ll find a way. D-d-d-do you know why?”
Eory shook his head.
-“Because I s-s-stutter less around you. It’s a sign that I feel comfortable around you. It would be a bad idea to cut someone who brings me comfort out of my life.” Maruka held Eory’s hand affectionately, making smile. Maruka recognized his hands were freezing, and used that fact to his advantage.
The selkie gasped melodramatically. “Y-y-your hands are freezing! Y-you know what might warm them up?”
Eory shook his head bashfully.
“K-kisses! Do you want some?” Maruka asked.
Eory chuckled, shaking his head incredulously. “Kisses won’t warm me up...”
“You underestimate them!” Maruka gave Eory six gentle kisses on his hands.
Eory was surprised. “It worked!” He exclaimed.
“I-I-I’ll b-b-bet…” Maruka tripped up on his words, betraying his nervousness--it had been a long time since he had tried to charm someone. Eory waited patiently for him to complete the sentence. “T-that your forehead could use some warming, too!”
Maruka wrapped his arms around the fairy, pulling him close and repeatedly planting soft kisses on his forehead, eliciting surprised, but happy guffaws out of him.
“A-a-and your nose is cold, too!” Maruka planted three kisses on the fairy’s nose.
“And your cheeks are all pink from freezing!” Maruka blessed both Eory’s cheeks with four kisses.
“And look at those l-l-lips! They’re practically turning blue from the cold!” Maruka threw caution to the wind and kissed his lips.
Eory giggled in his throat a little, but then took the kiss more seriously when Maruka cupped both his cheeks in his strong hands and didn’t pull away. Eory closed his eyes, kissing him back. He ran his white hands through the selkie’s ebony hair. Maruka pulled away before Eory could take things further.
Eory was disappointed. “I was hoping you would—”
“Maybe we can finish this l-l-later.” Maruka interrupted, looked at the painting instead of Eory.
Eory cleared his throat. Shyly, he murmured, “We can finish it now… If you put paintings on hold, you might lose inspiration for them.”
Maruka grinned at the double-entendre, but declined the offer. “I have things to do right now. Besides, I know I w-w-won’t lose inspiration for it. I also know an Astral Elf who is an efficient translator. Shall I go fetch him?”
Eory pouted. Reluctantly, he nodded.
Maruka strolled over to the door, and then paused with his hand on the knob. “Three more kisses to keep you warm?”
Eory nodded eagerly.
Maruka marched over to him confidently and gave him three more giddy kisses on the forehead. Eory grabbed the selkie’s wrists before he could go. “Maruka…”
“Yes?” Maruka replied.
“T-there was this man… Ashaya… He attacked me. Terran saved me, but I could have been hurt. Can you please take off the bracelet so I can defend myself? Can you lock him away? It would help you earn some of that trust you want.”
Maruka gazed at the fairy pensively. “E-Eory, you know I can’t take that bracelet off. B-but, I will see what I can do about this recruit.”
Eory was disappointed. He thought his safety meant more to Maruka. Maruka gave him one more kiss on the forehead before leaving. “I-I’ll see y-you s-soon.”
***
Although Eory wanted nothing more than to spend more time with Maruka, he could concentrate far better when he wasn’t in the room. On his own, he managed to translate one more letter. It was an R from the waif language.
Eory rubbed his temples. What language could this possibly be? Letters from all these different languages, except they’re slightly different…
The K he had translated from Moonpool had a curl at the end of the character, unlike the K from the waif language, but it was the only character from any of the languages he was looking at that resembled the letter from the word in Moonpool.
Just as Eory was about to give up and take a break, an Astral Elf entered the room. “Maruka informed me that you wanted to translate a book?”
Eory shook his head. “Not a book, just a sentence from a book.”
The Astral Elf gracefully strode to Eory’s side. “Well, let’s see if we can figure it out together, shall we? I know languages well. I’ve studied them extensively.”
-Chapter Sixty-Eight: Dust
Earlier that night, while Terran fell deep into thought, consumed with memories of his brother, Francis, Them cheerfully shoveled peas into his mouth and drank from his large pitcher of wine.
Eliita glanced at her lover and realized that he was not in a talkative mood. When he was in that mood, it was best to let him be.
She smiled mischievously. She thought to herself, I’ll make him feel better later.
Them noticed the smile. He commented, “What are you so happy about? Certainly it can’t be about the ray of sunshine that is your lover?”
Eliita rolled her eyes and daintily scooped up a spoonful of corn. “You joke about it, but he is a ray of sunshine, believe me. Right, Terran?”
Terran was silent. He kept eating woodenly.
Them blinked rapidly. “What’s the deal with him?”
Eliita shrugged. “He’s a deep thinker. Let him be for now.”
I like these two. They’re the sort of responsible adults you should be hanging around with. Honestly, Them, you shouldn’t be chasing a girl ten years younger than you. And you wonder why she’s so immature and… Stupid. Pete said.
“They are good company.” Them agreed. He sighed. “They’re not as fun, though.”
Eliita asked, “Are you talking about me and Terran?”
“Mostly you, gorgeous.” Them winked. He looked at the elf, expecting him to chew him out for flirting with his girlfriend. Terran didn’t even look his way.
“Wow. You weren’t joking—he is a deep thinker.” Them agreed.
Eliita changed the subject. “I assume you were saying that we aren’t as fun in comparison to Taylor to your wisp friend?”
Them chuckled. “On the nose. You’re both far too respectable to be fun like she is. I miss her. She hasn’t been around at all lately.”
“You know, it’s just us. You can just admit that you love her.” Eliita dared him smugly.
Them glanced at Eliita’s stony-faced lover with distaste. “For one thing, it’s not just us. Mr. Sunshine is here. For another thing, like I told you before, I just like chasing Taylor. If I slept with her, I hardly think I’d want her anymore. She’d just be another girl to me.”
“I can see you think highly of us women.” Eliita snorted, rolling her eyes.
Them turned his palms up apologetically. “It’s not as if I impulsively make decisions to sleep with women on my own. They have to make those choices, too. I can’t help that I lose interest in them so quickly afterwards. I never promise them that I’ll marry them.”
“Classy.” Eliita replied. “You know… Every time a woman makes love, she takes a risk that a man doesn’t have to.”
Them raised an eyebrow. “A risk?”
Eliita nodded. “She may get pregnant, and that child will forever serve as a reminder of the man who abandoned her. Maybe you should have more respect for that risk.”
Them was quiet for a moment. Eliita’s brutal, but honest, scolding had brought up painful memories for him. “Now I feel guilty…”
Maybe it was the fact that he had had too much wine, but Them felt like opening up about himself. “You know, my parents were banished from Trella when I was just a baby—I never got to meet them. My father was married to one woman and slept with another. That’s not allowed in Trella. When I lived there, I learned that my father loved his wife, so I asked my fellow waifs why he decided to sleep with a different woman.” Them shook his head in disgust. “My father told them that, for just one day of his life, he wanted to feel alive. He passed that onto me--that inability to feel satiated. I should know better than to do the same things he did… And yet, here I am, fooling around and hurting women wherever I go. I know what it’s like to grow up with parents who aren’t your own; it’s not pretty. Mother wasn’t required to go with him when he was banished, but she went anyway… she still loved him for some reason.”
Eliita listened to him with a frown of sincerity on her face. After a moment, she said, “You know, passion is overrated. Perhaps what you’ve been looking for your whole life is love and companionship.”
Them gave her a lopsided smile. He didn’t know what to say for a moment. In another moment, he simply said, “I have companionship in Pete.”
And it’s never been enough for you, has it? Pete accused.
Eliita didn’t know what the wisp said, but by Them’s wounded expression, she assumed it was nothing good.
Them thought about contradicting Pete’s obviously wrong accusation, but he thought there was no point. The wisp knew that his companionship was more than enough for Them. The waif’s face lit up when he saw Pollyanna taking a seat at the table behind Eliita.
“Oh look! There’s Pollyanna! I’ll see you tomorrow, Eliita!” Them excused himself, taking his plate and his large pitcher of wine and heading over to the old warrior-maiden. Pete didn’t follow the waif. He stayed where he sat with his arms crossed indignantly. Pollyanna was eating silently. She didn’t even look up as Them sat across from her.
“I see you took my advice and decided to play hard to get with Eory!” Them exclaimed with a cheeky wink.
Pollyanna continued eating without a word.
“I have to admit, I was shocked when you weren’t around to protect Eory earlier. I didn’t think you had it in you to let him try to handle himself.” Them continued, sipping his wine. “He wants you back in his life already!”
Pollyanna’s hand tightened around her fork. “He can die for all I care. You all can.”
Them laughed heartily. “I know you don’t mean that! I know you want friends—nobody likes being alone after all—and me, Eliita, and Terran already like you. Why do you keep running away from u—”
Weathered, strong hands reached across the table.
Them’s eyes widened.
Pollyanna wrapped her hands around his neck; her fingers digging cruelly into it. Pollyanna lowered her eyes; her face was dark and remorseless. Suddenly, the waif was no longer looking into the vulnerable eyes of a woman. He was looking into the cold, steel heart of a sword.
Them tried to pry her hands off his neck as he choked for air.
Terran and Eliita had left the mess hall, any recruits who were left decided to ignore the situation. 
“Do you really want to be friends with a killer?” Pollyanna hissed.
Them’s eyes rolled into the back of his head.
Pollyanna’s hands shook, a satisfied smile bloomed on her face. Them was sure he was done for.
The shakiness of her hands turned from intense to unsure; her facial expression turned regretful. Her grasp on his neck weakened, she removed her hands.
Them was too scared to move.
Pollyanna looked ashamed of herself. She whispered, “I’m sorry, Them.”
Because he was too scared to run or even to move, he felt like he had no choice but to stay. I want to be her friend, anyway. Well, I either make her my friend right now or I die, it seems.
“It’s okay.” Them cleared his throat.
He let the old woman cool off by keeping his mouth shut for a time. He sipped his wine and slowly ate the remaining food on his plate. Eventually, he got up the guts to say, “You were ferocious on the battlefield earlier. I assume that means you’re feeling better, right?”
Pollyanna closed her eyes. She murmured, “I was ferocious, yes. The whole time I was thinking… that it would be nice to die, and the fact that I couldn’t made me angry enough to focus.”
Them was aghast that she should say such a thing. “I don’t believe you. You’re invincible—you can live forever and accomplish whatever it is you want to accomplish—and yet you just want to die? I won’t even live past thirty-one, and yet you choose to waste the gift of an eternal life?”
Pollyanna, who had been lifting a slab of meat to her mouth with her fork, suddenly paused. She raised an eyebrow. “You’ll die at thirty-one?”
Them was shocked at himself. He couldn’t tell Taylor--the person he cared about most besides Pete--about the premonition from the Antler, but for some reason, he told Pollyanna. “I don’t know why I told you that…”
Pollyanna’s big eyes became smaller and concentrated now. “Who told you that you would die at thirty-one?”
Them took a big swig of wine. “An Antler.”
Pollyanna crossed her arms, looking to the side with a consternated frown. “Then it must be true.”
Them felt a little dizzy from the wine he had been drinking; his speech was slurred. “Antlers are just fables; I was probably drunk when I saw this one. The premonition can’t be true.”
Pollyanna took a bite out of the slab of meat. “Believe me, if you saw an Antler, whatever destiny they gave you… Whatever premonition or curse, it is bound to come true. You’re twenty-eight, right? That means you only have three more years to live. What will you do with that time?”
Them shrugged. “I guess I’m going to spend that time rotting away in this fortress?”
Pollyanna looked upon him with pity. “Is this the other reason why you like Taylor? Does she make you feel like you have lived a passionate life worth living?”
Them looked up at the ceiling. The wine was blissfully beginning to numb out the pain he was feeling. “Probably. At any rate, she quickens my waning pulse.”
“Why did you tell me all this?” Pollyanna wondered.
Them picked at the remaining food on his plate. “I don’t know. I thought you could use a friend, and friends tell each other personal things. Eory seems nice enough, but I don’t know if he views you as a friend or a bodyguard. At any rate, it’s better to have friends who don’t want to sleep with you.”
Pollyanna smiled at that. “You may have a point. But what about you? I think your friends want a little bit more than a platonic relationship with you.”
Them was confused. “Maybe Taylor does, but Pete certainly doesn’t, and neither do Eliita and Terran.”
Pollyanna smirked. “You don’t think Pete wants one with you?”
Them scratched his head. “What are you on about?”
“I don’t know. He seems to like you quite a bit.” Pollyanna hinted. “He abandoned life as a wisp so he could live with you, correct?”
Them wrinkled his nose. “Don’t make jokes like that! It’s true that he likes me, but I hardly think he wants to sleep with me.”
“I don’t know. The way he looks at you…” Pollyanna teased.
Them crossed his arms. “I don’t think that’s funny. Wisps are made of light and goodness--they don’t have those kinds of feelings. Now, let’s get back to you and me. Are we friends yet?”
Pollyanna smiled a forlorn smile. “I couldn’t be your friend if I wanted to. I don’t belong amongst people like you." Pollyanna scratched her chin, looking up at the ceiling. "But please, tell me what the Antler told Pete while you were fainted in the woods. You didn’t tell us before.”
Them linked his fingers under his chin. “Only if you say we’re friends.”
Pollyanna crossed her legs. “I don’t know what you even want out of a friendship with me, but I suppose I could humor you if you tell me what happened with Pete and the Antler.”
Them took another swig of wine. “He told me that the Antler said he and I would eventually become whole people.” Them snorted. “Hasn’t happened yet, and it only has three years left to happen. Now please, tell me what you mean when you say you don’t belong amongst people like me.”
Pollyanna’s hands clenched and unclenched. Her tooth sunk into her bottom lip until it bled. “I mean that I was given a grand destiny to fulfill that nobody else can possibly can. That destiny will always isolate me from others. Why should I befriend you, for example, when you will die in two years and I will never die? You’ll all be dust someday, but I will always be here.”
Them was consumed by pent up fear and energy for a moment. The need to do something amazing before he died was returning without mercy. Them forced a smile. “You don’t mince words, do you?
Pollyanna shook her head. “I don’t. But you know what? I’ll be your friend for that short amount of time if it means that much to you. I think you know that being my friend is dangerous, don’t you? I just tried to kill you.”
The memory of her strong hands wrapped immovably around his neck only moments ago made him shiver, but he was not deterred. Them shrugged. “You’re an interesting woman to know. I want to know more interesting people before I die. Besides, having you as a friend might have its perks. You can protect me from the doppelgangers, for example.”
Pollyanna grinned. “Who said that was apart of a deal with a friendship with me? I don’t even do that for Eory anymore.”
Them smiled at that. Even though Pollyanna had done unspeakable things, somehow, he was happy for her that she no longer felt obligated to protect Eory.
“So… How long are you going to play hard to get with Eory? You know, he was nearly killed earlier—he got dragged off by the human, Ashaya, because you weren’t around to protect him.”
“I saw.” Pollyanna replied without inflection. “I’ve had enough of him lately. If you and Terran want to protect him, be my guest.”
Them laughed at that. He winked. “I suppose I can do that. There’s no reason why I can’t be a turncoat and be a friend to you both, is there?”
Pollyanna grunted with amusement. “I suppose.”
A thoughtful frown overcame Pollyanna’s face as she looked over Them's shoulder. “I think your wisp friend might be hiding something. Perhaps you should ask him if there’s something more he’s not telling you about his encounter with the Antler. You should probably go find him. He left some time ago.”
Them’s eyes widened in shock as he glanced behind himself. The wisp was nowhere to be found. It was bizarre for the wisp not to be following him around, and even more bizarre for him to go missing.
“It’s time for bed, anyway. Nice talking to you, Pollyanna.”
***
Night had fallen. The red light of the Crater filtered ominously through the dark halls of the iron fortress. Them felt dazed as he searched for Pete.
“Pete!” He repeatedly called, feeling sick to his stomach at the thought of losing his dearest friend.
Astral Elves periodically hurried past Them, going about the business of keeping the fortress stocked with food, towels, armor, and weapons. Them stopped one of them. “Have you seen my friend? You can’t miss him; he’s a will’o the wisp.”
The Astral Elf shook her head. “I have not.”
Them was afraid the wisp had left for good. The silence was deafening; the lack of companionship was terrifying. The halls looked bigger; the shadows looking longer.
Pete was a childhood friend. Losing him was like losing an arm.
I’ll give you a third kiss when you lose an arm for me! Taylor’s voice—the adage that she had repeated frequently--echoed in his mind mockingly.
Them went back to his quarters to check if Pete had returned there, and when he discovered the wisp was not there, he kept searching the dark halls of the fortress. He knew he wouldn’t be able to sleep if he didn’t find the wisp. He would spend all night searching if he had to.
Chapter Sixty-Nine: Blazing Soul
While Them looked for him, Pete floated through the walls of the iron fortress, and decided to spend a good part of his night exploring the barren, dry lands of the Crater.
Because he was not mortal, the red light of the Crater did not affect him the way it did mortal creatures. Where it made mortals feel sick and disoriented, it impassioned Pete.
The wisp was confronted by three doppelgangers as he floated beyond the fortress, but he pulsed with a bright light, blinding them and continuing past them. Pete was unafraid of them. It was true that they could kill him, but Pete was confident enough in his abilities not to worry if he were beset by them.
In truth, the wisp was angry. He normally shone with a bright and goodly, golden light, but it had been fading since Them had met up with Taylor in person. How dare she take my Them away… The wisp thought to himself.
Pete sped past acres and acres of dead land—a beacon of yellow light on a brown and red wasteland. Eventually, the wisp came upon a blackened, leafless tree. Curiously, he eyed it. It’s dead, but seeing any kind of tree out here is shocking. The wisp lowered himself to the ground beneath the tree and sat with his stumpy legs crossed.
The wisp wondered how long he should stay away. It had been an hour or two since he left the fortress, but the wisp already found himself feeling listless and diminished due to being so far away from Them's blazing soul. If he went back now, he was sure Them would continue being dismissive toward him in favor of Taylor.
The wisp grabbed a hand-full of dirt, letting it pour through his fingers. I have a lot of time to waste. I want him to squirm. Pete drew a line in the dirt. The other wisps must be laughing at me. Pete sighed to himself, remembering his past with the wisps.
***
Before he had met Them, Pete spent his life in the blissful, blindingly bright mountains where wisps resided. These mountains could not be found by any mortals but waifs, and even then, only waifs who knew how and where to look for them could find them.
Pete was a younger wisp, which, by mortal standards, was not young at all. He had stopped counting long ago, but he thought that he must be around one-thousand-years-old. As a result, he was starting to get dreadfully bored of life. Wisps didn’t have much to do other than laze about and recline on the unimaginably soft, white grass that grew on the mountains.
Pete’s only window of excitement was when a mortal whose soul resonated with his own got lost--either physically or emotionally--and he had the privilege of guiding them back to the right path. He could see these souls through brightly colored jewels that blipped into existence on the mountains. When Pete held a jewel in his hand, he could gaze through it at the soul on the other side. Some belonged to elves, some to dwarves, some to humans, and some to waifs.
Pete would get a glimpse of the lives these people lived within the jewel. They did not live the life of wisps; they lived lives fraught with sadness and hunger, danger and fear, and…
Passion and love.
Wisps did not have the body parts that mortals did. Pete did not have a pulse, neither did he have a heart, but when he looked upon these mortals, he felt excitement bubbling up from the depths of his soul.
In the mortal realm of Yharos, Pete would appear to these mortals as a glowing ball of light through the powers of the jewels. His consciousness would detach from his body, and his soul would briefly step foot in the mortal world until he had guided mortals to the right path, and then his soul would automatically return to his own body.
Once he was back in his own body, the exciting taste of the mortal world would fade quickly, but would never entirely disappear.
“Why must we live in this world that is adjacent to the mortal world—a land where emotions are felt so deeply and addictingly—and live lives that are so pale and empty? Furthermore, why is guiding these mortals the only meaningful things we wisps can do with ourselves?” Pete cried to the other wisps. “Do you not wonder why we are here and why we have nothing to do but watch time pass us by?”
The other wisps trilled with laughter. “Oh, Peteroclis. Why do you question paradise? Why do you seek out mortal misery? We have our little tastes of what it is like to be them through the jewels, and that is all the flavor we need in our lives.”
But it wasn’t enough for Pete. He needed more from life. He decided to roam the Wisp Mountais day and night, seeking out the jewels that gave him a window into the drama-filled lives of mortals that he craved.
And one day, he met a mortal within one of the jewels who he became fascinated with. A wrinkled, blue-skinned waif with amber eyes and silver hair. He looked to be about twelve-years-old, and he was living in the waif village of Trauscus. He was an outcast, rejected by the waifs and scolded at every turn. But there was something else about him, too.
Wisps could see things that other creatures could not: Among these things was the ability to see the souls—or ‘auras’—surrounding other beings. The rejected waif had a bright, orange soul that roared with life. But it wasn’t just that--the waif’s body was surging with untapped magic. A golden pool of magic sat in the depths of the waif’s stomach, waiting to be awakened.
Another wisp, Barione, was amused at Pete’s addiction to watching the everyday happenings of the waif’s life. She laughed at him. “Do you like him?”
Pete gazed at the jewel that contained the waif. He was hypnotized. “I do.”
Barione glanced both ways, and then said to Pete, “Do you want to know a secret?”
Pete wrenched his gaze away from the waif for a moment and gave Barione his full attention. “Yes?”
“Wisps feast on magic; it’s how we live so long. Every time we guide a mortal to the right path, they give us something in return, even if they don’t realize it.” Barione told him.
Pete’s wide eyes became wider. “What do they give us?”
“Their magic and a bit of their lifespans.” Barione replied. “Haven’t you seen it? Mortals blaze with magic and souls of all colors, but once we have guided them to their proper paths, those colors fade because we have eaten them.”
Pete felt utterly shocked and betrayed by such knowledge. He felt like Barione must be telling him a lie. “That’s not true… We wisps exist to help mortals, not feast upon them.”
“We’ve got to eat, haven’t we?” Barione replied cynically.
Pete was aghast. “That’s why you think we were put here? To feast on other creatures?”
“Oh, I know that’s why we were here.” Barione answered confidently.
“But how do you know?” Pete queried.
Barione paused. She looked both ways. “I’m not sure you’re ready to know the answer, but if you ever are, you can come tell me and I'll show you.”
***
Pete came back to reality when a doppelganger spawned nearby. I suppose I’ve let Them stew enough. And then wisp dashed back to the fortress faster than a flying arrow. 
Pete was shocked to see a pristine pool of standing water, barely big enough for five people to wade in, glinting at him from a distance. He wondered how water could survive without evaporating in the wasteland that was the crater, but he paid it no further heed.
It didn’t take him long to arrive at, and proceed to ghost through, the walls of the iron fortress. He ran into an Astral Elf therein, who told him that Them had been up and down the halls all night looking for him, and that the waif was sitting sleeplessly against the door to his quarters.
Pete thanked the Astral Elf and then went on his way.
Pete arrived at the recruit quarters, peering around the corner of the hallway where Them’s room lay. He saw the waif, as the Astral Elf had described, sitting sleeplessly against his door. Them was not crying; instead, he was looking sightlessly forward with dead eyes and rigid muscles.
Pete smiled to himself, he was glad to know that the waif was miserable without him. Pete revealed himself—floating out into the middle of the hallway.
Them immediately brightened. He launched himself to his feet, giddily running toward Pete. “You’re here! Thank Sherne that you’re here!”
Them tackled his friend to the ground, hugging him so tightly that Pete thought he would suffocate—that is, if it were possible for a wisp to suffocate. 
“Where did you go? What did I do to make you leave?” Them nearly yelled.
It’s late at night, perhaps we should lower our voices and go inside our room? Pete suggested.
“No! Not until you promise that you’ll never leave me again!” Them demanded, rubbing his cheek against Pete’s.
Pete replied, you have my promise.
“Good!” Them shouted. He stood up and released Pete from his arms. Them held open the door to his quarters with a bow. Pete shook his head with a grin. You know I can just float through it, right?
“Of course, but I’m being polite and respectful. I figure that my rudeness and neglect was probably one of the reasons you split.” Them replied frantically.
Once Pete entered the room, the waif leapt onto his bed and then turned around, hanging his short legs off the side of it. “So… Why did you leave, Pete? Tell me so that I can avoid upsetting you in the future.”
Pete lowered his feet to the floor and sat cross-legged upon it. I left because you have lost your way, and you would no longer listen to reason concerning Taylor.
Them shook his head incredulously. “I don’t understand why you hate her so much. Surely I’ve been infatuated with worse women than Taylor.”
She bit off part of your ear, and she is an Arrozan.
Them cleared his throat awkwardly. “Pete… You have warned me away from things that are truly dangerous in the past and have saved me on numerous occasions, but your hatred of Taylor seems to be more like jealousy than anything else. I understand that she is somewhat dangerous, but your reaction toward her seems unwarranted. Pollyanna told me something silly earlier, but I think it’s worth asking…” Them took a deep breath. “Do you love me, Pete?”
Pete was overwhelmed. He felt like a terrible truth about himself had been unearthed, and he had to defend himself from it. Do I love you? What a ridiculous question to ask! Of course I love you! I gave up a life of paradise with the other wisps so that I could live a life with you instead! Pete felt the need to shift the conversation back to Them. Besides, we’re talking about you right now. You have to stop this infatuation with Taylor--she could decimate you with black magic! She could order her slave, Pollyanna, to kill you at any moment! She isn’t somewhat dangerous; she is downright evil!
Them looked to the side, crossing his arms defensively. As usual, he ignored the wisp’s cautioning of Taylor, focusing on Pete. “No, I mean… Are you in love with me?”
Pete’s mind raced. Not even he was sure if he loved Them; he only knew what Them wanted to hear, and he wanted to hear that his childhood companion, his best and most loyal friend, had no feelings for him. I am not in love with you. I care for you because I see something in you; that’s why I picked you to bond with.
Them groaned, collapsing backwards on the bed. “But why? I don’t get what you ever saw in me! The only way I can make sense of a wisp choosing me of all people to bond to is because you’re in love with me!”
Pete buoyed into the air and floated over Them’s face. Haven’t I told you several times before? I bonded myself to you because I saw your soul shining with an aura that was blindingly bright! I knew that you would do something amazing with yourself!
“But I haven’t!” Them countered. “I have done nothing with myself! Either you’re lying to me about having this blazing, special soul, and you are in love with me, or you simply made a mistake about my specialness!”
Pete was cloaked in such guilt that he was afraid Them would be able to see it. He couldn’t tell his friend about the things he had robbed him of. Instead, he said, you’re thinking about this the wrong way. Just because you haven’t changed the world doesn’t mean you haven’t done great things in your life. You forget about the little things you have done for other people. Remember the crying child? Remember how you’re befriending Pollyanna for no other reason than that you have a good heart? Remember how you’re doing the same for Taylor and even Eory? You have the ability to make even the most wretched people happy. I think that means you have already lived a greater life than most men.
Them’s mouth opened, his eyes glazed over. He was looking past his wisp friend and up at the ceiling. “Pete, you told me you bonded with me because my soul was bright, but what was it about me that was special? I mean, was it really just my soul that told you I was special and nothing else?”
Pete thought back to the reason he had decided to bond with Them, and he recognized he had to search his memories to rediscover the reason why he had bonded with Them
***
In the Wisp Mountains, Pete watched Them through the jewel for weeks.
The waif was starving; clearly, his adopted parents cared little about him. Them had to fend for himself. When the men were out hunting and the women had left their houses, Them snuck into them and stole any food that was left out. He was a petty thief, which was something Pete found interesting about him. Them didn’t just steal food, sometimes he stole gloves, breeches, or jewels that he fancied.
Like most mortals, Pete thought he must not be a very good person. However, he began to understand why Them did what he did when he saw the first of many interactions between Them and his family.
Them had a list of chores he was expected to do. His family expected him to clean up after his adopted brothers and sisters, help cook dinner, and help his mother with the sewing. Them had forgotten to do it once, and Pete was subjected to a frightened Them being backed into a corner by his father. Pete’s eyes widened, a gasp escaped his lips as he brought his eyes closer to the jewel with bated breath.
Them was given a black eye and an angry bruise on his cheek. When his parents left the house and Them was alone with his brothers and sisters, he sat in the corner, crying gentle tears. None of his siblings paid him any heed.
For days, the waif turned into an empty shell of his usual rambunctious, stealing self. He did exactly as his family told him to do, and barely left the house.
Them did what the waifs called, “women’s work” Sewing, cooking, and cleaning, because it was decided long ago that Them was not fit to be a hunter, a woodworker, or butcher. Them submissively accepted that role when he was given the black eye until, one night, something changed within him…
Them was gazing up at a night sky, and, suddenly, a mischievous smile overcame his face. He whispered to himself, “I won’t give up. Not until I’m a hunter.”
And through sheer force of will and bravery, he picked himself up and practiced with a bow until he was adept at using it, and he promised himself that he wouldn’t let himself starve. Despite his whole village shunning him, he never gave up on living or trying to make something of himself.
That was the special thing Pete saw in him; a will to live.
Chapter Seventy: Knowledge
I bonded with you because you never gave up on trying to make something of yourself. You didn’t listen to the other waifs when they told you that you weren’t allowed to do anything but women’s work. Pete answered Them’s question aloud with adoration in his voice.
Them brightened a little, expression and life returning to his face. “God, I tried so hard to impress my village and my adopted family, but it was never enough for them. I’m glad that I eventually stopped wanting their approval, because they didn’t deserve it.”
A thoughtful smile spread upon the waif’s face. “I don’t know what it is I want out of life, Pete, I just know that I want you to be with me until I die to help me find it. Life got a lot better for me when you became apart of it, after all. I just wish we could have more years together than only three.”
Pete sat down next to where his friend was lying on the bed. He said, you won’t necessarily die in two years. The Antler could have been wrong; or perhaps we both just hallucinated seeing those Antlers.
Them shook his head. “No. I can feel it; I’ll die in three years. Something just feels horribly wrong.”
I don’t understand. What feels horribly wrong? The world? Pete questioned, feeling partly responsible for how much the waif had suffered.
Them sat up, drumming his knuckles on his knee. “No. Something is terribly wrong inside of me. I feel uneasy and unbalanced. My insides feel… Twisted. It’s not just that the world is cruel; I feel like I have become a major facet of its cruelty. You saw what I did in Maaris…”
Pete felt unworthy of judging his friend on the matter in Maaris, so he stayed silent.
Them sighed wistfully. “You know, part of why I wanted to be a hunter so badly when I was little was because I thought there was nothing more heroic than helping to provide food for Trauscus. I’ve been obsessed with becoming a hero—no, a legend—ever since.”
Pete averted his gaze. He was afraid that his eyes might betray his guilt. I can’t believe that you feel so twisted inside. I have watched you for most of your life, and I have never thought that you were anything other than selfless and kind.
Them snorted. “You always flatter me, Pete.”
For good reason! Pete replied encouragingly.
Them grinned. “I’ll listen to your advice for once in my life Pete. Tonight, I’ll find Taylor on the dream plains tonight and tell her that I’m done flirting with her. I’ll just dedicate myself to being friendly to the other recruits and trying to kill as many doppelgangers as possible. Being friends with her is fine, right?”
Pete shrugged. I don’t see much harm in that.
“Good.” Them replied.
A peaceful silence rested upon them for a time. Them closed his eyes and eventually drifted into a deep sleep. Pete smiled and tucked his friend in.
Wisps didn’t sleep. All Pete could do during the night was think deeply, and that was what he did.
Pete knew that if he gave his friend an ultimatum, he would always choose Pete over anyone else. Pete had been there for Them through every trying moment of the waif’s life, after all, and he planned to be there for the remainder of his life as well..
Their bond was unbreakable, and it would remain unbreakable so long as Pete hid the truth from Them. Even now, the truth haunted him, but he didn’t care. He decided long ago that the only thing he wanted in life was Them, and he would sacrifice anything to stay with him.
Thinking back on the moment he bonded himself to Them made him feel giddy and wretched at the same time, and it was where his thoughts usually led him when he had nothing to do but think.
***
Them was climbing the holy mountains near Trella; he was determined to trigger the magic that was sitting dormant in his stomach, and Pete was watching him through a jewel. The look of fiery determination on the waif’s face was forever seared into Pete’s memories.
Upon the holy mountains, Them was expected to find the missing piece of his spirit that would grant him access to the magic sitting inside of him. Pete learned from watching Them that the rite of climbing the holy mountain was an arduous and cruel one. Waifs were expected to climb the mountains all by themselves when they turned twelve; they were expected to stay on the mountain until they either collapsed, or until they found the missing piece of their spirits. This missing piece of their spirit would appear to waifs in various forms. Some would see tigers, some would see flies or birds, and some would see objects like hammers or musical instruments. These animals and objects would appear to them in shades of blue, pulsing with the wavering outlines of the ghost world--where waifs regained their magic.
Months before, Pete’s curiosity about Barione’s words had overwhelmed him. She had asked him if he wanted to know the truth behind the existence of wisps, and why she thought that they were nothing more than leeches who feasted upon the mortal creatures of Yharos. Pete couldn’t stop thinking about this secret that Barione was keeping. He eventually went to her and asked her about the secrets she supposedly knew.
“Ah, so your curiosity has finally overcome you.” She said with a cackle. “If you are ready to know the truth, then you must endure the one thing that all other wisps are not willing to endure.”
“What’s that?” Pete replied.
“Pain.” She answered. “We do not know pain as mortals know it. We only know boredom and a peaceful life.”
Pete snorted. “Boredom is pain.”
Barione nodded. “You are like me, then. I think you are ready to learn the truth.”
And Barione led him down the winding, narrow path of the Wisp Mountains, saying that she would tell him her secrets once he had traveled far enough.
Because nothing exciting ever happened to wisps, they had no choice but to talk about the mortals they had guided while they followed the mountain path downwards.
“I became as obsessed with a human man as you are with this waif.” Barione told him. “I wanted to be apart of his life more than anything. He was a nobleman residing in Maribel who had lost his way. Gods, he embraced life so well. He loved gold, and good food, and his family… But he found his attention being drawn away from them and toward this beautiful peasant girl. I had the pleasure of leading him back toward his family through the jewels, and I expected never to see him again, but the jewels kept appearing and showing him to me. I watched him day and night, and I began questioning why I lived upon these mountains and why I didn’t live with him instead.”
Time passed quickly while they talked.
Eventually, Barione and Pete came to a stop at a broken edge of the mountain path. Pete was about to float across when Barione blocked his way with a hand. “This is pain. Are you ready?”
Pete narrowed his eyes, annoyed that she should delay him. “I told you that I was. I can withstand any amount of pain, provided that it leads me to the truth.”
Pete began floating across the gap. He had no idea why Barione thought crossing this broken path was painful--
Until he began freezing he was halfway across the gap.
He became furiously cold, so cold that his feet felt like they had turned to ice. He tried to move his legs, but they would not move. One-by-one, every piece of his body froze, and he hung, motionlessly, above the gap.
Everything turned black around him.
Pete’s eyes were frozen open, but they could see nothing due to the blackness that had surrounded him. He tried calling out to Barione, but his mouth wouldn’t move.
A different reality flickered on; a reality where a waif named Them was climbing a mountain all by himself. Pete’s eyes lit up; giddily, he tried to push himself through the air toward the waif, hoping his joints would become unfrozen.
To his delight, he could move again. He floated toward the waif, but the closer he got, the further away Them and the mountain became. Pete pushed himself to go faster, to no avail.
The pain of not having his desire met drove him to mental anguish.
With every inch he traveled through the air, Pete’s body pulsed with pain-- physical pain was so new to him that he could hardly stand it. Still, he chased after the waif. “I must meet him!” Pete cried.
He was filled with such pain that he wished he would just die so he could be free of it, but he wasn’t sure that wisps could die. Briefly, he recognized that if just gave up, his pain might subside, but he refused. He pushed himself harder and harder until he was afraid that he would burst from the pain mounting within him.
Time passed.
Pete began convulsing, slowing his progress all-the-more.
His surroundings continued flickering between Them and the Wisp Mountains everytime he felt pain until, finally, reality overcame his fantasy and he shot across the gap in the mountain pass, tumbling onto the opposite edge. He rolled for a time, tumbling down the path, but managed to stop himself by grabbing hold of an uneven piece of ground, jutting up from the ground.
Pebbles were shaken loose and bounced past him. The wisp took a moment to calm himself, and then he climbed to his feet.
He looked back.
Across the gap which had the unavoidable, freezing wind, he saw Barione. The other wisp called out to him, “Keep going down and you will find out the truth about wisps! You have endured great pain today; you should be proud!”
Pete nodded, waving goodbye, and continued on his way.
He was on his own, and alien feelings began to overwhelm him. Feelings such as nervousness, and fear. He couldn’t ease how shaky he felt. He didn’t know why he was so afraid when he was never so afraid before. But still, he pressed onward down the mountain whose soft, white grass was thinning more and more with every step he took.
It wasn’t just the grass that was thinned as he went; color and sound was thinned as well. The chirping of birds slowly faded out as well as the shrieking wind. The sky turned gray, and the mountain turned the same shade of gray.
Pete stopped moving.
An awful feeling encased him; it held him still.
He fell to his knees, unable to shake how dark everything felt.
“Ah, another wisp like Barione.” A hissing, clipped voice whispered in his ear.
Pete glanced around him frantically, but he saw no one. “Who are you…?”
There was a long pause. “I am Weoon.”
Pete was too disturbed to respond.
“I created wisps.” The voice said without further explanation.
And suddenly, Pete was confronted by the realization that he was terrified to know where wisps came from—he was fearful to know why he was created, and what type of person his creator was. He glanced up the mountain, just wishing he had stayed on top of it where wisps belonged.
“Do you want to know more?” The voice beckoned.
Pete trembled.
“You asked for this, did you not? You wish to meet the waif, do you not? I can tell you how to accomplish such a thing.” The voice enticed.
Pete was torn between the safety of ignorance and the desire for knowledge.
The wisp’s body had shuddered with the pain he felt when crossing the gap; he couldn’t let that pain be for nothing. “T-tell me. Tell me how to meet the waif—tell me why I am here.”
A throaty chuckle started low at the edge of his hearing, and then became louder and louder until it was white noise assaulting him on all sides.
The laughter ceased.
“You are ready, then.” The voice whispered.
Weoon revealed itself.
Pete looked up at the colorless sky where two, bodiless eyes opened and gazed down upon him. The eyes were yellow; the pupils were elliptical. Pete felt evilness dripping from them.
“First, the proof.” The pair of eyes said.
Two, scaly, red hands phased into existence in the sky. One hand slammed against the other, palm against palm, and then they separated slowly—one lifting up, the other lowering.
As the hands separated, a wisp was revealed.
Pete gasped.
He felt as if every inch of his confidence, identity, and faith in the world had been ripped away in that moment. This creature, who exuded evil, was his creator.
“Who am I?” The newly created wisp asked.
“It matters not.” Weoon answered.
The creature slammed one palm against the other--with the newly created wisp still sitting on one--causing Pete to cry out.
Weoon separated its hands, and the new wisp was no more.
“W-why did you do that? You killed him!” Pete was shaken.
“I can make others.” Weoon replied. “Would you like me to?”
Pete was in tears. “No! I don’t want to see anymore!”
“Oh? But I thought you wished to know why I created you and how you could meet the waif.” Weoon answered.
He had come this far. Pete was determined to pursue the knowledge. “Tell me.”
“I created you to feed me.” Weoon’s eyes narrowed, a scaled, red hand began moving toward Pete.
Pete shrieked as the giant hand wrapped around him, bringing him closer to Weoon’s yellow eyes until he was only inches from them.
“Are you going to eat me now?” Pete’s whisper was shaky.
“Foolish wisp. It is not you I eat. It is the magic and lifeforce that you bring in from the mortal realm that I eat. I have no ability to force my way into that realm but you—my beautiful, pure creations—do. I’m sure you’ve seen the jewels that let you gaze upon the mortal realm. I have no power over these jewels, only you, my precious baubles, do. Every time you long for love, sleep, or food, or sex--all of those things that belong to mortals that do not belong to wisps--you create a jewel that gives you a window to those things, and in return, the mortals give you a piece of their lives, and a portion of their magic, which I eat when you wisps don’t realize it.” Weoon explained without pity.
Pete was wracked with devastation.
This was the meaning of his life?
He lowered his eyes and became as silent as the world around him.
And then, when he realized his life had no greater meaning than feeding this creature who created him, he decided that he would stop at nothing to get what he wanted, and what he wanted was to be in the waif’s life. He had no other reason to live, after all.
“How do I cross the boundaries between the mortal and wisp worlds?” Pete asked without fear.
-Chapter Seventy-One: Drifting Gaze
Kori woke up in the middle of the night when everyone around the fire was asleep but for the fairy, Casamir. Anyananta had landed, recognizing her need to sleep, and everyone else followed suite. She was worried sick about Francis, and her worry woke her up periodically throughout the night.
The waif sat up, looking down at the elf lying next to her who was shivering in his sleep. He looked paler than she had ever seen him. Kori’s eyes were glassy, her feelings continued to confuse her; she had no idea whether she was crying because she needed the elf to survive in order to save Maribel, or because she was fond of him.
Even covered in dirt, with such a pale face, he certainly is handsome… Kori thought to herself while running a hand through his hair. His hair was thick and matted because he hadn’t had a chance to properly bathe in a long time, but Kori didn’t mind. She hoped that caressing him would help him sleep.
Even if it didn’t soothe him, the rhythm of her hand moving back and forth in his hair certainly soothed her. Her mind began to wander to another place and time as she looked into the fire listlessly.
***
A fiery sunset embraced the world as Laurence lay by a glimmering lake with Kori by his side. They both enjoyed the melodic sound of the rippling lake for a moment. In another moment, they would have to make camp for the night, but for now, they could relax.
Laurence began humming a song under his breath as he watched the clouds go by.
Kori was frightened. Not because she was afraid of Laurence, but because of what she wanted to do with Laurence. She was afraid of her own mounting emotions, so much so that she found herself trembling for considering doing something as innocent as running her hands through his hair.
Mother wouldn’t like it. Kori reminded herself.
It wasn’t just that, of course. It was the fact that she barely knew him, and that he could be cruel, or evil, or any number of things. Kori cursed her loose attractions; it was her flirtatiousness that had gotten her into this mess where she was entirely reliant on a stranger for survival.
She held her breath and reached out a shaking hand.
Eventually, it found its way into Laurence’s thick, soft hair. Laurence paused in his humming, and Kori wondered if she had overstepped a boundary. Her hand was frozen on his head, waiting for his permission to pet him.
Laurence whispered, his mouth barely moving, “Don’t stop.”
Her heart was thudding, her cheeks had turned as red as the sunset, but she obliged without fear. Men were frightening to her. They were mysterious, unknowable creatures who were as violent as they were fascinating.
Male waifs spent most of their time hunting for food, and, due to her culture, the only male waif she was allowed to know well before she turned eighteen was her own father.
That didn’t stop her from constantly fantasizing about what it might be like to know one outside of her family intimately. Indeed, when she turned fifteen, it seemed as if it were impossible for her to think of anything other than these unknowable men.
Kori wondered if they were any different from her or if they were the same. She wondered if their skin was harder than hers, or if their hair was softer. She wondered what kind of thoughts were in their heads and wondered if those thoughts were worlds apart from her own or if they were the same.
And what of their feelings? Do their feelings differ from my own?
Kori’s hand stopped moving.
The man she fell in love with back in her village… She tried looking into his heart. She tried gauging his feelings, but she never could pick them apart. Not even with her magic.
“What’s wrong?” Laurence asked when Kori had stopped petting him.
“I…” Kori gulped. It had been only been three weeks since she had met him, but somehow, it was easy telling him the truth. “I was exiled from Trella because I was caught with a man that I liked. I am no longer pure.”
“Pure?” Laurence repeated, not following.
“I made love to a man before I turned eighteen. There is an eternal smudge on me. No good men will ever love me, and I will have no children.” Kori whispered.
Laurence grinned—it looked like he was about to laugh—but then he realized just how much this smudge on her soul meant to Kori by her pained face. Being the kind and compassionate man that he was, he wiped the condescending grin from his face. He put himself in her shoes--something nobody else had ever done for her--and soothed her with his words. “I see. I won’t pretend I understand anything about your religion or your culture, but I can see the pain your actions have caused you. I know I have no right to judge your culture based on my own, but… I just know that human women are expected to get married and bear children when they turn thirteen. I see nothing wrong with what you did. I see a beautiful young lady who most likely got swept up in her feelings and then acted on them. Personally, I don’t think there is a smudge on you.”
Kori’s cheeks were red—her head felt overwhelmed with embarrassment and shame—but somehow, Laurence’s understanding words made her feel like her fate wasn’t decided just yet.
Perhaps she might have children, after all.
***
“What are you thinking about, waif?” Casamir asked, interrupting her reverie—leaning against the thigh of the sleeping Anyananta.
Kori was so absorbed in the memory that she didn’t hear him.
“Are you thinking about the elf? Are you worried he won’t last the night?” Casamir queried.
Kori, who was staring sightlessly forward, now turned her attention to Casamir. “I’m thinking of many things, including Francis.”
“You should go back to sleep,” Casamir suggested. “I’m watching over you.”
Kori snorted. “You talk as if that should comfort me. You are in love with a beast, and I assume you are not far from being a beast, yourself. It wouldn’t surprise me if you tried to eat us while we slept.”
Casamir shook his head with an amused smile. “I am a dragon, not a beast.”
There’s no difference between a dragon and a beast Kori thought to herself.
Kori tuned into the world around her because she found herself constantly slipping away from it and into past memories. She listened to the crackling fire, the noisy crickets, the hooting of owls, the whistling wind, and the soft breathing of Francis.
Her concentration was broken when Casamir conjured a black ball of magic and began tossing it from palm-to-palm out of boredom.
Kori gazed at the fairy unblinkingly for a moment.
Suddenly, he seemed very familiar.
And it hit her all at once.
Eory’s dark, vicious eyes the night he was taken to the Crater flashed in her mind, making her flinch. Only one family on Yharos had such distinct, poisonous magic, and it was the Arrozan family. Kori’s heart was stricken with terror.
“You’re an Arrozan, aren’t you?” She whispered.
“I’m a dragon.” Casamir corrected her. “But yes, I was once an Arrozan, too.”
“But how?” Kori whispered, almost more to herself than anyone else. “The Arrozans were all killed but for Eory.”
“One went missing.” Casamir said shortly and without elaboration.
Kori thought long and hard about which Arrozan had gone missing. She was only familiar with the direct royal family which included Eory, his parents, and his older brother, Gershom.
She knew that Eory had an aunt and uncle who ruled over a dukedom and who had two children, but none were named Casamir…
Kori’s heart felt heavy and regretful. I’m almost certain Laurence executed them all…
Kori’s thoughts turned to Eory, and, like it always did, her heart burst with sadness. I’d do anything to have him back.
Kori had a fleeting memory of things that Eory used to say when he was a child.
“I think I should share this meal with the missing Arrozan!”
“I think the missing Arrozan is lonely. Maybe I should play with him?”
“I never got to say goodbye to the missing Arrozan…”
Kori thought that this missing Arrozan wasn’t real at all, and that Eory was making up a friend due to loneliness, but thinking back on it…
He was so specific about this Arrozan’s personality and physical features.
“Do you know Eory?” Kori asked.
At the mention of Eory’s name, the Arrozan’s big ears perked up. “Yes, I knew Eory. He was my cousin.”
Kori’s eyes widened. “Why have I never heard of you? I thought the duke only had two children.”
Casamir had a sincere frown on his face. He said to Kori, “I wandered far from home, and I disappeared. My parents must have swept my existence under the rug.”
Kori nodded. “That must have been the case. There was rumor throughout the whole of Maribel about a missing Arrozan, and Eory talked about a missing Arrozan all the time.”
Casamir looked up at the night sky with an odd smile on his face. “Of course, mother and father liked to sweep my existence under the rug entirely, even before I went missing. They were only going to reveal it at the same time that they were going to announce my betrothal to Eory, but I disappeared before then.”
Kori’s nose wrinkled at the prospect of cousins marrying, but couldn’t let herself be too shocked about it due to the fact that Eory’s own parents were siblings. She asked Casamir, “How did you disappear?”
Casamir grinned a toothy grin, and, in that moment, Kori couldn’t help but think that he truly did resemble a dragon, fangs and all. “I found true family when I disappeared, and I also found out who I was truly meant to be. A dragon. Arrozans are sick, perverted creatures, and I would have liked to burn them all to ash if I could have. Luckily, I heard that King Laurence already handled that for me. I have heard that dear old Cousin Eory survived. The foolish Redeemer of Maribel supposedly kept him alive out of some kind of foolish compassion for him. If I ever see him again, I would love to be the one to finish off the Arrozan line.”
Kori was once again made to feel ashamed and guilty for saving an innocent, young life. She was about to tell him he was wrong, because she couldn’t help herself when it came to Eory--she wanted to defend him even when he was far away, and even when she wasn’t even sure he was alive.
Kori’s words were halted when Casamir breathed deeply and then exhaled a plume of putrid, dark magic into the air that resembled fire in every way but in color. Kori was brought to fearful silence, wondering if he would breathe his evil magic on her.
Kori no longer felt like talking. She lowered herself to the ground and tried to go back to sleep.
***
She found herself dreaming incoherent, but intoxicating dreams of Laurence, her rescuer, and the man she simply couldn’t forget or move past. She twitched in her sleep, and smiled, too. Before he became king, he had devoted himself to her happiness so nicely, and for no other reason than that he was a good man. It was his selflessness that made her want to be Maribel’s Redeemer when he became king; indeed, it was partly his selflessness that made her want to save Eory even when Laurence himself wanted to execute him.
And in her mind, she found it incredibly difficult to reconcile the differences between Laurence the Peasant and Laurence the King. Laurence the Peasant spent much of his time sharing what little food he had with the other peasants of Maribel--including Kori and Laurence’s sister, Shirley--to the point that his ribs were showing. 
Laurence the King was brash and aggressive. He was dismissive of his subjects and seemed like he hardly wanted to rule at all. He enjoyed the power of having gold and subjects who admired him for deposing the Arrozans, but didn’t want to deal with the responsibilities that came with being king. His subjects didn’t seem to be able to detect this difference, but Kori could. Kori had a far more intimate relationship with Laurence than his subjects did, and she spoke a far more intimate language with him—one that only lovers could understand—that told her just how much he had changed.
Laurence the Peasant was kind with his hands and understanding of Kori’s inexperience when it came to lovemaking. It was Kori who had to make her desires to him known the first time that made love, and the memories of it made her feel warm even many years later. Kori had been standing on a chair, trying to reach a book on a shelf in Laurence’s house. Laurence came along and grabbed it for her, and she realized, at that moment, that she was at a height where she could easily kiss him.
She had never felt like she was his equal, either in height or in character since she had first met him, but suddenly, she was stricken with desire for him that overcame her fears. She wanted him, and she didn’t care whether she was worthy of him or not. She kissed him relentlessly, trying desperately to get his clothes off, but found it very difficult because she was so preoccupied with his mouth.
Laurence the King no longer flattered her or made her feel loved whenever he wanted her. Sometimes, he would call upon her under the guise that he wanted some advice about a political situation, only to rip her out of her clothes. He took no care to make sure she that she enjoyed herself. He was inconsiderate, and sometimes, far too rough. He would no longer allow her to look at him while they made love, and it bothered her to no end.
That was the biggest difference between Laurence the Peasant and Laurence the King. One of them looked at her, and the other didn’t.
At the limits of her dreams, there was another man who she could barely see. He kept coming closer and closer even as she pushed Laurence the King away, and was losing her already tenuous grip on Laurence the Peasant.
He kept coming closer and closer, even though Kori didn’t want him to, until finally, she could see him in clarity. It was Francis, and she couldn’t decide what it was that she was suddenly finding so attractive about him.
It could have been the fact that he was so young and outgoing where she was beginning to feel drained and old. It could have been the fact that he was flawlessly handsome like elves tended to be--it could have been his snarky personality or the fact that she found him funny even though she would never admit to herself that she did.
Or it could have been the fact that they were both hopelessly devoted to their respective king and queen despite knowing, deep down, that their king and queen would discard them both in an instant if it suited their needs.
Chapter Seventy-Two: Language
Together, Eory and the Astral Elf, Juree, examined the long word Eory was trying to translate. An hour had passed, and Eory consistently rubbed his temples while they worked. Juree, being as talented as he was at translating languages, went over Eory’s previous work in translating the long word, and found it to be satisfactory (although he had to make corrections with some letters). Indeed, the Astral Elf was impressed by Eory’s ability to recognize patterns in the letters and sentences well enough to discover what an R in the elven language looked like in Common.
“This is such an odd language…” Juree whispered. “It’s a privilege to be translating it with you. What book did this come from again?”
Eory, who was concentrating intensely on the long word he had copied down onto a piece of parchment, answered without looking at Juree, “Moonpool.”
Juree scratched his chin. “Stars above, I didn’t even know we had such a book on our shelves.”
“You're not familiar with the work?” Eory asked.
Juree shook his head. “No. I’m so very old—so old that I lost count—and yet I’ve never even heard of or seen this book…”
Eory chuckled a little. He was nervous around Juree like he was around all strangers, but the fact that they had a common interest of translating the word (and a common interest in language) put him somewhat at ease. Nonetheless, he still whispered shyly and had trouble making eye contact. “Everyone I know is so old! Pollyanna and Maruka, and now you, too… Even Them is pretty old!”
Juree smiled. “Ah yes… I think Maruka and Pollyanna might be around the same age, and they are, indeed, very old. Them is one of our newest recruits, correct? He doesn’t look very old...”
Eory shrugged. “Well, he’s twenty-eight.”
Juree covered his mouth with a hand, hiding a grin behind it. “You think twenty-eight is old?”
Eory blushed, lowering his gaze. Embarrassment overwhelmed him. “Everyone seems old to me. I can’t tell if it’s because I’m so young or if it’s because I have so little experience.”
Juree realized that his laughter had hurt the fairy’s feelings. He uncovered his mouth and donned a serious and compassionate expression. “Youth and inexperience are nothing to be ashamed of. In fact, I think you should enjoy your innocence while you still have it. Before you know it, it will be gone.”
Eory momentarily set the long word aside and flipped through the Common-to-Dwarvish translation book that Juree had brought with him—a book that Juree himself had written. While Eory scanned the pages, he replied, “I’m so sick of being inexperienced, though. I want to do things adults do.”
Eory’s mind flitted to Maruka relentlessly. He couldn’t stop thinking of the things he would like to do with him. He scratched his arm mercilessly like had had been doing the entire night since Maruka had left. The selkie had left an itch that the fairy couldn’t scratch.
“You should take it easy. There are things you just can’t get back, and innocence is one of them.” Juree murmured despondently.
Eory continued scratching his arm until it bled. He sighed, feeling relieved. He clenched and unclenched his fists; he could concentrate again.
He got back to translating.
“Just how old are you?” Eory asked as Juree borrowed the fairytale written in the waif language.
“I’m one of the oldest Astral Elves alive, to give you an idea. I was alive before our ancestry split and Astral Elves and elves became separate races… I have seen whole civilizations come and go. Indeed, there was a species on Yharos—a species that made me fall love with languages in the first place--that is now long dead.” Juree rubbed his eyes, looking wistful and regretful.
Eory sketched down a letter from the waif language that looked similar to the letter in the sentence from Moonpool. “You seem a lot more… Outgoing than the other Astral Elves. Why is that?”
While Eory worked on translating that letter, Juree turned his attention to a different one—one that looked dwarvish to him. “Oh, the other Astral Elves had this silly notion that their emotions were the cause of the in-fighting with the other Astral Elves who wanted to keep slaves, so they purged their emotions using magic. I took no part in it.”
Eory paused in the midst of trying to find the match for the waif letter in the Common version of the fairytale he had brought. “They have no emotions?”
Juree shook his head. “None at all.”
Eory’s attention was split; he was thinking about how nice it might be not to have emotions while at the same time trying to concentrate and make sure that the letter in the waif language did, indeed, correspond to the letter in Common.
Eory thought of his dark passions and desires, wondering if the whole world would be better off if he didn’t have emotions, and if he would be, too. He whispered, “I wish I didn’t have emotions. Can you purge them?”
Juree chuckled, shaking his head. “I would never do something so cruel. I know that having emotions can hurt worse than even the deepest wound at times, but a life where you can’t feel companionship, or joy, or desire, or love, and yes, even pain, is not one worth living. You’ve seen the other Astral Elves; they are little more than walking corpses.”
Eory derailed their conversation, showing Juree his translation of the letter. “It bears the most resemblance to this letter from the waif language, but it’s still not an exact copy…”
Juree looked at the letter, setting his own letter aside. “The only difference is this dot above the letter, which resembles an accent mark from the elven language… I must assume that your translation is correct.”
Eory smiled at that and then picked a different letter to translate, working in silence for a time.
At the back of his mind, Eory kept thinking of the emotions he wished he didn’t have. He hunched over, hugging his stomach. He thought of how Pollyanna, his closest companion in the fortress--the woman who had never dreamed of abandoning the Arrozan family--had watched him being dragged away by the human, Ashaya, and done nothing about it. He thought of how Maruka, a man who kissed him so well and doted on him so lovingly, refused to take the bracelet off that was inhibiting his power, despite the fact that it meant Eory could not defend himself against Ashaya. Uncertainty about the motives of these two people who he couldn’t stop himself from loving so much morphed into sharp pain in both his mind and stomach. Eory said aloud, “Why should you think pain is worth feeling?”
Juree tapped his pen against his cheek, pondering his letter and Eory’s question “Because if all you felt was happiness, you wouldn’t even be able to tell you were feeling happiness any longer. You would have nothing to compare it to, after all. It would quickly become a neutral state—like feeling nothing at all. I know you have lived a life of pain and suffering. I’ve heard of how you were caged and raised with only one companion—the Redeemer of Maribel--but I imagine the pieces of joy you have experienced, despite such pain, have felt all the more precious because of it.”
Eory gave it some thought. His life had been mostly composed of painful memories and even more painful emotions. He thought about the scraps of happiness he had experienced often to keep himself from going mad: He thought about how Kori had saved him when no one else would, and the fierce loyalty and love he felt toward her for not just saving his body, but trying to save his soul as well. He thought about how grateful he was to Them and Terran for saving him from Ashaya, and how their companionship made him feel so comfortable in his own skin.
He thought of Pollyanna, kneeling by his side and thumbing away a speck of snow on his cheek. Somehow, that moment had somehow eclipsed and encapsulated every fleeting feeling of happiness he had ever felt. He still blushed when he thought of it; he still felt electrified by it, despite it being so innocent. He felt like both he and Pollyanna had shared something with each other in that moment—something deep and untouchable within themselves that belonged to nobody but themselves—that nobody else on Yharos had ever experienced before.
And just thinking of this holy thing—this piece of untouchable happiness that nobody else could experience—made Eory smile with no hesitation.
He conceded with a great amount of reticence, “I suppose the scraps of happiness I have experienced are worth the pain.”
The two worked diligently without speaking for a time. They were quickly getting through the letters. Juree was essentially a talking translator; he taught Eory translation tips and corrected any mistakes he made with ease.
“You’re so knowledgeable,” Eory sighed, feeling jealous of the man’s talents. “I don’t know why you didn’t write more translation books than just this Common-to-dwarvish one.”
Juree shrugged. “I just lost passion for translating the written word after awhile. I know I don’t have much of an excuse for it, considering that I have lived more than enough years and have had more than enough experience when it comes to language to make translation books for every language. I became more interested in other things as I aged, and I simply never rekindled in interest in translation.”
Eory made a face, unable to help his hateful thoughts. He has all this talent and he wastes it.
“I tried my hand at other things I was interested in instead.” Juree continued. “I tried dancing, drawing, composing music, and I even tried my hand at marriage. I was a failure in all of them. Do you know what the funny thing is? I put more effort into all of those things I was a failure in than I ever put in for language. I guess I just wasn’t meant to be good at those other things.”
Eory felt a chill crawl up his spine at the man’s sentence. He’s lived several lifetimes, trying to perfect his hand at these things, and he’s never been able to. It’s as if there is something inside of him that prevents him from being good at them!
Discomfort bit into Eory’s hopes and dreams and he, in turn, bit into his arm. Again, he was confronted with the idea that perhaps he was simply not meant to be a good person in the same way that Juree was not meant to be good at drawing, dancing, music, or marriage.
The only one worth pleasing is yourself. Pollyanna’s firm voice brought him back to reality and redirected his thoughts. I can do it; I can prove to myself that I am good.
Eory drew his thoughts, instead, to a curious thing that Juree had mentioned earlier. “You said there was a species on Yharos that went extinct? One that got you interested in languages in the first place?”
Juree rubbed his temples. Despite the fact that his skin had no apparent wrinkles, he looked old. His brown eyes seemed like they had seen too much and were duller than any other Astral Elf's. “They were an interesting species. They spoke entirely with their hands and didn’t use their voices at all. I couldn’t understand them at all at first; they would make symbols with their hands at such a fast pace that I couldn’t dream of guessing what each symbol meant. I became fascinated by it, however, and I found that I wanted nothing other than to learn their language. I had a natural talent for learning other languages, after all, so I figured I would be good at learning theirs as well. I toiled for a year, trying my best to memorize what each hand signal meant, but I was missing an important component of their language that I could never guess. When they touched my hands for the first time, they transmitted inflection and emotions to their hand signals that made the language make sense. It was beautiful…”
Eory could tell by the man’s tone of voice the love and admiration he had for the species. He asked, “What happened to them?”
“They were a species who lived on magic. As the years went by, Yharos began to be drained of magic. They starved to death.” Juree lamented, his eyes glimmering with unshed tears. “After that, I studied other languages for many years because I was so inspired by their language. Unfortunately, no other languages held the enchantment theirs did.” Juree replied.
Eory blinked confusedly. “Magic? Yharos used to have more magic?”
“Oh yes,” Juree answered as he scribbled something down on his piece of parchment. “Everything on Yharos used to sizzle with magic. Rocks, trees, water, but it’s all being eaten away by a lack of faith, passion, curiosity, and an overabundance of hatred and unrelenting rigidity.”
“How can you tell?” Asked Eory. “Are you able to see magic?”
Juree shook his head. “No, but I can feel it. When the world was younger, I felt energized and indestructible. Now, I feel slow and lethargic.”
Eory wondered if he might feel happier if there were more magic in the world. I would love to feel happier… Maybe it’s the lack of magic in this world that is partly responsible for this merciless unhappiness.
Eory was in awe of this species he would never get to meet and this overabundance of magic he would never get to experience. It was all he could think about while he translated.
Time passed, and eventually, the pair only had two letters left to translate. At that time, Eory realized that it was far past his bedtime, but he refused to retire.
I must finish this translation!
To keep himself awake and alert, he asked Juree, “What was the name of the species?”
Juree didn’t answer for a moment; he had a defensive look on his face. It was as if he wanted to hold onto that knowledge—as if he thought Eory wasn’t worthy of knowing the name—but eventually, he smiled and whispered, “Aneemanai. They had four arms, red skin, and good hearts. They shared what they had to share and treated everyone they met with respect and dignity.”
Eory would never meet them, but even just hearing about them made him want to. His mind drew up a picture of them that he desperately wanted to put to paper, but it would have to wait.
Two hours later, Eory and Juree finished their translation, and together, they combed over their work to make sure it was as accurate as it could possibly be. Each letter that combined a letter from two languages changed the sound it made and the meaning of the word, which took Eory and Juree the most time to unpack. 
The word it spelled was enigmatic, and neither knew what to make of it.
Red Moon Knight.
Eory felt devastated—like he had wasted his time chasing a red herring.
Juree was just as baffled as Eory was. Together, they both continued to throw around ideas of what the word could mean.
“Perhaps it’s a knight who really existed? Some sort of historical figure?” Eory suggested, scratching his head.
Juree sighed. “I don’t think so. I probably would have heard of such a knight unless he was even before my time.”
Eory fell deep into thought, and then he smiled. “What if it’s an idiom?”
Juree gave it some thought. A smile came to his own face. “Maybe it is, but how do we figure out what it means?”
Eory testily tapped his feet on a dried patch of paint beneath his feet. “I don’t know…”
Chapter Seventy-Three: Dreary Morning
Eliita woke up feeling well rested, but she wanted to stay in bed nonetheless to enjoy Terran’s company. She wrapped her arms tightly around his stomach with a smile on her face.
“It’s time to get up, isn’t it?” Terran grumbled.
“Let’s stay just a little while longer.” Eliita suggested with a yawn, resting her face against the back of Terran’s neck.
They stayed like that for a time, but when they heard the mumbling of other recruits out in the hallway, Eliita groaned and rolled to the edge of the bed, swinging her legs off the side of it. “I guess we should get up.”
She over her shoulder. Terran wasn’t moving.
Eliita asked, “Are you feeling okay?”
Terran sat up stiffly, his back still facing her. He hung his own legs off the opposite side of the bed, hunching over. “I’m fine…”
Eliita crawled over to him, pushing her cheek into his back and hugging him closely. “Last night didn’t cheer you up…?”
Terran cleared his throat. “It did… But bad dreams followed.”
Eliita frowned. “About what?”
“About my brother.” Terran said shortly, getting to his feet.
Eliita watched him silently. She wished she could help Terran when it came to Francis, but he was the only one who could mend his relationship with his brother.
The pair grabbed their clothes and headed to the baths.
Out in the hallway, they were joined by Them, who was looking exhausted and despondent.
Eliita wondered why everyone was feeling so down.
Since she was little, Eliita liked taking care of people; she used to take care of her father, after all. She liked reminding him to eat well and liked to cook healthy foods for him. She liked bringing his spirits up with jokes when he was down, and she liked making sure he went to bed on time every night. She liked to do the same for Terran. “Why is everyone so quiet?” Eliita wondered aloud with a giggle. “Today isn’t any worse than any other day.”
Them sighed, snorting laughter through his nostrils. “I had a rough night, so my day might be a little worse than usual.”
Eliita, who could tell that laughter was the easiest way to cheer Them up, pursed her lips and teased him. “You poor thing; we already have such a high chance of dying, and I think you heightened your chance by not getting enough sleep.”
Them laughed heartily. “You are a ray of sunshine on an overcast day, beautiful.”
Eliita hoped Terran would have something to say about the waif calling his woman beautiful, but he didn’t even glance backwards. Eliita stared at his back, unable to stop worrying about him.
“Eliita!” A voice shrieked excitedly.
The dwarf glanced behind her. Eory was waving a piece of parchment above his head while shouldering his way past dozens of recruits.
Terran turned around, looking in Eliita’s direction for the first time that morning, even though she was not the focus of his attention. The elf looked hypnotized by Eory’s approach—as if it transported him to another place. As Eory dashed toward them, one of the recruits stuck their leg out in front of him. Eory yelped, tripping over it and careening toward the hard, iron ground. Terran caught him around the stomach with his arm. Eory looked up at him, Terran looked back.
Eliita's heart was broken; she could tell by his glassy eyes and his pensive face how much Terran wished the fairy were Francis.
Eory beamed. “You saved me again! Thank you so much!”
Terran set the fairy upright and removed his arm. “Just be more careful.”
Eory couldn’t stop smiling his thanks. Terran, however, had nothing more to say. He continued on his way to the baths. Eliita gave the fairy her attention. “Did you have something to tell me, Eory?”
Eory nodded eagerly. “You see, I’ve been hard at work at finding a way to get rid of the doppelgangers, and I found this book that might hold the key. I spent all night translating this word that showed up in the book and—”
Eliita eyed the fairy carefully. She tsked. “Look at those deep circles under your eyes! And you all wonder why you’re so grumpy… I know this great dwarven recipe for tea that can help you sleep at night. I wonder if the Astral Elves would allow me to make it?”
Eory made a face. “I’m not a child… I can take care of myself…”
Eliita grinned, squeezing his shoulder. “Adults know when to go to bed.”
Eory’s sour expression didn’t change for a moment, but then he looked down at the iron floor with a gentle smile. “I didn’t know you cared about me.”
Eliita felt bad for the fairy; his overly gracious attitude towards even the tiniest shreds of kindness were indicative of a person deprived of affection. “Of course I do. You’ve done nothing wrong, and you’ve treated me kindly enough. Not only that, but… Terran likes you very much.” Eliita whispered, glancing toward Terran.
“He does?” Eory replied breathlessly. His face glowed with pride.
“You remind him of someone. Someone he loves very much.” Eliita replied. She drew her gaze back to Eory, her eyes falling upon his bandaged arm. She raised an eyebrow. “By the way, what happened to your arm? Things moved so quickly yesterday that I didn’t get a chance to ask you.”
“I was getting to that!” Eory exclaimed. “You see, I’ve been translating this sentence from a book called Moonpool, and I have this feeling that it holds the key to getting rid of the doppelgangers. An Astral Elf named Juree was translating the book with me, and he told me that the sentence structure is the most similar to the dwarven language. We translated the word and—”
Eliita held up a hand, staying his words. “What does this have to do with that bandage?”
Eory pursed his lips, narrowing his eyes in frustration and wishing the dwarf would let him finish. “I had to jot the word down from the book because it’s only visible in the light of the moon--and I didn’t know whether it could be the full moon or any moon! I couldn’t wait another day, so I wrote it on my arm.”
Eliita was stunned. She tried to say something, but the words wouldn’t come out. She managed to say after a moment, “You carved the word into your arm…? Don’t you care anything for your own skin?”
“I have more pressing concerns than skin!” Eory snapped, annoyed by her judgement. “Is there an idiom in the dwarven language called red moon knight?”
Eliita looked down. The fairy gave her the strangest, most uncomfortable feeling in her stomach. She saw a certain madness when she looked into his glowing, rosy eyes; a madness that told her he had no respect for his body and would destroy it if it suited his purposes. “Eory, you could have bled to death. Don’t you understand the magnitude of what you did?”
Recruits brushed past the pair, taking their noisy conversations with them until almost all sound in the hall faded to distant murmurs.
“Answer my question.” Eory persisted, ignoring hers.
Eliita crossed her arms, unafraid. “No. Not until you answer mine.”
Eory’s nails were tearing furiously into the skin that was not yet damaged on his bandaged arm. “Skin is just skin! It can heal! But everyday I don’t do something about these doppelgangers is a day another recruit dies!”
Eliita’s forehead wrinkled with worry. “You live in that skin, Eory. Perhaps you should treat it with the respect it deserves. I’ve seen you biting it and scratching it like it means nothing to you. Besides, these recruits have not been kind to you.”
Eory groaned, heading toward the baths. “My life is meaningless! The only way I can give it meaning is if I can use it to save others.”
Eliita stood still for a moment, wondering what she should tell him.
She could feel the twisted pain inside of the fairy—just being around him made her feel lonely. She wanted to make him feel better. She caught up to him and said, “Your life isn’t meaningless. You have friends who would miss you dearly if you were gone—friends who apparently care more about your skin than you do…”
“You barely know me. You might miss me for a few days if I died, but you would forget about me quickly enough—”
Eliita impulsively grabbed the fairy’s wrist and made him look at her. “Those who have died leave permanent marks on me!”
Eory was silenced by the angry passion in her voice. He turned away for a moment, hiding oncoming tears. Eliita realized that her intensity had been too much for him.
A hard moment passed.
Eliita cleared her throat, changing the subject. “I’m sorry, Eory. Tell me again what this word you translated was?”
Eory took a moment, wiping his tears away. He whispered, “Red Moon Knight.”
Eliita wracked her memories for anything to do with such words. Slowly, a memory resurfaced. “Father told me that, long ago, at midnight on the fifteenth of every month, we dwarves believed that a red moon would rise and swallow everything it touched, so we would retreat underground for a day until the red night vanished.”
Eliita could tell by his face that Eory was thinking intensely about how this new piece of information might tie in with the doppelgangers. She smiled, charmed by his persistence.
“Why did dwarves believe such a thing?” Eory asked, still wiping stressed tears away as the two began moving again.
“Supposedly, long ago, such a night truly occurred, and almost all creatures on Yharos were wiped out. We dwarves kept this legend because most other creatures died.” Eliita explained with a shrug. “I don’t know if it’s true or not; really, only dwarven royalty knows of this legend.”
Eory didn’t reply for a time; he was deep in thought. “Do you know which of your dwarven books contains this legend?”
Eliita nodded. “Yes, but there’s only one copy called The Beginning, and it’s sitting on Father’s shelf. There were other books that mentioned the event, but I don’t remember what they were called.”
A smile was brought back to Eory’s face. “Thank you… I think this information will lead me somewhere.”
“Glad to be of service!” Eliita replied. She looked at his bandaged arm, clearing her throat awkwardly. She made the pitch of her voice higher and the volume lower. “Promise me you’ll be kinder to yourself so that you can bring about the demise of the doppelgangers.?”
Eory stared forward blankly for a time. Eventually, he answered, “I will.”
__
--While she bathed, Eliita kept glancing over at the old woman, Pollyanna. The dwarf’s heart went out to her.
She was alone. Not even Eory was keeping her company. Eliita knew it was none of her business, but her heart was telling her that the two should be together, even if it wasn’t in a romantic way.
Eliita looked around her. Terran wasn’t looking at her, Them, while he was precocious as usual, seemed downright exhausted, and Eory was too transfixed with proving he was good to care about anything else but a new lead on getting rid of the doppelgangers.
Eliita grinned. I know how to cheer them up! She climbed out of her bath early and headed to the mess hall.
***
Eliita headed to the kitchen and asked the Astral Elves if she could make up plates of food for her friends. They allowed it. She cooked her dwarven specialties and decorated the plates with food so they looked especially attractive. She carried the plates out to the mess hall and waited for her friends to arrive. They marched through the doors looking miserable, which she wasn’t surprised about. She waved them over, yelling their names cheerfully.
All of them came but for Pollyanna, who sat by herself.
Eory couldn’t take his eyes off the old woman for a moment. He sniffed audibly as he approached Eliita. Them and Terran trailed him. Terran sat down next to Eliita, kissing her on the cheek with the reserved, but loving smile that she adored. “This looks amazing.”
Them was beaming. “I didn’t know you could cook, Eliita!”
Terran wrapped an arm around her shoulder, making her blush. “Of course she can. Eliita is the best wife in the world!”
Them blinked and paused while eating a perfectly prepared dwarven vegetable. “Wife?”
Eory cocked his head to the side. “Are you two married?”
Terran shook his head. “No, but I’d like to be.”
“I’d love to be, too.” Eliita agreed, lowering her eyes in slight embarrassment. Eory and Them were unable to look away from her for a moment--shock was plastered on their faces.
Eory shook his head, snapping out of whatever spell he was apparently under. “Why aren’t you married? You two seem to be so in love.”
“Only a father can give away his daughter in dwarven culture. Mine never approved of Terran.” Eliita lamented.
“Elves would never approve of an interracial wedding, so neither my family nor the queen approved.” Terran chimed in. Eliita felt comfortable again. When Terran was sad, she felt sad, too. Since he was talking again, she felt rejuvenated.
“How could anyone disapprove of you two? You’re so...” Eory looked at them with dreamy eyes. “You’re like something out of a fairy tale!”
Them rolled his eyes, nudging Eory with an elbow. “You’re such a dreamer.” Terran said nothing, but he smiled at Eory silently and then focused on eating Eliita’s wonderful breakfast.
Them inhaled a spoonful of rice with pieces of meat sprinkled on top. His eyes widened. He swallowed and said without a hint of sarcasm, “That is the best thing I have ever tasted. You must tell me where to find a woman like Eliita!”
Terran replied truthfully, “There’s no woman like Eliita, and even if there were, she would never take interest in a scallywag like you, waif.”
Eliita felt safe and warm. Everyone was smiling again.
Throughout breakfast, Eory kept glancing at Terran. Several times, he whispered something to Them, but neither Eliita nor Terran could hear what they were saying.
“What are you two whispering about?” Eliita finally asked.
Eory sank into his chair, making himself as small as possible. Them laughed, poking Eory’s shoulder playfully. “He was saying that he wants Terran to teach him how to use a sword.”
Terran, who had been smiling and talking gaily with everyone at the table, suddenly lowered his spoon and looked ahead sightlessly. Eliita touched Terran’s arm, her forehead creasing with worry.
“Y-you don’t have to…” Eory said quickly. “I told Them it was a bad idea, I wasn’t even going to suggest it, but…”
Them covered Eory’s mouth, muffling his words. “Don’t listen to him—he admires you, Terran! You should teach him how to fight with a blade. Frankly, I wouldn’t mind learning, either.” Terran’s eyes were fixed on Eory, and the fairy melted under his gaze while he tried to pry Them’s hand from his mouth so he could plead his case. Terran’s eyes glazed over. He wiped his mouth with a napkin and stood up. “Excuse me,” was all he said before leaving the mess hall.
Eliita watched him go, her heart thudding with worry.
Them blinked rapidly. “I honestly thought he would be flattered by Eory wanting to learn the sword. I’m not even half his size, but I guess my skin is twice as thick!”
Pete jingled and jangled, apparently scolding his friend.
Eory bowed his head, apologizing profusely. “I’m so sorry, Eliita! I knew it was an insult for a coward like me who has so little skill at fighting to ask a warrior of his caliber to train me!”
Eliita shook her head. “Don’t worry about it, Eory. Something else is bothering him.”
Chapter 73.5: The Thailgand
Them reached out to Taylor at night, wanting to meet her on the dream plains so that he could tell her he was done with her, but that he still wished to be her friend.
But she wasn’t there.
He reached out several more times to no avail.
He tossed and turned, worrying endlessly about her. Perhaps Eory had become too strong for her and he had overcome her. Such a prospect terrified him; he much preferred Taylor to Eory, despite the fact that he was becoming fond of Eory as well.
Them sat up under his covers, smoothing his hair back after trying to meet with Taylor for the tenth time that night.
Them was sweating; he wasn’t sure if it was because of the weather, his blankets, his nerves, or all three. 
Pete watched over him while he slept.
Anyone else might have found that menacing, but Them found it comforting as he always did. He essentially had an eternal guardian watching over him, after all. He lamented to Pete about being unable to contact Taylor, and then blissfully managed to get a little sleep.
__
Them intended to ask Eory about Taylor during breakfast, but held off because he found his spirits lifting due to Eliita’s kind gestures of cooking for them. He didn’t want to spoil his mood or anyone else’s.
He chatted with his three friends at the table a time. Eory whispered something amusing in his ear. “Terran’s such a mighty warrior! I wish I could be like him. Do you think he would teach me the sword?”
Them saw an opportunity for amusement. “Just ask him! I know he looks like a grumpy downer, but he’s easy enough to get along with!”
Eory grimaced. “I couldn’t possibly! He would be offended by my asking…”
Them goaded Eory relentlessly, but the fairy was too cowardly to ask. Eventually, the waif asked on his behalf, seemingly causing Terran to storm off in offense.
With the elf gone, things became less merry. However, Eliita still did her best to keep everyone happy; she kept chatting to fill in the silence that Terran left.
Them wished he could be attracted to women like Eliita; she was nothing but sweetness, loyalty, and sunshine. For some odd reason, he knew he would always prefer women like Taylor, however.
Eliita asked Eory, “How’s that arm feeling?”
Eory smiled sheepishly. “It’s feeling okay.”
“What did happen to your arm? Did you sprain it while practicing with your bow?” Them teased.
Eory made a face. “No… It was just—I did something reckless.”
Eliita explained it to Them, and Them was astonished. “Why would you go and ruin those perfect, soft, milky white arms? Taylor will be furious when she finds out!”
Eory ate a piece of broccoli, avoiding Them’s gaze. After he swallowed, he said, “Actually, Taylor is still pretty mad at you. I don’t think she’ll be coming back any time soon. I asked her to come back out and everything, but she said that she’s fine taking a rest. I told her that you missed her a lot.”
Them frowned deeply. He wished that he had been kinder to her. He wished that he had just told her his deepest secret so that she would have stayed with him. He couldn’t blame her for being so angry; she had told him things about herself that were incredibly personal, after all. He should have done the same.
Them turned toward Eory, wiping the frown from his face and replacing it with a smile. “Well, if you’re in there, Taylor, I promise to tell you my darkest secret if you ever decide to come back out. I guess in the meantime, Eory will have to be my best friend.”
Eory chuckled at that.
“If he’s your best friend,” Eliita said, sipping her tea, “Perhaps he should tell you more about himself.”
Eory blinked confusedly. “He already knows almost everything there is to know.”
“I doubt it.” Eliita said. “Sure, we all know that you were kept indoors most of your life, but what did you do indoors?”
Eory averted his gaze ashamedly. “Well, like I told you all before, I did a lot of art… I did a little writing for fun, and I did a lot of numbers and letters. I suppose… I answered a lot of ethical questions, too.”
“Ethical questions?” Them asked curiously.
Eory sighed deeply. “Everyday she visited, Kori asked me something to test whether I knew right from wrong. She would ask me things like, ‘if another boy had a toy you wanted, would you ask him for it or take it from him?’ and ‘do you think it is right for your parents to execute a whole family if it is only the father who speaks out of turn’? Or, my personal favorite, ‘is it right for you to tell a woman she is fat, or should you bite your tongue?;”
Them and Eliita erupted in laughter at the last ethical dilemma.
Eory chuckled a little, himself.
Them winked. “I would never tell a woman such a thing! The more flesh on a woman’s hips the better! It makes them easier to grab!”
Eliita rolled her eyes. “Goodness, why can’t you ever consider what is inside a woman rather than outside?” She turned her attention to Eory. “Did you answer these ethical questions correctly?”
Eory grinned awkwardly. “I may have… Turned my nose up at the idea of not telling a fat woman the truth.”
Eliita and Them roared with laughter.
“I just can’t imagine Eory having a single malicious bone in his body!” Eliita exclaimed, wiping tears of laughter from her eyes.
Them nodded in agreement. “He’s as harmless as a fly! Who knew that he could sting like a bee?”
Eory blushed in embarrassment. After their laughter had died down, he said, “In truth, I got all of the questions wrong for the longest time when she started asking them…”
Eory’s somber sentence enveloped them all in a moody silence.
Eliita shook her head, snorting sarcastically. “Here I am trying to cheer you all up and this incurably miserable fairy keeps dragging us all into the pits of despair!”
Eory murmured, “It has a happy ending… For the longest time, I just couldn’t understand why Kori wanted me to answer the questions the way she did. I always thought to myself, ‘if I want something, why shouldn’t I take it if I’m strong enough?’ or, ‘if a rowdy peasant is threatening my father’s power, then he should be killed and made an example of’. Because I knew the answer Kori wanted, however, I made sure to memorize the correct answer to each one and give it to her, despite not understanding or caring why she wanted me to answer it that way. I had no ability… To consider what was right for others back then. Anything that disempowered me or my family was the wrong answer back then. But now...”
Eory looked at Them and Eliita with appreciative eyes. “Now that people have shown that they care about me—someone who was born a monster—I know why I answered those questions wrong. They were wrong because they hurt good people—good people like you two.”
Eliita pressed her palm to her heart, warmed by his revelation. “You’re so sweet, Eory.”
Them grinned cheerfully. “Thank goodness the Redeemer saved you. It’s a pleasure to know someone so sweet and… Naïve…” Them trailed off, thinking of Taylor’s naivety and wishing she would come back.
The three of them chatted a little longer, until, eventually, Them cleared his throat, thinking of a way he might be able to bring Taylor back.
“I won’t tell you the deepest secret about me, Taylor, but I will tell Eory and Eliita the rollicking story of how I ended up in this lovely, dour fortress, and you’ll miss it entirely since you’re busy pouting.” Them announced cheerfully.
By his side, he could feel the annoyance of Pete, who chimed, You should be thankful that that leech is gone.
Them ignored his friend and began his story.
__
While Them was in Maaris, the Land of the Gamayuns, he heard of an item that lay therein with the power to gift great magic to those born with little of it.
The constant snowstorm had died down that day, and Them and Pete decided to take the opportunity to venture out into the village near Pietro’s house.
Them enjoyed the cool weather and the calming snowflakes drifting down from the sky as he followed the dirt path laden with snow.
Them and Pete had been hard at work in honing his ability to access the dream plains. Them accessed them so often so that he could see Taylor, but she wasn’t his only reason for accessing the dream plains.
The other reason was that he had finally, after so many years, had some control over magic.
He found himself feeling empowered. He had finally obtained a semblance of the magic that he thought would make him feel complete. The power was addicting, even if it wasn’t terribly useful.
Them was mastering the magic quickly, and he wanted to learn new magic, even though Pietro said that it would be impossible.
As Them strolled down the village path, framed on either side by lamp lights, he sighed and said to Pete, “I want to learn more magic…”
“Careful what you wish for.” An old gamayun woman warned. She was sitting on her porch in a rocking chair, enjoying the slightly warmer weather. “Many seek the power you’re after, and they end up mad, or at the Crater, or worse.”
Them paused, looking at the silver-feathered old woman curiously. “Something exists which can actually grant me such power…?’
“A gamayun alchemist supposedly has it hidden in the bowels of Castle Maaris. Nobody knows what it looks like.” The old woman said.
Them paused a moment longer, and then kept walking, paying no further regard to the woman. He snorted. “Such an item can’t exist, can it, Pete?”
Pete shrugged. Gamayuns are very smart creatures. They may have created such an item.
Them asked Pietro about the item when he returned to the gamayun’s house.
“An item that grants great magical power?” Pietro repeated when Them asked him about it. “Well, I suppose there’s no reason to lie; such a thing does, indeed, exist. One of my colleagues—Rambert—and I created it.”
Them was intrigued. “Can you make one for me?”
Pietro threw his head back, laughing raucously. “Of course not. I have begged my friend to destroy the Thailgand over and over again, but he won’t see reason and neither will the king. The Thailgand is dangerous; we have tested it on many creatures and it caused them to be consumed by magic entirely and then cease to exist.”
Them was disheartened by this knowledge, but he didn’t want to give up so quickly on the possibility of having greater magical capabilities. “It’s barely been tested though, right? Perhaps it does work on certain individuals.”
Pietro tsked. “I know you want magic more than anything, little waif, but the Thailgand doesn’t work that way—it has no off button. Once it starts filling a creature with magic, it doesn’t stop until they are killed by it.”
Them murmured with half-lidded eyes, “Oh…”
Nevertheless, in the next few months, the Thailgand was all Them could think of. He continued working for Pietro, fetching the old buzzard wood, wrenches, hammers, and sheets of metal whenever the bird asked him to.
But Them was reckless. When he wanted something, he would stop at nothing to get it.
Without telling Pete of his intentions, he strolled through Pietro’s village and asked some of the residents what kind of work a waif such as himself might be able to find at the castle.
All of them told him that he might be able to find work as a mechanist due to the fact that Gamayuns were not particularly strong or dexterous creatures and they could always use help in lifting heavy items and screwing bolts in.
Pete wondered what he was up to. Them, you’re not thinking of stealing the Thailgand, are you?
Them whispered with a wink, “Of course I am!”
Soon after, Them left Pietro in the dead of night, traveling on foot to Castle Maaris with Pete in tow. The wisp continuously tried to convince his friend not to go, but Them didn’t listen.
Finding work as a mechanic in the castle was surprisingly easy. The gamayuns favored the fact that Them was small and could easily be jailed if it turned out he was a criminal; his height also allowed him to easily climb into the various machines they were making.
Nonetheless, the gamayuns, being creatures of intelligence, kept a close eye on him. He was always being followed by gamayun guards who held sharp spears in their talons.
Pete was incredibly stressed out the entire time they worked at the castle. Them, I beg you to reconsider this. One wrong move and you’re dead.
Them wasn’t worried. The Antler had foretold his death long ago, and it had been hanging over him for so long that he was no longer afraid of it.
Besides, Them had a plan.
He would wait until the entire castle was asleep and, with help from Pete, knock out the guards who kept watch over him. Under his mattress, Them had hidden stolen sheets of urbanium, which Pietro told him was a type of metal that could inhibit magic. Them planned to encase the Thailgand in these sheets of metal once he had received substantial magic from it.
Them knew where the Thailgand lay. It was, indeed, hidden in the bowels of the castle behind a heavy metal door where Rambert reportedly toiled with it daily, trying to figure out how to bless creatures with magic without killing them. Them and the alchemists he worked for often worked with machines in a wide hall adjacent to the Thailgand. The alchemists, deciding Them was not to be feared, told him where it was and how to access it in a casual conversation.
The door only opened when either Rambert or Pietro pressed their feathers against a red, glowing panel to the left of the door.
Having spent so much time with Pietro, Them knew that the door must be controlled by something that Pietro called, ‘electricity’, something that was widespread in Maaris but in no other kingdom.
Them stole some of Pietro’s feathers before heading to Castle Maaris, realizing that they were probably what was needed to open the door which he heard many rumors about before going to Castle Maaris. Pietro had shown the waif many inventions which required the gamayun’s touch to open, leading the waif to thinking that his feathers might be required to open this supposed door in the bowels of the castle.
Pete had been particularly noisy on the day that Them decided to steal the Thailgand. During the day, while Them worked on building a metal contraption for the gamayuns, Pete ceaselessly begged his friend to cease his plan. Please reconsider, Them! If you don’t… I swear I’ll leave!
Them rolled his eyes, ignoring his friend. He knew the wisp would do no such thing.
“Does that wisp never shut up? The gamayuns asked while Them worked.
“Oh, he’s just excited.” Them replied.
Eventually, night came and the entire castle was in bed but for the guards, Them, and Pete.
Them had memorized the schedule of the guards and knew which directions to go in in order to avoid them. The only ones he had to worry about were the two that watched him even while he slept.
Them, we can still stop this! Pete cried. Why won’t you listen to reason?
“You know your role, right?” Them whispered as he took his boots off and crawled under his sheets.
Pete protested no longer because he knew his protests fell on deaf ears. He had no choice but to help Them.
Chapter 73.6: Too Young
“We woke up in the middle of the night and Pete blinded the two gamayun guards who were always trailing us with a flash of light; while they were blinded, I fired two sleeping darts into their necks, putting them to sleep.” Them continued his story in a theatrical voice.
Eory leaned forward, riveted by Them’s tale as he recounted it. He imagined a younger Them sneaking out of his room at Castle Maaris late at night, narrowly avoiding dozens of guards as he peered around corners and kept to the shadows. It made the fairy’s heart pound.
Them’s fear hung thickly in the air like a heavy mist as he stole across the castle halls under orange torchlight… Eory couldn’t help but add to Them’s already boisterous narration.
“We arrived at the bowels of the castle, ready to steal the Thailgand. However, when we arrived at the bowels after making our way down three sets of stairs, there were two more guards. I acted quickly, firing another dart into the gamayun’s neck, but… The remaining guard blew his horn, alerting every nearby guard that something was afoot. The gamayun approached me with a spear, intending to kill me, but I dodged easily enough due to my small height…” Them took a deep breath. “However, he managed to pierce my shoulder. I wasn’t thinking and I… I let my anger get the better of me. I grabbed a knife hanging from my belt and launched it at the gamayun’s neck faster than I could think my actions through. I had no time to contemplate my actions; I pressed Pietro’s feathers against the electric panel, but by then, ten guards had arrived. The iron doors peeled to the sides just as I was hauled away. I only got a glimpse of the Thailgand before I was captured; it was this clear ball, pulsing with electricity, filled to the brim with magical powers.”
Pete said something to Them, and Them chuckled. “I know you were right, old friend. I’ll never forgive myself for that misstep. The gamayun who I killed was blameless; for all I know, he was a good man. I think about him all the time… If I hadn’t killed him, the gamayun king told me that he wouldn’t have felt the need to send me to the Crater for my transgression, but here we are.” Them was excited when he began the story, but now, he looked horribly ashamed and downtrodden.
Eory was enraptured by his tale; his pulse was racing. To make Them feel better, he said, “Well, I’m very glad to have met you even though the circumstances aren’t the best. You’ve been a good friend, and your… rambunctious attitude cheers me up!”
Them forced a smile. “I’m glad.”
Eliita gasped, realizing that the hall was nearly empty and that it was time for their shift. “We have to go, Them! We’ll see you later, Eory!”
The pair left, leaving Eory feeling better about himself. I’m glad I’m not the only one who has done bad things. Them is a good person despite doing bad things; maybe I can be, too.
__
After everyone had left the mess hall, Eory got back to work in trying to figure out what the translated word could possibly mean.
Red Moon Knight… Eory thought to himself as he left the mess hall and strolled down the adjacent hallway. He leaned against a wall, pondering the sentence.
Eliita told him of a Red Moon Knight spelled with an N instead of a K, which could mean that it was referring to something other than what the sentence was. Nonetheless, he thought that it would be worth it to look into.
When Eory thought of dwarves, he automatically thought of Kori and the M she had taught him from the dwarven language. And then…
Eory thought of how Kori used to sing to him, and, suddenly, was struck was a desire to sing, himself.
Abruptly, music had erupted from him—a kind of magic that anyone could possess, but few used—and notes high and low, taken from the pit of his repressed spirit, soared through the hallway.
His singing led to an encounter with Pollyanna, where he told her that that she was free to do as she wished… and he came to the personal realization that he didn’t want to be with someone who he couldn’t sleep with.
__
Eory spent some time researching the books in the library, trying to find more information on the Red Moon Night that Eliita spoke of. Juree happened to be in the library when Eory arrived. The Astral Elf grinned sheepishly. “I couldn’t help myself; I wanted to try and help you find what this red moon knight thing could possibly mean.”
Eory returned his grin and joined Juree in browsing through various books. He told Juree of the information he had gained from Eliita about the red moon night so that he knew what to look for.
Eory placed book after book on a pile, unable to find a sentence even remotely similar to the event Eliita was talking about. After leafing through the tenth book that morning, he rubbed his eyes which hurt from straining.
“Have you found anything Jur—eep!” Eory nearly jumped out of his skin when two hands grabbed his hips.
“Found y-y-you!” Maruka exclaimed.
Eory turned around, laughing as Maruka kissed both his cheeks.
Juree smiled, leaving the room so they could be alone together.
“What are you doing! You scared me half to death!” Eory exclaimed, shoving him playfully. “Why are you so obsessed with my hips?”
“T-t-they’re soft!” Maruka replied. “N-n-now come on—let’s go paint some more and h-h-have some fun!” Eory avoided the selkie’s gaze, unable to stop himself from blushing. He didn’t know how to flirt, and he was afraid he would make a mess of it like he did with most social situations, but he wanted to try. He turned away from Maruka, haughtily going back to scouring the shelf for books related to dwarven history with a flip of his hair. “If you wanted to have fun with me, you had a perfect opportunity the other day.”
Maruka chuckled. “I-I’m sorry. I w-w-was busy the other day. Someone has to run this place.”
Eory didn’t reply; he kept pretending to scan the bookshelf.
“C-c-come on now, I h-had a rough night and a rough morning. Y-you know what would cheer me up? Your handsome face!” Maruka spun the fairy around again, eliciting laughter from him. He kissed his nose and forehead repeatedly.
Eory felt too guilty about Pollyanna to kiss him back.
Maruka stepped back, confused by the fairy’s sudden reticence. He tucked a strand of blond hair behind Eory’s ear. “W-what’s wrong?”
Eory looked down. “I just… I’m a shallow man. I told Pollyanna I didn’t want to be with her because…” He choked on his words. He wished he could tell Maruka Pollyanna’s secret so that he could coddle him and tell him that being unable to sleep with someone was a perfectly valid reason not to be with them. Instead, he told Maruka a lie. “I told her that I didn’t want her because she’s too old.”
Maruka didn’t know what to say for a moment. Eventually he said, “I-I know I shouldn’t be happy about it, but… N-n-now I have you all to m-m-myself, which makes it hard to be sorry. She is an evil woman anyway.”

__
Eory couldn’t help it, he allowed Maruka to drag him to the empty armory so they could paint more. While Maruka painted, Eory continued looking through more books.
“A-a-are you ever going to tell me what we’re painting?” Maruka asked.
Eory smirked. He enjoyed knowing something that the selkie didn’t; it made him feel wiser—like he was his equal. “Well, I suppose I can tell you if you tell me what you decided to do with Ashaya for trying to kill me.”
Maruka nodded as he began to paint a palm tree upon the seashore. “T-that’s easy! I-I locked him away for threatening someone who I am so profoundly infatuated with!”
Eory’s stomach fluttered at such flattery. He cleared his throat. “I suppose I can tell you what we’re painting.” Eory set aside the book he was reading and sat by Maruka and the ocean he was painting.
“This sea you’re painting…” Eory began, using his explanation as an excuse to place his hand over Maruka’s and trace the sea with the selkie’s fingers. “The oldest fairy goddess who lives outside of Yharos--and could wrap herself around it in its entirety if she so wished—cried, and that tear became the world which we are standing on now. The middle fairy goddess breathed a mighty breath upon the tear, and that breath became the blue sky and the peaceful winds that we enjoy. Lastly, the youngest goddess created living creatures from her own body so that Yharos would be taken care of. That’s the scene I’m creating.”
The selkie’s hand twitched under the fairy’s.
He gazed at the fairy, unable to hide his desire.
He pushed his lips against Eory’s, linking the fairy’s hands in his own and then pinning them over the Eory’s head as they collapsed in a heap on the floor. Eory’s long fingers hastily reached for the selkie’s belt, frantically trying to take it off while simultaneously refusing to stop kissing the selkie.
He removed the belt, but Maruka caught his wrists as he reached for the rim of his breeches.
Despite lying on top of Eory—his hips between his thighs--the selkie didn’t move at all.
The selkie suddenly looked extremely tense. He sat up and then he lifted Eory to a sitting position by the shoulders.
“What’s wrong? Don’t you want me?” Eory asked.
Maruka kissed his forehead. “I do. B-b-but… You’re too young, too unspoiled. I don’t want to touch you.”
Eory felt putrid magic surging through his veins. He shoved Maruka off of him, climbing to his feet angrily. “Fine. If I’m too young for you, then you probably shouldn’t be kissing me or grabbing my hips either.”
Maruka chuckled, his eyes glued to Eory’s backside. “I’m sorry, Eory. I-I-I care for you too much to take something so precious from you.”
The selkie knew that Eory wouldn’t stay true to his word; when Maruka had to part ways with Eory for the day, the fairy ended up asking him for kisses before he went. 

Chapter Seventy-Four: Unsheathed
While Pollyanna  ate breakfast alone after rejecting Eliita’s offer to sit with them, she kept glancing over at the dwarf, who made every man around her smile and laugh. She found herself feeling horribly jealous of her, and her mind drew her back to a time when she had that kind of attention from men. 
A time when she still danced.
__
Pollyanna threw her head back, tossing her long, hair gray hair left and right. Like Pollyanna had told Eory in King Laurence’s ballroom, she did not and could not dance… Unless it was for Fjorn. Because he liked to have her all to himself, he normally only had her dance for him in private. Today was different, however. Fjorn was entertaining his men who had put out a rebellion to the south earlier that day--with Pollyanna at their helm--and needed cheering up after a long day.
When she danced for him in private, he would commission the most expensive, alluring outfits for Pollyanna. He would then pick out jewels and gold for her to wear that accented the vibrancy of the clothes, making her look as desirable as possible.
The fabric she wore now was sheer organza dyed a bright orange. The organza wrapped around her hips and draped between her thighs; a shawl made from the same fabric draped loosely around her shoulders, dangling above her exposed belly button.
Under the organza, she wore a tight-fitting, strapless bustier and an equally tight fitting undergarment that hugged her waist and hips, accentuating them to a maddening degree to every soldier who watched her bewitching dance. Every time she popped her hips to the left or right, the golden belt hanging around her waist with a dozen dangling pendants jingled mercilessly--drawing attention to her forbidden parts--as did the matching golden necklace which framed her chest.
All of the men in the audience watched her unblinkingly while she danced on the platform in the middle of the mess hall.
Pollyanna basked in the attention. She was powerful and fearless.
Her lips were painted a bright red and she parted them in the way she knew men liked them to be parted. She held an expression of joy and ecstasy as she floated about the platform in the middle of the room hypnotically.
There was no music accompanying her dance but for the music in her head. The first time Fjorn asked Pollyanna to dance for him, she asked him afterwards, “Would it have been better with music?”
Fjorn, obsessive about her like he always was, kneeled at her feet and pressed his cheek against her belly. “No. You have music in you. You could hear it while you were dancing just now, couldn’t you?”
Pollyanna looked up at the ceiling, flashing a euphoric grin as she pressed his head into her torso. “I could.”
Because Pollyanna resented how Fjorn had taken a wife and kept her on the side, she made her dance particularly provocative for the soldiers who couldn’t take their eyes off her. Normally, they were repulsed by her height, her muscles, her wrinkles, and her scars. It was her confidence and her bared skin (previously encased in hard armor) that kept them enthralled. Because her legs were bare, they could see how long they were. Because the fabric was sheer, they could see her hips were fuller than she let on.
In her mind, trumpets blared as she spun. The violin sang as she tossed her hair in front of her face. The bass, which was playing softly at the edge of her hearing, kept becoming louder and louder, overwhelming the other instruments. It was an instrument Pollyanna found to be intoxicatingly underrated and surprisingly seductive.
The men in her audience gripped the arms of their chairs until they became white-knuckled; she heard some of them whispering about how they couldn’t stand it any longer--some of them leaving the room.
Fjorn kept his eyes on her with a fevered kind of madness in them. Like a dog, he was drooling from the corner of his mouth. He kept leaning further and further forward, getting the best look he possibly could at his mistress. By his side, his much younger wife looked disgusted both at Pollyanna’s display and the rabid, unbottled look in every man’s eye in the audience. Pollyanna knew that Fjorn’s wife was thinking that this old woman was little more than a harlot, and the men watching her were little more than beasts.
The bass became louder and louder until finally, the piece of music in her head came to a crescendo as she ended her dance by spinning in a tight circle and landing on one knee, panting and keeping her eyes fixed on Fjorn.
After a moment of silence, the crowd erupted in an overwhelming standing ovation. Pollyanna felt energized by the look of unbridled desire in every man’s eyes. Fjorn, who she wanted to make jealous, clapped the hardest. Afterward, he merely said, “Thank you, Pollyanna. You may go.”
Pollyanna nodded and left the room.
One of the men in the audience trailed her.
Pollyanna intended to go right back to her quarters and change into her armor, but the man who had followed her touched her wrist. “I never knew that you had such long legs.”
Pollyanna spun around, looking at the man blankly. She felt flattered by the comment, and the fairy who had given it was undeniably handsome. “I don’t get to show them often.”
The man’s eyes roamed over every inch of her body. “You have no one who is courting you, correct?”
Pollyanna’s heart beat faster, her legs and arms felt sturdier, more powerful—far more powerful than she had felt wielding the heaviest blade and slaying the most talented opponent—she narrowed her eyes and tried out a giggle, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. She had to do so little to get him to do what she wanted. “No one at all.”
The man’s hands had been twitching the entire time while they spoke. He could no longer keep them to himself, he gripped her upper arms, dragging her toward him and kissing her. Pollyanna kissed him back, enjoying this newfound power she seemed to have over men and this burst of confidence it gave her.
She had only gotten to explore the bodies of three men in her long lifetime, and she didn’t want to lose an opportunity to explore this man’s. Her hands roamed up and down his body, squeezing his muscles and hips.
A foul feeling began to emerge in the pit of her stomach—like she was doing something wrong despite the fact that she truly was not spoken for—however, her drive to experience this new person overwhelmed her guilt and the dirty feeling, pushing her to ask breathlessly between kisses, “Your quarters?”
“This way.” The man replied, dragging her down the hall to his right.
While she kissed him, she noticed a piercing pain in her heart that she decided to ignore, hoping that Fjorn had lied to her when he said she could make love to no other man than him. But nothing changed when the man took her to his quarters and they resumed kissing.
The pain became sharper and sharper, and she thought her heart would burst from it when he pushed her onto his bed. She screamed aloud.
“Are you alright?” The man asked.
Pollyanna shook her head, hastily lurching to her feet and heading to the door. “This body does not belong to you.”
Pollyanna left the man and returned to her own quarters for a time. She took off her dancer clothes and donned her armor. She looked in the mirror with a heavy heart.
She looked strong, but she felt weakened. She lowered her tearful eyes. Dancing is a useless talent. Why do I feel so indestructible when I do it?
She took a deep breath and laid on her bed for a time. She didn’t intend to, but she took a short nap.
Later that night, a knock on her door woke her up.
Fjorn stole into her room, padding across the soft carpet. Pollyanna’s eyes fluttered open. She was greeted to two, strong, muscled arms digging into the blanket on either side of her waist.
Pollyanna couldn’t help but smile and run her hands up them.
“You’ve come so far from the shrinking violet I met back at the temple. Thank the goddesses I found you…” Fjorn commented.
Pollyanna’s chest heaved in anticipation as he began taking her armor off, piece-by-piece. She couldn’t help her rapid breathing or flushed cheeks. She didn’t want to ruin the moment by asking him why he had stolen her sexuality away from her, so she didn’t.
His fingers were firm and fearless as they removed the breastplate tied around her chest. Pollyanna let him take off two more pieces of armor, forgetting about the questions she knew she should ask him for a time.
She kept thinking of his eventual demise, however, and she could no longer hold her questions back.
Pollyanna held his face in both her hands, making him look her in the eyes. “I don’t understand why you didn’t tell me that I could make love to no other before I drank the potion…”
As always, she was struck by just how much she loved his sculptured face and his fiery red hair, and his eyes that were blacker than the pit of night.
“Would it have changed anything?” Fjorn said, whispering in her ear. “You told me you wanted a place in history; you told me you never wanted to be afraid again.”
“Yes, but… My life will be terribly lonely when you die.” Pollyanna dreaded the moment when she would eventually lose him. She thought about it far more often than she wanted to. “It would be nice to be able to share my body with another."
“I have made you a goddess, and yet you are still not satisfied?” Fjorn snapped, pinning her wrists against the bed. “Under all that armor, you still have a woman’s heart! I made you stronger than that! You have no need of base things like lovemaking!”
Pollyanna looked to the side, her eyebrows knitting, her wrists twitching. “It’s the woman part of me that you want!” she countered. 
“In battle, I need a goddess!” He exclaimed proudly, gripping her shoulders. Under his breath, he said, “In bed, I want a woman.”
Pollyanna looked past his shoulder bitterly, unimpressed by his speech.
His hands found the rim of her breeches and began rolling them down while he kissed his way down her now-bare torso. He murmured under his breath shakily, “I fear you in bed far more than I do in armor.”
His kisses dragged a smile and a moan of ecstasy out of her. “Why?” She gasped.
“Because you have such power over me…” Fjorn admitted.
Pollyanna basked in his concession and felt more powerfully in love with him than ever.
__
After eating breakfast, Pollyanna headed toward the battlefield. She heard singing coming from down the hallway. It was a sweet voice; a voice so sweet that it hurt her teeth. She had some time, so she decided to see who it was. As she followed the voice, she felt something awakening in her that she thought was dead.
Music.
She had an uncontainable need to dance for the first time in years. 
She stood as still as a statue, but in her mind, she was dancing.
White was the color of her dress, and it looked like and felt like a cloud. The dance was pure and innocent; Pollyanna was not trying to gain anyone’s attention. She was dancing only for herself. Instruments accompanied the sweet voice—there was a violin and harp complimenting the high-pitched voice as she leapt from one foot to the other, doing a graceful spin and reaching toward the ceiling slowly while balancing on one foot.
Eventually, the voice stopped. Pollyanna was disappointed. She walked down the hallway, following the voice to its source.
She came to a halt when she saw it was Eory.
He looked at her, she looked at him.
Pollyanna felt nothing but a cold rage toward him.
“Pollyanna, I have something to tell you.” Eory announced cheerfully.
Pollyanna said nothing. She was as still and expressionless as a statue.
The air between them was tense and thick.
Eory sighed heavily.
He confronted the unsaid dilemma between them. “Pollyanna, I’ve loved you for the longest time. I love you despite the horrible things that you’ve done, I suspect I’ll always love you regardless of what you do. You know I want you, but by your own actions, I can never have you.”
Pollyanna’s fists clenched. “So you’ve decided to play with my emotions, then? All this time, you look at me with eyes that beg for my affections, and you touch me with your soft, unworn hands, bringing me closer to you, making me believe that you looked upon me as something more than a human shield. I’ve let you touch me where you wanted to touch me and I have come to you at my most vulnerable and told you things that I have told no one else in the hopes that you would continue to love me… And then I find out that you were only after my body, and now that you can’t have it, you’ve decided to share your own with another man.”
Eory looked up at her with defiance that she was unused to coming from him. “What do you expect me to do, Pollyanna? I have the same desires that everyone else has. Do you expect me to live without them? I’m not made of steel!”
Pollyanna slammed a fist against the wall, stepping closer to the fairy and casting a threatening shadow over him. “I have lived without them! I have no need of them, and you don’t either. You can still love me! We are both above such base desires!”
Eory didn’t shrink under her shadow like she expected him to. He stood up taller. He seemed to have grown since she had last spoken to him. “If we are above such desires, then why did you beckon me to make love to you, even knowing that you would die!”
Pollyanna had no retort. She knew better than he did that she was willing to die that night. She couldn’t look him in the eyes any longer. “Go have fun with Maruka, then. Because you are part woman, he will break your fragile heart the same way men have broken mine.”
Pollyanna intended to go on her way, then, but Eory caught her weathered wrist. “Pollyanna, let me tell you something.”
Pollyanna could rip her wrist away easily, but she couldn’t deny that she wanted to hear what he had to say. “I am no longer part woman, and it’s thanks to you. You cut my hair and showed me how to be a man, and I have never felt more secure in who I am in my life.”
Pollyanna whispered, “Taylor is gone?”
Eory nodded. “And Pollyanna… I no longer expect or want you to protect me. It’s not fair to you or me to have you around when I want you so much and you want me. If you feel the need to protect me, you can do so, and if you feel the need to let me die if I’m in danger, you may do so.”
Pollyanna lowered her face, tears spilling from her eyes. She wrenched her wrist away, her sense of purpose wrenching away at the same moment.
__
Pollyanna had lived at the height of her happiness when Fjorn was alive. Regardless of whether she was armored or not, she was powerful. But when he died, she felt weakened. Not physically, but mentally.
She no longer had music in her.
She had her armor and her strength, but little else. Fjorn’s son ordered her to dance at one of his balls once, and she couldn’t refuse. She wore a dress, and she was forced to take off her armor for the first time since Fjorn had died.
Her legs were unsteady. She tripped, stepped on her partner’s feet, and lumbered around like a man on the ballroom floor.
All of the women laughed at her, not even bothering to hide their amusement at her failure of being a woman.That woman who had fearlessly danced in so little clothing when Fjorn lived was gone.
Chapter Seventy-Five: Beneath the Skin
Francis’s eyes were blurry; his fingers, nose, and cheeks were freezing while the dragon, Anyananta, zipped through the air. He clenched the dragon’s long hair in his chilled fingers, trying to on tight.
Kori’s arms were wrapped around his waist—making him feel warmer, but not by enough to soothe his aching skin, his grumbling stomach, or his pounding head.
Kori snapped her fingers, conjuring up a green flame which she held by Francis’ side, trying to warm him up. He warmed up a little, wishing he could thank Kori, but he was sure his words would get swallowed by the wind, so he didn’t try.
Francis stared forward, his face blank.
He knew he would most likely die from whatever sickness had seeped into his bones. He wanted to live to see his queen again, but at the same time, he felt relief at the fact that he would no longer exist soon and that his pain, both mental and physical, would soon be lifted.
“I’m hungry!” Anyananta roared over the howling wind.
“There are some sheep down there,” Casamir said. “How about we eat them?”
Anyananta didn’t wait for a reply; she dove toward the herd of sheep without hesitation. Francis nearly fell off the dragon’s back as she plummeted downward; he lost his grip on the dragon’s hair momentarily, barely managing to grab it again before the distance between him and it became too great.
The green earth was spinning beneath Francis, giving him vertigo as a violent wind billowing upwards engulfed him. Anyananta’s claws slammed into the ground, making her passengers’ heads spin; she snapped a baaing sheep up in her jaws without pause.
“You can all climb off and rest for a moment. Of course, if you run, we’ll have to kill you.” Casamir dismounted, chasing after a sheep of his own.
Francis watched him curiously.
The fairy dove, pinning a bleating sheep to the ground.
Francis turned paler than he already was when the fairy’s teeth sunk into the sheep’s skin, tearing a piece of it off. He turned away, blanching, with Kori doing the same.
Anyananta shook all four bipeds off her scaled back and bounded after the remaining sheep.
Francis rolled a few inches when he was knocked off, unable to catch himself. He sat up once he finished rolling, rubbing his temples. Terrance gave Hew a hand, and then he gave Kori a hand. He approached Francis, intending to help him up, too, but Kori waved him away. She offered Francis a hand, instead. The elf managed a smile and took it.
“Your hands are freezing…” Kori murmured, her wrinkled forehead wrinkling even more with worry.
Francis snorted. “What else is new?”
Francis glanced back at Casamir and Anyananta, unable to help himself. He quickly looked away when he saw that the fairy was still eating the sheep.
“Do you ever look at your life and wonder how you got to where you are?” Francis said to Kori, shaking his head in disbelief of what he was seeing.
Kori couldn’t help but laugh at how the situation kept getting worse and worse and more outlandish. “Sometimes…”
“I never wanted to see a fairy eating a sheep with his bare teeth, but here we are. I guess some people are just cursed to end up in bizarre situations.” Francis sighed, collapsing on his back and looking up at the sky.
Because Francis was on his back, he didn’t see Kori twiddling her fingers nervously as she sat down next to him. “I’d like to hear about how you got here…”
Francis was glad that they were far away from Maribel now. In fact, they were very close to Alanheim. The weather was warm, the grass was greener, and a gentle breeze from the nearby ocean kissed his face. “Well, this crazy waif wanted to use me as a bargaining chip to my queen and the rest is history…”
Kori made a face. “I meant from the beginning.”
Francis chuckled. “I know what you meant. Well, I suppose the start of it is that I was born to make other people miserable. Being born the way that I was, my parents thought the best thing for me was to lock me away indoors. I guess I should thank Mom and my brother for saving my life; Dad wanted to kill me right when I was born to save me a life of suffering. Well, I don’t know whether I should thank them or resent them… maybe Dad was right.” Francis snorted.
Kori was offended and overly righteous like she tended to be. “You should thank them! It’s been a pleasure to know you!”
Francis grinned. “Oh really? What’s the thing you like best about me? My terrible sense of humor or the fact that my greatest use is as a hostage?”
Kori was so offended for him that her words were caught in her throat. “I… your greatest use isn’t as a hostage!”
Francis found her righteousness amusing as he always did. “The thing you know me best as is as a hostage. Why are you defending someone you don’t even know?”
From where he was lying, he could only see the back of her head, which she had bowed in shame.
“I’d like to know you… and for your information, you do have another use…” Kori cleared her throat nervously.
Francis waited for her to continue. When she didn’t, he said, “What? Being fun to look at?”
“Showing me that… Perhaps I have given too much of myself to my king.” Kori admitted shakily.
He gave her a moment, realizing how difficult a thing that was to admit to herself.
He lifted a hand, running it under her fiery hair. He whispered, “I’d like to know you, too…”
“You have more uses than being fun to look at.” Kori said, her voice strengthening. “Your bad jokes and your haughty attitude are also of great use; they cheer me up.” Kori said, turning her head to look at him.
Her mischievous little smile made his sickness slightly more tolerable.
Francis thought of the many things he wanted before he died, and then he thought of the things he could achieve within that time. “It’s your job as Redeemer to fix people, right? Maybe you can tell me who I am and fix me, too.”
Francis turned his head to the side, coughing violently. His nose ran aggressively.
Kori twisted her body around, crawling toward him and touching his forehead for what felt like the hundredth time. Her eyes were glassy, which made him wonder if she cried over every stranger in pain or if it was just him.
I hope it’s just me…
He removed her hand from his forehead. “Your kindness is appreciated, but I don’t think confirming that my head is hotter than an oven over and over again is going to make it any cooler. Besides, what’s the point in checking the temperature of a corpse?”
Kori shook her head, barely containing her laughter. “How can you laugh so easily at your own demise?”
“My existence is somewhat of a joke, so I find that laughter is the best way to cope with it.” Francis replied with a wink.
“Don’t talk about yourself like that…” Kori murmured, no longer finding his self-deprecation funny. “I can’t stand it.”
“I have a feeling you talk about yourself like this, too.” Francis retorted.
Silence swallowed the moment but for the wind brushing the blades of grass around them. Kori said, “If you want me to fix you, you should tell me more about yourself.”
Francis’ heart was thudding. He wanted to tell her about himself, but he was suddenly inexplicably afraid to.
He hid behind humor like he always did. “Well, I already told you about my sorry beginning of being locked indoors… How about I tell you about how I ran away from my family because I got tired of it? How about I tell you that I enrolled in the same academy as my brother and posed as something I wasn’t?”
Kori, knowing little of elven culture, cocked her head to the side. “Something you weren’t?”
Francis sighed through his nose. “I posed as a man, and I am no such thing. I got found out, of course. It tore my family apart. I was hauled to the queen’s gardens where I was stripped of my clothes and paraded around daily with others of my ilk. People like me are a mockery of nature, and therefore, our faith.”
Francis felt the need to hide himself from Kori’s gaze; he covered his face with his inner elbow.
He was horribly ashamed.
“Why are you hiding yourself…?” Kori asked.
It was as if she had reached out with her voice and tore away the mask he hid behind.
“Because you won’t like me when I tell you who I am. I’m already hated and laughed at for my body, I couldn’t stand it you hated what was underneath that body.” Francis admitted.
His heart stopped thudding against his ribs as small, wrinkled hands removed his arm from his face. “Why are you afraid? You know I like you, Francis…”
“I want you to keep liking me.” Francis told her.
“Have you killed someone?” Kori asked.
“No.”
“Have you abused anyone?”
“Of course not!”
“Then why should I hate you?” Kori demanded.
“Because I’m a mockery of men and women.” Francis deflected.
“Why should I hate you.” Kori emphasized.
Francis sniffled, his eyes becoming blurry. He couldn’t tell whether it was because he was sick or dying. “Because I’ve only brought my family pain, worry, and shame… I’m useless.” Francis told her.
He took a deep breath, a smile blooming on his face. “But the queen… Even though she was the one who placed me in the gardens, she was the one who picked me out of them. I have no talent with any weapons, but she took mercy on me and gave me a spot in her army—just a messenger because I’m fast on my feet and good with horses--but it gave me more honor and dignity than I ever hoped to see in my life.”
Kori’s eyes shut, tears squeezing out of the corners. She knew what it felt like to be rescued by royalty, even if Laurence was not royalty at the time. She felt like she belonged to mud and dirt and that Laurence had pulled her out with his clean, unmuddied hands. She suspected Francis felt much the same way about his queen.
“All elves have loyalty to the queen, but none have the love of her that I do. She told everyone a lie; she told them that I had died of disease and she resurrected me as a full man so that I could have a place in her army. She made me feel… wanted. But I’m a walking lie; I’ll never be a full man.” Francis admitted to himself.
“You are a man.” Kori insisted. “I never saw you as anything else. But even if I didn’t, what’s so wrong about being a woman?”
Francis had no answer. He enjoyed the rays of the sun casting light upon him as he let Kori’s question sink in. He felt calm and peaceful despite the fact that his joints ached and his head was unbearably hot. “If the woman is like you, I suppose there’s nothing wrong with being one at all.”
Kori grinned at that. “You can be anyone you want Francis; man or woman. You don’t need me to tell you who you are. Most people don’t have the options you do.”
Francis never thought of it that way. He felt like his soul had been unshackled.
Francis’ reply was interrupted by Casamir, “Time to get going.” Casamir said flatly, wiping the blood from his mouth.
__
Francis blinked slowly as Anyananta continued her flight with her five passengers. He was sleepy. His grip on Anyananta’s hair became looser and looser. His head drooped for a moment, his eyes closing. He let go of the dragon’s hair.
Kori yelled, “Francis! Wake up!”
Francis lurched awake, grabbing ahold of the dragon’s hair before he was swept away in the wind. His body hurt so badly that he cried with pain, wishing for anything to alleviate it, even death.
The dragon’s shadow was cast over the ocean as she flew past Castle Alanheim. Further and further she went—flying through heavy mist—until she arrived at an island made up of sandy, red rocks with a jagged mountain looming menacingly above the ocean which lapped at the red, sandy shore.
The scenery was not the thing that drew Francis’ attention, however.
No.
It was the dozens of dragons circling the mountain peaks that held his fearful gaze.
Anyananta pumped her wings, shooting high into the air and then alighting on the top of the mountain, letting the tiny creatures sitting on top of her dismount.
Francis was frozen in terror.
Dozens of dragons were sleeping, eating, and flying nearby.
There was no escape.
Casamir was the last to dismount. He rubbed his cheek against Anyananta’s neck. The dragon licked his cheek in response. “I am proud of you, Cas.”
Casamir merely held her close for a moment.
Kori, for her part, hid behind Terrance as dozens of dragons encircled the bipeds.
Francis’ head spun.
He fainted.
__
Francis thought he wouldn’t wake up again, but he was wrong. It was night when he opened his eyes to an orange fire that had warmed his chilled bones.
His head pounded with pain.
Kori placed a bowl of water and a plate of meat in front of him.. “Casamir was kind enough to get these for you.”
Francis was so tired that he had no energy to speak, let alone eat and drink. He couldn’t even find the strength to sit up.
What’s the point in holding on if I’m going to get eaten?
Kori recognized that the elf was too exhausted to sit up; she knelt by his side, looping an arm around his shoulders and lifting him to a sitting position. With her free arm, she grabbed the bowl of water and gently tipped it into Francis’ mouth.
“How are you feeling?” Kori asked.
Francis only had the strength to reply with one word, “Lousy.”
His blurry eyes scanned his surroundings. They were now in a very large, stony cave with dragons of every size and color blocking their escape.
Anyananta and Casamir, too, were blocked in by the other dragons. Casamir was unafraid. In fact, Francis thought that he looked quite comfortable among these beasts.
“All of you claimed I was not fit to be a dragon until I ate the still-beating heart of a waif, an elf, a human, a fairy, and a dwarf. I have found four of those creatures and am prepared to eat their hearts to seek your approval of our mating!” Casamir announced proudly to every dragon in the crowd.
Francis’ heart dropped. His stomach churned.
Kori was speechless, her mouth and eyes widened in terror.
A brown-scaled, white-maned dragon growled, stepping forth from the crowd. “You have not caught a dwarf. You must eat the heart of all of them in one day.”
“My and Anya will set off tomorrow to get a dwarf. In the meantime, I would appreciate it if you kept these creatures alive.” Casamir said, motioning to Francis and the others.
“You have no right to my granddaughter!” The brown-scaled dragon rumbled. “You are not a dragon, and you will never be a dragon.”
A white-scaled dragon at the forefront of the crowd snorted fiery laughter from its nostrils. “Pay no attention to him; you will be mated once you prove yourself a dragon.”
Casamir fell on one knee, bowing before the white dragon. “Thank you, Shaman.”
“Unbelievable! He is no dragon! He is a soft-fleshed creature who walks on two legs!” The brown-scaled dragon turned away, retreating into the crowd.
“We are a dying species, Rynat. This fairy has a chance to give our species new life.” The white-scaled shaman called after him.
Anyananta’s expression was unreadable, Casamir seemed to be hugging her for comfort, but all Anyananta had to say was, “Old fool.”
Francis’ couldn’t stay awake. “Kori, can you let me rest?”
The waif nodded, gently lowering him to the cave floor. Francis prayed that he wouldn’t wake up to Casamir feasting upon his heart.









-Chapter Seventy-Eight: Mending Holes
After Maruka left, Eory rejoined Juree in the library. The pair found something in a dwarven text that they thought must be alluding to the red moon night Eliita was referring to.
The book was about the religions and folk lore belonging to the many species on Yharos. There was a creature mentioned in the book from dwarven lore called the Red Moon Knight, who the author of the book reported was mentioned only briefly in two dwarven tales. In searching for the book, Eory recalled the dwarven song Kori used to sing to him, and he remembered Kori telling him that the rhyme was originally from a book called Giant Killer. The book he was reading confirmed that.
“The Red Moon Knight is an interesting figure. Most people think that this character only exists as a result of a mistranslation of the old dwarven language which confused the words “Knight” and “Night” in the dwarven book, The Beginning. However, a figure named the Red Moon Knight also appears briefly in the dwarven folktale, Giant Killer. In this tale, the Red Moon Knight is a creature who is clad from head-to-toe in glowing red armor. He appears to the hero of the story under a red night sky and gives him three tasks to do in return for granting a wish…” Eory trailed off after reading the book aloud.
Eory continued reading in fevered silence, his heart thudding against his ribs in anticipation. “This… This might be it!”
He invited Juree to read it, and he agreed with Eory that there might be something to it.
__
Eory debated how he was going to accomplish what he wanted to accomplish when he could no longer use Pollyanna and he was acting on his own.
He pondered it as he practiced firing arrows at straw men in the empty training hall.
His arm was feeling much better, so he could put much more strain on it. His aim was improving, but he still missed his target much of the time. I don’t think I’ll ever be great at this, but I might get good enough to be of use.
Eventually, he got bored of practicing and paced the iron halls of the fortress, thinking of what his next move should be. He passed by an open door where Astral Elven women were mending breeches, jerkins, and other clothes. Eory stopped in front of the open door.
He smiled, feeling wistful.
Kori taught him a little sewing when he was caged. He cleared his throat and nervously asked, “Can I help? I know a little sewing.”
The women looked at each other with the typical blank faces that Astral Elves wore, and then back at Eory. “You can help.”
Eory cheerfully marched in. With the instructions of one of the women, he got to work on mending a boot.
__
Eory ended up spending the rest of his day sewing. He was taken in by his childhood memories of it and stayed because he found that he loved it. After practicing with the bow and making so little progress with it, it felt good to do something that he truly enjoyed and felt like he could learn to excel at.
There was something addictingly peaceful about looping a needle through an article of clothing and mending rips. Eory smiled, remembering something Kori used to say.
As the Redeemer, I know that people are very hard to mend, Eory; some of them have bigger holes in them than clothes ever could. That’s why there’s something so… satisfying about mending clothes. It’s so simple and easy, and it’s never impossible to do.
Suddenly, someone burst in the room and exclaimed, “There you are, Eory! I’ve been looking all over for you! Wait, what are you doing?”
It was Them and Pete. The waif and wisp approached Eory curiously, brushing past looms and baskets filled with sewing threads, yarn, pins, and needles.
Them was surprised at Eory’s sewing. “I didn’t know you could sew! Why have you been hiding this amazing talent?”
Eory shrugged. “I’m not very good yet, but I like it.”
Them looked at the mended articles of clothing next to Eory’s chair. He held up a pair of breeches, chuckling to himself. “Some poor recruit ripped their breeches right down the ass!”
Eory flinched at the utterance of a bad word. He wanted to cover his ears. “Don’t curse…”
Them chuckled. “Eory, you’re too innocent for words.”
Eory grimaced at the accusation. I’ll never be considered anything but a child…
Them picked up an imperfectly sewn doll of a bear by Eory’s workstation. Its head was lopsided, and it was overall uneven (one of its arms was higher than the other, and one leg was longer than the other), but Them found that that made it more charming. “Who’s this for?”
Eory whispered, “Pollyanna… But I want to make her a better one.”
Them smiled at the rough-hewn bear. “I think you misunderstand Pollyanna. She’s an imperfect woman; she likes imperfect things. You should give it to her as is.”
Eory shook his head. “No. It has to be perfect. She deserves something perfect.”
“Well, stop sewing for now.” Them changed the subject. “We want you to come have dinner with us!”
Eory dropped everything and obeyed. He was elated to be liked enough to be invited to eat with Them.
__
In the mess hall, Eory’s ears were overwhelmed by the accusations of the other recruits talking about how he had gotten out of fighting because he was sleeping with Maruka, and how he had gotten Ashaya jailed.
“The fairy heard that Ashaya didn’t like him, and he had Maruka lock him up based on that rumor.” One recruit said.
“Damned coward. Sitting indoors while the rest of us risk our lives.” Another recruit replied.
So many others echoed those thoughts.
Eory’s shoulders slumped, his chin trembled in embarrassment and shame. By all rights, he should have been happy. He was sitting with his new friends, Them and Eliita, and he had had a good day, only to have his fear of the other recruits spoil it.
Them seemed to have heard some of the talk around them. “You know Eory, Eliita’s suggestion of being bold and dancing with her on a table may have gone awry, but her heart was in the right place. I think you can make friends with some of these recruits, but you’re such a wet rag that it might be hard without help… That’s why I’m here! I’m charming and down-to-earth! I suggest that you accompany me, and I’ll introduce you to the recruits. Since you’re so talented at sewing, we can find out what they like, and you can sew it for them! Nothing softens hearts like gifts.”
Eory blinked rapidly.
He did want to make friends, and he had to admit that he wasn’t very charming on his own. “I’ll do it! But first, I have something to tell you all.”
Eory took a deep breath and then told him of his plan to meet the Red Moon Knight.
-Chapter Seventy-Nine: Unconditional
There was a happy little room in the iron fortress where the ground was dirt instead of hard metal, and colorful flowers grew cheerfully, innocent of the cold, metal world around them.
Terran sat in this small room which was tended to by Astral Elves through magic daily. The elf’s arms were crossed as he stared at the wall--a wall that was covered in moss and vines.
Eliita had begged him to come to dinner with her after a long day of fighting, but Terran declined. He wouldn’t add much to the conversation with the mood he was in.
He blinked slowly, and then closed his eyes, letting darkness embrace him for a time.
Seconds passed.
When he opened his eyes, he felt a sharp-nailed hand digging into the back of his head, forcing him to look at the gardens below the circular, grassy precipice he was standing on.
“This is what happens when you keep secrets from me.” The queen hissed in his ear.
The garden below was unearthly beautiful. Butterflies of all colors and sizes fluttered through them, vines grew without restraint on the steep walls, and the petals of lilies and tulips waved gently in the warm wind. A little manmade river, aesthetically placed, snaked its way through the middle of the garden.
Inside the garden, naked Andillian danced provocatively, showing off what most elves considered to be malformed bodies. Some of them were kissing, others were doing worse things while the crowd up on the precipice laughed at them, cheering them on.
There was an elf hugging his knees under the shadows that the overhanging precipice casted, trying to hide and blend in as much as possible.
Terran’s eyes were filled with tears as he stared down at his little brother, hiding ashamedly in the shadows of the precipice.
“Let him go!” Terran begged. “Let him go, I’ll do anything!”
“Too late for that!” The queen’s voice teetered on the edge of sanity.
Below him, he was forced to watch as the other Andillian hauled Francis out from the shadows and passed him around, touching him and kissing him until he was in tears and begging for this cruelty to end.
He shrieked, “Terran!”
Terran came back to reality, his eyes wide, his heart pounding with anger. His chest heaved as he breathed in and out.
Eventually, he stood up and went on his way.
__
Terran decided to go to the mess hall after that, feeling like he could stand to be around people again for a time. He felt bad for storming off when Eory asked him to teach him the sword. He could only imagine how terrified Eory must have been when the waif, Them, voiced his request to be taught the sword for him.
Terran’s storming off likely dashed Eory’s confidence which he had been working so hard to build up.
Terran was overwhelmed with guilt about it. I owe him an apology.
Terran secretly wished that the fairy would not be in the mess hall—despite wanting to apologize--because he found that being around Eory was incredibly difficult, and apologizing to him would be all-the-more difficult. He was far, far too much like Francis.
It was true that there were differences between them—Francis had always been outgoing and snarky while Eory was quiet and submissive—but both had the same difficulties. They were far too feminine, far too sweet, to ever function as men.
When the elf entered the mess hall, he took a deep breath. Eory was there. Terran would have to be a man and apologize to him for his rude behavior.
He raised an eyebrow.
The fairy was going around talking to various people in the mess hall, which was not in his personality. Them was doing most of the talking, which must have been the reason why the recruits were smiling instead of giving Eory the stink eye.
Terran placed his hand on the hilt of his blade, ready to step in if the recruits decided to hurt the fairy.
Them had crawled up on a table and was sitting cross-legged upon it, his back facing Terran. He patted next to him on the table, motioning for Eory to sit next to him.
Eory made no move to join him, and even though Terran could only see the pair from the back, he imagined Eory must be protesting. Across the table, other recruits were laughing at Them’s boldness.
Eventually, Eory relented and gingerly stepped up on a chair, intending to use it to climb on the table.
Terran sped up his pace.
The chair wobbled, Eory lost his balance.Terran dashed to Eory’s side just in time, steadying the chair before it toppled.
Eory, who had been squealing in fear, glanced behind him. His face lit up. “Thank you so much!”
Them rolled his eyes. “Was the squeal really necessary? You would have been fine if you fell. You nearly singed the hair in my ears.”
Eory climbed up on the table next to Them. He whispered, “Sorry Them.”
Eory turned around, facing Terran and hanging his legs off the side of the table. “I-I’m sorry about earlier. I didn’t want to ask you to teach me the sword, but Them just went ahead and asked for me, and…”
Terran shook his head with a smile. “It’s okay, Eory. My storming off had nothing to do with you. It had everything to do with my brother.”
Eory cocked his head to the side. “Your brother? The one you told us about before?”
While they spoke, Them was exclaiming something to the two humans sitting across the table, making it difficult for the two to hear each other.
Terran nodded. “Like I said before, Francis is a lot like you… He asked me to train him with the blade once, too.”
Eory cushioned his chin between both his palms. “Oh… Were you offended because I’m a mistake of nature the way he is?”
Terran thought about it deeply for a moment. Eventually he said, “No… I just see him in you, and I…” Terran trailed off, unable to continue.
Eory looked at him unblinkingly, challenging him. “You said before that you didn’t miss him… Was that a lie?”
Terran closed his pain-stricken eyes. “Yes. I miss him, regardless of whether I hate or love him, I miss him.”
Eory challenged him, “Do you really hate your own brother because he is neither a man nor a woman? Do you hate me, too, for the same reasons?”
Terran opened his eyes. A consternated frown spread across his face. “No… I don’t hate you at all. You aren’t a mockery of nature the way he is; you can make yourself fully a man if you wish to, and you are actively trying to. Francis… There’s no way he can ever be fully a man. He’s deformed; I can’t help but feel a little sick when I look at him. But I also hated him because I dedicated so much of my life to his happiness only to have him end up…” Terran trailed off again. “But he’s also my brother; I can’t help but love him.” Terran finally said after a time.
Eory smiled at that. He was about to reply when Them interrupted him, grabbing his shoulder, “Hey, what are you doing? You just missed a very interesting tale about this man and his favorite animal.”
Eory shrugged to Terran apologetically. “Them calls and I must answer.”
Terran blurted, before he could turn away, “Wait Eory. I really am sorry about storming off earlier. I would love to teach you the sword.”
Eory smiled the biggest smile Terran had ever seen him smile. He looked like he could barely contain his excitement. “You really think I’m worthy enough to learn the sword?”
Terran shook his head with a smile of his own. “It’s not a question of being worthy; everyone deserves to know how to defend themself.”
Eory’s eyes shone with unshed tears. Terran snorted. “You still cry at every little scrap of kindness you receive? We can start your training tomorrow. I’ll leave you and Them to… whatever you’re doing in the meantime.”
Eory wiped his eyes even though no tears had come out as of yet. “Wait! Them is teaching me how to be endearing! I want you to stick around! Maybe you can show me how to be endearing, too!”
Terran chuckled. “I don’t think I’d be much help in that regard. I’m a little rough around the edges.”
“That’s why I—why people like you!” Eory exclaimed. “You’re tough and you’ve got a good head on your shoulders.”
Terran made a face. “I don’t think anyone here--other than Eliita--likes me which is fine by me.”
“Ah, but we admire you, Terran!” One of the human recruits at the table said. “You’re a great warrior! We were just talking about how you can manage to keep up with the Arrozan Sword herself!”
Terran rolled his eyes, unable to help a grin. “Please, I’m not half as good as she is, although I would like to be.
Somehow, Terran ended up being dragged around by Them and Eory to dozens of other tables.
Them did almost all of the talking, “My name is Them, and this is the very naïve Eory and the very tough Terran! Eory wants to get to know you all, but he is socially inept—born without the capacity to speak fluently to strangers, you might say—don’t you think he deserves to be pitied?”
Eory short Them a glare, but the recruits looked intrigued. They asked the fairy, “Can you really not speak to strangers fluently? I can’t believe such a thing of an arrogant Arrozan.”
Eory’s teeth sank into his arm, too nervous to speak up for himself.
Absent-mindedly, Terran’s hand went to his hilt. “Perhaps you should use your common sense; I’m sure you’ve heard that this poor young man had been locked in a tower his whole life, all the while, he had proper manners and morals beaten into him by Maribel’s Redeemer. Every sliver of evilness, bad manners, and even defiance has been beaten out of him; what you see before you is a dog who will no longer fight back when he is kicked and beaten, and yet you continue to kick and beat him, anyway.”
Eory turned to him, shocked at his willingness to defend someone who was so widely hated.
A human man said, “The Arrozans killed my neighbor and mounted her head on a pike just for speaking out of turn. Herin’s father had my aunt tortured, cutting off her arm and leg. His ancestors taxed the people of Maribel to the point where families have been starving for hundreds of years. Every single one of them has been reprehensible! Why should this one be any different?”
Eory looked at Terran uncertainly, hoping for his support. Terran smiled at him, giving him a comforting nod. Eory found a fire in his belly, just then, that Terran was not expecting from him. The fairy slammed his fists against the table, standing up and yelling, “Wishing me to prove that I am not evil is impossible! You all just place these evil words and intentions upon me and I have no way of defending myself from them. Guess what, I’m through being your scapegoat! I have no hatred for any one of you in me—none at all!—if anything, I just want the same kindness and compassion from you that… that I wish I could give to you if you would let me…”
The fire in the fairy’s belly fizzled out.
He suddenly got stage fright and realized that he was probably not helping his case.
All eyes in the mess hall were upon him.
Them was grinning awkwardly and signaling for Eory to stop the whole time by yanking on his sleeve. By the time Eory was finished with his little speech, Them had his palm to his face, massaging his forehead with his fingers.
He whispered to Eory, “You may have just undone all the good work I did for you!”
Eory was ashamed. “I’m sorry…”
Terran was proud of him and couldn’t stop smiling.
Memories drew him away from the present, thinking of how much he used to love his brother.
-Chapter Eighty: Proximity
When dressed up as a man, Francis could pass for one decently enough. But decently enough was never good enough for Terran, and it would never be good enough to fool the men at the academy for long. When Francis had run away that fateful day at age fourteen, he had turned up days later in the same academy that Terran attended. The utter shock and fear Terran felt when he saw his brother at the academy, fetching knights their swords, sharpening them, and doing the duties of a page was a fear he had hoped never to feel again.
Francis had turned up looking so… Carefree and insipid after putting his family through the torment of not knowing where he had run off to for days. Their mother had been crying every day since he had disappeared.
Terran first realized his brother was at the academy when he had fetched a sword for one of Terran’s friends and brought it to him in preparation for a sparring match.
Francis had winked and smiled mischievously at Terran as if the pain he had put his family through was a joke. When Terran met up with his little brother that night, he listened to his excuses with his fists trembling in rage.
“I told you I wanted to join you at the academy, and here I am! Won’t it be fun to learn the sword together? At any rate, it’ll be fun to do anything besides sitting at home with Mom, doing nothing, while you and dad get to have all the fun!”
Terran could contain his anger no longer. He smacked his brother across the face. “What the fuck were you thinking? Is this all a joke to you? We have told you over and over again your whole miserable life not to leave the house! I’ve told you over and over that you can’t come to the academy with me! Mom has been crying every night since you left! It doesn’t end there; when you’re found out, you will be—”
Terran could speak no further. His brother’s tears had pulled at his heart strings. Francis rubbed his cheek; it had turned red from Terrance’s slap. Francis sniffled. “How could you all expect me to live my whole life indoors? Why are you all so ashamed of me?”
And just then, Terran was so angry that he told his brother what he really thought of him. “I’m ashamed of you because you’re a mistake! Nature carved a deformity into you at birth because she found you unworthy of a happy life! The least you could do for us is stay indoors to preserve the family reputation, but you couldn’t even do that! Everyday of my life has been spent catering to your needs! I cook for you, I entertain you, I even taught you numbers and letters, and now you’re throwing it all away! Once you enter the academy, you can never leave!”
Francis tried to speak, but he choked on his words, swallowing a lump in his throat. Eventually, he managed to say, “At least I know the truth now.” And he left.
Terran thought he could stay mad at his brother forever, but he only managed a few months. He saw his bright-haired brother around the academy often, and the close proximity made it hard to keep on hating him. Francis waved at him with an awkward smile from time-to-time when they crossed paths, and Terran would turn away with a bitter scowl.
One of Terran’s friends, Yoon, noticed how dismissive he was toward the page. “I don’t see why you always turn your nose up at that page. He seems to look up to you, and he’s very hardworking. I can’t see him ever being a great warrior, but that doesn’t mean you should be cruel toward him. I heard him talking about how much he would like you to teach him the sword; nothing is more flattering for us warriors, right?”
Terran said nothing in reply.
Nobody at the academy knew that Francis and Terran were brothers. As far as they knew, Terran was an only child, and letting them know that he had a brother could give away Francis’ deformity. Francis told a lie that he, too, was an only child when he arrived at the academy. He told the head instructor of the academy that he had no family and requested housing on academy grounds, which the head instructor was happy to provide. Francis could no longer come home even if he wanted to.
The thought of his brother living alone on academy grounds with no close friends, worked to the bone day-after-day, never failed to make Terran teary-eyed. And one day, when Francis got up the guts to ask his brother to teach him the sword, Terran could not say no.
Chapter Eighty-Five: Red Moon (K)night
After Eory, Terran, and Them finished making their rounds at all the tables, speaking to several recruits, they sat down at one of the vacant ones. It had been two hours, and many of the recruits had gone to bed, leaving the mess hall empty but for a few recruits.
Eory had been beaming during these past two hours, and Them and Terran found themselves smiling as well. Eory shouted excitedly, “That was so fun! I got to know so many of the recruits! Thank you so much, Them!”
Them rolled his eyes with a grin. “More like I got to know them. You two were quieter than mice! I did almost all the talking! But, at least we got to know what some of their favorite things were.”
Eory nodded, his face scrunching up into a squinty smile. He clapped excitedly. “Now I can try to sew their favorite things for them! Maybe I can make more friends!”
Terran, who stretched with a yawn, chimed in, “That’s what this was all about? Eory, you can’t buy friendship. You have to earn it.”
Eory looked down. “How would I ever manage to do that? I’m not likable at all…”
Terran frowned, turning away with glassy eyes for a moment.
Them shook his head, groaning. “God, why can’t you let the kid have a moment of happiness, Terran? I’d say he’s making progress! Giving the recruits something might be the easiest way for a quiet kid like Eory to break the ice with them.”
Pete, who had been following the trio around, jotting down what the favorite things of the recruits were, jingled something to Them.
“Even Pete says you’re a stick in the mud, Terran.” Them chuckled.
“It’s okay—really it is, I get that I must earn—” Eory spluttered.
“I apologize, Eory. Them is right; you’re a shy person and these people are hostile toward you. You made great progress today just by listening to them and planning to make gifts for them. It isn’t buying their friendship, it’s showing them kindness despite the fact that they have shown you none. You’re a good man, Eory.” Terran smiled his approval.
Eory looked at Terran, Them, and Pete, feeling an extremely comfortable bond with them—one that was entirely different from his bond with Kori, Eliita, and Pollyanna. To be accepted among them as a man and a friend made him feel truly attached to his body instead of being swept away from it. He whispered, “Thank you…”
Eliita moved from her table to come sit with them in a moment. “Did you three have fun?”
“We had so much fun!” Eory exclaimed.
Eliita regarded them all with a silent smile for a moment. She locked eyes with Eory. “Did you tell Terran about your plan to meet the Red Moon Knight?”
Eory, who wanted nothing more than for the elf to respect him, felt embarrassed about the idea of having to tell Terran his farfetched plan. However, he also recognized that Terran might be helpful in achieving his goal.
“What’s going on?” Terran asked.
All of his friends were looking at him expectantly. It made him sweat with nervousness. “Well… I did more reading about the Red Moon Knight, and I have an idea of how to meet him.”
Terran’s face wrinkled in confusion. “Meet him? Who is he in the first place?”
Eory felt ridiculous even suggesting that the knight might be real, but it was the best lead he had. “He’s a figure in a dwarven fairy tale, but I suspect he might be more than that.”
Eory’s friends all waited for him to elaborate, even Them and Eliita, who had already heard his tale.
The fairy’s hands were shaking, and he clenched them to gain control over his involuntary convulsions; his fear-ridden body—including his rapidly beating heart and his twitching leg—calmed down after doing so. He took a deep breath, looking his friends in the eyes one-by-one.
First, he explained to all of them about the book, Moonpool, and then he explained his translation, and lastly, he explained the rest of the researching he had done up until that point. After that, he began to tell them what he had learned recently.
“You see, I surmise that the Red Moon Knight and the… Red Moon Night might be one and the same.” Eory smiled at Terran’s look of utter confusion and elaborated on both meanings of the word. “Eliita told me of an event in dwarven mythology, labeled the Red Moon Night, in which all of the dwarves on Yharos supposedly hid underground to avoid a red moon swallowing them. In the dwarven book--The Beginning--where this event occurs, it’s explained that the dwarves are the best and oldest of species due to surviving the Red Moon Night. However, in the dwarven fairy tale, Giant Killer, there is a character called the Red Moon Knight with a K...”
Eory took a deep breath before continuing. “The events of both stories take place right where the Crater lay; Juree told me that the ancient dwarven kingdom used to stand right where we are standing right now. The dwarven prince in the fairy tale summoned the Red Moon Knight by letting fifteen droplets of his own blood fall into a pool of water on the fifteenth of the month. His blood turned the water red, and, by extension, turned the reflection of the moon hanging above him red. The knight is described as having a maw that could ‘Swallow Yharos whole’, but the similarities don’t stop there.”
“I don’t know, Eory… The similarities sound coincidental.” Terran interjected.
Eory nodded understandingly. “I understand. I still have more to tell you, though.”
“But how will this even get rid of the doppelgangers?” Terran questioned.
Eory laughed. “For pity’s sake, let me continue!” Everyone at the table chuckled, surprised that Eory had to silence Terran like he was a rowdy child.
“Sorry, mom.” Them joked in place of Terran, who he knew was not one for joking. Eory shook his head with a snort.
“Anyway…” The fairy gathered his thoughts, thinking of the best way to explain his theory to Terran. “I think both stories have the same author; the Red Moon Knight himself.”
Eliita was as speechless as she was when Eory had told her the same thing earlier. She wondered how such an important piece of dwarven mythology could possibly be written by a fairy tale character.
“The language used in both stories and the style of writing point to it being the same author. Although I couldn’t get my hands on the only copy of The Beginning, there were excerpts of it written in a different book in the library. In The Beginning¸ there is a sentence that says, ‘the spear of the red moon was launched from the pit of night, shattering all the homes and hiding places on Yharos, and unveiling all the creatures upon it. The red moon opened its bottomless maw and, with a great inward breath, sucked all the creatures who were not hidden underground into its mouth, swallowing them whole.’” Eory took a swig of water left over from a recruit who previously sat where he was sitting.
Everyone was enthralled by how well Eory was spinning his tale. It was as if he had practiced it.
Their gazes made Eory uncomfortable. He didn’t like to have so many eyes upon him at once. He looked away for a moment so he wouldn’t get nervous, and then told his friends about the similar excerpt from Giant Killer. “The similar passage from Giant Killer goes like this; ‘the Red Moon Knight drew his red-tinged spear, launching it from the pit of night. The dwarven prince barely threw himself out of the way before it pierced him. When it thudded into the ground, the spear shook Yharos so greatly that it reverberated around the expanse of the world three times. It shook down all the trees in the forest, exposing the dwarven prince and leaving him no place to hide. Unable to pay the Red Moon Knight for the three wishes bestowed to him, the Red Moon Knight opened his vacuous maw—the only thing which his red armor did not sheath—and swallowed the dwarven prince whole.”
His friends all exchanged glances. He could see that he was winning them over (including Them and Eliita, who were dubious when he first told them his theory the first time). He could also see their discomfort growing at the prospect that such a powerful creature could possibly exist. Eory bit back laughter when he saw the hair on Terran’s arms rising. He didn’t take the elf for being superstitious.
“My final clue that the two books had the same author, other than the similar writing styles and language, is a tiny clue left behind by the author himself. There is something of a magical watermark printed on the inside of the book I was reading; I wouldn’t be surprised if the Red Moon Knight printed it on all the copies of his books. On the margins of each page in the book, there was this design—a spiral design—which looked very familiar to me. There was a book on my shelf back in my tower—one of my favorites—that I had pored over many times. It was a book which had symbols—both used and unused in modern day Yharos—that had simple meanings. The spiral in this book was a symbol used in the ancient dwarven language that could be a stand-in for the word, ‘inside’.” Eory explained.
He held his audience’s gaze, and for once didn’t feel stressed or embarrassed that he might say or do something foolish. They might be thinking the story he was telling them was farfetched, but at least they were willing to listen.
“I was curious, so I used a knife to dig into the wooden cover of the books. When I had peeled much of it aside, there were letters, in red, that were written in the same language and said the same thing as in the book, Moonpool. It said Red Moon Knight.” Eory elucidated. “Lastly, in Giant Killer, there is an ominous sentence… ‘The Red Moon Knight still lurks deep within the pool of water from whence the dwarven prince had summoned him’, and a similar, corresponding sentence in The Beginning, ‘the red moon has not, nor will it ever, vanish. There are pools of water—the only things the Red Moon Night did not swallow—that still reflect its image to this day,”
Silence ensued between everyone at the table as they processed this disturbing information.
“I think the Red Moon Knight would have the power to get rid of the doppelgangers. I think, if there is a pool of water in this crater, then we can use it to meet the Red Moon Knight.” Eory concluded. He clasped his hands on the table, looking at his friends pleadingly. “The problem is that… I don’t know how I would find it and meet the Red Moon Knight without help. Especially since Pollyanna has abandoned me.”
Pete jangled loudly.
Them put a hand on his shoulder. “Whoa, slow down, friend. What did you see out there?”
Pete slowed his jingles.
Them nodded in response while Pete spoke. “While Pete was out side the fortress the other night, he says he saw two things of interest; a tree not far from the fortress on his way out from the fortress, and a small pool of water glinting at him from a distance on his way back to the fortress.”
Eory’s face lit up. “Do you remember where it was?”
Pete nodded.
Eory’s heart thudded with excitement. “This is it! Perhaps we can meet the Red Moon Knight!”
Terran held up a staying hand. “Hold on, Eory. I know all of this sounds somewhat promising, but it’s still little more than a theory. We can’t know for sure whether the Red Moon Knight wrote this, whether he has any great powers, or whether he even exists at all. Is it really worth going so far from the Iron Fortress and risking our lives for a hunch?”
Eory shrugged, looking listless. “What have we got to lose? A lifetime being locked in this fortress, fighting until we die from old age or until the doppelgangers kill us? I think it’s worth a shot.”
Them was smiling. “Eory’s right! This could be our chance to do something amazing! How can I help, Eory?”
Eliita clasped Terran’s hand in her own. “I think we should help, too, in whatever way we can. Eory’s right; it may be farfetched, but it’s better than rotting in this fortress our whole lives.”
Terran looked at Eory, his eyes filled with concern. “And if you do meet the Red Moon Knight, how do you know he won’t swallow you up?”
Eory breathed harshly. He had thought of that himself, too. All he could say was, “Anything he does to me will be worth it if he cures Yharos of the doppelgangers. The fifteenth of the month is tomorrow. I say we try my plan at midnight tonight.”
Everyone looked excited and fearful at the same time. Terran glanced at Pete. “Why don’t we just have Pete go out and try to summon the Red Moon Knight? He went out and came back without a scratch before, after all.”
“I don’t think Pete bleeds. Not only that, but, according to the fairy tale, the blood has to come from someone of royal blood who can use magic, and from the person who wants to make the pact with the Red Moon Knight. It has to be me.” Eory answered.
Them acknowledged Eory’s statement with a nod. “It’s true; Pete doesn’t bleed. However… Eory, you’re not much of a fighter. You might get in the way out there.”
Eory wished he could deny it. All he could do was look down in embarrassment. “I know. I promise I’ll lie low.”
Terran stroked his chin. “Alright then. What’s the plan?”
Chapter Eighty-One: The Shaman
Within the cavernous lair where the dragons nested, Francis took a nap, looking paler and worse than ever. Kori sat next to him, hugging her knees in front of a fire while she spoke in hushed whispers to Hew and Terrance, trying to plot some method of escape. Anyananta and Casamir had taken off earlier--going to fetch a dwarf and bring him back to the cave for the ritual.
“What are we going to do?” Kori murmured to the two of them.
Terrance frowned, lowering himself to a sitting position next to Kori on the dirt floor. “I don’t know… I’d hate to say it, but it looks like there’s not much we can do to get out of this.”
Hew, who remained standing, crossed his arms. His facial expression was as unchanging as ever. “That old dragon… He does not seem to like Casamir.”
Kori’s eyes flitted toward Hew. “Do you have an idea?”
“You’re the Redeemer. You tell me.” Hew muttered.
Kori sank deeper into thought, wondering what Hew could possibly be hinting at.
All at once, it hit her. “Are you suggesting that I dig deeper into his emotions? That I… try to bring him to our side?”
A little smile twitched at the edge of Hew’s lips. “Redeemers are excellent manipulators, after all.”
Kori pursed her lips in offense, but said nothing.
Her thoughts began turning. How can I use this old dragon? More importantly, how can I use him without his realizing it?
“Does this plan put Kori in danger?” Terrance cut in worriedly. “I won’t have her risk herself.”
Kori rapped her knuckles against the dirt floor. “It’s not even a plan yet, Terrance… besides, we’re all going to die if we don’t do something. I’m willing to risk myself if it’s needed.”
“Kori, no! You are far too important! You make the world a better place!” Terrance exclaimed. “If any of us survives this, it should be you!”
Hew murmured, “I must admit, you care a lot about your people, Kori. I didn’t believe you when you said that you would ask your king to grant us elf-humans our own land within Maribel, but now… I’m beginning to believe it. When I saw that you were willing to die to save that elf just so you could have a chance at saving Maribel… I was impressed, little waif. Perhaps you would have given my people the land they need, after all. I find myself agreeing with Terrance. If any of us lives, it should be you.”
Kori blushed, her heart warming at the fact that they both respected her.
Kori racked her mind, thinking of how to use the old brown dragon, Rynat. She supposed the best way to use him was to get to know him and learn what he had against Casamir, but that would take a great deal of confidence, which Kori already felt was withering away.
She realized that Francis, Terrance, and even Hew, were now depending on her, and that pressure made her crumble, despite their encouraging belief in her abilities as a Redeemer.
She had lived her life in the shadows, and that was the way she liked it. Now, she was the only one who had a sliver of a chance to save them all. She didn’t want them to have to rely on her.
Kori was drawn out of her thoughts by the noisy roaring and deep bellowing of nearby dragons. All around them, dozens of dragons were tearing living, squealing animals apart and dead humans, too.
The… Crunching sound the dragons made as they tore their prey apart made her sick to her stomach. She wondered where Rynat had gone to amidst the chaotic crowd. The stomping of the dragons and the heat put out by their bodies was making her nauseated.
Kori glanced at Francis who was still sleeping soundly. At the very least, Kori needed to make sure he had something to eat and drink when he woke up. It had been hours since their last drink and meal, after all. She climbed to her feet, dusting the dirt from her dress.
Terrance shot to his feet after her. “What are you planning to do?”
“Relax. I’m just going to ask them for something to eat for Francis’ sake.” Kori replied. The waif looked around for the Shaman from earlier, assuming that the white-scaled dragon had some sort of the authority over the rest. She thought she might have seen him when the great crowd of dragons parted for a moment and she saw the glinting of white scales.
Kori headed toward the massive crowd of dragons with her heart thudding, past two dragons warring over a dead rhinoceros, and two others tearing apart the corpse of an elf. Terrance, and even Hew, followed her.
The dragons grumbled in low laughter as the tiny waif and her companions approached. Kori asked a gold-scaled dragon who was blocking her way meekly, “Excuse me, may I speak with your Shaman? We need more food if we are to survive while Casamir is away.”
Kori couldn’t tell for sure, but she could have sworn that she saw the dragon grinning slightly. “Very well.”
The dragon moved aside, revealing dozens of other sharp-toothed, sharp-clawed dragons mingling behind him, blocking her way.
Kori swallowed nervously. “Can you tell your friends that we’ll be walking through here so they don’t squish us?”
The golden dragon bellowed his laughter at her request. Nonetheless, he announced to the other dragons, “The soft-fleshed ones will be muscling their way through. Try not to stomp on them.” To Kori he said, “The Shaman should be at the back, resting.”
The crowd of dragons parted to either side of the cavern, creating a narrow path for Kori to travel. At the back of the cave, she saw the white-scaled Shaman resting on a gigantic pile of feathers. Kori walked down the narrow path, hunched over in fear, glancing to her left and right frantically as she passed by the carnivorous dragons.
She and her companions didn’t say a word for fear it would provoke the dragons.
Kori counted the seconds as she forced her feet to keep moving.
One, two, thr--
Jaws sprang forth from the left-side of the crowd, snapping at Kori’s heels. She yelled in fear, jumping to the right. Her pulse raced.
She panted, her vision spinning with fear. She stood terror-stricken, unable to move for a moment.
The dragons huffed laughter out their nostrils at her fear.
Terrance came to her side, hauling her to her feet. “You don’t have to do this, Kori. I can ask for you.”
After panting a few more times, Kori shook her head.
She clenched the bottom of her boots with her toes, reminding herself that she still lived and breathed, and then continued approaching the white dragon.
Five more dragons snapped at her—trying to scare her--and were disappointed when she no longer leapt in terror.
Eventually, Kori was close enough to the Shaman that she could touch him. She lowered herself to one knee, hoping her good manners would get her somewhere with the dragon. “Excuse me…”
The Shaman opened one, yellow eye. “I’m trying to nap. Do you soft-fleshes not understand your place? You are little more than food.”
Kori gulped, trying not to cry in fear. “We… It’s been hours since we’ve eaten and had water to drink. Can you please get us some? Casamir needs us alive, right?”
The Shaman stared at her silently.
She was afraid he would be the one to snap her up in his jaws.
The Shaman shakily lifted himself to his feet.
It occurred to Kori that this dragon, like the brown-scaled one, was most likely very old. The Shaman turned to the red-scaled dragon standing next to his bed of feathers. “Fetch these weaklings something to eat and drink. Now leave me, you farsighted fools.”
The red dragon obeyed, heading toward the opening of the cavern without a word. If a wingless creature stepped out of the opening of the cave, they would plummet to their death. But if they rode a dragon…
-Kori watched the red dragon begin bounding quickly toward the cave opening, leaping out and flapping its wings to take flight. It would have been a marvelous sight if she wasn’t so terrified.
Kori and her companions made their way back to Francis’ side after that. Kori’s legs wobbled in fear the whole time, and when she arrived back at their campfire, she collapsed. She breathed harshly, letting tears of fear run down her face.
Chapter Eighty-Two: Emergence Into the Sunlight
Kori, Hew, and Terrance said very little while they waited for the red dragon to return, if the dragon would return at all. Kori didn’t know how important it was for Casamir to become a dragon, and therefore, she didn’t know how important it was for the dragons to keep them alive.
They were all wrapped up in their own worried thoughts and concerns for the future. Realizing that this would most likely be the end of her life, Kori found her thoughts drawn toward Eory.
What I wouldn’t give to see him one more time. Kori thought to herself as she wiped tears from her eyes with her palms. She realized, with her heart aching with regret and love, that she still had the picture Eory had drawn of her tucked away in her pocket. She retrieved it and pressed it lovingly against her heart.
You’re the son I always wanted. She thought to herself.
At that moment, the red dragon appeared at the mouth of the cavern, carrying a charred, dead ox in its jaws. The scaled creature dropped the dead animal in front of Kori and her companions, and then went on its way.
A different dragon arrived with a barrel filled with sloshing water in its jaws. It placed the barrel by Kori and then departed without a word.
Kori looked at the charred ox, unable to hide her disgust at having to eat such ill-prepared meat. Nonetheless, at least there was now something for them all to eat.
Kori shook Francis’ shoulder. “Francis, wake up. We have something to eat.”
Francis yawned.
Kori realized, her heart inexplicably leaping with joy, that his color looked better. He still looked sick, but she thought he might be recovering. “How are you feeling…?”
“Like I haven’t bathed in years.” Francis answered in his sassy way. “And a little bit better than I was feeling.”
The elf turned his nose up at the giant, dead ox. “And I thought the elf-humans were savages…”
Hew appeared to take no offense at the remark. He was too busy helping Terrance tear pieces of meat off the body of the ox.
“Well,” Francis murmured. “I suppose that we’re going to die here.”
His bluntness and his willingness to make a comedy out of their situation made her giggle. “I, um… Have a plan. The tiniest sliver of hope, if you will.”
Terrance tossed Francis a piece of meat. Francis fumbled, trying to catch it—it ended up hitting the elf in the face. Francis peeled it off his face with a bitter expression. “Inconsiderate, brute of a human.”
Hew tossed Kori a piece of meat, and she caught it elegantly, even as she laughed at Francis’ misery.
“What’s this plan of yours?” Francis said as he tore off a smaller piece of the meat with his teeth.
“It…” Kori felt her dwindling confidence dwindling even further. “It has to do with the brown dragon—Rynat. He doesn’t like Casamir, and I was thinking that… Maybe we can use that to our advantage--it was Hew’s idea originally.”
Francis looked up at the stony ceiling thoughtfully as he chewed. “I see… You want to somehow make him an ally. That would require you to get him to like you.”
Kori daintily tore off a small piece of meat with her own teeth. Once she finished chewing, she replied, “That’s… That’s the problem. All of that… It requires confidence. It requires being someone who I’m not.”
Francis raised an eyebrow. “What on Yharos are you talking about?”
Terrance and Hew were listening to the pair speak to one another, too intent on eating to comment on what was being said. Their eyes flickered from speaker to speaker curiously.
Kori frowned, her heart aching with pain at sour memories.
Her confidence had always been tied to other people.
At first, it was tied to her family back in Trella. If she behaved well and acted as a proper young woman should, her family would be happy with her, and her confidence would stay unshattered. And if her family was confident and happy, so was she.
But she slept with a man in her village, and the shame she felt was so powerful that she could hardly live with herself. Being banished from Trella was almost a relief compared to living with that intense, shameful secret.
Her confidence lay in pieces until Laurence picked those pieces up and put them back together.
He didn’t just fix her confidence; he gave her something she never had.
A bright spot in the sunshine—away from the shadows--that was his love.
As long as he touched her, as long as he kept her by his side, as long as he loved her and told her she was worth something, then she was. That was why she did everything he asked her to, regardless of how it made her feel.
“I’ve allowed myself to be stomped on.” Kori admitted to the elf. “Laurence saved my life, and I loved him so much for it that I allowed him to use me as he wished. I was content doing anything he asked for, even after he married someone else—helping him with the complaints from peasants, rehabilitating criminals, soothing him when the stress of running a kingdom was too great--I even let him…” Kori couldn’t help an involuntary sob. “I even let him fuck me whenever he wanted as if I were nothing more than a common whore. I thought that being in his life, even if it was in the shadows and no longer in the sunshine, was better than trying to live a life without him, because I simply didn’t know how.”
Francis looked at her with wide eyes, as did Hew and Terrance.
Kori’s cheeks were on fire with embarrassment; she knew that they all must be thinking she was pathetic. Francis took another bite out of his piece of meat. After he swallowed, he whispered with surprising compassion, “You’re too hard on yourself. He saved you, after all.”
Despite her tears, Kori was so hungry that she ate through them. She said around a mouth full of meat, forgetting her manners, “I’m not young anymore, Francis--I’m thirty-eight--I should be old enough to stand on my own damned two feet and have a life worth living apart from Laurence. I could have found another man to love and a different profession outside of Laurence several times, but I didn’t. Speaking to this dragon is going to require courage and strength—qualities I do not possess.” Kori confessed ashamedly. “I’ve stood in Laurence's shadow my whole life.”
Francis’ eyes glowed with unshed tears at her words.
The companions ate in silence for a time. Eventually, Terrance said, “I don’t care about any of that, Kori. It’s you I’m loyal to, not Laurence. You saved my brother.”
Hew muttered, “Your heart is soft as a woman’s heart should be. You don’t give yourself enough credit.”
Their words were kind, but they did not comfort Kori.
Francis, who had been keeping his eyes down as he ate and drank, now looked up at Kori. He was still biting back tears, and he said with a wobbly voice, “You’re wrong, Kori. You have courage and confidence. You separated yourself from your king the moment you decided to go against his wishes and return me to Alanheim. You made all of us here like you on your own; it had nothing to do with Laurence. You stepped out from the shadows and showed that you were a brave woman—maybe braver than all us—despite your small size. It’s appalling that you don’t think you have the qualities to befriend this dragon; you befriended all of us, after all.”
Kori’s tear-streaked face lit up with surprise.
Her self-confidence, which had long ago been crushed under her own feet as well as the feet of people who supposedly loved her, felt like it had made a slight resurgence in that moment. She realized that she had, indeed, made a decision entirely separate from Laurence, and it was the right decision.
And that was not the only decision she had made on her own that was a brilliant one.
Saving Eory, the best decision she had made in her life, was entirely her own decision.
She realized, as she looked at her companions, that she had won their camaraderie through her own convictions and kindness, and that was something to be proud of. She looked up from the charred piece of meat she was eating and saw the old dragon, Rynat, nearby.
Her hands were shaking with fear and excitement.
Chapter Eighty-Three: Bonded Soulmate
Maruka sat in his quarters late at night on the edge of his bed. He was hunched over, clutching his forehead in his hands and racking his mind for a way to prove to Eory that he could be trusted enough to know the secret to Pollyanna's immortality.
It wasn’t just that he was having difficulties thinking of a way to prove his loyalty to Eory; he was having difficulties coming to terms with betraying the fairy in general.
Maruka liked Eory very much. He spent much of his time of late thinking about how much he enjoyed his company. He was consumed with shame about taking advantage of someone who was so trusting and naïve.
“What’s the problem, my darling?” A sultry voice in the corner of the room questioned.
Maruka lifted his head in response to the voice. Lollia was standing in the corner of his room, hands clasped behind her wooden back. “I d-don’t know what to do.” Maruka choked out through a lump in his throat.
Lollia frowned compassionately. She sat next to him, and because Maruka had no one else to lean his head on, he leaned his head on her. “If we want Eory to tell us his s-secret, I have to give him something great enough to earn his trust, but I know there’s n-nothing on Yharos that would ever get him to trust me that much. I-I’ve done what I can—just let me go.”
Lollia tsked, kissing his cheek. Maruka leaned away from her lips, but she grabbed his cheeks and held him still so he couldn’t avoid her kisses. “There is something you can give him…”
Lollia snapped her fingers. There, upon the rug in his quarters, appeared his seal skin in a flash of golden light.
Maruka gasped, his eyes lighting up.
Desperately, he flung himself from his bedside, tumbling to the ground on top of the seal skin. I can go home!
Lollia snorted, turning her nose up at his shameless desperation. “I had a time hunting it down. Give the fairy your seal skin; give him your greatest dream of returning to the sea on a silver platter. He will trust you then.”
With a mad look in his black eyes, Maruka donned his seal skin, ignoring Lollia.
In a flash of powdery blue magic, the human Maruka was gone, and in his place was a happy, carefree, barking seal. It flopped on the rug cheerfully, looking for its home, the sea.
Lollia gritted her teeth in disgust. Like she had done on their first meeting, she morphed her five-fingered, wooden hand into a sharp pike and cut the selkie out of his seal skin.
She snatched up the seal skin even as the now-human-selkie leapt for it.
Lollia draped his seal skin over her shoulders, waggling an admonishing pointer finger at the selkie. “If I can’t trust you with this, I’m afraid I will have to tie you to a tree and leave you there for a year.”
Maruka’s mouth opened wide in horror. “N-n-no! Please! I’ll do anything you ask—just don’t do that to me again!”
Lollia stared at the selkie’s trembling face for a moment, drumming her fingers on her chin. “Don’t try to run. I will catch you.”
Maruka nodded hastily without a word, drying his tearful eyes.
Lollia tossed the seal skin to the floor in front of him and then disappeared. Maruka gathered his seal skin up in his arms, rubbing his cheek against it lovingly, wishing, more than anything, that he could use it to return to the sea.
Maruka had been beaten, tortured, abused, and spat on in his life, but the worst torture he had ever faced was being able to hold his seal skin in his hands, but being unable to wear it and return to the only life that had ever brought him joy--leading his thoughts away from painful memories of Lollia.
__
Long ago, after years of being a slave to the elves—the first creatures other than Lollia who he had ever met—Maruka had encountered dryad again.
At this point, he could now understand the words that once felt and sounded so alien in his throat and on his lips. He could also understand the language of the elves as well as the universal language of Yharos, Common.
Maruka knew no other life as a human other than fetching the lord and lady of the house he was sold to whatever items they wanted, cleaning up their house, playing with their children, and cooking.
Occasionally, both the lord and lady of the house would ask him to join them in the bedroom. After he did so, he would feel sick to his stomach and hateful towards himself, and he didn’t understand why. He felt dizzy in the head, his heart pounding and his hands trembling as if he had done something wrong.
He wanted to return to the sea even back then, but he thought there were good things about being a human. He liked having deep thoughts to think; because he could think deeply about things other than his next meal, sex, sleeping, or drinking—unlike when he was a seal--he was able to think of what creatures could possibly live in the starry night sky. He was also able to think of his own purpose and wondered if he had one.
He liked thinking these thoughts, even if they hurt his head and made him feel small.
And one night, after ten years of working for the rich lord and lady he served, Lollia appeared to him again. Maruka had gone into town, intending to buy meat for tomorrow’s dinner, when he saw her.
-She had made her skin soft and fleshy--like a human’s or an elf’s—and her hair was not made of leaves and branches as it was when she was a dryad; instead it was soft, draping delicately in front of her shoulders. She was no longer naked; instead, she wore a low-cut, pink gown.
He didn’t know it back then, but she was able to shift between the appearance of a dryad and a human woman, and did not know who she was at the time.
She caught Maruka’s eye, standing in front of the butcher’s shop. He cocked his head to the side. “Do I know you?” Maruka asked, his voice consistent and unwavering; back then, he had no stutter.
“Perhaps you do.” The woman replied enigmatically. “Do you like your life here?”
Maruka frowned, unable to answer. “I… Like playing with the kids and cooking and cleaning, but I don’t like my master and mistress.”
The woman was silent as she stared at him adoringly. Maruka found himself blushing. “Would you like to leave?”
Maruka looked up at the night sky. “Where would I go?”
“I can take you anywhere you want.” The beautiful woman answered.
Maruka was swept away by her promise. He dropped the coins his masters had given him in the street and the beautiful woman took him by the wrist and dragged him elsewhere—far away from the elves who had enslaved him. Maruka had known no other life as an intelligent creature, and so this life of letting this beautiful woman drag him around, showing him the wonderful sights that Yharos had to offer enchanted him. She expected nothing of him in return,, other than appreciation. She romanced him well--so well that he had fallen deeply in love with her.
It was only later that he learned that Lollia had planned for him to be captured and abused by the elves so she could come to his rescue and earn his loyalty.
One night, while they lay under a starry night sky—Maruka’s cheek on her chest and his arms around her waist—she whispered something in his ear.
“Did you know that you are the key to changing this world?" Lollia's sharp voice cut through the soft air like a sharp knife.
“What are you talking about?” Maruka replied, dumbfounded by her sudden suggestion.
“I am speaking of the destiny foretold to me by the Antlers.” Lollia murmured.
Maruka felt the air between them change in that moment.
Lollia’s hand tensed where it lay on the selkie’s back. She sat up, Maruka following suite. She stroked his face lovingly. “Years ago, I met an Antler. These are mythical creatures only seen by people who are important enough to change the world. I was wandering about, confused about what to do with myself because my masters had died, and I fell into a cold pool of water. This water was so cold that it froze my eyes open, and they were held open for so long that I could see things I never had before. I could see an Antler lurking in the pits of the water beneath me, and that Antler split my mind with a future I will never forget. He showed me a future where I sat upon a brilliant, golden throne, a seal by my side and a glowing, golden collar around his neck. Attached to the collar was a chain which I held tightly in my hand. You are my soulmate, and nothing will ever change that.”
Lollia wrapped a long-fingered hand possessively around his neck. “It wasn’t just that. The Antler also showed me when and where our first meeting would take place, and how to catch you and make you into a human. And… How to own you forever. You remember that potion I gave you? It chained you to me forever.”
Maruka’s eyes widened as Lollia’s fleshy, soft hand became wooden and hard and a golden collar formed around his neck.
Chapter Eighty-Four: Skin
Maruka didn’t want his seal skin to go to waste, so he made it a goal to romance Eory as much as possible before giving it to him, hoping that it would result in the fairy telling him Pollyanna’s secret.
He continued painting with the fairy, teaching him how to use the bow, and teaching him how to cook because the fairy was curious about it.
Occasionally, Maruka kissed him and tried to make him laugh, although Eory faired far better at the latter than Maruka did.
The selkie’s sense of humor had dried up long ago.
After months of romancing him, Maruka noticed something about the fairy. He noticed that the fairy was missing a finger. Worriedly, Maruka grabbed the fairy’s hand. “What on Yharos h-happened?”
Eory jerked his hand away, pushing his hair back. “It was nothing.”
Maruka let the subject drop, sensing Eory would get angry if he pressed him.
After three months had passed, Maruka decided that the perfect day to give Eory his seal skin was the day they finished painting the vacant armory together.
Eory was standing in the middle of the room, looking at their handiwork silently.
Upon the walls and ceiling were painted the three fairy goddesses. Their hair was wispy, white, and wind-like; their skin was painted in such a way that it looked like porcelain. Upon the floor, the vast land of Yharos, yet untouched by man, was painted and accompanied by an ocean that spanned the length of it.
Maruka was leaning against one of the walls, blinking curiously, watching as Eory stood, still as a statue, surveying their work with an incredibly methodical expression.
Maruka cleared his throat, intending to say something, but was interrupted by Eory jumping up excitedly and clapping his hands. “It’s perfect!” He exclaimed, throwing his arms around Maruka.
Eory proceeded to grab the selkie’s his wrist and drag him to the center of the room. Maruka stood still and looked at their work as intently as Eory was before.
He was taken in by the sheer effort of the piece of art they had created together. His eyes darted from wall-to-wall, taking in the small, beautiful details Eory had added, and even admiring the clumsily done pieces he had painted.
He could feel the scene.
He could feel the middle fairy goddess’ breath on his face, he could hear the sound of the eldest fairy goddess’ tear, falling from her eye, and he could see the youngest goddess shaping animals with her bare hands as if she were truly moving.
Lastly, his eyes were drawn to the ocean.
The sound of the foamy water lapping at the shore called him.
He was addicted to that sound; in the past, he could sit by the sea for hours just listening to it. Eory’s voice, nearly as soft and soothing as the ocean, retrieved him from his addiction before it could devour him.
“Thank you for letting me paint this.” Eory said. “This is the greatest piece of art I’ve ever created.”
Maruka kissed Eory’s cheek. “Thank you for letting me help you. I feel like… I-I’ve remembered that living amongst intelligent creatures and being one of them isn’t all bad.”
Eory’s face scrunched up in the squinty smile that Maruka loved.
In many ways, Maruka wanted Eory very much. The fairy had given up months ago on sleeping with Maruka, and the selkie was glad of it at first.
Perhaps Eory had realized he wasn’t ready yet, or perhaps he decided that he was more than happy just being kissed and held, or perhaps…
He still harbored feelings for the Arrozan Sword.
It was hard to tell why the fairy had stopped caring about it, but Maruka certainly liked it. Love making had stopped being enjoyable for him a long time ago, although an interest in it had been somewhat rekindled since he met Eory.
Eory liked to be hugged, and it was hard for Maruka to admit, but he hoped every day that Eory would ask to be hugged, even if it felt childish at times.
Hugs were genuine, comforting things. Hugs were not—and could not—be used to manipulate him or obtain power over him like sex was. Hugs gave Maruka the physical contact that had been missing from his life for so long without him having to risk the hurt and abuse that came with the complication of removing his clothes and baring his sensitive skin.
Eory was always the one who had to ask for hugs. But right now, Maruka wanted one enough to ask for one, even though he felt like he didn’t deserve it for playing with the fairy’s feelings. He whispered, “H-hug?”
Eory smiled ear-to-ear. “You don’t have to look ashamed! What is it with you? Sometimes I think you’re shyer about these things than even I am!”
Eory opened his arms wide, enclosing them around Maruka, who buried his face in the fairy’s shoulder, hiding his tears.
Eory chuckled. “I’d hate to admit this, but I’m as snappable as a toothpick. You’re gonna break me if you hug me any tighter!”
Maruka had realized over the past few months that Eory had a surprisingly great sense of humor once he opened up, despite how dour and moody he seemed at first.
Time passed.
Maruka just stood there in the middle of the room, enjoying Eory’s embrace. Eventually, Maruka held the fairy at arm’s length, looking at him adoringly.
Eory was unused to the way Maruka was looking at him.
He raised an eyebrow confusedly, backing away an inch. “What…? Did I get paint on my face again?”
Maruka stroked Eory’s soft hair.
He had to finally admit to himself that he had fallen in love with him, and there was nothing the selkie hated more than being in love.
With a heavy heart, he said to Eory, “I found a way to prove that you can trust me with Pollyanna’s secrets.”
Eory was incredulous, but he waited for the selkie to continue.
“Follow me to my quarters.” Maruka murmured.
__
Eory sat on the edge Maruka’s bed, swaying his legs back and forth while Maruka dug his seal skin out from the bottom drawer of his dresser.
“I like your room!” Eory said cheerfully.
Maruka was incredibly happy to see that the fairy had been in high spirits of late. He knew it was because he had made friends, and he was proud of the fairy for making them. He knew how hard it must have been for him being as shy as he was.
“T-thank you…” Maruka murmured.
Eory was giggling the giggle that made Maruka’s heart skip a beat. “You know, no one’s around… You’ve got my hips all to yourself--it’s not too late to do whatever you please with them!”
Maruka shook his head with a grin as he pulled his seal skin out. Eory liked to tease him like that often. Being as creative as he was, he liked to pretend their relationship—which was mostly harmless—was far more scandalous and forbidden than it actually was and he spun wild tales about it--for Maruka’s ears only.
Maruka held the seal skin for a moment, his heart pounding, his guilt overwhelming him.
He had a chance to put the seal skin back in the drawer, accept Lollia’s torture, and let Eory continue being the sweet, innocent man who had ensnared him, but his fear—his memories and trauma--wouldn’t let him.
He wound his way around the bed and knelt in front of Eory, seal skin in hand.
Eory couldn’t hide his shock at seeing it.
“I-I… Thought about using it to return t-t-to the sea but… I want to give it to y-y-you to take that option out of my hands. I would rather spend the rest of my life with you than return to the sea.” Maruka said with such sincerity that Eory’s eyes became shiny with unshed tears right then and there.
The fairy’s jaw was slack, his cheeks were red.
Maruka draped the skin over Eory’s shoulders. Eory wiped his eyes, sniffling. Maruka kissed his forehead. Eory was swept away in the spontaneity of the moment.
He whispered the secret to Pollyanna’s immortality in the selkie’s ear.
-Chapter Eighty-Six: Setting Out
At midnight, Pete phased his head through the iron walls of the fortress. He scanned the expanse of the Crater.
There were doppelgangers, to be sure, but not a large amount. Pete floated out through the fortress walls--ending up behind the building--scouting the area around the glinting pool of water a mile out from the fortress for more doppelgangers. All-in-all, there were very few doppelgangers barring the way between the fortress and the pool; most of the doppelgangers were spawning in front of the fortress, and very few behind. Pete counted about fifteen doppelgangers.
Pete returned to the fortress, speeding through it to Eory’s quarters where Them, Terran, and Eliita were waiting for the wisp’s verdict. He jingled something in a high-pitched tone.
“Pete says now is as good a night as any; he saw fifteen doppelgangers between the fortress and pool. Should we try it?” Them asked.
Eory nodded determinedly. “The sooner the better.”
“I agree. If we can get rid of the need for this tower, that would be a benefit to every creature on Yharos.” Eliita chimed in. Terran sighed. “I can’t very well let Eliita go alone. I’ll come, too.”
Eory sighed a sigh of relief. He felt like he could accomplish this feat with Eliita, Them, Pete, and Terran at his back.
He only wished Pollyanna was with him, and Maruka, too. Earlier, Eory thought about telling Maruka what he wished to accomplish, but he knew the selkie would prevent him from going, so he didn’t. The group laid out their final plan, and then got ready to set out, each armed with their preferred weapons.
__
There was only one exit from the fortress, and that was through the portcullis that Terran, Pollyanna, Them, Pete and Eliita exited through during their shifts.
The group made their way down to the entrance of the fortress. Security in the Iron Fortress was lax, especially at this hour; any Astral Elves or other guards didn’t anticipate anyone to leave, regardless, because any escapees would either die from the doppelgangers or would otherwise be trapped under the lethal magical dome until the doppelgangers found them.
When they arrived at the heavy, wooden door leading outside, Terran pushed it open, hoping it wouldn’t creak too much. Outside, a heavy, iron portcullis blocked access to the Crater. There were two guards manning the ropes that opened the portcullis.
Terran said, “Maruka sends word that there is need for additional recruits on the battlefield. Let us through.”
It wasn’t an uncommon occurrence for Maruka, or any other of the shift captains, to make such a request. The two recruits looked at one another, and then back at Terran. Without another word, they pulled the ropes taut, the portcullis groaning open. The small group walked through the open portcullis and out into the fresh night air, praying that they would survive the night.
Chapter Eighty-Seven: Surge
Eory held his bow close as the group began circling their way around to the back of the Iron Fortress. Them, Eliita, Terran, and Pete all surrounded him protectively. Terran was in front of him, Them was at his back, Eliita was to his right, and Pete was on his left.
He couldn’t see very far ahead due to Terran’s broad back blocking his view.
Eory’s muscles were mercilessly tense; his grip on his bow was so tight that he was afraid he might get a splinter. He had never been on the battlefield before, and he was terrified. The air was choked by red toxicity, and he could feel the anguish of those who had fallen on this battlefield caked into the soil.
At their backs was the yelling of the night shift, a group that had a high mortality rate due to the shadowy doppelgangers blending in so well with night. Eory and his companions had snuck by, unnoticed, by both the recruits up on the battlements and the recruits on the battlefield, who were distracted by the doppelgangers.
The screaming of the night shift and the clamor of steel-on-steel hurt Eory's sensitive ears as they picked up every thud and clang from the nearby battle. Because his view was obstructed anyway, he closed his eyes for a moment, taking deep breaths and trying to get himself to relax.
D-deep breaths… Maruka’s voice echoed in his mind gently.
Eory smiled, blushing a little, remembering one of his previous training sessions with Maruka. He opened his rosy eyes and came face-to-face with Maruka’s black ones.
Maruka smiled at him, tilting his chin up. “A-and chin up. You have nothing to be ashamed of.”
Eory snapped back to reality when he heard a loud clanging. His heart nearly thudded out of his chest at the loud sound disrupting the peaceful quiet.
A doppelganger holding a shadowy mace was ramming it against Terran’s sword.
Terran grunted, planting his feet firmly in the ground as the doppelganger pushed harder against his sword. Eory reached for his quiver with a trembling hand, intending to grab an arrow. He grabbed at air, his fingers too anxious to find his arrows.
His head was pounding in panic. All he could envision was Terran’s impending death as the doppelganger pushed harder against the elf’s blade.
Eliita quickly left the circle, pouring water from her flask over her axe and then kicking the doppelganger, who stumbled backward as a result. Eliita dug her watery axe into the doppelganger’s fiery heart, and it faded from existence. Eliita rubbed Terran’s arm in concern. “Are you alright?”
Terran nodded. “I’m fine. Let’s keep going.”
Them noticed how much Eory was trembling. The waif elbowed him with a grin. “You have to stay calm, Eory. Don’t think about death or the consequences of failure. Just think of overcoming your opponent in battle.”
Eory took a deep breath, loosening his red-knuckled grasp on his bow.
Time passed as the group continued onward. There were times when Eory forgot about the danger they were in because they had travelled for so long without incident.
His eyes were wide as he marveled at how big Yharos was. He desperately wished he could explore it. He found himself enamored with the fresh night air--albeit stifled with red miasma--and the beautiful stars blinking at him from above. He had barely been able to experience any of it in his life, after all, as he had been a captive for most of it.
His ears picked up a small sound—perhaps a rat scampering by--reminding him to stay alert. “So strange that there are so few of them…” Them whispered.
“There’s a few.” Terran muttered, pointing ahead.
"Damn. I jinxed us." Them replied.
Eory leaned to the side, peering beyond Terran’s back. There were three doppelgangers standing idle about a yard away from the group. Once they saw Terran, they sprinted towards him, closing the gap between them quickly.
“Time for us to shine, Eory.” Them said excitedly.
The waif broke formation, pouring water from his flask onto the head of one of his arrows. The waif pulled the string on his bow taut.
The doppelgangers sped toward Terran at an inhuman pace.
Eory was frozen in fear.
Them launched his arrow. It whizzed through the air, thudding into one of the doppelganger’s hearts.
One of the remaining doppelgangers, wielding a thin rapier, crashed into Terran’s broadsword; Terran didn’t budge an inch. The doppelganger pulled the thin blade back only to redouble its efforts.
The doppelganger swished its blade twelve times at lightning-fast speed.
Terran gritted his teeth, too slow to block every single one of them. As he was preoccupied by a frontal assault, his left side was wide open for the other doppelganger to exploit.
Eory unfroze, finally snapping to action and grabbing one of his arrows.
Pete zipped past the fairy and pulsed with a blinding light, making both the doppelgangers shriek in pain, preventing them from striking Terran. Eliita, whose axe was still dripping with water, slammed it into the chest of the doppelganger who was flanking Terran’s exposed left.
Terran, who was bleeding from several tiny wounds, took his opportunity to pour water from his flask onto his blade and plunge it into the heart of the doppelganger who was engaging him from the front. The slain doppelgangers vanished in a puff of smoke.
An overwhelming feeling of guilt washed over Eory. 
If it weren’t for his other friends, Terran might have been killed. I did nothing in that fight… I have to try harder. Eory thought to himself.
Eliita patched up Terran’s tiny wounds, tearing off pieces of her tunic and wrapping them around his cuts. Eory was left to ruminate on his failure as the group continued their venture in silence.
“It won’t be much longer…" Terran whispered. “We’ve killed four of the fifteen doppelgangers who Pete saw. We have to be prepared for the rest. At least they should be pretty spaced out, judging by Pete’s report from earlier.”
Quietness resumed.
Eory’s vision began to swim after a time, his mind feeling hazy. It felt as if the redness of the Crater had somehow doubled and was coating them in its wicked miasma.
It wasn’t his imagination; the further they traveled, the thicker the emergent red mist became. Everyone in the group felt like they were struggling for air.
“Stay together,” Terran told his friends. “We don’t want to lose anyone in this mist.”
“Where is this mist coming from?” Eliita gasped. “It’s hard to breathe.”
Eory felt dizzy, his joints felt wooden. His pace slowed to a crawl. He reached out to grab Terran’s jerkin to make sure the elf was still there.
“I’m floating away....” Them muttered dazedly.
Eory’s joints no longer felt wooden after a time. Instead, he felt like he could barely feel them at all. He moved his right leg—the only one that had feeling—while dragging his limp left leg behind him.
Everything spun; the image of Terran’s back tilted until it was horizontal, his hearing kept fading in and out; white noise filled his ears. A sickening smell—like Sulphur—stuck to his nostrils.
Suddenly, a shriek split through his confusion.
“Eliita!” Terran yelled.
Eory looked to his right. Eliita was gone.
The mist lifted for a moment.
Eory’s heart pounded aggressively when he saw that ten doppelgangers were approaching. To his right, he saw that Eliita was pinned under the shadowy axe of another doppelganger. Terran darted after her—breaking the mist’s hold over his body.
Quick as a snake, Them grabbed one of his arrows, and, after dampening it with water, pulled the string taut, panting with exertion due to the miasma.
Eory heard scuffling.
“Help!” Terran yelled from the mist.
Pete dashed toward the voice, pulsing brightly.
Eory grabbed one of the arrows from his quiver.
Curse my shaking hands! He thought to himself.
There was a hiss from the mist.
A doppelganger launched itself at Eory, gripping his neck in its smoky black hands, lifting him off the ground.
Eory clawed at the creature's hands, trying to pry them off his neck--dropping his arrow.
The creature’s thumbs dug deeper into his neck, further depriving him of air.
He stopped struggling, wishing he would just die rather than having to endure this pain.
An arrow thudded into the doppelganger, sticking through its fiery heart. It released Eory, who crumpled to the earth.
Them helped him up once he had gained his breath.
The mist briefly lifted again.
Eliita and Terran were back-to-back, blocking blows from ten doppelgangers.
Pete pulsed again, blinding half of the doppelgangers.
With great effort and a grunt, Eliita swung her axe horizontally, cutting through the flaming hearts of two of the doppelgangers. Terran did the same to two others. Pete floated above the pair where he was safe as a more hectic battle ensued between the elf, dwarf, and the remaining eight doppelgangers.
Pete’s light was looking dim.
“He doesn’t have much more energy left to help them…” Them muttered worriedly.
The waif grabbed another arrow from his quiver, loosing it with brisk speed, and preventing one of the doppelgangers from swiping Eliita’s undefended side.
“Eory.” Them said urgently.
All Eory could hear for a moment was his own harsh breathing. He knocked an arrow to his bow, aiming it at a weaponless, rabid doppelganger. The weaponless doppelganger dug its sharp, black teeth into Eliita’s hand, eliciting a howl of pain from her as it ripped a patch of her skin off.
Eory pulled the string taut, loosing his arrow.
It missed by an inch due to his jittery hands.
Them launched three more arrows that met their mark in the time it took for Eory to loose another of his own, which missed again. One of Them’s arrows had jutted through the heart of the doppelganger who tore a piece of Eliita’s skin off, making it disappear.
Eory felt sick to his stomach at seeing the sight of the dwarf’s bloody hand, shuddering in pain.
“Eliita!” Terran cried, recognizing the danger she was in.
Eliita growled in pain, clenching her teeth. Her bloodied hand, which had momentarily let go of her heavy axe, now gripped it just in time to block a blow from one of the remaining doppelgangers.
Spurred on by his lover being in danger, Terran fought like a beast. He pummeled his sword the spear of the doppelganger in front of him over and over again until the doppelganger lost its grip on its weapon.
A different doppelganger approached Terran’s exposed right flank where Them could not get a clear shot.
Terran gripped the arm of the doppelganger who intended to slam its sword into his exposed side with his free hand while simultaneously slaying the disarmed one with his sword hand. Terran twisted the arm of the other doppelganger—pulling it towards him--and running it through in one fluid motion.
Them fired another arrow at the heart of a doppelganger who would have slain the wounded Eliita, who was just barely blocking blows from the final doppelganger.
The final doppelganger knocked Eliita’s axe out of her hands.
The dwarf shook with fear as the doppelganger poised to strike its final blow against her. Terran rotated around to the creature’s back, sticking his damp blade through the creatures back. 
The creature vanished.
Eliita breathed a shuddering breath, embracing Terran fearfully. Terran stroked her hair, calming her down as she was unable to help her fearful sobs. Similar to how she had done for him earlier, the elf tore a piece of his tunic off and wrapped it around Eliita’s bleeding hand. “We need to get her home as soon as possible.” Terran muttered.
Eory fell to his knees as the red mist descended again, coating them all in its haze. “I’m sorry Eliita; if I could only help my nerves, I would be of more use.”
The haze drifted past Eliita briefly so he could see her face. She looked at him with a compassionate frown. “It’s okay, Eory. We all know you’re young and new to battle. We don’t expect you to be a master bowman. Keep your chin up; your confidence is most likely what’s holding you back.”
Her comfort and her lack of judgement wrapped him in a warm blanket akin to when Kori used to comfort him. “You’re right. I’ll try not to let you down.”
Eliita give him an encouraging nod as she wiped her eyes with her undamaged hand.
The group continued onward. Mentally, Eory tried to think only of his successes, attempting to bolster his confidence. Just focus on overcoming your opponent. He repeated Them’s sentiment to himself.
The thick mist began to lift; in the distance, they could see the pool Pete spoke of.
“Almost there, Eliita, hold on.” Terran wrapped an arm around her shoulder as she shook involuntarily. Her attempts to stay her trembling, bleeding hand were fruitless.
Eory fought his guilt, trying to stay strong.
__
Blessedly, they were not attacked by any more doppelgangers as they approached the distant pool, which was getting closer with each step. The mist still assaulted them, making them feel detached, dizzy, and lightheaded, but the group was undeterred and resolute in accomplishing their goal, especially since Eliita had been injured on the way.
Their feet hurt and their legs ached when they had finally arrived at the pool. Within its reflection, the moon hung high.
Eory turned to his friends. “This is it! Thank you all so much for your help!”
They all returned his smile. Them said, “No worries, Eory. It was a pleasure.”
Eliita nodded. “Yes. And it’s no problem if your theory doesn’t end up proving true, Eory. We all agreed to this, and any chance, however small, is worth the risk if it means freeing the world from doppelgangers.”
With her reassurance, Eory was emboldened. “Alright, I need a knife.”
Them unsheathed one that was hanging from his belt, tossing it to Eory, who clumsily let it clatter to the ground.
Them couldn’t help a chuckle. Eory glanced at him, making a face.
His eyes widened.
They were drawn to the waif’s feet. Suddenly, his shadow looking very large. Two smoky hands gripped the waif’s ankles, pulling Them over.
A doppelganger rose from the waif’s shadow, a dagger in hand.
Neither Terran, Pete, nor Eliita were close enough to save him.
Eory felt as if his mind had been lit up by a surge of confidence—not understanding where it had come from—and gripped one of his arrows with firm fingers.
It felt as if his mind was not his own--like he suddenly had far more prowess with the bow then he could comprehend. Quicker than the doppelganger could thrust its dagger into Them’s heart, Eory determinedly fired the arrow he had dampened earlier into the doppelganger’s chest.
The creature faded from existence.
The whole group’s gaze fixated on Eory in astonishment. Them jumped to his feet and clapped. “Alright Eory! I knew you had it in you! You saved my life!”
Terran and Eliita, who were grinning, joined him in his clapping (Eliita wincing in pain from the effort of it). Pete joined in slowly after.
Eory’s hands, which had been shaking so uncontrollably while they traveled, suddenly felt stable.
Eory expelled a breath of astonishment of his own at his own capabilities. His eyes watered at the praise of his friends. He snatched up Them’s knife that had clattered to the ground earlier.
He wasn’t scared of opening a cut in his thumb and letting a few drops of his blood fall into the pool. After all, he had seen and survived far worse that night.
-Chapter Eighty-Eight: By Nature
Eory gently rocked Them’s knife against his thumb, opening a thin, red line in his skin. The fairy stretched his arm out over the pool, squeezing his cut between his thumb and forefinger. Little droplets of blood emerged from the cut, dripping into the pool below.
Please, please let me meet him… Eory prayed to the fairy goddesses silently.
Everyone in the group held their breath as they watched the blood drip into the water.
Plop…
Plop…
Plop…
Eory counted the drops as they cascaded into the clear pool of water.
One…
Two…
Three…
Eory’s forehead was dripping with sweat. Little beads of perspiration rolled off his face, falling into the pool and mixing with the droplets of blood.
Four...
Five…
Six…
Seven…
The sound of his blood hitting the water seemed to become louder and louder in his ears until it was deafening.
Thirteen…
Fourteen…
Fifteen…
Eory pulled his arm back quickly, letting no more than fifteen droplets of blood fall into the pool, as dictated by the fairytale, Giant Killer.
He could not wrench his gaze away from the water.
The ripples his blood made were mesmerizing.
He was no longer concerned about meeting the Red Moon Knight. He was too enthralled by the ripples the pool was making to be concerned about anything.
The ripples started small, and then grew bigger, obscuring the image of the moon.
The earth beneath his feet began shuddering.
The water, already dyed a light red from his blood, began turning a deeper red at the center. The deeper color of red spread to the edges of the water, turning the surface and depths of it bloody. The sound of his blood plopping into the water continued, despite the fact that his blood had long since stopped hitting the water.
Everything in the world began crumbling away—replaced with an infinite black vacuum of nothingness-- except for Eory and the red pool of water.
Eory was unafraid, however. All of his senses were dulled, including his sense of fear.
The groaning earth shuddered to a halt just as the last pieces of sky and earth crumbled away, leaving Eory alone in an entirely black space with the pool of water. Eory’s eyes were drawn to the bloody image of the full moon reflected in the water.
His senses became undulled, the sound of his blood plopping into the water vanished, the ripples in the pool calmed.
There was peace for a moment, but only a moment.
The rippling started up again, but this time, it was far more violent. The image of the moon became distorted beyond belief.
The ripples formed a red helmet around the moon, followed by a black, vacuous maw below the helmet. A thin neck rippled to life underneath the head of the moon, followed by a red-armored torso.
Eory stood as still as a statue, unable to shake the supernatural horror that was unfolding before him.
He felt cold, heavy, armored fingers gripping him above his elbows.
He spun around, coming face-to-face with the infinite black maw of the Red Moon Knight. Eory backed away from the creature slowly, going ice-cold with horror.
The creature approached him even as he backed away. Their footsteps made no noise.
With each step, the knight grew taller. First six-feet, then seven, then eight, then nine…
Eory stopped backing away, remembering his surge of confidence earlier.
He took a deep breath. I decided to meet him for a reason. A good reason.
When he stopped backing away, the infinite maw of the knight curved upward in a smile.
“Are you the Red Moon Knight?” Eory asked.
The two stood still and silent as if they were a painted picture.
The deep, lyrical laughing of the knight reverberated within the seemingly measureless space three times, growing in volume with each successive echo. It became so loud that it made Eory’s ears bleed.
“I think you know who I am.” The voice was undistorted and strong.
Eory swallowed. “So you’re real, then?”
“Can you not see me before you? You have eyes, haven’t you?” The knight answered.
The foremost question Eory wanted to ask was whether the knight could dispel the doppelgangers, but he thought it would be impolite to go right to that question before anything else.
It might be important to get him to like me… Eory didn’t know how to be likable, as he had told his friends before, but if there was a time to try to be likable, now was it.
Them had given him some advice on being likable earlier that night.
“Them, I just don’t understand how you’re so charismatic and likable. You just made a friend out of everyone at that table… I wish I could be like you.” Eory had lamented.
Them had shaken his head with a snort. “The problem with you, Eory, is that you keep wishing to be other people. You can’t be someone else. You have reach deep down within yourself and find what it is about you that’s so likable. I think the reason why that’s so hard for you is because…”
Eory had been hanging on his every word, as he was desperate to be loved and liked. “Because…?”
“Because I get the feeling you don’t like yourself very much. Taylor… may have been the same way.” Them had murmured sadly.
Eory couldn’t deny it. “What is it that… You find likable about me?”
Them had grinned. “Well, you’re a great listener, you’re very kind—looking for ways to help people who have nothing but disdain for you—and you’re trusting and naïve to a fault.”
Eory snapped back to reality, digging down deep and finding the part of himself that Them liked; the part that Kori worked to hard to cultivate and reinforce.
His kindness.
“Have you been in that pool all this time since your encounter with the dwarven prince?” Eory asked.
“Yes.” The Red Moon Knight said without elaboration.
Eory looked at his feet, finding genuine compassion for the ugly creature before him. “It must have been lonely…”
The Red Moon Knight said nothing for a time, and then, lyrical laughter erupted from him again. “Lonely? I don’t know the meaning of the word.”
Eory smiled at him warmly. “Then I’m glad for you. Loneliness is the thing I have been most familiar with for most of my life…. It’s a cold, empty feeling that makes your thoughts turn sour.”
The knight’s smile widened. “Your blood tasted good, fairy prince. There’s something deliciously sweet about it, and yet there’s a horribly sour aftertaste. It informed me who you are. You are sickeningly sweet, and yet there are ugly, sour thoughts swirling around in your head. I must admit, I am quite charmed by your concern over whether I was lonely. You do know that I am a monster, do you not?”
The creature’s heavy armor reminded him of Pollyanna, and this reminder of a woman who he had deep feelings for made him want to befriend the monster before him even more.
He approached the Red Moon Knight, whose maw became pursed with confusion.
Eory strode confidently with his chin up, closing the space between him and the knight quickly. Eory reached out with a shaking hand, grabbing the Red Moon Knight’s armored one in his. “Even monsters get lonely.” The fairy whispered.
The Red Moon Knight smiled wryly, tilting his armored head to look at the fairy’s thin, gentle hand. “I suppose you would know. We are the same sort, after all. There’s a monster in you, just waiting to get out, fairy prince.” The Red Moon Knight paused. “I am impressed by your bravery. You know I could crush your delicate, unworn hands in mine easily, don’t you?”
Eory looked at the knight determinedly. “Then do it, if you truly are a monster.”
The knight lifted Eory’s hand. “If I crush your lovely hands, I’m afraid they will be of no use to me…” the knight’s voice slithered into his ear, dripping with greed.
“Tell me what you really are. Even if you are a monster, you were not born one.” Eory let the knight raise his pale hand to his maw. The fairy could tell that the knight wanted nothing more than to eat it.
“I am the infinite pit of mortal desires; always hungry and never satisfied. I feast upon unfulfilled mortal dreams, and I become more powerful each time I do. I can no longer swallow them up freely as I did during the Red Moon Night, however. I have been bound inside this mortal vessel that can barely contain me, and this flesh has long required being summoned by a suitable mortal in order to eat.” The Red Moon Knight said.
“So you’re a captive, too, then…” Eory mused. “Who bound you to this flesh? Why is it that only royalty can summon you?”
The Red Moon Knight ignored his question. “Are you ever going to get around to asking me why you have summoned me?”
The armored hand clenched down on Eory’s bare one, trembling with anticipation.
All Eory could think about was the dwarf prince from the fairy tale and his grisly fate.
Eory gulped, feeling the warmth leaving his body. “It’s rude to ask someone I haven’t met before to do what I’m thinking of asking him to do. I don’t want you to feel you have to do it if you don’t want to.”
The armored knight seemed genuinely confounded and amused by Eory. “What’s your game, fairy? Are you intending to befriend a creature who eats mortals because he can’t otherwise feel full? I am an evil creature by nature; nothing can change my heart, least of all your friendship. I will demand of you what I wish to demand of you, and you will either accept or you will spend your life rotting in the Iron Fortress. Your friendship will not sway me.”
Eory wondered how the creature knew so much. Had it already looked into his heart and seen all that was there?
Eory murmured solemnly, “I am an evil creature by nature as well. I am an Arrozan, after all. However, I am willing myself to change, and I’ve made friends who are trying to help me change. I’m sure you could change if you wanted to. If people are willing to be my friend, I’m willing to be yours.”
Eory liked hugs. He wondered if the knight liked them, too. He hugged him, putting himself completely at the creature’s mercy.
The knight was frothing at the mouth, his armored gloves shook, barely able to keep from eating the fairy who he knew would be one of the tastiest mortals he had ever swallowed. The knight laughed at his own misery. “I will be your friend if you want me to be, fairy, though the title means nothing to me. Tell me what it is you want.”
Eory had a feeling that the knight already knew what he wanted. The fairy looked up at the creature, trying not to gaze into his mouth. “Can you eliminate the doppelgangers?”
The knight’s fingers dug into Eory’s back. “I can. The question is, what are you willing to pay me in return?”
Eory blinked sadly. “What do you require? My life?”
“For now, I will take your pinky finger as initial payment. This wish you want me to grant is no small feat. It will take me three years to build up the power to accomplish it. If you agree to my proposition, you will free me from my shackles, and I will be able to build up my power again.” The Red Moon Knight’s helmeted gaze was drawn to Eory’s pinky finger.
Eory stepped away from the knight, biting into his arm without thinking. “What does building up your power entail? You won’t hurt anyone, will you?”
The Red Moon Knight was silent for a moment, and then, “I knew you wouldn’t want me to hurt any intelligent creatures when I tasted your blood. The reason why it will take me so long to build up my power is because I will feast on animals instead of intelligent creatures, per your wish.”
Eory loved animals. He couldn’t abide the thought of killing hundreds of loyal, guileless dogs, even if it meant the world could be free of doppelgangers. “Can you promise me that the animals you eat will already be on the verge of death?”
“I can. If I break the rules of the agreement we come to, I will be shackled again, so you can rest assured that I will eat nothing but what you permit me to eat. It will take longer if I must only feed on those animals that are close to death, though.” The Red Moon Knight informed Eory.
Eory thought it sounded like a good deal, but even someone as naïve as he understood that there must be more of a catch to it. The creature he was making a deal with had killed thousands, after all, if he was, indeed, the Red Moon Knight.
“Is that it? I offer you my pinky and then you build up your power for a few years by eating dying animals?” Eory asked, his brow wrinkling with concern.
“No. I will take more of you when I return after three years.” The Red Moon Knight explained enigmatically.
Eory’s face turned paler than it already was. He whispered, “More of me?”
The Red Moon Knight was smirking with pleasure at Eory’s pallid face. “I will not kill you, rest assured, but… I can’t promise you that you will be entirely unharmed when we meet up again in three years. As I said, I will take more of you, but you will not die.”
Eory clenched his fists. “Tell me what you will take!” He yelled.
“No. You will take the deal as it stands, or we have no deal.” The Red Moon Knight told him firmly. His voice snaked its ways into Eory’s ear, hissing sweetly. “It is only you who will be harmed. I know how you wish for all your friends to respect and admire you. I know how much you wish everyone to see that you are a good man. Now is your chance to prove it.”
Eory, who had been avoiding looking at the hungry maw of the Red Moon Knight, now looked up with tearful eyes. “Just me and dying animals? You won’t hurt anyone else?”
The Red Moon Knight nodded, holding out a hand to Eory. “Think about it. In three years, the doppelgangers will be gone, and you will be looked upon as a hero. You will have proven yourself a good man through-and-through—a man who is willing to offer himself up in order to save others—isn’t that what you want?”
Eory’s face lit up at the prospect of finally being liked. “I...”
Eory didn’t know what the knight planned to take from him; perhaps it was a leg, or an arm, or an ear, or some other body part. All he knew was that it was a small price to pay for getting rid of the endless doppelgangers. Eory said confidently, “I’ll do it.”
The Red Moon Knight nodded, his black smile never leaving his face. “I knew you would—”
“But tell me this; were you the cause of the Red Moon Night?” Eory asked.
“I was.” The Red Moon Knight admitted. “Does that change anything?”
Eory shook his head, his eyes hooded with melancholy. “No. I was just wondering if you felt any remorse about killing all those people.”
“No. I told you, I am an evil creature by nature.” The Red Moon Knight reminded him.
Eory gave the knight a wobbly smile. “I think you underestimate yourself… I think you can change. I believe in you.”
Eory held out his pinky, offering it to the knight.
A horned tongue emerged from the knight’s mouth. He licked his lips. “We’ll meet again in three years, then. I will come to you, you need not come to me.”
Eory looked away as the knight approached on silent feet.
The fairy felt a row of sharp fangs digging into his pinky. He screamed as the knight jerked his head back, ripping off Eory’s pinky and sealing the deal.
Eory’s hand didn’t shake once.
Chapter Eighty-Nine: Time Passes
“What’s happening to him?” Eliita gasped fearfully as Eory collapsed and began convulsing next of the pool of water.
Terran dashed to his side, kneeling by him and trying to sit the fairy up. “Eory! Eory!” Terran called, gripping his shoulders and shaking him, attempting to wake him.
The fairy’s eyes rolled into the back of his head, showing only the rosy scleras of them.
Disturbed, Terran momentarily released Eory’s shoulders.
The fairy rolled from side to side, his chest jutting upward seemingly of its own accord.
“Do something Terran!” Eliita cried.
The elf overcame his dread at the fairy’s possessed eyes and grabbed his shoulders again. “Calm down Eory, calm down…”
Even though his shoulders were held still by Terran’s strong hands, the rest of the fairy still thrashed about uncontrollably.
Eory gasped for breath.
Terran’s eyes widened. “Breathe, Eory, breathe!”
Them knelt on Eory’s other side, placing his fingers on Eory’s neck. “His pulse is racing!” Terran couldn’t help his eyes watering. Suddenly, the fairy stopped moving, his eyes closed.
Eliita gasped, looking away with tears in her own eyes. Them kept his fingers on the fairy’s pulse.
Them let out a sigh of relief. “He’s still breathing.”
Terran shook him. “Eory, wake up!”
But the fairy did not stir.
Them placed a hand on the elf’s shoulder. “Let him rest.”
Terran’s forehead was wrinkled with worry, but he nodded reluctantly.
The four of them waited in silence, hoping the fairy would regain consciousness. Terran let Eory's head rest in his lap.
Minutes past.
The red mist thickened, making them all feel nauseated.
Terran glanced Pete’s way. “Pete, can you please scout out the route home? If it’s clear, I want you to take Eliita back as soon as possible.”
Pete nodded, zipping high into the air and shooting toward the Iron Fortress in a beam of golden light. Their hearts were pounding as their gazes remained fixed on the sleeping fairy’s face.
A hair-raising scream erupted from Eory.
His pinky finger was ripped off by an invisible force, leaving a bloody stump where it had been.
The faces of everyone in the group twisted in horror at the sight.
Eory’s eyes fluttered open.
Terran loosened his iron grip on the fairy’s shoulders. Eory sat up, wiping the sweat from his brow.
Eliita gasped. “Are you okay, Eory? What happened?”
Eory stared forward.
Terran patted Eory’s back. “Take your time…”
Eory murmured despondently, “I met the Red Moon Knight.”
His friends exchanged excited glances.
Eliita exclaimed, “That’s wonderful news, Eory!”
Terran looked at Eory’s missing finger, thinking that it was perhaps not wonderful news.
Eory closed his eyes, squeezing tears of stress out of the corners of them. “He said he would get rid of the doppelgangers… But he also said it would be a feat that would take three years to accomplish.” The group looked crestfallen; Eory most of all.
Them grinned in a moment, sweeping away the moody silence and clapping Eory on the back. “Three years with you goofs doesn’t sound too bad at all! I might even look forward to it.”
Terran smiled at Them, and then at Eory. “Them’s right, Eory. The years will fly by with you as a friend.”
Eliita nodded in agreement. “Three years is certainly better than a lifetime! You should be ecstatic, Eory!”
Eory looked at all his friends, his eyes glistening with appreciation. A smile came to his own lips; he realized that he had done well, and that he should be proud of himself for doing well.
Three more years with Terran, Eliita, and Them would, indeed, be years well spent.
“Tell us about your adventure, you gallivanting hero, you! What else happened when you met the Red Moon Knight?” Them asked eagerly.
Eory tapped his chin with his fingers--leaving a splotch of blood behind from his missing pinky finger as he did so--thinking about his encounter. “Well, he sealed our deal by eating my pinky finger, and he told me that when he returns in three years… He would ‘take more of me’, as well as getting rid of the doppelgangers. He also told me he would be building his power by only feasting upon dying animals, per my wishes.” Eory explained.
His friends’ faces all tensed with worry. “He would take something more from you…?” Eliita echoed with concern.
Eory nodded solemnly. “Yes. He wouldn’t specify what he would take. He just promised that it wouldn’t be my life.”
All of his friends breathed easier at that.
“I would say this was a trip well worth taking, then!” Them exclaimed.
“How about you tell us all about it on the way back to the Iron Fortress? I want to hear every detail.” Terran said in his own reserved, but excited, kind of way.
Eory smiled widely, overjoyed to have praise from Terran. “Okay…”
The group returned to the Iron Fortress without mishap. It was as if all the different gods they worshiped smiled upon them and made the path back to the building safe and secure.
They encountered no doppelgangers on the way back.
__
Very much, and yet very little, happened over the next three years.
Eory set to practicing sewing until he became masterful at it. Three months after he had visited the Red Moon Knight, he made gifts for dozens of the recruits; most of them were dolls of their favorite animals, others were pillows and quilts, made to help the recruits sleep better.
As Them had said three months before, the surprise gifts from Eory—which he placed in their quarters, leaving little notes about who they were from--served as ice breakers with many of the recruits who had forgiveness in their hearts of the fairy’s heritage. Others, who could not forgive him his heritage, still shot him glares and dismissed his attempts to be friendly with them.
The recruits who forgave him his heritage thanked Eory in the mess hall during dinner and breakfast time, and Eory managed to make friends out of dozens of them. At the end of each week for those three months, Terran would take to training all three of his friends with the sword. He gave the most time and attention to Eory, who needed help defending himself the most. Additionally, Maruka continued training Eory with the bow. In another month, Eory felt confident enough to join Them up on the battlements with his bow in hand.
He was a great shot due to his newfound confidence, although he still had a pounding heart and cloying anxiety on the battlefield.
He became inseparable with Terran, Them, Eliita… And especially Maruka. Eory fell in love with Maruka, although it was different than the love he had for Pollyanna.
It felt safer and more comforting, and yet far less electrifying. The extreme desire Eory had to sleep with Maruka had faded gradually. He found that he loved the Selkie’s company, but that he didn’t necessarily want to sleep with him.
But it wasn’t just his own reservations that kept him from sleeping with Maruka.
He couldn’t deny that he still wanted Pollyanna physically far more than he wanted Maruka. She was maddening, and he had a feeling she would always be his poison. Pollyanna was close by, but she would no longer even spare him a passing glance. It made him want her and miss her all-the-more.
While he sewed pillows and dolls for the recruits, he practiced making a bear for Pollyanna over and over again, trying to make it as perfect as possible so she would at least accept his friendship, even if she would no longer guard him.
Sometimes, she would have dinner or breakfast with Them, and the waif seemed to be able to get a smile and a laugh out of her from time-to-time, but when Eory tried to join them, she would leave.
At first, she glared at Eory when she saw him coming and would quickly leave the area. Eventually, she would just look despondent, but would still do the same thing.
When she was alone—which was nearly all of the time--she looked contemplative. Eory hoped she was rethinking her loyalty and love for his ancestors… And he was hoping that she was thinking of forgiving him for loving Maruka.
A year passed, and she was still actively avoiding Eory and pretending he didn’t exist. Eory, meanwhile, still toiled at making her the perfect bear, desperate to win her friendship back. And then another half-a-year passed, and still, she would not look his way.
More than anything else in his life, it annoyed him most and made him the most miserable.
During that time, he only became closer with Maruka. He felt like he could tell the selkie his deepest fears and most profound dreams, and so he did. Maruka became more and more comfortable with him, too.
But one day, during this year-and-a-half, after the selkie had given him his seal skin, Maruka just up and disappeared, never to be seen again for the upcoming year-and-a-half.
Eory was heartbroken about it.
And the time when the Red Moon Knight would return drew closer and closer…
Chapter Ninety: Ceasing Spiritually
After having her fill of the charred meat, Kori stood up—her gaze meeting that of Rynat’s—and clenched her fists with determination.
She strode toward the old dragon with her head held high, attempting to keep her confidence buoyant. The old dragon was surrounded by dozens of other dragons, dwarfed by them by comparison, but still much larger than Kori could ever hope to be.
Earlier, she had asked her companions to let her see him by herself despite their protests. Laurence often asked if he could come to one of her sessions with a criminal, and when he came, she found that she would lose rapport with the criminal and would have to work twice as hard to rebuild it in the following session. She didn’t want anything or anyone to jeopardize her progress toward friendship with the dragon.
She reached out with invisible tendrils of soothing magic toward the brown dragon. The brown dragon, who had been curled up in a ball and scowling angrily, lifted his head with a reflective frown as Kori’s magic touched him.
Kori breathed deeply, walking past and ignoring the other dragons who guffawed at her tiny size. Eventually, she came to sit next to Rynat. The old dragon gazed at her with a callous face. “I see they sneer at you the same way they do me.” Rynat rumbled plaintively. “What do you want from me, Soft One?”
Kori hugged her knees, painfully aware of the dozens of hungry dragon eyes upon her. “Oh, perhaps I just want to spend my last hours with someone closer to my age.”
Rynat huffed with laughter. “You are all little hatchlings compared to me. If you are older than your companions, then they must have only just hatched.”
Kori giggled. “They’re foolish hatchlings to me, too.. You see the half-elf, half-human over there?”
Rynat turned his gaze toward Hew. “I do.”
“I was on a very important mission before I was abducted by him. He wants his people to have their own land within Maribel, and he thought the best way to get it was to ransom me to the king. What he didn’t realize—despite the fact that I told him--was that Maribel will no longer belong to humans if I don’t get that elf over there, Francis, back to his queen, as it would be grounds for war. You see, the king of Maribel is an even bigger fool than Hew; he thought it would be a good idea to capture and execute Francis--the Royal Messenger--and go to war with the elven queen.” Kori groaned melodramatically. “And the elf, Francis, is such a headache in his own right! He may not be making stupid political decisions or ridiculous ransoms, but he complains more than any person I have ever known in my entire life!”
Kori intensified her magic, making the old dragon relax even more.
Rynat’s toothy mouth turned upwards in a scaly grin. “I must say, you deal with fools that are perhaps worse than the ones I deal with… I don’t envy you, Small One.”
Kori saw an opening, and she took it. “What kind of fools do you deal with?”
“Oh, my daughter for one… And that wretched fairy she has attached herself to.” Rynat revealed mournfully. “This whole tribe has lost its mind. No Soft Flesh is worthy of being a dragon, least of all that one.”
Kori gave the dragon a moment to process his own emotions—of which he had few compared to two-legged creatures—and then probed for more information. “I don’t understand. What is it about Casamir—or other two-legged creatures for that matter—that you find unworthy of being a dragon?”
The old dragon lowered his head to the floor with a thud, making dirt fly into Kori’s face as he did so. His giant, scaled, toothy face was just inches away from her. His bright, blue eyes uneased her. “You Soft Fleshes will bring about the end of our culture, even if you are able to preserve our species. I would rather us die a noble species than have us be dragged down--wingless and witless--into the muck with you farsighted fools. Your peoples will always fight with each other—over land, over gold, over petty past instances that should have been forgotten long ago—but we dragons remain strong because of our sense of identity and community is firm and true. We never war amongst ourselves, and we are always focused on the present, not the future or the past. Adopting two-legged creatures into our community will tear it apart until all we dragons cease to exist spiritually, even if we continue to exist physically.”
Kori was empathetic to the dragon’s views. Although Kori was happy living as a Maribelan with human ideals, she felt as if she were practically no longer a waif at all. Losing that identity was difficult for her, even if she didn’t have the most pleasant memories from being a waif. “I see… But what about Casamir? What is it about him that you find so repulsive?”
The dragon growled, baring his sharp teeth. “That boy… He’s disrespectful, he does not adhere to our values, and he will never be good enough for my daughter. He’s always insulting me, even though he does not use words to do so. He does not walk on four legs, he will not eat food raw, and he brings up past instances and future consequences constantly. It’s taken him twenty-two years just to get up the guts to follow through with the ritual of becoming a dragon—a ritual that should take place when a dragon turns twelve—he is an embarrassment.”
Kori wondered if it was a good idea for her to agree with him or if that would simply clue him in that she intended to use him. She chose her words carefully. “I understand. He wants to take something that he has not earned—something that you are understandably protective of. How else has he been disrespectful to you?”
The dragon’s eyes narrowed furiously. It was as if they breathed fire as well as his mouth. “The Shaman found that whelp—that impostor—wandering around far from home one day. He was a pale-skinned, eight-year-old pup then, and even I admit that I thought he was cute enough to keep as a pet, but the Shaman… He intended to adopt him into our tribe as a true dragon. I immediately protested, but no other dragons agreed with me. They’re all cowards who are afraid of an honorable demise. Because I was forced to accept him into the tribe due to my respect for the Shaman, I tried to teach the boy how to be a dragon. I tried to teach him to walk on four legs instead of two. I tried to get him to stop…” Kori didn’t think it was possible for a dragon to make a face of disgust, but Rynat managed it. “Crying. Dragons do not cry. I tried to keep him focused on the present instead of the past and future. I tried to get him to participate in hunting and looting, but he would have none of it. 
“At every turn, he defied me. He stuck his tongue out at me and walked on two legs instead of four. He cried pathetically whenever he thought of his family. He constantly worried about whether we would eat him, and he would participate in none of our customs. He would not hunt because he was too cowardly, and he would not loot gold because he saw no point in it. He wouldn’t even gather around for story time. At every turn, he defied my wishes in the most impudent way possible, causing laughter from the rest of our proud race who has forgotten themselves.”
Kori kept a neutral look on her face. “That does sound very disrespectful. Youth should always value their elders. As I told you before, I get very little respect from youth as well.”
The old dragon suddenly slammed his claw into the dirt-floor cave, making Kori jump. “It isn’t just the disrespect, Soft One! It is the fact that he flirted so boldly with my daughter, while disrespecting me and disregarding our ways! He taught her to disrespect me as well, and works to make her into a soft, two-legged fool!” The dragon’s face twitched with rage. “The two of them kiss like two-legs do! That boy will be the end of our culture!”
“I don’t understand it when you say that Casamir can preserve your species. I don’t think that dragons and fairies can—”
“They will make a spiritual child.” The old dragon informed her.
Kori shook her head, not following. “A spiritual child?”
Rynat chortled smoky laughter through his nostrils. “I sometimes forget how disconnected you doughy two-legs are from your spirituality. I suppose you wouldn’t know how to reach each other on such a deep level. In special cases, when two people are extremely close and connected, they can touch each other’s minds and make a spiritual child.”
Kori still didn’t follow. Her face was lined with confusion. “Has something like that ever happened before?”
“Once, hundreds of years ago.” Rynat replied shortly.
Kori wasn’t sure she believed him. Nonetheless, she was curious. “But what about the other female dragons in your tribe? Can’t they give birth? Why are you reliant on Casamir?”
“They are infertile.” Rynat murmured sadly. “They have been for a long time.”
Kori absently put a hand on her stomach, feeling a dull emptiness. She could relate to that. “I see…”
“The Shaman says that Casamir is deeply spiritual—spiritual enough and deeply in love enough to make a child with my daughter.” Rynat sighed. “That’s the reason why he adopted him as a dragon—so he could save our species.”
The pair went quiet for a moment, with Kori exerting even more of her magic to keep the dragon calm and malleable. It was like trying to wrap a web around an elephant--time consuming and effortful.
Rynat grumbled lowly, “By the way, I know what you’re doing, waif.”
Kori immediately began sweating. Her first instinct was to bolt, but she stayed put. If the dragon was going to kill her, she couldn’t escape even if she wanted to.
The dragon whispered as well as a dragon possibly could. “You want me to help you escape, don’t you?”
Kori snorted, grinning. “Of course not. Why would I ever expect that of you?”
“You have nothing to lose, and you realized that I was your best bet. I must admit, Small One, you are the most soothing and friendly creature I have ever met. I could feel you wrapping me in warm tendrils of magic, and I knew you were manipulating me this whole time, and yet I couldn’t help but let myself open up to you. You are very charming. You seem to know just what to say and how to say it.” Rynat climbed onto his four legs, moving his snout closer to Kori.
She couldn’t help but notice that he was salivating.
She began backing away.
The dragon snorted like a horse, hot air being expelled from his nostrils as he kept pushing her back and back until she finally stood her ground—something she was unused to doing. She whispered, “If you’re going to eat me, then eat me. However, I have a feeling that you don’t want your daughter to be mated to Casamir. She may come to share his values—his two-legged values—even more than she does now. If you let us go, they will not be mated.”
Rynat smirked at how gutsy the waif was. He saw no fear in her eyes. He sighed. “They will be mated regardless. Even if I let you go, the impudent boy will simply fetch and devour each race he needs again, and I would be guilty of betraying my people. I am not a traitor.”
Kori had to think fast to convince him. “What if one of us killed him?” Kori asked.
The dragon looked surprised at this. She expected him to laugh, but instead, his face was kept neutral. He waited for her to elaborate. Kori whispered, “If we killed him, it would stop the destruction of your culture. Would you promise to help us escape if we did that?”
The dragon lowered himself onto his belly, his eyes narrowing. He whispered, “How would you propose to kill him? The boy is a terror in battle.”
Kori breathed deeply. “I have magic of my own and some incredibly talented warriors over there. I think we could manage it.”
“It would have to be only one of you. The rest of you would need to sneak away while he is distracted by someone who is willing to stay behind.” Rynat said. “I, of course, have to be present during the fight to avoid suspicion.”
Rynat looked both ways. “The Shaman was adamant that we lower the standards for Casamir to become a dragon. For real dragons, the ceremony is a hunt; the dragon is meant to hunt down and fight each of the different races of Yharos in a wide area. For Casamir, the Shaman decided to make it so that he doesn’t have to hunt or battle anyone; he merely has to devour their hearts while they are bound. I will convince him to heighten the standards to an acceptable degree—by battling each of you in a one-on-one duel. I know he will agree to it. That way, you can make good on your promise, Small One. While he is distracted by his first opponent, the rest of you will sneak away and be carried away on the back of one of my confidants. Choose the best warrior among you to stay, or none of you will escape.”
Kori was elated, but devastated by this news. No matter what, one of them was going to die, and she knew that no one else in her group would be willing to make this sacrifice but her.
“Do we have a deal, waif?” The dragon asked. “We can meet again later tonight to discuss it more.”
Kori swallowed bitterly. “We have a deal.” Was all she said, brushing by the dragon with tears in her eyes. “When we meet later, you better have an assurance ready that you will help those of us who are remaining to escape.” Kori said as she walked away.
Chapter Ninety-One: The Arrozan Ghost
Kori returned to her friends, still wiping tears from her eyes and just wishing that she could stop them from coming. She wanted to appear strong in front of her comrades, and her tears weren’t helping her case.
Francis shot to his feet when he saw her tears. “What happened?”
“Did he try to eat you, Kori?” Terrance questioned in concern.
Kori shook her head, still sniffling. She motioned for her companions to gather around so she could whisper to them without any of the dragons hearing. They all came to stand just inches away from her.
“No matter what, one of us is going to die.” Kori’s voice was wobbly at the beginning of the sentence but became steady towards the end.
The faces of everyone around her—aside from the vacant face of Hew—became joyous and frightful all at once.
Terrance knelt before her. “I would gladly lay down my life for you, My Lady. Whatever sacrifice must be made, I will make it.”
Kori was caught by surprise. She shook her head hastily. “No, Terrance, I couldn’t allow that. I will be the one to do it.” Francis’ face lit up with astonishment at her statement. His mouth parted in surprise; his eyes were wide.
He looked at her like she was something greater than mortal.
“Why should any of us need to die?” Hew, the voice of reason, cut in. “What did you discuss with the dragon?”
Kori took a deep breath. “We struck a bargain. He told me that if one of us could kill Casamir, he would help us escape. He said that he would speak to the Shaman—convince him to make Casamir fight each of us one-on-one—and while the first of us fights Casamir, the rest of us will sneak away from the battle and a dragon who is sympathetic to Rynat’s views will fly us away from the mountain. Me and Rynat are going to meet again later tonight; he plans to provide me with proof that he will do everything in his power to make sure the rest of us get away. I’m willing to be the one who goes first against Casamir.”
The flabbergasted look on Francis’ face had not gone away. He looked like he wanted to say something—Kori even thought that he might have wanted to say that he would be the one to stay behind—but no words escaped his mouth.
“No!” Terrance yelled too loudly for Kori’s tastes.
“Shh!” Kori replied. “Do you want everyone to hear us?”
Terrance shook his head, his chin trembling with tears. “No. But it makes no sense for you to sacrifice yourself, Kori. Who will save Maribel if not you?”
Kori took the human’s hand in her own, wrapping him in tendrils of her comforting magic. “You will, of course. You’ll take Francis to the queen for me, won’t you? You’ll tell her that nothing befell him and that he was merely enjoying the sights of Maribel—that’s what took him so long to return.”
Terrance shook his head again, but before he could say anything else, Hew interjected, “Both of you shut up. I will do it. I’m the best warrior here, and Kori…”
Hew gave her a nod of respect. “I trust Kori will save Maribel from that harlot elf queen. However, I need her promise on something else.”
Hew removed a feathered earring from his ear and handed it to Kori. “Give this to my wife and promise me that once you have resolved the issues with the elven queen, you will bargain with your king to give my people a dukedom—a land of our own.”
Kori clenched the earring in her fist, more tears running down her cheeks. Of all the people around her, she had wished he would be the one to offer to sacrifice himself the most, and yet she found foolish words fumbling out of her mouth, saying the opposite. “You don’t have to do this, Hew… I’m willing to do it—”
Hew enclosed his big hands over her small ones. “Kori, you are a brave woman. I never thought I would say this about any woman, but if there’s someone who should sit on the throne, it’s you. You’re kind and compassionate to a fault. I called your kindness a weakness before, but I was wrong. It’s your greatest strength. Terrance is right; you have the greatest chance of any of us to create meaningful changes in this world. Do you promise me that you will give my people land in Maribel?”
Kori shut her teary eyes. She sobbed, and then she nodded. “I promise I will do my utmost to convince the king to give you your own land. Thank you for your sacrifice.”
Hew gave her a good smile—not a smirk or a snide grin—but a genuine and kind smile. “Good. And you will protect her, won’t you, Terrance?”
Terrance nodded, bowing his head in appreciation of the elf-human’s bravery.
__
The four companions sat together around a fire, watching dragons come and go throughout the day and steering clear of them as best they could. They had little else to do but talk to each other and tell each other of past memories and experiences, both happy and sad.
Everyone but Francis, who was bizarrely silent.
“I must say,” Hew murmured. “Maribel certainly has been better under the rule of Laurence than that of Herin, at least. Did you know the Arrozan family used to capture my people and… Set them free in the woods nearby Castle Maribel? They made a game out of hunting them down... At least now they only kill us when they accidentally stumble upon us rather than actively seeking us out for sport.”
Kori covered her mouth in horror. “That’s awful! I never knew that!”
Hew shrugged. “I’m sure you were busy enduring your own horrors from the Arrozan Royal Family.”
Kori did remember starving at times in Maribel, taxed as she was by the Arrozan Royal Family’s whims, and oftentimes worked to the bone, but she had never been hunted by them. “True, but I might be able to safely say that none of us have had to endure horrors as cruel as yours.”
Hew chuckled. “Probably not.”
Francis lifted his face at that, his eyes catching the orange light of the fire. It looked like he wanted to chime in, but he got cold feet again.
Kori smiled at the elf. “You’re being uncharacteristically quiet, Francis.”
He shrugged, letting out a violent sneeze, and smiling awkwardly. “Just listening to you savages talk. Very entertaining stuff.”
Hew and Terrance rolled their eyes. “As annoying as you are, Francis, I’m glad to see you looking better.” Terrance said.
Francis returned his smile. “I’m glad to be feeling better. After being dragged about by you savages through the cold rain, being treated worse than a slave, it’s good to have meat in my belly and a warm place to sleep. Now if only I could have somewhere to bathe…”
Terrance laughed, relaxing with a stretch of his arms and a yawn. He looked at the opening of the cave. A purple dusk was settling upon the land; thunder was ringing in the sky. “Finally, the sun is starting to set! More lively conversation ought to pass the time.” Terrance looked at his companions, wondering what they would think of this next bit of information he was going to share with them. “Did you know I used to be King Herin’s cupbearer when I was a child? He trusted me quite a bit, and I was trained to be loyal to him to a fault. I knew about some ugly secrets…”
Hew and Kori raised their eyebrows.
“I’m not sure whether I want to hear it or not…” Kori said with an uncomfortable grin.
Terrance laughed. “I could tell you some hair-raising things… But I’ll tell you one of the things that was… simply odd. I don’t want any of you to lose your appetites; I won’t tell you about the absolute worst things they’ve done, but there was this one incident… The king and queen invited their nephew from a nearby dukedom over to their castle for the day—the king told me that they were thinking of wedding their nephew to their daughter at the time, but…”
Kori raised an eyebrow. “Daughter? The king and queen had no daughter.”
Terrance cocked his head to the side. “You didn’t know that their youngest son was originally a girl?”
Kori’s heart was pounding. She felt out-of-sorts. Because she was somewhat in denial, she repeated, “The king and queen had no daughter.”
Terrance’s smile slowly turned into a frown. “I had forgotten you worked so closely with the youngest Arrozan child, Kori. He never told you that he used to be a girl? Fairies try to keep that ability of theirs hidden, but I would have thought that he would have told you about it since he had known you for so long.”
Hew and Francis both looked stunned.
“You’re kidding, aren’t you, Terrance? There’s no way a creature could change sexes like that.” Francis insisted uncomfortably, holding fast to his own secret.
Terrance shrugged as he looked at Kori’s stunned, heartbroken face. He decided to change the subject as quickly as possible. “You can believe me or not. I have no proof. Doesn’t matter for the story I’m trying to tell, anyway. Regardless, the king and queen wanted to wed their princess to her cousin. They had their nephew over for a day. I saw him multiple times —piercing green eyes, traditionally blonde hair like most of the inbred royal family, and skin as white as snow—playing with the young princess. He looked for all the world like a ghost. The odd thing was that he had bruises all over his skin, and I swear to you, I saw black magic… Devouring his eyes and seeping out of his skin. He spoke to the young princess in hushed whispers, saying that he was going to disappear, and that he would take her with him when he did. The odd thing was that… He did disappear the next day, never to be seen again. I swear, he truly was a ghost.”
Kori’s stunned and devastated expression became softer and contemplative. “Terrance… that boy who disappeared was Casamir. I didn’t have a chance to tell you all before, but Casamir is an Arrozan, and he told me that he was the Arrozan who Disappeared." Kori paused and then murmured, "He had bruises on him…” Kori whispered woodenly and compassionately.
Her companions were surprised. "He's the Missing Arrozan?" Terrance replied.
Kori nodded. 
They all let that sink in for a moment.
Kori's gaze, which had been fixed on the orange fire, now met Terrance’s eyes curiously. “What was the princess’ name?”
Terrance immediately responded, “Taylor.”
Kori nodded absently.
This revelation about Eory made her feel like she had failed him all-the-more. How could she have lived with him for so long and not have known? It could have been that Terrance was misremembering, or that he had misunderstood, but she doubted he could forget or misunderstand something so out-of-the-ordinary.
Because she loved Eory and loved talking about him, she wanted more information. She smiled lightly. “Can you… Tell me more about Taylor?”
Terrance saw the love she had in her heart for him, and it warmed the knight’s own heart. He gave her a sunny smile. “Of course.”
Terrance told her about the reason King Herin decided to make his daughter a son instead, and then he told her about what Taylor was like.
Even though the king made Taylor into a boy with the intention of making her bolder and braver, it sounded like it hadn’t worked at all.
Taylor sounded like she was exactly like Eory.
__
As the moon rose higher and higher in the sky, more and more dragons left the cave to go sleep out under the stars. Eventually, everyone in Kori’s group fell asleep around the fire but her.
Her thoughts were racing in anticipation of the conversation she would have with Rynat, but they were also racing with the idea that Eory used to be a girl and she never knew. Her wicked thoughts prevented her from sleeping. She opened her eyes after an hour of closing them, dusting off her crunchy clothes and standing up.
She hugged her stomach for warmth and began walking towards the opening of the cave—intending to look at the stars--when her attention was diverted to Rynat, sitting on his haunches, and beckoning her over with a cold stare. All of the other dragons around him were asleep.
She approached him fearfully, hoping he would not eat her or give her plans of escape away to his fellow dragons.
Her shoes scuffed the entire way as she walked toward the dragon—the only noise in the cramped cavern—until the sound came to a halt when she did as she stopped in front of the dragon. Kori whispered, “Is everything set?”
Rynat nodded. “The Shaman has agreed to making Casamir fight one-on-one with all of you. This is what will happen; while the first of you fights with Casamir, the rest of you will jump out of the mouth of the cave; my confidant will be hovering below the lip of the cave and will catch you. He will then fly you to wherever you wish, and we will see no more of each other. As for assurances, I will bound my promise to you in magic, and if I stray from the promise, the magic will kill me.”
Kori was surprised. “Such magic exists?”
“It does. It is a magic only known to us dragons, however—only known to those who are serious about their word, unlike you soft-heads--do we have a deal?” Rynat whispered.
Kori clasped her hands together in front of her heart, thinking a silent prayer for Hew. This deal was their best and only hope; she had to agree to it. She nodded. “Deal. I have to ask, though… What if Hew doesn’t manage to kill Casamir?”
Rynat murmured wryly, “If the best of you cannot defeat Casamir, I doubt any of you can. If you don’t kill Casamir, I would still rather the rest of you escape than risk him killing you all and becoming a full dragon. Either way, it’s a win for me.” Rynat paused and then said, “So, your elf-human friend will be the one sacrificing himself, then?”
Kori tried not to cry. She just bobbed her heard up and down, swallowing a lump in her throat.
Rynat gave her a piteous look. “I must say, Little Waif. I am quite charmed by you, indeed. You, yourself told me that the elf-human was a fool, and yet you mourn him anyway. Hew will have three days to hone his skills with a blade until Casamir arrives. Make sure he utilizes that time well.”
Kori had nothing to say to that. She was too devastated by Hew’s upcoming fate to respond.
Rynat gave Kori a moment to take a deep breath, and then he said, “Are you ready? I will make my promise to you again, and I will bound the words with lethal magic that will kill me if I go back on my word.”
“I’m ready.” Kori said unshakably.
-Chapter Ninety-Two: Sacred Vessel
Kori returned to the campfire after speaking with Rynat, intending to sleep so she could tell her friends the good and bad news in the morning. She sniffled some more—her eyes glistening with tears--both from stress and from Hew’s heroic, voluntary sacrifice. She lowered herself to a sitting position beside the flickering fire, pressing her cheek into her knee that was pulled up to her chest.
Eventually, a hand clasped her shoulder.
She gasped, turning around.
She let out a sigh. “It’s just you, Francis.”
He winked at her, eliciting a blush from Kori.
“You know I can’t stand the sound of a beautiful woman crying.” The elf said.
Kori snorted. “Please, you don’t think I’m beautiful.”
Francis sat next to her, grinning at her red cheeks but not commenting on them. “But I do think you’re beautiful. True, you have the skin of a wrinkled prune, but… Your hair is soft and vibrant…”
He ran a hand through it, expecting Kori to smack it away, but she giggled, making his heart race.
“Your eyes absolutely glow with honesty, and they’re the most delightful shade of amber. They look like little candies. It’s a shame that your tears are clouding their brilliant color right now.” Francis’ voice was laced with enthusiasm and desire, a desire that felt true and honest—something she never thought she would experience again.
His face moved toward her cheek, intending to kiss it.
Kori breathed heavily and nervously, her heart thudding in her ears.
She pulled away from the elf when his lips were just two inches away. “Don’t toy with my feelings. I’ve had enough of that from Laurence.”
Francis made a face, redoubling his efforts—sweeping strands of red hair out of her face. “Who’s toying?” Kori let him pet her hair for a moment, eventually leaning her cheek into his hand, still breathing heavily. She closed her eyes.
An intimate moment passed between them—a moment that was seared into their very souls. Kori felt both his hands cup her cheeks.
In a moment, she could feel his lips on hers. She let him kiss her for a time, jolts of pleasure coursing through her body. She thought it couldn’t hurt to indulge in this moment, especially because she might very soon be dead. She wanted nothing more than him to take things further, but she pulled away from him before he could.
She opened her eyes and jerked her face away from him.
She narrowed her eyes, mistrustful of his motives. “You’ve been awfully quiet tonight.”
Francis chuckled and ignored her statement. “What’s with you? Tonight might be one of your last chance to…” Francis leaned in again, but Kori stood up, walking away from him with her back facing him.
“I don’t care that we might all die soon. I won’t share my body—the most precious thing I have—with just anyone.” Kori told him firmly. “Especially with all these people and dragons around.”
Francis tapped his fingers against the dirt floor petulantly. “Sex isn’t some special, holy thing. You indulge in it because it’s pleasurable—because it’s fun. Let’s have fun while we still live…” He murmured enticingly. He followed her and knelt before her—making himself her height--intending to kiss her again.
She held him at bay--holding him still by his shoulders. She looked at him with fierce eyes. “Is that what you elves think?”
Francis was shaken to his core by her feisty, judgmental eyes. “Of course. Nature dictates that we have as much fun with as many people as we can while we still live. Elves always listen to what their bodies tell them to do. If my body tells me something is good, then more of that something is always welcome.”
Kori looked disgusted. “You’re ruled by ugly, base desires just like Laurence. I may have separated myself from my culture, but there is something from my culture that I wish I never would have forgotten. My body is sacred and if I share it with just anyone, my worth—my soul—will be irreparably damaged. I have only shared it with two men and already…” Kori’s words momentarily caught in her throat. She lowered her head shamefully. “Already, I have been irreparably damaged. I suspect you have, too, though you will never admit it. You have treated your own body as a plaything. I hardly think you feel good about yourself, especially since you have described your body as a mockery of men and women.”
Francis glowered, standing up and planting his hands on his hips. “You’re self-righteous as always. Your determination to feel only shame and displeasure continues to astound me. There is nothing shameful about pleasure—nothing damaging about it.”
Kori’s brows were knitted angrily. “It would be different if you had genuine affection for me, but you clearly just want me for as long as I can entertain you.”
Francis had an ugly, angry grimace on his face. “What do you think my glassy eyes pertained to earlier? Once again, you bravely and selflessly offered yourself up as a sacrifice to save the rest of us—showing more courage than all three of us… men combined—and if I were truly a man, I would have been brave enough to do what I wanted to do. I would have offered myself in your stead, but I was too cowardly, too soft, too worthless as usual. Of course I genuinely want you. I wouldn’t have cried otherwise.”
Kori’s eyes widened. She didn’t know what to say. In a moment, she gained her bearings. “You did want to offer yourself in my stead?”
Francis averted his gaze, embarrassed. “I was inspired by you… You didn’t even give any of us a chance to offer ourselves in your stead. You didn’t care that saving Maribel would be a pipe dream if you died; you just wanted to make sure that at least some of us would escape.”
Kori’s harsh expression quickly evaporated and softened. She giggled—a giggle that happened to inflame Francis’ passions toward her, even if she didn’t mean it to. “I thought none of you would be willing to sacrifice yourselves, but you proved me wrong. You and Hew were both willing to, and Terrance, too.”
Francis shook his head. “If I were truly willing to, I would have spoken up.” The elf hung his head in shame. “I’m afraid I’ve lost my chance.”
Kori smiled a half smile, raising her eyebrows. “Your chance for what?”
He rubbed his temples, looking up at the stony ceiling listlessly. “My chance for you to respect me. My chance for you to love me.”
Kori was flustered. For once, she didn’t quite know what to say. No man other than Laurence had taken interest in her since she had been banished from Trella.
She knew why.
They most likely thought of her as too motherly, too wrinkled, too tiny, and too boring to pursue. She had often heard gossip about her saying as much. She was fine with this because she had no affections for anyone but Laurence, anyway, but the comments still hurt.
Kori snorted. “What is there to like about me? I’m not exciting or beautiful by your standards; I’d be an entirely boring person to love. I think you only want me right now because there are no other women around other than female dragons. I’m sure when we make it out of this and you see a woman other than a wrinkled prune, you’ll lose interest in me. I suppose I should count myself lucky that I am at least more desirable than a dragon.”
Francis looked genuinely distraught. “It’s because I’m neither man nor woman, isn’t it? The reason why you reject me? Along with the fact that you don’t respect me…”
Kori found herself lost for words again. She cleared her throat awkwardly. “It’s true that I only like men—I’m afraid I would reside in the underworld after I died if I liked another woman--but like I’ve told you, I’ve never thought of you as anything other than a man. As for respect… it’s true that I don’t respect you.”
“Why not?” Francis said a little too loudly. Kori looked both ways to make sure that no one had woken up. “What do I have to do to be good enough for you?”
Kori didn’t take well to his yelling. Her forehead furrowed with annoyance. “It’s not a matter of being good enough for me. I’m hardly good breeding as I have already spoiled myself. It’s a matter of respecting yourself. You’ve been to dozens of brothels by your own admission. You say it was for pleasure, I say it was to forget about how much pain you were in. You’re a vulnerable person, just like I am. I don’t want to sleep with someone who is in so much pain that he finds defiling himself pleasurable.”
Francis looked like a child who was a about to throw a tantrum after his parents took away a shiny toy. Nonetheless, he forced a laugh and changed the subject. “If you won’t allow us to stimulate our bodies, will you at least allow us to stimulate our brains? Have a conversation with me, Kori.”
Kori grinned, glad to see him back to his old self. “Very well.”
She talked for a little while with Francis, and then they were both able to sleep peacefully.
Chapter Ninety-Three: Folk Tale
In the morning, Kori told her friends what Rynat had told her the night before. “He says Casamir will return in three days. Rynat bound his promise to me in magic that would kill him if he goes back on it. The plan is that…”
Kori looked at Hew compassionately, trying not to cry. “The plan is that, while you fight Casamir, the rest of us will jump out of the cave mouth and land on the back of Rynat’s confidant who will be hovering below it. He said his confidant will be a sapphire blue color.”
Hew had been smiling lately more than she had ever seen him smile before. He smiled now, too. “I don’t know why you’re so upset, Little Waif. I was in your way. You should be elated that I’ve decided to sacrifice my life for yours.”
Kori’s eyes were red from crying so much and they stung. “I could never be elated about that. I like you, Hew. You’re an honorable man.”
Francis was listening intently, particularly to that last bit. Kori glanced at the elf, biting back a giggle. It looked like he was scribbling down notes in his mind about what she liked in a man. 
Don’t worry, Francis. I can’t explain it, but I find you far more attractive than Hew.
It really didn’t make any sense. Kori thought she liked well-muscled men with strong jaws, but perhaps it was only because she had been so in love with Laurence for so long. Or perhaps she just found Francis’ flirtatious and cheeky manner charming. She spent her whole life around people who were stiff, formal, and uptight. She wasn’t sure if she had ever met someone as funny and silly as Francis, and it was refreshing and cute to her.
Hew merely shook his head in disbelief about her kindness. “You continue to astound me, Little Waif. I do one nice thing for you, and suddenly I’m an honorable man, even after I held you hostage.”
“Any man who loves his people and is willing to sacrifice himself for them is an honorable man.” Kori replied.
“I’m no better than anyone else. I have killed any humans and fairies unlucky enough to stumble upon my encampment in Maribel. If there’s one thing you still need to learn, Little Waif, it’s that the people of Yharos will never be as good or as honorable as you.” Hew chastised her. “I’m just a logical man. It makes the most sense for me to die. That’s all.”
Kori swallowed a sob. A solemn melancholy fell upon the group.
“Hey,” Terrance said uncomfortably. “Let’s talk about something more upbeat. Do you all know the bedtime story, The Old Witch?”
Kori, Francis, and Hew exchanged glances, and then they shook their heads.
“It’s a tale my mom used to tell me when I was a kid. It’s about an old witch named… Pollyanna.” Terrance said in a ghostly tone, unable to help a mischievous grin.
Kori, who had actually met the woman in the flesh, felt uneased by the telling of one of the dozens of folk tales made up about her, but she was curious, so she didn’t protest.
“The old witch Pollyanna thought she had everything. She had gold, power, and an undying body. But there was one thing she didn’t have and could never have; the love of a man. There were many reasons for this, the first being that she was forever stuck in the body of a fifty-year-old woman, despite the fact that she was immortal and invincible. Because a woman like her could never be satisfied until she had everything, she decided she needed to capture a husband.” Terrance narrated the tale dramatically.
Francis chuckled a little, and Hew did, too.
“Capture a husband? I don’t think that’s how it works.” Francis was always one for a humorous tale, and he couldn’t help a grin.
“Of course it isn’t! But the witch, being the wild beast that she was, had no concept of courting, neither did she have any idea of how to behave like a good woman. She set snares and other traps for men who she found desirable, and she caught many. The old witch asked every man she caught if they would marry her, and if they refused her, she would cook them in her cauldron and eat them. You can imagine that this resulted in quite a big pool of bodies.” Terrance continued the tale with an overly serious tone.
Hew and Francis erupted with laughter, even Kori giggled.
“The body pile kept getting bigger and bigger until one man decided he needed to put a stop to it. This was a kind man—too kind for his own good—and initially, he was paid to go out and slay the invincible woman, but he didn’t want to if he didn’t have to. Instead, he said to the old witch, Pollyanna, that he would marry her… provided that she let him teach her manners.”
Francis stuck his tongue out and wrinkled his nose. “He’s one brave warrior, willing to tame an old, ugly witch.”
Terrance nodded in agreement, and then took a deep breath before continuing his story. “The old witch agreed to his stipulation. He taught her to wear a dress rather than breeches and armor. He taught her to use a fork rather than her hands when eating. He taught her how to dance and sew and do the things that a woman ought to know how to do. Once he could finally call her a lady, he told her it was time for the two of them to wed, except…”
Terrance’s audience were waiting for him to continue with bated breath.
“Except what?” Francis prompted.
“Except the old woman decided that she liked living alone with improper manners than she liked the handsome young man!” Terrance exclaimed. “She ended up cooking him like her other victims!”
Francis’ jaw went slack. “What a dark ending! I was kind of rooting for the old woman to get a husband!”
“Ah, but some people are set in their ways.” Terrance said wistfully.
Kori shivered.
Eory—her boy—was out there with that evil woman in the Crater of Redemption as they spoke. The old woman reminded her of Anyananta. Kori felt like the dragon could snap and eat Casamir at any second, and she feared Pollyanna would do the same to Eory.
__
The next three days passed in a hazy blur. Hew stayed in shape by running from one end of the cavern to the other and engaging in other physical activities, and the companions told each other stories from their pasts and shared folk tales from their cultures to pass the time. They drank water from the barrel and feasted steadily on the charred meat that the dragons had brought them as sustenance.
Kori’s legs were sore from being unable to move about freely, and she felt unusually tired due to being cooped up inside the cavern for so long. Even though Kori was terrified of the day when Casamir would return, the anxiety-filled boredom she experienced in the meantime was so suffocating that she wished the days would pass faster.
And pass they did until Casamir and Anayananta finally arrived after three days with a dwarf on the dragon’s back.
-Chapter Ninety-Four: Kindness
Casamir arrived wearing no clothes, doing his utmost to fully embrace his identity as a dragon. He climbed off Anyananta, who shook the captive dwarf off her scaly back. Casamir dragged the dwarf by the ropes he was bound in toward the cacophony of dragons gathered by the mouth of the cave.
Kori stayed where she was on the west side of the cave—far away from the dragons. Although she did not move, her eyes remained fixed on the crowd of dragons blocking her view. Casamir, surprisingly strong for one so thin, tossed the dwarf at the Shaman’s feet, and then knelt before the white-scaled dragon. “Here is the final piece to completing the ritual! Soon, I will not only be a man, but a dragon, too! I will be worthy enough to mate with Anya!”
The crowd of dragons cheered loudly.
“He will save our race!”
“I’ve been waiting so long for this!”
“There’s no one worthier than you, Casamir!”
The crowd was so loud that Kori was forced to cover her ears. The smell of so many dragons smooshed together was acrid and made her stomach churn.
She looked over at Rynat, who refused to join the pack of dragons. His eyes were twitching with rage. Casamir, who had closed his eyes in humility before the Shaman, opened one eye, peering through the crowd of beasts to smirk at Rynat. Rynat returned his smirk with dagger eyes.
The Shaman sat on his haunches, clasping his taloned hands together and lowering his head in respect. “We are all impressed by your commitment to our tribe. We wish you luck in your upcoming ritual.”
“You honor me, Shaman.” Casamir stood up, then. “May I rest for the day before we begin the ritual? I have been riding for a long time.”
“Of course; that would be for the best. After all, we have such faith in your skills that we have decided to treat you as a true dragon and require you to battle and kill each of your opponents in a one-on-one battle! You will need plenty of rest if you’re expected to do that!” The Shaman announced proudly. “Additionally, you will be fighting without weapons, but magic is allowed.”
The smirk was wiped from Casamir’s face.
Now, it was Rynat’s turn to grin smugly at Casamir.
The fairy regained his composure in a moment. “Your faith honors me, Shaman. I will not let you down.”
Casamir and Anyananta spent some time speaking to the crowd of dragons who were congratulating them. All the while, Kori’s heart pounded.
I might die soon. Was all she could think.
Hew saw her terror-stricken expression and whispered, “Fear not, Little Waif. All will be well.”
Kori let out a shuddering breath. “There’s no way we can be sure of that. Rynat could go back on his word, or not follow through with his promise, or—”
“As always, you’re determined to be miserable.” Francis interjected with a chuckle.
“Of course I’m miserable! These could be my last hours on this—” Kori stopped talking as Casamir approached her with Anayananta trailing behind him.
The fairy leaned against the dragon, looking at Kori silently.
Kori, who was squeamish around naked bodies, averted her gaze, her cheeks red with embarrassment. She didn’t see the raise of Casamir’s eyebrows, nor the condescending shake of his head at her wholesomeness.
“You all better put up a fight since I’m going to duel you all.” Casamir informed them. “You’ll all die, of course, but you should at least put on a good show.”
“Is that why you’ve come here? To taunt us?” Kori replied, unimpressed by his bravado. “Should you really be proud of becoming a beast?”
Casamir’s face turned heartless. As if embracing the title of beast, he marched toward Kori with the lumbering gait of a dragon. He grabbed her cheeks in his hands and wrenched her face toward him. “This one annoys me the most, Anya. She looks down her nose at us! I want her to be her to be the first to die.”
Anyananta’s large head peered over his shoulder, gazing upon the waif. “I agree. This woman thinks herself greater than dragons; we should prove her wrong.”
Kori thought of spitting in Casamir’s face, but she was too well mannered and valued etiquette too much to follow through with such a lowly act. As if he could read her mind, Casamir sneered and said, “You value manners and morals over your life, don’t you?”
Kori couldn’t stand to look at the man before her who had shed his intelligence to become a monster. She averted her gaze.
Casamir’s green eyes lit up with a mad delight at her disgust. “Do you want me to be like my dear cousin who you enslaved? I’m sure you made her into a whimpering dog, leashed to your own morals and ethics with no free will of her own. I wonder… Did you teach her to hate herself like you do yourself? Dragons are the only free creatures on Yharos; they are ruled by their own instincts and nothing else! We will never be slaves to morals, etiquette, the expectations of others, or even our own heritage!”
“The Arrozans were beasts, and before me, I see a beast. It seems to me like you are ruled by your heritage.” Kori retorted.
Within Casamir’s eyes, she saw something akin to regret when he spoke of Eory—or Taylor, as he knew her. She wondered if he still had some affection for this little girl who Kori had never known.
“Yes, I’ve decided.” Casamir said with a deep breath--trying to control his anger at her comparing him to an Arrozan. “I will fight you first, waif.”
Kori and her companions panicked.
Hew stepped forward hastily. “I wish to duel you first. I am confident I can kill you.”
Casamir turned on his heel and began walking away with a chuckle. “No. I want to eat the waif first. She’ll be a good warm-up for fighting the tougher opponents, too.”
“This woman is arrogant; I can’t wait to see you kill her.” Anyananta purred, her voice lowering in volume the further the pair walked away from Kori.
“What will we do…?” Terrance whispered. “We can’t let Kori die.”
Kori stared ahead unblinkingly. She muttered, “What’s done is done. The rest of you will escape while I distract him.”
__
It had been a long time since Kori had replenished her supply of magic, but luckily, because she had used barely any of it, she had no need to find and crush another butterfly. Magic was Kori’s only defense against Casamir, and she was sure his black magic would defeat her green magic easily. While Kori retreated into her own thoughts, trying to think of the best strategy to fight Casamir, the dwarf who Casamir had captured sat next to her and her companions. He introduced himself as Daren, and Kori told him about their plan of escape. When he asked, Kori told the dwarf that he was more than welcome to escape with her companions while she distracted Casamir.
Francis, Hew, and Terrance muttered quietly amongst themselves for the rest of the day, trying to think of a way to save her. For her part, Kori was complacent in her fate, and did not spend her time or energy thinking of ways to escape. She paced the cavern restlessly, instead thinking of ways she could possibly best Casamir in battle. He was confident that he would win the battle with no problems. Perhaps she could use his arrogance—the very thing he accused her of having—against him.
She didn’t even know why she was spending so much time thinking of how to best him. Even if she managed to kill him, the dragons would most likely eat her afterward, anyway.
Perhaps she just wanted to wipe that smirk off his face.
“What are you doing?” Francis asked her.
Kori stopped her pacing and spun around to face him. “I’m thinking of a way to beat Casamir.”
“Terrance and Hew are over there thinking of anything and everything to try and save you. Why aren’t you coming up with ideas with them?” Francis questioned testily.
Kori rolled her eyes. “My fate is set. All I can do now is prepare myself for it.”
Francis grabbed her by the shoulders, preventing her from continuing to pace. “Speak to Rynat. Perhaps he will convince Casamir to fight Hew instead.”
Kori removed Francis’ hands from her shoulders. She looked at the crowd of dragons milling about around her, and then back at Francis. “If it pleases you, I will, but I doubt there is anything he can do.” Kori muttered with a scowl as she spotted Rynat in the crowd.
As she turned her back to the elf, heading toward the brown dragon, Francis seized her by the shoulders again, turning her around.
“Don’t give up, Kori.” Francis implored her. “That look in your eyes just now. I never want to see it again.”
“What look?” Kori’s voice was a bored monotone.
“That look of… Concession. It was as if the woman I admired had gone away and was replaced with someone who is content to die.” Francis said with a cold fury.
Kori’s shoulders felt heavy.
She was tired of trying to carry the fate of the kingdom on her shoulders. She was tired of living on Yharos with vile and vicious people who cared more about themselves than others. She was tired of living in her own skin—skin that was a cage of doubts and anxieties.
Kori turned away from Francis again. “If I die, you’ll tell your queen that nothing happened to you, right?”
There was a long pause.
“I will. But I will have no need to because you aren’t going to die.” Francis assured her.
Kori snorted with a patronizing smile, realizing that the elf’s cynicism was rubbing off on her, and her optimism was rubbing off on him. “Yharos’ people are vile, they have never proven me wrong on this fact. Why should I believe they will now?”
Kori yanked her shoulders out of his grasp and left Francis before he could say anything else.
She found Rynat--who knew what she wanted to ask before she could ask it- lying down at the opposite end of the cavern. The dragon whispered, “It’s Casamir’s right to choose who he wants to kill first. The Shaman has already agreed that you will be the one to die. I’m sorry, Little Waif.”
Kori nodded emptily. “I see.”
Kori sat with her companions after that, although she had little to say.
“Kori, I’ve decided; I will join you in battle against Casamir tomorrow.” Terrance said passionately. “I won’t let that beast kill you.”
Kori, who had one knee pulled up to her chest and the other stretched out in front of her, shook her head. “There’s no need for two of us to die. Escape, Terrance. Take Francis back to the elven queen.”
Francis gave her dagger eyes.
She supposed he was disappointed that she was resigned to her fate. She didn’t understand why. She knew that he wanted her, and that he even admired her, but he didn’t care deeply enough about her to warrant him being so angry.
“My Lady, please! I am a knight, I have pledged myself to your service and—” Terrance began, but was cut off.
“Enough! This is my life, let me die how I please!” Kori insisted. “I wish to die alone, and I wish you to take Francis to the queen so that my sacrifice won’t be in vain. What don’t you understand about that?” Kori stood up angrily, wishing, just once, that someone would bother to listen to her.
She marched off to an unoccupied corner of the cavern and spent the rest of her day alone.
All she could think of was what a waste her life had been. Not because she hadn’t done good things with it, but because she had never obtained what she truly wanted from it. She wasn’t even sure what she wanted from it.
Perhaps she just wanted to be loved. She had only experienced the warmth of true love twice; once from Laurence, and once from Eory.
She went to sleep that night, wishing that she felt afraid--wishing that she felt anything but apathy at the way the world had treated her for trying to do the right thing.
__
Casamir’s ghostly green stare bored into her soul. He spoke no words, and he had no expression adorned on his cold face.
He was beckoning her with his chilling eyes to just try and kill him.
They were ten feet apart from each other, and Kori closed the space between them at a speed that she thought she was incapable of.
Her hand was alight with green fire.
With a furious yell, she rammed her fist into Casamir’s stomach.
Casamir stood firm. He did not buckle from the fist sinking into his stomach, nor did he flinch when Kori’s green fire began spreading all over his body.
He kept staring at her with cold, judging eyes.
Kori realized, as she looked into his eyes, that they were not so dissimilar from Eory’s. She paused when she recognized this, but recovered in a moment—realizing that she needed to stay strong.
She backed away from Casamir on light feet, launching fireball after fireball at him, and still, he would not return her blows, nor would he flinch.
Tears began running down the fairy’s face, which began to morph into a face that was softer and rounder—a face that was more like Eory’s.
“Fight me!” Kori begged of Casamir. “You want to devour my heart don’t you? Then come here and rip it out of me!”
But the fairy stood still, his chin wobbling. “All I want is to be a dragon. All I want is to be accepted by them and be mated to the woman I love. Why are you preventing me from doing so?”
Kori momentarily stopped moving, her clenched fists trembling with reluctance. “You will kill me otherwise! Why should I have compassion for you?”
Slowly, Casamir’s face fully morphed into Eory’s, his features turning gentler, his cheeks and eyes turning rosy. “Because that’s who you are. You’re compassionate and kind to a fault, no matter how many times people take advantage of your kindness.”
Kori’s face turned ugly with wrath. “I’m sick of being abused for being kind! I want to be as selfish as the rest of the world, that way, I will never be hurt again!”
Kori launched ten more fireballs rapidly, setting Eory on fire and making him squeal in pain. “I don’t care if I turn as rotten and vile as the rest of this world! I will no longer be stepped on!” Kori cried.
Eory sank to his knees, screaming in pain as the fire grew larger and larger until he finally fell on his stomach, his screams ceasing along with the fire.
When the flames had evaporated, Kori could see Eory’s charred body in clarity.
The waif came to her senses. Her hands trembled. She covered her mouth in shock of what she had done. She rushed to Eory’s body, turning him onto his back. His features were unrecognizable, warped, as they were, by the fire.
“No…” Kori murmured. She bowed her head as an overwhelming sadness consumed her.
Eory’s body twitched.
His legs morphed into those resembling a goat’s, his skin became yellow, his two eyes became four, and the four eyes, in turn, turned blacker than midnight. Black goat horns grew out of his skull.
She was looking at the face of an Antler.
“Never will you free yourself from your kindness and compassion; they are your chains.” The Antler smiled hideously.
His shadow became long, and thousands of yellow, chittering Antlers sprang from it, slowly approaching Kori—forcing her to back away until she was pinned against the wall, cornered by the creatures.
Kori lurched awake with a yell. Tears were stinging her eyes, her heart was racing.
Every shadow in the cavern looked like an Antler.
Kori smoothed her hair back, finding herself wishing that she could be chained to apathy instead of empathy, like the rest of Yharos’ people seemed to be.
Chapter Ninety-Five: Living Flame
Kori awoke from a deep sleep to Terrance gently shaking her shoulder.
“Kori, Kori…” He murmured.
The waif rolled over with a groan, wanting to get more sleep. However, a jolt of anxiety throbbed in her heart when she remembered that today was the day she would battle Casamir. She sat up and rubbed the sleep from her eyes.
Terrance knelt before her, lowering his head as if she were his queen. “I’m sorry about before, Kori. It was foolish to throw away the kingdom’s future. I will do as you ask no matter what and take the elf to his queen.”
Kori blinked woodenly, still unable to feel anything but apathy. She whispered, “Thank you, Terrance…”
Francis and Hew approached her, intending to have a word, but their voices were overwhelmed by the roaring of a dragon—the roaring of the Shaman.
The Shaman stamped his clawed feet to gain the attention of the dragons milling about in the cavern, and the dragons snapped to attention and gathered around their Shaman in a circle. Casamir was leaning against Anyananta’s arm at the front of the scaled crowd, smirking at Kori, still wearing no clothes, embracing beastliness.
The white-scaled dragon made a sweeping motion with his small, thin arms as he exclaimed, “Today, we will witness something remarkable! We will witness Casamir’s transcendence into manhood and dragonhood! You all know that I have seen that Casamir will be the savior of our species in my visions! After today, he will be mated to Anyananta, and they will create a child who will preserve our species—therefore living up to my visions! Without further delay, let the ceremony commence. Who is your first prey, Casamir?”
Casamir kissed Anyananta’s cheek for good luck and then stepped forward.
Kori and her companions stepped forward, too.
Casamir stroked his chin, his gaze sweeping Kori and her companions thoughtfully, pretending like it was a difficult decision for him to make. Kori returned his gaze with a glare. She wanted to wipe that smile of his face, even though her dream from the night before seemed to tell her the opposite.
I want to see this brat suffer! Kori thought to herself, cracking her knuckles.
“I choose to fight the waif, Kori!” Casamir pointed at her, and the crowd cheered wildly.
Kori stepped forward from the crowd, grinning and embracing the dark desire deep within her to fight. “Fitting that you would pick the tiniest opponent to fight—and a woman at that!—how cowardly can you be?”
Casamir seemed energized by her insult, despite the fact that the crowd of dragons were exchanging glances and muttering to themselves that it was, perhaps, unchivalrous and spineless to fight such a tiny woman first.
“This woman is hardly defenseless, my friends. She has powerful magic.” Casamir’s eyes flared with vicious black magic as he assured them.
Kori was taken aback. The black magic overwhelmed the fairy’s eyes until they seemed to be made of it.
The Shaman announced, “Kori and Casamir will step to the center now! We dragons will step back and provide room for them to fight!”
The Shaman ducked into the crowd while Kori and Casamir stepped forward.
Kori’s companions were enveloped by the crowd as they backed away, but before they were, Kori saw the teary, red face of Francis.
She felt bad for him, but he would get over his momentary infatuation with her quickly enough.
You’ll escape and go back to your queen, and your encounter with me will become a bad dream you will soon forget.
She turned her attention back to Casamir.
Her fists lit up with flames—the green fire reflecting in her amber eyes--she planted her feet firmly in the dirt beneath them.
Casamir wasted no more time.
Black fire erupted from his palms, shooting through the air at a breakneck pace.
Kori took a deep breath, calming her thumping heart, and then stepped to the side just before the black fire hit her—unleashing a green fireball of her own in retaliation.
The green flame hit Casamir’s arm and began spreading fast.
Kori smirked.
The fairy didn’t scream, he barely flinched. He let the green fire envelop him, stretching his arms out with a euphoric grin.
Kori stared in awe of what she was seeing, her mouth pulled into a shocked frown.
Black fire burst from Casamir’s skin, merging with the green fire until there was only a flame-shaped man standing before her.
Kori stepped backward, sweating in apprehension.
The flame-man sped toward her like wildfire, leaving a trail of fire in his wake.
Because Kori knew her life was over regardless of what she did, she managed to regain her composure quickly. She waited for the flame-man to come closer.
One… Kori counted in her head, sweat pouring down her forehead when Casamir was only twelve feet away.
Two! Kori thought, diving to the side before Casamir could crash into her.
Dirt sprayed out from under Casamir’s feet as he came to a sudden halt. He spun on his heel and dove at Kori—who stood just inches from him—and whose reflexes were not fast enough to escape him as he fell to the ground on top of her.
Fiery hands—hotter than scalding water—pinned her wrists to the ground.
Kori whimpered in pain, tears of terror streaming down her cheeks as she looked into the face of a living flame.
My friends are probably gone by now. It’s okay to die. Kori thought to herself.
Casamir let out a ghostly, hair-raising bellow as he removed his hands from her wrists and gradually began moving them toward her heart.
Kori realized that he intended to tear it out of her while it was beating.
She felt so sick with fear that bile rose in her throat.
Casamir’s hands drew closer and closer to her heart.
The cheering of the dragons was loud in her ears—the last thing she would ever hear.
Since her arms were now free, she attempted to push the fairy off her, but all she did was burn her hands. She tried to crawl away, but the fairy snatched her ankle and dragged her back, singing her ankle as he did so.
She stopped fighting and accepted her fate, staring past the flaming head of Casamir at the gray ceiling.
Casamir’s fingers burnt the fabric around her heart, his fingers making contact with bare skin. Kori sniffled.
Francis launched himself at Casamir, knocking him off Kori and freeing her out from under the fairy.
Kori shot to a sitting position, looking on in disbelief as Francis rolled with the flaming man, wailing in pain as they tumbled to a halt. Casamir gripped the elf’s face in his left hand, setting it on fire. The elf’s ghastly shriek curdled Kori’s blood.
Tears of sympathy rolled down her cheeks at the elf’s pain. Kori snapped to action.
She had no weapons but for magic; she launched three more fireballs at Casamir, expecting him to be unphased, but instead, he screeched a ghoulish shriek—sounding for all the world like a siren. Kori clapped her hands to her ears; the sound was making her ears ring.
“Casamir! You need not rely on such powerful magic to kill them!” Anyananta growled from the sidelines.
Casamir stood up, howling in pain and leaving Francis to roll around in the dirt. Both were desperate to put their respective fires out.
Kori turned around, intending to find the barrel of water the dragons had brought for them to put the fire out, but it was hidden within the crowd of whooping dragons.
She was at a loss of what to do. If she took the time to look for the water, she was sure Casamir would kill Francis in the meantime, but if she didn't get the water, the elf might burn to death.
Kori fell to her knees, clasping her hands and praying to the waif gods for the first time since childhood. If you can hear me, please grant me this one gift! Save Francis!
Just as she prayed, Terrance and Hew emerged from the crowd of dragons.
Casamir lifted both his arms heavenward with a deep breath; the flames began flickering out all over his body until they had all dissipated.
Casamir didn’t look any worse for the wear. There were no burns on his skin.
Hew rushed him, throwing a fist into the fairy’s jaw—the fairy stumbled backwards, rubbing his jaw in surprise.
Francis stopped rolling. The elf had put the fire out and was lying, prone, on the dirt floor. His clothes were singed, and slivers of smoke rose from his body. His hand twitched twice, and then he moved no more.
-Chapter Ninety-Six: Beasts
Hew, who was far stronger than Casamir physically, wasn’t giving the fairy an inch. He threw punch after punch at the fairy, bloodying his face and preventing him from using magic.
The Shaman yelled, “This battle is not fair! It was meant to be one-on-one! We must assist Casa—”
“No! Let the boy show us his mettle! Let him fight them all, and we will see if he survives!” Rynat cut in fiercely.
All the dragons roared in agreement at his statement, and the Shaman spoke no more.
Casamir realized that Anyananta was right; he was relying far too much on magic. He stopped trying to conjure it and focused on dodging Hew’s blows.
Terrance joined the battle, then, grabbing the fairy’s arms and pinning them behind his back, holding him still for Hew to punch.
While the fairy was distracted, Kori sped to Francis’ side—past the trio who were dueling—and knelt by him.
Frantically, she grabbed the elf by his shoulder, rolling him onto his back.
He was breathing, but his face was horribly burned on the left side.
Kori clapped a hand to her mouth in horror; the elf was barely recognizable.
Francis managed to murmur with his trademark cheeky grin, “Have I proved you wrong? The people of Yharos aren’t so vile…”
Kori nodded with a wobbly smile. “Of course you have.”
Francis’ eyes were watery. “You won’t give up ever again, will you?”
Kori clasped one of his hands firmly in hers. “So long as good people like you exist, I won’t.”
Francis closed his eyes, looking more at peace with himself than she had ever seen him look. Kori pressed her fingers against his neck, feeling for a pulse. To her relief, he still breathed.
She raised her gaze, looking at Casamir dueling both Hew and Terrance at once.
Casamir’s face was puffy and bruised from Hew punching it repeatedly. Remarkably, the fairy remained level-headed and did not curse, scream, or shriek as Hew pummeled him.
Casamir managed to sink his teeth into Terrance’s hand—tearing skin off and spitting it out--and freeing himself from the human’s hold. 
Terrance cursed, gripping his hand.
After that, Casamir was on the defense, focusing on dodging their blows and returning his own only when he was able. The fairy seemed to be inhumanly fast—it was like he could predict Terrance’s and Hew’s punches before they could throw them.
Eventually, black fire began sparking at the edge of Casamir’s fingertips.
Kori was shocked that the fairy was able to concentrate enough to summon more fireballs while simultaneously dodging the blows of Hew and Terrance. Her apathy was gone. She felt a vigorous rage boiling within her at what Casamir had done to Francis. She called out to Terrance and Hew, “He’s going to launch a fireball! Look out!”
Hew and Terrance looked down at Casamir’s hands. They both dove in opposite directions as Casamir launched a wispy black fireball at the ground—making dirt and chunks of earth fly from the impact.
Casamir grinned. 
He launched himself at Hew, who was struggling to get up.
The fairy’s fingers clawed rabidly at the elf-human’s chest—intending to pry him open.
A green ball of fire slammed into the fairy, knocking him off the elf-human. Kori shook her hands, which were tingling with green power. Casamir scrambled to his feet quickly, but not quickly enough to avoid the fist that Hew rammed into his eye.
Casamir stumbled backwards, his face bloodier than ever. Hew didn’t stop. He kept punching the fairy until his face was as unrecognizable as Francis’. Terrance was on his feet again and speeding towards Casamir and Hew, ready to rejoin the fight.
Casamir’s eyes flared as he finally managed to catch a punch from Hew in his palm. The fairy stared at the elf-human with a vacant expression. Hew found that he couldn’t move when he looked into the fairy's eyes. He was completely immobilized. Kori, who was focusing on conjuring another fireball, watched the fairy unblinkingly. Casamir’s green eyes were eaten by black fire once again. Black flames flickered on his nails—slowly shaping them into claws which clamped down on Hew’s hand.
Terrance closed in on the fairy’s side, intending to thrust his fist into the fairy’s face—but Casamir caught the human’s fist in his own. Both of the men were held still by the fairy. They tried to struggle free from Casamir’s pincer grip to no avail.
The whooping of the dragons ceased. The room went quiet.
Kori rotated to an exposed side of the fairy, tossing another fireball at her opponent. When it was just ten inches away from the fairy, it evaporated—disappearing in a cloud of black flame.
The fairy dragged the immobilized Terrance closer by his hand and simultaneously elbowed him in the stomach with a particularly vicious blue-black flame spurting from his elbow, rendering the human unconscious.
The fairy turned his attention back to Hew. Kori tossed two more fireballs at the man in desperation, but they evaporated into black smoke again.
Casamir threw the elf-human to the ground. Hew’s eyes were blank, his pupils were constricted.
Kori was in tears. Her magic was useless. She rushed toward Casamir, throwing herself at him, and intending to pry him off Hew by the waist. She used every ounce of strength in her body to try and move him, but she was too weak.
The fairy twisted his torso and swiped her across the face with his black-fire claws, eliciting a scream from Kori.
Casamir dug his flaming claws into the Hew’s chest, peeling skin aside and revealing his beating heart. Kori blanched with a whimper, looking away in disgust.
Casamir reached for the elf-human’s heart, intending to wrench it from his body.
A loud voice rang out through the entire cavern, shaking pieces of debris from the ceiling. “Your sense of community and your bravery inspires me, Little Waif! Let me have a piece of this impostor!”
Rynat burst from the crowd of silent dragons, bounding toward Casamir, whose ghostly green eyes lit up in shock as they emerged from the black flames consuming them.
“Traitor!” Casamir yelled.
With a swipe of his great paw, the dragon hurled Casamir off the elf-human’s body.
“Rynat, what are you doing?” Anyananta demanded.
Despite her heart thudding in terror, and her eyes still streaming with tears at the ghastly sight of Hew’s open chest, Kori stayed on task.
Rynat might provide enough cover for them to escape. 
She shook Terrance’s shoulder violently. “Wake up!” Kori commanded. “Wake up!” She repeated. Terrance’s brown eyes fluttered open.
“We have to get out of here.” Kori said to him.
Terrance nodded wordlessly when he glanced toward Hew and saw that he was dead. Kori couldn’t stomach the idea of turning back and seeing Hew’s lifeless body; she kept her eyes fixed on Francis instead.
Kori shook his shoulder, praying that he was still alive. The elf opened his eyes, looking at the scar caused by Casamir swiping at her face. “You’re bleeding…”
Kori looked at Terrance. “Pick him up.”
The dragons surrounding them paid them no heed as the trio merged with the hoard and made their way through it. The scaled beasts assumed there was no way for the trio to escape and would round them up for Casamir to finish off later.
Kori glanced over her shoulder one more time.
Casamir had somehow gotten on top of Rynat’s back and was tearing his scales out one-by-one--blood spurting where the scales had been--while the dragon tried his best to shake him off. Kori continued onward through the entirely-too-close crowd of dragons, dodging clawed feet that thumped excitedly at the ensuing fight between Casamir and Rynat. Eventually,  Kori and her companions made it to the mouth of the cavern. Below, she saw a sapphire blue dragon waiting for them. She hoped that the dragon was unaware that they had not killed Casamir.
The dwarf, Daren, who had snuck off long ago and had been sitting by the mouth of the cave, stood up and joined them.
Kori leapt from the mouth of the cave, jumping fearlessly onto the dragons back, Daren joining her after. Terrance set Francis down, following suite.
Kori looked up at the elf, hoping he was strong enough to jump and hold onto the dragon’s hair while it flew. Francis gulped dazedly, and, on wobbly, shaking legs launched himself out of the mouth of the cave, landing on the dragon.
“Where to?” The sapphire dragon asked.
“Outside the borders of Alanheim.” Kori replied.
Chapter Ninety-Seven: Fresh Air
Kori’s fingers grasped the dragon’s auburn hair tightly as it flew her toward Alanheim, which was a distant silhouette framed against an early morning sun.
Kori embraced the warm sun and the fresh wind whipping her face. She had been inside that cave for so long that she had forgotten how good the wind and sun felt on her face.
Physically, she felt invigorated. Mentally, she was exhausted and traumatized. Her mind wouldn’t let her forget about the horrors that had just unfolded before her eyes.
Hew’s opened chest and thumping heart haunted her when she closed her eyes. Francis’ chilling shrieks when his whole body was swathed in black fire blended in with the wind as it hissed past her ears.
She turned her head, glancing behind herself and looking at Francis.
The elf had been extraordinarily brave and selfless. Kori’s heart burst with affection toward him; he, Hew, and Terrance showed her that there were still good people on Yharos worth saving.
Even though she felt terrified, cold, and sick to her stomach…
She also felt a familiar fire sparking in her veins. She felt more determined than ever to save Maribel and fulfill her promise to Hew.
It wasn’t just determination she felt—it was something else, too.
Perhaps it was inspiration.
The morning light became brighter and more vibrant as the sapphire dragon flew over the water separating the edge of Alanheim from the Evanskoll Mountains. Streaks of golden light from the sun painted the sparkling blue water with a picturesque, yellow sheen. Eventually, the sapphire dragon flew over Alanheim—reminding Kori of how lush, vast, and illustrious the kingdom was—and gently descended into a nearby thicket outside of the castle walls.
Kori and her companions clambered off the dragon’s back. Even now, Kori was afraid the dragon would snap her up in its jaws and eat her.
She hoped that the dragon was unaware that Rynat had dove into battle against Casamir. If the dragon was aware, then it would have no reason not to eat them.
Kori looked at the dragon, intending to ask it what it intended to do. However, the dragon simply took off again before she could ask, rustling the leaves and dirt in the thicket as it launched itself into the air. It headed back in the direction it had come from.
Kori felt a pang of guilt. I suppose that the dragon doesn’t know what happened with Rynat… Hopefully the other dragons won’t find out that the sapphire dragon was the one who helped us escape.
Suddenly, Kori felt a weight being lifted from her shoulders. She realized that she could finally rest without fear of being eaten or captured for the first time in weeks, and it was such a good feeling that she let out a gigantic sigh, falling to her knees.
“We did it, thanks to Hew and even Rynat…” Terrance whispered.
In a moment, Terrance jumped for joy. “We survived a den of dragons!”
Francis was breathing heavily, panting with exertion. “It was mostly luck. We should be dead right now.”
Terrance, however, could not stop grinning.
Even though Kori wished that the human would be more solemn and would respect the fact that an honorable man had died, she couldn’t help but be glad that Terrance had not lost his cheerful and outgoing nature.
The dwarf who had tagged along, Daren, began heading north without a word.
“Where are you going?” Kori queried.
“Home.” The dwarf replied. “It sounds like you all have your own business to attend to that does not concern me.”
Kori couldn’t argue with that. She watched him go in silence, wishing that she, too, could go home. 
For a moment, the remaining trio sat down and simply rested in the quiet thicket, enjoying the soft sound of cooing of birds in their ears and the feeling of fresh air in their lungs.
None of them spoke. They needed a moment to enjoy their freedom.
Kori, whose mind had momentarily gone blank so that she could enjoy herself, soon returned to plotting out her next move.
There was still the business of saving Maribel, and the fact that Francis had been burned would complicate that.
“What should we tell the queen about your face, Francis?” Kori asked.
“Tell her that you burned it because you wanted to be the prettiest one in the group.” Francis joked.
Kori laughed loudly and joyously at that.
After a moment, she felt guilty.
In the wake of Hew’s death and Francis’ burned face, she felt like she didn’t deserve a moment to laugh. But then she realized that… Perhaps Francis was right and she was far too intent on being miserable far too often. Perhaps she had earned a laugh.
“We can tell her a half-truth.” Francis said in a serious tone. “We were captured by the elf-humans and they burnt my face because I was being my usual, outspoken self and insulting them for being savages.”
Kori didn’t take well to him referring to elf-humans as savages since one of them had saved his life, but she was too exhausted to correct him.
“I’m really sticky and gross,” Francis said, standing up. “I think I’d like to find a place to bathe before we enter Alanheim. It’s embarrassing enough to show up with a face this ugly, but to show up stinking and covered in dirt would be unforgivable.”
His voice was laden with melancholy that he couldn’t mask under his usual layer of humor.
Kori could only imagine the pain he was feeling, both physically and mentally. Even though she had a feeling it would only make him sadder, she had to ask, “How does your skin feel…?”
Francis shook his head with a sarcastic smile and glassy eyes. “Seriously? How do you think it feels?”
Kori rubbed her arm sadly, feeling enormously guilty that she had inadvertently caused him so much pain. “I’m sorry…”
Francis sighed heavily. He looked up at the sky through the latticed branches of the curly willow tree that was providing them with shade. “It was the worst pain in my life. I don’t even know how to describe it other than searing and visceral. Even now, my skin still stings horribly. The cool air helped when we were flying, but now… It stings horribly again.”
Kori said nothing for a moment, wishing she could find some way to cheer him up. She smiled and then linked her arm in his. “Terrance, Francis, let’s find somewhere to bathe!”
Francis raised an eyebrow at how cheerful she was being as she led them further into the thicket. “I know a spring to bathe in, and you’re taking us in the opposite direction.” Francis said.
“Oh…” Kori cleared her throat awkwardly.
Francis snickered and then turned around. “Follow me.”
Terrance and Kori followed Francis northward.
While they did, Kori held Hew’s earring in the palm of her hand, brushing the feather with her fingers. Eventually, she clenched it firmly and lovingly in her fingers. I won’t let you down, Hew. I promise.
Francis led them out of the thicket and onto the open, green plains surrounding them.
In the distance, Kori could see the spring Francis spoke of. Running water was pouring out of a mossy rockface and into the pristine spring beneath it. The spring itself was partially obscured by birch trees, which would allow them adequate privacy while they bathed.
Kori sighed. “The sound of water is music to my ears! I can’t wait to get clean! How about you two?”
Terrance grinned and nodded in response. “Of course!”
Francis looked over his shoulder, giving Kori another strange look. “It’s weird when you try to enjoy yourself, Kori. Very out of character.”
Kori avoided his gaze shyly. “Well… Maybe you were right. Maybe it is okay for me to enjoy myself every now and again. By all rights, I should have died several times by now, so I think I’ve earned some enjoyment.”
Francis gave her a genuine smile before turning facing forward again.
They all came to a stop when they reached the initial ring of birches concealing the spring. Kori had a devious plan that made her blush. “I say Francis gets to bathe first! I’ll go last!”
Francis, and even Terrance, rolled their eyes.
“Kori, you’re far too paranoid. We’re not going to stare at you while you bathe.” Terrance said, shaking his head incredulously. “Let’s just all go together.”
Kori crossed her arms, pursing her lips and lifting her chin defiantly. “I don’t trust you. Besides, I think it would be nice if all of us had some time to ourselves.”
Francis threw up his hands with a gasp of annoyance. “Doesn’t matter so long as I get to go first.”
Kori watched him go with a grin. Her mischievous plan was working.
She sat down with Terrance for a moment, still clasping Hew’s earring in her hands.
“Terrance…” Kori murmured.
“What is it, My Lady?” Terrance replied.
“Do you think Hew was rewarded for his sacrifice? Do you think he went to Paradise?” Kori asked, hoping he would say yes.
Terrance, who lowered himself to his haunches with his arms hanging off his knees, had no answer for a moment. After that, he said, “I think so. We humans and waifs often have this vengeful image of our gods, but I don’t think they would condemn a man for protecting his people—even if he had to do unsavory things to do it—at least, I don’t think they would.”
Kori breathed a sigh of relief. “I’m glad you think so, too…”
Kori tried to block out the last image of Hew from her mind, wiping more cursed tears of empathy from her eyes as she did so.
She decided to get back on track to having fun. She tucked Hew’s earring away in her pocket and then stood up. “You know, I better make sure Francis doesn’t run away. I’ll go check in on him. You stay here, Terrance.”
Terrance raised an eyebrow, but merely nodded at her command.
Chapter Ninety-Eight: Worth
Kori made her way through the copse of trees, brushing her way past colorful vegetation that was unique to Alanheim. She turned sideways to muscle her way past the last two trees that were barring her from the spring. She brushed her clothes off—leaves and clumps of dirt falling from her dress—when she arrived at the edge of the spring. She saw Francis resting the back of his head against the edge of the spring with his eyes closed, his elbows propped up on the earth surrounding the pool.
Kori felt stupid—realizing she was behaving like a young girl instead of a woman—nonetheless, she couldn’t help feeling giddy.
Kori disrobed gingerly, and then she submerged herself up to her nose in the spring water, opening and closing her mouth like a fish would.
Francis, who heard the gentle swish of her entering the water, opened his eyes in panic, thinking she might be an enemy. When he saw it was only her, he breathed a sigh of relief. After that, he wore an expression of bewilderment.
“What are you doing here? And why are you acting like a fish?” Francis asked.
Kori popped out of the water, slicking her wet hair back with a laugh. “To make you laugh! I guess it didn’t work…”
Francis rubbed the back of his neck, unable to remove his eyes from her.
Despite the fact that Francis’ face had been badly burned on the left side, she felt more attracted to him than ever. Just as his eyes roamed her body, her eyes roamed his.
“Oh, I wanted to make sure you wouldn’t escape.” Kori told him, trying out a wink for herself and then feeling awkward about it when she realized it probably wasn’t effective.
Francis stifled a laugh, charmed by how bad she was at flirting. “I think, at this point, you should know that I won’t try to run.”
Kori dropped all pretense of coyness. “I know…”
She looked down briefly, catching a glimpse of her disheveled reflection. She had forgotten that Casamir had scratched her across the face, furthermore, she had forgotten just how dirty and grimy her face was in the first place.
The pair listened to the running water for a moment. Kori gently swished her hands through the liquid, making half circles nervously.
Francis asked the inevitable question. “Why are you really here?”
Kori took a deep breath.
It had been a long time since her stomach felt sick with affection. “I’m here because I misjudged you. I have a feeling that… Perhaps you don’t just want me for as long as I can entertain you.”
Francis’ face was laden with derision. “Oh really? You’re only getting that now?”
Kori was ashamed of herself.
This man had suffered for her more than anyone ever had. She wondered how she had ever accused him of not having genuine affections for her. All she could say was, “I’m sorry. I feel so guilty…”
Francis snorted. “You feel guilty? I’m the one who’s betraying my people.”
Kori shook her head. “No—you’re not betraying your people—I’m forcing you to lie to them for me, that’s all.”
Francis hung his head ashamedly. “You’re not forcing me anymore… You and Terrance both trusted that I wouldn’t run away when you let me bathe alone for a reason. You know as well as I do that I’ll lie for you of my own free will.”
Kori rubbed her sore shoulders with water, feeling a mixture of joy and guilt at his sentence. She forced a smile. “What changed?”
Francis rolled his eyes. “Obviously, you did.”
I’m not anyone special. How could someone like me have managed to change his mind? Kori wondered.
“I did?” Kori repeated.
Francis pinched his nose and then submerged himself under water.
Kori cocked her head to the side, wondering whether he was avoiding her question or whether he just wanted to wash the grime off. She plugged her nose, plunging herself under water after him.
Francis’ eyes were closed, his rosy hair waved back in forth in front of his thoughtful, pensive face.
He opened his eyes.
She felt as if she had been caught spying on him during an intimate moment. She quickly paddled to the surface.
Francis followed suite.
The two continued cleaning themselves in silence for a moment, rubbing water into their grimy skin and sore spots.
Kori wanted to ask him how a modest, mousy woman such as herself had influenced him so profoundly, but at the same time, she didn’t want to push him. 
She was spared having to ask him when he said, “You broke free of your king’s spell and proved your own worth without his approval—something I’ve never been able to do. If you can do it, perhaps I can, too. My queen treats me just as poorly as your king does, if not worse, and yet I’ve been so loyal to her all this time that I…” Francis swallowed audibly, his chin trembling. He gave himself a moment so that he wouldn’t cry, and then continued. “I chose her over everything. I was little more than a prostitute to her…”
Kori felt his pain palpably. She wanted to soothe him. She coiled tendrils of magic around him for comfort.
Francis paused, and then he asked, “Do you know what Andillian are?”
Kori shook her head.
“Andillian are elves who are neither female nor male—they’re me. They are either prostitutes, slaves, or they are put on display in the queen’s gardens for all to gawk at their deformed bodies. Once the queen discovered I was an Andillian, she had me put on shows in her gardens for all the nobles of Alanheim to see, some were dances, and others were sexual in nature. It’s true that the queen saved me from that life by pronouncing me dead and making me her messenger instead, but it was you who reminded me that she was the one who forced me into that life to begin with. You showed me that it was possible to have worth without her giving it to me. That’s why I was willing to die for you.” Francis looked at his reflection sorrowfully. “I’m afraid the queen would no longer want me as I am, anyway… I wonder if she will return me to the gardens again.”
Kori was aghast at what he was telling her.
It only made her empathize and admire his strength more. He had been through so much, and yet he was still so cheeky and humorous.
Kori knew what she wanted to say, but she had trouble spitting it out. “You could come live with me in Maribel. I’ll force Laurence to let you—maybe I could even sneak you in!”
Francis smiled ear-to-ear, allowing her to appreciate how big and adorable his cheeks were. “You’d really do that? Someone as forthright and self-righteous as you?”
Kori smirked mischievously. “I can be shady when I want to be.”
Suddenly, Kori giggled. “You know what I just realized?”
“What?” Francis replied.
“You told me a lie when we first met! In order to get me to trust you, you told me you were neither man nor woman and that that information was mine to use against you. What you didn’t tell me was that your queen already knew about your secret. You just told me that so I would take you back to your queen, didn’t you?” Kori tsked.
Francis laughed. “I was in a life or death situation—I would have said anything to get out of it.”
They both laughed, and then Kori decided to be the most daring she had been in a long time. She swept her long hair in front of her shoulder and asked Francis, “There’s a spot on my back I can’t reach. Could you help me out?”
She turned her back to him.
“I suppose your stubby little arms wouldn’t be able to reach.” He waded over to her, more than willing to humor her ploy for his attention. He immersed his hands in the water and smeared the water on the waif’s upper back, lingering far too long for it to be a courtesy for a friend.
Kori breathed heavily. Her body felt electrified with pleasure. “Can you go a little lower?” Kori suggested.
Francis shook his head with a grin, wondering why she had to be so coy about everything. He kissed the back of her neck as he did as she asked.
Chapter Ninety-Nine: Surface and Depth
After the trio was done bathing, they all agreed that it was time to meet the queen. Francis knew exactly what to tell his queen about his face, and exactly what to tell her in regards to what took him so long to return to Alanheim.
While they walked towards Castle Alanheim, Francis felt strange. He felt like he was shutting a window on a life of serving his beautiful queen, who could give him anything he wanted except marriage, in order to achieve a life with a woman who he genuinely cared for, but who could offer him nothing but marriage.
Francis found himself feeling something else that he had not felt in a long time, or perhaps something that he had never felt in his whole life.
Kori gave him the collywobbles, made him feel lightheaded--made him think about how much he wanted to hold her hand. Francis always regarded sex and affection with a cold detachment. As he had explained to Kori, he did it because it was fun and for no other reason. This feeling of being nervous around her, of thinking about her when he didn’t want to think about her, and wanting to protect her with his life was one that terrified him and simultaneously provided him with a sense of euphoria unmatched by anything else in his life.
Even he was surprised by his own willingness to burn his face for this woman he hardly knew. His face was one of the only things keeping him from the typical life of an Andillian. If the queen had not taken such a liking to his face, he would still be dancing in the gardens and performing other humiliating acts.
Earlier, when Kori let him touch her, it had been more pleasurable than any romantic encounter he had ever experienced, despite the fact that it didn’t go any further than touching. It made him blush when he thought about it, another thing his previous romantic encounters failed to do.
What terrified him was wanting to pursue a relationship where the parameters were unknown to him. He didn’t understand what a race other than elf would even want from a romantic relationship with him. He also recognized that harboring this alien feeling of genuine love might result in pain the likes of which he had never felt if Kori ever left him.
All these thoughts whirled around in Francis’ head as the trio traversed the space of land between the spring and the tall, stone wall encircling Castle Alanheim along its perimeter. As the companions approached the portcullis leading inside the walls, Terrance, who was leading the way, asked, “What took you two so long to bathe, anyway?”
Kori and Francis glanced at each other, hiding their smiles behind their hands.
“Oh, you know Francis. He values his baths and grooming time, and he was rather filthy.” Kori could barely keep from laughing.
Terrance glanced over his shoulder suspiciously, but said nothing else. 
The trio had already run through what they would tell the queen several times, but Kori, being the conscientious, thorough, and neurotic type, suggested they run through it three more times before they reached the portcullis.
Francis ran through it with some degree of sarcasm, at which Kori chastised him and told him to take it seriously, which caused them both burst into laughter. They were both simultaneously annoyed and endeared by each other’s worst personality traits.
When they arrived at the portcullis, however, they stopped their merrymaking and wore authoritative faces.
Kori was astounded by the fifty-foot-tall, stone wall shielding the castle from invaders, and wondered how Laurence could even conceive of trying to broach it if Alanheim and Maribel went to war. Through the grating of the portcullis, Francis saw the familiar face of the gate guard, Lucas.
“What business do you have with Alanheim?” Lucas asked, not recognizing Francis.
Francis’ face fell when the man didn’t recognize him. He cleared his throat. “It’s me, Francis. I need an audience with the queen right away. This waif is named Kori—she’s the Redeemer of Maribel—and this man is her vassal, Terrance. Kori would also like an audience with the queen.”
Lucas couldn’t hide his shock. “Is that really you, Francis?”
Francis huffed out an annoyed sigh. “What? Have I grown so handsome that you didn’t recognize me?”
“What happened to your face?” Lucas asked blatantly.
“For your information, me and the Redeemer were jumped on our way here by some savage elf-humans. We’re all starving and ravenously thirsty and would appreciate it if you would hurry along our message to the queen.” Francis requested impatiently.
Francis had the reputation of being the queen’s newest pet, and Lucas didn’t wish to anger her. Lucas signaled to one of the gate guards to lift the portcullis, and asked another to hurry along Francis' request for an audience to the queen. The portcullis groaned open, and Francis and his friends stepped inside the walls of Castle Alanheim, which made Castle Maribel look like a small fishing village in comparison.
The city surrounding the castle was littered with hundreds of homes and businesses; the streets were filled with throngs of elves heading from place-to-place and speaking so loudly that it overwhelmed Kori. She felt very nervous and couldn’t help but want to hide behind Francis. 
In the distance Francis saw Castle Alanheim--an elegant, cylindrical, stone castle--standing on top of a lush hillock. 
Francis smiled at the nervous Kori. “Follow me, Kori.”
The waif was not fond of big crowds to begin with, and this city harbored the biggest crowds she had ever seen—aside from the gargantuan crowd of dragons from earlier.
Francis found her shyness to be too endearing for words. He gently squeezed her shoulder as he led her through the lively city—dodging peasants, nobles, and even a horse dragging a cart filled with sundries and vegetables. Kori leaned on him without realizing it, making him feel strong and needed.
The trio climbed a gradual incline as they approached the castle. Because they were so exhausted from their long trek, all of them—particularly the short-legged Kori—were out of breath by the time they reached, and climbed, the stony flight of stairs leading to the castle door.
Two elven guards, clad in red armor, stood immovable in front of two, ivory latticed doors leading inside the castle. Francis did a sweeping bow, managing to get a good look at the faces of the guards, which were hard to recognize under the steel helmets they wore.
“Hello, Etienne, hello, Lot. It’s me, Francis. I’m assuming Lucas sent a message that we need quarters set up for our guests and an audience with the queen?” Francis asked.
The guard on the left, Etienne, nodded. “Yes, we were told as much. The queen said she will summon you tomorrow morning. Until then, you and our guests will be well fed and taken care of. There are fresh clothes laid out for you in your quarters. If you like, Francis, you can give our guests a tour of the castle grounds.”
Kori’s face lit up with excitement. She nodded vigorously, but was too nervous to say anything for fear that she might offend these very cultured and refined elves. In a way, she felt like she was dirtying their immaculate city just by standing in it.
Francis bit back a laugh at Kori’s childlike excitement. “I think that’s a yes from our guests.”
The two guards stepped aside, allowing Francis to grab the handles on the latticed doors and swing them open.
The inside of the castle put Maribel’s to shame. The first floor was a large, oval foyer with marble flooring and beautiful tapestries depicting the queen, lush landscapes, and scenes from elven history lining the walls. Expensive, obsidian vases filled with red roses stood attractively on top of four side tables situated at the four corners of the foyer.
Kori was breathless. She whispered, “Beautiful…”
Francis linked his arm in hers and ushered her over to the alabaster staircase located in the middle of the room.
“We could afford to feed Maribel for a year if we had this kind of gold…” Terrance whispered in Kori’s ear. Kori nodded wordlessly in agreement.
Their footsteps echoed as they climbed the staircase. Kori felt like the place was bizarrely empty and lifeless, despite how luxurious it was.
When they reached the first landing, the path branched to their left and right, creating a narrow, circular balcony where several doors were evenly spaced apart from each other on the walls.
Kori looked up.
There were several more floors, and Kori wondered just how far the branching staircases led up.
“These are the guest quarters, my friends!” Francis announced with much bravado, motioning to the doors on either side of the hall.
An elf wearing a slave collar approached them from the left. Kori couldn’t help but flinch at the reminder that elves kept slaves. The slave, who reminded her very much of Francis in the way that the individual looked neither male nor female, bowed to the trio. “My name is Hera. It’s a pleasure to meet you. I will show you to your quarters.”
Francis waved goodbye to Kori and Terrance. “My quarters are higher up! I’ll meet up with you two in a bit!”
The elf returned to the landing and climbed two more flights of stairs. His calves were throbbing in pain and he was out of breath by the time he arrived at the floor where his room was located. He sat down on the landing, taking deep breaths. Once his heart rate had slowed down and he was breathing easier, he forced himself to his feet and made a right turn down the narrow hallway. He opened the third door down the hallway, entering his familiar quarters.
He beamed when he saw fresh clothes waiting for him on his bed.
He locked his door and immediately disrobed. He sat next to a fresh pair of breeches, boots, and a jerkin, stretching his arms above his head with a yawn. His shoulders felt incredibly sore, and he rubbed them with a groan.
He was reminded of the fiery red burn stretching from his left foot to his left shoulder. He touched the left side of his face, which he also knew to be burned, feeling insecure about himself. What was I thinking? What will become of me now that I don’t even have good looks to offer the queen?
Francis felt butterflies in his stomach, however, when he thought of how Kori had rubbed his shoulders in the spring earlier at his request.
She had been unphased by his ugly burn.
Earning her respect and her love made him feel proud of himself. He wiped tears away from his eyes with the palms of his hands, and then donned his fresh clothes.
-Chapter One-Hundred: True Affection
Francis met up with Kori and Terrance after he dressed. The elf gave Terrance and Kori a tour of the castle grounds. He introduced Kori to Alanheim’s Redeemer—a tall, elegant woman with thick blond hair and sweet almond eyes. Kori talked with her briefly, and found that she liked the woman, which she was not expecting. The woman spoke clearly, concisely, and confidently. She was also very compassionate, which was the biggest reason why Kori liked her immediately. They spoke of their individual experiences of redeeming criminals—both failures and successes—and had numerous, interesting tales to tell one another about the criminals they had met in the dungeons of their respective kingdoms.
After that, Francis showed Terrance and Kori the breathtaking garden situated behind the castle. An array of bewitching, snowy white flowers—tulips, roses, hyacinths, and chrysanthemums—covered nearly every inch of the green paradise. There were vibrant, green, vines growing on trellises, and knotted willow trees providing sufficient shade for sunny days. Kori gasped in wonder.
The trio sat down under a willow tree for a time, enjoying each other’s company and pleasant conversations.
Francis showed them the armory and the kitchen following that, and they were all sufficiently hungry enough after smelling good food to eat.
The cooks served them a meal fit for a king in the dining hall, and for the first time in a long time, they were all in good spirits. They laughed the most they had laughed since they left Maribel, and Francis felt so relaxed that the tension in his shoulders seemed to fade away. They spent the rest of the day exploring the castle, and they all decided to turn in early due to the exhaustion—both physical and mental—of their journey to Alanheim.
Francis asked the slaves to draw up baths for him and his guests in their respective rooms, and then he retired to his room for the night. He submerged himself in the bathwater with a contented sigh.
Earlier, Kori had made him feel guilty by her look of compassion for the slaves. Before, he had never questioned whether slavery was right or wrong. It was just a part of his life—a part of it that made living it much easier. If the queen hadn’t taken such a liking to him, he would be in their position, or dancing in the gardens, or a prostitute. Now, he felt ashamed of himself for enjoying the comfort slaves afforded him. He could easily be one of them.
Curse her compassion… Francis thought to himself as he looked up at the maplewood ceiling. He didn’t like how much she complicated things and made him question the way his society worked.
Once he was done bathing, he stood up and dried himself off with a rag placed by the tub. He then crawled under his covers, not bothering to change into his night gown. He yawned with a blissful smile, ready for sleep to take him.
Minutes later, slaves crept into his room and transferred the water from the bathtub into several buckets, leaving the bathtub empty and ready to be refilled in the morning.
Just as sleep was about to take him, he heard his door creak open once more.
Due to having to sleep with dragons and captors nearby since he had left Maribel, he was severely paranoid. He opened his eyes, sitting up. He saw Kori standing in the door. He sighed. “Stars above! You terrified me!”
Kori was looking down at her twinkle-toed, bare feet, her hands clasped nervously in front of her heart.
“Did something happen? Does this have to do with the slaves? I know you think it’s wrong, but—” Francis began, but Kori was already shaking her head.
She strode to his bedside on quiet feet.
She climbed up on the bed with a slightly furrowed brow and a neutral frown. Without another word, she sat on his lap, gripping his hips with her thighs.
They gazed at each other intensely. Wordlessly, Kori kissed him.
Francis was shocked by her boldness, and insurmountably aroused by it. He massaged her thighs with his fingers, eventually running them up her nightgown. He was too excited to contain himself.
His hands gripped her surprisingly soft hips, and he lowered her flat on back her back by them. He was overjoyed that he was already naked. They kissed until they had difficulty breathing, and then Francis, giving her a soft smile.
Before he could take things further, she pressed her palms against his chest, staying him. She was uncertain, her eyes glassy. “Tell me that this isn’t just ‘fun’ for you. Tell me that you want me forever and not just for the night? I’ve told you what my body means to me. I no longer want to disgrace it.”
Francis ran a loving hand down the side of her face. “Aren’t my irremovable burns proof enough? My body is the only valuable thing I have—the only thing I have been able to barter for relative comfort—the fact that I have… ruined it to save you proves that I don’t just want you for the night. I want you forever…”
Kori smiled at that, convinced by the conviction and passion in his voice. She urged him to continue nonverbally.
He was surprised by how much she knew her way around a body, and was doubly surprised at how talented she was at evoking pleasure. Because he knew how much Laurence had disempowered her, he gave her the opportunity to take control. She was embarrassed and giggled quite a bit when he offered, but she took him up on it. Although she enjoyed it, she preferred him to take the reins.
It was the most fun and pleasurable night he had ever spent with anyone. 
Chapter One-Hundred-One: Visible
Francis was summoned to the queen’s quarters when the sun began to rise in the sky. A slave had knocked on his door and informed him that the queen wanted to speak to him. Francis was glad that Kori had gone back to her own quarters after they had slept together. A slave would certainly inform the queen of any infidelities Francis committed, and the queen was a jealous woman. He climbed out of bed, throwing on a robe to cover himself and heading for the door.
Where once he felt overly secure and comfortable about seeing the queen—the woman who had plucked him from the gardens and made him something other than an object to be gawked at—now, he found himself breathing heavily and gulping nervously at the thought of seeing her. He gently opened his bedroom door and then climbed two flights of stairs out in the foyer.
The stairs creaked eerily as he climbed them, the only noise in the castle that early in the morning. When Francis reached the landing of the second set of stairs, he glanced over the hallway railing and across the gap at the queen’s distinct, double-paned, white iron door—feeling small in comparison to the power and riches it represented.
In Kori’s arms, he had forgotten that his face had been burned. Even just gazing at the queen’s door, he remembered his burns all-too-well. Unconsciously, he ran a nervous hand down his burned face, and then forced his legs to move toward the door.
He moved achingly slow, willing his sore legs to move faster, but they refused him.
Eventually, he came to a stop in front of the queen’s intimidating door, and, with a shaking hand, rapped his knuckles against it.
There was a great pause, and then the door gently swung inward, revealing the incomparably beautiful woman behind it.
Francis was convinced that his queen, Winnifred, was the most gorgeous woman alive. She had strawberry blonde curls—soft as downy feathers and twice as voluminous—that hung to her lower back. Her eyes were the sweetest shade of honey brown, and her cheeks seemed to be perpetually red without the use of rouge. She was short--just five-feet-tall--and was shaped like an hourglass.
Upon seeing her, he remembered why he was so in love and loyal to her in the first place. He immediately knelt before her, remembering her station. “You summoned me, My Queen?”
The queen smiled a bewitching smile, shaking her head incredulously. “Please, Francis. You need not bow to me. Come inside; I have much to ask you.”
Francis felt like entering her room was like entering a viper’s nest. He tried to remind himself of how Kori had broken free of her king’s spell, and how much he wished to do the same with his queen.
He tried not to think of the unrivaled ecstasy he felt when he was alone with the queen—tried not to think of the gifts she had given him, nor the compliments and waves of love she had drowned him in, lest he be caught in her jaws.
He followed her into her bedroom, shutting the door behind him. He didn’t wish to stride further into the room, nor did he wish to look at the bewitchingly beautiful woman any longer, nor set eyes on the bed where they used to sleep together.
“Why have you summoned me, Winnie? I thought your intention was to talk later in the morning with the Redeemer and her vassal present.” Francis asked.
Because his eyes were glued to the rug and indigo carpeting beneath his feet, he missed the look of shrewdness displayed on Winnifred’s face.
“Come sit here.” Winnifred said sweetly. Francis didn’t look up, but he knew she was patting the space next to her on the bed. Francis didn’t know what to say to her. He just knew he wanted to avoid sitting next to her at all costs. “I’m comfortable where I am. What is it you wanted to ask me?”
The queen didn’t reply.
Francis was so nervous about angering her—about losing her—that he couldn’t help but look up.
The queen was heartbroken. She was hunched over, hugging her stomach, tears glistening in her eyes. “I’m sorry, Francis. I failed you. I can’t blame you for treating me like a stranger. I should never have let you be my messenger. Your handsome face has been burned because of me!”
Francis had never seen the queen cry. He had never seen her show an ounce of weakness. The sight of someone who was such a tower of strength crumpling in compassion for someone as lowly as Francis, touched his heart.
Francis shook his head, kneeling before her again. “Please, Winnie. I’m not treating you as a stranger—I’m treating you as my queen, and none of this is your fault. It was just one of fate’s pranks.”
“Why treat me only as your queen when we are so much more than that?” Winnifred asked him. “You know that you’re my favorite lover. I’ve told you that so many times. When I got your missive about how you were enjoying Maribel, and how you decided to extend your stay because of it, I was worried that you would never come back. And when weeks passed on your journey back, I feared the worst.” Winnifred cried. “I feared that you had been captured or executed by those savages in Maribel.”
Francis immediately protested. “They did no such thing. The people of Maribel treated me with nothing but kindness. Indeed… I became quite fond of Maribel…” Francis wanted to ask her, then and there, if she might be fine with him immigrating to Maribel, but he knew that it was something that would be better discussed when the queen was in the right headspace, and better discussed once Kori thought of a way to convince her own king to let him immigrate to Maribel.
The queen continued to wipe away her tears. “Won’t you come sit next to me and tell me what befell you on your voyage from Maribel? I promise I will repay you for every atrocity you suffered for my benefit. That is the only reason why I have summoned you—to make sure you’re okay.”
Francis felt cornered. He racked his mind, trying to come up with a clever excuse not to sit next to her, but could think of none. He decided that honesty was the best policy. “My Queen, I would like to stay where I am. I… Would like to only be your messenger and nothing more.”
The queen’s eyes widened. She turned her head so that he could not see her face. “My messenger and nothing more? But I love you! Did I not save you from the life of an Andillian? Did I not shower you with affection and adoration? Now you seek to leave my loving embrace! I am the queen! What have I done wrong?”
Francis looked at her compassionately, feeling conflicted.
“I’m sorry, My Queen… I just… Continuing to debase myself for your pleasure—when I know you will never marry me—is something I can no longer stand to do.” Francis explained himself.
“Debase yourself?” The queen whispered. “You are elf! Sex is nature’s greatest pleasure, and experiencing as much of it as one possibly can is a point of pride!”
Even though he no longer wanted to be her bedmate, he didn’t want her to resent him, either. Especially since she had the power to send him right back to the gardens.
He couldn’t deny how much he loved her, even now. Before he met her, he was content to live his life hiding who he really was. If it were up to his family, they would have kept indoors for his whole life, and if it were up to him, he would have spent his life never removing his clothes in front of others and being nothing more than an invisible soldier in the queen’s army.
Yes…
He was once invisible, and she had made him visible.
He sat next to her and told her everything that happened on his trip to and from Maribel.
Chapter One-Hundred-Two: Unfettered
Kori woke up far later than Francis. A slave had knocked on her door to wake her at around midday, causing Kori to sit up with a gasp, astonished by how long she had slept in; it looked to be late morning. She hadn’t slept in since she had first left Trella and was still a nocturnal creature trying to adapt to being awake during the day.
“The queen wishes to see you now. Your vassal is waiting for you by the staircase.” The slave told her.
“Oh my goodness! Will you please make my apologies to the queen? It wasn’t my intention to sleep in for so long!” Kori exclaimed.
“The queen understands that you were very tired from your journey and takes no offense.” The slave replied. “You may take your time getting dressed.”
The slave left her then.
-Kori felt energized and cheerful as she stretched. After having a full night’s sleep, a full meal, and experiencing such beautiful scenery the day before, along with experiencing such… invigorating night activities, she felt like she could take on any challenge that the day might present.
She blushed, pressing her hands against her thumping heart. She felt such profound love for Francis that it warmed her whole body.
When she saw Hew’s earring on her nightstand, however, she felt regretful.
That poor man did not deserve such a grisly fate. Kori thought to herself as she grabbed the feathered earring with a grimace. She turned it in her hands, wishing she could have saved the man somehow, and feeling like his death was her fault.
Then she remembered the valuable lesson she had learned from Francis. I shouldn’t always be punishing myself. There was nothing I could have done…
She let herself mourn Hew for a moment, trying to block out her last memory of his open chest, and then grabbed the fresh clothes laid out for her sitting on a chair in the corner of her room. She held the dress out in front of her, making a face at the extremely tight bodice and the low-cut style that the elves preferred.
At least they took the time to tailor it to fit a waif. Kori thought to herself.
She donned the dress, and then tucked Hew’s earring into her pocket.
She opened her bedroom door and saw Terrance standing by the staircase, chatting with a slave. Kori approached the pair and asked the slave, “Do you mind showing us to the queen? I don’t think neither I nor Terrance know our way around the castle.”
The slave bowed. “It would be my honor to show our guests to the throne room.”
The slave began leading them up three flights of stairs.
All the while, Kori wondered where Francis was. She asked the slave, “Excuse me, do you know where Francis is?”
The slave glanced back at her, and then focused his attention on the stairs. “Francis is already in the throne room.”
Kori missed him, but in a way, she was glad.
I don’t want anyone to know how much I love him. Kori thought to herself. It wouldn’t be good for either of us.
Kori was surprised at her own thoughts. Love? Do I truly love him?
After thinking about the lesson she had learned from him—about allowing herself to feel good--and thinking of how much he made her laugh, of how charming he was, and how… He had admired things about her that not even she, herself, took time to notice and appreciate, she decided that she did.
He thought of her as kind, brave, and resolute in her convictions, things that she was too self-conscious to even dare to let herself recognize.
More than that, he believed so much that she had the power to make the world a better place that he was willing to risk death for her.
There’s no shame in loving someone like that… She thought to herself with a lovesick smile, embracing the love she felt for him.
Once they had reached the third floor, the slave led them to a grand, ironwood door on the opposite end of the hallway which was painted gold and white.
Kori felt incredibly nervous.
She had been thinking about exactly what she would say to the queen for a long time, and now was the time when she would actually say it.
She had many things to address with the woman. The first being convincing her that Francis had not been a captive in Maribel, the second was convincing her to lower Maribel’s debt, and the third was to improve relations between Maribel and Alanheim.
She took a deep breath, straightened her clothes, and stood up straight.
The slave opened the door, revealing the warm, spacious throne room behind it.
A long, golden carpet with an intricate design stitched into it was laid out in front of her, stretching from the entrance of the room towards a marble dais. Atop this dais was a glorious throne made out of the branches of a maplewood tree, and sitting on the throne was a beautiful woman whose authoritative gaze swept over her guests and chipped at their confidence. Tapestries depicting elven history were hung on the walls along with detailed, flattering portraits of the current and past queens of Alanheim. The elven standard--a golden, leaping deer on a blue background--was hung on the wall behind the throne, nearly covering the entire wall lengthwise, while being the size of two human men width wise.
To either side of Kori, dozens of noblemen were gathered and garbed in meticulously crafted and tailored attire that were gold and blue in color. The Queen’s Guard—armored men wearing chain mail, steel helmets, and gold and blue capes—stood to either side of her throne and lingered in front of the noblemen.
Kori grinned and blushed when she saw Francis, garbed in fresh, handsome clothes, standing by the queen with his hands clasped behind his back. He had a curious, consternated frown on his face, and Kori wondered why. There were two elven men in thrones of their own sitting next to the queen. Kori thought they were most likely the queen’s husband and her son.
The slave announced Kori and Terrance to the queen. “Kori, the Redeemer of Maribel, and her vassal, Terrance.”
Kori curtsied before the queen while Terrance bowed.
The queen, who had her elbow propped up on the arm of her intricately woven, wooden chair, leaned her cheek upon her hand and gazed down on Kori with a surprisingly warm smile. “Thank you, Redeemer of Maribel, for bringing Francis back to Alanheim safely. He informed me that you got him through many tough situations on your journey back to Alanheim.”
Kori returned the queen’s warm smile. “He got me through some tough situations, too. I’m just sorry I couldn’t prevent those savages from burning his face.” Kori felt a twinge of guilt at having to call elf-humans savages, but the situation, unfortunately, called for it.
The queen nodded in agreement. “Francis is taking the burn in good stride, as he does with everything, but he is plainly hurt by it deep down. The important thing is that he is safe. Francis tells me that you have other matters of import to address with me, however?”
Kori nodded, her heart racing in apprehension. She curtsied again. “Yes. It has to do with Maribel. Should we discuss it in private?”
The queen shook her head. “There is no need. Maribel’s debt to Alanheim is well known amongst her people.”
Kori felt awkward about having to discuss such private matters in front of so many onlookers, but she nonetheless kept her chin high and spoke confidently. “You see, we are having trouble paying our debt to Alanheim because we are still recovering from centuries of abuse from the Arrozan Royal Family. Buildings need to be constructed and reconstructed, taxes need to be paid without us having to raise them to pay the debt, and our people need to be able to eat and live in comfort. I came to discuss the need to pay our debt in lower increments.”
Kori glanced at Francis with a smile, hoping he would back her statement up, but a tearful frown remained on his face.
Kori realized, then, that something was deathly wrong.
She fought her instinct to throw the throne room door open and run.
The queen was silent with an eerie smirk on her face for what felt like an eternity.
“Do you think I’m a fool, Redeemer? Do you think I was so blind as to believe that nothing befell my messenger while he was in Maribel? He is elf, and there is little of interest for elves to see in your backwater kingdom—no reason why he would extend his stay. Francis told me everything—including the fact that your king held him hostage and intended to execute him.” The queen’s voice rose and echoed throughout the silent throne room.
Kori’s chin trembled and tears streamed down her cheeks. Her heart was broken, her love and passion for saving the creatures of Yharos ripped from her once again as she realized that, despite everything she and Francis had been through together, despite the fact that they had both risked death for each other and despite the fact that Francis loved her enough to endure a permanent disfiguration for her, he still chose his queen over her.
The queen paused again, her smirk turning to a scowl. “You know this is grounds for war, don’t you?”
Kori wiped her eyes and made one last bid for Maribel, the kingdom that she loved. She prostrated herself before the queen and begged her to spare Maribel “Please find it in your good and gracious heart to spare Maribel! The people there are good and kind and treated me, an outcast of Trella, with love and kindness. Before I lived in the castle, the people there were my family and loved me more than my own people did! It was the king and the king only who wished to execute Francis! Maribel’s people are innocent!”
The queen looked like she was about to yawn—like she had just seen a performance in a play that had not amused her at all—and she said coldly, “Throw the Redeemer and her vassal in the dungeon.”
As Kori and Terrance were dragged away, Kori threw a last glance back at Francis, and saw that he had fallen to his knees and was in tears.
Because he had cruelly suffused her in love and chained her to compassion again, only to rip that love away from her and leave her unbound and drowning in a muck of not only apathy, but cruel cynicism, she wrenched her arm away from the guard who had grabbed it and yelled, “You’re a fucking monster!”
The guards hauled her away after that and threw her in the dungeon.
And there she stayed for three years, promising herself that she would never believe that, deep down, all creatures were good, ever again.
