







Jasper 
“The Beginning”


by
 Eileen Sheehan
©Copyright 2021 Eileen Sheehan
Printed in The United States of America
Worldwide Electronic & Digital Rights
Worldwide Print Rights
EARTH WISE BOOKS 
www.earthwisebooks.com
Electronic Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any form, including digital and electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without the prior written consent of the publisher, except for brief excerpts for use in reviews.  
This book is a work of fiction. Characters, names, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Notice:  Portions of this novel could prove too graphic, violent, or explicit to the sensitive reader.  It is intended for mature readers.  

Supernatural: a manifestation attributed to some force beyond scientific understanding or the laws of nature.

Supernatural Beings

Zombie: a person or reanimated corpse that has been turned into a creature capable of movement but not of rational thought, which feeds on human flesh. 
Lycanthrope or Lycan: The supernatural transformation of a person into a wolf (Werewolf)
Vampire: also spelled vampyre, in popular legend, a creature, often fanged, that preys upon humans, generally by consuming their blood.

Chapters
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
Epilogue
Sneak Peek of book 2
Other Books by Eileen Sheehan
About the Author
 Chapter 1
Darkness slowly receded as Jasper’s muddled mind gradually regained a semblance of consciousness. Blood steadily oozed past swollen lips as he lay, face down, in a shallow, muddy pothole. He could feel the flesh over his left eye swelling while the throbbing in his head intensified to the extent that he was sure the iron bar that was used to beat him with was lodged deep inside of it.  There was a faint sensation of warmth coating his ears from the blood that steadily trickled from them.  This explained why all sounds were muted and barely audible.
He was grateful that the pothole was shallow enough to keep him from drowning because he had no idea when he’d find the strength to push himself up and out of it. Even the effort of rolling onto his back felt unobtainable.  
He’d run out of money to pay for his research. Never one for waiting until tomorrow to do what could be done today, he’d insisted on making the trip to the other side of town after a late-night dinner to petition his benefactor for more funds even though logic and his assistant told him that his petition could have waited – and probably would have been better received- until the following morning.  If only he’d listened to one or the other.
Knowing that the streets would be barely passable in his car and with his destination less than a mile away, he’d decided to traverse the distance on foot. In his impatience to reach the townhome of the wealthy entrepreneur, Steven Giles, he did what he knew he shouldn’t have done.  He made the fateful mistake of cutting through the alley.  
He normally avoided alleys since nothing good ever happened in them.  Not to him, anyway. During his college days, his friends would brag about all the great things they did in the dimly lit private cubbies and alcoves of alleys, like hooking up with a woman who didn’t demand payment for the sex that they had with her while concealed in the recesses of a remote doorway or the purchase of a coveted item that mysteriously fell off the back of a truck from an unsavory looking character for an unbelievable low price. For him, it was never that way.  Instead, a trip through the alley at night generally led to the loss of his wallet or a family heirloom such as his grandfather’s watch.
Although he’d been robbed on numerous occasions while foolishly using an alley at night, admittedly, he’d never suffered an assault such as the one he’d just experienced.  In fact, he couldn’t even fathom something of this degree ever happening to him.  Yet, it did.
No.  Alleys were not good for him. He should have stayed out of it.
Jasper had no reason to be there other than the fact that he was taking a shortcut to the other side of town. He’d almost managed the long and narrow stretch behind the block that contained the “Old Thyme Tavern” to avoid the crowd that had spilled out of it onto the street to celebrate Independence Day. The owner of the local bar was famous for hosting extravagant celebrations for major occasions. The functions attracted such large gatherings that the streets were often either difficult to maneuver through or completely shut down during the occasion.  
On this particular night, the city was busy celebrating Halloween and maneuverability was a major issue.  His regrets for wanting to avoid pushing his way through the crowd by taking the notoriously perilous short cut were acute.
With his mind clouded from the pain in his head, he was hard pressed to remember just what had happened. He recalled a man wearing a zombie costume that was so authentic looking that it was not only creepy, but a tad frightening. It reminded him of the zombies in the television series and movies that were all the rage. The zombie man had behaved in perfect character by grabbing and pulling at him while acting as if he wanted to bite a bit of his flesh. In fact, Jasper was certain that he got a good nip in there. Even though he’d drawn blood, it wasn’t the zombie character who pummeled him to the ground. He was still trying to piece it together, but he was certain that the beating came from another source. Two. No, three men.
They came out of nowhere in wolf-like costumes and sliced off the head of the zombie dressed character with a large sword while Jasper was struggling to be free of him.  
Jasper’s first thought was that he’d stumbled into a gang war zone of some type.  Gang battles were nothing to take lightly.  Although death was often a result of such battles, beheading wasn’t something that he’d read about in the news.
Traumatized to the point of being immobilized by what he’d just witnessed, he was unable to fight back when the three men proceeded to tackle him to the ground and pummel his body with fists, rocks, and, finally, a crowbar. It wasn’t until much later that he questioned why they’d left his head intact.
The attackers desire to closely mimic the character of the costumes they wore was both frustrating and shocking.  He could only reason that there was some sort of contest or gang challenge that they were participating in to make them behave with such dedication even while mugging someone.  If memory served him right, he was clawed and bitten by one of them as well.  
Left broken and barely holding onto life, he felt certain that he wouldn’t survive more than a few hours.  The possibility of someone of strong moral character stumbling upon him in that dingy alley and calling for medical help was bleak. If by some miracle someone did come along to rescue him in time, he’d definitely have to get tested for diseases that could have entered his bloodstream via these wounds. 
He grew weaker and weaker as he faded in and out of consciousness. Whenever his mind got coherent enough to realize his situation, he was surprised to discover that he was still able to inhale life giving air.  He shouldn’t have survived such a brutal attack.  Yet, the searing pain that coursed through every inch of his body told him that he’d done just that.  
The question was… for how much longer?
Summoning enough strength to move his hand to his pants pocket, he was surprised to discover that his money was still there. He could feel that the designer watch that he’d purchased to replace the watch he’d inherited from his grandfather and had been stolen in a mugging while in his early twenties had also been left on his wrist.  Things weren’t making sense. Getting drunk and, then, acting in character and attacking in such a way was one thing, but since when did robbers beat a man to mere inches from his life and then not rob him?  Then, were they really robbers?  They’d beheaded a man, after all.  
As if his mind wasn’t muddled enough after such a head bashing, trying to make sense out of what just occurred confused it even more.
With all the strength that he could muster, he lifted his head and looked around.  The dim lighting from the sparsely placed fixtures on the back of a few buildings mingled with the moonlight.  It illuminated the narrow, cluttered alley just enough for him to make out his surroundings.  Vomit surged up his throat and out of his mouth and nose when his eyes settled on the severed head of the zombie costumed man. With his breathing temporarily impaired, he feared that the vomit would do what the beating hadn’t succeeded in accomplishing. 
After vigorously coughing and forcing air through his damaged throat and broken nose, he managed to clear the passageways enough to take in a sufficient amount of precious, life giving oxygen. With his fears of suffocating on his own vomit quelled, he braved a closer look at the zombie man’s decapitated body that lay so close that, had he the wherewithal, he could have touched it.  
He doubted anyone would hear him over the boisterous celebration going on in the streets, but he tried to cry out anyway. His attempts proved useless.  The only thing that his crushed vocal cords managed to produce was a barely audible, gravelly groan.  
Feeling exhausted from the pain and defeated by his situation, he eased his bruised and bloody cheek back into the shallow mudpuddle and allowed darkness to relieve him of his nightmare reality.
As he lay so still as to appear lifeless, a tall figure dressed in an eighteenth century styled, sleek black cape with a red satin lining and an equally sleek looking black satin top hat steadily made his way down the alley.  Had Jasper been alert, he would have admired such an authentic costume that clearly showed the stranger to be portraying a vampire.  
The man’s footsteps echoed off the building as they blended with his carefree whistling. Spotting the decapitated zombie’s body next to the lifeless looking one lying in a heap with his face in a puddle, the vampire character stopped whistling and cautiously looked around.  Seeing no one or nothing that could prove menacing, he made his way to them.
Bending over the unconscious man, he carefully checked for signs of life before piercing his wrist with an elongated tooth and allowing his blood to drip into the wounded man’s mouth.  Satisfied when he saw the man’s severely bruised throat working to swallow the blood that was given to him, he picked up the wounded and limp form as if it weighed no more than a rag doll and positioned it over his shoulder. 
Jasper’s body flopped to and fro as his rescuer ran hard and fast until he’d gained enough speed to leap into the air. Once in flight, Jasper’s limp and almost lifeless body settled into position. Had he been conscious to see the vision that they made, he would have been in awe over the way that the man’s cape spread like wings while he soared with the grace of an eagle as they disappeared into the moonlit night.

Chapter 2
Cora pulled her thick and wavey, waist length auburn colored hair into a ponytail while she agitatedly paced the perimeter of the mansion’s medical room.  
“So, he brought home another one.  This is the third in two months,” she grumbled as she stopped next to the cot that supported Jasper’s still body. “What does he think he is going to do with this one? The man is barely breathing.”  
The elderly whitehaired attendant placed her hands on her thick hips and slowly shook her head as she said, “Master Rowan has a reason for everything that he does.  Although, for the life of me, I have no idea what it is this time. I cannot imagine what use he could be around here. This poor lad is on death’s door.”
Cora’s slender form leaned low over Jasper’s still body.  Placing her cheek near his mouth to feel for breath, she said, “Exactly. The others showed promise of recovering enough to provide household service.”  Straightening up, she added, “I think this one is dead.”
“No one dies here should I choose them to live,” said the vampire lord, Rowan Jules, as he sauntered into the room.  His tall, slender form hovered over Jasper to the extent that, if Cora didn’t know that there was a body on the cot, she’d miss it.
Rowan was taller than most of the males that Cora had encountered over the years.  His lean body was well-formed.  He possessed a power and strength that belied his appearance.  She found his square jaw and the straight nose that complemented his charismatic brown-black eyes irresistible.  She’d occasionally heard him referred to as creepy by young women who he’d brought home with him for one reason or another, but she found him to be overwhelmingly handsome.  This was a situation where looks were definitely in the eyes of the beholder.
Cora first met Rowan when she was a young woman of fourteen almost two centuries earlier. He’d come upon her while she was fighting for her virtue -and more than likely her life- on the docks of London in the wee hours of the morning. 
After her father took his life out of despair over losing their fortune, her mother was forced to sell most of their belongings to satisfy creditors.  What little they had left was only enough to secure a small one room hovel for them to cram into on the most undesirable side of town.
The eldest of five children in a family that had fallen from society’s grace, Cora had no choice but to abandon her dreams of a fun filled season of coming-of-age parties and husband hunting.  With stiff resolution, she set out to search for a way to help her mother put food in their mouths.  Luck was on her side, and, with minimal effort or strife, she’d managed to secure a job selling meat cakes for a local pastry maker.  
She’d been working for several months before things went awry.  After collecting her day’s supply of cakes, she’d almost made it to the area that proved most successful for selling when a half dozen sailors stumbled out of the ale house that she was forced to pass each day.
Sadly, on that particular morning before the sun had yet awoken, luck had abandoned her.  She’d almost successfully slipped past the tavern when the drunken sailors caught sight of her. Even though the sun had not yet risen, and the streets were still just waking up, they dragged her into a nearby dank and dirty alley to prevent being caught while doing their dastardly deed. 
She kicked, bit, and threw wild punches, but there were too many of them. They’d managed to rip her dress so that her youthful breasts were revealed.  Encouraged by the sight of her rose tipped delights, they muffled her screams with their filthy hands.  
They’d pinned her thrashing body firmly on the ground with the intention of each of them having a turn with her when Rowan swooped down upon them. What occurred next happened so fast that Cora could barely believe her eyes.  
This tall, well-dressed gentleman was so slender in comparison to her attackers that he looked as if one of those burly sailors could have blown him over with his foul-smelling breath.  Even so, he wasted no time in pulling her assailants off her with rapid speed.  One by one, he heaved them with such might that they landed in the icy bay.  
He did this with all but one. 
The last drunken sailor was so engrossed in getting between her legs that he’d paid no mind to the battle between his comrades and Rowan.  As a result, he'd almost succeeded in penetrating her by the time her savior grabbed him by his neck and lifted him high above her.
Outraged at being prevented from the sensation of power from forcing himself on an innocent while reveling in the sensation of release in her virgin womanhood and humiliated over being forced to suffer his feet dangling in the air, the large, burley sailor bellowed curses while throwing powerful punches at her rescuer.  One blow managed to land so hard on Rowan’s jaw that his head swung back while a loud crack filled the air.
Suddenly, her rescuer’s brown-black eyes turned a bright yellowish orange as long, powerful looking fangs dropped from what had originally appeared to be a normal looking mouth.  With a loud growl, he secured his set of ivory colored impalers deep into the sailor’s thick, weathered neck.
His victim’s body was suddenly paralyzed.  All he could do was to howl with agony and fear until Rowan drained every drop of blood from him.  Then, he tossed her attacker’s lifeless body into the bay amidst his wide-eyed companions who were treading water while wearing expressions of terror.
Cora watched in stunned silence as the well-dressed gentleman casually pulled a linen handkerchief from an inside breast pocket and cleaned the blood from his mouth and chin.  Then, after tucking it back in place, he offered his hand to her.
She timidly took it.
With trembling body, she allowed him to pull her to her feet. 
“You have no need to fear me, child,” he cooed.  “I mean you no harm.”
“You drank his blood,” she timidly whispered.
“That I did,” he said with a firm nod.  Removing his cape, he wrapped it around her bare shoulders before saying, “Shall we go?”
“Where?” she asked with a shaky voice as she gratefully pulled the cape closed over her exposed breasts.
She wasn’t sure if she was trembling from the adrenaline that still coursed through her veins from the trauma of her near rape or the sensation from the powerful energy that radiated from her mysterious savior. Or, perhaps it was from the shock of watching a man drained of his life’s blood before her very eyes.
“I can either return you to your mother or you can come home with me,” he replied.  “The choice is yours.”
She hesitated in answering.  The temptation of going with this handsome and charismatic gentleman who she concluded was a real vampire was great.  It was clear that he would not harm her.  She feared not for herself, but worried about how her mother would survive without her assistance.
As if he’d read her thoughts, he said, “You need not worry about abandoning your duties to your family.  If you come with me, I will make sure that your mother and siblings are moved into a more suitable home and cared for.”
She was surprised by how safe she felt.  She’d learned about vampires in fairy tales, but never considered them to be more than a fable. Discovering that the stories were based on fact was both unsettling and exciting but not frightening.
Feeling surprisingly empowered yet slightly wary of the motives for such an offer coming from such a charismatic male, she cocked her head to the side and looked at him long and hard.
“You are considerably my senior,” she mused. “What do you want with me?”
She debated whether the grin he produced was one of humor or mischief as he replied, “I crave not to force you as those men were doing, if that worries you.  I will never touch you in that way, dear child.”
“Never?” she said with a hint of mild dismay.  
She had no idea of this vampire’s true age, but it was clear that, when he was turned, he was much older than the young men she’d considered for husbands. Even so, she found him dangerously sexy and attractive. Vampire or not, this was the first man who’d affected her in such a way. The thought of him never wanting her was practically devastating.
 She forced herself to move past the acute attraction that she had for him and the disappointment that it wasn’t reciprocated and focused on the fact that he’d drained the blood of her attacker before her very eyes.  What if he had a change of heart and decided to do that to her?  
Even with such a possibility looming over her, she took only a moment to decide to take him up on his offer.  Whatever it was that awaited her with him, it couldn’t have been worse than the life she’d been forced into after her father’s death.
Now, two centuries later, she was a grown woman who, to her surprise and extreme disappointment, still hadn’t been taken to his bed.  Not only that, but he’d refrained from turning her.  She’d been kept alive by tiny weekly doses of his blood, but never made vampire no matter how much or how often she begged for it in hopes that he’d then make her his mate.
“He is no good for service. Are you going to turn him?” she asked as she watched her vampire hero thoroughly inspect Jasper’s condition.
“It is probable,” Rowan mused as he dropped his impalers and pierced the end of his finger with its tip.  Holding it to Jasper’s lips, he forced a few drops into his mouth.  “I imagine that it will take a few days of nurturing before he recovers enough for me to realize what can be done with him.”
“Will you give him your blood each day?” she asked with concern.
Rowan nodded as he said, “It is required for his recovery.”
“He is remarkably close to death.  He will turn before he heals.  Will he not?” she jealously asked.
Rowan’s dark eyes settled on his beautiful ward with strained patience. 
Heaving a sigh, he emphatically said, “Whether he does or does not has no reflection on your situation, my dear. It would be a help for his healing if he did, as it would speed up the process.  He is taking a goodly amount of time to recover.”  As an afterthought, he added, “Jealousy does not become you.”
Her jaw involuntarily dropped as she struggled for a response.  Still tongue-tied and embarrassed at being chastised for her obvious emotions, she watched in silence as her benefactor strode from the room.
Chapter 3
Several Weeks Later

Jasper slowly eased his body onto its side.  Mimicking sleep, he intently listened to the conversation between a young woman named, Cora, and the old nurse he’d heard called both Bess and Smithfield.  He’d assumed that her true name was Elizabeth Smithfield with Bess being the nick name for Elizabeth, but names were funny things.  He’d noticed the increasing pattern of nick names or abbreviated names being given to children at birth by parents wanting to be different.  Therefore, he could have been incorrect on that assumption.  
“He has been here for weeks.  It has been determined that he will not provide service in the household, but he has not been turned,” Cora complained.  “Others have come and gone, yet there he lays. I do not understand what is so special about him.  He wastes valuable bed space.”
“I agree that he has been occupying a bed for far too long, but he does seem to be improving.  Master Rowan believes he should be up and around in another day or so,” Bess explained.  “Besides, the other beds are empty right now.  So, it is not like he keeps it from someone else.”
“Perhaps he is intended for the army. Is he fit to join?” Cora asked with a slow shake of her head.  “He should have been turned and healed by now.  He was in a severe condition when he arrived. Far more so than the others. Was he overly damaged? Is there something wrong with him? Why is he not turned? Why is Rowan pampering him so?  This makes no sense.”
Bess kept her eyes focused on Jasper’s back as she slowly shook her head.  “That remains a mystery.  Master Rowan seems unconcerned, so I suggest we be the same.”
Curious about being the topic of their conversation, Jasper could no longer feign sleep.  His damaged vocal cords felt weak from lack of use.  It took considerable effort, but he managed to croak out the question, “What army?”
A loud gasp escaped Cora’s full lips as her wide eyes looked in his direction.  
Hurrying to his side, Bess placed her cool hand on his forehead.
“The fever has subsided,” she said with a satisfied smile.  Using her thumb and forefinger, she gently forced his eyelids far enough apart to expose his pale blue-grey eyes. Carefully studying them, she said, “You are still human, I see.”
“What else would I be?” he asked in a weak, gravelly voice as he briskly twisted his head to the side to free himself from her annoying touch.
“Dead, for one,” Cora said with a hint of arrogance as she approached his cot.  “The fact that you live is a miracle.  You are lucky that Rowan found you when he did, or you would not be.  You owe him your life.”
It was an effort to speak.  So much so that, although he was curious as to who this Rowan person was, he couldn’t muster the energy to ask.  Instead, he heaved a sigh and closed his eyes.  Sleep.  He just needed sleep.
Realizing that their short-lived conversation was all that she’d have with Rowan’s latest rescue project, Cora placed her hands on her hips and clucked with disgust. 
“I wonder about Rowan’s wisdom with this one,” she complained.  “He is far less animated than any of the others. Grant it, there is less required of the body to become a vampire than to go into household service, but there are still requirements which I doubt he meets.  I simply cannot comprehend why he lets him live. It is not his way.”
“True,” Bess agreed. “Most of the others were in much better condition when they arrived. Yet, they did not survive in battle.” Scowling with concern, she heaved a sigh as she looked at Jasper’s slow breathing form and added, “Turning him will make him stronger than his human self, but will he be strong enough to battle supernatural beings? There seems to be some sort of deficiency to prevent him from turning by now.  Perhaps because he was so far gone, and the master is merely giving him small amounts of blood each day because of it. I simply have no idea but, starting out so weak, if he does get turned and joins the army, I question what chance does this poor lad have?”
“It seems almost cruel,” Cora admitted.  “For the first time since I met him, I am confused about Rowan’s motive and cause.  Is he really trying to help a poor soul? Or is he simply taking advantage of the opportunity to tamper with nature? Lately, more vampires have been turned to join our coven than have over the centuries since he brought me back with him.  Not only have there been more vampires joining us, but some were humans who I do not believe were on death’s door.  It has always been his policy to create a vampire from someone whose only other option is death.  That is what he keeps telling me whenever I asked to be turned.”
“Hush!” Bess snapped with outrage.  “You know very well the necessity for the growth in numbers.  I will hear none of that kind of talk! As for those who were turned but not dying, it was not the master’s doing and you know it.”
Suddenly feeling the impact of the shame of her words, Cora lowered her head.  Tears threatened to pool in her chocolate eyes as she quietly confessed, “I have no idea why I spoke as I did.  He does not deserve such criticism.  I am ashamed.”
Resting her hand on the younger woman’s shoulder, Bess gave a slight smile while she quietly said, “You are forgiven.  Just please be more considerate of your words in the future.”
A chagrinned Cora vigorously nodded.
“I promise,” she assured the older woman.  Then, with a small, frustrated stomp of her slender foot, she added, “I need to get control over my emotions.  I want to be turned so badly, yet he refuses. I must stand by and watch as he turns the others.  I cannot understand why he will not make me vampire.  He just keeps me alive with drops of his blood.  There have been times when I wished for a fatal condition so that he will give in and turn me.”
“He may be a vampire, but it is clear that he values human life,” Bess said with conviction.  “If he did not, we would all be dead by now.  I cannot speak for you, but I appreciate the long life he has blessed me with.  You need to show a bit more appreciation.”
“I appreciate it,” Cora defensively replied. “It is just that, even with his blood, we still slowly age.  You were a young woman when you entered his household centuries ago and I no longer possess the youthful look I had when he found me.  One day we will die.  It is the natural way of being human.  I want to become an immortal like him.  I want to be less vulnerable and be able to walk by his side for eternity.  Turning me does not automatically place me in his army.  At least, I do not think it does.  If it does, then, so be it.  It would be worth it to finally be vampire and know that I can be with him forever.”
Bess’ eyes grew wide with surprise.
“Are you listening to yourself?”  she asked with angst.  “You have been blessed with an unbelievably long mortal life, yet you wish to end it and become vampire.  Even if you were not forced to join the army, you would still have the misfortune of being like him.”
“Like him?” Cora replied with emotion. “I would give anything to be like him.”
Her annoyance with Cora was clear as the old woman grabbed a freshly laundered sheet from a pile nearby and vigorously shook out the wrinkles before haphazardly folding it while emphatically saying, “So, you would rather be forced to avoid the intense light of day and all of the delights that it offers while you live on the blood of frightened humans.  You have no issue with never again knowing the sensation of a warm breeze caressing your face as you bask in the sun’s brilliant rays while enjoying a good pastry or sweetmeat?”
The younger woman wrinkled her nose as she said, “You make it sound so awful.”
Bess set the sloppily folded sheet down onto a nearby table and picked up another to repeat the process while she continued with, “Have you taken the time to really observe the master?  I mean… to really see him?  If you had, you would know of his sadness and regrets.  Of course, he does not want to impose such a life on you.”
“He is sad?” Cora said with surprise.
Bess nodded.  
“Take the time to observe and stop being so selfish,” the old woman scolded. “Not only is he saddened by his state of being, he does not enjoy turning the humans that he brings home with him. Even though he gives them the choice of dying or becoming a vampire, he feels that they are not fully aware of what the life of a vampire entails when they make their decision.  We have conversed about it, so I know this to be true.”
“He confided in you?” Cora said with open envy. 
“It is not a common occurrence,” Bess admitted. “I happened upon him during a time of weakness.  He had just finished turning Arthur.  He justified it by reminding himself that Arthur was on the path to death, but it still troubled him.”
“As I recall, Arthur did not seem to mind,” Cora mused.
Bess shrugged. “He also did not last long.”
“That was not because he was vampire,” Cora argued.  “That was because he was killed in war by those evil bastards.  It could have just as easily been any of them.”
“Yes.  That is precisely why the master regretted creating another vampire.  The more he creates, the more he loses to those fiendish creatures.  It seems a never-ending battle,” Bess said as she looked over at Jasper’s sleeping form.  “After such a long fight for his life, I pray this young man does not meet the same fate.”

Chapter 4
Rowan slouched against the back of his chair and stretched his long, lean legs to full length in front of him.  Rubbing his tired eyes with his left hand, his right hand gripped the papers that he’d managed to acquire.  They belonged to a physician turned scientist who lived a few centuries earlier.  The man had been successful in putting life back into a human corpse.  True, the revived corpse possessed a monster-like appearance, and the experiments went no further, but the concept was still a valid one. It was Rowan’s thought that, since the physician had been able to bring a deceased human back to life, surely there was a method for elongating the life of one still living– possibly to the point of immortality- without the need of polluting it with his vampire blood.
With frustration and disgust, he tossed the soiled and dog-eared papers onto the table next to his chair. He’d combed over them at least a dozen times, but still came up empty for clues as to how to successfully perform the task.
It would be dawn soon.  He lived in the mountains surrounded by forest for a reason.  The sun was less potent which allowed him to venture out of doors during most daylight hours.  His only caution was when it was at its peak.  Even so, he maintained a home that was able to barricade against the sun’s rays if desired.  Because of the schedule that he’d been keeping, he’d opted to avoid the rays to help maintain optimum health. As long as he kept his body properly nourished with fresh human blood and refrained from exposing himself to the intense sunlight, he’d been able to get by on only a handful of hours of reprieve since he began his project half a century ago.
To his disappointment, of late, he was finding it more and more difficult to remain animated around the clock.  The demands that he’d placed on his body were taking their toll and it craved the respite that the average vampire favored from sunup to sundown each day.  With no vampire physician available for him to consult with, he interpreted this repercussion of the treatment he'd given his body as a sign that his time was running short.  This made him all the more determined to complete his mission before it was too late.
The threat of his vampire family’s extinction was too great to ignore or take lightly.  Ever since the werewolves arrived a few centuries ago, they’d been picking off his people; little by little.
Originally, he had to admit that he was just as against vampirism as were the s.  More than once he’d lamented his fate after having the misfortune of encountering a villainous vampire in the middle of the night while traveling home from an evening of debauchery that he should have known better than to partake in.  He considered it his punishment that the vampire took great delight in draining him of what he thought was every drop of blood.  Although his body looked dead and bloodless, there was just enough blood spared to mix with the vampire venom that the evil vampire maliciously deposited into his system to cause Rowan to resurrect days after being buried in the cold, lonely soil amongst a sea of rotting corpses.  It left him with no option than to flee Europe and seek refuge in the less populated new world.
For several decades, Rowan bitterly tried to end his existence by starving himself of life-giving blood, but the inherent vampire demand for survival was too powerful.  He eventually gave in and ingested the blood of whatever living creature that had the misfortune of coming too near.  Sometimes it was a deer, sometimes something larger like a bear, and sometimes a small rabbit or two. He drank, but he never killed. 
He’d vowed to abstain from consuming the blood of humans for fear of creating more like himself.  It wasn’t until he stumbled onto the mangled, half-dead body of a man who’d had the misfortune of losing the battle with a bear that he’d been tracking that he finally sampled the blood of a human.  Seeing that the man was on death’s door and hearing his pleas for help, he made the snap decision to do the only thing that he could do.  
Having been created and left without the guidance of his maker, Rowan was forced to stumble about and learn through trial and error from events as they happened.  His experience drinking from the animals showed him that he needed to mix a bit of his venomous vampire saliva into the blood of his victim in order for the victim to be infected and turn.  His surprise when this first occurred with a rabbit and then a deer was so acute that he quickly trained himself to stifle his venom’s flow while feeding, something many vampires simply couldn’t master. 
On this particular occasion, he deliberately introduced a heavy dose of his venomous saliva into the man’s blood supply after sinking his impalers deep into one of the angry looking wounds. He drank what blood was left of the mutilated body until there was just a drop or two of the tainted fluid left.  Then, he sat back and waited for the first member of his future family to join him.  
Watching the man’s wounds heal as he transformed from human to vampire proved mesmerizing for Rowan.  Even centuries later, he still found it a beautiful and satisfying sight to behold.
Samuel Belvidere took to vampirism far more easily than did his maker, Rowan Jules.  Perhaps it was because he had the advantage of Rowan’s guidance and tutorage, while Rowan was left to his own devices and forced to learn and acclimate through trial and error.  Whatever the reason, Rowan was encouraged to make others to join their little family.  By the time the werewolves appeared on the scene, his family was hundreds in number.  
Also called lycan, but preferring the name werewolf, they proved to be a fierce and vindictive lot.  Having been chased out of Eastern Europe by a band of evil vampires that made the werewolves seem gentle, they took vengeance on Rowan and his unsuspecting people.  With devious malice, they made sure to travel in small groups of at least three; keeping their identity and motive hidden until the opportunity to take out a lone and unsuspecting vampire arose.
It was far easier to recognize that you were in the company of a vampire than a werewolf.  Besides the fact that they were more comfortable walking in the light of day no matter the intensity of the sun, werewolves were very human with their looks and energy.  Their human form gave off a slightly greater amount of body heat, but their hearts beat, and blood flowed just like that of a human.  This was not the case with the vampire.  His heart would beat four times slower than that of a human’s, as did his blood flow at an equally slow rate.  Because of this, the vampire’s body temperature was cool.  So cool, in fact, that it was a mere few degrees warmer than that of a cadaver.  The facts that the vampire’s complexion was naturally pale while a werewolf’s was ruddy and that the vampire required blood to maintain a healthy countenance, caused humans to look upon them as dangerous animated dead creatures.  
The werewolf also had the advantage of being able to dine on the same food as humans. Although, even though they disliked the taste and texture of vegetables, vampires could manage to digest most of them, but they’d become deathly ill if meat was ingested. 
Rowan’s human life was one of advantages.  Highly educated, he did not buy into the folklore that tended to frighten the tenant farmers that surrounded his estate.  It was because of this that he had no idea of the validity to the claim of vampires being about and was equally ignorant about the existence of werewolves.  Had he taken the tales more seriously, he might have avoided the fateful encounter that altered his future forever.
For the better part of the last two centuries, his vampire family warred with the werewolves.  Sometimes his people were the victor of a bloody skirmish and other times the werewolves prevailed.  Of late, a new leader, Marcus, had appeared within the ranks of his enemy.  Since the life of a werewolves did not match the near immortal longevity of a vampire, he’d seen several come and go over the years, but he’d never experienced a werewolf quite like Marcus.
This particular leader worried Rowan.  He was cunning, brave, and vicious.  He’d managed to entrap the vampires in battle to the extent that they were down to mere dozens in number.  Because of this, Rowan was forced to resort to steadily creating an army of vampires to fight back.  Since sickness and death were a natural experience for humans, finding candidates was not difficult.
Although it was his rule that he and he alone turned the humans, he eventually conceded to allow Samuel and the second vampire he’d turned, Oscar, to aid him in bringing the numbers of their army up to snuff. 
Because of his respect and value for human life, he’d ordered that they turn people who, like Samuel, were on death’s door, but he suspected that some of the new vampires that were created by his underlings came from alternate situations. He also suspected that it was Oscar and not Samuel who occasionally ignored his orders.  A strong believer in picking his battles to make certain they were a worthwhile use of his energies, he decided to ignore his suspicions as the occasions where he guessed the conditions of a vampire being made under the wrong circumstances were few.  Should that change, then, he would rethink how to handle the situation.
He did his best to educate and prepare his soldiers against the deviousness of the enemy, but Marcus still managed to keep one step ahead of him.  The frustrating fact was that it seemed that as fast as a vampire was created, one was destroyed. 
Rowan had suspected that his lack of sufficient rest would eventually take its toll on his body, but the urgency that he felt in trying to find the means to save his family from extinction overshadowed all concern or reason. When he finally determined that the inevitable was approaching - that his body was preparing to give in to the permanency of death- he knew that he needed to try something different.  Thus, he pulled out the papers from the scientist of old and began to work on elongating the life of a human instead of turning him vampire. Of course, if someone was adamant about becoming a true vampire, he or she would have that option by way of Samuel or one of the others, but, if he could master this feat, then those who coveted the excessively long and happy life of a human or wished to be able to comfortably intermingle with humans would be able to have it as well.  What a concept!
He pulled on what remained of his vague human memories; living, eating, sleeping, and feeling the intense heat of the sun on his cheeks as he walked in the most brilliant part of the day.  How wondrous it would be to enjoy such things for all of eternity. He’d managed to extend the life of his staff and his ward, Cora, by giving tiny amounts of his blood to them at regular intervals.  But he knew that when he eventually expired, they would no longer have his blood and their bodies would rapidly degenerate.
He would have passed the responsibility on to one of his senior vampires, but he’d had both Samuel and Oscar give their blood to humans, only to discover through tragedy that vampire blood could not be mingled in such a way.  The human would turn vampire every time. 
At first, Rowan suspected that his underlings were leaking their venom into the blood of the human, but that was not the case.  It seemed that even though the vampires were created by Rowan, there was still a variance due to the human DNA of each individual body turned vampire. There was something special about Julian’s blood that did not get passed on to his offspring.   The sad fact was that, once he expired, Cora and those in his staff who he’d been keeping alive would not be able to receive treatment from Samuel or Oscar. They would be forced into the decision of whether to turn vampire or die a human death. 
He did not want them to lose their life.  Nor did he relish the idea of them becoming vampires and forfeiting the advantages of living in the light of day and have the wonders of the sun upon their face or the deliciousness of fine foods become a distant memory.  He was determined to learn how to make their lives go on long after he was gone.
He also desired to give his vampire family enough human genetics as to raise the body temperature to allow him or her to comingle with humans.  Thus, making them more difficult to spot. Either would be a worthwhile cause, but, so far, he’d had no success.
It was his earnest desire to leave those who he loved with this gift before he expired and was no more.
A sadness swept through him.  If only he could master his task before his own life expired.  What a joy it would be to be able to have some semblance of humanity again.  Of course, that was too much to ask for.  Measuring the way his body felt of late, he’d be lucky if he lasted long enough for it to become a possibility for his family, let alone himself.
Cora was not aware of the fact that he was slowly expiring and the consequences for her thereof and he had no intention of telling her.  She’d made it clear that she coveted vampirism because of the longevity of life that bordered on immortality that accompanied it. If he was unable to find another way and that was the only possibility for her to continue on, then he would grant her wish. It was his earnest desire to gift her with that same longevity without the curse of vampirism. At least for the time being, she was able to enjoy both.  Hopefully, he would find a way to keep it like that. 
The man he’d discovered in the alley gave him hope.  He’d been bitten by the zombie that was beheaded. He should have died from that bite and become a zombie, yet he had not. There were also signs of werewolf bites and slashes on his flesh.  They alone should have either killed him or turned him, depending upon whether or not he was born with werewolf compatible genetics.  Yet, he was found as a human who lay at death’s doorstep.
Rowan wasn’t sure if it was because he’d been rescued by him and immediately given a small dose of vampire blood or if the man was simply immune to the supernatural. Could that be?  Could a human be immune to the curses of vampirism, werewolfism, or zombiesm? If so, what was the trait that gave him that immunity? He needed to find out.
With a long, cat-like stretch, he got out of the chair and made his way to his room.  If he was going to complete his mission, he’d have to start treating his body with a bit more care.
Chapter 5
“It was Halloween,” Jasper mused with unbridled confusion.  “I thought they were in costume.   Who knew those things were real?”
“What better time to walk in the open without fear of discovery?” Rowan said as he inspected the color and shape of Jasper’s eyes and his mouth’s interior. “You have experienced mild alterations, but nothing severe.  You still show signs of being human.”
“Alterations? In what way?” Jasper asked with concern as his fingers roamed over his facial features.  “I don’t feel like I look different.  I don’t look like a zombie, do I?”
“Would you like a mirror?” Bess asked as she moved out from behind Rowan to produce a small, hand-held mirror.  “You are still a handsome man if you must know.  The significant change that I see is the color of your eyes.  They are much darker.  In fact, they are close to being black now and, I think, more deep-set.  When you arrived, they were a light blue that bordered on grey.”
Jasper’s concerned expression froze as he eagerly grabbed the mirror from Bess’s outstretched hand.  Inspecting his face, he saw that his once pale blue-grey eyes were now a dark brown that leaned toward black.  There was a slight difference in the prominence of his brows that made his eyes appear more deep-set.  Finally, the definition of his lips had changed.  They were thinner, but the difference was so slight that he doubted most people would detect it.  He guessed that they would notice that there was something different about him without understanding what it was.
“I look a little different, but, other than the color of my eyes, not too much,” he said with a sigh of relief.
“It looks as if you are developing impalers,” Rowan explained.  “They have not dropped yet, but I expect they will soon enough.”
“What?” Jasper exclaimed with dismay.  “I’m a vampire?”
“I am still trying to determine how to describe what you are,” the vampire admitted while ignoring the distress in the man’s voice.  “You appear to have taken on werewolf traits as well.  The shift in your eyebrows tells me that.”
“What about the zombie bite?” Bess asked with open curiosity.
“That is difficult,” Rowan mused.  “His skin tone has changed, but vampires are also quite pale. The zombie bite was small and shallow.  The wounds from the werewolves were far more imposing.  I question if the zombie venom took hold like the vampire and werewolf venom did.”
“It is amazing that they do not war with each other inside his body,” Bess mused as she took hold of Jasper’s chin and pulled his face in her direction so that she could get a better look.  “Have you ever seen such a mingling of species before?”
Rowan kept his eyes on Jasper as he slowly shook his head.
“It is a first,” he softly admitted, “and a mystery.”
“Or a miracle,” Bess offered.
“Am I a werewolf or a vampire?” Jasper asked with agitation.  “Do werewolves have fangs or impalers or whatever you call them?”
“Before we get too deep in concern, let a few days pass to see what more occurs with you,” Rowan suggested.  “You have had nothing but broth and my blood since you arrived.  Would you care for a solid meal?”
“I crave meat,” Jasper said with emphasis.
“That is not a vampire trait,” Bess said with a chuckle.  “That is a human trait for sure.”
“Or a lycan trait,” Rowan said with a tinge of concern.
“What is a lycan?” Jasper asked.
“It is another word for werewolf,” Bess offered.
A low moan of despair escaped Jasper’s lips as the impact of what was happening sank in. Was he really turning into one of those creatures?  Or, worse, a mixture of both?
“Don’t zombies eat meat too?” he softly mused, more to himself than to them.
Other than feeling an unusually extreme hunger and craving for rare meat, he felt normal.  He slid his tongue over his teeth.  He could feel nothing different.  Where were the impalers that the vampire spoke of?
With Rowan making his excuses and leaving the room, he accepted the assistance of Bess’ surprisingly powerful arm to aid him in walking across the room to a table and chair.  He’d lain on that cot for so long that the sensation of sitting up felt foreign and his legs struggled to obey his command to carry him forward.
“Take it easy today,” she warned with a gentle and nurturing tone.  “You were on death’s door.  Do not expect too much from your body for a few days.  A day, at the very least.”
Jasper took in his surroundings.  It was the first time since he’d awoken in that cot that he’d had the opportunity to truly see and study the room.
The walls had a formidability that one might attribute to a fortress.  Although the interior was finished with whitewashed plaster that was covered by intricate woven tapestries of various scenes ranging from fox hunting to beautiful castles, he could see by the depth of the windows that the building was constructed of thick layers of stone.
The furnishings were of a period since past.  Even the cot that he’d lain in spoke of a long and serious history.  How many men had occupied it before him?  There were a few oversized winged back chairs that were still in excellent condition positioned opposite each other near a well-used fireplace.  Although it sported no fire at the moment, he could tell that it held one on a regular basis.
“You stare at the fireplace,” Bess observed. “Are you cold?  Do you wish for a fire?”
He vigorously shook his head.
“Where am I?” he asked with a voice that was still quite gravelly but showing signs of clearing with use.
“You are in the home of my master, Lord Rowan Jules,” she replied.
“It looks like a castle,” he said with a mixture of awe and confusion.  From what he could recall about the area, there were no castles.
“It is just that,” Bess said with pride.
“Where?” he asked with a tone that bordered on demanding.  “Where is this castle?  There is no castle anywhere in this county or the next.”
Bess chuckled.
“It would depend on what county you speak of,” she said with humor.  “I am unfamiliar with where you came from, but I know very well where you are now.  You are nestled in the Catskill Mountains just west of Monticello, New York near a little spoken of town called Honeyville.  Master Rowan had this castle built well over a century ago as a place to lay his head when he was in this country.  It is a lovely home with 44 rooms, 32 stairwells, 18 fireplaces and 21 chimneys, all hewn from hand-mixed reinforced concrete in a blend of medieval, Byzantine, and Gothic styles.  When you are feeling better, perhaps you would like a tour.” 
“I was in Philadelphia,” Jasper muttered with despair.  “I belong in Philadelphia.  My work is there.  My home…”
“Your home is now here, dear man,” Bess said while placing a gentle hand on his shoulder.  “It would be impossible for you to return to your normal life as a human since you are no longer human.”
“No longer human?” he choked out. “What am I?”
She looked at him long and hard before saying, “As the master stated, that remains to be seen.” 

Chapter 6
Two Weeks Later
 
Jasper eased himself into the chair opposite Rowan.  Slight waves of pressure from the intense energy being emitted from the vampire who had saved his life caressed his body.  Although he’d come to no harm since he’d been discovered by the ancient creature and was saved from death, he couldn’t help the nagging, unsettled feeling that remained constant.  He’d yet to discover Rowan’s plans for him.  Was he to become a vampire?  Or, was he being saved as a food source for the many vampires that openly roamed about the estate?
“I see that you are finally feeling well enough to be up and around,” Rowan said with satisfaction. “This is good.”
“I need to get back to my lab,” Jasper complained with a boldness that he didn’t actually feel.  “I cannot leave my work.”
“You do realize that you are no longer human, do you not?” the old vampire asked.
Jasper nodded as he said, “I do.”
Rowan raised a brow.  This was the first time anyone had insisted on returning to their former life.  Until then, those who he’d saved and turned vampire had placed their focus on their new life, not their old one.  
This man was so different from any of the others who he’d rescued. He’d been steadily giving him vampire blood for weeks. Normally, by now, he would have turned vampire.  Yet the man’s condition was still unidentifiable. Considering Jasper’s uniqueness, the lack of enthusiasm in joining Rowan’s family didn’t completely surprise him.  
“What is this work that is of such importance?” he asked.
“Research,” Jasper admitted.  “I am in the middle of a very important research project.”
“What type of research?” the vampire demanded.
“Genetics,” Jasper replied.  “I have been researching the longevity of life in relation to family genetics.”
Thinking this man far too attached to a menial act of labor and, thus, having only been half-listening, Rowan’s attention went into focus at Jasper’s confession.  Had he really been so fortunate as to rescue a scientist with the capabilities of helping him with his mission to shift the DNA of his vampire offspring so that they hold more human properties as well as to elongate the life of his humans without the use of his blood?
“Well,” the vampire mused with satisfaction.  Leaning back in his chair, he propped his elbows on its arms and touched his fingertips together as he continued with, “It appears that we have something in common.  I too have been on a quest to discover the secrets of a long life.”
Jasper gave a confused look.
“Don’t vampires live forever?” he asked.
Rowan gave a slight, slow shake of his head.
“Vampires appear to live forever because they exist for centuries upon centuries, but they are not truly immortal. If certain circumstances arise, they can expire,” he admitted.  Then leaning forward, he added, “It is not for the vampire that I seek longevity of life. I wish to find a way to provide the humans of my household with eternal life without the necessity of my blood each day or the need to make them vampire.” Thinking this scientist would hold more empathy for the human than the vampire, his tone was deceivingly offhand as he added, “For the vampire, I wish to provide them with stronger human genes so that they may enjoy a return of some of the pleasures that were stripped from them when they lost their humanity.”
“You wish for the fountain of youth,” Jasper noted without thinking. 
“I have heard of such a thing but have acquired insufficient evidence of its existence to justify searching for it,” Rowan replied.
“Perhaps we are making a mistake by discounting it. I always thought of it as a simple fable,” Jasper offered. “Then, I thought the same thing of vampires, werewolves, and zombies.”
“Which is exactly how we supernatural beings wish you to think,” Rowan said with amusement.  “It is enough to have to battle each other without throwing the human race into the mix.”
“You war with each other?” Jasper asked with surprise.
Rowan nodded.
“Indeed,” he said, “The werewolf and vampire are fierce enemies.”
“And zombies?” Jasper asked. “What about them?”
“The zombie is a curious anomaly,” Rowan began.  “Unlike the vampire or werewolf, it is not a creation from another dimension come here.  A zombie is the result of a virus that takes hold of a recently deceased corpse and causes just enough animation to allow it to function in the most primitive of ways.”
“I thought that the vampire was also a walking corpse that was created by a virus,” Jasper said.
Rowan raised a brow.  
With a slight, condescending smile, he said, “Yet, you claim that you did not believe in the vampire prior to meeting me.”
Jasper shrugged.
“It’s the way they are explained in movies and books,” he admitted. “That’s what I meant.”
“The books and movies are incorrect,” Rowan informed him. “The vampire and the werewolf originated in one of earth’s alternate dimensions. It is a dimension that is far more beautiful and pleasant a place to be. We were exiled here as punishment for angering Goethe, a powerful god being.  Each holds the other at fault for this exile.  Hence the hatred, resentment, and constant battling.  
“We are not humans who have mutated as a result of a viral infection.  We are humanoids who were created and lived elsewhere and were forced to adapt and survive on a plane of existence that can be hostile and foreboding.  The integration of humans through the infection of our venom did not begin until the threat of extinction occurred.  It was done out of desperation for the survival of our kind.”
“So, you are alien,” Jasper mused.  
Upon seeing the vampire’s exasperated expression, he immediately regretted his comment.  He quickly made a mental note to think before he spoke in the future.
“I was under the impression that you were an intelligent man,” Rowan practically hissed.  “Coming from a different earth dimension does not make one an alien. It simply means that we are from an alternate earth vibration.  There are many vibrational dimensions for this planet. The surface one being the densest and most difficult to exist in.  It makes for a perfect place of punishment. If anyone is to be considered an alien, it is the human.  You do realize that you are not native to this planet, do you not?”
Jasper gave a confused scowl and shook his head.
“I had no idea,” he said with wonder.
“The humans came from the planet Maldek several millennium ago,” Rowan patiently informed him.  “With their planet dying from their abuse of it and warring with others, they were fortunate that earth’s composition was close enough to allow their bodies to adjust to its atmosphere and, thus, the species survived.”
“Woah,” Jasper exclaimed. “That’s powerful information.  Had I known that over these months of laboring in my lab, I would have done things differently.”
“You will do these different things in the lab that I will provide for you,” Rowan declared.  “I wish for you to continue your research here. You will have all that you need.  I will spare no expense.”
Jasper thought for a moment.  He was uncomfortable being the guest -or was it a prisoner? … he was still trying to determine which one was fact - of a vampire.  Yet, the temptation of having a lab provided for him without the constant worrying and begging for funds, along with the storehouse of knowledge of the origin of man that this vampire possessed, was too great.  
“I will need to retrieve my notes,” the scientist quickly stated.
“It can be done,” Rowan said with a nod. Motioning for the young woman who had just appeared in the doorway of the room to join them, he added, “Forgive me, I must partake in my daily nourishment.”
Without waiting for Jasper’s response, he pulled the woman’s face close to his, stared into her glassy looking eyes, and ordered her to fall asleep.  Her supple body immediately fell across his lap.  After gently clearing her hair from her neck, his powerful and frightening looking impalers dropped from their hiding place in his gums.  Positioning his mouth over a prominent vein, he sank them deep into her tender looking flesh.  Her body gave a slight jolt, but she made no sound. 
Jasper’s mouth fell open as he watched in both horror and wonder as the vampire ingested a goodly amount of the young woman’s blood.  When Rowan finished, he pierced his finger and rubbed his own rich looking blood over the sizable puncture holes that his impalers had made.  Her pale flesh immediately healed.
A tall, slender male entered the room and lifted the comatose woman from his master’s lap.
“She will be fine,” the vampire said as he watched his assistant remove his blood victim from the room.  “She will be given some plasma to assist in rebuilding her blood and then her memory will be erased so that she remembers nothing of this.”
“She didn’t seem afraid,” Jasper mused. “She walked right over to you when you motioned for her.”
“She was ensorcelled by my assistant,” Rowan admitted.
“Ensorcelled?” Jasper asked. “I believe I know this word.  It means hypnotized, correct?”
“In a manner of speaking,” Rowan said with a nod.  “There was a time when I only partook of animal blood.  Then, after centuries of it being so, I came upon an occasion of the necessity to drink human blood.  It was then that I realized the acute difference in the way my body reacted to the blood.  Since it is necessary to drink from humans in order for my body to function at its best, making sure that the humans are calm, willing, and relaxed create an easier process for both me and them.  I do not drink to kill.  I feed more frequently than would be necessary so that I can take less at each feeding and stop before the damage is done.”
Jasper, somehow, found this fact both impressive and comforting.
Standing up, Rowan offered his abnormally cool hand to Jasper as he asked, “Shall we retrieve your notes?” 

Chapter 7
Although he’d been on death’s door while being rescued from the alley, Jasper had a faint recall of being draped over the vampire’s shoulder and flying through the air for a considerable period of time.  Because of this, he naturally assumed that their mode of travel to retrieve his notes from his lab would be the same.  His first response when he slid into Rowan’s limousine was to mentally mock himself for thinking that they would fly instead of drive. 
He said nothing to Rowan about his assumption.  In fact, as time passed and the road took them closer to their destination, he questioned if he’d really flown at all.  Perhaps it was simply some type of crazy illusion by a man who was barely alive.
They drove the roads in what seemed like a normal fashion, yet time didn’t behave normally.  The world on the opposite side of the windows whizzed by so fast that it was barely discernable. A trip that should have taken several hours took a fraction of the time.  
Pointing this marvel out to Rowan, he asked, “How did we manage it?  Not only is it impossible, but we should be feeling the repercussions of traveling at warped speed. Yet, I feel fine.”
“We moved at a normal and respectable speed,” Rowan informed him.  “We simply traveled on an alternate vibration where time is not measured in the same way.”
“It all looked the same,” Jasper said with confusion. “Of what I could make out, that is.  We traveled so fast…”
Rowan gave a low chuckle as he murmured, “Oh, the ignorance of man.  If you had made an effort to listen closely to me in our earlier conversation, I stated that the vibration is different, not the scenery.  We entered a plane of vibration that melds with this one.  Any human can do this.  They simply need to understand the how and the why of it all.”
“Without you?” Jasper stated, noting how foolish his question sounded just a little too late.
“Yes,” the vampire said with a sigh. “Without me.”
Fortunately for the chagrinned scientist, they’d reached their destination.  Their attention immediately went to their surroundings and the task at hand, sparing him more embarrassment on the topic.
Jasper’s laboratory was located in a turn of the century building on one of the community’s main streets.  Reaching the parking area and the entrance that he used on a regular basis required that they maneuver down a long narrow alley road.  He was instantly reminded of the alley where he’d almost lost his life and gave an involuntary shudder.
“Are you alright?” Rowan asked with curiosity.
Not willing to admit to the emotions that whirled within him, Jasper quickly nodded and pointed to the door that led to his lab.
He still had the key in the door’s lock when his assistant, Lila, pulled the heavy oak barrier open with a fervor.  Her eyes went wide with joy as she cupped her cheeks with her hands.
“We thought you dead. Where have you been?” she demanded with a mixture of relief, joy, panic, and angst.  “When you didn’t show up for three days, I called Steven Giles.  He said that you never went to his home that night.” Her eyes fell on Rowan as she continued with, “What happened to you?” Then, with more emphasis, she reached out to place her fingertips on his temples and added, “What happened to your eyes?”  Her tone switched from concern to mistrust as she asked, “Who is he?”
“Don’t be rude,” Jasper barked as he pushed his way past the young woman.
“I assume this is your assistant?” Rowan said as he stood in the doorframe but went no further.
Taken aback by both Jasper’s attitude and Rowan’s smooth, alluring voice, she simply stared at him and nodded.
“Perhaps you would invite me in?” he continued.
Having already reached his desk, Jasper gripped a pile of notes in his fist as he looked over at the door with surprise. 
“So, the stories about you not being able to enter a human’s home without an invitation are true, I take it,” he said.
Rowan gave a slight smile as he purred, “Or, perhaps it would simply be an exercise of common courtesy?”
“Please come in,” Jasper said with a distracted tone as he focused his full attention on the gathering of his files.
“What’s happening?” Lila asked with a hint of panic.  “Why are you collecting your files?”
“We’re moving the lab,” Jasper impatiently explained.  “Pack up the testing equipment, will you?”
“That will not be necessary,” Rowan said as his long, slender fingers lightly caressed the nearby microscope.  “I will supply all of this, plus anything else that you may require.  It will be of the best quality available.”
Jasper thought for a brief minute and then nodded. 
“Okay,” he said with a breathy sigh. “Just get the test samples.  Those are irreplaceable.”
“Truly?” Rowan asked.
Jasper stopped collecting and looked directly at the vampire.  With a firm voice, he said, “If we leave them behind, we’ll have to start fresh.  That’ makes no sense.”
Rowan nodded.  Looking at Lila, he said with a soft smile, “By all means, pack them.”
“Did Steven Giles cough up more funds for research?” Lila quizzed. “Is he making us move?  I don’t understand.”
Carefully placing the lid on the oversized plastic tub that contained his research files, Jasper stopped working and took the time to properly explain things to his assistant.
“Forgive me, Lila,” he began. “To shorten a rather lengthy explanation, I was beaten to the brink of death the night I left to solicit more funds from Steven Giles.  This gentleman found me and nursed me back to health. It was a long, laborious process.  Since my recovery, we have discovered that we have a similar goal with our research.  He has offered to back the research in a way that Steven Giles never would be willing to do.  Thus, we are moving to his lab.”
“I see,” Lila said as she warily eyed Rowan.  “Does this gentleman have a name?”
Jasper’s eyes went wide.
“Good grief!” he explained. “I’ve completely lost my manners.  Please forgive me.  Rowan Julian, meet Lila Clarke.”
Lila smiled as Rowan bowed low.
The vampire’s tone was low and sultry enough to cause chills to rush up her spine as he asked, “It is a pleasure to meet you, Lila.” 
Amused with his old-fashioned mannerism, and a bit giddy from the erotic rush that she’d just experienced, she giggled, “Same here.”  Then, satisfied with the information given to her, she hurriedly gathered their test results from the refrigerator.  “Where is this lab?” she asked as she carefully nestled each test result into a large cooler.
“It is in the Catskill Mountains of New York near the Pennsylvania border,” Rowan informed her.
“Where?”  she asked with a scowl. “That’s far.  Too far to commute.”
Jasper rushed to help her complete the task of packing the testing results. 
“I will be staying there,” he admitted.
“What about me?” she said with a tone that sounded hurt and worried.  “Where do I fit in?”
He gave her a look of genuine surprise as he confessed, “I hadn’t thought.”
Lila looked boldly at Rowan and then back at Jasper before blurting out, “Just because I’m an assistant and don’t have “Dr.” in front of my name doesn’t mean that I deserve to be cast aside. I have just as much time, effort, and frustration invested in this research as you do.”
Jasper gave a desperate look in Rowan’s direction.  So far, he’d managed to keep the fact that he was traveling with a vampire secret.  If she pressed the issue anymore, he saw no way around telling her the truth.  What would happen then was anyone’s guess.  Would she scream and force the vampire to bite her?  Kill her?
Beads of sweat formed on the back of his neck and his forehead as his mind went over the myriad of possibilities of what was to come.
“You are welcome to stay and work alongside him as you have been doing,” Rowan said.  “I see no reason to cast you aside. You will make a valuable addition, I think.”
Chapter 8
Rowan eyed Jasper’s young assistant’s curvaceous body with a mixture of lust and regret over inviting her along as he watched her help the scientist load their precious research records into the trunk of the limousine.  He hadn’t considered that one of the factors that plagued a vampire was the need for a steady release of fluids. Just as a consistent intake of blood was necessary for the proper functioning of his body, so was the need for a consistent release of his bodily fluids.  Although there were some vampires who would take in fluids that were not blood, such as alcohol or tea, and urinate them back out as would a human, he didn’t find this to be the most proficient for the balance of his body’s energy flow.  Over the centuries of his existence, he’d discovered that a release through the surge of a powerful orgasm was far more effective as well as pleasurable.  It was not only invigorating and satisfying, but it proved to be the best way for his body’s energy to maintain a steady balance.  With what lay on the line, that balance was necessary more than ever. 
He'd developed a strong appetite for the satisfaction that sex gave him.  Thus, he made it a point to have it several times a day.  He’d tried having sex with both the male and female vampires of his family, but the emotional attachments that they developed for him proved cumbersome.  So, as with his feeding, he’d have women brought in from the human population.
They were ensorcelled so that they recalled nothing of the service that they provided for him.  He found it a far more efficient way to handle things.
Now, as he slid into the limousine next to this voluptuous female whose blood smelled like nectar and whose nearness made him so hard that he felt he’d explode, he had a difficult decision to make.  Should he ensorcell his traveling companions so that he could obtain the release that he sought?  Or should he suffer until they returned to his castle where he knew a human would be awaiting him?
The discomfort and temptation proved too great. Calling for his driver to pull over, he lept out of the vehicle and summoned his driver to do the same.  After explaining his intentions, the driver opened the back of the limousine and sat opposite Jasper out while Rowan did the same with Lila.
To their surprise, Jasper proved far more difficult to ensorcell than the average human.  It was yet another testimony to the fact that he’d become something else. When he felt confident that it was finally done, Rowan exited the car and went to the hood of the vehicle where his driver had positioned Lila in preparation for him.  He carefully took only a small amount of her blood, as his need was more for release than for intake.
Her large breasts felt soft and pliable beneath his hands, making him wish that he’d had a bed for them so that he could comfortably enjoy her body instead of using the hood of the limousine.  He needed minimal foreplay to arouse himself.  His attention to her pert nipples was more to arouse her than him as he preferred the woman to be willing and lubricated when he entered her.  There was also the fact that he found her beauty mesmerizing and tantalizing enough to want to savor and enjoy.
Satisfied with her moans of pleasure, he quickly removed her slacks and panties. When he slid his long, slender fingers into her woman’s shaft, she jerked with pleasure. This only proved to encourage him to delight her just a bit more before he took care of his needs.  Releasing her hardened nipple from his suckling lips, he moved down between her legs.  The temptation to take just a bit more blood from her femoral vein was too great to resist, but, again, he took only a small amount before he rewarded her for her donation to his wellbeing by teasing her sensitive nub with a tongue that had centuries of practice in the art of bringing a woman to an erotic peak.
Lila practically howled with both pleasure and need within seconds. 
Feeling like he was about to explode, Rowan wasted no time pushing his manhood deep inside of her well lubricated shaft. She felt tighter than he’d anticipated.  He was so engrossed in the sensation of her warm, wet shaft that it took him a moment to realize that he'd forced his way through a barrier.  It surprised him to discover that Lila was a virgin.  
Times were different than when he was human.  Sex amongst unmarried people was something that occurred throughout history, but it was more out in the open and acceptable in modern times than when he walked the earth as a mere mortal. The question of why Jasper hadn’t taken her to his bed briefly flashed through his mind before he allowed himself to get lost in the sensations of erotic delight.  
Because he had sex so often, it generally took a goodly number of minutes before he found release.  This wasn’t the case with Lila.  It surprised both him and his driver who’d made himself comfortable in preparation for the wait. Although, neither mentioned it.
Backing away from his prey after completing his release, he allowed his driver to clean up the blood that taking her virginity had produced while ordering him to keep his fangs out of her tender flesh.  Surface blood was all he was allowed.
A brief rush of arousal returned as he admired the woman’s perfect naked physique and remembered the feel of her soft flesh.  It remained just long enough for him to watch his driver’s face greedily dive between her legs before dissipating enough for him to turn his attentions elsewhere.  A brief hint of guilt flashed through him as he looked at Jasper’s still and zombie like body seated patiently in the limousine, but it wasn’t strong enough to make him wish that he’d behaved differently.
He was a vampire with faint memories of humanity.  He was aware that humans tended to put great stock in a woman’s virginity, but the reality of the situation was that vampires harbored an extremely low regard for humans who they considered good for blood and sex only.  Since she was a human of little value other than being a food or sex source, Lila would probably be taken in this way by a number of vampires within his coven over the course of time. In fact, although he was a strong believer in ensorcelling his prey prior to using them for their blood or sex, many of his vampires preferred the rush of the fear and resistance that taking them while fully conscious provided.  Humans referred to the process as rape but for the vampire, it was just the way of things.  
Not only was he not alone in his choice of methods in maintaining body balance, but vampires were by nature highly sexual creatures. They viewed it in a far different way than did humans. To them, having sex was just as necessary as breathing was to humans.  
While waiting for his driver to return Lila to her place in the limousine, Rowan slid into the seat opposite Jasper.
“You are despicable,” Jasper uttered through paralyzed lips.
Shocked at the fact that he’d spoken, Rowan quickly removed the effects of the ensorcell from Jasper. 
“You were aware?” he asked with both surprise and concern.
Jasper nodded as he snarled, “I was unable to move, or I would have stopped you.  Why would you do such a thing to her.  She’s an innocent young woman.”
Shrugging while struggling with a surprising hint of human guilt that threatened to surface in him, Rowan looked away and said, “Vampires require sex more than humans.  It is not the same.”
“She was taken without her consent!” the scientist grumbled.  “Where I come from, that just isn’t done.”
Rowan chuckled, “Where you come from, it most certainly is done.  The difference being that the woman is left with the memories to contend with.  I am careful not to cause such distress. Your pretty little assistant will remember nothing of the service she provided for me.”
“Service?”  Jasper gasped.  “Is this service to be an ongoing thing?”
“She offers no other use,” the vampire admitted.
“She is my assistant,” Jasper snapped. “She most certainly is of use. Not only is she a pretty little assistant, but she’s intelligent and quick minded.  I attribute a good deal of the success I’ve had so far to her help and input.  I need her to be whole, happy, and within her right mind. Something tells me that won’t be the case once you animals are finished with her.”
“Animals?” Rowan repeated with raised brow.  This human was treading on dangerous territory.  Had he been anyone else, his life would have been ended without a second thought for such an insult.  The fact of the matter was that Rowan needed him to continue his research.   Even so, he addressed the insult with a firm and fatalistic tone. “I would be more careful how you speak of the animals who have accepted you into their world.  We are alike in a few ways, but quite different in most.  Just as you look at us as savage, we feel the same about you.  I will not always be around to protect you.  Tossing insults at my coven members could cost you your life.  In fact, more insults of that nature in my direction might make me rethink how valuable you truly are to me.  Am I understood?”
Surprising himself by the aggression he felt and how undeterred he was by Rowan’s obvious threat, Jasper nodded and said, “Just as long as you understand that from this moment on, Lila is off limits.”
Rowan raised a brow but said nothing.
At that moment, the driver opened the door and positioned Lila’s, still ensorcelled, violated body onto the seat next to Jasper.

Chapter 9
The apartment provided to Jasper was located in the far side of the vampire’s castle. The awe that he felt as the limousine drove high above the clouds up the winding mountainous road toward the enormous stone structure that looked as if it was floating in the sky still lingered.  Had he not been so angry with his recently acquired benefactor, he might have been better able to appreciate the awesomeness of his new home and situation.  As it was, he was having difficulty moving past what had happened to his assistant during their drive home. 
He battled with his guilt.  Just as Rowan had assured him, Lila remembered nothing of what happened.  She wasn’t even aware that there had been a gap in the drive from his home office in Philadelphia to their new home hidden deep in the tree laden forest of the Catskill mountains. Unfortunately, he was very much aware of it.  Now, he tortured over whether he should inform her of it or keep quiet and hope that his vampire benefactor would honor his word and refrain from using her in such a way in the future. 
Watching Rowan enjoy her full breasts and inviting womanhood had left nothing to the imagination.  He equated it to the pornography that he’d watched during his teenage years when he was first discovering sex and the female body.  The memory invaded his mind when he least expected it.  To his surprise and humiliation, he found his manhood responded with a need to have her in the same way even though his mind screamed with outrage.  He’d not looked at her in that light before and worried that it could potentially damage their working relationship if he didn’t manage to quell it.  He’d never been placed in a position of this type before.  He didn’t like it.  Not one bit.
He'd demanded to return her to Philadelphia but was told that was not an option. Not only was he informed that Lila could not leave, but it was made clear to him that he wasn’t at liberty to do so either.  He could understand why the vampire wouldn’t want him to leave, but his reasoning for keeping Lila escaped him. 
For the first time since he’d arrived, the fact that he was a prisoner and not a guest was clear. 
He couldn’t help wondering if he’d have been held a prisoner had he not been a scientist doing research that appealed to the vampire.  He would probably never know.
“I should be grateful that I’m not being detained as food,” he mumbled to himself as he unpacked the few personal belongings he’d collected from his house.  “I hope to god that’s not to be Lila’s fate.”
“What about food?” came a female’s voice from the doorway.
He turned with surprise to discover Cora standing in the doorway.  He remembered her from when he was in his sick bed, but he hadn’t recalled her to be so beautiful.  Now that he was well and able to see the world through new eyes, he took a moment to appreciate her beauty.
“Would you like me to provide you with my likeness to hang on your wall?” she asked with obvious sarcasm.
“What?” he stammered.
“You stare at me so,” she murmured. “I thought perhaps you were trying to memorize my looks.  Are you an artist?  Do you plan on painting me?”
“I’m a scientist,” he stammered.  “I apologize for staring.  I just didn’t remember you to be so… so...”
“So?” she said with a smirk.
“So lovely,” he admitted.
Flashing a brief, but warm smile, she sauntered into the room.
“That explains why you were given such a prestigious suite,” she said as she looked around at the lavish furnishings. “This suite is reserved for special guests.  They are preparing a large space with shiny new equipment down the corridor. I assume it is for your use. You must be a special scientist.”
“I guess,” he said with a shrug.
“Jasper, where do I put this?” Lila asked as she bounded into the room with a large cooler containing the research samples that they’d taken from their lab cooler. “I don’t see a cooler anywhere.”  Stopping in her tracks at the sight of Cora, she innocently smiled and added, “Oh, hello.”
Cora noted the curvaceous beauty of the young woman who’d bounded into the room with a hint of hostility.  She could smell Rowan’s essence on her.  Normally, he would send the human away after he was done with her.  The fact that this one was clearly sticking around raised an immediate alarm. The woman obviously worked with Jasper, but she doubted that was the reason Rowan kept her.  She was young, beautiful, and voluptuous. Combining those factors with the matter of his scent being so strong on her that it was clear he’d had her only recently, she quickly deduced that she now had competition.  Since he’d yet to take her to his bed, the fact that he’d had this young thing was doubly disconcerting. 
Doing her best to contain her jealousy, she raised a brow and asked between strained lips, “Who might you be?”
“This is my assistant, Lila,” Jasper offered before turning his attention to the younger woman and adding, “They are setting up a lab down the hall.  Just leave it here for now.”
“But it should be refrigerated,” Lila hesitantly said.
“I doubt they will be much longer,” Jasper assured her.  “It will be fine left in the cooler for that long.”
“This is part of your work?” Cora curiously asked.  
Jasper nodded.  
“It is the core of it,” he informed the vampire’s beautiful ward.  “Without it, we would have to start from the beginning.”
Cora raised a brow.
“Start what?” she firmly asked.
“I am researching the longevity of life through genetics,” he explained. “It seems that the vampire has the same interest.”
“The vampire?” Cora repeated with disdain. “His name is Rowan or Lord Jules.  You would do well to remember that.”
“Yes, yes,” Jasper quickly interjected. “I am terrible with names.  I meant no disrespect.  I’m sorry.”
“I suggest you get better with them right away,” she scolded.
“He said he was sorry,” Lila grumbled.
Cora’s dark eyes flashed with fury at her newly discovered adversary.
“You will not last long around here with that attitude,” she snipped.
Lila’s eyes went wide, and her mouth fell open as she watched the beautiful woman whose name she yet knew because Jasper failed to provide proper introduction storm from the room.
“What is this place?  Where are we, really?” she asked in a loud whisper.  “What is this about a vampire?”
Chapter 10
Lila paced the bedroom that had been assigned to her just down the hall from Jasper’s suite.  She’d inwardly questioned why she wasn’t simply given one of the smaller rooms within his suite but said nothing.  She’d had a secret crush on the handsome scientist ever since she joined him as an intern five years earlier.  She’d hoped that, after her internship ended and she was placed on the payroll as his assistant that things between them might advance.  Sadly, he seemed to have no interest in her other than for the contributions to his research that she was able to provide.
Although she was living in an age of freedom of expression and had the fact that she was a good-looking woman proven to her over and over again by the advances from men who she met during the menial hours away from work that were afforded to her, she’d decided to save herself for “Mr. Right”.   Every fiber of her being told her that Jasper was this “Mr. Right.”  If only he’d recognize it.
Sounds of people moving about as they set up the lab should have been both exciting and reassuring.  Instead, they made her nerves feel frazzled beyond repair. If what Jasper said was true, these weren’t just ordinary workers hired to assemble a lab.  They were blood sucking monsters disguised as humans.  Fear consumed her with every shuffle of feet or scrape of furniture that passed her doorway.
When she’d commented on how human Cora looked to her, he’d said that she was one of the humans who lived within the castle.   Humans actually cohabitated with these creatures!  It was a concept that she found difficult to make peace with.
She believed in the supernatural to some extent.  The fact that she’d secretly joined a coven and was a student of witchcraft proved that.  Even so, the concept of a vampire actually being real was difficult to accept. 
When he sat her down and told her the whole story of how he’d been attacked by werewolves and a real zombie and then rescued by the vampire, she laughed with delight over such a vivid tale being spun.  It wasn’t until his solemn face and lack of laughter registered that she realized he was actually telling the truth.
“I want to go home,” she’d insisted almost immediately upon realizing what type of a place she’d been taken to.
He slowly shook his head and informed her that his request for her to do just that had been denied.
“In fact,” he informed her, “I am also not allowed to leave.” With a heavy sigh, he added, “Where I once thought that I was a guest of my rescuer, I now know that I am his prisoner.  I am so deeply sorry. If only you had not been present when we returned for my files.”
“I was worried about you,” she defensively admitted.  “I went there daily in hopes that you’d return.  Which you eventually did.”
“With a vampire in tow,” he grumbled.  “One who offered me all that I ever wanted in the way of a lab for my research.  It was an offer I couldn’t refuse.”
“If you had refused it,” she asked, “would he have accepted that refusal? Or would he have forced you to do it anyway?”
Jasper looked at the young woman with surprise. 
“You make a valid point,” he replied.
“I think that we would have found ourselves in this situation no matter what,” she complained.  “It was fate.”
“I don’t believe in fate,” he insisted.
“Did you believe in vampires, werewolves, and zombies before all of this happened?” she asked.
“You have a point,” he said with a scowl. “Although, it should have only been my fate, not yours as well.”
“Whether you like it or not,” she forcefully said, “our fates are intertwined.”
She was about to summon up enough courage to admit her love for him when a large, burly man threw open the door of the suite and demanded that he was needed in the lab to inform them of just where to put specific equipment.  He excitedly followed, but not before insisting that she retire to her room and stay there until he returned.
After learning that she was surrounded by vampires, she decided to obey his request.  
She’d tried several times to use her cell phone, but there was no reception within the thick walls.  If she could just reach Benjamin and tell him where she was, she’d feel much better. The fact that Jasper knew nothing about him, or the others, made it even more difficult for her to reach out for their help. So, now she paced, worried, and waited for the only person she trusted in this horrible place to return and offer her some semblance of safety.
Chapter 11
Rowan stretched his long legs in front of him in a casual manner as he watched his ward enter the room.  Cora had matured into a fine specimen of female humanity.  On more than one occasion, he’d considered taking her to his bed, but worried about her becoming too clingy and dependent upon him. It was bad enough to have a vampire cling to him without having to endure the emotions that a human projected.  He could ensorcell her, but he cared too much about her to use her in such a way.
Greeting her with a warm and tolerant smile, he asked, “To what do I owe this pleasure.”
Annoyance was written all over her face as she blurted out, “What is that young woman doing here?  Lila, I believe is her name.  Why are we housing her?”
The mention of Lila brought forth thoughts of the unbelievable sexual release that he’d had with her on the hood of his limousine, and he shuddered with inward delight. He couldn’t recall ever having that type of reaction to sex with a human before. 
Jasper’s insistence that Lila remain off limits in the future made him scowl.  He was lord of his castle and king of his people.  Who was this mere human to tell him what he could and couldn’t do or who he could or couldn’t have?  It was intolerable.  Yet, if he wanted the man to cooperate fully and with no reservation, it was in his best interest to give him this small token.  For now, at least.
After all, the girl was just a mere human.  He had an abundant supply of them at his disposal. It made no sense to anger and alienate his precious researcher over this one girl no matter how much he enjoyed her body or fantastic the sexual release that she provided was.
“She is his assistant,” he replied.
“What is he here for?” she demanded. “He said that he’s doing genetic research.  I do not understand.”
Rowan cocked a brow.
“Am I to run things past you from now on?” he asked with irritation.
Cora had no idea what it was that Rowan was up to, but his defensive mannerism told her that he had no intention of sharing his reasoning with her.  Realizing that she was treading on dangerous territory, she quickly changed her tone of voice and approach.
“Of course not,” she nervously stated. “You owe me nothing.  I owe you.  It is just that he lay on death’s door for so long and then, when he is finally up and around, instead of being turned into a vampire, he is left as a human and given a laboratory with shiny new equipment.  It makes a body curious.”
“He is working on something for me,” Rowan said with decided patience. “If and when he succeeds, I will share it with you.”  Seeing his procurer standing in the doorway of the room, he nodded his head for him to enter.  “Now, if you will excuse me, I have the matter of my body’s care to tend to.”
Cora stepped back to allow Rowan’s procurer, Stanton, to wheel a gurney containing a naked woman into the room. Shedding inward tears of jealousy, she slipped into the far corner as she watched the vampire she loved feed off the woman before taking her sexually.  
She longed to be the woman as he stood at the end of the table and pulled her body to him so that he could easily penetrate her without having to climb onto the gurney atop of her.  He’d removed his shirt to prevent blood soiling it while he fed on her carotid and femoral arteries, allowing Cora to see his strong, lean arms as they held her steady while he pummeled her with his manhood in search of release.
Longing to be the one who brought him sexual release permeated her being.  She’d yet to have sex, but she was certain that it would be fantastic with him.  Even while watching how viciously he used the woman while searching for his orgasm, she just knew it would be right for her; especially if he turned her into a vampire.  Vampires could handle a far greater amount of abuse to their physical body than a human could.
She sucked in air at the sound of his cursing while he complained that sex with Lila had spoiled him for other women.  He’d found erotic satisfaction so quickly with her.  It made the time and effort of finding it with this woman all the more tedious.
Shoving his victim away from him with such force that the gurney crashed against the wall and the woman slid dangerously to the edge of it, he demanded that the procurer bring him a virgin.  Perhaps that would make the difference.
“Virgins are not plentiful in this day and age,” Stanton said in a soft voice.
Rowan’s eyes went red with fury.
“Did I ask you if they were plentiful?”  he bellowed.  “I expect you to return to me with a virgin for my next session.”  Motioning for him to bring the gurney back to him he added, “Bring this one back to me.  I can give it one more try.  Perhaps if I feast a bit more on her blood it will be enough to bring on a sufficient arousal.”
“She has lost a lot of blood already,” Stanton pointed out.  “She could die if you take more.”
Snarling his dissatisfaction over being judged and spoken to in such a way to the extent that his fangs dripped with a mixture of blood and saliva, Jules glowered at his procurer but said nothing.  Getting the message that was said without words, Stanton retrieved the gurney containing the naked and bruised woman and returned it to his master.  Stepping back, he patiently waited to remove whatever the vampire left of the woman from the room.
Cora waited long enough to watch Rowan pull the woman into a sitting position. He spread her legs wide and steadied himself between them so that he could comfortably sink his impalers deep into the soft white flesh of the woman’s neck while entering her once more before seizing the opportunity to step from the shadows and exit the room.  She knew fully that if her vampire benefactor realized that she’d seen a side of him that he’d taken great pains to keep from her, it would not settle well with him.
Tears flowed down her cheeks as she quickly made her way to her room.  She cried for the woman who she guessed would not survive the angry vampire’s assault and she cried for herself.  She couldn’t help loving this violent creature.  There had to be something wrong with her for craving to be on the receiving end of his vampire treatment.  Yet, it was exactly what she’d spent years longing for.  Even after witnessing what she’d just witnessed, she longed to take the place of that woman.
“I am a virgin,” she whispered to herself as she wiped at the tears. “He could have called for me.”
Chapter 12
“What do you know about these vampires?” Lila asked as she settled onto the end of the cozy overstuffed circa nineteen-twenties sofa in Jasper’s suite.  She took a moment to note that, although dated, the suite was tastefully decorated while she waited for his reply.
“I didn’t even believe in vampires until recently,” Jasper replied. “Rowan is their leader or perhaps he is better considered their king.  I’m not sure.  He rescued me from an alley and saved my life.  That’s really all I know. That and the fact that he has a keen interest in developing longevity of life for humans and wants me to shift the genetics of the vampire to closer resemble that of a human.”
“If you believe the folklore, vampires live forever,” Lila mused as she curled her legs and tucked her feet beneath her. “Imagine them being more human.  I wonder what that would be like.”
“I thought the same thing,” Jasper agreed. “He clearly misses his humanity.  He also wants immortality for his humans without them having to become a vampire.”
“Like Cora?” she asked.
He nodded as he picked up a small stack of papers and settled into a club chair that was on the opposite side of the carefully waxed mahogany end table that bordered the sofa.
“Are there a lot of humans?” she persisted.
Jasper shrugged as he focused his attention on the first paper.
“I only met Cora and Bess,” he said. “Then, I was kept in the infirmary the entire time. This is a big place.”
“It’s funny that he keeps humans on staff,” she mused. “Cora is his staff, correct?”
Jasper looked up from his paper.
“Why the interest in Cora?” he asked.
Lila shrugged and gave a mock yawn.  She didn’t want to admit to him that she’d noticed the way he’d admired Cora and was jealous.
“She’s the only human I’ve seen,” she explained.  True, she was jealous, but she was also lonely. “I guess it would be nice to buddy up with a human who is familiar with this place.”
“Well, she is that,” Jasper thoughtfully mused as his eyes combed the words on the paper that he held. “If I’ve deduced correctly, she’s well over a century old.”
Lila sucked in air.  “How can that be?  She doesn’t look much beyond twenty.”
“Rowan explained it to me,” Jasper said, “plus I did a lot of listening while in recovery.  From the conversations between Cora and Bess, they confirmed what Rowan claimed. They get a regular dose of his vampire blood to elongate their lives.  The problem is that only Rowan’s blood works.  There’s something missing in the blood of his offspring.”
“If this is true, we should investigate it,” she said. “We should research it.”
“I was thinking the same thing,” he replied. “I don’t know how adjusting the DNA in the vampire will affect things.  Maybe, if they are more human, their blood will work like Rowan’s or maybe not.  I just want to wait to bring it up until I’m certain the fact that I am not sure of the outcome will be well received.  Our host seems a bit volatile, especially when it comes to a display of flaws on my part.”
“Dangerous?” she said with concern.
“I’ve seen him be both kind and cruel with others and he’s displayed impatience with me,” Jasper said.  “I want to get to know him better.  Then I’ll broach subjects of this nature.  For now, let’s just put our attention on the research at hand.”
“He must have given you his blood to help you heal,” she muttered.
Jasper nodded.
“Then, we don’t need him,” she continued. “We can test your blood.  We have the baseline from before you were attacked…”
“That’s not a bad idea,” he replied.  “First, let’s get things in order for his project.  I’m expecting him to come calling to see how we’re doing, and I want to be set up and operating before that happens.”
“Are you afraid of him?” she asked with concern.
“I’d be a fool not to be,” he replied.  “It’s not just the life of our study that he holds in his hands.  It’s our lives as well.  At any time, he could snap his fingers and snuff us out.  I don’t know about you, but I’d rather not be their food source.”
“He would do that?” she incredulously asked.
“He’s not human, Lila,” Jasper scolded.  “He lost that trait centuries ago.  You need to remember that.  He doesn’t look upon our lives as having value beyond servicing their needs. Don’t expect him to remember or feel humanity anymore.”   
“He seemed so nice during the ride here,” she said.
Her comment brought an immediate vision of her naked body wantonly sprawled across the hood of the limousine as Rowan satiated his sexual needs to mind.  He jolted as his manhood came to life.  Anger and frustration over his response to the vile act he’d witnessed against this poor young woman who he had nothing but respect for raged within him. 
“Are you alright?” she asked as she watched his facial expression shift into something she’d never seen on him before.
Jasper closed his eyes and willed himself back to normal.  He couldn’t understand what was happening with him.  Never before had he harbored such desires.  If he was to give in and follow his urges, he’d toss Lila on the table before them and ravish her with a beastly lust that surprised him.
When he finally felt that it was safe to open his eyes, the scientist thoughtfully eyed his assistant before filling his lungs with air and saying, “He can be.”  Leaning forward, he rested his forearms on the papers in his lap and said with sincerity, “I want you to stay as far away from him and his minions as you can.  Stick to the lab, your room, and this suite.  Promise me.”
“Am I in danger?” she stammered.
“We are both in danger,” he replied.  “Let’s just do the best we can to get the research done and then, hopefully, he’ll release us.”
“I need to ask you something,” she hesitantly said.  When he looked at her with silent expectance, she continued with, “What happened to your face?  Your eyes are darker now… almost brown.  They’re more deep-set and your lips are thinner.”
“It figures that you’d notice,” he sighed with mild exasperation. Her questions were not only going into areas that he’d rather not discuss, but they were keeping him from his work.
“I’ve been with you long enough to know what you should look like,” she said. “Is the change from the vampire blood?”
He gave a slow shake of his head.
“I don’t think it’s entirely from the blood,” he said with slow deliberation. “When I was in the alley, I was attacked by what I thought were men in werewolf and zombie costumes. It was Halloween night, after all,” With a slight chuckle that wreaked of defeat and sarcasm, he added, “It seems they weren’t costumes.”
“Oh, my gawd!” she exclaimed. “Are you telling me that zombies and werewolves are real too?”
“I sure am,” he said with a slight nod as he settled back into his chair and resumed focusing on the papers in his lap.
“Will you turn into a zombie?” she persisted with concern.
“I think that if there was danger of that, it would have happened already,” he replied.  “Rowan is more concerned that I might become a werewolf.  Apparently, I show signs.   The deep-set eyes, for one.”
“So, even though he gave you vampire blood, you could still turn into a werewolf?” she asked with dismay.
He smiled and nodded but never lifted his focus from the papers.
“You’re beginning to get the picture,” he said. “Now, shall we get these research papers back in order?  Time’s wasting.”
Lila stood up and snapped half of the pile from Jasper’s lap as she grumbled, “This is insane.”

Chapter 13 
Lila’s nerves felt frazzled with tension as she listened to the activity on the opposite side of her bedroom door.  She’d secured the lock and turned out all of her lights before crawling into bed.  If she were in her apartment, she’d have been snuggled beneath her thick comforter while watching a little television to help her to unwind.  To her disappointment, not only was there no cell phone service in their monstrous stone prison, but there was no television or internet either.  
She supposed that she should be grateful for the electricity that was supplied. Research without it would have proved difficult.  Even so, she occasionally used the internet to assist with their research.  Where television might be considered a luxury, if they were to work efficiently, the internet was a necessity. There was also the matter of no cell phone service.  She needed one or the other in order to connect with the leader of her coven, Darryl, who was sure to be missing her by now.  Since the internet was probably the easier thing to obtain, she intended to broach the topic of suggesting it be installed with Jasper first thing in the morning.
Lying in the dark, she focused on the light that filtered through the small gap between the floor and the bottom of the door. Shadows danced back and forth as vampires moved about.  
Do they ever sleep? She thought with frustration. 
The stories all had them as nocturnal beings.  From what Jasper had said, most of the stories about the vampires were incorrect.  It figured that this would be one of the few that was accurate.  
The temptation to pop her head out of the door and beg for silence gnawed at her, but she refrained from succumbing to it.  Jasper’s warning had been clear.  Although they were well aware of her entering the castle, reminding them of her presence and pointing out the fact that she was alone and vulnerable could prove suicidal.
Punching at her pillow until she had it full and fluffy, she buried her head beneath it to help muffle the annoying sounds.  It took some time, but she eventually fell asleep.
She stretched her body to its fullest length.  The satin sheets that adorned the enormous bed felt both comforting and arousing against her bare flesh. Strong hands gently stroked her arms before moving to her neck and face.  She moaned with pleasure as she adjusted the angle of her head so that her cheeks could enjoy the full benefit of the caress.
Lips replaced the light touch of the hands with equal gentleness.  Although it was comforting, it was maddeningly erotic. She squirmed her torso in silent desire for those lips to seek out other parts of her body.
When the gentle hands settled on her breasts and began to knead them until her nipples hardened with desire, she moaned for the lips to leave her face and neck and follow the hands.
As they did just that, she shuddered with delight.  The lips were now suckling her nipples while the hands were stroking her abdomen.  It contracted with such a powerful need that she jolted with surprise.
Spreading her legs wide, she sighed as long fingers moved between them and settled on her womanhood.  She lifted her hips to meet them as they slid deep inside of her. 
Almost wild with desire, she moved her hips against the fingers in an effort to ease the demand for release that her womb screamed out for.
She felt a piercing pain on her breast, but instead of breaking the mood, it aroused her all the more.
Sucking in air, she spread her legs wider to accommodate the body that settled between them.  A gasp of both surprise and pleasure escaped her lips as she felt the hardened manhood of the lover who she’d yet to identify slide deep inside of her.  
It took a moment for her to adjust to the rhythm of his pumping, but she was eventually able to move in unison with him.  The result was an explosion of pleasure that was so beyond description that she didn’t even bother to try to understand it.
She could feel the sticky moistness of their sex juices as they mixed and mingled when he pulled out of her and slid off the bed.
A few short moments later, she felt the soothing warmth of a moist cloth cleansing all evidence of their sexual coupling from her womanhood.  She spread her legs wide to allow the cloth’s access to her inner walls. The sensation of the warm cloth covering the finger that carefully wiped at the juices was so gentle as to be erotic, causing her to moan with pleasure.  A low, masculine chuckled preceded a declaration of her beauty before the cloth disappeared and the room went silent.
Realizing that she was once again alone, she tugged the satin sheets up over her satisfied breasts and fell into a deep, satiated slumber.
The sun was just rising when Lila opened her eyes.  A vague memory of her erotic dream flashed through her mind. She rarely remembered her dreams, but this was so vivid that it seemed real. So real, in fact, that she found herself lightly massaging her rose tipped nipples in an attempt to replicate the erotic sensation that she remembered so well.
When she succeeded in causing her womb to cramp with mild desire, she reached down and cupped the soft mound of her womanhood.    With her free hand, she squeezed and pulled at her nipple and then kneaded at her thick breast while she vigorously rubbed at her sensitive nub.  Before long, she was raising her hips toward the ceiling while her body peaked with a mild orgasmic explosion. 
When she was finished, she stared at the ceiling.  She felt both surprise and disgust over what just occurred. Yanking her hands from her body, she sat up in bed.  What had gotten into her?  Could the sexual electricity that seemed to permeate the castle be affecting her? Masturbation was something that she’d never tried.  Could it be something that she’d taken to doing in her sleep while imagining it to be a man doing it to her?  Was this to be a new pattern?
As she tossed back the coverings and the air hit her bare flesh, she gasped with concern when it suddenly struck her that she was naked.  She’d worn a nightgown to bed.  What happened to it?
Leaping onto the floor, her eyes frantically searched for her nightgown.  Spotting it in a heap not far from the bed, she sighed.  She must have removed it in her sleep and then tossed it aside.
Shaking her head, she picked up her nightgown and carefully folded it before setting it on a chair that was near the doorway to the oversized closet that had been converted to an ensuite bathroom.  Not large enough to accommodate a tub, it offered a narrow shower stall, commode, and pedestal sink.
She missed her apartment’s roomy bathroom with its large vanity, but she made no complaint.  At least she had a private bath and could clean up without risk of running into one of the castle’s many vampires.
Chapter 14 
The brilliance of the newly installed equipment in the lab with its walls that were recently painted a white so bright as to be borderline blinding was like a slap in Rowan’s face as he strode into the room.  It took several seconds for his sensitive vampire eyes to adjust enough to locate the scientist he’d been fortunate enough to stumble upon in the alley a few months earlier.
Vampires moved with a silent stealth that allowed them to sneak up on their prey.  The fact that Jasper looked up from his microscope to greet him almost immediately upon his passing through the doorway gave Rowan cause for pause.  It was time to learn just what the man he’d rescued in that alley had turned into.  He showed signs of being a vampire, but also those of a werewolf.  
Over the centuries, rumors of vampire-werewolf hybrids had reached his ears, but they were simply rumor.  Or so he thought.  The stories told of the hybrids being born of a vampire-werewolf couple.  It was a rare occurrence, since the werewolf and the vampire were enemies, but it did occasionally happen.  He’d never heard of a human turning into one from wounds that were inflicted.  
There was also the matter of the zombie attack.  Jasper showed no signs of impairment from it.  He needed to get to the bottom of what was going on with his scientist.  Perhaps a summons of his long-time friend and ancient witch, Cerie, was in order.  If anyone could get to the truth of the matter, it was Cerie.
“This is quite impressive,” Jasper said with a satisfied smile as he stood from his stool and moved into the isle that separated his study table from a row of floor to ceiling glass front refrigerators.  “You said that I’d have the best of the best, but I never imagined this.”
“It should help you progress more speedily,” Rowan replied as he inspected various equipment with his eyes and hands.  “I have watched science progress over the centuries.  It is really quite marvelous.”  Stopping in front of a cooler that faced a table containing multiple computers, he raised a brow and asked, “These are the results of what you have already accomplished in your research I believe?”
Jasper nodded.
“I should like to sit down with you soon and learn just exactly what that is,” the vampire said.
“Of course,” Jasper hesitantly replied.  Although he was grateful for the financial backing, he didn’t know or trust this vampire enough to want to share his research results with him.  Not yet anyway. Sadly, he saw no way around it.
“Whose blood is in these vials?” the vampire asked.
“Mostly mine,” Jasper replied.  “I ran out of funds to pay trial participants, so I used myself.”
“I see,” Rowan mused.  “Were you happy with the results?”
“Trials are better performed over a period of time with a variety of subjects,” Jasper replied. “I’d be happier if I had a dozen or so participants and a year to study.”
“The participants can easily be arranged,” Rowan said matter-of-factly. “As for the study time, I fear you might have to step things up a bit.”
Jasper scowled.  No matter how much he wanted to move forward with his research, he simply couldn’t abide with forcing people to be his Guinea pigs. Nor did he appreciate being rushed with his research.  He knew he was risking quite a bit, including the possibility of losing his life, but he felt compelled to speak up.
Filling his lungs with air, he said, “I insist that they be volunteers, not forced or compelled.”
“Compelled?” Rowan said with a wry grin.
“You know,” Jasper agitatedly replied, “ensorcelled.”
“I only ensorcell humans for the purpose of food and sex,” the vampire impatiently said.  “Besides, your subjects will be vampires, not humans.”
“No humans at all?” Jasper asked with surprise.
With a serious expression that left no room for arguments or questioning, Rowan replied, “Vampires first.  Humans second.”
Not only did he not have the sufficient number of humans for Jasper’s research, but, after much thought, he decided that having his vampires be able to mix and mingle with humans in a similar fashion as did the werewolves might give his people the advantage needed to conquer the enemy once and for all.  Giving them the gift of a shift in their DNA would cover many bases and offer a number of rewards.  Even if they never got to the humans, if he could correct the vampire DNA, he wouldn’t feel so badly about the human having to turn in order to obtain immortality.
Jasper was unable to continue his objections with a complaint about having to rush his study when Cora confidently strode into the room and asked, “Humans second for what?” 
With his eyes unable to avoid admiring Cora’s striking good looks and pleasing figure, Jasper replied, “In my research.”
“About that,” Cora said as she settled her backside against the edge of a desk. “Just what is the purpose of your research?”
Before Jasper could respond, Rowan moved forward and took Cora by the wrist.  His grip was gentle, but firm.
“This is not a concern of yours,” the vampire insisted in a firm, but quiet tone.  “In fact, this is the last you are to venture into this lab.  Am I understood?”
Without waiting for her to reply, Rowan began escorting her out of the room.  Jasper could hear her low-voiced complaints as she obediently allowed him to gently guide her through the open lab door.  It lasted until they’d turned a corner at the end of the long corridor.
“He sure is a strange one,” Lila said as she entered the room through the door that was adjacent to Jasper’s suite.
“She doesn’t fear him,” Jasper thoughtfully said.
“Maybe she has a death wish,” Lila said with a shrug as she moved to the computer and turned it on.  “This is a sweet piece of equipment.  Did we get internet yet?”
“In a few days, I think,” Jasper replied as he returned to his microscope.  Repositioning himself on his favorite stool, he added, “Bring me a sample of the last blood taken from me before I disappeared, will you?  I want to compare it to my blood now.”
Chapter 15
Cora was livid. Ever since Rowan had returned with that half-dead scientist. The dynamics of her home had changed.  It was a subtle change that most would probably either not notice or ignore, but she did notice, and she couldn’t ignore it. 
Compared to the other ancient vampires that she’d met over the years with him, Rowan lived modestly.  She’d never seen him shower a vampire with as many expensive things as he had the human.  She wasn’t a scientist and had limited exposure to the modern world, but she knew quality when she saw it.  
Now, if rumor was correct, he’d actually ordered internet to be installed.  Internet!  She’d lost count of the number of requests she had made for just such a luxury since she’d learned about it.
Her blood boiled as she remembered hearing the whispers that the internet was a request from the scientist’s pretty, young assistant.  Jokes about how great the sex with the pretty human must be for the master to succumb to such a request flowed freely.  Modern technology was something that Rowan had adamantly resisted putting into his castle.  It took decades of convincing before electricity was finally installed.
“What’s next?” she mumbled.  “Television?”
“Are we getting television?” Bess excitedly squealed as she strode into the room and positioned herself in one of the winged backed chairs near the fireplace.  “I watched a humorous show while having tea in a small shop a few years back.  I went shopping for incidentals with Edgar and finished before him, so I slipped into this tiny café.  They had a television mounted on the wall in the corner of the room.  It was a delightful experience.”
“What?” Cora scowled as she realized that she was no longer alone.  Her voice took on a sarcastic tone as she continued with, “No. No we are not getting a television.  Not unless that young and pretty assistant to the mad scientist requests it.”
“I believe her name is Lila,” Bess matter-of-factly said.
“Slut is more like it,” Cora sneered.  “From what I hear, she got internet installed because she is giving Rowan good sex.”
“Are you jealous?” Bess cautiously asked.  “Why?”
“I do not understand why he goes elsewhere for his sex when I am here and willing,” Cora admitted.
“He feels for you like no other,” Bess assured her.  “The fact that he refuses to soil you by taking you for his sexual release should be testimony to that.”
“Times have changed,” Cora scoffed.  “Sex is done out of wedlock all of the time. I love Rowan.  I would gladly give over my body in service to him.  I could care less about what others think.”
“Truly?” Bess asked with concern. “Do you mean to say that you would not mind the jokes that are being said about Lila’s sexual favors being passed about on your behalf?  You would be fine with the snickers and lustful sneers from the vampires as you pass through the corridors? Or the pokes and grabs at your private parts when the master is not about?  You have their respect now because you have been treated such by the master.  Should he place you in the category of a common human, do you really think that respect would remain? In all the centuries that I have been with Master Rowan, I have only seen him take a human as a lover a few times.  It never lasts.  He prefers the variety and non-intimacy of strangers.  I have watched him grow tired of his lovers, both human and vampire, and then toss them out to be used by the vampires in abominable ways. Once you are shunned by him, you fall very low from grace.  Is that what you desire? Use your head girl.”
“Why is it that he seeks release and balance through sex when the other vampires allow their bodies to function like a human’s would?” Cora complained.
“Do you speak of the bodily functions like urinating and defecating?” Bess asked with humor.
“Or, as others might say, peeing and pooping,” Cora childishly spat.
“They are few, but some vampires choose to remove themselves as far from humanity as possible. I believe that Master Rowan is one of them,” Bess thoughtfully stated.  “I overheard him discussing the fact that he does not enjoy being a slave to bodily functions such as defecating and urinating.  He finds sex far more effective in keeping his body in balance and definitely more enjoyable. Therefore, he refrains from eating foods like a human would and lives on a strict diet of blood and alcohol.  Any buildup of fluids from the alcohol is released through sex.”
“If he ate food like the others do, he’d be better able to interact with humans,” Cora offered.  “He’d just have to refrain from letting them touch him to feel his body temperature.”
“It would make sense,” Bess mused.  “I’m only guessing, but I think it might be because he wishes to stay as removed from a werewolf as possible.  They eat, drink, and mingle with humans at dinner parties.  I have a feeling he prefers to avoid mingling with them.”
“He has no reason to mingle with them.  He can spot a werewolf a mile away,” Cora protested. 
“Only because he keeps his vampire attributes sharp.  Eating food and drinking something other than blood or alcohol would dull them,” Bess explained. “He could still detect a werewolf, but certainly not as easily and from a distance.”
Cora scowled thoughtfully before saying, “I had no idea.”
“So, you see, there is no reason for you to be jealous,” Bess said with a smile as she stood to make her leave.  “You are queen of the castle and shall remain so.”
Cora watched as Bess moved around the room, stopping to tidy or adjust a cushion or pillow.
“Have you ever had sex?” she blurted out.
Bess stopped with her back to the younger woman. Her breathing looked labored as silence permeated the room.  When she finally turned to face Cora, she wore an expression of grief.
“I was once a wife and a mother,” she said in a soft and sad voice.  
“How did you end up with Rowan?” Cora asked.  “You never did say.”
“You never asked,” Bess said through pursed lips, “for which I have been grateful.”
“Oh,” Cora hesitantly said. “I apologize.  You need not speak of it if you care not to.”
“I still carry the sadness if I allow myself to remember,” Bess admitted.  “Fortunately, there is little in this place to bring those memories to the surface.”
“Life is very different now, is it not?” Cora said with a light-heartedness that was intended to bring Bess out of the dark mood she’d inadvertently caused.
“That it is,” Bess replied.  As she headed for the door that would take her to the infirmary, where yet another rescued soul lay healing, the old woman said over her shoulder.  “It was late in the day in the year thirteen-eighty-six.  I was traveling with my family home from a trip to the village when we were attacked by a band of robbers.  Master Rowan came along in time to rescue me, but not before my two children and husband were murdered and I was raped by several of the bandits.”
Cora’s mouth fell open with surprise, but she remained silent as she watched her long-time friend leave the room with her shoulders slumped, but her head held high.
Chapter 16
It was eerily quiet on the opposite side of the thick bedroom door as Lila listened for some signs of life.
Flattening her ear against the mahogany barrier, she strained to hear something… anything.  There was only silence.  
Creepy.  Creepy silence.
She needed to take action.  Having such a void of activity in this part of the castle was a rarity that hadn’t occurred since she’d taken up residency.  The set up of the lab was completed, so perhaps that meant the end to all of the activity.  Or, perhaps it was simply a fluke, and an opportunity of this type may not come again for a long time, if ever. It was now or never.
Her heart lashed against her ribcage as she slowly opened the door just enough to peek out.  Not stopping at her chest, the damnable thing proceeded to climb up into her head and beat in tom-tom fashion against her eardrums, making it nearly impossible to listen for sounds of any type.  She had no choice but to rely on her eyes.
After reassuring herself that the dimly lit hall was actually empty of roaming vampires or centuries old humans, she cautiously slipped through the narrow opening that she’d created and gently closed the door.
Her breathing sounded loud enough in her ears as to compete with the pounding of her heart as she scurried to the lab. What normally seemed like a short jaunt now felt like the longest mile as she forced her legs to carry her as quickly and quietly as possible to her destination.
At the faint sound of footsteps in the distance that somehow managed to supersede the noise her body was creating in her ears, she quickly flattened herself against the back of a shallow alcove in the wall that housed an ancient looking bust of a man who she assumed meant something to Rowan until she was confident that there was no one coming and could continue.  Since vampire hearing was far more acute than that of a human, she forced her breathing to quiet down. 
Suddenly regretting her decision to sneak off to the lab to use the internet, she visually measured the distance between herself and the lab door.  Then, she did the same with her bedroom door.  Deciding that she was closer to the lab, she forced her legs back into action.
Since it was her habit to leave the lab and end her day in bed and asleep long before him, Lila experienced an intense last-minute panic. She practically hyperventilated as she questioned whether or not Jasper had locked up upon his exit for the night as she grabbed onto the doorknob.  To her relief, he hadn’t.
Weaving her way through the generous number of lab tables and their equipment, she stopped in front of the newly installed computer.  Positioning herself securely on the stool that she’d used earlier while working on the computer, she turned it on and quickly muted the sound.  The internet had only just been installed that afternoon.  She’d eagerly tested it out with Jasper looking over her shoulder.  
She needed to contact Benjamin and tell him of her whereabouts, but, up until recently, she hadn’t been confident with the idea of sharing her association with witches with Jasper.  He’d always given her the impression that he considered the world of occultists to be filled with frauds and emotionally dysfunctional persons. It was only because Jasper was associating with vampires that she felt he’d changed his opinion and she could confide in him that she was a witch who belonged to a coven that was run by a man named Benjamin Whitehall. She’d almost confessed this fact to him a few times since their arrival.  To her frustration, every time she tried to bring it up, someone or something would interrupt them.
Since most of the coven members had day jobs, the evenings were when they’d gather either online or in person to meet and share.  Ben, the high priest, was a night owl, so she was almost guaranteed to find him online.
Logging into their site, she posted that she needed to speak privately with him.  It was only a few minutes before the high priest responded, but they were long and tortuous ones as she kept an ear alerted for the sounds- or lack of them- in the halls.
Instead of saying hello and asking how she was, the words, Where are you? immediately popped up in the conversation box.
She pursed her lips as she focused on the best way to explain what was happening.  Finally settling on an abbreviated version of the truth, she was relieved that Ben believed in the supernatural and wouldn’t think her crazy as she typed: My boss hooked up with a vampire lord and we’re being housed in his castle.
What do you mean? I thought he was anti-occult. Ben typed. How could that happen? What vampire? Where?
A sudden wave of exhaustion overtook her.  Feeling a sense of urgency to return to her bed, she quickly typed: It’s a long story on how it happened.  The vampire is funding Jasper’s research. I don’t think we’re able to leave at will.  I’ve been confined to a wing of the castle.
She could feel his panic in the words as they appeared on the screen: You’re in a castle?  Where?  We’ll come for you. 
Even though it had been her intention to call for rescue, she suddenly wanted no part of it. The only thing that she wanted was to return to her bed. So, she quickly typed: Not yet.  We are near a breakthrough with the research.  The lab is state of the art.  I’ll let you know when I want to leave.  I have to go now.  I will contact you again in a few days.
Every day! he wrote.
She pursed her lips.  She knew that Ben had romantic feelings for her, but they were one sided.  She felt only respect and admiration for his skills with magic.  Her heart was set on Jasper.
Filling her lungs with air and opening her eyes as wide as possible as she struggled to stay awake, she typed: It isn’t easy to find a way to contact you. I’m rarely alone, but I’ll try in a few nights.
Upon seeing his response of I’ll watch for you nightly, she disconnected from the site and turned off the computer.  The exhaustion that threatened to overtake her drove her back to her room in record time.  
Easing herself between the satin sheets that seemed to be all that the castle had to offer as far as bedding, she fluffed her pillow, closed her eyes, and immediately fell into a deep slumber.
He was back.  His familiar lean body gently positioned over her. She was naked again, but she didn’t mind.  The sensation of satin as it teased her flesh mingled with his caresses as his lips embraced hers in a long, languid kiss.  The result was an immediate erotic arousal that made her mad with want for more.
When the kiss finally ended, his sharp fangs impaled her neck.  She emitted a moan of painful pleasure as he sucked blood through the puncture wounds. She arched her back to indicate that her breasts were in need of attention.  His hands immediately cupped them. At first, their kneading was light and gentle, but soon it grew vigorous and intense.  Gasping from both pain and pleasure, she pleaded for relief from the desire for more intense attention.
Removing his mouth from her neck, he pierced his finger and ran its bloody tip over the puncture wounds.  Within seconds they were healed, leaving no signs of ever occurring.
He wrapped his lips around her pert nipple and teased it with his tongue while his hand slipped between her thighs.  Moaning with erotic delight, she squirmed beneath him while begging that he drink from her some more.  A gasp of pleasure mixed with pain escaped her lips as he sank his fangs into her meaty breast.
As he’d done with her neck, when he’d finished tasting of her, he healed the wound and moved to a new body part.
With his hand between her legs, he teased her sensitive nub with his strong thumb while his long fingers prepared her inner womanhood for him.  Her hips arched toward the ceiling, giving him easy access to her tender flesh.  
With a low growl, he sank his fangs deep into her inner thigh. She jerked with surprise from the pain, but he held her thigh in place with an iron grip with his free hand.  He greedily drank while he continued to give her womanhood the attention needed to bring her to an erotic height.
It was a new experience for her that was confusing at first.  It took a few moments before she moved past the fact that she could feel a serious amount of blood being taken from her and allowed herself to get lost in the explosion of ecstasy that was occurring.
When he could sense that she was about to orgasm, he quickly rammed his hardened manhood deep into her.  She met his thrusts with equal fervor.  She had the sensation of their bodies floating above the mattress, but she was so wrapped up in the greediness of wanting all he had to give that she paid little attention to it.
When he was finished, he remained atop of her for a brief moment before gently moving back to her leg and healing the wounds as he’d done with the others.
She lay in languid bliss as she watched him rise from the bed.  With a gentle smile on her face, she listened to him declare his admiration for her beauty before closing her eyes and enjoying the process of the warm washcloth as it cleaned away all signs of their sexual tryst.  She could hear his soft movements as he left the room before she slipped into a satiated slumber.
In the beginning, feeling uncomfortable discussing her dreams with Jasper and with no other friends to confide in, she made sense of her erotic dreams by the fact that she was surrounded by vampire energy that was highly sexual. Since she was a virgin who’d only read about sex in books, she assumed that she was reenacting scenes from the novels.  As for the drinking of her blood, well, she was surrounded by blood sucking energy which probably influenced her dreams.  She found the fact that she’d begun to look forward to them extremely disturbing.  
She couldn’t deny the lingering sensation of pleasure that stayed with her long after her dreams ended.  The desire to have the erotic explosion return to her while in waking state made her anguish over whether or not she should masturbate again, but she thought better of it.  Masturbation was something that she’d never considered before the dreams began and she didn’t know how she felt about it.  Her upbringing didn’t encourage such actions which only added to her confusion and emotional discomfort.
She had no idea why it was happening with her to cause such a sleep pattern.  Waking up naked after the erotic dreams with the same faceless vampire seemed to be a nightly occurrence since she’d entered the castle.  She had no idea how to stop the dreams and had no one to discuss the situation with.  
Chapter 17
Jasper’s dark eyes lit up as an enthusiastic grin practically consumed his square jawed face while greeting his assistant.
“Of all mornings for you to be late,” he eagerly said as he jumped up from his microscope and directed her to look through it.  “Take a look.”
With a slight limp, she made her way toward him.  She smiled as she moved between him and the end of the equipment laden table that held the microscope.  
Lila had been harboring an unrequited attraction for her boss since day one of her working with him.  His handsome face often made her heart flutter with desire.  Even so, the surge of energy from his body was something that she’d never experienced before.  It both surprised and aroused her.  She stopped for a brief moment to subdue the stirring that suddenly occurred in her womb before moving on.  It was a familiar sensation that reminded her of her dreams.  With a quick catch of her breath, she willed her womanhood to behave and continued toward the microscope.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.  “Why are you limping?”
Relieved that her limp was all that he noticed, she shrugged her shoulders as she pressed her eyes against the scope.
“I must have pulled something in my sleep,” she explained.  “What am I seeing?  Whose blood is this?”
“What do you think you’re seeing?” he asked in an excited but serious manner.
She looked up from the sample and scowled.
“I don’t know what to think of this,” she complained.
“It’s my blood,” he informed her. “It’s mutated.  I’ve mutated.”
“We knew that,” she said in a flat tone.
“Not to this extent we didn’t,” he said. “From what I can tell, I’ve not only taken on certain traits of a vampire and a werewolf, I suspect that I am immortal.”
“What?” she exclaimed.  “For real? So, you’re no longer human?”
“That’s just it,” he eagerly offered.  “I still have human traits.  It’s like I’m human, vampire, and werewolf all rolled up in one package.”
“That’s insane!” she excitedly gasped.
He nodded as he held his finger to his lips.
“I’d rather not share this information quite yet,” he whispered. “I still need to confirm my suspicions.  If I’m correct, I’m not sure how our host will take the werewolf part of the news. Plus, I have no idea how I got this way.  Well, I do know, but I don’t know yet how to replicate it.  I’d rather not have too much pressure placed on me.”
“Not to mention the fact that werewolves or lycans or whatever they call them are not very popular around here,” she added.
“That too,” he said.  Rushing to the cooler for another sample of his blood that they’d brought with them, he added, “We’d seen a slight change in my blood before I was attacked.  Let’s see if that was the catalyst to what’s happened to me.  Shall we?”
Jasper was both excited and at a loss over what to think about his new discovery.  He’d been searching for a way to elongate life for years, but it was never supposed to be by altering a human in such a way.  He hoped to find a way to isolate whatever it was that gave him immortality from the werewolf and vampire cells. Unfortunately, he hadn’t a clue where to begin.
It was Lila’s levelheaded thinking that jumped started them in the right direction.  She suggested they separate the three cells and work on them one by one.  Once the separation was accomplished, she compared the vampire cells from Jasper with those of the samples taken from the vampire volunteers that Rowan had provided.
“We need werewolf blood,” she mused.
“Let’s focus on what we have to work with already first,” he said.
“They look different,” she said as she stepped away from the microscope to allow Jasper the opportunity to view the slide that contained both his and a vampire volunteer’s blood.
“How different?” he muttered as he peered through the scope.  Scowling, he lifted his face from the scopes and added, “It’s my understanding that Rowan’s blood acts differently than the blood of the vampires that he created.  He’s the only one who can elongate the humans’ lives. It’s his blood that I was given.  I need to compare mine with that.  Did we ever get a sample from him?”
Lila quickly searched the labels of the blood vials and shook her head.
“I don’t see anything with his name on it and I don’t remember drawing from him.  Do you?” she asked.
He slowly shook his head and said, “Looks like we’ll have to summon him for a few samples.”
“What do you plan on using as a reason?” she anxiously asked.
She couldn’t explain why, but the idea of being in close proximity gave her an eager excitedness.
“I’m going to say the facts minus what we’ve discovered,” Jasper explained.  “His blood is unique with it’s life elongating qualities.  I need to study it.”
Chapter 18
The muscles in Marcus’ powerful thighs strained against the fabric of his faded denim jeans as he impatiently paced the anteroom of the great hall. The excited chattering and grumbling of his clan as they gathered together on the opposite side of the oak veneered door made him eager to get in front of them and share the news.
Since he became the pack master a few years earlier, the werewolves had made huge strides in bringing the enemy to their knees.  What held them back was the fact that the vampires had managed to keep the location of their castle secret through magic. Now that they’d finally discovered a witch who could show them the location of the vampire’s castle with a locator spell, he had no doubt they would be able to finish the job.
The door opened just enough to allow a young man to pop his head through and announce to Marcus that it was time for him to address the crowd.  Moving his shoulders in a way that would release any tension they might have been holding, he adjusted the button on the collar of his neatly pressed plaid shirt that he’d put on to replace the tee shirts that he normally wore and pulled the door open.  
There was a crudely constructed stage that rose about two feet above the floor with a podium waiting for him.  With an energetic zeal, he lept onto the stage and strode to the podium. This sound of the thick soles of his work boots slamming against the wooden structure echoed in his ears. Once in front of the crowd, he waited for them to take notice of him and settle down.  It was exciting to see the many new faces in the crowd.
“I see we have grown since our last gathering,” he announced with satisfaction.  “Welcome.” Clasping his hands behind his back, he slowly walked back and forth behind the podium as if thinking.  When he stopped, he turned to the crowd and bellowed, “The war between the vampire and the wolves has been a constant for centuries. Long before I joined the pack and accepted the task of pack master.  Long before all of you were born.”
“Not me,” shouted a female from the back of the crowd. “I was one of the original werewolves cast out.”
Marcus stopped short.  Had he heard correctly?  Was there really a werewolf in the crowd who was centuries old?  How could that be?
A slow murmuring spread through the room.
“Who said that?” he demanded.
He watched as the sea of wolves slowly parted to allow a petite female to make her way toward the stage with regal fashion.  Whispers abounded as they closed the gap once she’d passed through the clearing they’d made for her.
Marcus stared into the dark, doe-like eyes of a woman who looked to be in her mid-forties. Even if he hadn’t been informed of her true age, he would have made note of how well she’d held onto her looks.  Her skin was practically flawless, with only a few wrinkles around the eyes and mouth.  Her waist length, thick black hair shone like a raven’s feathers.  It looked fresh, young, and healthy.  The thin grey streak down the left side of her head, just in front of her ear, could have just as easily been created at a beauty salon, as he’d seen it done on many a young woman.
His thick brows knit together with annoyance as he asked, “What’s your name?”
“I’m Freya,” she replied with a matter-of-fact tone.  
“Well, Freya,” he sneered.  “What kind of game are you playing?”
Holding her shoulders square and her head high, she boldly looked him in the eye and declared, “No game.”
The murmurs of the wolves grew louder.  They included accusations that ranged from her being a spy to her being an escapee from a nut house and a few things in-between.
Holding his hands high to indicate that the crowd settle down, Marcus directed his attention at Freya.
“Although it is true that a werewolf can live for years that far exceed that of a human, he cannot live for centuries as you claim,” he insisted.
“Says who?” she boldly asked.
Stumped on how to answer this, he stood with his mouth slightly ajar but said nothing.
Pointing to the stage, Freya asked, “May I?”
Marcus made a sweeping motion with his hands to indicate his invitation for her to join him.
Once she was standing next to his six-foot-two-inch muscular physique, her petite five-feet-one-inches was even more apparent.  This was also something that wasn’t often found amongst werewolves.  They were strong, powerful beings.  The women averaged a height of five-feet-four inches to five-feet-seven inches and the men generally ranged between five-feet-nine inches and six-feet with a few, like Marcus, even taller.
Laughter broke the silence when a jeer came from somewhere in the crowd that if she truly was one of them, she had to have been the runt of the litter.  
Rather than be insulted, Freya joined them in laughter.  When things calmed down once more, she filled her lungs with air.
“My name is Freya Toba,” she announced with a clear voice.  “I stopped keeping track of my age when I reached five-hundred years.  I am one of the few remaining original werewolves who were cast into this dimension by King Landon.”
“Who is King Landon?” someone shouted.
Freya’s eyes went wide as she asked, “Do you not know your own history?”  She looked at Marcus who wore an expression of chagrin as he looked away.  “You do know that the lycan – or as you modern folks like to call us, werewolf- are not originally from here.  We are earthlings, but not of this dimension.”
“What nonsense is this?” bellowed a mature, white-haired man from the front row.  
She looked directly at him and said in a steady voice, “No nonsense.  Just fact.” Then, turning her attention back to the room, she continued with, “There are several layers of vibration, called dimensions, on earth.  Each exists at the same time, but without awareness of the other.”
When a loud humph came her way, she asked for a quarter.  Marcus searched his pockets and presented her with one.
Holding the quarter high in the air, she said, “Does everyone see this quarter?  Is it real?  Solid?”  When the crowd responded to her questions with a unified ‘yes’, she balanced the quarter on its side on the edge of the podium and spun it hard.  It quickly became barely visible. “What about now?  Does it look solid now?”  When they agreed that it did not, she stopped the quarter’s spinning and held it high again as she said, “Yet, it is quite solid.  This is how the dimensions work.  They vibrate so that each one is not aware of the other.  If we were to speed up the vibration rate of this dimension that we live in, we would be able to see the one that the werewolf came from.”
“Why were they kicked out by this king?” someone asked.  “What did they do?”
Freya smiled. “That is a long story for another time.  Just know that the werewolf and the vampire were both kicked to this blasted dimension which, by the way, sucks compared to our homeland, and each blames the other for this tragedy.  That is what began the war and fueled the hatred.”
“I thought that we were just natural enemies,” Marcus mused.
“The reason for our war is so old and faded that it is difficult to find the truth of it unless you are familiar with it as I am,” she explained.  “Believe it or not, at one time, the vampire and the werewolf were friends and allies. So much so that we intermingled species.”
“Like a hybrid?” someone bellowed with both surprise and disgust.
Freya raised a brow and gave a small smirk.  
“Would that be such a bad thing?” she asked.
“They’re an abomination,” someone sneered.
“I have heard that they exist, but I’ve never met one,” Marcus murmured.
She turned to face him and said in a strong, determined voice, “You will.”
Chapter 19
Samuel’s voice expressed a mixture of excitement and dread as he strode into the room and announced, “Word has it that an original werewolf has joined with Marcus.” 
Rowan rested the papers he’d been studying and asked, “Is the source reliable?”
Samuel nodded.
“I know of only a few originals, both vampire and werewolf in existence today,” Rowan mused. “Did you get a name?”
The younger vampire scowled in thought.
“I cannot be certain, but I believe the name is Toba or Tova,” he grumbled with a shake of his head.  “The name escapes me.”
“Who gave you this bit of information?” Rowan suspiciously asked.  “Better yet, what were you doing when you received it that you cannot recall it in its entirety?”
A devilish grin spread on Samuel’s face as he said, “I was fucking at the time.”
“A werewolf?” Rowan asked with outrage.
“It is not easy to infiltrate for information,” Samuel said with a shrug.
After taking a moment to quell his anger, Rowan said, “I suppose you are right.  Just be careful.”
Encouraged by the fact that his admission about having sex with the enemy went over better than expected, Samuel eagerly continued.
“The girl I am fucking is new to the pack.  She’s young and impressionable.  I believe I can get quite a bit of information from her,” he proudly announced.
“How attached are you to this wolf?” Rowan grumbled. 
Although it was rare for a vampire to be able to procreate, it was not impossible.  The last thing he wanted was to hear that his protégé had mated with a wolf and a hybrid ensued.
Samuel huffed out a laugh as he assured his maker that he had no attachment to the girl at all.  
“In fact,” he assured him, “just say the word and I’ll end her.”
Appeased by the offer, Rowan waived a hand in a gesture of dismissal of it as he asked, “How new is she?” 
“She activated her curse about a month ago,” he replied.
“How long have you been seeing her?” the old vampire asked.
“About six months,” Samuel boasted.  “I waited until she hit the correct age and, then, set up the chain of events to trigger her turn… She has no idea.”
“Does she know you are vampire?” Rowan asked with concern.
“Absolutely not,” Samuel replied.
“What does she think you are?” the vampire lord incredulously asked.
“Why, a human, of course,” his underling replied with a touch of arrogance.
“Is she mentally handicapped?” Rowan asked with sincerity. “Since when can a vampire go undetected by a wolf?”
“I found her in a small town with limited opportunities,” Samuel explained.  “I think her dreams of being taken away from it all to see the world supersede any common sense.  That, plus they are not aware of the vampires in her backwoods town, so she had no idea how to identify one.”
“That will change now that she has joined the pack,” Rowan grumbled.  “You must take care.
“I should not boast, but I believe I have stolen her heart to the extent that when she finally does realize what has been her bedmate all of these months it will not matter,” Samuel said with conviction.  
“Let us hope so,” Rowan said.  Then, after a brief silence, he said, “Speaking of fucking.  Someone has been sneaking into our scientist’s research assistant’s room at night.  Do you know who this might be?”
“I was informed correctly.  Was I not?” Samuel asked with concern. “You gave orders to stay clear of her, correct?”
Rowan nodded.
“I do not enjoy having my orders ignored,” Rowan said with a sigh.  “Find out who it is, will you?”
“Are you certain someone is disobeying you?” Samuel asked with emphasis.
“The housekeeper reported the signs she sees each morning to me, so I have had her bring me the sheets,” Rowan explained.  “They reek of sex.”
“Has the girl complained?” Samuel asked.
Rowan shook his head and said, “She is either consenting or being ensorcelled to forget.”
“You fucked her, did you not?” Samuel asked.
“She bled virgin blood afterward,” Rowan said with a nod.  “I was surprised.  I would have thought the scientist would have taken her to his bed.  She is a beauty, after all.”
“Maybe he has,” Samuel mused.
“By the way he responded to my actions, I think not, but I cannot be certain,” Rowan said.  “Find out for sure, please.”
Samuel nodded and said as he turned to make his leave, “I know of only a few vampires who prefer to release excess fluid through sex. It should not be difficult to locate the culprit. He was almost to the exit when he stopped to ask, “Why is it such a big deal if someone is fucking the assistant?”
“I gave my word that she would not be touched,” Rowan said as he picked up the papers that lay in his lap and focused his attention on them again. 
“How did he even know that you fucked her?” Samuel asked.  “Did you neglect to ensorcell him?”
Rowan’s face grew dark as he grumbled, “Our scientist is a horse of a different color. He was paralyzed, but fully aware of my actions.  There is something very different and possibly dangerous about him.”
“Then, let us hope that it is the scientist and not one of our own,” Samuel said as he continued out of the room. 
Chapter 20
Jasper worriedly paced between the long tables that held his research equipment while he waited for Lila to return from the errand he’d sent her on.  Getting permission to leave the vampire’s lair had been nearly impossible.  If Lila wasn’t successful in obtaining what he needed, he doubted there would be another opportunity in the near future.
She’d finally found the time and the courage to confess to him that she belonged to a coven.  To her surprise, he’d embraced the idea almost too fully.  His acute disappointment in learning that she was a new member and a babe in comparison to the others with her knowledge and skills was obvious.
“Why do you want a witch?” she’d asked.
“I need a protection spell of some sort,” he’d replied. “I am fairly certain that I have taken on the traits of the werewolf and vampire. I can’t be sure about the zombie, as I’d already altered my body’s composition prior to being attacked.  Without a zombie to study, I can’t be sure.”
“You don’t have a werewolf to study either,” she’d pointed out.
“True,” he’d agreed, “but the wolf traits have a canine root and, therefore, are easy to identify.”
Lila’s face went white as she mumbled, more to herself than to him, “You’re a hybrid.”
He’d nodded.
“As much as it pains me to say it, I believe I am,” he’d said with dismay.
“What will happen to you when Rowan finds out?” she’d asked with concern.
“Exactly,” he’d said with urgency.  “I need you to have your coven make some kind of amulet to protect me should the need arise.”
“I wish I knew how to do it on my own,” she’d moaned.  “The odds of my getting out of here and meeting with them alone are next to zero.”
“Can you contact this Benjamin fellow and explain the situation?” Jasper asked. “Since your safety is hinged on mine, I imagine he’ll want to do something.”
Lila raised a brow at his words. How did he know that Benjamin wanted her for more than just a member of the coven? Was he psychic as well?
Before she could ask, Jasper’d smiled and said, “I’m a little psychic.  It comes and goes, and I can’t control what I see so it’s worthless.”
“Not worthless,” she’d assured him.  “You just need to learn how to harness it.”
“Perhaps,” he’d said with a slight shrug, “but I have more pressing matters at the moment.”
“I can contact the coven through the web,” she’d offered, “but you’ll still have to find a way to get me out of here without a bodyguard.”
To his relief, he’d been correct.  Benjamin was more than willing to provide a protection spell for both Jasper and Lila.  He even went so far as to come up with a plan to pass the amulets on to her in a public place where her vampire escort would never expect it.
Now, anxiety and fear for her safety plagued him to the point that he could do nothing other than pace about the room while he waited for her return.
“I got the new scope you insisted you had to have immediately,” Lila said with exaggerated emphasis as she strode into the room.  Turning to the vampire who’d escorted her into town, she said with a hint of hostility, “You can leave, Oscar.  I’m back in jail safe and sound.”
“Lila!” Jasper snapped before addressing the scowling vampire with an apologetic look and a soothing voice.  “Please excuse my assistant.  She’s obviously tired from the trip.”
“Not too tired to get back to work, I hope,” the vampire said with a sneer.  “My maker has never taken kindly to slackers… Especially when it comes to humans.”  Turning to leave, he stopped to address Lila. “I am eager for you to complete your project.  Once there is no need for you in here, I can assure you there will be a need for you.”  As he slowly licked his lips with his long tongue, he placed his hand over his groin and gave it a light squeeze while saying, “I will be first in line. Then, if there is anything left of you, I might turn you into one of us.”
“That’s enough!” Jasper bellowed as he darted in between Lila and the vampire.
Outraged by the behavior of a mere human, the vampire dropped his fangs and snarled.  To his surprise, Jasper did the same.
Lila gasped with both shock and fear as she backed away from the two angry males.
Oscar was so outraged by the defiant challenge that the scientist had the audacity to affront him with that it completely slipped past him that Jasper was displaying very strong looking fangs that dripped of venom and saliva.   Without a second’s hesitation, he attacked his maker’s pet scientist.
If Jasper’s emotions weren’t so out of control, he’d have realized just what he was revealing and calmed down.  Instead, he met Oscar’s attack full force.  Much of the room was destroyed before Rowan and one of his vampires came racing in to stop the battle.
Jasper had managed to pin Oscar to the floor.  His fangs were mere inches away from piercing his opponent’s flesh when Rowan effortlessly lifted him from his offspring and held him high in the air.
With a face so full of rage that it immediately brought Jasper back to his senses, he bellowed, “What is this?”
Before Jasper could respond, Rowan tossed him against the wall.  The sound of bones cracking echoed through the room.
Without a moment’s hesitation, Rowan picked up Oscar in the same fashion and growled, “Your reason for destroying my lab had better be an excellent one.”  Over the centuries, Oscar had managed to act in ways that Rowan both disapproved of and abhorred, but never had he angered him in such a way as he had at that moment.  The research was vital, and this defiant, troublesome vampire could have set them back to square one.  
Shoving his wayward vampire into the arms of the guard who’d come with him, he stormed from the room without a backward glance.
“Who is this scientist that he has such clout with the master?”  Oscar growled as he pulled back from the guard’s grasp and smoothed his appearance.  Without a backward glance, he strode proudly from the room.
The vampire who was left behind stared at Jasper as if trying to make sense of him.
“You have fangs,” he said with wonder.  “How?”
Rushing to assist Jasper to his feet, Lila boldly turned to the vampire and said, “Maybe you should ask your maker.”
Annoyed, but knowing better than to cause further conflict, the vampire muttered a warning of what awaited Lila once the research was completed and left the room.
Shaken, she sank to the floor next to Jasper.  
“Did you get it?” he asked with a voice that belied the bravado he was attempting to display.
Pulling a long chain from her pocket, she held it before him.  The clear crystal that was attached to it acted like a prism amidst the lighting from the myriad of fallen lamps that surrounded them.
“He didn’t know what material to make the chain of.  Normally it would be silver, but he wasn’t sure if you could tolerate it, so he went with platinum.”
“I owe him,” Jasper said in a soft voice as he slid the chain over his neck.   A small jolt of energy consumed his body almost immediately.
Lila smiled as she asked, “Did you feel it?”  When he nodded, she pulled out a more delicate looking chain for herself and slid it over her head.  “Wow,” she softly whispered. “I’ll never grow tired of the wonder of magic.”
Although his bones were already beginning to mend from the breaks that occurred when he smashed into the wall, Jasper had no desire to move.  Instead, he rested his head on Lila’s shoulder while to two sat in silence, each deep in their own thoughts.
Chapter 21
Freya smiled as she watched Olivia, her granddaughter of so many generations passed that she couldn’t fathom how to explain it, enter the room.
“You’re in good spirits today, gamma,” the girl said as she practically bounced onto the sofa that was opposite the easy chair that Freya had chosen.
“Did you pass the news of my arrival to your vampire lover?” Freya asked.
“I did,” Olivia replied.  “I’m not sure how much he took in, though.”
“Were you in the throes of passion again?” Freya asked with annoyance.
“It’s all he wants from me, gamma,” Olivia defensively replied.  “I can’t pin him down for a date of any type.  He comes, we have sex, and he leaves.  I have no choice but to chatter the entire time he’s on top of me.”
“I am so sorry to have you put in such a position child,” Freya said with a frown.
“Don’t be,” she giggled.  “He’s pretty good in that department.”
Having been around for such an extensive number of centuries that very little shocked or surprised her, Freya was undaunted by her granddaughter’s unabashed openness when conversing about her lover. 
Her brows raised as she asked, “Forgive me if I am incorrect, but did he not take your virginity?”
She gave a sheepish smile as she nodded and said, “I’ve made a few comparisons since then.”
“With vampires?” Freya worriedly exclaimed.
“Hell no!” Olivia barked.  “It’s vile enough to bed the one.  I’ve been with my own kind.  Not a lot.  Just enough to know that the vampire knows his stuff.”
“Do you let him bite you?” the ancient werewolf asked with concern.
“He thinks he has me fooled into believing he’s human,” she said with an arrogant chuckle.  “Men. No matter the species, they’re all arrogant fools.”
Their conversation quickly ceased when Marcus strode into the room.
“I’m here,” he grumbled as he scowled at Freya.  “What now?”
The petite and ancient she-wolf gave Marcus a patient smile as she gestured for him to take a seat next to Olivia.
“Might I introduce my granddaughter many generations removed,” she offered. “Marcus Turnham, meet Olivia Spenser.  Olivia, this is your…”
“Pack master,” Olivia interrupted with awe.  “I know.”
Taken by her youthful beauty, Marcus hesitated just long enough for Freya to continue with, “Well then, Olivia, would you care to share with your pack master the news you have learned?”
Olivia sat tall as she turned her full attention on Marcus. She was just as taken by his virile presence as he was with her youthful beauty, and she made no effort to hide it as she longingly eyed him.
“The vampires have a human geneticist who is working on a way to shift their DNA so that they can pass as humans,” she said with both pride and conviction.
“You learned of this, how?” Marcus asked.
“I… I…,” Olivia stammered.  She hadn’t thought far enough ahead to prepare for the inevitable question of how she’d come about this information.
“She’s spying on them by sleeping with the vampire lord’s right hand,” Freya boldly offered.  “It is a dangerous task that you should be thanking her for.”
Both outraged and impressed by Olivia’s bold interaction with the enemy, Marcus looked at her with new eyes.  He could see how she would be able to easily seduce a man into her bed. She was a petite thing, which didn’t surprise him considering that she was of the same genetics as Freya.  Her thick, waist length main of raven hair carried a hint of red when touched by the sunlight that filtered through the soiled windowpanes.  Her milky white skin was blemish free.  He was certain that this factor was mostly due to her youth.  The girl could have barely passed puberty.
“How old are you?” he murmured while staring deep into her eyes.
“Old enough,” she boldly replied.
“I am aware that times have changed, and women wait longer to step into womanhood than they did in my early years, but I have no fear that Olivia is ready. She is older than I was when I bore my first child,” Freya declared with conviction, “and has already triggered her curse.  I believe she will be a great asset to the cause.”
Marcus turned to Freya and asked, “What cause might that be?”
“Destroying the vampires, of course,” Freya practically hissed.
“I’d really like to understand the root of our feud,” Marcus said in a soft tone as he turned his attention from the youthfully beautiful Olivia to the equally beautiful ancient Freya.
“I told you,” Freya sniffed, “we were cast out and each blames the other.”
“You never said why you were cast out,” Marcus continued.
“Does it really matter at this stage?” she asked. “After all, much has been done over the centuries to compound the situation.”
“I would like to fully understand what is at the root of our feud,” he informed her.  “It might help me to strategize better or even differently.”
Freya scowled in thought. 
“I hadn’t thought of that,” she mused.  Then, heaving a sigh, she said, “Okay, then, sit and listen.”
Chapter 22
Although he expected some type of repercussion to come his way after his encounter with Oscar, Jasper wasn’t prepared for the chaos that ensued when half a dozen vampire guards burst into the room.  Acting upon instinct, he lept over the back of the sofa that he’d been resting on and scrambled to the far end of the room.  He was so preoccupied with escaping the grasps of the exceedingly fast vampires as they closed in on him that he failed to recognize that he was not only equally as fast as they were, but when he lept into the air, he really lept!  It wasn’t until they had him securely captured and were dragging him out of the room that their complaints about his strength and speed sank in.
His vampire captors weren’t the only ones who were both curious and concerned about his newly acquired traits as they assisted a wounded comrade along behind him.  Jasper was also worried.  He’d bitten one of the guards during the struggle.  With the way things were going down, he was fairly certain that death awaited him.  His fear of dying was almost equaled by his disappointment over missing the opportunity to study the outcome of that bite.
“Tell me it did not take all of you to bring him here,” Rowan scoffed as he watched them drag Jasper before the large, overstuffed Victorian chair that he sat in.
“It is lucky that we all went after him,” Oscar complained.  “The bastard has strength and speed that equals ours.”
“He bit Claus!” one of the men grumbled.  “It doesn’t look like when a vampire bites or even a werewolf.”
“What is he?” another guard asked with concern.
“That is something we need to find out,” Rowan said. “Bring Claus forward.”
The vampire leader’s face showed his concern as he inspected the bite on Claus’s forearm.  It was shaped like what a human would make with no deep piercings from fangs.  Yet, there were clear signs of toxins taking hold.  He thought back on when he’d rescued Jasper from the alley and sighed.  Could it be that the zombie bite affected him after all?  He knew that Jasper showed vampire traits and possibly werewolf as well.  What if he was harboring a bit of every attacker in his makeup?  He would be an opponent that Rowan would have no idea how to deal with.
Looking directly at the bound and gagged research scientist, he said, “I will have them release you as long as you promise to stay calm.”
Jasper’s tone showed that he was still under the effects of the adrenaline that coursed through his veins from his battle as he grumbled through the gag, “I was calm until they burst into my room unannounced and snatched me out of it.” 
Surprised at the way he’d managed to understand the muffled irate words so clearly, Rowan said, “I understand, and I apologize.” Directing a scowl toward Oscar, he added.  “Clearly, there was a miscommunication concerning my orders to bring you to me.”
Just then, Samuel entered the room.  Without hesitation, he plowed his way through the small circle of guards who hovered before Rowan and said, “You sent for me, boss?”
Nodding in Samuel’s direction, Rowan ordered the others to leave the room. Jasper’s face showed his surprise and disappointment when the vampire king’s offer to release him changed to an order for them to lock him in the dungeon.  They obediently did as their master ordered, leaving Claus laying on the floor as he writhed with pain and sweated profusely.
Walking at a slow pace around the suffering vampire while he studied the situation, Samuel let out a long, low whistle before asking, “What the hell happened?”
“Where were you?” Rowan barked.
“Getting more information,” Samuel replied.  “Why?  What did I miss?”
“Oscar and Jasper destroyed my lab,” Rowan grumbled. “To add to it all, Claus is sporting a bite from Jasper.”
“I see that,” Samuel said as he squatted next to Claus and inspected his wound. “I have never seen the likes of it.”
“It is not vampire or werewolf,” Rowan explained.
Samuel’s brows raised as he asked, “Do you think it is a mixture of both?”
Rowan rested the tip of his index finger against his chin while he slowly shook his head.
Chapter 23
He was hungry.  It was a hunger like he’d never known before.  Not only was he ravenous beyond description, but his heart was beating double time.  Was it because of the adrenaline that flooded his veins when half a dozen vampire guards rushed at him, tackled him to the ground and bound his hands and feet before dragging him before their king?
He was unbound but confined in a room with no windows that was so small he guessed that three men would crowd it. Since he suffered a mild case of claustrophobia, his rapid heartbeat might also be attributed to his confinement. His only saving grace for not giving into panic was the cool air that continually flowed through vents near the ceiling.
Jasper wiped at the beads of sweat that coated his forehead while he pondered over the state of his physical being.  He was clearly morphing.  The questions of what he was morphing into as well as what triggered it bounced around in his head.  Was it the adrenaline that coursed through his veins or was it the taste of vampire flesh and blood that still lingered in his mouth?
The bare metal walls shoved his voice back at him as he asked aloud, “Am I becoming a zombie?” 
Running his tongue along his teeth, he felt for the pointed end of his fangs, but found only smooth and flat edges. A scowl consumed his face as he worried over what that meant. 
When he’d argued with Oscar and bared his fangs, they’d remained exposed long enough for him to realize that they’d dropped.  This hadn’t happened during his valiant attempt to fight off the vampire guards.  He’d sank his teeth so deep into the arm of the nearest guard that his bite clashed against bone before both flesh and blood filled his mouth. What remained in his mouth when they pulled him away could have been flesh tearing as a result of the powerful tug while his teeth were securely set in the vampire’s arm, but something told him that wasn’t the case.  It all happened so fast that he wasn’t sure, but as he replayed the scenario in his mind, he could have sworn that the flesh had already been freed when they pulled him away, which was why the vampire wasn’t dragged along with him as a result of the vice grip his mouth had on his forearm.
He guessed it was the flesh and not the blood that triggered his morphing.  After all, he’d been fed vampire blood by their king since the very first day of his arrival without this happening.  Then, again, if what he’d been told was correct, he’d dropped fangs and experienced aggressive emotions that resembled more those of a werewolf than of a vampire during his argument with Oscar.
Reminiscing over the details of his argument, he recalled Oscar’s vile threats to Lila and his blood boiled once again. There were no words to express his regret for bringing her along. He needed to protect her from these vile creatures, but he had no idea how to do it.  There were hundreds of them and only one of him.  His only hope was that she’d managed to contact the witch coven and a rescue plan was in motion.
Pain radiated throughout his skeletal system and the pigment in his flesh darkened about half a shade. The shock of this occurring caused him to forget about Oscar’s threats to Lila and focus, once again, on what was happening to his body.  As a result, he calmed down and the pain subsided.
He noted this fact with both relief and curiosity.  The scientist in him demanded to know more.
He longed for a notebook so that he could record what was happening.  The odds were pretty heavy that he would be executed for his behavior and the fact that he showed signs of being a werewolf, but if by some miracle he was wrong, he needed to be able to have an accurate record of what was occurring for his studies.
“Hey!” he bellowed as he pounded his fist against the solid metal door.  “Hey! Is anyone out there?”
After a solid minute of demanding attention, the sound of a key in the lock finally reached his ears.
“Stop that bellowing and pounding,” grumbled a guard as he opened a small, slotted peephole in the door.
Disappointed that the door wasn’t actually opened, Jasper peered through the hole.  Doing his best to keep his voice level and calm, he said, “I would like a take note of what’s happening to my body for my research.  I need a notebook.”
The guard tossed his head back in full bellied laughter as he said, “You think you’ll live long enough to use them?”
Shaking from the desire to rip the vampires throat out with his bare hands, Jasper took a deep breath and said, “If I don’t, then your king can use them. He is the reason I’m here, after all.”
At the mention of his king, the guard stopped laughing.  After a moment of silence, the guard said, “Let me see what I can do.”
Whether the guard left the slot open on purpose or he simply forgot to close it, Jasper wasn’t sure.  Whatever the reason, it gave him the opportunity to see better his confinement as a barred door was closed and locked over the steel one that separated him from freedom.
Chapter 24

The sound of Cerie’s stilettos clicking against the castle’s polished marble floors alerted Rowan of her arrival long before her tall, stately frame stood in the doorway. She looked like the poster witch for a Halloween advertisement with her long black wool cape and black pointed witch’s hat.
The soft, warm smile on her full lips didn’t make it to her steel grey eyes as she greeted the old vampire with a kiss on each cheek and a quick hug.
“So, what is it this time?” she asked as she removed her elbow length, black satin gloves with slow deliberation to expose smooth olive colored skin that belied her true age.
Rowan’s dark eyes twinkled as he silently took in the full scope of her before gently asking, “Did I pull you into the future or away from a costume party?”
“That is no way to solicit my assistance,” she scolded as she removed her cape and tossed it over the back of a nearby chair.
The ancient vampire fought back a grin as he watched the woman move with stately grace. Cerie was far too easily goaded for him to pass up on the opportunity to express his boyish side.  Even so, he knew better than to press his luck.
“I was serious, my love,” he cooed with a tone that he hoped convinced her of his sincerity. “You wear an authentic costume.”
“I was servicing the court of King Louie,” she said with a matter-of-fact tone.  “They can be a trifle boring.”
“So you dressed to impress?” Rowan asked with humor.
“I dressed to impress upon them the fact that I am no one to fuck with,” she spat. “Now, if you will not tell me why I am here, I will take my leave.  I am a busy woman.”
“Please forgive me,” Rowan begged in earnest.  “The last thing I wanted to do is to insult you or waste your time.  It was not my intention to do either.”  When she simply stared at him with an expectant expression on her exotic, comely face, he continued with, “I have a conundrum on my hands.”
“A conundrum?” she repeated with a mixture of mild amusement and feigned boredom.
The old vampire nodded.
“In all of my centuries, I have not encountered such a thing.  I have under my roof a human who I discovered in an alley next to a headless zombie several months back.  He had been bitten by a werewolf and was on death’s door.”
“The zombie did not bite him?” Cerie asked with surprised curiosity.
“I am not sure,” Rowan replied.
“Was it he who relieved the zombie of its head?” she continued.
“I do not believe so,” he mused. “I am tempted to think it was the werewolves who did the honors.  You know how they despise zombies.”
“They despise all that is not of their kind,” she hissed with a hint of venom.
He gave a slight chuckle as he said, “I cannot dispute that fact.”
“Did you ask him who beheaded the zombie?” she asked.
He slowly shook his head and scowled as he replied, “The thought never entered my mind.  I just assumed that it was the werewolves.”
“Have you given him your blood?” she asked.
He nodded as he said, “Daily.”
The ancient witch scowled in thought.
Rowan waited a few moments for her to speak.  When she didn’t, he added, “I discovered him on death’s door on All Hallows Eve. He has been with me since then with no mishap.  When I summoned you, it was because I was perplexed as to whether he was showing signs of vampirism or wolfism.  Since that summons, we had an altercation between him and my guards.  He managed to bite one of them.  I used the antidote for wolf bite that you gave me, but he died. His reaction to the bite was not like that of a wolf bite.  It was far more violent.”
“Why did you not turn this human from the start?” she asked. “Perhaps if you had, the wolf or zombie toxins would have been overpowered or even cancelled out.”
“I need him to remain human for the time being.  He is a research scientist who was already deep into progression of a genetic nature.  It was… It is my hope that he will discover how to make my vampires a bit more human,” Rowan explained.
“You are still at that?” she gasped.
“I will not give up,” he firmly stated.
Cerie sighed.  “I could do magic for you.”
“Yes,” Rowan agreed, “but it would not transfer.  I wish to have this alteration become a permanent one for generations to come.”
“Are you still wishing the same for your human staff?” she asked.
The vampire king had a faraway look in his eyes as he slowly nodded and said, “If I can spare those who do not wish to become a vampire the finality of death, I will do so.”
The witch studied her friend before musing, “You have someone in particular in mind, I think.”  When Rowan didn’t respond, she said, “Cora.  Correct?” 
She could tell by his facial expression that she’d guessed right.
Shaking her head with a mixture of pity and disbelief, she said in a soft and sympathetic tone, “It is no secret that she wishes to become vampire and be taken to your bed.  Why not allow it?  Why go to all of this trouble to save her human life and her purity?  It makes no sense.”
Rowan looked at Cerie with cold eyes as he said, “I have no desire to preserve her chastity.  Cora can do with it as she wishes.  The problem is that she saves herself for me in hopes of becoming my vampire mate.  That is her only reason for wanting to be a vampire.  I am expiring.  I can feel it happening.  Once I am gone, her reason for turning will be no more.”
Cerie’s eyes grew wide, and she sucked in air at his confession.
“What? Why? How?” she babbled.  “I can stop it.  You know that I can.”
“I cannot say for certain that I wish you to,” he offered.  
“Don’t be a fool,” she scolded.
“I have thought long and hard on this,” he said.  “If the scientist can find a way to help me shift our vampire DNA, then I will confide in him about the fact that my body is breaking down.  If he can stop the process, then it is meant for me to go on.  If not, then I go willingly.  My life has been long enough.”
“You are not thinking straight,” she hissed.  “Who will replace you as king?  Have you thought of that?  From what I know of your brood of vampires, not a one of them is fit to lead.”
“That is a problem,” he murmured.
“So, you agree?” she asked with surprise. “Yet, you would leave them to their fate.  I thought you better than that.”
Cerie noted how the way her old friend’s shoulders slumped made him look smaller and frail in comparison to the powerful king he normally projected. A wave of sadness swept over her.  She’d seen this kind of thing only once before in a vampire several centuries earlier.  He too was a vampire king who felt he’d outlived his time and willingly relinquished his life.  The differences were that the king had a suitable replacement and was twice Rowan’s age.  Rowan was an old vampire, but not that old.  There were older kings about the planet.  One, in fact, King Audolf, was an original cast to the earth plain at the same time as the Werewolves.  She wasn’t well acquainted with him, but their paths had crossed a few times. Enough that she felt comfortable in seeking his assistance with this matter if the need arose.
Chapter 25
Freya paced the great room of the small log cabin. She’d asked for intel on the scientist that was being held in the vampire’s castle days ago, yet nothing had been offered.  Olivia had left word for her to meet at three p.m..  She was an hour late.  Stopping to peer out of the window at the woods that surrounded the isolated cabin, her eyes combed the trees for signs of movement. All was still.
With patience not being one of her better attributes, she found herself growing more and more irritated as time passed.  By the time the quarter moon rose in the night’s sky, she’d become excessively agitated.
The sound of a jeep driving up the dirt road that wound the mountainside caught her attention.  Rushing to the front door.  She swung it open with such force that it slammed against the wall, causing the door handle to leave its mark.
With her hands on her hips, she pursed her lips as she squinted to protect her eyes from the brilliance of the headlights that came toward her.
“What are you doing here?” Bellowed Marcus as he turned off his jeep and hopped out.
“Where’s Olivia?” Freya demanded.
“Who?” Marcus asked as he stepped onto the porch and stood before the woman.  
“Olivia, my niece,” Freya said with angst. “She asked me to meet her here at three.”
“You’ve been here all this time?” he said with surprise.  When all she did was glower at him, he shrugged and gently touched her shoulder to indicate that she needed to let him enter.
“This is my cabin and I have no idea why your niece would offer to meet you here,” he said as he wedged through the doorway past her.  “Since I only met the girl once, it seems an odd offering.”
“Once?” Freya said with surprise.  “I was under the impression that she was meeting with you on a regular basis.”
He took off his hat and set it on a nearby side table as he chuckled, “Whatever gave you that idea?”
“She did,” Freya bellowed.
He turned to face her with an expression that showed his earnestness as he said, “On my life and the lives of my pack members, I don’t know why she’d do that.”
“This is very strange,” Freya mused as she began to pace again.
Marcus blocked her way and said, “Tell me exactly what she said.”
Freya pulled a note from the breast pocket of the camp shirt that she wore.
“She sent me this last night,” she said as she shoved the note into Marcus’ oversized hand.
Marcus read the note: ‘Meet me at the pack leader’s cabin tomorrow afternoon at 3.  I have intel.  O’
Scowling, the pack leader asked, “How did this arrive?”
“It didn’t,” Freya said with a shrug.  “I found it next to my dinnerplate at the great hall.  I have no idea who put it there.”
“You went to the dinner last night?  Why didn’t I see you there?” he asked with surprise.
“I was in the back,” she informed him.  “I saw you.”
“But, you didn’t see the bearer of this note,” he mused.  Crumpling it up he said with disgust, “I’m afraid you’ve been played.  Although, I can’t think why.”
“It doesn’t make sense,” she spat. “It doesn’t feel right either.  I need to make sure Olivia is okay.”
“She’s been playing with fire with those vampires,” Marcus grumbled.
“Just the one,” Freya assured him, “and he doesn’t know she knows.”
“So you think,” he insisted.  “Someone played you today.  Who’s to say she hasn’t been getting played as well? Those vampires are a devious lot.”
Freya raised her hands over her head to indicate her disgust as she spat, “I can understand playing Olivia, but why me?”
Just then, his cell phone rang.  As he pulled it from his pocket and put it to his ear to answer the call, he said, “We should look into this.”
Freya watched as Marcus turned his back and hunched his shoulders.  It was clear that he didn’t want her to know what was being said. He stayed on the phone only briefly before sliding it back into his pocket.  It took some time for him to turn around.  When he did, his face spoke of his sadness before the words came out.
“That was my right hand, Joseph,” he began with a voice that was filled with remorse.  “Olivia is dead.”
“What!” Freya screeched. “How? When?”
Marcus shook his head as he said, “I only know that she was found near the river.”
“That makes no sense,” Freya said with shocked wistfulness.
“We need to go,” Marcus said as he gently took her by the elbow and guided her to the door.
“Where?” she meekly asked.
“She’s in a back room at the lodge,” he said with an apologetic tone.  “Does she only have you or are there parents to call?”
“You really didn’t know her, did you?” Freya said with wonder.
“No, I didn’t,” he replied.
After a moment of silence, she said, “No parents.  Just me.”
Chapter 26
They rode in silence down the mountainside and along the long, lonely country road until they reached the unpainted wooden building that they referred to and used as their lodge. Freya listened to the tires grind their way along the driveway that lead to the dirt packed parking lot that still showed remnants of the gravel that once coated its surface.  Her busy mind took in the crooked lines of the old building.  It looked as if it was ready to fall over.  In fact, at one point she’d made a joke about them hoping the three little pigs didn’t come to pay a visit because they’d huff and puff and blow it down.  Marcus’ response was to chuckle and remind her that the dilapidated building was packed full of big bad wolves so let the little piggies come to huff and puff if they wished.
It wasn’t until Freya spotted a middle-aged man of medium height leaning against the wall of the lodge while smoking a cigarette that Freya asked, “Is that Joseph?”
Marcus nodded as he pulled the jeep into the empty parking lot.  Rolling down the driver’s side window, he called out to his man, “Meet us around back” before continuing around to the back of the building.
Freya gave a half-hearted smile of approval as she watched Joseph sprint with the grace and ease of a wolf next to the jeep to the back of the building. She’d witnessed a definite deterioration in the health and care of the wolves over the centuries.  It was good to see that this pack was still concerned with maintaining optimum strength and agility. They would need it for what was to come.
When Marcus parked the vehicle, his man continued to the back door.
She waited for the pack master to turn off the engine and exit the driver’s side before opening her door and sliding out.  She’d been alive for centuries and seen many loved ones die either by natural causes, battle, or foul play.  She’d learned to take death in stride, but there was something about Olivia’s that left her feeling unsettled. She was fond of the girl, but she’d loved others even more and not reacted to their deaths in such a way as she did just then. She couldn’t understand the reason.  Not yet, at least.
“She’s in here,” Joseph said as he opened a door and stepped back to allow Marcus entry.  When Freya began to follow his pack leader, he laid a gentle hand on her shoulder and said, “Are you sure you want to go in there? It isn’t pretty.”
A feeling of defensiveness forced its way past her uneasiness about Olivia’s death.  She found herself puffing out her chest and lifting her chin with defiance.
“I have been around long enough to see it all, young man,” she said between gritted teeth.
Joseph raised a brow at her words.  He was not only surprised by her sudden change in attitude but amused by the fact that she’d called him a young man.  He was, after all, pushing fifty years of age. He was aware that she was centuries old, but it was a difficult thing to remember when looking at her youthful beauty.  Since he looked his age, he was mildly taken aback by the reminder that he was the younger of the two.
Stepping back, he swept his arm to indicate for her to enter as he said, “As you wish.”
The lighting was dim, for which she was grateful.  Even in such poor lighting, the gashes and disfigurement of her niece’s young body was easy to see. Even Marcus couldn’t hold back the gasp as he took in the sight of Olivia’s bloody and mangled naked body.
“You found her naked?” Freya asked.
“Of course,” Joseph said with disdain. “You don’t think we’d strip her, do you?”
Realizing the fact that his man had taken offense to Freya’s disparaging comment instead of understanding that she was simply processing the facts, Marcus said, “She was just pointing it out, Joseph.  Of course you wouldn’t defile her corpse.”
Freya let out a guttural sound as she repeated the word, “Corpse”.  Turning to Marcus, she said between gritted teeth, “You know who is responsible for this, don’t you?”
He closed his eyes and slowly nodded.
“Well?” she said as she slammed her hands on her hips and tilted her chin high into the air.  “What do you plan on doing about it?”
Chapter 27
Jasper sat with his elbows on the table and his face buried in the palms of his trembling hands.  His raspy breathing echoed off the surfaces of the research equipment that surrounded him.
“What did they do to you?” Lila gently asked as she placed her hand on his shoulder.
His voice sounded muffled as he spoke into his hands while replying with, “Nothing, really.” 
“You’re trembling,” she observed while maintaining a gentle and steady voice that belied the panic that she felt.  “What’s happened?”
Lifting his face from his hands and looking her in the eyes, he whispered, “I’m afraid of what’s happening to me.  I’m becoming this… this thing.”
“Thing?” she repeated with obvious confusion.  “Do you mean a hybrid?  They’re rare, so I’m told, but they exist.”
“If it was only that, I’d be upset but not frightened,” he explained.  “It’s just that I think I’ve been tainted by that zombie that attacked me.”
“What?” she gasped. “They’re not really living.  How can they taint you?  I mean, if you are affected by their bite, you just die and become one of them, right?”
“So it is on the television,” he said with a sigh. “I didn’t even know they existed until I was attacked,” he moaned. “Even then, I thought it was a guy in costume.”
“Let me draw your blood and study it,” she said with concern as she prepared a syringe for just that.  “Let me see what I can find out.  You’re in no condition to do it yourself.”
“I can’t believe I’m still alive,” he mused as he offered her his arm so that she could insert the syringe and draw his blood.  “I thought for sure they were going to kill me.  Then, out of the blue, I was hauled back here and told to get back to work with my research.  It was as if nothing happened.”
“I guess our vampire king values your research more than he does his vampire guards,” she mused as she focused on drawing his blood.  “You should be thankful for that.”
“We’ll see how much he values me once he discovers what I’ve become,” he grumbled.
“He must have some idea,” Lila said as she positioned a cotton ball where the needle had invaded his arm.  Taking his hand and securing it over the cotton for him to hold in place, she added, “If he doesn’t know the whole of it, let’s just not say for a while.”
“If ever,” he spat. “I want to find out just what’s happening to me and then figure out how to subdue it.  I can’t be dropping fangs or biting flesh every time I get upset with one of these creatures.  I need to take control.”
Lila placed a drop of his blood on a slide and placed it in the microscope.  Sitting down on the stool in front of it, she rested her eyes against the scope and said, “I’ve seen enough vampire blood to recognize that you have vampire in you.  I think you also have a strong bit of werewolf. It actually looks like the werewolf might exceed the vampire. There is something else here.  Perhaps that’s the zombie toxin.  It looks like it’s trying to eat the werewolf cells.”  Pulling her face away from the scope, she thoughtfully scowled and said, “How strange.  Although, werewolf is closer to human than vampire, so I guess it makes sense.”
“So, the werewolf is the dominant?” he asked.
“If I was to guess, I’d say yes, but not by much,” she replied.
“Then, let’s give it more of an edge,” he insisted. “First, we get that zombie toxin out of me and then we’ll work on the werewolf gene.”
“You’d rather be a werewolf than a vampire?” she asked with genuine curiosity.
“I’d rather be neither,” he replied, “but from what I’ve seen of these oversexed creatures, I think … or at least I’m hoping that the werewolf is the better choice.”
“Oversexed,” she laughed.  “What a funny thing to say.  I would have thought you’d call them blood suckers instead of oversexed.”
He eyed her carefully to see if she was yet aware of the fact that she’d been deflowered by the vampire king on the roadside as he guardedly said, “You do know that they have sex as casually and as often as rabbits?”
Her face showed a hit of blushing as she nodded and said, “I’ve been kept from them, so it isn’t something that I think much about.”
“As well you shouldn’t,” he barked.  “You need to keep to these rooms. They bring in humans for feeding and sex on a regular basis.  I can’t have them grabbing you for such a thing.  Out of sight, out of mind.”
Memories of her vivid dreams of having sex with her mysterious vampire flashed through her mind. Her face turned pale as she repressed them as best as she could and said, “I contacted Benjamin.  He’s coming up with a plan to get us out.”
He looked at her long and hard before saying, “Then, we’d better get this zombie toxin out of me right away.” 
Chapter 28
“I paid your scientist a little visit,” Cerie said as she gracefully lowered herself onto the end of the Chippendale sofa. 
“What do you think?” Rowan asked.
Running her slender hand along the edge of the sofa’s curved back, she made note of how well preserved it was.  
“I remember when you first acquired this piece so long ago.  It has remained in fine condition,” she mused.
“Stop playing games, Cerie,” Rowan grumbled.  “This is serious.  Is he a threat?”
She allowed the silence between them to build up to a point of being almost unbearable for him before she smiled and said, “I think not.”
“Is he vampire?” he asked.
She leaned forward and gave Rowan a studied look as she asked, “What type of research was he doing before he came to you?”
“He is a geneticist,” Rowan offered.  “He was looking for a way to elongate human life.”
“I suspect he succeeded.  I believe he altered his DNA enough prior to being attacked to have made him able to live a long life.  Of course, now that he has been tainted by vampire blood, we will never know for sure.”
“Why do you say he accomplished such a thing?”  he asked.
“I looked into the future,” she replied.  “Or the future that he would have had prior to the attack.  He was old, but young looking.”  Sitting back, she smiled and added, “Like me.”
The thought suddenly came to him that Jasper might have magic in him that was elongating his life like it did her, so he asked, “He is not a witch, is he?” 
“I felt magic around him, but not in him,” she replied.
“Around him?” he repeated with a scowl.  He knew of no magicians in his castle.
“It was weak, but it was there,” she said with a nod.  “Does that pretty assistant of his dabble in it?”
“I think not,” the vampire king mused.  “I believe she would have found a way to get them away from here if she did.”
“They are here under duress?”  Cerie said with mock concern. “Perhaps that is why he did not shower you with praise.”
Ignoring his old friend’s sarcasm, he thoughtfully said, “That shift in his DNA is probably why he did not die after such a brutal attack.  I am guessing it also had something to do with why it took him so long to show signs of being affected.”
“I agree,” she said as she raised her hand above her head and snapped her fingers.  When a young male attendant who had been stoically standing in the corner of the room came to life, she bellowed, “I need scotch.”
Seeing his servant spring into action reminded Rowan that he also required sustenance. Not only that, but he could feel the fluid building up in his body to the extent that his loins were pulsating.  
“I need to feed and find release,” he said as he stood.  “I am well overdue.”
“Well,” she said in an expectant tone, “what is stopping you?  I am right here.”
“You misunderstand me,” he said with a gentle smile.  “It is not just blood that I seek.  I require sex.”
“As do I,” she smirked.
He watched in silent admiration as she tossed down the scotch the attendant had provided with remarkable speed and then slammed the glass on the side table.  After removing her top to show perfect breasts that needed no assistance of a bra, she slipped off her long skirt and panties.  
Positioning her naked, supple body on the sofa in a way that was both seductive and provocative, she motioned for him to come to her as she said, “Which would you like first?”
It was his policy not to get sexually entangled with the vampires of his castle, which was why he imported humans for sex. Cerie wasn’t of his castle, but she was a longtime friend.  In all of the centuries that he’d known her, he’d never bedded her.  The look of longing lust on his face showed his desire, but concern for the fact that it might complicate their relationship held him back.
“Seriously, Rowan,” she grumbled as she spread her legs wide to expose her tender womanhood. “I have no wish to be your mate.  I simply want to fuck you. If you truly are dying, I don’t want the regret of not fucking you at least once.”
Her confession was all it took for him to spring into action.  A low growl, that in the right circumstance could be considered frightening, surged from deep in his throat as he fell to his knees next to the sofa and sank his strong impalers deep into her neck.  She moaned with a mixture of surprise, pleasure, and pain as he drank with such animal greed that she experienced a fleeting moment of regret and fear for her life.
She was about to protest that he was syphoning too much of her blood when he released her neck and moved his attention to her full, firm breasts.  After kissing and teasing them with the experience of a well-schooled lover, he let his lips slowly slide down her torso until they reached her woman’s mound. He inhaled her sweet and musky scent with satisfaction.  He’d only ever had sex with one other magical woman, but he recalled all too well the pleasant sweetness that the magic added to their scent. Add that to the fact that, as a vampire, he was able to syphon her powers from her aura as it opened wide while she peaked, and he simply couldn’t remember why he hadn’t done it more often.  
His throat let out a slightly less frightening growl while his tongue sought out her sensitive nub. She arched her back, gasped with desire, and burrowed her hands deep into his long, thick hair when his strong fingers slid inside of her.
She’d been with plenty of lovers in her day, but very few compared to the one she was with at that moment and never a vampire.  Regret over having waited so long to enjoy him accompanied the surge of sexual delights that he was bringing forth in her body.
When her erotic excitement reached a point of feeling unbearable, she bellowed, “Take me now.  Fuck me now.”
He quickly repositioned himself so that he could plunge his manhood deep into her womb. She half-screamed, half-moaned at the hurt-so-good sensation from the depth and power of his penetration. By the time she felt his fluids pouring into her, she was more than ready to stop. 
“Never before has a lover completely drained me of life like you have, my sweet,” she said as she stroked his head with a hand that was attached to an arm that felt too weak to function. “Is this what you do to the humans?” When he nodded but remained silent with his face buried in her thick breasts, she breathlessly whispered, “Damn.”
“I ensorcell them,” he finally muttered into her flesh.
“It is a wonder they survive,” she muttered.  “You have such power.”
“You are too sexy,” he said with a chuckle. ‘I think your magic spurred me on.”
“You felt it?” she said with surprise.
“You radiate it,” he informed her.
“Always?” she asked as he suckled her breast.
“Always,” he muttered past her nipple.
It was at that moment that he remembered why he’d refrained from sex with witches.  The power that he’d taken from her was borderline overwhelming, while, at the same time being addictive.  It was like a drug that he couldn’t get enough of.  He’d syphoned so much of the life from his first magical lover that she ended up dying. 
The thought that he might kill Cerie in the same way flitted through his mind before lust and greed took over. He had to have more.  He just had to.
When his hand moved between her legs, her voice hinted of concern as she hesitantly asked, “Are we doing it again?”  
“Would you like that?” he asked, knowing fully that even if she didn’t he intended to take her until he could handle no more of her life’s gift.  In her already weakened state, she’d be in no position to stop him.
“Only if you allow me recovery time and let me sleep for days when we’re finished,” she foolishly admitted.
Filled with the excitement and anticipation of a typical addict waiting for his fix, he gave a boyish chuckle as he teased, “Getting old, are we?” 
“Shut it,” she spat before she accepted his long, passionate kiss.
Chapter 29
Jasper impatiently paced his room.  It was hours since Lila had whispered that Benjamin would be rescuing them that evening and for him to be ready.
Ready?  He was more than ready.  
It took several tries over multiple weeks, but they’d managed to subdue all signs of zombie toxin from his blood. They weren’t gone, but at least they were dormant.  They’d also enhanced the werewolf in him.  This became a true challenge for him when he was forced to work with the volunteers in his research project.
He was both happy and worried when he learned that they’d been successful in altering the vampire DNA enough for a few of them to attend an afternoon party amongst humans.  Not only were they able to enjoy the light of day without significant repercussion from the sun’s brilliant rays, but the temperature of their flesh had elevated to a degree of passing for a human with poor circulation.
A soft knock on the door caught his attention.  He hurried to it and pulled it open just far enough to see who was on the other side.
Lila’s whisper was hard and urgent as she said, “Let us in.”
He immediately obeyed by opening the door just far enough to allow her to slip in.  Benjamin’s larger frame forced him to pull it just a bit further open before slamming it shut immediately after he’d entered the room.
“This is Ben,” she offered as she moved to the center of the room.
Jasper and Benjamin greeted each other with stern expressions and a curt nod.
Without hesitation, the warlock produced a slender bottle containing white granules that Jasper thought might be salt and created a circle around himself.
“Step into the circle with me,” he barked to the others.
While Lila quickly did as was ordered, Jasper hung back.
“There is an ancient witch in the castle,” he warned.  “She’s probably already detected your magic.”
“She may be ancient, but she’s weak and I’m good,” Ben hissed. “Even so, I don’t want to tarry. I’m more worried about the vampires and their excellent hearing. Get in the circle.  We can discuss this later.”
Realizing that the magical man made sense, Jasper stepped into the circle with Ben and Lila. Their three bodies filled the space to the extent that he was forced to hug Lila.  Jolted by his body’s reaction to the unnecessary way her form melded with his, he feared the beast withing him might come forth.
With an urgency that was easily conveyed through his voice to Ben, he said, “Hurry.”
Without hesitation, Ben raised his hands above his head and said, “Bidh mi a ’gairm air na h-eileamaidean gus ar saoradh bho seo. Gabh sinn gu sàbhailteachd ar cùmhnanta.”
Jasper’s heart lept to his throat as he heard the sound of footsteps running down the hall toward his quarters. 
“They’re onto us,” he managed to say before the room swirled around them and then disappeared in a type of whirlwind.
He and Lila clung to each other as if their lives depended upon it while the world spun around them.  Then, as quickly as it began, it stopped.  
Feeling mildly nauseous, he surveyed his surroundings. They were in a cave of some sort that was illuminated by dozens and dozens of lit candles.  There were so many dancing flames that he felt taken aback by the intense heat that radiated from them.
He was about to ask their whereabouts when his attention was taken back to Lila who had fallen to her knees and was now vomiting.
The chaos that ensued when both men bumped heads as they rushed to her aid was the final straw for Jasper’s condition.  He could feel the beast in him coming forth and was powerless to stop it.
Ben’s eyes grew wide as he watched Jasper morph into a werewolf.  Without hesitation, he spread his hands wide and created an energy cage around him to contain him.  Pulling Lila clear of the scientist turned beast, he summoned his coven to close in.
Concerned by what she saw but keeping her emotions in check, she joined hands with the others as they simultaneously chanted over and over again, “Cearcall an t-solais, thoir air falbh a ’bhiast.”
Jasper’s mind whirled with the horrors of what he might do in his present state.  He’d spent every waking moment working on his DNA and hadn’t had time to master control over his shifting. The urge for fresh blood was acute, as was his rage. His eyes rested on Lila as he prayed he wouldn’t hurt her.  He was so preoccupied with worry that he was unaware of the fact that he’d shifted back to his human form until he felt a calmness move through him.
Looking at Benjamin, he said with humility, “Thank you.”
“The moon isn’t even full,” Ben said with surprise.
“I seem to shift whenever I get agitated.  I’m not sure why,” Jasper apologetically explained.
“We’re going to have to work on that, buddy,” Ben said as he rested his hand on Jasper’s shoulder and lightly guided him to the side of the cave that was reserved for him.
“How much did Lila tell you?” Jasper hesitantly asked.
“Enough,” the warlock replied. “What I don’t know, you can fill in. First, we need to cover our magical trail.  I worry that the old witch will be back on her feet soon. From what I can tell, she’s very old.  The older they are, the tougher they become.  We need to dissolve our trail before she can get a magical scent.”
“How did she get out of commission to begin with?” Jasper asked.  
“The vampire king screwed it out of her.”  Ben said with humor.  “Vampires are able to syphon energy from their prey, not just blood.  It’s especially easy for them when their victim is climaxing during sex. Their aura opens up.  I’m surprised a witch as old as her would allow it.  She’s playing a dangerous game.  The magical energy has an addictive drug like effect on the vampire.  I doubt he’ll settle for just one romp.” 
“If that’s the case, do we really need to worry about covering our tracks?” Lila asked as she approached them.
Ben nodded, “I’m hoping he keeps her incapacitated, but we need to be safe and not chance it.  Jasper noted the vampires were coming to his room just as we teleported out.  They’ll more than likely report it to their king, and he’ll lay off the witch so that she can regain herself and he can use her as his tracker.” After a brief moment of silence, he asked, “You have vampire in you, don’t you?”
“Mostly werewolf,” Jasper replied.  “Lila and I made sure it was the dominant until we figure out how to remove it all.”
“You can do that?” Ben asked with surprise.
The scientist shrugged as he replied with, “I can’t really say, but I’m going to try.”
Ben pursed his lips, raised his brows, and slowly nodded before saying, “Impressive.” Then, as an afterthought, he said in a low voice, “Do me a favor and don’t sleep with any of my coven.  You might be mostly werewolf, but you still have a touch of vampire in there and they all have a touch of magic in them.  Not to mention the fact that you don’t have control of your shifting.  I can only imagine what might occur if…”
Although he was surprised by the request, Jasper understood his concern.  He smiled, looked directly at Lila, and interrupted Ben by saying, “No worries.”
Chapter 30
Marcus took a deep breath while he focused on controlling his temper.  Olivia was found dead almost a month earlier, yet they still hadn’t managed to get to the bottom of what really happened.
“You know it was the vampires,” Freya hissed as she paced back and forth. “Why are you hesitating?”
“Her wounds don’t coincide with the killing method of a vampire,” he explained. “They’re more in line with a wolf.”
“A werewolf?” she screeched.  “Are you saying that you think a member of your pack ripped my poor niece to pieces?”
He vigorously shook his head as he snapped, “I said no such thing and I’ll thank you to not toss such accusations again.”
She looked genuinely confused as she grumbled, “You just said her wounds were…”
Annoyed and on the verge of losing control, he barked, “Madam, you are an original.  How can you be so narrow minded as to think that we are the only wolves in the area?”
“You war with each other?” she gasped.
“You have been here a few months,” he snapped.  “Surely you have heard a bit here and there.”
She gave a slight nod as she mused, “I understand there is contention between you and a nearby pack master who felt he should be running the show. That should not constitute warring.  Besides that, how would that lead to mutilating a young girl in such a way?”
“It would make more sense than to accuse my pack,” he complained.  “We all knew who she was.”
“Would that stop someone from taking revenge for her sleeping with a vampire?” she asked.
“Enough!” he bellowed.  “My pack would never think of attacking her in such a way.  We don’t rape and we definitely don’t mutilate members of our own pack no matter how or what we feel about them.”
Freya’s eyes opened wide as she exclaimed, “Rape?”
Slightly taken aback by her reaction to his remark, he asked, “Did you not get the autopsy report?”  When she shook her head, he heaved a sigh and said, “There were signs of rape.”
After quickly regaining her composure, she eagerly asked, “Did they collect the semen?” 
“They weren’t able to get a clear sample,” he explained.  “By the time we found her, she’d been in the water and her guts were torn to shreds.”
“Damn,” she complained.
“That would have made things easier,” he said with an understanding tone.
Freya thought for a moment before humbly asking, “I was proud of the spy work that she did, but perhaps it wasn’t the best thing for her to do.  Do you think the word got out to the other packs that she was sleeping with a vampire?” 
“If it did, it would raise a good deal of animosity,” he replied.
“Aren’t you in charge of the territory?” she asked.
“They still have a pack master and follow his lead.  There are a few pack masters who would like to see me dethroned.  The fact that I had a vampire lover in my pack could be enough to spur a rebellion,” he offered.
“Instead, they brutally killed her,” Freya mused with a heavy sigh. Then, after a brief silence, she added, “She wasn’t a vampire lover.  She could barely stand his touch.  She was doing it to gather intel for the werewolves. She should have been praised for her sacrifice and not scorned.”
“I promise to get to the bottom of this,” Marcus assured her.  “Someone will pay for such a gruesome act.”
“In the meantime, what do we do about the vampires?” she asked.
He scratched his chin as he mused, “They have been uncommonly quiet of late.  It makes me wonder what they’re up to.”
“Olivia mentioned a scientist working on altering their DNA,” Freya said.  “Do you think he’s made any headway?”
“Exactly what is he trying to accomplish?” he asked.
“They want to be able to mingle with humans undetected,” she replied.
“That could prove troublesome,” he grumbled.
Just then, Joseph bounded into the room. Racing up to his leader, he spoke in a soft tone into Marcus’ ear.
“What?” Marcus bellowed.  “Where is he?  Bring him to me!”
“He is with the witches,” Joseph quickly explained.
“What’s going on?” Freya demanded.
Marcus turned to face Freya.
“It seems that the vampire’s scientist has escaped their lair,” he snarled. 
“That’s good,” Freya said with satisfaction.  “Bring him here so we can interrogate him about the goings on in that place.”
“That won’t be so easy,” Joseph interjected.  “He’s under the protection of the witches.”
Freya looked at him with raised brow as she asked, “You know this, how?”
Clearing his throat as he prepared for the repercussion that he was certain would come his way, he admitted, “My girl is in the coven.”
“You date a witch?” she screeched.  “Do you know how dangerous that is?  They are incredibly unreliable.  She could turn on you at any moment.”
He vigorously shook his head.
“Not my Ingrid,” he insisted. “She and her people are good people.  They’re nothing like that witch who hangs with the vampires.”
“You mean Cerie?” Freya asked with surprise. She’d had a few run-ins with that one through the ages and knew her to be of a bad sort. If it wasn’t for the fact that she was an original werewolf and made of a slightly different stock than modern day wolves, she doubted she would have survived.  “How do you know about her?”
“She has been staying at the castle for a few months,” Joseph said. “Ingrid said that the warlock who leads her coven shimmied into the castle and stole the scientist and his assistant right out from under her nose.”
“Impossible,” Freya spat.
Joseph gave a mischievous grin as he added, “She was incapacitated from having too much sex with the vampire king.”
“He took her magic,” Freya said with surprise.  “I cannot believe she would be foolish enough to allow it.”
Marcus cleared his throat as he interrupted with, “As amusing and interesting as this is, we have a more pressing matter to concern ourselves with.  It seems our scientist was bitten by werewolves and now turns whenever he’s upset.”
Freya’s curiosity was at its peak as she asked, “Not just during the full moon?” 
Marcus grunted as he replied, “Apparently not.”
With furrowed brows, the original werewolf mused aloud, “We need to come up with a plan to steal him away.”
Chapter 31
Such a thick coating of sweat had formed on his forehead that beads of it trickled into his eyes as Joseph nervously paced the exterior of the cave where Ingrid’s coven met.
Meeting with the coven leader was no small feat.  It was no secret that he held minimal tolerance for werewolves and even less for vampires.  It was also a well-known fact that he had a temperament that was considered by most to be precarious. One wrong thing said or done could set him off into a magical torrent of which Joseph was sure he wouldn’t fare well. He’d practically begged Ingrid for tutelage on how to speak to Benjamin, but she’d simply gently kissed him and insisted that being himself would be more than sufficient.
He groaned at the thought.  He was far from the diplomat of the pack.  That title went to Marcus, his friend Sam, or even Freya.  He was nothing more than a ‘fetch it’ man for the pack leader.  At least that’s how he looked upon the role he played each day.  Yet, here he was… about to plead negotiations with a powerful and potentially volatile warlock.
After a good deal of resistance, he’d agreed to petition for the release of the scientist the witches rescued from the vampires into the custody of his pack.  Hearing that the man had no control of his shifting and that it happened even without a full moon and assuming that the newly turned wolf knew nothing of werewolves, he hoped that the fact that Marcus sent his written promise that he would do all he could to properly educate him on wolfism would be enough to convince him.  
Although Joseph wished with all of his might that it was Marcus and not him waiting on the warlock, he understood why he’d been the better choice.  He was, after all, dating one of the witches in the coven.  Marcus, on the other hand, was leading a pack that was openly hostile to that very same coven.  Who would the coven leader be more prone to listen to?  Joseph, of course.
Pulling his cell phone from his jeans pocket, he checked it once more for a message from Ingrid.  Still nothing.
Snarling with disappointment and impatience that was blended with trepidation, he shoved it back into his pocket and wiped away the sting from his salty body fluids from his eyes as best as he could with the bottom of his tee shirt.  When he’d satisfactorily tended to his eyes, he moved the fabric to his forehead and wiped at that as well.
“Do you need a towel?” asked a gentle female voice from behind him.
Startled by the unexpected intrusion, he quickly released his grasp on his tee shirt.  Whirling around to face the owner of the musical voice, his eyes settled on a slender, yet voluptuous body of a woman who appeared to be in her early to mid- twenties. Her long dirty blonde hair was parted in the middle and held back from her oval face with a barrette near each temple.  What remained free cascaded over her shoulders until its smooth, curled ends peacefully rested on her overly full breasts. 
Her blue-grey eyes twinkled with good humor as she said, “I can see if I can locate one for you if you wish.”
Finding his voice was difficult, but Joseph somehow managed to eek out, “I’m good, thanks.”  After a brief moment of silence he added, “I was waiting for Ingrid.  I’m here to see Benjamin.”
The beautiful young woman looked temporarily perplexed.  Then, with a smile, she said, “Ingrid’s been detained.  You must be her wolfman, Joseph.”
Amused by the term wolfman, Joseph gave a slight chuckle as he nodded.
Jutting her slender hand out for him to shake, she enthusiastically said, “I’m Lila.  Ingrid’s told us a good deal about you.  Ben’s waiting inside.  Follow me if you please.”
He wasn’t sure, but if memory served him correctly, Lila was the name of the scientist’s assistant.  If this was she, he was one lucky fella.  After vigorously shaking his hand, she quickly turned to lead the way into the cave. Flames danced as they flitted light from candles that were sparsely positioned along the way, but he doubted the average person who wasn’t familiar with it would have been able to maneuver about without stubbing his toe on at least one random boulder that jutted from the dirt packed floor. 
He was grateful for the fact that the moon was only a week away from being full.  Because of this, his body was already experiencing some of the wolf attributes.  One of them being the ability to see clearly in dimly lit areas.  
The scent of wolf mixed with vampire and something else reached him just a fraction of a second before his sharp vision spotted a man leaning against the wall of the cave.  He’d positioned himself behind the warlock, as if for protection.  Curious and excited over meeting the unusual creature who’d spent time with the vampires as their researcher, Joseph picked up speed.  He’d reached Lila’s side by the time they stopped before Benjamin and she made the introductions.
“I’m not big on wolves,” Benjamin grumbled as he made a concerted effort to politely shake Joseph’s outstretched hand, “but these are extenuating circumstances.”
“I’m not sure I understood Ingrid correctly,” Joseph admitted.  Looking past Benjamin, he smiled at the man who leaned against the wall in a surprisingly relaxed manner.  Jutting his chin in his direction, he asked, “Is this our new wolf?”
Before the warlock could respond, Jasper moved forward and extended his hand to Joseph as he grumbled, “We don’t know what the hell I am.  I’m wolf, but something more.”
Joseph nodded.  With hesitancy, he quickly studied Jasper before saying, “I have heard rumors.”
“If you’ve heard that I turn into an enormous dog whenever I get upset, you heard right,” Jasper complained.  When Joseph cleared his throat but said nothing as he held back the snide remark that threatened to burst forth about a wolf being referred to as a dog, he added, “I’m Jasper, by the way.”
Relieved to have escaped what was becoming an uncomfortable situation, Joseph made a mental note to find a polite way to explain to Jasper that equating a werewolf to a dog would not sit will with the members of the pack, especially with Marcus.  
“I understand you were a guest of the vampires for the better part of a year,” Joseph said with raised brows.  Turning to Lila, he added, “As were you.  If you don’t mind my asking, how did you manage to stay human?”
“I wouldn’t call what I am human,” Jasper barked.
“Okay,” Joseph said, “but this lovely creature at my side certainly is. Knowing the way the vampires use humans for food and sex as I do, I find it difficult to believe that she remained unscathed.”
“Unscathed and untouched,” Lila bragged.
Joseph raised a brow and exclaimed, “Is that right?  Not even touched?”
With her chest puffed with pride, Lila gave a smug smile as she nodded and said, “I’m saving myself for Mr. Right.”  Then, after a brief moment of silence, she looked directly at Jasper and added, “Trust me, there wasn’t a Mr. Right in that bunch.”
“That’s quite an accomplishment,” Joseph mused.  “You’ll have to tell me how you managed that sometime.”  Then, turning back to Benjamin, he said, “I was sent here by my pack master to make that offer of taking Jasper back to our pack and teaching him the ways of a werewolf.”
“I find it interesting that your pack master did not come himself,” Benjamin complained. “Insulting me is not a good way to begin.”
Joseph’s eyes went wide with concern as he quickly said, “It was not his intention, I assure you.  It’s just that he thought that since Ingrid and I are, well… you know, that you might be more accepting of me.  After all, we are not unaware of your opinion of us.”
“Nor am I unaware of your opinion of witches,” Benjamin replied.  Then, with a heavy and particularly dramatic sigh, he said, “I suppose you were the better choice for such a task.”  Looking at Jasper, he said, “We have been discussing the dilemma of his lack of control of his wolf side. I am not so arrogant as to believe that I am the better mentor for such a situation.”  Turning to Jasper, he said, “What say you, my friend?  Are you game for spending a bit of time with those who could help you understand and possibly control such an affliction?”
Furious at the fact that his werewolf side was referred to as an affliction by the warlock, Joseph practically drew blood as he bit back his protest.  His fists clenched so tight while he waited for the response that his nails drew blood from the flesh of his palms.
“I’ll do about anything if it will help,” Jasper confessed.
Chapter 32
“I should be staying here with you,” Lila complained as Jasper escorted her to the door of the werewolves’ lodge.  “We’ve been together from the start.  I don’t like separating now.”
“You have your people to be with,” Jasper muttered.  “You’ll be safe with them.”
“You’re my people,” she grumbled. “Besides, I’ve been perfectly safe with you right along and that was with vampires.  I can’t imagine it being worse with werewolves.  They, at least, have a human side.” 
“If I’m not mistaken, we corrected that fact with our subjects before we escaped,” he observed.
“True,” she said with a voice that hinted of irritation and conviction, “but that was only a handful of them and even they were still mostly vampire with a touch of humanity in them.  It certainly wasn’t enough to make them think and act like a human.  I’m positive we’ll see a closer resemblance to that with the werewolves. After all, vampires are vampires twenty-four-seven.  Werewolves only shift from their human side during the full moon.”
His step hesitated as he considered her words.  He was so absorbed in his own drama while in vampire captivity that it wasn’t until they’d been rescued by Ben that he took a moment to consider her state of being.  There was something going on with her on a physical level that he couldn’t quite grasp. It was a subtle difference of both her smell and her energy.  At first he’d attributed it to the fact that his senses were off, but, standing so near to her, he could feel a shift in her body’s scent and its energy that he knew was real and not simply wacky perception on his part. 
The guilt that he felt when he thought back on how proud she was to pronounce the fact that she’d been held captive by vampires who were notorious for abusing humans for food and sex and not been touched made him struggle to subdue the beast within him. He’d witnessed, first-hand, Rowan taking her on the hood of the limousine enroute to the castle and then the driver making merry with the virgin blood that was left behind.  Even though he’d been courageous enough to protest and insist that she not be touched again, he suspected that it may have happened anyway.  He wasn’t certain, but there were mornings when she’d enter the lab and he could feel that familiar vampire energy blended with her own.  He asked no questions, but he could think of no other way for it to be there other than the combining of energy that happened during sex.  If that was the case, whoever used her in such a vile way wiped it from her memory.
“I’m serious, Jasper,” she continued.  “I enjoy being part of the coven. They’re good people and I’m learning a lot. I will continue to attend their meetings and gatherings, but they are not my family.  I have been with you for much longer, working side by side.  I refuse to be shut out now.”
“I’m not trying to shut you out,” he replied. “I’m trying to keep you safe.”
“If I survived the vampires, I think I can survive the werewolves,” she impatiently drawled.  “I know you’ll want to study them, and I want in on it.  You owe me that.”
He raised a brow and said, “I owe you?”
Realizing that she might have overstepped her case just a bit, she looked away and said, “Maybe not owe me, but … you know what I mean.”
He shot a quick glance back at the pack leader as he whispered so softly into her ear that she could barely hear him, “I sense he has a temper which makes me uncomfortable. I have a bit of understanding of the beast that comes out each month. Are you sure you want to risk being around that? Wouldn’t you be happier with Benjamin and his people?”
“The werewolves are still better than the vampires.  If I was able to survive the vampires, I can surely survive the werewolves,” she insisted.  “I want to stay and continue the work with you.”
“I need to focus on controlling myself,” he offered. “Also, there is no lab here.  The research will have to wait.”
Vigorously shaking her head and with a look that said more than words ever could, she insisted, “We can fetch your lab from home.  I’m serious, Jasper.  I’m staying with you.”
They’d reached the door when he turned and called back to Marcus, “My assistant insists on staying by my side.  Do you have any objections to that?”
Marcus chuckled as he shook his head and gave a brisk wave to indicate that it was fine. The fact that she’d even made a show of possibly leaving baffled him. Women could be such complex creatures.  He’d both smelled the scent of gestation and heard the faint heartbeat within her womb.  He could tell by the way she looked at the scientist that she was in love.  Since he assumed that the child was Jasper’s, he would have been surprised if they’d actually parted.  
He inwardly groaned as he observed the faces of a few of his men as they watched the scientist take his beautiful assistant by the elbow and gently guide her back toward him.  Women with looks such as hers were always trouble.  If it wasn’t for the obvious fact that she was carrying Jasper’s child, he would have hesitated in allowing her to stay.  Freya was determined to declare out and out war with the vampires.  Add that to the fact that the word would soon reach them that he had their scientist in his possession and the last thing that he needed was a bunch of wolves pining and battling for her affections instead of focusing on the matters at hand.
There was also the problem of where to house the pregnant beauty.  Not only was his rustic bachelor home not set up for the care of a pregnant female, but he had no desire to become entangled in such a saga.  Spotting Freya as she quietly entered the room, he grinned with satisfaction. If she wanted war, she’d have it, but the girl would be her problem.
“It was my intention to have you stay with me while I tutor you on the ways of a wolf,” Marcus announced to Jasper as he and Lila drew near. “Unfortunately, I’m a bachelor and I don’t know how well this lovely woman will take to the rather rough accommodations I have to offer.  They’re a bit rustic for a pregnant female.”
“Pregnant?” Lila eked out with surprise.”
“Pregnant?” Jasper echoed with more remorse than surprise.  He was now beginning to understand the changes that he’d detected in her.
“How can that be?” she protested. “I’m a virgin.”
A loud cough that sounded like it contained a disdainful “ha!” escaped Joseph who’d been standing behind Marcus since he’d produced Jasper and Lila.
Snarling at him with a look meant to take him to his knees, she insisted, “It’s true.”
Marcus looked at Jasper and wonderingly said, “You are not the father?”
With a slow shake of his head and a look of tortured remorse, Jasper softly announced, “I am not.”
“But…,” Marcus began.
Before he could continue with what he was about to say, Jasper interjected with, “I’ve never touched her.  I was working on adding human DNA to the vampire by orders of their king.  I’d been successful with a few.  It must have been enough to impregnate her.”
“Vampires can procreate?” Marcus practically screeched.
“It appears that the few who were my case subjects can,” Jasper muttered. “One of them must have taken advantage of her and then wiped it from her memory.”  Then, more to himself than to the others in the room, he added, “I hope it was only one.”
A mixture of despair and panic consumed Marcus as he realized what the implications of a vampire being able to procreate would be, and he bellowed, “Dear god!” 
His despair and panic was matched by Lila’s but for different reasons.  Although her mind screamed out in protest, not a sound was uttered from her as her body crumbled to the floor.
Chapter 33
“Do you realize what you have done?” Freya screeched.  She needed to raise her petite form up onto her toes in order to properly shove her face a mere inch away from Jasper’s, but it didn’t deter her from doing just that. “Vampires and lycans have altered in makeup since we were sent here, but not to such an extent as to allow those blood suckers the ability to make babies.  It’s bad enough that they create more of their own by infecting the human with venom.  I cannot imagine a vampire born of the womb.  Oh! Yes, I can!  That is what we lycans were forced to contend with prior to being sent to this hellish dimension.  There is a reason Goethe took the ability to procreate from those demon bastards when he sent them here.  It is bad enough that they discovered a means of surviving and multiplying through the transference of venom without them being able to naturally procreate.  You have opened Pandora’s box!”
“I take it lycans are the favored of the two with this god?” Jasper said in as calm a manner as he could.
Anger over being spoken to in such a way was steadily intensifying.  He feared it wouldn’t be long before the beast within him would make itself known whether he wanted it to or not. After what happened to the vampire guard, he worried about biting someone.  If he did, had he subdued the zombie venom in him enough?  Or, would the werewolf react to his bite in the same way as the vampire had? 
Doing his best to maintain control, he took slow, deep breaths while he focused on subduing the beast within.
Tests had shown that he was mostly werewolf.  It was the side of him that he had the least control over.  He needed these people to help him understand the changes in his body and how to master them. He hadn’t mentioned the fact that he’d been afflicted by the bite of a zombie as well as a werewolf when the vampire king found him and started giving him his blood.  Since he had no idea how they’d react to such news, he hoped he didn’t have to.  Alienating them by killing one of them with his bite simply wouldn’t do.  He suspected that it would be especially bad if that someone happened to be the beautiful lycan original who, even in her state of fury, was breathtaking.
“That depends on how you look at it,” she said with a slightly diffused attitude.  “We were cursed with being forced to turn every full moon.  We lost our longevity of life but retained our ability to procreate.  The vampire retained that longevity of life, but lost procreation.  Over the years of battle and loss, the clever bastards figured out how to make more of themselves with their venom.  Even so, those who are made in such a way do not have the power and strength that those who came from the womb had. This increasing weakness slowly gave the lycans who were also becoming watered down through breeding with humans the upper hand. Now, it seems, the altered lycans, now called werewolves, will be facing such a formidable force once more.”
“Won’t the fact that the vampires will be coming from a human womb make a difference?” Jasper asked.
“Were any of your case subjects female?” she demanded.
After a moment of silence, he choked out, “Yes.  Half.”
With an exasperated sigh, she waved her hand in the air while bellowing, “There you have it!”
“Just what exactly will the difference be?” he asked with a mixture of both guilt and interest.
“It will be subtle, but distinct,” she mused.  “I imagine those who are born of human flesh will be more able to intermingle with humans than those born of vampire.”
“That’s good, right?” Lila asked from the corner of the room.  She’d been quietly observing Freya’s reprimanding of Jasper but could tolerate her bullying no more.
Looking as if she’d forgotten that Lila was in the room, Freya turned to her and said, “Besides procreating from the womb which was their natural way prior to being sent here, they will not only be able to infiltrate the humans, but they will be harder for the werewolf to spot.  Especially the werewolves being produced these days.  I swear that they’ve been dumbed down over the centuries.”
“Insults of that nature won’t win you any popularity contests,” Marcus snipped as he strode into the room.  Scowling in Freya’s direction, he added, “I could hear you outside these walls.  I’d rather not let the world know what’s happened until we figure out what to do about it.”
“We need to abort the child,” Lila quickly said.
“Truly?” Jasper asked with sincerity. “It might prove helpful to study it.”
“Study it?” Marcus grumbled.
His patience over the train wreck of a situation that lay before him was so thin that he stepped toward Jasper with what someone unfamiliar with werewolves and levels of status within the pack might perceive as threatening body language.
Seeing a change in the energy around Jasper’s person, Freya assumed that he was indeed interpreting this perfectly natural pack master body language as a threat.  Concern that the notorious unruly beast within the scientist was on the verge of appearing, she quickly stepped between them.
“Let’s think on this for a moment,” she patiently said.  “Perhaps Jasper is correct with his thinking.  If we study the child Lila carries, it is entirely possible that we can learn a way to stop this mess before it gets out of hand.”
“Do you plan on rounding up all of the study vampires in the interim?” Marcus sarcastically asked. “Or, are we just going to allow them to make vampire babies while we study the one this woman carries.  One from a human womb, I might add.  Not a vampire womb.”
“Absolutely not,” Freya snarled.  “We have a while before the child is born.  We can use that time to collect Jasper’s case vampires and confine them.  At the very least, we can prevent them from mating.”
Marcus scoffed, “Easier said than done.”
“But, it can be done,” she insisted.
“If I’d had another choice, I wouldn’t have performed the study,” Jasper apologetically explained.  “My research has been on longevity of life for humans.  I never even knew vampires existed until Rowan found me in the alley.  I was on death’s door.”
“I know and I don’t blame you.  It’s just unfortunate that you happened to be a research scientist with a skill that he was able to capitalize on,” Marcus said before turning to Freya and asking, “Do you want war, or do you want to round up test subjects?  We’re not up to doing both.”
Freya looked at the pack leader with disgust.  It was all she could do to bite back the remark of, ‘My point of lycans being dumbed down proven’.  Instead, she gave a wry smile and said, “Round up now, war later.”
Chapter 34
Lila adjusted the cold cloth on her forehead.  Her slender body lay stretched out on the oversized sofa that dominated the better part of Freya’s living room. 
“I think what I want should be taken into consideration,” she pouted.
“What do you want?” Freya asked as she poured tea into two mugs.  Holding one out for the younger woman to take, she said with a demanding tone, “Sit up and drink this.”
“I’m not thirsty,” Lila complained as she sat up and removed the cloth from her forehead.  Accepting the mug, she added, “I’m so upset that I’m nauseous.”
“That is more than likely the pregnancy,” the she-wolf mused.
“Oh, I see,” Lila snipped, “It’s pointed out that I’m pregnant and now I’m suddenly experiencing pregnancy sickness.  Gee.  Maybe I should have been left in the dark.”
“I am not to blame for you being in this state,” Freya patiently but firmly said.  “I will not be treated as such.  Especially when you are a guest in my home.”
Realizing how badly she was behaving, Lila took a quick sip of the tea and apologized.
“It’s just that I have no recollection of having sex,” she whimpered.
Memories of her vivid sex dreams flooded her brain while tears slid down her cheeks.  Were they dreams?  Knowing that the vampire had the ability to subdue thoughts through a type of hypnosis that they called ensorcelling, she questioned if they just might have been real.  Then, like a slap in the face, she mentally chastised herself for her absurdity.  Of course they were real.  She was pregnant, wasn’t she?
Realizing what had been going on for months each night and feeling violated beyond words, the trickling tears turned into a full on flood.
Before Freya could comment on her outburst, she babbled, “It’s not the pregnancy making me cry.  It’s the fact that I was violated in such a way.”  Then, with a cracking voice she added, “What makes it worse is that I did remember it, but I thought I was just dreaming.”
“Dreaming about having sex with vampires?” Freya incredulously asked.  
Her tone sounded so judgmental that it knocked the tears right out of Lila.
“Damn, you’re cold,” she complained as she wiped at her moist cheeks with the palm of her hand and sniffed back her emotions.
Freya’s face noticeably softened as she raced to a small side table on the opposite side of the room and retrieved a box of tissues.  Returning just as quickly as she left, she handed it to Lila, cleared her throat, and said, “I have been their enemy for centuries.  It has hardened me in many ways.  I apologize.”
Nodding her acknowledgement of the apology, Lila took a long sip of her tea.  It had the effect that she’d hope for and soon she was calm again.
“Having been at Jasper’s side during the studies, I knew that the vampires were an oversexed lot.  Since my time in the coven, I’ve learned the impact of energy on a person.  I thought that the dreams were simply the result of all that sexual energy that surrounded me each day,” she brooded.
“I am surprised that Jasper said nothing to you,” Freya offered.
“How would he know?” Lila asked. “Our rooms were separated by several doors.
“Your scent,” the older woman replied.  “He should have felt them in your aura or smelled them on you.”
Rather than be upset with the fact that Jasper didn’t alert her to what was happening in her room each night, she immediately turned to his defense.
“You have to remember that he was also surrounded by their scent and energy for hours each day,” Lila insisted.  “More so than me, in fact.  Add that to his struggles with the changes in his body, and I can’t fault him.”
“I was not faulting the man.  I was simply making a statement,” Freya said.  “You are correct, though.  It could prove difficult to decipher what one was picking up in such an environment when everything is new and unfamiliar.”
“I don’t want this baby,” Lila insisted.
“Why?” Freya demanded.
The younger woman’s eyes went wide as she gasped, “You can ask me that?”
Freya heaved a sigh while she gathered her thoughts.  She could understand why Lila would not want to carry a vampire’s child to full term, but she also understood and agreed with Jasper’s desire to study it.
“You love Jasper, correct?” she asked.
Taken aback by the fact that Freya was able to notice something that she thought she’d been doing a good job of disguising, Lila sucked in air and gave a slight nod.
“What if, by studying this baby, your scientist can come up with a cure for himself as well as reverse the breeding abilities of the vampires?” Freya asked.  “The fact that he has been able to accomplish such feats with the vampire’s DNA proves his worth as a scientist. From my limited exposure to him, I believe I’m correct in concluding that he’d rather not be either werewolf or vampire.  What if he can find a way to reverse his condition through this study? Would you deny him that chance?”
Lila wistfully smiled as she murmured, “He is a gifted research scientist.  He was top in his class at Princeton. There are times when I watch him work with wonderment and long to have just a smidgeon of his gift of insight.”
“I will not judge you if you choose to abort this child,” Freya offered.  “After all, it is your body, and the baby came about in a most dubious way.  That being said… if you choose to carry it full term and give Jasper that chance he so needs, I promise that I will provide for you all of the care and protection that I can.  I am an original lycan. Over the centuries, I have accumulated a vast wealth that will allow me to make sure that you lack for nothing.  My composition is slightly different than that of these werewolves. I may not look it but looks can be deceiving.  I am strong, sturdier, and less easy to kill.  Of all of the wolves in this pack, I am your best choice for protector.”
“If you are so different,” Lila mused, “perhaps Jasper and I should study you as well.”
Freya tossed her head back in laughter as she good-naturedly said, “If you so wish it.”
   
Chapter 35
“His name is Samuel.  He was the first to be made by Rowan and is his right hand man,” Jasper said as Marcus studied the vampire who, after endless days of hunting and waiting for the right opportunity to arise, they’d managed to capture and secure behind bars.
Samuel angrily sneered, “How long do you think you can hold me before Rowan catches wind. You know that, when he does, heads will roll.”
Marcus scoffed through a smug grin, “I’ll take my chances.”
Turning to address Jasper, Samuel’s face grew serious as he said in a soft tone, “Rowan saved your life, yet you align yourself with these dogs.”
“These dogs helped me to learn control of my wolf side.  I no longer turn whenever I’m angry,” Jasper replied in a voice just above a whisper.  He sensed that Marcus’ acute hearing would still make him privy to their verbal exchange, but he hoped the man wasn’t interested enough to listen.
“That’s good to hear,” Samuel replied as he mischievously grinned, “You can be one scary son-of-a-bitch.  I’ll give you that.”
“I had to learn how to control myself,” Jasper continued. “Your people weren’t any help.”  
“I’ll be back,” Marcus said over his shoulder as he strode toward the door.  “I want Freya to meet this character.”
“Freya the original?” Samuel said with urgency.
Jasper nodded as he said, “That’s right.”
“Does she know you did work to adjust us?” he asked.
“That’s why you’re here,” Jasper replied as he moved toward the computer that was part of the contents they’d fetched from his home lab and pulled up the files on the memory stick containing his vampire cases that he’d made sure to bring with him when Benjamin rescued them. Not wanting to admit that Lila was impregnated by one of them, he said, “I want to see how much you’ve been altered.”
“You’d risk Rowan’s wrath for that?” the vampire said with surprise.  “You could have just come and asked.”  Then moving closer to the bars, he added, “You may not have realized it, but the master found you special.  He was crushed to discover you’d escaped. Yet, you notice that he didn’t come looking for you.  That’s because, contrary to public belief, he’s a pretty good guy.  He was disappointed to have the research stop, but when he found out how much progress you’d made with us, he said you’d done enough and that if you wanted to leave you could. After all, you were never a prisoner.”
“I wasn’t?” Jasper said with surprise.
“We placed you under guard for your protection,” Samuel continued. “It’s no secret how humans are treated by our masses.  Rowan has great respect among his people, but there are still a few who will deny his rules if tempted enough.  Having you and your pretty assistance living under our roof was great temptation.”
“What about the other humans living there?” Jasper asked. 
Samuel leaned his face closer to the bars.  His eyes had a mischievous twinkle as he said in a loud whisper, “Don’t tell the master, but they occasionally are fed upon and then made to forget.”
Jasper’s hand flew up to his neck as he gasped, “Did you do that to me?”
The vampire vigorously shook his head while lightly laughing as he announced, “We’re afraid of your blood.”
“You weren’t afraid of Lila’s, though,” Jasper hissed. “Someone not only fed on her, but they had sex with her and then wiped it from her memory.”
“How do you know this?” Samuel asked.
“Because, she’s pregnant,” Jasper exclaimed.
Realizing that he’d allowed his emotions to share information that he’d wanted to keep secret for the time being, he turned his back to Samuel and cursed his own temper.  If it wasn’t for his acute hearing, he’d have missed Samuel’s soft whisper, “So, I’m able to make babies.”
A surge of emotion flooded Jasper.  He could feel his blood rising to a boil as he bellowed, “It was you?  You’re Rowan’s right hand man for god’s sake!”
“I couldn’t help myself,” Samuel declared. “After tasting her blood on the trip back from fetching your research information, I was hooked.”
“You were the driver?” Jasper mused. “I thought I recognized you when you volunteered for the program.”
“Had I known that she was a witch, I might not have cleaned her up for the master,” Samuel admitted.
“She’s just a beginner,” Jasper informed him.
The vampire gave a slight shake of his head as he protested, “There was enough magic in her blood to get me hooked.  Witch magic is addictive.”  Then after a brief moment, he added, “It didn’t hurt that she was so lovely.”
“You need to stop talking,” Jasper hissed, “and be thankful that I’ve gotten control over my wolf side.”
Chapter 36
Oscar waited at the door for Rowan to motion him to enter the room.  The vampire king had all but become a recluse as he drained the old witch of her magic.  He snickered as he strode past her limp body.  She looked like a rag doll that was simply tossed onto the cushion of an oversized chair without care of how it settled.  He'd always despised the arrogance she projected as she strutted about on her stilettoes.  It did him good to see her taken down to such a state.  
Rowan sat with majestic flair as he watched Oscar approach. He wore only a smoker’s robe that was loosely tied at the waist. The robe was opened enough to expose a good deal of his flesh, but he made no move to cover it.  Still feeling the rush of the magic that he’d recently syphoned from Cerie, he gave his underling a good-natured smile and offered him a seat.
“To what do I owe the honor of this visit?” he lazily asked.
Looking back over his shoulder, Oscar gloated, “Cerie looks a little worse for wear, master.”
“She wanted sex with me.  In fact, she demanded it,,” Rowan said with a shrug. “She knew what she was asking for.”
Oscar looked with longing and curiosity from the witch to his king. He’d heard about the high that witch’s magic gave a vampire when absorbed through sex and blood, but he’d never had the opportunity to experience it.  Nor had he witnessed anyone else enjoying it, until then. 
It was reported to alter the vampire’s personality and not necessarily for the better.  He was seeing evidence of this in his king.  Those who managed to partake in the magic were quick to say that it was a small price to pay for such a great high. Besides, the vampire would return to normal within a day or so of absorbing the magic.  Knowing how old and powerful Cerie was and seeing her in such a vulnerable state made him envious of the rush that Rowan must have been experiencing just then. He couldn’t help wondering how difficult his king might find coming down from such a high.  Magical energy to a vampire is like cocaine would be to a human.  It can become an addiction that can destroy.
Cerie picked up her head and said with a breathy moan, “No more.  I am finished.”
Rowan gave her a haughty look but made no reply.
Oscar leaned forward and said in a low tone, “Are you planning on draining her dry?  It might kill her.  She looks half dead already.”
“She is still breathing, is she not?” Rowan snipped.
“You have been friends for centuries,” Oscar pointed out.
“I have avoided sex with her because I knew what it would do to me,” Rowan confessed. “She insisted. Now, I am filled with her magic, and I hold no guilt.”
“Why would she insist?” Oscar mused, more to himself than to Rowan.  “She knew the risk.”
“Because the bastard’s on the verge of expiring,” Cerie mumbled. “I wanted to fuck him once before he died.  I didn’t expect him to have much left in him to drain me like he did.  My mistake.”
Oscar shot a look of shocked surprise in Rowan’s direction. 
“Master?  Is this true?” he asked.
“It will not be today,” Rowan assured him. “I intended to have the scientist look for a way to prevent it.”
“But, you’re a vampire,” the underling complained.  “We’re immortal.”
Rowan scoffed, “Who told you such a tale?  We live long, long lives, but we can and do eventually expire. Even the original vampires have expired.  To my knowledge, there is only one left.”
“Dracula?” Oscar asked with a voice that hinted of reverence.
“Dracula is the first to be made vampire from man,” Rowan explained.  “He is not an original sent here from a different dimension so long ago.”
“Do you know who that would be?” the underling asked with genuine curiosity.
“To my knowledge, only one remains.  His name is Darius,” Rowan informed him. Then, with a mixture of scoff and chuckle, he said, “One original vampire and one original lycan.  Was this Goethe’s plan all along?”
“Who is Goethe?” Oscar asked.
Rowan gave a questioning look as he asked, “Have you no education on our roots?”  When Oscar gave a chagrinned shake of his head, he said, “This must be rectified.”
“Will Cerie’s magic extend your life?” Oscar asked.
“I expect so,” Rowan said as he stood and untied his robe’s belt so that it fell open to expose his hardened manhood.  “If it doesn’t, I’ll go feeling the best I’ve ever felt.  This magic is dangerously addictive.”
“I hope it makes your cock fall off and your veins explode,” Cerie hissed as she watched Rowan cross the room and grab her by her upper arm.  
“I’ve been meaning to speak to you about your language, my dear,” Rowan cooed.  “Such vulgarity in a woman is unseemly.”
Oscar said nothing as he listened to the torrent of curses that Cerie tossed at his king as he dragged the ancient witch to a nearby sofa and position her body to his best advantage.  His face showed his desire for the experience of drinking her magical blood and taking her sexually as he watched his king do just that.
Surprise and wonderment overtook him as he witnessed a pale lavender film of energy flow out of Cerie and into Rowan. Seeing how weak she was, he could only imagine how rich and vibrant the energy must have been when she was fresh and strong.
He questioned if his eyes deceived him when he saw a slight swelling of the vampire king’s body as he continued to greedily take from Cerie.  Was there fact in the ancient witch’s threat?  Could Rowan actually take in enough of the magical energy that he risked exploding? Fear and regret replaced all jealousy and longing as he worried about his king’s welfare while vowing to never fall prey to the lure of witch magic.  
His king was behaving in a way that didn’t reflect his normal persona. For the most part, Rowan was a compassionate and thoughtful being. While most vampires enjoyed the small semblance of humanity left to them through bodily functions, he was one of the few vampires who still used sex as a method of releasing excess fluids and energy rather than allow his body to function and release like that of a human.  Because of this, he took it at will, but he wasn’t known to be cruel and unfeeling about it.  His behavior now was clearly the effect of the witch magic.
Although he’d never cared for Cerie as a person, he had to admit that he’d admired her beauty.  He actually felt saddened to see her looks dissipating along with her magical life force.  If he was the one having sex with her, he’d want to close his eyes to avoid witnessing the aging that was rapidly showing, not just on her face, but over her entire body.  Firm breasts were now sagging and flopping as Rowan vigorously pumped his manhood into her.  Her once smooth and peach colored skin was now sallow looking and filled with wrinkles.  He could only assume that his master was so consumed with the rush of magic that he was willing to overlook the ugliness of his victim.  
Although the vampire king had insisted that he’d be fine for a while longer, Oscar gave into the nagging that was housed deep within him and admitted to himself that a small part of him secretly hoped that Cerie’s magic would be the end of him.  
There were a few changes that he longed to see take place within the structure of his people.  He’d approached Rowan with these suggestions on various occasions only to have them shot down. 
Oscar also vehemently disagreed with Rowan’s abnormal gentleness when it came to dealing with humans. They had no place as permanent residents in the castle, and they absolutely should not have their lives elongated with doses of Rowan’s blood. They were, after all, merely a food and sex source.   Concern for their welfare simply wasn’t the way of a true vampire. He pointed this fact out to Rowan more than once, but his words fell on deaf ears.  Then, there was the king’s poor tactics in warfare.  He was certain that this weakness was the reason that the werewolves had yet to be defeated.   A new and better king could correct these things and bring back the true behavior of a vampire. 
He felt certain that his fellow vampires would agree with and accept the changes he longed for. He’d often dreamt of sitting on the throne and doing just that.  
There was only one vampire older than him and that was Samuel. If Rowan was to expire, the next oldest vampire would be next in line for the throne. Since Samuel was his maker and not Rowan, he felt a stronger bond to him.  Even so, he was willing to ignore that bond and do what needed to be done to get Samuel out of the way if and when Rowan actually did expire.
Rowan moved in and out of Cerie with surprising force for an impressive length of time before he heard a loud, almost anguished sounding moan pour fourth from the vampire king.  After which, his king immediately fell atop of Cerie.  Thinking, at first, that the moan was simply accompanying the vampire’s powerfully passionate release of his seed, Oscar made no move to investigate.  It wasn’t until he heard Cerie’s weak plea for someone to get the corpse off her that he realized what had just happened.
He reached the sofa at the same time as the guards who’d been standing in the corners did.  They pulled their king’s limp and lifeless body from atop Cerie and carefully carried it to his throne.  Sitting him in the throne as upright as possible, the guards looked to Oscar for guidance.
“Fetch Samuel,” was all Oscar uttered as, with both shock and horror, he watched his vampire king slowly disintegrate before his very eyes.
Chapter 37
The three-hundred acres felt more like three-hundred miles as Lila made her way across the fields to an old cinderblock building at the far end of Freya’s horse farm.  She was an adept rider, but, because of the value of the child in her womb, both Freya and Jasper refused to risk allowing her to get on the back of a horse.  She abhorred long hikes, but if she wanted to get a look at the vampires who Freya’s people had managed to capture without the tediousness of someone constantly monitoring her, she had no choice than to make the trek.
She used the time making her way over what she considered rough terrain contemplating the development of Jasper’s relationship with Freya.  Where, in the beginning, it appeared as if they’d be lucky to get through a day without taking each other’s head off, of late, they seemed almost bonded.  Lila assumed that it had a lot to do with the closeness that was required in order for him to study the ancient lycan. At least, for Jasper it was that.  For Freya, it was more about how impressive Jasper’s talent for research and his ability to come up with scientific solutions for situations that, until then, had been deemed permanent and something they needed to get used to. 
Or, that’s what Freya tried to make her believe.
More than once, she heard the original lycan praise Jasper and call him a marvel.  She wasn’t sure if it was her pregnant hormones sparking a twinge of jealousy or if it was her intuition understanding more of what lay behind the complements and looks that Freya sent his way.  Whatever the reason, she was legitimately red hot jealous. 
Why wouldn’t she be?  She was at least as good looking as was Freya.  Not to mention, much younger.  She had several men vying for her attention, but she only had eyes for Jasper.  She was hooked the moment he’d smiled and told her that she was hired. 
She’d been working closely with him for years and brushed off the fact that he gave no indication of having an interest in her other than as his assistant to his being focused on his work. Of late, with Freya, he was still focused on his work, but also seemingly overly attentive. This made it impossible for her to overlook his lack of interest in her or keep quiet about his obvious interest in Freya while hiding her own desires for him. His adamant denials left her feeling foolish, but not convinced.
The roof peak of the cinderblock building where the vampires were being held appeared above waves of hay ready for harvest.  With renewed vigor, she forced her way through the tall silken grass that would transform into rigid stalks once cut and dried. Frustration rose at how it wound around her leg from time to time as if trying to prevent her from her final destination.  By the time she reached the building’s coarse exterior, she felt exhausted from the journey.
Leaning with her back against the weathered door, she waited for her breathing to regulate and her heart to stop pounding so that she could listen for sounds on the other side.  She eventually made out the faint whispers of a familiar voice.  Even though she’d spoken with him on numerous occasions during their study and testing of the vampires, the familiarity went deeper than that.  It took a moment, but she eventually realized that it was the voice in her sexual dreams.
Outrage consumed her as she reminded herself that those weren’t dreams. The evil scum who was now trying to coax her inside to free him was the exact same one who defiled her night after night and then tried to erase it from her memory.  
She wanted to fling open the door and inform the creep that he’d done a poor job of ensorcelling his vile acts from her memory because she remembered his acts in the form of a dream, but she knew better.  Even with the door between them, she could feel the pull of the connection that was created from all of the sex and blood letting that occurred over such a long period of time. 
Raged shifted to panic and fear as the urge to enter the building and release Samuel grew so strong that she questioned if she’d be able to resist it. Covering her ears with the flat of her hands, she screamed to shut out his voice and raced back into the field.  She was about halfway back to the house when her emotions and adrenaline got the better of her and she fell to the ground.
She was curled in the fetal position when Marcus raced up to where she lay, weeping loudly.
“I heard you scream,” he said with a voice that displayed his fear for her wellbeing.  
“I shouldn’t have gone there,” she whimpered as she wiped at her nose with the back of her hand.
Marcus squatted beside her and sighed.
“Where did you go?” he patiently asked.
“I wanted to tell him how much I hate him,” she cried, “but when I got there, he tried to lure me into the building to release him.” Looking up at the pack master through red and tear-filled eyes, she wailed, “He has some connection to me.  I almost did it!  I almost set him free!  I couldn’t stop myself.” 
He reached forward and gently cradled her in his strong arms with one smooth movement.
“He fed on you, then,” Marcus murmured into her ear as she rested her head against the crook of his neck. “That’s how they make the best connection.  He fed on you and left his seed in you.  I’ll wager that vampire baby doesn’t help matters.”
“Please don’t tell Jasper,” she begged with a voice that was muffled by speaking into his weathered flesh.
“He doesn’t need to know,” Marcus gently assured her.  “Just promise me you’ll stay away from them.”
“I was going to help with the research,” she complained.
“I’m afraid that’s off the table,” Marcus mused.  “Freya’s been showing a keen interest. She doesn’t have your education, but she has life experience that I believe could come in handy.  I’ll ask her to assist him.”
“Great,” she whispered as she buried her face deeper into the crook of his neck while the tears silently flowed.

Chapter 38
 “I expected to see you two with your heads together in research over how to fix this vampire mess,” Marcus said as he carried Lila into the main room of Freya’s estate house, “not in a lip lock that’s enough to make a man blush.”
Hearing his words, Lila’s head shot up.  Her red rimmed, wet eyes shot daggerous stares at Freya as the couple separated from a lover’s embrace.
Jasper nervously cleared his throat as he said, “We weren’t expecting anyone.”
“Obviously,” Lila managed to choke out.
Freya gave a smug grin. Sliding her hand over Jasper’s chest, she moved past him to sit on a nearby overstuffed chair.  Her petite frame looked out of place as she sank into the cushions with a satisfied look on her still lovely face.
“We are not only working on the vampire mess, but he is studying me,” she said as she preened her hair. “If he can see what has been altered in you lot, we just might get you back to original lycan form.”
Marcus scowled as he muttered, “I don’t see what’s wrong with the way we are.”
“Do you enjoy being so weak and vulnerable” she asked.
“Weak” he incredulously exclaimed. “Vulnerable! Just who are you referring to?  Surely not me.”
“You and a few of the others have managed to maintain a strong and healthy wolf countenance,” she offered, “but the rest of your lot is a sad case to be sure.”
Before things could get out of control between the pack leader and the ancient original lycan, Jasper stepped in with, “Freya has lived for centuries where your people are lucky to hit eighty.  If I can find out what has changed, I can elongate your lives.”
Marcus gave him a look of wonder before his eyes showed a spark of recognition and he said, “That’s right.  You’re a geneticist.”  Then, after shooting Freya one more scowl for good measure, he added, “That would be something if you managed it.”
“What about the vampires?” Lila practically hissed as she continued to shoot daggerous stares at Freya. Placing her hand over her rounded belly, she added, “Doesn’t that situation take precedence?”
Jasper’s eyes fell onto her swollen belly and nodded as he assured her that it did indeed take precedence. He’d noticed that her belly seemed to have doubled in size overnight but opted not to point it out.
Then, as if the thought just hit him, he asked, “Why was Marcus carrying you?”
Before she could reply, the pack leader said, “I found her in the fields.  She’d gone for a walk and the exertion got the better of her.”
“Seriously?” Jasper said as he looked at Lila with concern.  “You should get to bed, then.” Turning to Marcus with obvious worry, he asked, “Do you have a physician who can check her out?  I’m a scientist, not a doctor.  I think it’s time we got her proper care.  Well past time, in fact.”
“How far along is she, anyway?” Freya asked.
“I don’t really know,” Lila admitted.
The ancient woman looked at her with surprise and said, “You don’t keep track of your menses?” 
Lila’s face reddened.  This was a topic that she didn’t feel comfortable discussing in mixed company. Unfortunately, Freya obviously did and wasn’t about to let up until she got an answer.
“I normally do,” Lila stammered. “I just… it’s just that things were a bit off while with the vampires and I didn’t pay attention.”
To her dismay, the annoying woman persisted with, “Did you have it at all while you were there?”
Giving it enough thought to be silent for a moment, Lila nodded.
“I had it a few times when we first arrived,” she admitted.
Jasper sucked in air as he said with despair, “Only a few times?  We were there for months.”
“Did the vampires take that blood from you?” Freya demanded.
With her eye wide with horror, Lila gasped, “What?”
“When you had your menses. Did the vampire or vampires come to you in the night and partake of your blood?” Freya said with absolutely no concern over the fact that both Marcus and Jasper were now appearing to be as uncomfortable with the way the conversation was going as Lila already was.   When Lila didn’t reply, she stomped her feet and bellowed, “You are a woman of magic, are you not?  The blood of a magic person is notoriously addictive to vampires.  The menses blood is doubly so.  It not only is addictive, but if they were partaking in it while Jasper was working on their DNA, I have no doubt that it helped his work to take hold.”
Shocked, Lila whispered, “Through my magic…”
“Exactly,” Freya snapped. “You should have shared your so called sex dreams with Jasper.  Perhaps he’d have done something different.  I’m sure he smelled them on you.”
“I did,” he admitted, “but I didn’t realize the reason.  The place was crawling with them, after all.”
As if determined to humiliate Lila to the fullest, Freya looked directly at Jasper and asked, “What about the sex.  Didn’t you smell that?”
He gave Lila a hesitant look before nodding.
“Again,” he softly said, “I didn’t know why.  Those vampires have sex at the drop of a dime. The place reeks of sex on a daily basis. She could have smelled like that from just walking through a room.”
Freya sat on the edge of the chair.  Resting her elbows on her knees, she held her face in her hand while she mumbled something no one could understand.  
Pulling her face back from her hands, she looked at Jasper and said, “You were new at this, after all.”  Then, turning to Lila, she said, “From the sound of that baby’s heartbeat, the swelling of your belly, and the fact that you only remember a few menses, I’d say you’ll be giving us a vampire baby soon.”
“It hasn’t been nine months,” Lila protested.
“Did Freya not tell you?” Marcus asked as he shot the older lycan a look of annoyance. “When the vampires were able to procreate, their gestation period was six months.  We’re assuming it will be about the same with you.”
“That means any time now!” Jasper bellowed. “She should have been under a doctor’s care.”
“I’m hardly showing,” Lila protested.
“Another vampire trait,” Freya flatly offered. “The belly stays fairly flat until the last month or so.  Then, it pops out like someone filled the belly with helium.”
“I’ll find a doctor for her,” Marcus said with urgent surety.
Freya looked at him and authoritatively said, “Make sure he’s one we can trust.”



Chapter 39
Jasper paced the interior of his makeshift lab while Freya stared out of the window with an undecipherable expression.  He couldn’t tell if she was monitoring his movements out of the corner of her eye or was lost in thought.
Stopping not far from her, he finally spoke, “There’s something that has been troubling me for some time now.  If Marcus was able to hear Lila’s baby’s heartbeat right away, why couldn’t that scum vampire when he went to her each night?”
“Who said he didn’t?” Freya asked with a wistful tone as she continued looking out the window. “He probably thought it was your baby and paid it no mind.”
“He’d do that to a pregnant woman?” he yelped with dismay.
She leaned her forehead against the windowpane and with a tone that relayed her frustration, growled, “When are you going to get it into your thick skull that vampires look upon humans as nothing more than food and pleasure toys?  Her wellbeing or the wellbeing of that child played no role in his thinking.  None at all.”
“And what about you?” Jasper asked with a defensive tone.  “What role does Lila and her child’s wellbeing play for you?”
Freya scowled but didn’t turn to face him as she said, “You know.”
Jasper grunted, “I don’t.  Not really.” Filling his lungs with air, he said, “ I imagine that, in the beginning, it was so that we could come up with a way to reverse or stunt the work I was forced to do while with the vampires.  Since then, I’d hoped that you might have developed some type of fondness for Lila.  Perhaps care for her and not just the research.”
Freya’s shoulders stiffened as she slowly turned to face him.
“Does whether or not I like the girl truly matter?” she asked.
He tilted his head and replied, “It does to me.”
“Why?” she demanded, “and don’t lie.  I’ll know if you’re lying.”
“Why can’t you warm up to her?” he asked with despair. “You and I finally found ground.  Why not her?”
Freya studied him for a moment while she searched for the right words.
“You and I found ground because you have wolf in you,” she explained. “You were not born wolf, but you have it in you and it is strong.  She has nothing in her except a vampire baby.”
“Which was not of her doing,” he protested.
She waived her hand dismissively as she scoffed, “Whether it was, or was not, is of no concern.  The fact remains that it is.”
He gave her a suspicious glower before asking, “Is that all?”
With raised brow, she asked, “What else?  Speak clearly.  You make my head hurt.”
“You and me,” he quietly muttered.  “Is it because you fear I might like her better than you?”
The old she-wolf’s head flew back in wild laughter.  When she finished, she choked out, “You’re an arrogant son-of-a-bitch.  I’ll give you that.”
Furious with her response, he stomped toward the door.  Before he could reach it, she moved with a speed that shocked him and blocked his exit.  
Placing the flat of her hand on his chest, she cooed, “I find you seductively attractive.  You can believe that.  I have also seen you around that girl.  It is not you who cares for her, it is she who covets you.  Yet, you react not.” Shaking her head she smiled and said, “She has a cuteness about her, but she does not worry me.  Especially while she carries a vampire in her belly.”
“You’re mistaken about how I feel about her,” Jasper protested.  “I find her not just lovely to look at, but simply a lovely person.  It kills me to think that I placed her in a situation that caused her condition.”
“If you feel that way about her, then why do you not act?” Freya asked with genuine curiosity.
“It is my policy not to mix business with pleasure,” he replied.  “She is my assistant.”
A brief spark of what Jasper thought might be jealousy flashed in her eyes before her face went stoic and she muttered, “So, you are a man with principles.”
Chapter 40
“The full moon is on the rise,” Oscar grumbled as he paced the floor of what used to be Rowan’s room.  He’d moved in shortly after word reached him that Samuel and most of the other vampires who had participated in the study that Rowan had ordered were all missing.  Turning to face the vampire who’d brought him the news that he’d discovered their whereabouts, he added, “If what you say is true, trying to rescue them could prove more dangerous than normal.”
One of the oldest of the vampire den, Colin was made by Oscar when he was just nineteen.  His youthful face often deceived those who opposed him into thinking that he was an easy pushover.  Since he’d made it a point to study military tactics to the extent that he held a very high position in the vampire army, this was far from the truth.  It was, however, something that he would often use to his advantage to keep the enemy off guard.
He was also one of the subjects sent to Jasper’s lab to test his DNA progress and one of the few who had escaped capture.  Because his body temperature was now elevated to a level that allowed him to mingle amongst the humans undetected, he’d made it a point to search for information on the whereabouts of the missing vampires.  
When he connected with an unsuspecting group of werewolves in a small, out of the way bar and eatery, he found them exceedingly intoxicated and, thus, easily fooled.  
The only effect that alcohol had on a vampire was to reduce their craving for blood.  No matter how much they drank, they did not get drunk.  This wasn’t the case with werewolves.  In their current state, they didn’t realize that Colin was keeping the alcohol flowing while prying them with information.
It was a real test of his restraints when he joined the half dozen drunken werewolves as they left the bar not to take them down.  Even though the moon was almost full, he was fairly confident that their condition made them vulnerable enough for one vampire to beat them.  His body visibly shook with the desire to kill as he reminded himself that he needed these fools alive so that they could lead him to the vampire captives.
It was his intention to find out where his fellow vampires were being imprisoned and sneak in to release them.  Unfortunately, when he arrived, he discovered that the property surrounding the building was swarming with wolves who were gathering in preparation for the full moon shift.
So, after making his excuses to the group that he doubted would even remember him in the morning, he returned home to share what he’d learned with the new vampire king and his maker, Oscar.
“The wolves were bragging that they have in resident an original lycan who keeps calling for war on the vampires,” he said to his king.  “This could work in our favor.”
“A war during the full moon?” Oscar said with confusion.
“We have fought the wolves while they have shifted in the past,” Colin said with a shrug.  “We have the antidote to their venom as well as Cerie in custody.  I see no risk.  If we lure them away from the prison with a small skirmish, a few of us can slip in and release the vampires.”
“Or, I could just have Cerie cast a spell to release them,” Oscar mused.
Colin cleared his throat.
“Is she up to such a task?” he asked.  “You have been fucking her daily, haven’t you?”
Oscar smiled an evil smile as he thought of  using Cerie in such a way.
Not able to resist the temptation of the magic high that having sex with a witch gave a vampire, he had to see for himself.  Even though he found it both exhilarating and addictive, he had enough control to keep his sessions short and limited to once a day.  It helped that, unlike Rowan, he’d opted to release his excess fluids and energy through natural bodily functions and not through sex.
“After witnessing what happened to Rowan, I’m not so foolish as to overindulge,” he assured his underling.  “I do it just enough to keep me feeling good but not enough to overdose.  I drain enough from her to keep her docile, but she still has sufficient magic in her to perform a few simple tasks should the need arise.”
“Is she up to turning on you?” Colin asked with concern.
Oscar’s evil grin broadened as he said, “She wishes she is, but I make sure she is not.”
“You never cared for her,” Colin noted.
“She belittled me with her disdain and arrogance for centuries. Now the tables have turned. She is getting her just desserts if you ask me,” Oscar replied.
“I haven’t seen her since Rowan…,” Colin gagged. “Is she still damned ugly?”
“Enough magic has returned to take the edge off her grotesqueness,” Oscar explained.  “Even so, she is no longer beautiful.  I keep her covered.  I don’t think I could do much if I had to look at her.”
Colin gave a chuckle and a nod as he scratched his chin.
“I think my plan is a viable one without the use of the witch,” he said with confidence.
After a long silence, Oscar nodded and said, “Gather your soldiers.  I’ll send those dogs an invitation they cannot resist.”
Chapter 41
“You’ve got your war and you’ve got it tonight!” Marcus bellowed as he unceremoniously burst through the front door of Freya’s house and tossed the severed head of one of his men onto the highly polished tile of her foyer floor.
Excitement and satisfaction was written all over her face at his news.  Then, when the reality of the fact that there was the head of a pack member on her floor struck home, her expression became more of concern.
With a dark scowl, she asked, “Who is this?”
“I don’t know his name,” Marcus admitted.  “I’m told he was assigned to patrol the south side of the lodge.  Look at his neck.  There are vampire marks clear as a bell.”
Leaning over the severed head, she grabbed the chin and rotated it so that she could clearly see the vampire marks on the neck while she scolded, “You should know the names of those who serve you.”
Ignoring her comment, Marcus continued to roar his indignation. “Can you believe those bastards had the audacity to challenge us with this outrageous assault on the eve of the full moon?”
“Do they think we cannot shift?” she smugly asked. “Are they that daft?”
“Foolish, if you ask me,” Marcus snapped.  “I have no time to waste. If you intend to join us, you need to be at the lodge by eight tonight.”
“That’s in two hours,” Freya said with surprise.  “Can we be ready by then?”
“We’re always ready,” he tossed over his shoulder as he stormed out of the house with such aggression that it left the air feeling staticky.  
Jasper had been standing in the hallway that led to the foyer listening to the exchange.  Upon the pack master’s exit, he approached Freya.  Looking down at the severed head, he asked, “What brought that on.”
With her eyes settled on the lifeless head at her feet, she said in a soft and meaningful tone, “It could be anything with those creatures.  Although I’m sorry for this young man, I’m grateful to finally get retribution for Olivia.”
“Are you certain that it was the vampires who killed her?” he asked.
“Who else would it be?” she indignantly asked. “Wolves don’t do such things to their own kind, no matter how much they disapprove of their actions.”
“But, vampires do?” he asked with a slight hesitation.
“They’re an evil lot,” she hissed.
“I’ll fight with them,” he assured her.
She vigorously shook her head.
“If the vampires are willing to go to battle when we’re able to shift, they either have something up their sleeve or their numbers are strong and great,” she informed him.  “Either way, it will be perilous for all who fight.  We cannot risk losing you.”
Although he verbally insisted that it was his obligation to go and support the pack, he silently sighed his relief at her determination for him to stay behind.  It wasn’t that he was afraid to fight.  He knew that he could be a formidable opponent. It was the fact that he was still not certain about the zombie venom inside of him.  Nor was he confident in his behavior pattern when turned.  
If his zombie venom was still prevalent, he knew that it would kill a vampire.  That could be helpful in winning the battle.  The problem was that he wasn’t confident on his ability to keep his wits about him while in wolf form in the middle of chaos.  He could slip up and bite a werewolf and he had no idea what would happen then.  His time with them showed him that the wolves weren’t as open minded and accepting of zombies as were the vampires.  He worried about their reaction, should they learn that he carried their gene within him.  It was definitely best that he sit this battle out. 
“Are you fighting?” he asked as he placed his hand on her shoulder.
She reached up and rested her hand upon his.
“I have fought many battles over the centuries against the vampires,” she assured him. “Most of them were during the times when our beast was confined within our human bodies.  This gave the vampires a definite advantage.  Yet, I still stand.  This battle will be during a time when we are at our strongest.”  Raising herself onto her toes, she pulled his face to hers and kissed him long and hard.  “I will return to you. I can guarantee that. But, before I go, I wish for you to make love to me.”
“Sex?” he said with obvious panic.  “You want sex?”
They’d kissed only once before.  Sex had been something that flitted through his mind as it would with most red blooded males, but it never lingered.  As with Lila, Freya had become a work colleague.  He’d broken his rule by kissing her.  Now, she wanted him to break it even more.
Calling for her housekeeper to clean up the bloody mess that the severed head had caused, she forcefully pulled Jasper up the stairs toward her room while removing articles of clothing piece by piece.  By the time they reached her bedroom door, she was completely naked.
Stopping at the closed door, she turned to him and seductively smiled, “I am asking you to break your rule.  I know.”  When he continued to stand perfectly silent while wearing a look of worry, she added, “It is my custom to have sex before battle. It balances me. I will not hold you to anything on the morrow.” Taking his hand and placing it over the mound between her legs, she whispered, “Feel how alive it is for you.  I am a woman in need of a man before I go into battle.  Show me that you are a man.”
He listened to the click of the door’s latch as she reached behind her naked torso with her free hand and softly opened it.  His mind screamed for him to obey the rules that he’d set forth so many years ago and not waivered from until he met her, but his body had different ideas.  As if on its own accord, his hand moved further into the softness between her legs. When a moan of pleasure crept from the depths of her throat, he could stand no more.  Sweeping her into his arms, he kicked the door open and carried her inside.
Chapter 42

The location that Oscar had selected for the battle was far enough away from the prison that held his fellow vampires to avoid risk of detection.  His spies had assured him that the entire pack was engaged in battle, leaving only the scientist and his assistant in the house that rested acres away from the remote old building that was their destination.  
“It will be easy pickings,” he said with a chuckle as he led a handful of specially selected vampires from his army to assist him in releasing Samuel and the others.
His acute vampire hearing afforded him the ability to listen to the basics of the distant battle between his people and the werewolves.  They were too far away to hear much more than the chaos of warrior fighting warrior, but he’d already concluded that the werewolves were getting the better of his army.   A remorseful frown over the fact that they’d had to battle during the full moon consumed his face as he told himself that there was no other choice.  He just couldn’t risk leaving his people in there for one more day. He had no idea what experiments the wolves had their pet scientist performing.  
Luck was on their side, and they reached the building with no mishap. After making sure that there was no werewolf guarding the prisoners, he and his small group quietly slipped into the building.
“Damn, Oscar, it sure is good to see you,” Samuel said with relief, “I was beginning to think that I was going to end up a permanent resident.
“It took some doing to find you,” Oscar said as he grabbed onto the bars of the cell with the intention of prying them open.
“I would have done that if I could have,” Samuel said as he watched Oscar quickly pull his hands back from the bar.  The vervain that had been slathered three times a day on the bars left deep and painful burn marks on his hands.  “As you can see, they’re literally untouchable.”
“By any chance do they keep the keys handy?” Oscar asked as he shook away the pain from his hands while he waited for them to heal.
Samuel nodded to a hook on the far wall.  
“You can check over there,” he offered.  “I can’t guarantee it, but, since we can’t bend the bars to get out, I doubt they’re too worried about leaving the keys around.”
As he raced in the direction that Samuel had indicated, Oscar said, “Let’s hope.”   When, to his surprise and satisfaction, he found two sets of keys to the cells hanging on a nail in clear sight, he uttered, “Fools”. 
Grabbing the keys, he tossed one set to a nearby soldier and raced back to Samuel’s cell while saying, “I don’t know if the key is on this one or not, but we’ll soon find out.”
It took several keys being inserted into the lock before he heard the much coveted click of the latch.  After a brief moment of stunned immobility while he and Samuel locked eyes, he completed unlocking the door and, using the key to pull on it, swung it open.
With a quick handshake and a slap on the back from Samuel to Oscar, they proceeded to assist the other soldiers in releasing their comrades.  Thanks to vampire speed, this was done in less than a minute.
As the approached the door, Oscar raised his hand to indicate that they stop. “I hear footsteps in the distance.  Someone is coming.”
“Let them come,” Samuel growled.  “I could use a good battle.”
“I agree,” Oscar said, “except they’re in full wolf form and I have no clue how many are coming.”
“I hear at least two,” Samuel observed.
“There could be more following,” Oscar mused, “and there are only six of us.”
“So, we battle later,” Samuel said, “but we battle.  Those dogs will pay for doing this.”
“That’s a promise,” Oscar assured him.
Motioning for his soldiers to follow, Oscar stepped in front of Samuel to lead the way.  Taken aback by this action, the senior vampire gave him an odd look, but decided to let it slide for the time being.
The moon was so bright that, even without their acute vampire night vision, they would have easily been able to see their surroundings.  Off in the distance, they saw Jasper’s familiar figure racing toward them.
“One bite from that one and we’re dead,” Oscar mused. “He does not even need to shift to kill us.”
“Do you see who is behind him?” Samuel asked.
“It looks like a woman,” Oscar said as he peered through the night to get a better look at the female who was still a good distance away.  “A pregnant woman at that.”
“Go back!” they heard the scientist bellow as he looked over his shoulder at the woman while he continued to rush toward them.  From the deep, gravel in his voice, it was clear that he was beginning to shift.  “I mean it, Lila.  Go back now.”
“I can help,” Lila called out as she struggled to keep up with Jasper.   She knew that she was risking going into labor by forcing her body to move in such a way, but she had no intention of being left behind in that big house. She had no idea who would win that battle.  Without Jasper, there were only a few servants who resented her and undoubtedly would do nothing to protect her from the vampires if the need arose.  She was better off sticking with Jasper, no matter the consequences.
Samuel’s head tilted as he listened to the exchange between Jasper and Lila.  A broad smile consumed his face as he said, “That woman carries my child.”
Oscar’s eyes opened wide with surprise as he said, “What?”
Puffing his chest with pride, Samuel nodded and said, “I impregnated her.  Who knew?”
“Damn,” Oscar said with wonder.
“We take her with us,” Samuel ordered.
“What about that thing?” Oscar asked as he pointed to Jasper who was now close enough to see that he was almost totally turned.
“From all that I’ve heard while in that cell, he’s still learning how to be a wolf,” Samuel scoffed.  “We’re faster and more agile.  I’m certain of it.  Grab the girl and let’s get out of here.”
Chapter 43
Jasper’s dejected form sat on the porch steps as he watched Freya and Marcus slowly approach the house.  The wolves looked battle worn, but happy.
“We won,” Freya said as she slowly made her way up the steps. With her small frame covered in blood that belonged to her and her opponents and notably beaten, she eased herself into her favorite rocking chair.  Giving Jasper a curious look, she asked, “What’s wrong?  I told you, we won.”
“We won the battle, but a good deal of them got away,” Marcus interjected.  “It was a victory, but a small one that I question if we deserved given the number who escaped. Especially since their army was surprisingly light.”
“But, it was a victory,” Freya insisted.
When Jasper remained silent, Marcus lowered his bruised and bloody bulk onto the step next to him.  Like Freya, much of the blood belonged to his foe, but some of his own still oozed from his wounds.
He said nothing for a few moments while he waited for the man to speak.  When only silence prevailed, he asked, “What happened while we were gone?”
Jasper’s voice echoed his feeling of defeat as he said, “The vampires escaped.”
Leaping from her rocker, Freya bellowed, “What?  How?”
Marcus angrily pounded his hand into his fist.
“We were played!” he shouted.  “That’s why the small army.  They used the battle as a decoy to lure us away and keep us busy.”
Standing behind Jasper, Freya kicked him hard in the center of his back as she shouted, “How could you let this happen?”
“Stop that!” Marcus roared with such a threatening tone that the ancient lycan froze.  “You know as well as I do that he’s not up to dealing with those vampires on his own.  Hell, you made him stay out of a fight where he’d have been surrounded by wolves, yet you kick him for not stopping a dozen vampires from escaping.”  Turning to Jasper, he asked, “How many came for them.”
“It was a crazy blur,” Jasper lamented.  “They moved so fast.”  Running his hands through his hair while he focused on regulating his breathing, he continued with, “I was on the porch, and I heard them talking.  There were quite a few, but I don’t know exactly how many. I raced to the building, but by the time I got there, they were outside and on the run. It was difficult to focus because I was changing.” 
“Shit,” Marcus cussed.
“They took Lila,” Jasper confessed with despair.
“The girl?” Freya bellowed. “Are you telling me that they got their hands on that vampire baby?”
“Not just the vampire baby,” Jasper emphatically hissed.  “They got the mother too.”
Marcus placed his hand on Jasper’s shoulder as he said in a soothing manner, “I’m sorry, buddy.”
“I have to get her back,” Jasper moaned.
“You’re damned right!” Freya bellowed. Pacing the floor of the porch, she spat, “This is a mess, if ever I saw one.”
“We’ll get her back,” Marcus said.
“Her, and the baby!” Freya bellowed.
Hearing how uncaring the woman was about Lila’s wellbeing turned his stomach to the extent that he could no longer see anything beautiful about her.  Regrets of having made love to her earlier that evening filled his being and he shuddered.
“I know you have no use for Lila,” he snapped, “but I do.  Losing her like this has shown me that she’s more to me than just my assistant.  I was a fool to hold to my stupid rules.  When we get her back, I’m going to tell her how much she means to me.  I’m going to tell her that I love her.”
“You can tell her anything you damn well please,” Freya jealously snipped. “Just get her back.”
“We’ll have to come up with a solid plan,” Marcus said in a soft tone that was directed toward Jasper.  It was clear that he too was disgusted with Freya’s attitude.
Resting his elbows on his knees and burying his face into the palms of his hands, Jasper lamented, “I haven’t a clue what to do.”
“You know the castle layout, don’t you?” Marcus asked.
Jasper shook his head.
“We were confined to one wing,” he admitted.
“That’s right,” Marcus said with a tone that indicated that he’d just realized something.  “You were teleported out of there by that witch.”
When Jasper nodded, he said, “Then, I guess we pay the witch a visit.”
Epilogue
Admitting to Ben that they’d lost Lila to the vampires was far more difficult for Jasper than he could have imagined.  The rage, pain, and panic that the warlock radiated upon the news made him realize just how much she meant to him.  He couldn’t help his guilt over ignoring his own feelings for her, especially upon hearing Ben’s rants over not understanding why Lila chose Jasper over him.
How blind had he been?  How geekily focused on his work he must have been to not notice that Lila had feelings for him that went beyond those of admiration for his wisdom and intelligence.  To everyone else it was clear. Why not to him?  What was wrong with him that he didn’t even allow himself to notice how he felt about her until it was too late?
After hours of apologies and patiently listening to Ben’s berating over their incompetence, Marcus, and Jasper bent heads with him to come up with a plan to rescue Lila. It wouldn’t be as easy to rescue her this time since there would be guards all around and they would be expecting an attempt to get her back. It would take time to prepare.  Time, for which none were keen on letting pass since they had no idea how she’d be treated once the baby was born. It was decided that a psychic was needed to keep track of Lila’s pregnancy, as well as her wellbeing.  Fortunately, there was one in Ben’s coven who he believed was gifted enough to pull it off.
Freya was adamant that the baby was the priority.  Although Marcus didn’t argue this point, his facial expressions hinted on his impatience with her apathy toward Lila’s situation.  It was going to take a major shift in her viewpoint of things for Jasper to want to associate with her. 
Realizing this and knowing that the housing of a pregnant woman was, for the moment, not a concern, Marcus invited Jasper into his home.  They would use whatever time it took for Ben to prepare for Lila’s rescue to work on Jasper’s shifting abilities.
And so it begins.

A Sneak Peek at  Jasper: Love and Monsters (Book 2)
Chapter 1

The first thing that Lila did when she recovered from her fainting spell was to focus on her surroundings.  They looked familiar.  Yet, her still muddled mind couldn’t quite place them.  It took several minutes of study before she realized that she was back in the wing of the vampire castle where she and Jasper had spent so many months.  The room was closer to the lab than the one she’d occupied before her escaped and much smaller.  She’d used it to nap in a few times when she wanted a brief break from the lab but didn’t want to be too far from Jasper in case he needed her.
Placing her hand on her stomach, she cradled the bump that seemed to have appeared overnight.  Realizing that she was about to give birth to a baby in an environment that had never seen a vampire birth before sent a ripple of fear through her. She had no idea what to expect.  She’d never had a human baby, let alone a vampire one.  In fact, she didn’t even know that she’d had sex and conceived.  Up until meeting Marcus and being informed that she was expecting, she’d thought herself a virgin.
Her hatred for the vampires was so strong that when Samuel entered the room, she raced toward him with the intent of digging his eyes out with her fingernails.
Amused by her spunk, Samuel grabbed her by the wrists and held her away from him.
“You are courageous, little witch,” he said with humor. “I will give you that.”
“I hate you,” she bellowed.
“That is fine,” he apathetically said.  “I have no need for your liking me.  I simply require a daily dose of your magic and, of course, the delivery of my son.  We are making vampire history, my pretty witch.”
“I am not a witch,” she hissed.  “I’m in training to be one, but I’m not one.”
The vampire’s brows raised. 
“You are not aware of your magic, then?” he asked.  “How very odd.”
Forcing her to the bed, he shoved her onto her back.  Pushing the shift she wore up over her hips, he ripped at her panties with one hand while exposing his manhood with the other.
Realizing what he was about to do, she screeched her warning, “You can’t do that right now.  I could lose the baby.”
Samuel stopped in mid-motion.  This was something that he hadn’t considered. Scowling, he tucked his manhood back into his pants. Sex was the best way to absorb the magic.  If he couldn’t have sex with her, he had no choice but to absorb it through her blood. Since he’d believed this to be far more dangerous than the sex, the turn of events caused him concern.  Needing to think on what to do, he stomped from the room.
He'd been held captive long enough for the addiction to magic to lesson, but not disappear. Being so close to a witch had caused it to resurface full force.  Like an addict, he paced while he thought on what to do.
“Damn that cursed child,” he grumbled as he paced the main hall.  “I cannot risk killing it or her.”
“What is the problem?” Oscar asked as he carefully approached his maker.
“The birth of a vampire baby, even one who is half human, is an historical event, is it not?” Samuel asked.
“Indeed,” Oscar said with a hint of envy.
“She warns that she is too close to delivery and sex could harm the child,” he continued. “I dare not take her blood.  Being our first human to impregnate, we have no idea what a loss of blood would do at this stage.”
“True,” Oscar mused.
“I feel like I will explode without a dose of her magic,” he complained.
Oscar raised a brow.  “She is magical?”
Samuel nodded.  “I  believe that is why she conceived which makes her even more valuable if we want to make more vampire children.”
“Do you think the other subjects have that ability as well?” Oscar asked.
“I cannot believe that I am alone with this,” Samuel offered. “I simply planted my seed inside a witch.”
“And the magic took over,” Oscar said with delight.
“And the magic took over,” Samuel repeated.
“Do you think that Cerie can conceive?” Oscar asked. “She’s quite old, but she is a powerful witch.”
Samuel’s eyes lit up.
“Cerie!” He exclaimed. “I forgot about that old hag.  I can get my magical dose from her.”
“If she can give us vampire babies, we’ll need to lighten the amount of magic we take from her so that she can renew her youthful body,” Oscar warned.
“True,” Samuel said, “but for today, she is the solution to my addiction problem.”
“It is addictive,” Oscar knowingly said as he watched his maker race off to where Cerie was held prisoner.
Chapter 2

Jasper silently sat across from Ben as he waited for the warlock to mentally connect with Lila.
With his eyes closed and his facial features stoic, Ben said, “She is safe for now.  No one is touching her until the baby is born.”
“What about the witch they have?” Jasper urgently asked. “Is she going to be a problem?  Will she be a friend or a foe to Lila?”
“I can’t say,” Ben said as he opened his eyes.  “Lila is aware that she is in the castle but has yet to see her.”
“She paid me a visit,” Jasper mused. “I expected her to do the same with Lila.  You’d think she’d. at least, be curious about the baby.”
Ben cocked his head and furrowed his brows. “I’m getting very little energy coming from that witch. It’s better than when I came to rescue you, but she seems to be running with minimum magic.”
With a confused tone, Jasper said, “I don’t understand. Are you saying that you run out of magic?”
Ben opened his eyes and looked directly at Jasper as he explained, “Just as a person’s energy can be drained by another person, so can the magic be taken by another meta-human.”
“Meta-human?” Jasper repeated with a hint of humor.
“What else would you call someone who is out of the normal realm of human?” Ben asked with angst.  “Meta means out of, correct?”
Jasper nodded, “Correct.”
“Well, in this case, these meta-humans are vampires,” Ben continued. “They look human and have human traits but aren’t human in the sense that we think of a human.  They are able to drain the magic from us through energy contact. Sex is one way and blood draining is another.”
“Do you think that was what was happening to Lila and she, by happenstance, got pregnant?” Jasper asked.
“It would make sense,” Ben replied. “Lucky for her that she is young with minimal magic to drain.  The older the magician, the more magic to loose and the less vitality left behind.”
“So, this draining of magic can kill Lila?” Jasper gasped.
Ben nodded, “If it goes unchecked.”
“I guess that baby is a blessing,” Jasper sighed.  “We need to get her out of there before someone says, ‘baby be damned’ and drains her anyway.” His tone echoed his relief as he added, “At least, if this old witch is still alive but very weak, she’ll at least be no threat to Lila.” 
“I imagine she’s being syphoned of her magic on a regular basis,” Ben said with a shake of his head.  “I don’t understand what happened to put her in such a position.  Her magic is old and powerful.  How did she manage to end up feeding their addiction?”
“I’m glad for it,” Jasper said with relief. “I’m sorry for her if it’s something she didn’t want, but I’m glad for Lila.”
“I was hoping to connect with her, if possible,” Ben said.  “If I’m correct in my assumption, she’s being held prisoner.  She may have been on their side when she visited you, but I’ll wager that’s changed by now. Especially since King Rowan is gone.”
Jasper looked away. 
 “I actually have mixed emotions about his loss,” he admitted. 
“Good ridden to bad rubbish, I say,” Ben scoffed. “I’m only sorry the whole lot of them didn’t perish.”
“Yes,” Jasper said with a weak nod. “I imagine we’d be much better off without vampires.  Even so, there was a bit of humanity left in Rowan that I had the opportunity to witness on occasion.  He could have had me killed, you know.”
As soon as he made the statement, Jasper regretted it.  It was only natural that Ben would expect an explanation as to why the vampires would think of killing their prize scientist and he’d have to admit that he possessed zombie venom.  Still uncertain of the response he’d get, he had no desire to divulge this information.  He’d held his breath on many an occasion when Samuel was their prisoner for fear that he’d make mention of it.  Thankfully, he hadn’t.”
To his relief, a message from Lila reached Ben before he could inquire on Jasper’s narrowly escaped death sentence.
“Lila is trying to reach me,” he urgently informed Jasper.  “I need to get quiet to let her in.”

Books by Eileen Sheehan
[Most are available in eBook, paperback & audio format]

[GENRE: PARANORMAL ROMANCE/THRILLERS]
THE VAMPIRE, THE HANDLER, AND ME
FOR LOVE OF A VAMPIRE
THE PRINCESS AND THE VAMPIRE KING (Also in audio)
A VAMPIRE’S LOVE (also in audio)
EMERGENCE
DRAGON LOVE
DREAM LOVE
GHOST LOVE
SISTERS
OF WOLVES AND MEN
JASPER: THE BEGINNING
ELIZA: THE AWAKENING

Dark Escape Duo 
DARK ESCAPE (Book 1)
THE SEARCH FOR THE CRYSTAL KEY (Book 2)

Tugurlan Chronicles
VAMPIRE INIQUITY (Book 1)
THE CURE (Book 2)
VAMPIRES AND WEREWOLVES (Book 3)

Vampire Witch Trilogy
VAMPIRE WITCH (Book 1)
VAMPIRE QUEEN (Book 2)
KINGS & QUEENS (Book 3)

Shadow Love Duo
SHADOW LOVE: BOOK ONE
SHADOW LOVE: BOOK TWO

a Wolf Affair Trilogy
a  WOLF AFFAIR (Book 1)
WOLF MOUNTAIN (Book 2)
MISSY’S CHOICE (Book 3)

The Adventures of Vickie Anderson
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Zombie hunter by  night (Book 1)
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Werewolf hunter by night (Book 2)
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Ghost hunter by night (Book 3)
VICKIE: Doctor by day. Vampire medic by night (Book 4)

Kendra’s Journey
WHERE ZOMBIES WALK (Book 1)
THE REGIME (Book 2)
CENTER LAND (Book 3)
ZOMBIES AND ALIENS (Book 4)

The Esmerelda Sleuth Series
THE OTHER SIDE OF THE MIRROR (Book 1)
THE MAGIC BOX (Book 2)
BEYOND THE PORTAL (Book 3)
THE JOURNAL (Book 4)

****

BOOKS BY AILENE FRANCES
[GENRE: ROMANCE]
LOVE MISUNDERSTOOD
(Historical Georgian Era Romance)
PAPER WIDOW
(Historical Western Romance)
LOVE AT WOLF CREEK
(Historical Western Romance)
FOR LOVE OR MONEY
(Contemporary Mid-Western Romance)

****
BOOKS BY E. F. SHEEHAN
[GENRE: ALTERNATIVE ROMANCE/DRAMA]
TOAST WITH JELLY
A Tragedy of a Lesbian Confused

****
BOOKS BY LENA SHEEHAN
[GENRE: SELF-HELP]
HUMAN, HELP THYSELF
Natural Solutions for Stress of Body, Mind & Spirit
BASIC HYPNOSIS
ALL ABOUT REIKI
About the author
  Eileen Sheehan primarily writes hot, steamy romances (mostly New Adult) with a sexy male and strong female. A few are steamier than others (see their description). The majority of her novels are paranormal, but some are novels about normal people in love (contemporary or historical with the author name of Ailene Frances). ALL of her stories have a bit of naughtiness, some excitement, a few thrills, and maybe a touch of mystery mixed in with sometimes hot, sometimes sweet lovin'. She strives to write a novel length that will allow the busy woman to be able to sit down in an evening or two and be taken on a romantic journey without having a week go by before she gets to the end of the story.  Most of her novels take the average reader five to six hours to read.

An incurable romantic, she has a love affair with at least one of her characters... one book at a time. She hopes the same thing happens to you.
***
Eileen Sheehan started out as a freelance writer for periodical magazines and newspapers. From there, she tried her hand at writing screenplays. Her screenplay, "When East Meets West" was a finalist in the 2001 Independent International Film and Video Festival at Madison Square Gardens, NYC. Finally finding her niche, she lets her imagination loose with new adult/paranormal romance/thrillers (some are steamy, and some are tame) with the author name of Eileen Sheehan. She creates steamy historical and contemporary romances with the author name of Ailene Frances. Since she enjoys a bit of adrenaline releasing now and then, she writes mystery/thrillers with the author name of Eileen F. Sheehan. Seeing how far out of the box she could stretch, she crafted an alternative romance with the author name of E. F. Sheehan and has a few self-help books under her work name of Lena Sheehan.

