Just Breathe
By Sarah Doughty
Copyright 2015 Sarah Doughty
Smashwords, Second Edition 2021

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

All Rights Reserved
Excerpt from Focus copyright 2015 by Sarah Doughty

This book contains an excerpt from Focus by Sarah Doughty. This excerpt has been set for this edition only and may not reflect the final content of the final edition.

Cover design: Sarah Doughty, with assistance from sheswideawake. Cover image copyright Coka/Shutterstock.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this e-book. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

http://www.sarahdoughty.com
Just Breathe
Table of Contents

Dedication
Epigram
Just Breathe
Aisling's Journal
Thank You Message
About the Author
Connect with the Author
Acknowledgments
Preview of Focus
For my son, Hayden. May you one day find your true happiness.
"Everything you imagine is real."
– Pablo Picasso
Awake, my dear
Be kind to your sleeping heart.
Take it out into the vast fields of light.
And let it breathe.
- Hafiz
"Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the one you know you have for sure."
- Oprah Winfrey
I shut out the pain,
Existing in a daze
Until I found
Something that
Woke me up,
Brought me to life.
All I could do was
Just breathe
And let it in.
- Aisling Green
Chapter 1



The library was a sanctuary. At least it was to me once. Useless reference books were scattered across the table and there were thousands beyond it. With row after row of packed bookcases filling the space around me, I was surrounded by a sea of information. Yet, surrounded by nothing at all.
I slammed the hardcover closed with a thump, startling my companion curled up next to it. A pair of green eyes looked up at me. "Sorry," I smiled and scratched the top of the gray cat's head. A rumble, deep in his chest, sputtered to life an instant later and his eyes slid closed in pleasure. 
God, but he was loud.
Bugs belonged to my best friend and favorite librarian, Angela Williams. And he went everywhere with her. I knew them for nearly four years. When Angela moved into our dorm at college, the pudgy Russian Blue feline wasted no time and jumped on my lap as soon as she released him. Then his loud, dying motor of a purr filled the silence. I teased her about it ever since.
"You okay, Aisling?" Angela’s brown head leaned over the side of her desk to look at me through the doorway to her office.
She was Nashville's youngest-ever head librarian. Not to mention, she was also both the first woman and African-American to take the position. She and Bugs moved to town after graduation and, soon after, she landed her dream job. At last, she found a place to settle down and grow some roots.
I understood how lonely she was. At least, I thought I understood before I lost my grandmother. Angela and her cat were the only family I had left.
"Yeah, just looking through this crap they call history. I mean, it reads like fiction." I grinned at Bugs and rubbed under his chin. The purr in his chest increased in volume as his eyes closed and he craned his neck to give me better access.
"I know what you mean," she said and walked around her desk, dodging a few waist-high stacks of files that were left by the previous librarian. Four months earlier, she could barely walk through her office, it was such a mess. But she'd been going through those piles since she started working. "You should just make up your own version of it. That's what these writers do." She leaned into the side of the table. "At least that's what it seems," she quickly added.
That was what I would do if I were writing another novel, like I told her. I hated lying to her, but I couldn't drag her into something even I didn't understand.
Angela ran her hand down Bugs's back. His eyes flashed open and he turned, swiping his paw at her. Her eyes widened. Then, as if nothing happened, the cat turned back to me.
I clucked my tongue. "This is Aisling time," I chided her, eyeing Bugs with more affection than necessary.
Her lips twitched, "Apparently."
The strange feeling in my stomach that I felt most of the day increased, but I ignored it. I rubbed the soft fur under Bugs's chin again and it only made him purr louder. My eyes widened and I burst out laughing, "Oh my god, he sounds like a broken lawnmower."
"He does not!" she cried and scooped up the gray feline as if he was a wounded child. Smiling, despite herself.
Bugs yowled in protest and I nodded, "You keep telling yourself that."
The bell at the front desk chimed and echoed through the quiet building. "You have got to be kidding me," Angela sighed. "Where the hell is Ester?" She dropped Bugs down on the table and went to the front of the library to help the customer.
The gray fur ball wasted no time, sidled over to me, and curled up on top of the proposed non-fiction book on magic and witchcraft in front of me. He stared at me, waiting for me to start petting him again. "Meh," he half-meowed and thumped his tail, demanding more attention. But my mind was already wandering.
Gramma meant more to me than anything. When I was eleven-years-old, my mother died and my step-father ran off. My grandmother took me in and gave me a second chance to be a kid again. For a decade, she was there for me. Until last week. When my world turned upside down.
I really missed her.
When I turned twenty-one a few weeks before that, I started changing. It was gradual but real. The biggest change was that I could see a glow around certain people. For a while, I wrote it off as a trick of the light.
Gramma caught me looking at her, glowing like a purple light bulb while she cooked. 
Then she opened my eyes to what was happening to me. 
She handed me a book, my mother's grimoire — her spellbook, she said, passed down from generation to generation. A huge, old tome that looked like it belonged in a museum. Like it needed to be kept from light and touch. Protected. But it was fine, shimmering in a pale white light.
That was the magic.
She said anything magical glowed. Humans didn't glow.
She was a witch.
I was a witch.
We came from a long line of witches.
But I didn't know what that really meant.
And then my world collapsed.
Instead of smelling coffee and bacon the next morning, I woke up, remembering what she said, with an endless supply of questions, and a quiet house.
I found her in her bedroom, with a cup of cold peach tea on her bedside table.
It looked like she was asleep.
But she wasn't.
One minute she was fine. The next, she was gone.
And I was alone.
I swallowed the pain that threatened to rip me apart and went numb. And I played my part. Greeted people at the wake. Sat silent at her funeral. I knew what everyone was thinking.
Poor Aisling Green, the grieving granddaughter, had no family left.
As crazy as it sounded, her last act was to tell me what I was. And I couldn't turn away from it. I needed to learn more. My eyes were opened to something amazing.
When I read through the grimoire, it offered nothing but more questions. With nowhere else to go, I turned to the library. Maybe there was something — anything — that could help me understand what was happening. The only thing I learned was that people didn't know about real witches. Nothing lined up with what I experienced, or what was written in the grimoire.
"I told you. I can't help you with that," Angela's voice traveled back to me and snapped me out of my reverie. I blinked. The stacks offered good acoustics.
The low timbre of a man's voice passed through the open space next, but it was too low to make out what he was saying.
"No. My answer will always be no."
Angela could take care of herself. But I still debated whether or not to help her. I couldn't help it.
It didn't matter. 
My stomach eased a little, and a moment later, she reappeared. My best friend plopped down in the seat opposite from me, and crossed her arms, glaring at the floor. I waited, giving her a minute to cool off.
Bugs glared at her and then turned back to me. His fur brushed across my hand in his attempt at petting himself since I wasn't doing it for him. Instead, my attention remained on her.
Angela Williams was striking. Her flawless, milk-chocolate skin seemed to illuminate from within. Dark, brown eyes shimmered with intelligence. Her hair hung in loose curls past the top of her shoulders in a shade lighter than black, cut to frame her face. Her slender, yet curvy frame worked well with her short stature. But she never let her height bother her.
For a twenty-two-year-old librarian, she didn’t look the part. She wore a comfortable solid tee, which was green that day, dark jeans, and simple, black flats.
God, but she was beautiful.
My style was similar. And I wore a black V-neck shirt, white-washed jeans, and hiking boots. I stood at average height, with blue eyes, and a pale — or as my grandmother called it — peaches-and-cream complexion. Annoying, curly brunette hair hung loose, almost to the middle of my back. And, though I held an hourglass shape, my athletic build was at odds with it.
"Everything okay?" I asked.
"Yeah," she sighed, "sometimes people don't know when to give up."
"He must really want a book," I said in mock horror.
She laughed. "Something like that."
"What happened to Ester?"
She sighed again. "I'm so tired of that old woman. I swear she takes a damn smoke break every fifteen minutes."
As if on cue, the old woman called from the front in a raspy voice, "I'm closing up, Angela."
"Okay," she called back, rolling her eyes at me. The lights turned off and she grumbled, "Really?" but we both knew Ester was already gone.
I agreed with her. The woman was a little crass. "Maybe you should have a talk with her," I offered. "From what I gather, the former librarian wasn't too motivated either."
She tapped on the table, staring at it for a few moments, and then shrugged. "I guess. You ready to get out of here?"
"Yes."

Nashville was an old, artistic, country town nestled against Indiana's largest state park, surrounded by rolling hills and lush trees. For that time of year, everything lit up in fiery shades of reds, oranges, and yellows. It was breathtaking.
Tiny, glass-fronted stores lined Main Street and were dotted with pretty pots, filled with colorful mums on the brick sidewalks in front of them. Houses that were converted into shops filled the surrounding streets. It was in one of those converted houses, just off Main, where Angela and I ate an early dinner.
After my grandmother died, I didn't touch her kitchen beyond making a bowl of cereal or popping a bag of popcorn. The memories were too strong for me. I couldn't handle such potent memories of her without losing control over my emotions.
Though his food could never compare to the meals that she made in her kitchen, George made the best home-cooked meals in Nashville. Until I could break out of the numbness, he was my source for comfort food.
George's Diner was a mixture of fifties soda shop and down-home country. It was as unique as it was inviting. And it was no wonder why George's was so popular.
After we ate, we walked outside into the dying, late afternoon light.
A chilly breeze picked up, kicking the leaves around in little tornadoes, announcing the arrival of a cold front. The scent of wood smoke filled the air as people lit fires to enjoy the warmth of the season. It was like the town was pulled straight from a fairy tale.
Because of the beauty surrounding us, tourists came from all around, and we gave them a reason to stay. There were dozens of rentals throughout the town. From cute cottages to log cabins, there was something for everyone.
On any given day during the fall season, there could be dozens of people walking the streets, slowing traffic, and making life for residents a little annoying at times. But it was Nashville's livelihood.
For the first day of November, it was no different. People were everywhere.
As we walked toward Angela's car, the nagging feeling in my stomach increased a fraction, and I wondered if I was coming down with something.
Bugs was curled in my seat, waiting for me when I opened the door. Picking him up, I sat down, and let him get comfortable on my lap. After a few circles, he found a spot and began to purr in deep, choppy rumbles.
"Remind me again how you get away with taking this furball with you to work?" I knew the story, but I couldn't resist teasing her.
Angela sighed, "During the interview, I told the council about him. They said, 'Oh, bring him in. We love pets.'" The falsetto she used didn't sound like they loved anything. Her seatbelt clicked into place and she fished for her keys.
"The water supply must be tainted," my lips twitched.
"Ha, ha, very funny," she said.
"It lowers my opinion of you significantly."
"Why is that?" Angela turned to me in feigned surprise.
I laughed, pulling my seatbelt around Bugs. "I hoped you were secretly rebelling against them. Or something else equally exciting."
She snorted. "I wish. You're always dreaming up outrageous theories."
"Well, I am a writer. It's my job to find the interesting in the mundane. It just bleeds into all other areas of my life."
The old car sputtered to life and she rolled her eyes at me.
"You know, when this car starts, it has an odd sound. Much like this broken purr factory," I said, pointing at the dozing cat in my lap.
Angela shook her head, "Don't listen to her, Bugs," and put the car in drive.
That was when I saw him.
It was the ethereal glow surrounding him in a purple haze that caught my attention.
He stood at the opposite corner, his shoulder leaning against the ornate light pole in a casual stance.
Everything he wore was black, except for a gray and white flannel scarf that was wrapped around his neck. His hands were tucked into the front pockets of his pants. Straight, brown hair curtained around his face on one side and the other was tucked behind his ear, threatening to fall in the breeze. And stubble darkened his jaw.
Chocolate, brown eyes were focused on the pedestrians, watching them, as if he were looking for someone. His eyes flickered to mine and my breath caught in my throat.
That sensation in my stomach increased. Like I was yanked toward him. Whatever was going on with my stomach had something to do with him. But I didn't know what it was.
Hair on the back of my neck rose and goosebumps broke out across my skin.
Then, everything went into slow motion.
As the car began to pull onto the road, it moved at a snail's pace while the pedestrians were suspended. Bugs's purring machine slowed to an erratic heartbeat. 
And the soft breeze against the man's coat and hair seemed to hover around him. Weightless.
He held my gaze, and I couldn't breathe.
God, but he was the most gorgeous creature I ever saw.
Confusion flashed across his face for a moment. Then, a faint, knowing smile crept across his lips. 
I licked mine in response.
His eyes flickered down, watching the movement. The purple glow surrounding him bled into pink.
Holy shit.
My heart hammered in my chest at dangerous speeds, despite what was happening around me. Butterflies turned homicidal in my stomach, and I couldn't help myself. Tentatively, the corners of my mouth rose in a small smile.
Something about him made me feel alive again.
That knowing grin widened and his head bent forward as if to introduce himself. Those brown eyes never faltered and remained locked with mine.
Angela turned her head and made a noise, pulling my attention away, and I felt a whoosh as time returned to normal.
The wind continued with its original gusto, blowing the leaves around on the street once again, yet no one else seemed to notice anything happened. I wasn't sure Angela noticed. How could she?
I looked back to the man in the street. The breeze pushed his hair across his face, and in that instant, I wanted to feel his skin. Taste his lips. Feel the silkiness of his hair. The stubble on his cheeks.
What the hell?
It was illogical. I didn't even know him. But I couldn't tear my eyes away.
The engine revved and Angela punched the horn. I didn't understand what she was doing. But my eyes remained locked on the mysterious man in the street until she turned down State Road 135, leaving him behind us.
I could still feel his gaze on me.
It felt like I'd been burned, all the way down to my soul.
Chapter 2



The following morning, I walked the town hoping I could figure out something. Anything. There was a world I never knew existed until eight days before, when my grandmother died. And I knew almost nothing. My feet took me around the center of town three times and I was no closer to finding answers than when I awoke that morning.
With my mind whirling about the mysterious man in the street, Angela's reaction was even more confusing. In the years since we met, she never felt angry enough to force her way through a bunch of pedestrians in the street. 
When she dropped me off at home, I asked her, "What was that about?"
Her lips thinned and the vein running down the middle of her forehead was in full view, she mumbled something about a bad idea and that I needed to stay away from him.
There were about a dozen questions I wanted to throw at her and at least another dozen more follow-up questions, but I didn't push the issue. She was too angry to say anything else. I didn’t know why.
Since then, I wasn't capable of removing him from my thoughts. His image burned into my mind. He was as electric as he was captivating. I knew almost nothing about what it meant to be a witch or the world I was in, but I knew enough to know that whatever he was, he was not human.
Waving to one of the shop owners from outside her window, I snuggled further inside my wool pea coat and nuzzled my scarf for effect. The temperature continued to drop and I could feel moisture in the air. But with my new abilities, I wasn't cold. I didn't feel cold anymore. Or hot. 
Though I wasn't impervious to burns or frostbite and my sense of touch was unchanged, the two extremes no longer penetrated my skin.
For me, before those changes began, the cold started small. It began in my toes. The chill would spread like a frost. Slowly traveling, spreading from the inside out, as if the marrow in my bones would freeze first and then radiate outward.
The warmth hit my bloodstream, carrying it throughout like a fever, flushing the skin. Warming it. Often, sweat accompanied it as my body tried to cool itself down.
It was one of a long list of questions I couldn't answer. Of all the strange occurrences, why I couldn't feel hot and sweat or cold and shiver wasn't even at the top of my list.
Though it wasn't cold enough for me to worry about frostbite, I continued to wear my purple coat and cream-knitted scarf. Somehow I didn't think walking around a small town in twenty-degree weather with nothing more than jeans and a t-shirt would go over well. The last thing I needed was a big stamp on my shirt that said, FREAK. In all caps.
So I walked, hoping for some grand epiphany, knowing it would never come. And, yeah, to be honest, I hoped to see that man again.
I was so caught up in my thoughts that I never saw the woman holding a cup of coffee, and I walked right into her.
Coffee spilled down the front of her leather jacket. She cried, "What the fuck!" With her shoulders still raised from the impact, she looked down and glared at her front.
My hands shot out. "Oh, my god, I am so sorry," I said in slow succession. "I was so caught up in my own little world, I didn't even see you. Here, let's go into the diner across the street and get you cleaned up."
She looked up at me and recognition flashed across her features. That was odd. I'd never seen her before. The glow around her went from green to a thick, inky black that sparked with spikey edges. They ebbed and flowed around her as her eyes traveled from my head down to my toes. I couldn't tell if she was assessing me or checking me out.
"That's alright," she said in an Australian accent. "I wasn't paying attention either."
Her skin was pale and lacked color. Those icy green eyes held an outer ring of black. Straight, jet-black hair fell past her shoulders. She was thin, a few inches taller than my five-and-a-half feet, and looked even more so, with her dark, leather stiletto heels. Black nails, matching skinny jeans, and the hem of a creamy linen shirt peeked out from under her jacket. 
She was intimidating. 
And she was beautiful.
I didn’t know what to make of the glow around the woman in front of me other than the fact that she wasn't human, according to my grandmother, but her smile indicated she was genuine. Smiling back, I gestured toward the diner and we crossed the street.
"Heya, Aisling," George called out from behind the counter as we walked in.
I stopped in front of the Formica counter. "Hi, George. Mind if we use your washroom? We had a bit of an accident outside."
His eyes moved to the woman standing next to me and noticed the black liquid dripping from her. "You don't have to ask, child," he said and nodded toward the back.
We stepped into the washroom and I grabbed a handful of paper towels and wet them under the faucet.
"Your name is Aisling?" She shrugged out of her jacket and handed it to me before turning to wash her hands.
"That's right," I smiled and dabbed at the lines of coffee.
"It's very pretty," she said and dried her hands.
"Thank you."
"My name is Zoe. Zoe Kavanaugh."
"It's nice to meet you, Zoe." I inspected the leather and sighed in relief. "Looks like we got the coffee off in time," I held it up for her.
"I'm sure it's fine. Thank you." She didn't look away from me.
Odd. 
I handed the jacket to her and she shrugged it back on, pulling her hair out from underneath the collar. "Oh, it's no trouble. I'm just glad you weren't burned," I smiled. "Say, can I buy you a cup of coffee to replace the one that ended up on your jacket?"
"Sure!" she beamed, showing more enthusiasm than the situation called for.
Something wasn't right. I just couldn't figure out what it was.
We stepped out of the washroom and she followed me to two empty seats at the counter in front of George.
"Get it all cleaned up?" he asked.
"Yep, all better," I said, sitting down.
The man sitting to my left wasn't there when we arrived. As I was about to say hello, he took what looked to be his first sip of coffee, and then stiffened. His light brown hair and piercing blue eyes made him look normal, if not on the tall side. He laid a ten on the counter, mumbled his thanks to George, shot me a quick, tight smile, and then left, but I caught the wary glance he made at the strange woman.
I clasped my hands in front of me while Zoe sat down and faced me. George eyed her for a moment before looking back at me, waiting. Maybe it wasn't just me. "Can we get two cups of coffee, please?"
"Sure thing, Aisling." He turned to the row of porcelain cups on the shelf behind him and paused, "You want them for here, right?"
"Yes," Zoe said, without looking away.
Something about her was making me uncomfortable.
"Okey dokey, then," he shrugged.
I wasn't sure I wanted to stay any longer, but I didn't want to be rude. "So," I said, "what brings you to Nashville?"
George set up the space in front of us with a pair of cups filled with coffee and two spoons. He gave us a small pitcher of cream along with a bowl of sugar cubes. "There ya go. Lemme know if you need anything else."
"Will do, George. Thanks." I added the cream and sugar, stirred, and took a sip of the warm liquid all while I kept an eye on the woman next to me.
As the silence stretched on, I watched George making rounds with the pot of coffee. He was in his sixties, and he ran the diner for over thirty years. His bubbly, smiling persona made him a likable person. That, and he was always kind to me.
Zoe kept watching me with an expression I could only describe as hunger, and, at last, she answered, "Well, this town is so beautiful this time of year. I wanted to see it for myself." Her coffee was still untouched.
I nodded. "Yeah, we get the most visitors this time of year."
"So tell me about yourself." Not a question.
Squirming, I said, "There's not much to tell. I've lived here for a long time."
"Surely you've got family?"
"Um, no. Not anymore." Why did I feel like it was a mistake that I answered her?
"I'm sorry. I know it's not easy to be on your own either."
That's not what I said. 
But I let it go.
The conversation continued like that for another hour. She'd ask me questions and then respond without telling me much of anything in return. My unease grew as her questions started getting more personal. 
Too personal.
"How long have you been practicing?" she asked after George took our cups away. He eyed hers, cold and untouched, but said nothing.
From the way she looked at me like I was her next meal, I was smart enough to know not to talk to her about my status as a witch.
My eyes made a deliberate and pointed look at the clock above the counter and I feigned surprise, widening them for effect. "Oh, no. I've got to get going, I'll be late to meet my friend," I lied, slamming a five-dollar bill onto the counter. "It was nice meeting you!" I called, already halfway to the door. "See you later, George."
"Aisling," he said in farewell.
The sound of Zoe's heels clicking on the floor followed behind me. I kept going as alarm bells went off in my head. I made it halfway across the street when she said, "Aisling, Einfrieren des Geistes."
I froze mid-step. Right there in the middle of the street.
The woman walked up next to me and whispered something I couldn't understand because my brain wasn't working the way it should.
My feet carried me back toward the diner. She ushered me to slip in the narrow space between it and the next building.
Heart hammering in my chest, my fear grew to outright terror. The more I resisted, the harder it was for me to remember my own name, let alone that I needed to resist, or who the black-haired woman was as she stood in front of me. I knew, on a deep level that I was in serious trouble. And I didn’t know what to do.
A tear slipped down my cheek as the woman grabbed my wrists and her pale eyes slid closed. I felt paralyzed, yet electrified at the same time. My energy waned as the glow surrounding my captor brightened and bits of orange started to mix with the black.
Then, my vision narrowed and faded away.
Chapter 3



I couldn't see through my darkening vision, and I heard nothing but the blood rushing through me. But that feeling in my stomach intensified. 
Somehow, I knew. 
He was there. 
Right next to me.
My vision cleared enough to see him. His hands gripped the arms of the woman whose name I couldn't recall and said, "Aufhören. Zurückweichen," and severed her connection to my wrists, pushing her backward and away from me at the same time.
I blinked. While I was under, my senses failed me and I didn't notice the icy feeling that radiated through every cell in my body. I shivered, but the warmth came rushing back through my wrists.
"Connor! What are you doing here?" She beamed at him.
"Cut the crap, Zoe." He pivoted in front of me in a defensive position, blocking part of my view from her. His jaw clenched. "I know you've been following me."
"So?" she snapped. "You've found a fresh one. She's so powerful." Her gaze traveled over me again and I shivered. But not from the cold. As my brain started functioning again, I wondered what she meant by a fresh one.
The man she called Connor sidestepped, cutting off her view from me, and the green glow that surrounded him brightened. "That has nothing to do with why I'm here, and you know it."
"This one packs quite a punch, doesn't she?"
"Look, I'm sorry I failed you as a mentor, but I'm not going to allow this." His voice sounded gentle, but his posture was something different. He leaned forward and his arms were loose as if he was ready to act at any moment to protect me. I was too scared and confused to be flattered.
"We were much more than that," she purred.
Connor stiffened and said, "Not anymore."
Zoe's mouth opened, but my savior raised his hand — it wasn't a threatening gesture, but his glow turned purple and the air crackled around him. Then, her mouth closed.
"You will not pursue this woman. You will leave me alone, and you will leave this town. Now."
Anger erupted across her features and I could feel the two fighting for dominance. Defeated, she said, "This isn't over, Connor. I'll get what I want. I always do." Then she stalked away on her expensive stiletto heels.
"W-What just happened?" I asked.
After a long moment, he relaxed and turned to me. "Zoe tried to take your magic. Are you alright?"
"I-I think so." I couldn't stop shaking.
He watched me, and said, "The after-effects will fade soon."
Taking a deep breath, I asked, "How did you know what was happening? Where did you even c-come from?"
"You really don't know much do you?"
I bristled.
He must've noticed my flash of anger because his hands shot out in the universal signal for surrender. "I meant no offense," he chuckled. "My name is Connor," he extended his hand.
Somehow, I felt safe around him. Aside from the sincerity in his features, the color surrounding him was light blue, nothing like the black that undulated around Zoe. "Aisling." I took his hand. 
As soon as our palms made contact, I felt a zing of pure energy, but it wasn't uncomfortable, as electricity crawled up my arm. His eyes widened for a brief moment, but he didn't let go. Shaking my hand, he said, "It's very nice to meet you, Aisling."
Connor looked the same as the previous night, wearing the identical style of dark clothes, except he wasn't wearing the scarf. 
My mind was still trying to process what happened, so I wasn't sure I could trust myself in that moment, but every cell in my body told me that Connor wasn't a threat. Compared to the things I witnessed with Zoe — the weird, hungry stares, and the sinister glow that surrounded her — he showed none of those signs. I held on to that.
After all, I believed he saved my life.
"Correct me if I'm wrong,” I said and dropped his hand, “but I think you and Zoe are both witches, but you're not like her."
Confusion flickered across his face, and then he nodded.
"Okay, look, Connor, this might be coming from way out in left field, but as you've clearly already noticed, I'm way out of my league." Two baseball references in one sentence. 
God, but what was wrong with me?
He watched me and said nothing.
I sighed. "I need help."
"What do you need help with?" His arms crossed in front of his chest.
Standing at about six inches taller than me, he was even more breathtaking up close. His skin looked even better, like it was carved from stone, with his long hair curtaining around his face, tickling his stubbled cheeks as the breeze moved through it. And his deep, penetrating gaze burned me. But it was his lips that caught my attention. They held a perfect curve and enough thickness to make my mouth water.
"Everything. I only recently found out what I am. All I have is a book that left me with more questions than answers, and a library full of useless information. I don't have anywhere else to get answers."
"Why don't you start at the beginning and tell me what happened?"
"Well, it started on my birthday a few weeks ago. Little stuff, like whatever this glow—" I gestured to him "—is around certain objects or people."
"They're auras," he said. "Anything supernatural, or other will have one, including any objects that have been spelled."
"What do the colors mean?"
"The colors of the auras indicate the emotion or mindset of the creature it surrounds. As far as objects, it will represent the type of magic used to create it, dark or light."
That made sense. I sighed, "Other than what you've seen today, that's about all I know. I've tried a few spells from the book I inherited, but so far, nothing's worked."
"That's all you know?" he looked skeptical.
I nodded, leveling my gaze with his, and crossed my arms in front of me to reflect his posture back at him.
Lifting a hand, he stroked his chin and my eyes watched the movement. "You're telling me your powers just started out of the blue one day?"
"Yes."
"And you didn't do a binding spell?" he asked, stuffing his hands in his pockets when he caught me staring.
"No." I shook my head to clear it and looked back up at him. "I saw something called Binding of the Spirit in the book. But I never tried it. Why?"
He shook his head, "That's not possible. You have to do a binding in order to access magic."
"I don't know what to tell you." I shrugged, "I didn't do anything. It just started on its own."
Looking down, he ran his fingers through his hair, pushing it away from his face.
I bit my tongue. 
God, but I wanted to run my fingers through his hair. Get a grip, Aisling.
His eyes snapped back up to mine and caught me looking. Again. A faint smile crept on his lips just like the previous night. Pink dotted in with the light blue aura that surrounded him.
"You're obviously not the only one confused here. You haven't had someone explain anything to you?"
"No," a tear sprung to my eye at my grandmother's memory. I took a deep breath. "My grandmother died a week ago. It was right after she realized what was happening to me." Swiping the first traitorous tear that spilled from my eye since her death, I squared my shoulders and forced the onslaught of emotions that ran through me back down.
His expression softened, "I'm sorry, Aisling. Why don't you meet me at the North end of the Friend's Trail in the park at noon tomorrow? There's a big tulip tree there."
I nodded. "Yeah, I know the place."
"And bring that book with you."
"Okay."
He started walking toward the street. Turning his head, he called back, "And Aisling? Don't trust anyone."
After what happened with Zoe, I learned a painful lesson about how dangerous my life was. I could hear the warning in his voice, but I found myself giggling like a loon. "Yes, sir," I chuckled grimly and my shoulders sagged.
He stiffened and turned around, closing the distance between us.
My giggling cut off and I straightened when he reached me. His face was inches from mine and I couldn't help but focus my attention on his lips. The smell of wood smoke grew stronger, and I thought someone lit a fire nearby.
"This is not a joke, Aisling. If you want my help, then you need to do what I say."
I didn't know what to make of the bits of gray that seeped into his aura, but it was the look in his eyes that caught my attention. He was hurt before. And the vulnerability in his dark eyes sobered me.
That affected me on a deep level. "I'm sorry. I will."
"That includes me," he said, eyes searching mine. "It's too dangerous out there to trust anything." He waited, watching me.
I licked my lips. Not realizing what I was doing until his gaze dropped to watch the movement.
Without a whole street's worth of distance between us, the moment was far more intense and carnal. My eyes fixated on his mouth and god, but I wanted to taste his lips. Heat washed over me in a flash burn and my breath caught in my throat.
Connor's entire aura shifted to red and he straightened, eyes still fixated on my mouth. He took a deep breath and slowly looked back up at my eyes. "And stop doing that," he growled. With a final glance at my mouth, he turned and walked away again.
"Bye, Connor," I called after him and forced myself to breathe.
Without turning around, he waved a hand and then disappeared around the corner.
I was in trouble, all right.

After what happened earlier that day, I felt raw. A woman tried to steal my magic. I didn't know entirely what that meant, but I believed I would have died if Connor didn't save me.
There were so many things about him that captivated me. Though I lacked experience on the subject, I was attracted to him on a level that took my breath away. There was nothing about him I didn't like. During those last few moments with him, it solidified my attraction. I wanted to kiss him so bad my lips tingled.
For some reason, I was drawn to him more than anything I ever felt before. I didn't know how or why. But I knew, with every fiber of my being, despite his warnings, that I could trust him. Be safe with him.
It felt like the right thing to do, asking him for help. He was the first person to come along after my grandmother died that could help me — without trying to kill me. He saved me when Zoe attacked me. He also could have said no when I asked for help, but he didn't.
I pulled my curls into a loose bun at the nape of my neck and walked to my closet. The light flickered to life and the mirrors mounted on the insides of the doors reflected two angles of my body back at me.
My cheeks were flushed for the first time since my birthday. My eyes alight with life again. I forgot what it was like to feel alive.
Since Gramma's death, I was numb. Standing in front of Connor was the first time her death registered with me. And it was in front of Connor that I shed the first tear.
Her spirit emanated through the house. Her house. And the enormity of her loss was more potent once I realized my own ignorance could have cost me my life.
I stripped and dropped my clothes in the hamper. Then I put on my pajamas — a fresh pair of black panties and a matching tank top.
The mirrors reflected something that I didn't recognize. Before, I thought my features made me look, well, plain. But the woman looking back at me held red undertones in her brunette hair. Her peaches-and-cream skin was freckled, which only seemed to enhance her features. Her athletic build still allowed for an ample chest, and her lips were full, but not too much.
I was wrapped in a body that men seemed to enjoy looking at, but nothing more. My mother and my grandmother were both beautiful women. Why didn't I inherit that from them, too?
Sighing, I shut off the light and closed the doors, knowing I couldn’t force the grief away. Silent tears fell down my cheeks at their memory.
An authentic dream catcher hung above my bed, and an industrial light hung low from the ceiling. A perfect light for reading. My mother's grimoire sat on the massive, old wicker lantern that I used as a bedside table.
I climbed in bed, wiping my tears away while the creamy flannel sheets, and thick, striped organic blanket enveloped me with warmth. The light clicked off and I settled into my pillow, watching the pale blue glow of the moon filter through my wall of windows and billowy linen curtains.
It was my little refuge from the world. Before the world changed and the liveliness that filled the house was lost forever. And left me alone.
I allowed myself to believe everything was a terrible dream. Breathing in the familiar scent of apples that seemed to cling to everything, I imagined it was the smell of the apple pie Gramma would have made for dessert.
After we ate, she would have sat in a comfortable silence with me in the living room, crocheting while I wrote. When I headed to bed, I would have walked past her door, seeing her propped up on her pillows reading a book with a cup of soothing, hot peach tea next to her.
I fell asleep like that, daydreaming of a world I'd never experience again. A world where I wasn't alone.
Chapter 4



I looked at myself in the mirror, yet the face that looked back at me wasn't my own.
Her blonde hair was straight like straw. I wasn't sure if she used a flat iron, but the way it fell flat against her face made her look almost gaunt with her sunken eyes. She was terribly thin, worse than a model, and wore a black dress with a neckline that plunged almost to her navel.
Though there wasn't any cleavage — she wasn’t endowed with enough breasts to manage such a feat, the dress made her look even more malnourished. She smeared on harlot-red lip gloss and made a duck face in the spotted mirror when a knock sounded at the door.
Anticipation and revulsion washed over her, but she recovered and walked to the door. A man stood at the other side of the threshold. He smiled and looked at her, eyes gliding from the top of her head all the way down to her feet.
He wore a cheap suit, and it was frayed and dirty in places. It gave me the impression that it was the nicest outfit he owned. A leather corded necklace peeked out from beneath his stained shirt and seemed at odds with the rest of his appearance.
His mouth tasted like beer and cigarettes. She didn't seem to mind, but I reeled. "Joe," she purred.
Joe wiped the transferred gloss off his lips. His other hand went to the front of his pants to shift himself around.
Ew.
"Hey, Samantha," he drawled with a yellow-toothed grin.
"You got the money, honey?" she all but moaned.
"You bet," he said and pulled an envelope out of his pocket. Handing it to her, he reached down and rubbed himself.
She glanced at the money inside — it looked like a stack of about twenty, one-dollar bills — and dropped it on the thrift table next to her. "Come here," she purred, "let me do that."
The door closed behind him and he flipped the lock. Her hands rubbed him beneath the front of his pants.
Their encounter was nauseating, to say the least, and I wished I didn't see any of it, but after they finished, they sat up on the bed in the middle of the dirty studio apartment. They were naked, and each smoked a cigarette.
"Can I see you again?" Joe asked.
"Sure, sugar," Samantha breathed out a plume of smoke. "Just call Pete."
He took a drag off his cigarette. "That's not what I mean."
"I can't do that, Joe. You know that."
"So it's all about the money, then?" Anger crept into his voice and he stamped out his cigarette.
"It is to Pete."
"That's just fucking perfect," he shouted.
"Joe, you need to calm down," she put the cigarette down on her tray and turned back to him.
Confusion didn't cover what I felt in that moment. Samantha and I shared an understanding. We didn't know where his anger was coming from.
It was by far the strangest dream I ever experienced in my life up to that point. And, revoltingly, the most vivid.
"Calm down? Don't you fucking tell me to calm down."
The escort's eyes noticed the faint aura around the charm hanging from Joe's necklace. It pulsated with black.
"Joe, what is that?" she said, fear entering her voice for the first time.
He didn't answer. Instead, he lunged at her. His hands wrapped around her neck and he squeezed. Terror washed over her as she struggled against him, but he was too strong. Much too strong for her. 
And he didn't stop. 
As her vision went black, I woke up. And shot up in bed, gasping for breath. 
The pressure of Joe's hands lingered on my neck, and it hurt. Bad.
Between the gulps of air I pulled into my lungs, I whispered, "What the hell?"
Chapter 5



The following day, while I made my way to the park, I talked to Angela. Well, I listened for the most part anyway, while I felt that strange pull in my stomach growing stronger. She refused to let me off the phone until I agreed to meet her for dinner. I rolled my eyes and grinned, knowing she couldn't see it, and, after a long moment, said, "Fine, I'll meet you at George's at nine. Happy now?"
Ten minutes later, I walked down the Friend's Trail and felt the sensation in my stomach lessen a little, but I kept going. My boots thumped on the frozen ground until I reached the tall tulip tree at the North end. There was an envelope taped to the trunk with A handwritten on it. I opened it, read the directions, and my heart rate sped up when I read the last line. 
See you in a few minutes. ~C.
Stuffing the paper in my jeans, I feigned a stretch against the tree as someone ran by, knowing I looked odd with my heavy backpack on such a short trail. Once I was alone again, I tucked my hair behind my ear and stepped around the brush at the base of the tree. While I pushed through the dense foliage, I pulled at my plaid flannel scarf so it wasn't so tight around my neck, but it didn't seem to help.
Five minutes later, I stepped through the last bit of brush and bramble and walked out onto a clearing. The field was open and I gasped.
The field wasn't grass. Though it was the wrong season for them, I'd recognize them anywhere. It was filled with primroses. My grandmother's favorite. Their desiccated little petals blanketed the ground alongside fallen leaves.
Connor was standing in the middle of the space and walked toward me, his open coat billowing out around him, revealing a dark shirt beneath with the buttons open at the top. I smiled faintly at him and kept looking around, amazed at the little place inside the woods.
Near the eastern edge of the field, there was a creek a few yards wide that wound along the tree line. 
I froze.
A wooden bridge arched over the creek, providing passage without the need to end up on the other side with soggy shoes. I didn’t know how or why it was there. Maybe it was once a part of the park and over time, the space was forgotten. A lost relic in the middle of the woods.
But, I knew it ... from somewhere.
My feet moved toward it, as Connor reached me. He might have said something, but I didn't hear him. I forgot about the heavy weight of the book in my backpack. My shoulders no longer screamed in protest at the added weight. And my scarf didn't seem so tight anymore.
The bridge was magnificent, perfect. The stuff of fairy tales. I couldn't hear Connor behind me, but I could feel him there somehow — with that same pull — and I knew he was close, following me.
Stepping up onto the weathered base, I put down the backpack and ran my fingers along the railing. Images of my mother flooded my mind. It was the two of us, lying on that bridge, with primroses tickling my tiny feet as we watched the moon rise into the night sky. Out of the corner of my vision, Gramma tended a fire.
I didn't realize I was sobbing until Connor grabbed my shoulders and shook me. "Aisling?" his voice cut through my wails.
"No!" I cried as the images faded away into smoke, leaving me alone again.
"What just happened, Aisling?" Connor asked. At some point, while I experienced that foreign vision, he moved around me and stood at the apex of the arched bridge. But I couldn't answer him. 
My arms moved inside his coat and wrapped around his waist. And I hugged him while I sobbed.
After an instant of hesitation, he wrapped his arms around my shoulders. He smelled like wood smoke and it was as intoxicating as it was soothing to me.
Reliving a forgotten memory — of a time the two women that meant the world to me were with me and happy — left me raw. After several minutes, I regained control of myself. And, though I was reluctant, I pulled away from the comfort and safety Connor provided and wiped my eyes. I made sure not to touch the bridge again as I moved.
Connor watched me and waited, brows furrowed in concern. His aura pulsed with pink, dark blue, and gray.
"I'm sorry," I gestured at his wet shirt.
Looking down, he waved his hand, "I don't care about that. It'll dry. Tell me what happened."
"I didn't remember this place, not until I touched the railing," I eyed it with caution. "I only had a small glimpse of it. My mother and grandmother brought me here when I was little. My mother and I were laying here watching the moon rise while my grandmother built a fire over there," I nodded toward the pit.
"They brought you here?" Connor's expression of confusion intensified.
"Yes, why?"
"This clearing is spelled, only magical beings can enter. You shouldn't have been able to enter when you were a child." He shook his head, "This is where I met Jade Green. It's her clearing. Her space."
My eyes widened at the name, "You knew my grandmother?"
He raised his hands cautiously. "I didn't know your grandmother was the same woman, Aisling. She saved my life. I don't know why she saved me, but she did."
"What happened?"
"Two years ago, a small pack of werewolves were hunting me and attacked just after I entered."
"Wait. Werewolves?" I couldn't believe what I just heard.
"Everything is real. If you believe everything can be real — and I've yet to discover an instance where it hasn't been true — then you can prepare for them."
"Did you know about werewolves when they attacked you?"
"Yes. They caught me while my defenses were down."
"And my grandmother saved you?" I asked.
He nodded.
"How?"
"How else but magic?"
I laughed, but it sounded more like a sigh, "Good point."
"I found this place after a few too many drinks. One of the few times I ever drank alcohol. Jade was already here. She saw them and warded them off, but not before they gave me this," he pulled up the sleeve on his left arm, past the wide leather cuff on his wrist, and revealed three claw marks near his elbow, each about an inch long on his forearm.
Without thinking, I stepped closer and touched the raised scars on his arm with my fingertips.
"Jade saved me and patched me up over there by the fire," he nodded toward the pit and sitting logs around it. His aura was a deep pink as he watched me and I let my hand linger on his warm skin for a moment before I dropped my hand.
"That sounds like something she'd do," I smiled.
He lowered his sleeve and added, "I actually came here to pay my respects."
"She would have liked that," I said, trying to keep from crying again.
Shaking himself, Connor sighed. "Alright, tell me about your book."
I unzipped my backpack and handed it to him. He rested it on the railing and opened it, scanning the first page. Though he couldn't see me, I shrugged, "It was my mother's, that's about all I really know."
"Well, it's definitely a grimoire," he said, flipping through the pages. "These spells are quite unique."
"Okay?"
"It just means that maybe they were too intricate for a newbie." A teasing grin played at his lips and then he laughed at my expression from his last word. And his laugh was perfect. His baritone voice held a perfect timbre to it, and it slid over my body like a caress. "Kidding!" he surrendered, eyeing me again, but I didn't care anymore. After all, he was right.
He closed the book and put it back inside my backpack. "Ready to get started?" he asked.
I nodded.
"Lesson one," he straightened, "you need to cloak your power." He paced back and forth in front of me on the bridge. If it weren't for his clothes and long hair, I'd think he was a drill sergeant. My lips twitched from trying to hide a smirk.
"You can't hide your aura," he continued, "but you can mask it to something more normal. Because right now, you're glowing like a Christmas tree and you'll attract attention to yourself."
Of course I was a freak. "Okay."
He stopped in front of me, eyes boring into mine, "Close your eyes, Aisling."
I ignored the flips in my stomach and closed them.
"Now picture your magic as a glowing light that surrounds you — separately from your aura," he paused. "Do you see it?"
The light was so bright, it felt like looking into the sun. My eyes watered beneath my lids and I couldn't see my aura through the light, but I tried to focus on the magic as more of a mental guide. "I ... think so."
"Good, hold it in your mind and imagine it absorbing inside you. Safely contained within your body where only you can access it."
I did as he said, drawing in the light as if my body was a sponge soaking up water. After what felt like forever and, yet only a few minutes, I pulled it all in. I could see my aura but it was colorless.
"I think I've got it now," I said, keeping my eyes closed.
"That took an hour," Connor said from somewhere behind me.
"Seriously? That felt like a few minutes." I opened my eyes and turned around to face him. He was standing on the ground, right by the edge of the creek, looking up at me. "Sorry. It was a lot to pull in."
"You've got it there now, that's what matters." He smiled and my stomach flipped. "Every day, check again, make sure nothing slips out. Always reign it back in. Understand?"
"Yes."
"Good. Now, let's talk about defense."

We worked on defense for a few hours in the clearing. I learned more uses for German than I ever thought I'd need while I was in high school. Yet, nothing I tried worked. I wasn't sure if German was a kind of universal witch language, but I learned the principles of how to harness my power into a single word or phrase to protect myself. I just lacked the ability to use it.
"Why isn't it working?" I asked, resting my hands on my hips.
Connor shook his head, "I don't know yet." But I thought there was something he wasn't telling me.
With the sun fading in the sky, I looked up to see the moon peeking out at the edge of the trees above us, days from full, and sighed.
He followed my gaze and turned to me. "Since you haven't done a proper binding spell yet, I think now is as good a time as any."
"What do you want me to do?"
"Binding spells are like blessings. The witch blesses the moon, and the moon grants power."
"But I've already got power." 
Not that I can use it.
"That's not the point. The point is that our power is derived from the moon, and it's only fair to do a blessing to her in gratitude."
"Well, when you put it like that," I said, giving a half-shrug and let the words hang in the air.
"Binding spells are to be done at sites that hold extreme significance to the person doing the spell. Since the bridge acted like a magnet and returned a small glimpse of a memory, I think that's the best place to do it."
Connor walked to the bridge, and I followed, hoping that I wouldn't repeat my performance of sobbing in front of him.
"Don't worry, it's served its purpose. I doubt you'll see anything again," he said as if he just read my mind, pausing at the foot of the bridge. "In the middle," he nodded to the center of the wooden bridge where it stood at its highest point and I went. "Face the moon."
I positioned myself as instructed.
"Talk to her."
I froze. "What?"
"The blessing comes from the heart, Aisling. You've got to talk to the moon as if you're praying to her. Then when you're done, say thank you."
"I have to say it out loud?"
Connor chuckled up at me. Light blue filled his aura and he asked, "Why? Are you shy, Aisling? By little old me?" He pointed at himself. When I didn't respond — and I didn't think I could manage such a feat — his smile faded. "I know it seems silly, but it's necessary. Don't worry about me. You can do it."
Bloodthirsty butterflies were attacking my stomach again. Sure, I could forget he was there and spill my soul for him — and the moon — to hear. 
Right.
With a deep breath, my eyes closed, and I focused on the moon above me. "I'm new at this. So new in fact, that I'm only able to do this because Connor is helping me. I'm still trying to figure out what I'm doing, what I'm supposed to do, how to do it, but I have faith that I'll figure it out."
"Keep going," Connor ushered, and I sighed.
"I may not know why I've been gifted these powers, and I understand that I may never know, but I'm grateful for it, nonetheless. I'm grateful for everything I've had in my life. Even the bad parts."
I felt my mother surround me, and I could smell jasmine perfume. Something I didn't smell for a long time. And it was everywhere. "Momma," I whispered.
"I'm here, baby. I'm always with you." My ears didn't hear her. It was like she was speaking through water in my head. I felt her fade into me, like my magic when I cloaked my power. And just like that, she was gone.
The scent of apples filled my nose next and I felt my grandmother’s presence. I breathed her in like I did with every embrace we shared. It felt like she was hugging me. "Oh, Aisling," she said in the same watery haze, but her voice was unmistakable. "Be strong. Trust your heart. Always trust your heart." Then she faded the same way as my mother. Silent tears leaked from my eyes.
Whispers reached me next. Countless whispers. The cacophony floated around me for a moment before they all crashed into me with the force of a freight train.
"Oh, shit," I heard Connor whisper, but I couldn't place where he was around me.
In a shaky voice, I continued, "I'm only just learning about this world, but I know my mother and grandmother accomplished great things because of your care. Your devotion. And most of all, it was your gifts that made it possible for them to succeed." I sighed, "Because of what happened, I pledge to watch out for others and help them in their time of need, like my grandmother did for Connor. Like she did for me. I pledge my life that I'll do whatever it takes to protect the unprotected, care for the neglected. And I pledge to do this because you've given me the means to accomplish it."
I repeated "Thank you," in a whisper, over and over again, as I concentrated on the moon. I gasped as powerful emotions washed over me. I felt so many at once.
God, but they were more powerful than anything I ever felt before. 
For the first time in what felt like forever, I felt hope.
My eyes opened and I saw that I was no longer standing on the bridge. I looked down and Connor stood about twenty feet below me. 
I was floating in the air. 
Fear washed over me. "Wha—"
"Don't say anything or you'll fall," Connor cut me off in a rush and walked further up the creek where it was a little easier for me to see him. "You really are something, aren't you?" he smiled, shaking his head in disbelief. "Alright," he continued, "close your eyes and focus on the sound of my voice."
The cadence of it traveled through the night air and I felt it envelop me. "I'm not exactly sure what happened, but I can smell jasmine and apples all around us. You were glowing white like you were before you cloaked your power and then it disappeared. I've never seen anything like that before."
I focused, holding on to his voice like a lifeline while I tried to move toward him through his pull.
"You are quite an amazing creature, Aisling," he said with wonder in his voice, and it broke my concentration.

Flinching, my eyes opened. I was low on the ground, eating something bloody and raw. It tasted both coppery and divine at the same time while the dense foliage of the woods surrounded me.
A growl, deep and throaty, erupted from my lips and I shook my head violently. Dizzy, I looked down at the bloody mess of the remaining bits of a field rabbit that still lingered on my tongue. A pair of white, blood-stained paws peeked out at the base of my vision. Anger washed over me and red blanketed everything I could see before I tossed my head up into the air and howled.
First, I didn't know what happened — one second, I was me, and then the next, I wasn't. Second, the howl that erupted from my throat disturbed me on many levels. But it was that I heard the howl from what I could only describe as dual pairs of ears that was the worst.
The howl in my throat tasted like the moon — I didn't know the moon had a taste or how I knew what it was, but I understood it on some basic level — and it sounded even better. The cadence of the dual notes escaping my lips made my fur stand on end, and my skin felt like it oozed with life. It was both amazing and beautiful.
To add to my growing unease, I could also hear the howl from a short distance away, as if I were in two places at once. I didn't know how, but I was beginning to think that might be the case. After all, if Connor said anything was real, then anything was possible. It sounded like a typical howl. The kind I heard many times before in the woods.
Something filtered across my nose, a combination of electrified air and the scents of almonds, jasmine, and sweet apples hit me. It was faint but unmistakable. My hackles rose at the same time warning bells started going off somewhere else in my head. My legs carried me into the woods toward the source of that encroaching and unwanted scent. Then everything went black.
My eyes flashed open and I gasped, pain erupting over my backside. I looked up to see Connor kneeling over me and noticed I was sprawled across the cold ground. My feet were soaked with icy water and I glanced down to see my boots were dangling in the creek. I pulled them out of the water and tried to sit up.
Connor's strong arms lifted me into a sitting position. "What the hell just happened?" he asked before I could ask him the same question.
Then, something entered the clearing behind him.
Chapter 6



Strong muscles beneath the thick material of Connor's wool coat helped to steady me as I moved to my feet at the edge of the creek. My eyes were locked on the woods behind him and he turned to see the massive wolf step into the clearing.
As I pushed him behind me, I thought I saw him smirk, but I wasn't about to take my eyes off the wolf in front of us.
He was black except for his lower legs, which made him look like he was dipped in white paint. Those same, bloodied, white front paws were from my vision. The same growl, that rumbling tenor — not with the same complexity as I heard through his ears, but unmistakable — escaped from his throat. His lips pulled back, revealing sharp fangs. And his yellow gaze fixated on me.
I didn't know how to explain what happened, but there he was, in the flesh. The vision reminded me of the nightmare from the night before, and I began to wonder if that was real, too.
"Oh, shit," Connor muttered through chuckles of amusement. "I don't believe it."
If turning away from the wolf wouldn't result in my imminent demise, I would have glared at him. It wasn't like I attracted it on purpose. "Oh, cram it up your ass," I snapped and he erupted in guffaws. I didn't know what was so hilarious, but my lips twitched, despite myself. "Don't you see we're about to get eaten by a wolf?"
His laughter faded, "That is a werewolf, Aisling. Look at the size of him. Wolves don't get that big."
I assessed the beast in front of me and he was huge. He looked to be around two-hundred-pounds, definitely bigger than any wolves I knew about.
"Okay, so he's massive. That alone makes him a werewolf?" 
What was the point of that conversation? It didn't matter if the creature was a wolf, werewolf, or a two-hundred-pound fluffy bunny rabbit. It still wanted to eat us.
Connor sighed, "The aura."
Oh.
I wasn't trying to focus on an aura. He did say anything supernatural emitted one. I blinked. Though it was very faint from the darkness around us, the creature's aura was light blue.
A werewolf was standing in front of me.
How could my day get any weirder?
"Fine, you win. It's a werewolf. How do we stop him from killing us?"
"How about you try talking to him? I'm betting you startled him by emitting a bunch of magic." He paused. "Or perhaps you had sight and that's what got his attention."
"Sight?" The werewolf took a step forward and I took one back to maintain our distance.
"Seeing through the eyes of something else."
I straightened. "That's what that was?"
The wolf snarled.
"That would be a yes," he chuckled. He didn't sound afraid at all, and I didn’t know why. It would have helped if I could see him, but he stayed behind me. "Well? Talk to him."
This was ridiculous. A werewolf was seconds away from killing me, and Connor wanted me to talk to him?
My mouth opened, but before I could speak, the werewolf lunged.
I flinched, throwing my hands up in front of me in defense. The hair on the back of my neck rose.
The werewolf froze in the air, his front paws were extended, inches from me. I gasped and took in the sight of him. If I needed to guess his expression, I would have called it a combination of shock and annoyance. Those yellow eyes narrowed and orange seeped in at the edges of his light blue aura.
"I don't believe it," Connor mumbled. I turned my head to speak but he cut me off, raising his hand. "Don't talk, focus. Do you feel the magic rolling off you?"
I shook my head. 
How was I supposed to feel it?
Answering my unspoken question, he said, "You should feel the hair on your body rise, or goosebumps. Something like that."
Oh. I nodded.
"That means you've frozen him with your magic. You are actively using it right now. Remember that feeling, because when you use magic, it'll feel like that. This also probably means you pissed him off beyond reason."
As if in agreement, a growl escaped from the werewolf in front of me.
"And," Connor continued, walking around to my left, "that also means that you're going to have to let him go eventually and hope that you can get as far away from him as possible before he kills you — which is probably not possible in your case." He chuckled. "I've never seen anything like this before. It will be interesting to figure out what you can really do. If you survive."
My resolve faltered. The hair on my neck dropped and the werewolf unfroze, speeding through the air as if he never stopped.
I flinched again. My arms shot up to cover my face as I prepared for the werewolf to tear into me. Falling backward in the same instant, I landed hard on the frozen ground and it knocked the wind out of me. I kept my eyes closed, and felt a whoosh of air over me an instant later. But nothing happened.
After counting a few seconds, one, two, three, the werewolf never reached me. I opened my eyes, and saw the werewolf trotting over to Connor, wagging his tail. He sat down next to the man helping me and looked at me. His tail thumped against the ground, and he opened his mouth.
Did he just grin at me?
Their auras were almost identical. A mixture of light blue and orange. But Connor's added a little bit of swirling pink to the mix. The corner of his mouth curled and he walked over to me, helping me to my feet again. I straightened my jacket and glared up at him. "You jerk," I said, but a wide grin spread across my face. "This whole thing was a set-up, wasn't it?"
"Sorry, love," Connor said, shrugging and stuffed his hands in his pockets. "I'm not that much of an ass." He laughed. "Don't worry, I'll explain everything."
The werewolf huffed, shifting his front paws, pulling our attention to him.
"Oh, right," Connor smiled and turned around to face the wolf. "Thank you for your services, Salvatore. I left you something about a mile downwind." He raised his right arm, pointing toward the Friend's Trail, and the werewolf ran off into the night.
Connor turned back to me.
I crossed my arms and waited. My lips twitched as I struggled to glare at him.
"I wasn't going to let you get eaten. Let's get that out of the way first."
I nodded and dropped my arms.
"From the things you told me yesterday, I had a suspicion that you were more than just a witch." He held up a finger for me to wait before I could fling a line of questions at him. "First, you didn't do a binding, which is an actual spell by the way. Second, whatever it was that started your power wasn't the moon. But it seems the moon just finished it."
I took a deep breath, my eyes burning with tears. 
Gramma. Momma. 
Their scents. Their voices. It felt like losing them all over again. I forced my emotions down and waited.
"You see," he continued, "witches do magic with spells or charms. The levitation wasn't a spell, the binding wasn't a spell, yet you still did them."
"How did you know?"
"Like I said, I wondered when we talked yesterday. I asked Salvatore to hang around nearby to see if anything would happen. And it did." He paused and assessed me for a second before continuing. "There's this legend in our world of Earthen witches. Centuries ago, there were twelve witches that weren't confined by the power of the moon — spell magic. They were royalty in the supernatural community. They were hunted down and thought to be extinct. That's not to say that I'm convinced you are a full Earthen witch, but you've definitely got some traits that go in your favor."
"You just said they were extinct. How could I be one, or at least part of one?"
"That's a good question," Connor replied. "One I hope to find the answer to. Regardless, Aisling, we don't know how deep your power goes. You are special and until we figure out how to get you to use your magic, you need to be protected. Even a witch with some Earthen abilities is valuable."
"Okay, what does that mean, valuable?" I asked cautiously.
"Not what you're thinking," he chuckled. "There are plenty of people that will either want you dead, or that will want to take your power for themselves if word gets out about what you are, but I'm not going to do anything to hurt you, Aisling. Power like yours should be protected."
"What are we doing to protect me?"
"Nothing that hasn't already been arranged." He smiled and my breath caught in my throat. 
God, but he was breathtaking when he smiled.
"Don't worry," he continued, "I'm not going to stalk you or move in with you, but I have someone I trust watching over you when you're not with me."
I shook my head in mock horror. "How is that better? You're still stalking me by extension."
"Call it whatever you want." He shrugged. "It's not negotiable. You have no idea how much you are needed. I don't want anything trying to take your power. And I definitely don't want you to get killed. Or as with Zoe's case, both."
He just confirmed that the witch that attacked me would have killed me if her spell completed and he didn’t arrive to save me.
Well, that's peachy.
My phone vibrated in my pocket. "Fine," I sighed, defeated. I felt better knowing he was going to keep helping me when there was no obligation for him to do so.
"Speaking of utilizing my stalker abilities," he chuckled, "it's almost nine. We'd better get going and get you to your friend."
He must have followed me and overheard my conversation with Angela, but then slipped past me while I wasn't paying attention.
I narrowed my eyes at him. "You have no concept of personal boundaries, do you?"
He laughed again, but that time, he threw his head back and guffawed. My stomach did a few flips while I watched him. When his peals of laughter quieted, he wiped at his eyes with the back of one hand to catch some phantom tears.
"Who do you have following me?" I asked as we made our way into town.
"That's for another time," he evaded. "I'll pick you up at your house tomorrow at seven."
Of course he knew where I lived. I rolled my eyes and smiled, feeling better that he knew. Somehow comforted by the thought. "Where are we going?"
"What? Afraid it's a date?" he grinned at me, light blue aura swirling around him.
I blushed, hoping he couldn't see it in the pale light cast by the moon, and looked away.
"We'll go back to the clearing," he said. If he noticed, he ignored it. "I don't want you walking around at night by yourself while you're unable to reliably defend against an attack."
"I would argue with you, but I know that first, it won't matter. And second, I obviously still don't know what I'm doing."
"That's right," he said as we neared George's Diner. The warm glow of the yellow light fell to the street in front of us. "Now go inside, or you'll be late," Connor said with a smile and then turned, walking away.
"Why don't you come in? Eat with us," I said.
Though he didn't stop walking, he turned around and shook his head with a grin. "Goodnight, Aisling," he said and then turned away again.
"Goodnight," I sighed as he turned the corner and disappeared from my sight.
I didn't want him to leave, and I stood there, watching the darkness, feeling that pull in my stomach lessen.
I still felt lost. But for the first time in what seemed like forever, I had hope to hold on to.
Chapter 7



Angela's voice hit me before I made it through the door. "What took you so long?"
I glanced at the clock centered on the wall behind the counter. Five after nine. "Um, I'm only five minutes late." I pulled the backpack off my shoulders and put it on the floor as I sat down. "You don't need to send a search party unless it's been at least ten."
She laughed, "Well, it's not like you to run late to anything." She was right about that.
I glanced around. Several shop owners pulled a group of tables together and were sipping various hot drinks, chatting about the customers they served during the day. Business as usual in George's for a Monday night.
Though George closed most evenings by seven, like the rest of the businesses, leaving the center of town deserted, a few nights a week, he reopened for a few hours, to let the locals unwind.
Before Angela landed her job at the library, we sat anywhere a seat was available. But after, she chose to sit in the same seat, in the corner of the room. From her position, she could see out the window, the exits, and the rest of the main dining room.
From my position across from her, I could see out the window to my right or the counter to my left. I'd need to turn in my seat to see the dining area, and even then, the jut out of the front door would block most of my view.
"How was work today?" I asked as George walked over with our drinks. "Thanks," I smiled up at him.
"The usual, ladies?" he asked.
Angela nodded.
"Actually, I think I'll go with Gramma's Spaghetti." Both of them stared at me. I knew why. 
My grandmother gifted George that recipe not long after I was born. It was his most popular meal. It didn't taste the same as when she made it, but it was close. I was avoiding it in favor of cheeseburgers and fries. 
I shrugged, "I haven't had it in a long time."
A warm hand squeezed my shoulder for an instant before George walked off, calling behind him, "Comin' right up." Even though I didn’t see it, I could hear the smile on his face as he said the words.
Angela's jaw was plastered to the table and she was still beautiful. She wore a blue shirt but otherwise looked the same as always. Flawless. "Work was alright," she said, recovering. "Until a tourist came in with a kid. I mean, he was probably six- or seven-years-old, so he should have known how to behave." She took a sip of hot chocolate and licked the whipped cream off her upper lip.
I smiled. 
The precious whipped cream! 
The first time I saw her lick up the topping, she just shrugged and told me it was too tasty to waste. I wondered if George would serve her a mug full of whipped cream, but then remembered that the cup wouldn't have any hot chocolate. And we couldn't have that, either. At least she kept her priorities.
"So tell me about it," I prompted and took a sip of ice water.
"I spent most of the day setting up this display of bestsellers. Right after I finished, they came in." She shook her head, "I still can't believe it, actually."
She took another sip. "Anyway, the kid ran around like a little hellion. Ran from the front of the building to the back, back and forth." She waved her hand for emphasis. "The mother kept asking about buying the Harry Potter books. I kept telling her that she was in a library. Then the kid knocked over the display."
"Good lord! Did you say something?"
She took a bigger sip, repeating the gesture of licking the remaining whipped cream from her lip, and nodded. "Yeah, I did. She just looked at me like I'd grown a second head. The kid just smiled at me."
"That's awful."
She shrugged and took another sip.
"Excuse me?" someone said from the group of shop owners gathered in the dining room.
"Yeah," Angela said and I turned in my chair to look at them.
They were all watching us. "I couldn't help overhearing," the man said, "was the boy wearing a neon green vest?"
Angela's eyes widened. "Did you see them too?"
All of them nodded with various levels of irritation.
"I'm Allan, I own the Paint Shop up the road," he waved a hand toward the library. "Anyway, the kid went into my studio at the back and shredded the painting I was working on."
I couldn't imagine the kind of anger he felt over that. 
Jesus, but that kid was awful.
Not counting the library, in a total of eight shops represented in the diner, the kid destroyed merchandise totaling over a thousand dollars — each of which said the mother refused to pay. There were dozens of stores in Nashville. I wondered how many others told similar stories that evening. It was one of the downsides to drawing in tourists. Sometimes they were terrible.
If I knew what was happening, I would have called the police. Those men made their living from those stores. The mother and her kid walked all over them.
"All right," George said emerging from the kitchen and moved to the cluster of tables. His frail arm shook under the effort he used in a futile attempt to hold the full tray upright. The men watched him.
I was out of my chair and by his side just as the tray started to dip and fall from his arm. He sighed, straightening as I took the weight from him.
"Thank you, child," George breathed and hurried to unload the food.
"Don't worry about it, George," I said in a sweet tone, but my eyes glared at each man. They looked around at each other in shame. "You don't need to be carrying a tray this heavy and you know it."
Once he finished, he took the tray and disappeared into the kitchen.
Hands on my hips, I waited until the shop owners stopped shoveling food in their mouths to look at me.
"I'm sorry that you guys had a rough day. I really am. But sometimes you've got to get over yourselves. How do you think it felt for George to carry that weight by himself?" I pointed to the kitchen. "Did it ever occur to you that we need to look out for each other, instead of just sitting on our asses waiting for something bad to happen to someone else?"
Each of them looked down and hunched their shoulders with guilt. It would have been comical if the situation was different. Connor would have laughed anyway. That thought made me bite my cheek to keep from cracking a smile. 
In a lower voice, I said, "I suggest you take care of George properly after what you did to him. He has every right to stop opening at night for us. Do you want that?" Instead of waiting for a reply, I turned and went back to my seat.
George followed after me with a reasonable two plates on his tray.
Angela looked like she was about to applaud me when I sat down and George put plates of steaming food in front of us.
"You didn't have to do that, child," George whispered, smiling down at me, "but I thank you kindly."
"It's no trouble," I said. Then I added, louder, "They know better."
He patted my shoulder and turned. "Say," he looked back at me, "what happened with your new friend?"
Oh, she tried to kill me. No big deal. 
I wasn't about to tell him that. Telling the truth would attract attention and that was the last thing any of us needed. "She was just passing through." I shrugged. "She seemed a little strange to me."
An understanding smile stretched across his features and he nodded, leaving us to eat.
Allan stood up and grabbed the remote from the counter, turning on the small television that hung by the kitchen.
The screen lit up with a red banner flashing across the screen that said BREAKING NEWS. A picture of a woman flashed across the screen, and goosebumps broke out across my body.
"That's right, Tom. The body of a woman identified as Samantha Deveraux, a Bloomington resident, was found in a dumpster just outside town. Police have provided a preliminary cause of death as strangulation. They have no leads on a suspect at this time."
Just like that, I wasn't hungry. That was the picture of the same woman I dreamed about the previous night.
Suddenly needing more air, I pulled the scarf from my neck, setting it on the table next to me. I realized I didn't take off my coat yet, either. I rolled my eyes and slipped my arms out as Angela looked away from the news.
"Oh my god, Aisling!" Angela shrieked. "What the hell happened to you?"
George's white head stuck out in the opening to the kitchen as I looked at her in confusion.
"What in the blazes is going on out here?" George asked as he walked toward us.
I put up my hands in the universal signal for surrender. "What?"
"Your neck!" Angela said, still shrieking. "What happened?"
George stopped a few feet away. He gasped and covered his mouth with a soapy hand.
"My neck?"
"Seriously, Aisling. Who did this to you?"
"Who did what?" I gritted.
"Go look in the mirror, child," George said.
God, but my day was full of surprises. What could make it any worse? 
I flipped on the light in the washroom and gasped.
Angela's question made perfect sense. Who did this? was right. The face in the mirror looked back at me in horror. My neck bore what appeared to be deep bruises in the shape of several fingers.
I couldn't fathom why my neck was bruised. It was only a dream. It wasn't possible to sustain physical damage from a dream. 
Right? 
Seriously, Freddy Krueger was a fictional character for Christ's sake. My fingers touched the blackened skin and I hissed. The bruises were real. And they hurt like a bitch.
Angela appeared in the doorway and leaned against the frame, arms crossed. She looked calm, but I knew she wasn't. "Well?"
"Well, what?" I said. "Nothing happened."
She stepped into the washroom. With her eyes locked on mine in the mirror, she pointed at my neck and asked, "Then how do you explain this?"
"I don't know." I shrugged and turned to her. "I had a nightmare last night that I was being strangled, but this wasn't here this morning."
Her eyes were wide. "That's not possible."
"I know! I don't know what's going on, Angela. I swear. I. Don't. Know." I said the last three words in slow succession.
"Alright, I believe you. We'll figure this out later. Let's just eat and get you home."
It took twenty minutes, while I picked at my plate, to explain to George that it was a bad dream and nothing more. And no, I didn't know how the bruises ended up on my neck. At last, he suggested that Angela and I stick together.
I appreciated the concern, but it wasn't necessary. I told him so.
The circumstances surrounding my injury wouldn't protect me, no matter where I was. And Angela accepted my polite refusal without a fight, which was the last thing I expected. Maybe she came to the same conclusion.
I needed to talk to Connor. Immediately. But I didn't know how to reach him before the following night. In hindsight, I should have found a way to reach him if there was an emergency. He was supposed to protect me, after all. That was the first thing I was going to do when I saw him again.
With luck, I would survive until then.
Chapter 8



That day left my mind whirling in confusion. I barely wrapped my head around the concept of witches only to find out I was different. Connor and I spent the whole afternoon training with no success, but he took his time, learning what I could and couldn't do.
I was hit with more information than I knew how to process. And the more I learned, the more questions took their place.
There was so much, I needed to write them down.
I grabbed a notebook and pencil off my desk and started pacing my bedroom.
Dreams can hurt me. Could they kill me? How real are they? Were they somehow related to sight? Why did it take so long for the bruises to develop?
Sight - What exactly is it? How deep does it go?
Werewolves exist. What's their etymology? What else is out there?
Telekinesis? (Stopping werewolf mid-air)
Was I responsible for the slow-motion, too?
Levitation - How?
Spells are beyond me because I am at least partially Earthen - What exactly were they? Was I a full Earthen?
What about the pull?
I sat down at the foot of my bed and closed my eyes with the pencil and notebook at my side.
The distinct mark of fingers, obvious from the shape and pattern of the bruises, looked as bad as they felt. I could pass as a poster child for domestic abuse.
Despite what the bruises indicated, I wasn't abused and strangled the previous night. But I was no stranger to pain. No one deserved to go through something like that.
I was lucky. I survived.
Samantha Deveraux didn't.
When I crawled in bed, I sent a wish to the moon that my dreams would be safe. Instead of imagining a world with my grandmother still in it, I focused on Connor and drifted off to sleep.

I rounded the corner and saw her. The same woman from the previous night. The one with the librarian. Glowing and beautiful. She was glowing so bright, I couldn't make out her aura, but she looked scared, like she was about to start running from something.
Zoe stepped out of the restaurant, following quickly behind, her aura was a vivid black and it was undulating around her with darkened sparks and sharp edges. Her lips moved and the woman froze in the middle of Main Street.
I blinked. Though I was too far away to hear what Zoe said, I could tell from the way the woman stopped, that she was spelled.
Goddammit, Zoe.
As the two women walked away from the prying eyes of the people on the street, I followed after them, knowing what Zoe planned.
By the time I reached them, the woman's eyes were hooded and she looked like she was seconds away from losing consciousness. I severed the connection between them, knowing the power Zoe drained would return....
She said her name was Aisling. Her name was as unique and beautiful as she was, standing in front of me, shaking and wide-eyed in fear of what happened. She had some serious strength.
It was surprising when she asked me for help. She didn't know me, but she needed me. How could I say no? I knew I shouldn't accept, but I couldn't help myself. After all, I was there to pay my respects to Jade Green, the woman who saved my life. It was the best way to honor her memory....
Aisling turned to me for comfort. Sobs wracked through her and she moved right into my arms. I breathed in the scent of almonds. She was alright. She would be alright. That was all that mattered. I felt complete for the first time in my life....
Power crackled in the air around her, as if it was electrified in her presence. Just like I was.
Words couldn't do her beauty justice. Impossibly long lashes surrounded the bluest eyes I ever saw. Her hair was long and curly. A brown that was naturally highlighted, reddened a little from the sun. I wanted to touch them, feel them against my skin. Between my fingers. Just like my fingers itched to touch her flawless skin. Everywhere. Most of all, when she licked her lips, I wanted to taste them more than anything I ever wanted in my life.
It didn't matter that her magic was different. It made her more real to me, like she was a dream come true. I was drawn to her far beyond an obligation to the woman that saved my life. Beyond what Aisling was. It was her. The woman. And Jade's granddaughter needed me.
I was drawn to her like a moth to flame.
I didn't want to be, but I was hooked.
Chapter 9



I woke up from one of the most amazing and intense dreams I ever experienced. A dream that left me jumping out of bed in delight. Everything in it was Connor. I heard his thoughts, felt what he felt, saw what he saw. I looked out my windows, trying to calm my racing heart.
For an early November day, it was cold outside. Snow fell overnight and left a dusting over everything, except for the pavement, which was still warm enough to melt it. A little bit of color peeked out from behind the blanket of white, where leaves were frozen to the ground. There was so much beauty in the way everything was preserved in frost and a dusting of white snow.
Or, maybe it was just me.
I cooked scrambled eggs for breakfast, the first time I made something other than cereal and popcorn since my grandmother's death, and ate in silence. Then, I changed, sport bra beneath a green tank top and gray hoodie, black yoga pants, and tennis shoes. I started up some music next, stuck the buds in my ears, and walked to the park to run a few miles on the hiking trails near the main entrance.
About halfway through, with a mop of hair bouncing at the back of my head in a loose bun, I realized what I forgot. In the twenty-degree weather, I wore a thin gray hoodie. Though I wasn't just running in my tank top, I needed to be more careful. When it felt safe to do so, I turned around and ran home.
After showering and shaving, my wet curly hair fell over my shoulders and curtained around my face. My fingers squeezed them into shape, like tightening springs in my palms. If nothing touched them the rest of the day, the curls would stay bouncy and perfect. Otherwise, they'd frizz and force me to pull them up in a ponytail. It was a rarity to achieve perfection, which was why I always kept a hairband ready.
I dealt with it all my life, and I learned to anticipate it a little better over the years, using only products that allowed it to behave while still looking natural at the same time. I wouldn't touch a flat iron or curler to save my life, but I sometimes used a big diffuser on my hair dryer's cool setting to dry it a little faster, but that was tricky to pull off. Otherwise, I let it dry on its own.
After my dream the previous night, I wanted to look as nice as I could when I saw Connor again. Whether that dream was real, like the one I experienced when Samantha Deveraux was killed, it didn't matter. The dream electrified me, made me feel empowered, like I could do anything. And I couldn't stop smiling. The sound of his voice — his thoughts — were the most powerful words I ever heard.
My grandmother told me to trust my heart, and it was telling me to trust him. It felt like my heart was a flower, blossoming in my chest at the first real bit of happiness I felt in a long time. It was pushing me out of my comfortable cocoon of detachment.
Grinning at myself like a loon in the mirrors, I tried to see the beautiful woman in my dream. My favorite jeans hugged my curves, revealing the shape of my body beneath the dark material. A long-sleeve scoop neck black shirt cut low enough on my chest to show some creamy skin, without showing too much cleavage. My eyes were bright and, even though my hair was still wet, it looked good. But I still couldn't see the beauty Connor saw in the dream.
I went downstairs and made lunch, another simple meal. I pressed play on the sound dock and listened to more music, to let my mind wander. My phone buzzed while I sat down, and as the taste of green beans exploded in my mouth, I fished out my phone.
It was Angela. You doing okay?
Yes, I typed in response.
Anything weird happen last night?
I smiled. There was one insane, yet interesting dream and I was downright giggly from it. But I didn't think telling her that would go over too well. Instead, I settled with, No, you?
Nope. 
I waited, expecting more, but she didn't send anything else. The library was probably busy, otherwise, she would text me for hours.
Taking advantage of the free time, I spent the rest of my afternoon attempting to write. But from everything that happened, I couldn't focus.
Where the library was Angela's solace, writing was mine. There was no comparison to creating a world full of life that I could weave in my mind, escaping into it whenever I wanted. It was my livelihood. It was my career.
Before graduation, Angela read my novel and proceeded to rave about it, insisting I submit it for publication. Though I humored her demands, I didn't think anything would happen. After the first three rejections, I was certain I was right. But the fourth wasn't, and my novel would be on the shelves the following summer. It was still hard to believe. 
Angela Williams landed her dream job, and so did I.
After a while, I gave up and paced the living room, waiting for Connor to arrive with nervous anticipation. Trying to figure out how I would explain the dream of the dead woman, and the bruises on my neck. As I chewed the last bits of a granola bar, I figured answering my door looking like I survived attempted murder was a bad plan. 
So I decided to break it to him with care. With a hiss from the pain, I pulled on a thin turquoise scarf, concealing the bruises from view while I tried to ignore the odd, sick feelings of anticipation in my stomach.
Around fifteen minutes before seven, a single knock rapped on the door. But it sounded more like a kick than a knock. And, I felt off. That pull in my stomach was still faint. Maybe there was too much sugar in the granola bar.
I swung the door open, and the blood drained from my face.
At my door, a man stood, grinning at me with yellow teeth. A man I hadn't seen in a long time. Not long enough. That granola bar turned into a hard lump in my stomach and heat erupted across my body in a flash burn.
"What's wrong, girl? Aren't you going to say hello to your father?"
My body tensed and I swallowed. "You're not my father," I said through gritted teeth.
He took a step toward me and I forced myself not to cower. "Details, details," he clucked his tongue at me, shaking his head in a slow motion. I knew that combination all too well, and I concentrated on my breathing. "Step-father, then," he eyed me, waiting.
My step-father looked almost the same as I remembered with his dark clothes, short salt and pepper hair, deep blue eyes, and goatee. But he didn't seem like a giant any longer. He wasn't as tall as Connor, and from his close proximity, his hot breath hit my face. Bile rose in my throat as I smelled beer, but I forced it down. 
His eyes fixated on me in the way they always did, assessing me.
"What do you want?"
He straightened, surprised by my tone, "Now, that's not very nice of you." He took another step and stood right in front of me. Almost touching. But I refused to back away. His hands balled into fists in my peripheral vision as if he ached to use them against me.
"What do you want, Martin?" I repeated with more emphasis.
He didn't answer. He watched me for several moments as his jaw clenched. I felt his anger rising and it flowed off him like tar. 
At last, he raised his fist and I flinched.
Chapter 10



One second my step-father was in front of me, and the next, his surprised voice filled the darkness. But it wasn't in the same place.
My eyes flew open and I saw my step-father fly backward. All the way across the street. Martin landed in a heap with a loud grunt. Amazement and fear crossed over his features, like he just discovered gold, but the canary stopped singing. I stepped forward until I was at the edge of the front porch and I glared down at him.
Connor ran up the sidewalk a moment later. He looked at Martin lying in the street, then up at me. "Are you alright?"
"What the hell are you doing talking to that little witch?" Martin bellowed. "She's dangerous! Did you see what she just did to me?" Though he was shouting at Connor, his eyes stayed locked with mine.
After a long moment, Connor glanced at my step-father, before looking back at me.
I knew what I looked like. My hands were balled into fists at my sides. Shoulders stiffened. And my head was tipped forward with my hair blanketing around my face, covering me in shadow. I was breathing hard while I stared at Martin.
Watching him move to his feet, he started stumbling toward me, more inebriated than I thought while he was standing on my porch. I knew that stagger. Too well.
Connor's hand shot out to stop my step-father from coming any closer. "Listen, buddy, I don't know who you are—"
"I'm her fucking father," Martin spat as he reached the middle of the road.
"Maybe you are," Connor shrugged. "I don't know and I don't care."
"She's a witch!" He yelled again, pointing at me. "She needs to die!" With another unsteady step, he stood a few feet away from Connor.
"No." Connor side-stepped, taking the same protective position he used against Zoe. He looked like he was ready to fight. His aura was hard to decipher without taking my focus away from Martin — and I wasn't about to do that — but I thought I saw green. I didn't know what to make of that. "Look, you're drunk. Why don't you go home?"
"I'm not nearly drunk enough," he took another step, coming too close to Connor for comfort.
A hiss escaped from my mouth and Martin froze, his eyes widening as he looked up at me.
Connor held out his hand, gesturing at my step-father to stop, "I wouldn't come any closer if I were you."
"This isn't over, you little bitch. You will die. I will make sure of it. Just like I did with your mother."
What does he know about my mother? She died in a car crash.
A shiver wracked through me.
"Go home," Connor growled. "I'm not going to say it again."
Ignoring the warning, Martin continued, "That's right, girl. I killed your mother for being a witch. And I'm going to kill you, too." Yellow teeth smiled up at me.
"That's enough," Connor bellowed.
"You can thank the old hag for me finding you. I remembered nothing about you. For a decade. She dies and all of a sudden, there you were again. All those memories came flooding back. And what lovely memories they were, weren't they? I should have killed that old woman myself. But that doesn't matter now. You're next, Aisling."
Rage filled me and my vision turned red. I focused on Martin's throat and felt the hair on the back of my neck rise as he started choking.
His hands clutched at his throat as he fell to his knees, making odd gurgling sounds. Realization dawned, and his eyes widened.
That's right, I'm using magic to choke you.
Connor turned and looked up at me. I couldn't see his face, but he left Martin choking in the street and ran up the steps leading to where I stood in the next instant.
"Aisling, stop!" Connor said. He stood on the step just below me, his face level with mine blocking my view from the bastard below. Warm hands grabbed my shoulders.
After a long moment, my eyes refocused on the man in front of me. The wide-eyed fear on his face caught my attention. His eyes flickered back and forth between mine while his aura pulsed in a sickly gray glow. The red faded from my vision.
What was I doing? I was killing my step-father. And Connor was afraid of me. 
I exhaled. 
When did I start holding my breath? 
Magic stopped rolling off me and Martin gasped as his airway opened, leaning forward and gulping in huge pulls of air.
Connor stayed where he was, but turned his head to the side, regarding my step-father. His jaw clenched a few times before he said, "Leave. Now. And don't come back." He turned back to me, eyes searching mine once more.
The warmth of his hands left my shoulders and his palms moved to my cheeks in the next instant. Though my eyes were on Connor, they weren't seeing him. All my attention was still focused on Martin. Like I was waiting for him to make a wrong move.
My fists clenched, and my shoulders refused to relax. I waited, breathing hard, and listened to the stumbling, erratic steps of my step-father as he walked down the street without another word. When he rounded the corner and those shuffling sounds faded away, my senses refocused.
Connor's deep brown eyes were watching me, searching me, coaxing me to calm down. His thumbs caressed my cheeks and I knew the significance of his hands on my skin. But I couldn't feel it. Couldn't respond to it. I wanted it since the first time I saw him. And when it finally happened, I was numb.
Shudders wracked through me and I closed my eyes.
Please, god, just let me feel him. I don't want to deal with this.
"No, honey, look at me."
A blur of tears filling my eyes prevented me from focusing on his face.
Don't cry. Please, don't cry.
Adrenaline and the last bit of magic I didn't realize I was using left my body and the weight of what happened hit me like a truck, slamming into me and knocking the air out of my lungs.
"It's alright, Aisling," he said, and I couldn't hold it off any longer.
I broke down in Connor's arms, tears streaming down my cheeks as my knees gave out.
Chapter 11



Connor caught me before I hit the cold concrete of the porch and pulled me into his arms. I wasn't thinking. Couldn't think. I wrapped my arms and legs around him, and sobbed into his shoulder, breathing him into my lungs.
His arms wrapped around to hold me, carrying me with ease, and kicked the front door closed, locking it behind him. When he reached the couch, he leaned forward to deposit me in the seat. But when his grip around me loosened, I held him tighter. He didn't protest. He just tightened his arms around me again and sat down.
I didn't know how long it took for me to calm down. It seemed that I was losing track of how long I was caught up in crying while he was around. And I never cried. Strong arms surrounded me, held me, while he whispered, "Shh, it's alright," over and over again.
It felt good to be in his arms. It felt safe. I couldn't remember the last time I felt so safe. Inside his arms, the material of his coat cocooned me like a soft teddy bear. But underneath, he was hard muscles and toned flesh. He smelled even better. Wood smoke never smelled so good.
When I calmed down and my mind returned, I felt all the wetness on my face and Connor's shoulder and realized what happened.
I pulled back, trying to hide my face. "Oh, my god," I muttered, sniffling, and wiped my tears — and, oh god, snot — from my face with the sleeves of my shirt. That was not attractive at all. I was horrified. "I am so sorry for doing that again."
"Stop saying you're sorry for crying," he said, his aura swirling with a dark pink and blue. "I'm fine."
Then I noticed our position on the couch. I was straddling him and my legs were still locked around his waist.
The first thing that crossed my mind was a combination of horror and excitement that I was sitting on him in such a, well, potentially provocative position. The second was that my legs were tangled behind him, not tucked under me, which would make removing myself from around him a tad tricky.
Extricating my limbs would take some careful consideration. As much as I wanted to stay in that position with him, it wouldn't be appropriate. After considering the situation, I decided on doing what I thought would keep me from accidentally grinding against him. But when I shifted, I did just that. I froze, gasping, feeling the hardened length beneath the front of his pants.
Connor grunted and the darkened pink in his aura shifted to red.
This is not happening.
"Um," I started, feeling my face flush. I didn't know if he really wanted me, or if it was just a reaction to the position we were in. But it didn't matter. It ignited something in me. Something deep that whispered his name. Pleaded for him.
"Here, let me help," he breathed, and then tightened his arms around me before he stood up.
As he lowered me to the ground, it took all of my control to not make a sound as I felt him, the entire way, as my legs slid down his body. I shivered and my mind escaped me. I forgot to release my arms from around his neck, and it forced him to bend down. He was close to my face, watching me. 
His hair fell forward in the process, curtaining around his face. He was close enough to touch. To kiss. I licked my lips as I stared at his. He looked down at mine. The red in his aura brightened a fraction, and he raised his eyebrow at me.
Oh, right.
I blinked and let go of his neck, dropping my arms to my sides.
He straightened, grinning when I looked away. He took off his coat and sat down on the couch. As if nothing happened. He looked completely comfortable in my living room. The couch was big, but he seemed to take up a lot of space. I watched for a moment while the red in his aura lightened.
I took a deep breath and sat down on the seat, facing him. He shifted and turned to face me, resting his arm on the back of the couch.
"Did that hurt you?" I asked.
"Did what hurt me?"
"Um—" grinding against you? "—sitting on you while I cried all over you for who knows how long."
"Oh, it was about fifteen minutes. And no, it didn't hurt." He watched me as I flushed again.
That was a silly question. Of course it didn't hurt him.
"Okay," I said, avoiding his gaze, "thank you."
"For what?"
I laughed and his eyes followed as I began unwrapping my scarf from around my neck. "Uh, I seem to keep crying around you. And you keep letting me cry on you."
His eyes narrowed. "Was that another apology?" I tossed the scarf over the back of the couch and he eyed my neck. As I was about to answer him, his aura shifted to gray and he blurted, "What the hell is that?"
He moved fast, closer until our knees touched. But his hand moved with a deliberate slowness to my throat, and his touch was like a feather when he lifted my chin. He traced the bruises on my neck with his fingertips. I knew the harsh coloring on my skin faded a little from black and purple to a less menacing blue and gray from the night before.
"You should have seen it last night," I said and his eyes widened, looking back up at me.
"You were strangled last night?"
"Not exactly."
"Tell me."
Twenty minutes and several follow-up questions later, Connor determined my sight went beyond what he thought possible, confirming my suspicion that the dream was sight. His explanation for the bruises involved the spelled pendant that hung around Joe's neck. But there were still a few unknown variables to the situation.
"Since the woman died and you didn't, either you managed to break yourself away with magic or the pendant wasn't powerful enough to take you," he said. "The pendant also explains why the bruises didn't show until later. Magic like that, running through the filter of a dream-sight would take a while to show any lingering effects."
"That reminds me, I had, well, I still have no way to reach you if there's an emergency."
"I don't have a phone, but I'm beginning to see how I might need one."
"I can buy you a phone if you want," I blurted.
"What?"
"Well, I have money saved up."
He narrowed his eyes and waited.
I fidgeted. "Okay, so after college, I got a book deal and they gave me an advance," I said in a rush.
"You think I'm broke?" he smirked as his aura swirled with light blue.
"No!" I laughed, picking up on his teasing a little better. "If I am the only reason you need a phone, then it's only fair I pay for it."
"No," he chuckled, "I'll get the phone, Aisling. It is fun watching you squirm though."
My cheeks flushed again. "Okay."
"So, you're a writer?"
"Yeah, why?"
He shrugged, "It suits you, is all."
"Thank you," I smiled at the compliment.
His eyes dropped to my mouth and flickered back up to my eyes again. "You're welcome. Do you want to tell me about the man claiming to be your father?"
My good mood faded away and I sighed. "There's not much to tell. I never knew my real father. Martin was my step-father. He married my mother when I was three, and started beating me almost immediately after. My mother never knew and only left him because he beat her one night when I was eight. She moved us here to be near my grandmother."
I took a deep breath, fascinated with the stitching on the inseam of my jeans. "My grandmother adopted a German shepherd puppy for me when I was ten, and I'd been teaching it obedience and tricks." I paused.
Connor's warm hand covered mine. "It's alright. Go on," he said, low.
"Anyway, I loved that dog. Martin lied and claimed he was sober for a while and started coming around again. One night he started drinking and thought it would be fun to feed Jackson antifreeze and force me to watch him die. My mother died in a car accident a few days later." Something flitted across my memory, but it was gone before I could catch it.
"Jesus, Aisling. You didn't deserve any of that, and you certainly didn't deserve anything he said to you tonight."
I wiped a tear off my cheek and dropped my eyes. "He'd been gone for so long, I hoped I'd never see him again." I shrugged. "I have a hard time trusting people and feeling safe, but I try to help people whenever I can."
We talked for a long time after that. We took turns laughing at things that were said, gestured, or otherwise implied. It felt good to have a normal conversation with him.
Sometime after two in the morning, I yawned and grabbed the Native American blanket off the arm of the couch, looking up with doe eyes at the man sitting in front of me with an unspoken question.
Connor chuckled. "Come here," he said, and kicked off his boots, clicked off the light as he laid down on the couch, and opened his arms. After my boots were discarded on the floor, I snuggled up next to him and tucked my shoulder under his arm. I laid my head on his chest and draped my arm over his abdomen. He fixed the blanket and then wrapped his arms around me.
The sound of Connor's heart beating in my ear and the slow, steady rise and fall of his chest as he breathed lulled me to sleep. And we slept like that together until just after dawn when something scratched at the door.
Chapter 12



My mind woke up in a haze and I nuzzled my cheek against my pillow, smiling. It smelled different than I remembered. I cracked my eyes open and realized I wasn't in my bed.
In the early morning light, the room was still dim, but I could see well enough. I was in the living room. And I wasn't alone.
The blanket was pulled halfway off Connor and draped over me, but he looked comfortable. With my back against the couch, while he laid flat, my right arm was pinned underneath me. My left arm ran the length of his long torso and my hand splayed on his chest. His right leg fell to the floor sometime in the night, and his other was buried under both of mine.
I smiled again. 
God, but it felt good to be in his arms. 
I hardly knew him, but I felt comfortable in his presence. He made me feel safe. And I never slept that well for as long as I could remember. Despite knowing the odds of waking him, I turned my head to look at his face.
The aura around him was a faint dark color, purple I thought, but it was hard to tell for sure in the limited light. He didn't wake up. He didn't even stir. I took advantage of the moment to study him.
He looked peaceful. With the angle of his head on the pillow, he was close enough to smell my hair. His breathing was steady and his hair looked as good as always against the pillow.
I forced myself to keep my free hand from running through his hair, feeling the stubble on his face, and tracing the curve of his lips.
Connor shifted under me, pulling me out of my wayward thinking, and I gasped. His hand lifted and ran along my forearm in a gentle caress. I watched in fascination. The tendons and veins that ran through it were barely visible in the low light, but it was captivating. His long fingers looked even better as they moved with precision over the fabric of my shirt. And I shivered.
"You're not supposed to stare at people when they're sleeping," he mumbled.
If he remained still and quiet, I would have thought he was asleep. The color in his aura was a faint purple, unchanged. Was he awake the whole time? I narrowed my eyes. "It's not nice to pretend you're asleep," I said.
His lips twitched and he cracked open an eye to look at me before opening the other. "Good morning, Aisling." The arm wrapped around me and his hand on my arm both squeezed me a little, which I took for a hug. Then his arms lifted and he stretched.
My first instinct was to move away and give him space, but the feel of his muscles moving under me made me freeze. It was all I could do to not bite my lip.
When he finished, his hands moved back to their original positions. Then he lifted his head and looked down at our legs. His aura changed, and even in the dim light around us, I could tell it was light blue. "Huh," he said, and dropped his head back to the pillow. "Well, that explains why my leg is asleep."
"Shut up," I laughed and pinched his chest.
"Ow!" He laughed, "I'm kidding, Aisling. You were keeping me warm since you managed to steal most of the blanket."
Fix it. Fix it now.
"Sorry," I mumbled and pulled away, trying to touch as little of him as possible. He let me go and waited while I fixed the blanket. When I finished, I didn't move. My eyes squeezed closed.
"Aisling." I flinched as his warm, gentle fingers touched my cheek, but he didn't let me go. He waited a few moments before he coaxed me to face him. "Look at me."
I opened my eyes and focused on his while I tried not to shake.
"Don't apologize. You didn't do anything wrong. I was only teasing," he said and his thumb caressed my cheek.
I sighed, "I'm sor—"
Connor raised his eyebrow.
"Right, well, it's just," I paused, "I was beaten for much less, so it's a little hard for me to not resort to apologies, even if you're joking."
"I understand that, and you have nothing to apologize for. Nothing, Aisling. I'm going to get you out of that habit if it kills me, and I have a feeling it probably will," his lips twitched.
"I hope not," I said and tried to feign a smile. I heard the noise again. A scratching sound on the door. The noise that woke me. I thought I dreamed it. "What was that?"
"That would be a friend of mine," Connor replied and stood, holding his hand out for me.
Though I was capable of moving to my feet on my own, I couldn't resist the unspoken offer. I took his hand and allowed him to help me up. "Oh, shit," I mumbled as my free hand went to my hair, realizing, too late, that it was a complete mess. I smoothed it back away from my face and secured it into a loose ponytail with the band on my wrist.
Connor watched me and, after a few moments, said, "You look beautiful either way."
I froze. Those words reminded me of Connor's dream. Was it possible to have dream-sight, as he called it, of a dream? Because his behavior was leading me to believe it was real. "Thank you."
"You're welcome. You ready?" he asked, pulling on his boots and coat.
I stepped into my unlaced boots, not bothering to tie them, and nodded.
He walked to the door, unlocked it, and put his hand on the knob. "Aisling, I'd like you to meet my friend, Shadow," he said and opened the door.
No one was there. I looked back at him and he held out his hand. I took it without hesitation and followed as he stepped out on the porch and stopped.
"What's going on?"
"Trust me, just this once," he whispered and pointed toward the left side of the porch.
The porch was small, and there was a tiny table flanked by two chairs. A constant reminder that my grandmother would never sit there with me again.
At first, I didn't see it, because it blended so well with the bare, white wicker chairs. But it was the faint, creamy purple glow that caught my attention. 
I blinked.
The werewolf sat on the chair in front of the window like he belonged there, filling up the available space. He was huge, bigger than Salvatore by at least fifty pounds. And so far, much more polite. His fur was white and his eyes were a light brown that looked both familiar and intelligent, as if he was much more than just a wolf. And I could sense the humanity behind them that he was trying to hide.
He was beautiful.
"This is Shadow?" I gaped.
"I was alone for three years until Shadow came along. That was almost nine years ago. We've been friends ever since." Connor sounded sincere, and I could hear in his voice how much he liked the massive wolf in front of me.
Shadow made a strange huffing noise, like a throaty snort, and his tongue lopped out the side of his mouth in a wolfish grin.
I smiled.
"Go over to him," Connor let go of my hand and waved his arm. "He won't bite."
I walked to the grinning werewolf. "It's lovely to meet you, Shadow."
His paw lifted into the air. I laughed like a loon and shook it. 
I couldn't believe it. I was shaking hands with a werewolf.
"He's the one that's been keeping an eye on you."
"Thank you, Shadow," I said, smiling at him. "Would you like to come inside?"
Shadow jumped off the chair and trotted inside the open door. For such an immense animal, he moved with stealth. I heard the faint clicking of his nails on the concrete, but somehow, I knew he did that on purpose.
Without a word, I walked back to Connor. My arms slid around his waist, and I hugged him, resting my cheek against his chest.
He wrapped his arms around my shoulders and hugged me back. "Hey, what's this for?" He bent his head down and pressed his face into my hair. I couldn't be sure, but I thought he kissed me.
I shrugged, "Just wanted to thank you."
"Thanks for what?"
"Trusting me enough to bring your friend here."
He stiffened. "You need the protection, Aisling," he said without emotion.
That made me pause.
On one hand, Connor was sweet, caring, and gentle. With his playfulness, saying I was beautiful, combined with that dream, I was already well beyond trusting him. But on the other, he would evade, assert his intentions, and express a cold detachment. 
Why would he do those things if he didn't trust me? What was the point? Maybe he didn't care about me at all. Maybe that was all I was to him. Someone to protect.
Sadness washed over me and I pulled away, avoiding his gaze. Trying to hide the hurt in my voice, I mumbled, "Well, thanks anyway," and followed after Shadow into the house.
"No problem," he said, low.
But I thought I heard sadness in his voice.
Chapter 13



We spent most of the early morning in silence as Connor let me acquaint myself with Shadow. I was hesitant at first, since I didn't know if I could pet his soft white fur, or if I should just talk to him. But when Connor scratched him on the top of his head, I knew he preferred being treated like a family dog. He shoved his nose into my hand, letting me know I could pet him an instant later.
It didn't take long for me to learn his favorite spots to scratch, either. From my experience when I was a kid, I knew where to find those spots, and I knew he liked it when he grumbled, low in his chest. I couldn't bring myself to care that my wide grin probably looked a little weird.
After breakfast, I gathered the dishes and went to the sink to wash them. 
"Instead of going to the clearing, why don't we go out there and build a fire?" Connor asked as he moved to stand next to me and nodded toward the backyard. 
He picked up the towel from the hook and held out his hand, waiting for me to finish washing the first item. "It's awfully cold out." His lip stuck out in a big pout as I handed him a fork and his blue aura lightened.
"That's fine with me," I snickered at his expression. "I thought we weren't supposed to get hot or cold anymore."
"Why do you think that?" he looked at me.
"Because I haven't since my magic started," I shrugged. "I mean, I can still get burned and stuff, but I don't get hot or cold. I thought that was normal."
"No, it's not." Connor dried a plate and placed it on the drying rack. "It's probably an Earthen trait. But we'll figure it out. Is there anything else you've experienced since your magic started?"
"No," I lied. But then I added, "Nothing we haven't already figured out. Not that I know of, anyway." I wasn't about to tell him about the dream, but it was closer to the truth.
"Well, that's a relief. You're weird enough as it is," he elbowed me in the side.
"Um, thanks?" I said, draining the water from the sink. I washed the suds off my hands and turned off the faucet.
Connor grabbed my hands with the towel. "I'm supposed to dry everything," he said.
Even though he was only touching me through a towel, I tingled all over. While he focused on my hands, working into all the curves and edges, it felt like a massage. I should have stopped him, because it only added to my confusion. But I couldn't bring myself to do it.
He used the towel for longer than necessary, extending up my forearms for good measure. All the while, he kept his gaze locked with mine. His aura changed from light blue to pink, but I still didn’t know what it meant. "There. All done," he said, still looking down at me, and smiled.
I couldn't bring myself to smile back at him and looked away. "Are you ready to head outside?"
"Yeah, do you have wood and kindling?"
"They're to the right of the door as you go out."
The yard was a comfortable size, surrounded by a wooden privacy fence that allowed green, leafy vines to climb across them in the summer, with gardens along the fence line. There was a gate at the back of the yard that allowed access to the water main behind the house.
On the concrete patio, a pair of lounge chairs sat near the piles of wood and kindling, and the grill stood at the end. Since it was the place Gramma and I spent most of our time when we were outside, sitting by the fire, the pit was in the center of the yard. It was hard to imagine the space without her in it.
Shadow found a spot as soon as we went outside and headed to a bit of shade under the maple tree on the right side of the yard. He circled a few times, plopped down in the grass, and started dozing. His hazy purple aura remained unchanged.
I made my way to the pit and sat down on the log facing the right side of the yard. While his back was turned, I watched Connor grab a handful of twigs and load a few logs of wood into his arms.
Confusion didn't even begin to describe how I felt. If I was only something to be protected, then I was going crazy.
There was plenty of chemistry between us. And after the previous night, the attraction that I felt couldn't be one-sided. He wanted me.
He was playful, teasing, and there were times when he amazed me and comforted me. He always made me feel safe. Most of all, he stayed with me. Let me sleep in his arms. He didn't seem like the kind of guy that would do those things if he didn't want to. So he cared. I was more than just protection.
Right?
Yet, he still shut down at the mention of trust.
I sighed and rested my chin in my hands. I didn't know how much he cared — if he cared at all — but I was certain how I felt. I cared for him far more than I should.
Connor was dangerous. Because my heart never wanted anything more than it wanted him. It put me in a vulnerable position. And I could already tell I was going to end up hurt.
With his arms piled up with wood and twigs, Connor walked to the pit and knelt down as he dumped the load on the ground next to him. "You alright?" he looked up and swung his hair out of the way so he could see me. His aura darkened to a deep blue as he watched me.
I blinked, inwardly shaking myself to clear my head as my eyes followed the line of his neck. "Yeah, I'm fine. Just ... thinking."
"About what?" He tossed a few logs in the pit and adjusted one of them to a different position before he looked back up.
I was wondering how to answer that question when I heard a chorus of little voices cry out, "Miss Aisling! Miss Aisling!"
Looking around, trying to find the source of the cries, I noticed both of my protectors lifted their heads too, scanning the yard. Shadow sniffed the air but stayed where he was.
"Oh, Miss Aisling," cries called again, and three birds flitted in front of my vision before they flew to the log on my left and hovered there.
Connor smiled and went back to work on the fire, pulling matches from his pocket and lighting one.
"Miss Aisling," they said and landed on the log.
"Yes?" I asked. 
What is going on?
As the three birds stopped moving, I could see them. 
They weren't birds. 
Three tiny people with wings stood on the log.
Two of them were male, flanking the female in the middle, and looked nearly identical except the one on the left wore a tiny strip of a leather cuff on his wrist. They were blond, and the female's hair fell past her shoulders in perfect waves. They stood at about four-inches-tall and wore normal clothes, but they were barefoot. Despite their size, and those tiny, iridescent wings twitching behind them, they looked like human teenagers.
Genuine smiles beamed up at me. 
"Looks like you've got pixies in your garden," Connor said, his blue aura lightening.
"Pixies?"
"Yes, Miss Aisling," they said in unison, bouncing on their feet and clapping their hands.
"Pixies live in gardens and places where there's a lot of plant life," Connor said, moving to the other side of the pit, and lit another match.
Holy fucking shit, pixies are real!
I looked back down at them and smiled. "You guys live in my grandmother's garden?" I asked as the scent of wood smoke hit my nose.
"Yes, Miss Jade offered us a home here."
"Okay," I said, "um, what can I do for you?"
They hesitated and fidgeted. The female twisted her foot on the log and bit her lip in a very human gesture. "You own this house and garden now."
"Oh," I said, my eyes widening. "If you're worried I'm going to evict you or something, you don't have to. You're welcome to stay."
"Oh, thank you, Miss Aisling!" they clapped and jumped up and down.
"Please, just call me Aisling."
"Aisling, we are Bubba," the male on the left with the leather cuff waved at me, "Baby," the female in the middle waved next, "and Bogsley," then the male on the right, wiggling his fingers in greeting. Their synchronization was incredible and I laughed.
"Hi, guys. Um, are you the only pixies here?" I asked.
"No, Aisling, we have ten siblings, plus our parents, Puffle and Marley. We are their firstborn. Triplets," they beamed. "They are napping."
"Are we bothering them?"
"No, Aisling, thank you."
When the fire spread to his liking, Connor stood, wiped his hands on the back of his pants, and sat down next to me. "So you guys knew Jade, too, huh?"
"Yes, sir, we did." They looked at Connor and back at me. They even blinked in unison.
I smiled at the triplets, liking them already. It was impossible not to. "This is Connor," I offered, gesturing toward him.
"Hello, Mister Connor."
"Call me Connor," he chuckled.
"Thank you, Connor," they bowed.
Unable to resist the opportunity to tease him for the gesture, I turned my head, making sure the pixies couldn't see my face. I feigned an expression of wide-eyed horror and then grinned.
His eyes narrowed at me while his lips twitched. Then he tugged on my ponytail. He looked back to the trio and said, "Tell us what you knew about Jade."
"She was a nice lady, Miss Jade. She took us in when our home in the woods was destroyed."
"I'm sorry you lost your home," I said.
"Thank you, Aisling. We are much happier here," they beamed at me.
"It seems Jade had a knack for helping others," Connor said, mirroring my thoughts.
"Yes, she did." I smiled.
"We just wanted to introduce ourselves, Aisling. If you need anything, let us know. We will let you continue working to develop your magic." Their wings fluttered, lifting them in flight.
Before they flew away, Connor blurted, "You guys know what's going on?"
"Yes, Connor, we do," they nodded. "Aisling is pure Earthen."
The blood drained from my face and Connor saved me the trouble by asking, "How do you know that?"
"Miss Jade told us before she died." Baby wiped at her eye.
"What else did Jade tell you?"
"Miss Jade said to look out for Aisling however we can. This was our first chance to introduce ourselves. We must get back now. We will keep watch out here."
Recovering, I was about to thank them, but they already flew away. I smiled.
Pixies are real.
I turned to Connor. "Well, that was ... interesting," I said with a look of confusion and he laughed.
Connor's head threw back as he tried, unsuccessfully, to suppress his amusement. In that moment, I forgot what I said. Forgot about my confusion as I watched him. He was far more dangerous than I thought.
Stop doing that.
His chuckles stopped and he looked down at me, his hair falling back into place around his face. "Stop doing what?"
My mouth went dry. 
Jesus, did I say that out loud? 
"Um, nothing."
His lips twitched and then he shrugged. "Alright then, so you need to learn about how witches defend their homes from magical attacks. It's done by visualization."
I nodded, "Okay."
"You need to focus on your house, your property, and everything inside it."
I closed my eyes and brought the images to my mind.
"Now," he continued, "you need to picture a bubble, a wall, whatever, as long as everything is inside it."
Once I pictured an impenetrable dome covering the entire property, I nodded.
"Keep it in your mind and say something to activate it."
"Please protect this property and all inside it from magic meant to harm," I said as I felt the familiar sensation of hair on the back of my neck rising, at the same time I felt a wave of sadness wash over me. More powerful than before.
What am I doing?
"You're done," he said and my magic faded. He put his hand on my knee a few moments later, sending a jolt through me. "You alright?"
"I'm fine," I lied and opened my eyes, focusing on the warmth of the fire in front of me and breathed it in.
Even though I could only see him out of my peripheral vision, I could tell he was unconvinced. Without removing his hand, he went on, "You'll need to check it every day to make sure it's still solid with no weaknesses, but it should be fine."
"Okay," I breathed. We sat in silence for a few moments. Then, I muttered, "I don't know if I can do this." My eyes stayed locked on the flames.
"Do what?"
"Everything." I swallowed. "I mean, according to my grandmother, I have this weird magic that no one else has. Pure. Supposedly some great guardian. There's so much I still don't understand and I can't even take care of myself. I've been threatened, attacked by your ex — or whatever she was to you. I've had some really strange dreams, one of which almost killed me. So, yeah, I don't know if I can do this."
I'm afraid I'm falling in love with you and I barely know you.
He put his hands on my shoulders and turned me to face him. "You're strong, Aisling. Remember that. You're just learning. Of course you feel overwhelmed, but you'll be fine. I'm here to help you and protect you. And so is Shadow."
Denying what was right in front of me was useless. For better or worse, the man in front of me held my heart. Maybe not completely, but he found a way in and caught me off guard. And he could crush me at any time.
I sighed.
Connor couldn't even admit he trusted me. That hurt more than anything. I didn't know if he did. Hell, I didn't know if he cared at all. But the unknown was going to drive me crazy. I would rather know the truth and risk breaking my heart than continue like that.
"You're going to be fine...," he trailed off. It sounded like he was about to add something else, but he didn't. He dropped his arms to rest in his lap and let his head fall forward, his aura darkening to a deep blue and gray.
The fire popped and I flinched as the top of a log exploded into the air. At least a dozen little pieces of burning wood flew up.
I focused on the pieces of glowing embers that floated above the fire and released a tiny bit of magic, feeling the hair rising on the back of my neck. Those little glowing pieces moved toward us, dancing in the subtle breeze my magic created. Connor lifted his head as if he was about to say something and froze, catching sight of the flaming pieces hovering around us.
Their molten glow died away, leaving behind bits of ash. For some reason, I was confident that my magic would hold the ashes, despite barely having any experience using it. So I didn't feel like I needed to look at them.
I dropped my eyes to watch his face and my magic lit up the ashes like fireflies. The look of awe on his face was beyond beautiful.
His smile was breathtaking, and his aura swirled with pink and orange. I slowed the breeze, nearly halting the tiny magical lightbulbs in the air, and watched his smile widen.
If there was a better romantic gesture, other than outright kissing him, I couldn't think of one. I couldn’t fathom enough courage to kiss him. I was too afraid of rejection, or worse, that I wouldn't kiss the right way. My inexperience in all things men prevented me from doing it.
At the very least, I hoped the gesture would help him feel more secure around me.
Deep brown eyes dropped to look into mine.
My heart hammered in my chest so loud I was sure he could hear it. 
God, but it felt like he was looking right into my soul. Not just my eyes.
I gulped.
The look of joy on his face faded and his eyes flickered down to my mouth. His aura changed to pure red as he stared at my lips.
I wasn't sure what that color meant yet, but I could see the heat in his eyes, the complete carnality of them. And that gaze burned my flesh. 
Tingles broke out over my lips, making them ache. That moment felt like an unspoken question, as if to ask permission to lean in. I wanted nothing more than to feel his mouth against mine and taste him, but I didn't know how to respond.
I dropped the magic and the ashes stopped glowing, falling the rest of the way to the ground.
Connor's eyes lifted back to mine and we stayed like that for a few moments, staring at each other.
"How can you think you can't handle this?" he said in wonder and lifted his hand to caress my cheek. The warmth of his skin against mine made my cheek burn sweetly. "You are amazing on so many levels, do you know that?" He smiled at me.
It wasn't a kiss, but it was something. 
Right?
Chapter 14



"Right then," Connor said with a shake of his head, like he was trying to snap out of a dream, and dropped his hand.
I looked back at the fire and felt the heat rolling off it again. He may not have kissed me, and he might have looked happy, but I wasn't any closer to knowing how he really felt.
"Since you're obviously starting to get a little bit of a handle on your power and how to use it, you need to know a few things."
By the time he finished talking, that deep sadness was back again. Instead of speaking, I waited and stared into the fire.
"What's wrong?" Connor asked.
"Nothing," I shook my head and looked back up at him, "go on."
Looking at him did nothing to help my mood. The sun fell behind a thick cloud and the flickering orange flames lit up his features, making him even more striking. The planes of his face were sharper. The shadows, more pronounced. A combination of beauty, masculinity, and a commanding air of power, all rolled into one. And I was in deep trouble.
His brows were furrowed, but after a few moments, he said, "You need to be careful of the darkness."
"What does that mean?"
"Well, first of all, killing someone with magic will darken you."
"Oh, is that why you did all that for me last night?" I snapped, a sudden flash of anger washed over me.
That wasn't fair, and I knew it. But if he cared about nothing but keeping me safe so I could be some big, bad witch and be the savior of everyone, I would rather take my chances alone. At least then it wouldn't hurt so much.
I looked away again, sadness replacing the anger over what I said.
"Hey," Connor said in a low voice and reached up to my cheek, turning me back to him. Somehow, it upset me that his aura was a deeper blue. I didn't like that color. "I don't know what's gotten into you, Aisling. But I swear to you, I helped you because you didn't know what you were doing and you were suffering. I couldn't leave you like that."
"I'm sorry. I know I'm not supposed to say it, but it's true. I shouldn't have put you in that situation to start with. And you shouldn't have stayed. I don't want your pity."
"Is that what this is about? You think I stopped you, held you, let you cry, and then stayed with you, all because you might have killed your step-father with your magic? And I pitied you for it?"
I couldn't speak. God, but I wanted him to care for me more than anything else. I couldn't bear it if his actions were all a lie to protect me from myself.
He raised his other hand and his thumbs caressed my cheeks as pink bled into the dark blue of his aura. "I might have stopped you from killing him partly due to the darkness it would have brought you, but I did it mostly because you would have suffered for it. Everything else I did last night, I did it for you. I couldn't leave you there like that. There was no pity in what I did."
A tear fell from my eye and he wiped it away. I couldn't think straight.
His forehead creased in concern. "Please, talk to me. Tell me what's wrong."
"Can we just move on? What other kinds of things do I need to avoid?"
He watched me for another long moment and then dropped his hands to his lap. The pink faded from his aura, leaving a deep blue that undulated around him. When he spoke, his voice was low and steady, "The next big one is siphoning. That's what Zoe did to you."
"I thought she was trying to kill me?"
"Yes, but she was trying to kill you to get all of your power, including your soul, your essence. Not every dark witch has to kill to get power, but most of them do. The essence is what carries the most energy."
"Oh. How did she get this way? I mean, why were you even with her if she was dark?"
He shook his head. "I wasn't with her while she was dark. It's kind of a long story. I found her when she was new, and when she grew stronger, some idiot witch found her and tried to steal her power, but she fought back by taking his. The magic she used, I have no idea where she learned it, but when the spell was complete, the man was dead. And darkness spread in her."
Chuckling grimly, he said, "You know, she was a redhead, with these vivid green eyes before she turned. Her hair went black, and her eyes lost most of the green in them. It happened right in front of me."
That surprised me. When I met her, with that flawless, ashen skin, those eyes that were so pale, and that outer rim of black, combined with her dark hair, I thought that was how she always looked. Then, adding that swirling black aura, she was quite intimidating. And she was still beautiful. She must have been breathtaking before she turned.
"She had a taste for the surge of power running through her," he continued. "From that point, all she wanted was more power."
He looked down at his hands. "She still loved me, in a small place the darkness hadn't touched. She came to me and asked me to go with her. To steal power together or whatever. I could never do it, because I don't want to be dark. I knew eventually she would darken that little place in her heart that still knew what it meant to feel love. One day it would happen, and if I went down that road with her, she'd try to kill me."
There were so many things I wanted to say to him, but there was only one thing I could say. "I'm sorry."
He looked into the fire and reached out, grabbing another log before tossing it onto the pyre. "It's alright," he shrugged. "To me, it was always more of a convenience to be with her."
The way he was avoiding looking at me, didn't exactly match up to his words, but I let it go. "Isn't dark magic supposed to be more powerful than light?"
"It depends on the witch, but in most cases, yes. The dark witch typically amasses powers from others, so they're usually more powerful that way."
"So you're still stronger than Zoe?"
"I don't really know for sure," he shrugged. "She still has enough light to know she still wants me. That's probably what's kept her from really testing it. She follows me from place to place, trying to get me to go back to her every now and again." He chuckled. "That would never happen," he added, widening his eyes for effect.
I couldn't imagine the pain Connor felt, caring for someone, helping her like he was helping me, only to lose her in one act of self-defense. I felt terrible for questioning his motives from the previous night. If I killed Martin, I could have gone dark, too.
And in that moment, I understood. If he cared for me, he was hiding it, trying to protect himself from enduring that hurt again. My hand reached out and I laid it over his, squeezing it.
His head lifted and he looked at me, his eyes searching mine for a moment. Then his mouth lifted into a small smile, he laced his fingers with mine and squeezed back. Pink sprinkled into his aura again.
"I'm still sorry. Whether you loved her or not, you still tried to help her, like you're helping me, and you were hurt for it. I'm sorry I questioned your actions. That wasn't fair."
His smile faded and his eyes dropped to my mouth for a moment.
"So tell me," I hurried. "What else should I avoid?" I asked and tried to pull my hand away, but he held on.
He went down the list, which was surprisingly short. Witches turned dark by stealing power, killing with magic, summoning more darkness, and could either create magical objects to compel someone to do what they wanted — slavery through spelled objects or mind.
That list seemed simple, but the things witches could summon, or the things they could make others do were astounding. I thought of Samantha Deveraux and her client, Joe, with his pendant that glowed with a sinister black aura, and wondered who made him kill and why.
We sat in front of the fire, sitting together in silence, with our fingers still laced together, when Angela burst through the front door with Bugs in her arms.
Chapter 15



"Okay, Aisling. I have had it with the tourists," Angela shouted as she made her way toward the back of the house. From where she walked, she could see the fire, but not where Connor and I sat. She dropped Bugs on the kitchen floor, in front of the food and water bowls I kept out for him, and walked to the back door, keeping an eye on him the whole way.
Shadow trotted over to us, without making a sound, and sat down on the ground behind us, letting our bodies block him from view while he leaned against the log.
Angela opened the door and snuck out backward to keep Bugs from bolting around her while she wasn't looking. She slipped her foot out and closed the door, turning to look at me. Then she froze. "Oh, fuck."
"Hello to you too," Connor chuckled, his aura changing to light blue.
"What the hell is he doing here, Aisling?" she said, pointing at the man sitting next to me.
"Wait, you two know each other?" I asked and Connor glanced at me.
Then he looked up at Angela again and smiled, "It's a funny story actually. I met Angela — what was it? — five days ago at the library, and she wasn't exactly very helpful. I went back later that day, foolishly thinking perhaps she'd change her mind, but she didn't."
He was the man that showed up at the library?
Angela's cheeks flushed. "Look, she's got nothing to do with this."
"With what?" I asked, but they didn't answer.
"It's alright, Angela. You see, Aisling is already a witch."
My jaw dropped as Angela gasped. Why was he telling her this?
"What?" she gritted out.
"Um, do you guys mind telling me what's going on here?"
Angela glared at Connor for a moment and then walked toward us. She moved around the fire, making sure to give Connor a wide berth. Shadow walked around the log behind me and growled at her.
"It's okay, Shadow," I said and scratched behind his ears.
He snorted and sat down next to me, leaning into my hand. I was wedged between a werewolf and a witch, who was still holding my hand. I laughed.
I've officially lost it.
"Is that what I think it is?" Angela asked, eyeing the wolf.
"Yes," Connor grinned. "Meet Shadow."
A yip escaped Shadow's lips and Angela jumped. He started making a choking noise, and if I didn't know better, I would have sworn it sounded like a laugh.
"That wasn't nice," I said to Shadow and stopped scratching him. I looked up at Angela and said, "Sit down, please. He won't hurt you."
Angela sat on the log and scooted as far away from the wolf as she could.
"How do you know about all this?" I asked.
"Do you want to answer that or shall I?" Connor asked, eyeing my best friend.
"Uh," Angela said, biting her lip.
"Right then. Aisling, honey," Connor said the last word with emphasis and Angela bristled. He smiled. I knew that smile. He was teasing her. Too bad he was also affecting me. "There are neutrals — the Guardians of Information, a safe place to stay, doctors for were-animals, and so on. They are neither for supernaturals nor against them, but they do help when asked directly. How am I doing so far?" he raised his eyebrows at Angela.
She didn't respond.
"Well, Angela is head librarian of your pretty little town. And, as librarian, she's the Guardian of Information."
"What does that mean?" I asked.
"While you were researching witchcraft, as you told me, you found nothing that could help you. But Angela had mountains of information."
"But since I never asked...?"
"Correct. Angela didn't want you becoming a witch. Our world is too messy and dangerous. Am I right?"
Angela nodded.
"But—" I began, but Angela interrupted.
"I knew about your heritage, Aisling, and I would have helped you if I knew you were a witch."
"When I arrived in town," Connor continued, "to pay my respects to your grandmother, I came to Angela and asked about you. I didn't know your name because Jade never mentioned it, but she talked about you, and I wanted to meet you. Tell you I knew her, and leave."
He shifted his attention to my best friend. "Somehow, Angela knew I was a witch and refused to help me. It didn't matter, though. She was only trying to protect you." He paused, "That makes three of us." He smiled at Angela, but not in a teasing way. That smile looked like respect.
Shadow dropped down to the grass, rested his head on his paws, and sighed. Angela seemed to relax a little, but I knew she didn't.
Connor explained the knowledge he gathered about my power, including that he thought I might be pure Earthen — without mentioning the pixies — and Angela stayed silent, nodding every now and again while her eyes went from Connor, to our hands, to me, and back again while he spoke.
"I'm going to need to do some research in the vault for more information about Earthen witches. I don't know much about them." She looked at me and shook her head, "I'm so sorry, Aisling."
"It's okay. I understand what you were doing."
"So what's the story with you two?" Angela asked and then added, "Or three, I guess."
"She needs to be protected while she learns how to use her power."
"Do you really think she'll be able to reunite the whole supernatural community? There are centuries worth of distrust."
"I believe she can," he grinned down at me.
The blood drained from my face.
No pressure.
"Okay," Angela said, eyeing our hands.
"Stop ogling, Angela. It's not what it looks like." Connor's hand stiffened, sending heat up my arm.
Holy shit, did he think it was?
"Fine then," she sighed and stood. "I came to see if you'd keep Bugs for a few hours, but I think I'll just take him home," she said, eyeing Shadow with caution.
"He won't eat your cat," I said, hoping I was right.
But I knew she wouldn't listen. After squeezing Connor's hand, I pulled away and followed Angela back inside the house, leaving my protectors by the fire.
"I'm sorry, sweetie," Angela cried, spun around, and threw her arms around me while I still stood in the open doorway.
"It's alright," I said and hugged her back at the same time I felt Bugs slip around me and out the door. "Shit!" I hissed and ran out of the house after him.
The gray ball of fur ran up to Connor and jumped in his lap without hesitation, purring in that loud, choppy rumble when the witch rubbed under his chin.
Connor grinned as the light blue of his aura swirled with purple for an instant.
I slowed and took them in. "I think he likes you," I said. Angela walked up next to me and stopped. Bugs looked comfortable on Connor's lap, not caring he sat within a few feet from a two-hundred-and-fifty-pound predator.
"I see that." Connor laughed, "Jesus, he sounds like he's dying."
I laughed and looked at Angela. She looked at me and then at the trio by the fire. And then she smiled.
Five minutes later, I walked Angela to the door, with Bugs tucked in her arm. When she turned, hugging me again, Bugs growled in protest as he was squeezed between us, but she didn't pull away. Instead, she whispered, low in my ear, "I was wrong about him," then she let me go with a quick grin and left.
I closed the front door and turned around to face Connor. "I think she likes you."
His light blue aura brightened and he feigned a shiver. "That's not good."
I laughed, "That's not what I mean."
"I know." He smiled. "I wanted to hear you laugh again."
My smile faded and his aura darkened.
"Why won't you tell me what's wrong?" he asked and his hands went to my cheeks again, making my stomach flip. His hands were warm and gentle on my face.
"Can I ask you something?" I deflected.
Connor dropped his hands and frowned. "Sure, what do you want to know?"
"Can you tell me why it's so hard for you to trust anyone?" I was pretty sure I already knew, but I wanted to hear it from him.
"I told you about the state of the supernatural world, that's why it's so hard to trust anyone." Technically, he answered the question, but I knew there was more.
"Okay, I'll bite. I get that Earthen witches were great beings that kept people in line. But why is everything so far gone now?"
"Ah, that'd be the MDM."
"Who or what is the MDM?"
"Malleus Dei Maleficarum, the Hammer of God Against Witches. They're the supernatural hunting group responsible for the witch trials in the seventeenth century."
"Like Salem?"
Connor nodded, "They were the ones that hunted and killed the Earthen witches. After they died, panic spread. If the Earthens could be hunted down, the rest of us would be easy kills. Anyone who has ever been targeted by them, and discovered, has been killed."
The picture was clear in my mind. Fear can make people do crazy things. I knew that better than most.
Continuing, he said, "It was too dangerous to be in groups, so they broke away from covens, packs, and nests, trying to keep hidden. All so they could stay alive."
"What uses a nest?"
"Vampires."
I grinned. Vampires existed too. Wonders never ceased. "And they turn on each other out of fear of the MDM finding them?"
"That's right. Sometimes, if they're discovered, they might get lucky and strike a deal, working with the MDM to save their own lives, turning over others they knew about. Some are just careless, like Zoe, trying to get more power, but eventually, they get noticed."
"I gather that an alliance like yours with Shadow is rare?"
"Very rare."
"Okay," I squared my shoulders. On to the real question. "Why can't you trust me?"
He shook his head, dark blue aura mixing with green. "It's not that easy. One of the first things I told you after we met was ‘Don't trust anyone,’ even me."
"I know you did," I said as he turned away. I reached out and touched his cheek, feeling the stubble as it scratched over my palm. Goosebumps erupted over my skin. 
God, but it felt good to touch him. 
I waited, coaxing him to turn back to face me.
He pulled my hand away and shook his head. "No, Aisling, this is too dangerous."
"Look, I know you've been hurt and I'm sorry for what happened. But if I'm so special that I'm supposed to unite the whole supernatural world, how can I accomplish that if I can't get you to trust me?"
When he didn't answer. I sighed. I knew I wasn't going to get anywhere with him. Since he obviously didn't — wouldn't — trust me, there was no way he could care for me.
How could I be so stupid?
I needed time to pull away. Close in on myself. And go numb again. If he wasn't going to stop, I needed to, for my own sake. I swallowed my pain and walked around him, heading for the back door.
He caught my arm and spun me around as he stepped forward in the same instant. He was close, our bodies almost touching. His aura changed to red and I felt its heat. I gasped.
"Do you trust me?" he asked.
I swallowed. "Yes."
His tongue snaked out and licked his lips, and I watched the movement. I wanted to kiss him so bad my hands balled into fists at my sides. He bent his head and leaned around to whisper in my ear. The stubble on his cheek scratched against mine and shivers ran down my spine, making my toes curl in my boots. I opened my mouth and inhaled his scent of wood smoke. Then he said, low, in my ear, "Don't. The world is a dangerous place, especially for you. I could kill you. Anytime. So could Shadow."
I practically vibrated against him. My eyes slid closed and images of what could happen if I reached up to touch him — to kiss him — crossed my mind and I almost lost my control. What would it feel like if he kissed me back? Pushed me against the wall in a fury of passion? Just like in my mind. "I don't care," I breathed, opening my eyes as he pulled back. His face was inches from mine. "I still trust you."
"That's going to get you killed."
"If I trust you, I have a higher chance of surviving. On my own, I don't stand a chance. Do you trust me?"
Connor's jaw clenched as he regarded me with an expression I could only call amazement while his aura continued giving off heat. At last, he sighed, "What if I do?"
My stomach flipped and I licked my lips. He watched the movement before looking back up at my eyes. The deep brown gaze that felt like he could see right into my soul. His aura burned brighter, hotter. "Well, it'd be nice to know I'm not the only one breaking a rule. But mostly, it would be nice to know you care about me."
"Do you care about me?"
"I thought that would have been obvious by now."
"That doesn't answer my question."
"Yes," I whispered.
Far more than I should.
Connor's aura burned in a deep red and pulsed around him while his eyes flashed back and forth between mine.
"You are avoiding my question, Connor. Do you trust me?"
"You are stubborn, do you know that?"
I waited.
"Dammit, Aisling," he said, scrubbing his hand down his face. "Yes, alright? Yes to both."
My stomach lurched and I fought the smile that crept across my lips, "To both?"
"I trust you and I care about you."
"Really?" I squealed and threw my arms around his shoulders, hugging him.
Connor laughed and wrapped his arms around my waist, hugging me back. He buried his face in my neck. "I didn't want to admit it." He was trying to protect himself. He shook his head. "I don't understand. Why?"
I pulled back so I could look at him, but I didn't let go. He didn't pull away, either. I ran a hand through his hair, reveling in the softness of it. "You saved my life. You are helping me learn what I am, and how to use my magic. I'd be dead if it weren't for you." I sighed and went on, "I feel something when I'm with you. Something I've never felt before. I feel safe. Like I'm home. Do you want me to go on?"
"There's more?" Connor's eyes widened in feigned terror.
I laughed, "Stop it, I'm serious."
"I'm being serious too. I had no idea you felt that way." He shrugged, "Well, I mean I did a little."
"How?"
"Your aura. The colors tell me what you're feeling. It's kind of hard to explain, but I didn't know how deep it went."
Technically, you still don't.
"It started the first day. It's like you're a magnet. I can't explain it. But it was there even before I first saw you. I was surprised then, and you keep surprising me."
He nodded. "That's right. Just like a magnet. I've felt it since I got here, but I didn't know it was you until I saw you in Angela's car. I knew I couldn't stay away from you."
I smiled, lowering my arms. "What about me?"
"The depth of your strength is nothing short of amazing. You had the strength to see through your fear after Zoe attacked you. And again when you stopped the magic from your rage against your step-father. You didn't hesitate to find comfort with me. Twice. You just hugged me and cried. Though, the second time was a little awkward."
My cheeks flushed at the memory. "Sorry about that."
"I'm not sorry." He shrugged. "I couldn't control that, but it was nice to just hold you. It was nice to feel needed like that. And I haven't slept that well in years." He let me go and slipped his hands up to my cheeks again. "Your skin is so soft and all I want to do is touch you." His thumb traced along the edge of my bottom lip and I trembled.
His words reminded me of the dream. My fingers itched to touch her flawless skin. If he felt anything like I did, he had to feel on fire in that moment, because I could barely breathe when he touched me.
There was something there, behind his words. More than caring. Far more than I dared to hope. 
And, god, but I wanted to hope.
Chapter 16



With Connor's hands still on my face, I forced myself to breathe as I tried to refocus my thoughts to auras. "Will you tell me what the colors mean?"
"You haven't figured them out yet? I'm shocked!" he shook his head in feigned disapproval.
"Ha-ha, very funny," I said dryly.
He grinned and took my hand.
"Shouldn't we go back outside?" I asked as he led me to the living room.
"Shadow likes being outside, and he can take care of the fire," he said as if he read my mind, and tossed his coat over the back of the couch.
"You want to know what the colors represent?"
"Yeah, why they change color, change in consistency, and all that," I trailed off and dropped my coat on the coffee table.
We sat down and faced each other with our knees touching, he said, "So I've already explained that it shows the emotion or mindset of the person it surrounds. The colors will change as emotions change. As far as the intensity," he shrugged, "it depends on how strong that particular emotion is. The stronger the emotion, the brighter the color."
"You could tell how I have been feeling?"
Bits of green started to ooze around the edges of the light blue in his aura. "In a sense," he nodded. "Some colors are pretty cut and dry, like black — that's just bad news."
"Evil, right?"
"Yeah, evil, darkness, hatred, stuff like that," he said. "Other colors aren't so easy to figure out."
"Okay," I said with a slow nod. "That doesn't really help me."
"It just takes the fun out of it, if I tell you everything," he grinned.
Since he wasn't one to miss an opportunity to tease me, I knew he wouldn't be so forthcoming about the colors. But I would play along. "You can't give me any hints?" I smiled.
His grin widened as the green evaporated from his aura. "Nope."
I shook my head, "Unbelievable."
Connor laughed and his aura brightened.
"Blue has to do with humor, right?"
He stopped laughing and nodded. "That's not the only thing it means though."
"I wonder what red means," I said, watching him.
Sure enough, his aura changed to gray with bits of pink and green scattered throughout.
"What just happened to my aura?" Connor asked.
I tilted my head to the side. "It changed from blue to mostly gray — which I haven't seen on you much before — and it has little speckles of pink and green." I studied him, knowing he wouldn't tell me unless I figured most of it out on my own.
"Uh-huh," he nodded. "So what do you think it means?"
"Hmm," I considered him. The previous night, I remembered seeing gray, when I was choking my step-father in the street. "I think gray might mean fear or maybe indecision."
Connor smiled, orange replacing most of the gray, "Very good. At least on the fear part. Indecision isn't gray, it's green — but that's not all green represents."
Grabbing a piece of paper and a pen from the small box on the sofa table next to me, I took notes.
Gray = Fear.
Green = Indecision.
Blue = Humor.
Black = Evil, Darkness, Hatred.
"Okay, orange must be...," I remembered while we were sitting by the fire, how his aura changed to orange after my little magic show with the burning ashes, and again a few moments before. He looked, well, proud. "Pride, amazement, something like that?"
"Correct."
Orange = Pride, Amazement. "Okay, so why were you scared?"
He sighed, "I was scared because you're figuring this out pretty quickly, which means that you'll be able to tell what I'm feeling."
"What's wrong with that?" my lips twitched. I thought I knew what red meant, but I was going to make him wait for that one. 
Two could play at this game.
"Nothing," he grinned, and the orange faded back to blue in his aura.
"How about that purple color I see sometimes? I see it on Shadow almost all the time." I wondered out loud, remembering how Connor looked when I watched him sleep, or so I thought. "Is that contentment?"
Orange again. I smiled.
"That can also indicate strength, like magical power, or alpha," he said, and I wrote it down.
"That's why I saw purple when you saved me?"
He nodded. "It was a show of dominance. If a light witch lets out their power to gain dominance, that's the color that will show."
Checking the list again, I made the note and blurted, "Good lord, you must be able to read me like an open book!" I flushed.
"Sometimes. Most of the time I have a decent idea, but it's not always clear. I may not know why you feel a certain way, or in the case of the colors with multiple meanings, which one you actually feel. For instance, I still don't know why you were sad earlier."
"Oh, that." I looked away, "Before I tell you that, can I ask what color that is?"
"Dark blue."
No wonder I didn't like that color on him.
"I must have that color a lot," I said.
Chuckling, he said, "Not usually."
"Okay, so there were times you would be really nice and caring, but then you'd shut down and the process would repeat. I started thinking you were only around to protect me and I was the one with the problem."
"That makes sense," he nodded. "I was trying to keep you at a distance — failing at it, too. It was supposed to be easier, but I could see that you were trying. And I could tell you were trying to pull away. I couldn't keep doing that to you. It wasn't fair, because I can see the effect I have on you." While he spoke, pink replaced the orange in his aura.
Blushing again, I studied the list and thought some more about the auras and the colors. I thought about the applications for auras in various situations. Reading them could come in quite handy, but I could also envision how certain exchanges might be a little odd if it was seen by someone else. "Is it possible to use our auras to communicate?"
"I don't think it'd be too practical trying to have a conversation through our auras. But, in some cases, it could be useful."
"So, about red?" I smiled.
Chapter 17



Connor's aura shifted to a mixture of pink, orange, and gray. It looked like his aura fought with a watercolor set and lost.
I grinned. When he didn't answer, I dropped the pen and paper on the coffee table and stood up.
"What are you doing?" he asked and a mixture of gray and red engulfed his aura.
I put my hands on my hips. "Since you're not exactly forthcoming with this, I'm going to test my theory on red. Are you going to let me?" I asked, raising an eyebrow. This was either going to be insanely fun or a disaster. I was hoping for the former.
His hands raised in surrender. "You're in charge. Test your theory."
"Face me," I commanded with a slow twirl of my finger.
He turned and settled back into the couch, waiting.
I moved in front of him and as I pushed forward, he spread his long legs wider to give me room. I didn't stop until my shins hit the front of the couch. I pulled the band out of my hair and let the messy curls fall over my shoulders.
Then I leaned forward and reached out, running my hands through his hair. 
God, but I loved the way his hair felt.
He closed his eyes and exhaled. When he opened them and looked up at me, the heat in his gaze burned me. His aura was losing gray by the second and the red was only growing stronger. Brighter. His hands balled into fists in his lap and I grinned. 
My hands moved to his face, running along his jaw. I closed my eyes, reveling in the feel of his skin. The roughness of his stubble. I opened my eyes and circled his lips with my thumb, pulling his bottom lip down by a fraction before releasing it. Red consumed his aura, leaving no trace of fear behind.
His fists opened and he skimmed his palms over my outer thighs, keeping his eyes on me.
My stomach did a few flips at the sensation. But I wanted to see how far I could take it. My index fingers traced the shells of his ears before I snaked my fingers around the back of his neck and fisted a handful of hair, pulling his head back.
A groan escaped from him and he closed his eyes. He swallowed and his Adam's apple jutted out and bobbed.
Connor opened his eyes and watched me through hooded lashes. The red in his aura grew thicker and pulsed.
But I kept going. I knelt down in front of him and his eyes widened, but he didn't look away.
I placed my hands on his knees and splayed my fingers out over the warm material. My hands moved forward with agonizing slowness, stopping halfway up his thighs. His mouth opened and his aura heated up, glowing brighter, molten red and alive. I reveled in the feel of him.
My courage surprised even me. He admitted his feelings and it left me with a sense of empowerment. It was a beautiful high I hoped to ride forever.
Ever since the first night I saw him, I wanted a moment like that. If I thought I was turned on by the mere sight of him, then what I felt with him was far beyond anything I ever felt before. Every cell in my body called for him. Whispered his name. I fed off his energy and poured it back into him.
That was what it felt like to burn for someone.
Warm hands caressed up and down my arms and I closed my eyes, focusing on the sensation. When I opened them, Connor was still watching me. I ached for his hands to touch me. Everywhere. And my belly tightened in the sweetest way. It made my mouth water.
His fingers followed the curve of my shoulders to the back of my head, sending shivers through me. My eyes slid closed and I focused on breathing.
Something sounded off in the back of my mind. I should stop, slow down. But I pushed it behind a door and locked it, refusing to back down from something so amazing, so soon.
I crawled up on his lap and he gasped, his aura all but exploding as I straddled him.
The urge to kiss him was so strong, I forced myself to keep from closing the distance between us. I never kissed anyone before, let alone done anything so brave. And I didn't know what I was doing. 
There was nothing else I wanted more in that moment than for him to kiss me. I needed it like I needed air in my lungs. But except for his hands, Connor remained still.
Did he even want to kiss me?
Without realizing what I was doing, my arms wrapped around his neck and I ground against him. I gasped, biting my lower lip, feeling his hard length press against me in exactly the right spot.
If moving like that with our clothes on could feel so good, I couldn't imagine how good it would feel without them.
At first, he didn't move, but when I ground against him again, with a breathless moan escaping my lips, his hands moved to my hips, holding me in place.
I thought he was going to stop me, but he watched me for a moment before he arched up, increasing the friction.
"Oh, god," I moaned with the same breathless sigh at the pure heat and pleasure coursing through me. It was all I could do to keep from crying out. But I couldn't stop myself from moving.
Connor whispered, "Aisling." It was an admonition. I reveled in it and watched as his aura burned in a bright red glow that ebbed and flowed and grew brighter with every movement I made.
And I didn't want to stop.
But I knew I needed to. If I kept going, I wouldn't be capable of such a feat. Hovering too close to the edge as it was, I stopped moving, and leaned back a little. My head dropped forward and I panted, trying to slow my breathing. 
God, but that was intense. 
I wanted that moment to last forever.
Connor let go of my hips and touched my face, lifting me so I could look at him. He was panting too. "Wow," he breathed. Then, in a low voice, he said, "Not that I'm complaining — and I'm not — but what the hell was that? I was about to explode."
I smiled. "That was me testing my theory. I think I'm pretty sure what red is."
His eyes narrowed, "Are you sure?"
"I think so," I chuckled and nodded.
"You should make sure," he smiled.
My mind began to return from the haze of the moment and I laughed, but it sounded more like a breathless sigh. "I'm pretty sure red means desire, perhaps more. How am I doing?"
"You're right. There's a little more to it than just desire, but you got most of it."
"What's the rest?"
"It can also mean love. Pink is a precursor to red, so it's basically the same thing, just on a smaller scale."
As intense as it was, I trembled from the memory. Not only was I brave enough, but I did it. I took charge. All of that came from my touch. Every heated glance. Every sound. Every movement.
I froze.
Oh, dear god.
My hands covered my face as I flushed and I shook my head, laughing from embarrassment.
"What?"
I was horrified.
I just dry-humped Connor!
"I can't believe I just did that."
"You have nothing to be embarrassed about, Aisling." When I didn't respond, he pulled my hands away from my face and looked at me. "There is nothing to be embarrassed about. We just got a little carried away. And I don't regret a second of it."
I didn't doubt his words. If he didn't like what I was doing, he wouldn't have used my hips to increase the contact between us. Based on what I was doing, if he felt anything like I did during those last few minutes, I was surprised he didn't touch more than my hips.
"You mind if I ask you something?" I asked.
"Considering what just happened ... sure, why not?" his arms wrapped around me and he waited.
I looked down, and my fingers picked at invisible lint on his shirt. "Why didn't you touch me?"
"I was touching you. I still am." My eyes went back to his.
Technically, he was right. His arms were around my waist. I fidgeted and rubbed against him by accident. His aura flashed hotter and I froze. "Sorry," I mumbled on reflex. My fingers went back to picking phantom lint. His warm hands covered mine, stopping me. I looked up at him. "Anyway, that's not what I meant," I said, moving back to the question.
"You mean touch you?" he said, eyeing my breasts.
I nodded.
He shook his head. "I don't go where I'm not invited."
I dropped my eyes to his hands and studied them in fascination.
Yes, let's go with that.
"Oh, no," he sighed. "Please don't tell me some asshole hurt you."
Don't think about it, Aisling.
He lifted my chin, coaxing me to look at him again. My vision blurred and I closed my eyes, tears slipping down my face.
"Please, honey, don't shut down." He said and wiped the tears away with his thumbs. "Talk to me."
I opened my eyes and chuckled grimly, "I always cry around you."
"I don't care about that," he said.
"I'm damaged."
He didn't respond. He just tilted his head to the side and raised an eyebrow that said, Really?
I sighed. "Back at college, I was in a private room at the library, like I was most days between classes. Some guy walked in. I didn't see him because my back was to the door. And I didn't hear him because I had headphones on." I shrugged, "Anyway, he grabbed me. He just reached over my shoulders and squeezed. I felt his breath on the top of my head—" I cringed "—and just as soon as he arrived, he let me go and ran. I never saw his face."
"Jesus, Aisling."
"I'm sorry. I told you I'm damaged."
"Stop apologizing. You're not damaged. You're perfect. Just the way you are. You've just been hurt. Way too many times." He shook his head. "Look, what happened to you wasn't your fault and certainly not how men act. Not all men anyway. If you ever decide you want me — or anyone else for that matter — to touch you, it should be your choice, never someone else's. I will never touch you unless you tell me otherwise."
His words hit me, hard. I didn't expect them. His thoughtfulness moved me. "Thank you." I shrugged. "I-I have no experience. So I don't know what I'm doing."
"You've never been in a relationship before?"
I shook my head and looked down again. "I haven't even been kissed before." Maybe I shouldn't have said that. I hesitated. "Is that a bad thing?"
"No, of course not. It doesn't change anything, Aisling." He shook his head, "Shit, I'm sorry if I hurt you."
"Hurt me?"
"I pushed you down." He said, eyeing my hips. "I was a little distracted."
"Oh, that was more than okay. That felt amazing, actually," he smiled at my response. "I was already moving around anyway. I'm surprised you even enjoyed that at all."
Connor laughed, "How could I not enjoy that? You are beautiful and so incredibly sexy. And you feel even better."
I smiled, "You think I'm beautiful?"
"Why don't we try something? I don't know if it will work, but if it does, isn't it better to show, not tell?"
My smile widened at the writing reference, not following what he was talking about, but I nodded, "Um, do you want me to move?"
He shrugged, "Not unless you want to."
I was content to stay right where I was and he grinned when I stayed still.
"Close your eyes and listen to my voice."
I did.
"Now focus on me, see through my eyes, Aisling."
With a flinch, I saw myself. My cheeks were flushed, my messy curls looked ... sexy, and my aura glowed in a deep pink. My lips were soft and perfect.
It was odd, seeing myself in a new light. Except for my dream — well, Connor's dream, which wasn't as vivid as what I saw in that moment, my imperfections were too glaring to me. But through Connor's eyes, I was truly beautiful.
Pulling away from the sight, I smiled and opened my eyes.
He was smiling, too. "That worked didn't it?"
"You could tell?"
"I could feel it on the back of my neck."
"Do you mind if I ask you something else?"
"What?"
"You don't by chance remember what you dreamt about two nights ago, do you?"
His eyes narrowed. "Why?"
"Um ... I had a dream...," I trailed off.
"You saw my dream didn't you?" Instead of responding to that realization with frustration, or some kind of incredulity over my question, he smiled.
If I didn't love Connor before that moment, I fell over the edge into a bottomless ocean that was only for him. I knew I was never going back.
Instead of answering him, I kissed him, hard.
When my lips collided with his, I wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him closer. His arms tightened around me and he arched up, that friction between us picking up right where it left off and I moaned into his mouth.
Despite not knowing what I was doing, I opened my mouth and he responded instantly. He tasted divine. Better than I ever imagined possible. I couldn't move close enough. Couldn't stop kissing him.
Oh, god, but he could kiss.
When I broke away, I gasped, pulling in air. But Connor didn't stop. He trailed kisses down my jaw and moved beneath me, giving me what I wanted. My moans grew louder as I moved faster, matching his movements with equal fervor. By the time he found my mouth again I was lost in the sensation.
As the waves took me away, I hoped he felt the same about me as I did for him. With every cell in my body, every beat of my heart, I knew I found my home.
Chapter 18



Three days after Connor and I shared that heated moment on my couch, I was a wreck. He apologized afterward for letting himself get carried away. Breathless, my body humming in a delicious afterglow, I told him it was my fault. But it didn't matter. We needed to slow down because he would be my first relationship — first everything — and he needed to do it right.
Since then, if he wasn't teasing me about something, he spent the time teaching me, training me. Other than hugs, which were still few and far between, Connor kissed my forehead twice and held my hand once. It was driving me crazy, like a fever. I ached to touch him. To kiss him. It was a deep ache low in my belly that burned for him. 
If something didn't change soon, I would spontaneously combust. 
Seriously.
It was mid-morning and I was lying in bed, watching little dust particles dance in the streams of sunlight coming through my windows, when my phone rang. I knew who it was, because the chorus from Hot For Teacher filled my otherwise silent bedroom. 
Subtle, I know. 
And if Connor ever found out about it, I would die of embarrassment. Smiling, I answered, "Hello, you've reached me while I'm sleeping."
Connor laughed, sending tingles down my spine. "Maybe I should leave you and your bed to a few more quiet hours together and go have lunch with myself."
"No, that's alright," I laughed. "I'm up anyway."
"Good morning, then, Aisling."
"Good morning, Connor."
"Get dressed."
"Can I ask where we're going?"
"Nope," he teased, knowing exactly what he was doing. He loved to keep me guessing.
I rolled my eyes, knowing he couldn't see it. Then for his benefit, I sighed, "Fine, I'll be ready in thirty minutes."
After we hung up, I sprang out of bed, turning on my favorite playlist. I showered, shaved, and ran the diffuser through my dripping curls until they were damp. I pulled a trusty hairband onto my wrist and went to my closet.
I fished through the sea of jeans and tops until I found it. The black dress wasn't tight, but it hugged my curves, accentuating my hourglass figure better than my normal wardrobe. I slipped it on over a matching set of black lace panties and bra.
The hem of the dress fell to mid-thigh, and I hoped the knee-high black boots would highlight my exposed skin without making me look slutty. The fact that they weren't heels helped.
With luck, hiking wasn't on the agenda.
My phone buzzed and I looked at it. There was a text message from Angela. Has he kissed you again?
I smiled. When I first told her about what happened, I could hear her jumping up and down on the other line. Since then, she texted me every few hours to see if there were any new juicy details for me to share. No. But he's taking me to lunch. That would hold her for a while.
A scratch sounded at my door and I shrugged at myself in the mirrors. Good enough.
I grabbed my phone and opened the door. Shadow looked at me from head to toe and wheezed. I wasn't sure what to make of that sound. "Good morning to you, too." I rubbed the back of his ear and he leaned into my hand, grumbling in pleasure. "Does that mean you like my outfit?" I smiled.
Shadow raised his head, which I took for a nod — it was hard to tell with a two-hundred-and-fifty-pound white werewolf — and went down the stairs ahead of me.
"Thanks," I mumbled as the front door opened.
Connor stepped inside and closed the door behind him. "Hey, buddy," he said in greeting to Shadow, patting him on the head, then looked up at me and froze.
I descended the stairs with care and let him look me over. His eyes raked down my body and he gulped. His purple aura bled into red and only brightened as I moved closer. When I stopped in front of him, he coughed, "Well, hello."
This is working better than I expected.
Connor looked amazing as always, wearing his usual attire of dark colors. My eyes did a similar appreciative slide down his body. "Hey, yourself," I purred.
He smiled, but I caught the tightness in it. He looked a little nervous and I bit my cheek to keep from grinning at him. Reaching over my shoulder, he helped me into my coat and asked, "Ready to go?"
I nodded, and we were off.
In the time it took me to prepare for our date, clouds moved in and the sun was blanketed behind them, casting a subtle glow over everything. Errant flurries fell, but they melted as soon as they touched the ground.
Connor held my hand as we walked to town and he told me where we were headed. After his behavior over the previous two days, I was convinced my outfit affected him more than I hoped.
I looked up at him and smiled.
"What?" he asked, his aura swirling with light blue and pink.
"Thank you for taking me to lunch."
"Don't thank me yet. The food might be terrible."
I laughed. "The food has nothing to do with the gesture."
"You're welcome, then," he said and stopped to look at me. The light blue in his aura faded away. "I know I didn't say this earlier, but you look absolutely amazing."
I smiled, "Thank you. You do too."
"Ha," he said with a playful grin. "Thanks back."
"Well, fancy seeing you two here," an Australian female voice purred.
Connor stiffened as I turned to see Zoe walking toward us.
With inky black hair falling around her face, it darkened her grayish skin, making her pale eyes look more sinister, like they glowed from within. She wasn't wearing any makeup and her skin looked flawless, beautiful. Black, skin-tight jeans hugged her slight frame and her stiletto-heeled boots brought her just under Connor's height. She wore a billowy crimson blouse underneath her open leather jacket.
In one word, she was intimidating.
But I wasn't scared of her.
Connor turned and pushed me behind him. "We are not doing this, Zoe."
"Relax," she waved her hand. "I'm not going to touch your little girlfriend, Connor. I just want to talk," she said, her aura a mixture of black, gray, and pink. Her eyes flickered to me and back to Connor again. "Alone."
He sighed, "Aisling, why don't you go inside and wait for me? I'll be there in a minute."
I didn't trust Zoe — she was up to something. I didn't know what she was after, but I did trust Connor, so I went inside the pizzeria and sat down on the bench inside the door.
"May I take you to a table, miss?" the hostess asked from her podium. Her eyes were so caked with makeup, it looked like she was trying to pass as a raccoon.
"I'm waiting for someone, thanks," I replied and she nodded, looking down to study the seating arrangement. I closed my eyes and focused on Connor. A sick feeling I didn't notice before washed over me and I began to use sight.
"Coffee?" Zoe asked as she walked toward The Coffee Stand, a little shop that served the usual coffee and espresso out of a lonely window, right there on the sidewalk.
"No," he replied and rubbed the back of his neck. 
Could he tell I was using sight? 
My mind told me I was invading his privacy, that I shouldn't look. But the feeling in my stomach prevented me from withdrawing. Gramma said I should trust my heart. And until I knew Connor was safe, I would keep watching.
"Two coffees, please. One black, one extra cream and sugar," Zoe told the man behind the window.
Connor watched the darkness emanate from her and I heard one thought, What did I even see in her? 
That wasn't something I expected. 
"What do you want, Zoe?"
Drumming her fingers on the window ledge, she said, "I want to talk."
"I've gathered that," he nodded slowly. "What about?"
"I want you to come back to me," Zoe sighed and ran a long, black fingernail over his chest.
He knocked it away as the barista placed the cups on the ledge. Zoe handed him a ten and said, "Keep the change." She handed Connor the cup with +C+S written on it in black marker.
He took the cup but didn't take a drink. "You've got to be kidding me, Zoe." He sighed. "We've been over this before." They took a few steps away from the window to allow the next customer to order. "It's never going to happen."
"I can change," she shrugged.
"You haven't given any indication of that. A week ago you tried to kill Aisling."
Zoe sighed, "Oh, Connor," and rubbed the charm on her bracelet.
He noticed it too late, because he opened his mouth to speak, but instead, he took a long drink from the coffee cup, and froze. I didn't know how, but I knew he tasted something other than coffee.
"Don't fight it, Connor," she purred and her aura turned red. She tossed her cup into the trash can next to her, then grabbed his cup and tossed it too.
Zoe sidled up to him and wrapped her arms around his waist inside his coat. "That's right, baby," she breathed into his ear. "Let it work through your body." 
Then, she rubbed herself against the front of his pants and kissed him.
Chapter 19



My eyes snapped open and I jumped up, running out the door of the pizzeria, not bothering to slow down when the hostess called after me. Tears stung my eyes. Zoe did something to Connor. I needed to help him, but I didn't know what to do.
I heard Connor's groan as a few people walked by, muttering various cheers or admonitions for their public display.
Zoe pulled away when she saw me and smiled. "Sorry dearie, but Connor's mine now," she pouted in feigned sympathy.
Connor's hands went up to Zoe's face and caressed her cheeks, pulling her back into a kiss.
I gasped in disbelief as questions flew through my mind. Why wasn't he fighting it? What happened to him? "Connor?" I muttered as I walked up to them.
He groaned again and deepened the kiss. Both of their auras glowed red.
In a flash, I was pissed. I could cry later. That bitch did something to Connor. The hair on the back of my neck rose as magic flowed out of me.
Zoe stepped back several feet, her ankles wobbling unsteadily on her spiked heels, while my magic pushed her away. Connor dropped his arms to his sides and stood still.
My magic focused on Zoe, holding her away as black flashed back into her aura. She cried, "What the hell are you doing?"
Connor remained where he was. I walked in front of him, stood with my face inches from his. "Look at me, Connor."
His eyes were unfocused and blank, staring off behind me. The red in his aura faded to pink. I put my hands on his face and pulled his head down, looking into his eyes, but there was no recognition, no response.
What the hell?
I spun around and growled at Zoe, "What the hell did you do to him?"
"Something I should have done a long time ago," she spat, struggling against my magic.
My hand squeezed into a fist and I watched as Zoe started choking. Her eyes widened and gray filled her aura. My magic spread out and cocooned around us, forcing people to give us a wide berth and ignore us.
"What. Did. You. Do?" I ground out and released her throat.
The dark witch leaned forward and gulped in air. "Potion," she pulled in more air, "I used potion," she took another breath, "and this charm to get him to drink it." She wiggled her wrist indicating the bracelet that hung from it.
"How do you reverse it?"
That perfect, black hair swayed in curtains on either side of her face as she shook her head. "There is no reverse."
"Bullshit," I hissed and squeezed my fist again. Zoe's air cut off. I asked again, "What's the reversal?" I released her throat, "There's always a reversal."
"I don't know it, okay?" she gasped, her Aussie accent stronger. "Jesus, what are you?"
"That's none of your damn business," I snapped.
I turned around again and looked into Connor's sightless eyes. Tears pooled and fell as I prayed to the moon. To my mother. My grandmother. Anyone.
Help me, please.
Nothing responded.
No vision, signal, or even a whiff of an answer from anything. I put my hands on Connor's face again, searching for a sign that he was still in there. Other than the low-level desire in his aura, there was nothing.
I felt Zoe use her magic to push against mine, but she couldn't penetrate it. Then, I raked my fingers through Connor's smooth, brown hair. "I'm so sorry, Connor," I whispered and kissed him.
There was no reaction. He didn't even close his eyes. I pulled away and steeled myself. Wiping my tears away, I turned around to face Zoe again.
"You and I have some work to do," I growled.
With my power, I dragged Zoe to the library while Connor followed a few feet behind, like he was on a leash.
When we walked through the double doors into the old building, I breathed in the familiar scent of old, musty books. Angela stood at the counter, stacking books onto a cart next to her. For once, I was glad Ester wasn't the one standing there.
Angela looked up and a smile spread across her face. But it faded as she took in my expression. "Aisling, what's wrong?" she asked and walked around the desk toward us.
I looked at Zoe and growled, "Sit down and be quiet or I'll choke you again. This time, I won't stop." I was almost disappointed she obliged.
"What the hell is going on?" Angela asked and then eyed Connor. "Why is he just standing there?"
"I'm sorry, Angela. I didn't know what else to do," my voice cracked as I struggled to hold my control.
She held her hands out in a gesture for me to calm down. "Start at the beginning."
I told my best friend what happened — the potion, the charm, any details I could remember, not caring that Zoe would figure out I could use sight. If she combined that with what I was able to do with my magic, she'd know what I was.
Angela looked at the small charm on Zoe's wrist and I knew she couldn't see the tiny black aura that swirled around it. While I spoke, she grabbed a piece of paper to draw the symbol etched into its surface. It was a circle with three vertical lines running through it. 
After a long glance at the piece of paper, she sighed, "I don't know if I can help you, Aisling. I have tons of information, but I don't have grimoires or guides on spell reversals."
Tears were falling from my eyes and I struggled to keep my magic focused on Zoe. 
This couldn't be happening. What was I supposed to do?
"Do you think the grimoire your mother kept has anything in it?" Angela asked.
I shook my head, "No, she didn't use dark magic." I shuddered as I struggled to keep from breaking down.
Not until this is finished.
"I'll check the archives, okay. Just hold on," Angela said and went back to her office.
I turned to Zoe and asked, "What did that charm do?"
"This?" she raised her arm and sighed. "It was connected to the cup. It compelled him to drink."
I regarded the woman sitting in front of me. "Then it must be useless now," I said, stepping forward. Gray seeped into her aura and I paused.
Why is she scared about the charm?
I turned around and looked at Connor. His body was angled toward Zoe, sightless eyes staring at nothing. When we were standing in the street, his aura was pink. At some point, it shifted to gray. What changed?
"Take it off," I said, turning back to Zoe.
"No," she responded, the fear in her aura brightened.
Despite the wobble in my knees, I squeezed my fist again. Zoe choked, pulling at her throat in a futile attempt to pull in air. "Now," I gritted. She yanked the bracelet off her wrist and threw it at me. I caught it with my free hand and released her, allowing her to breathe again.
Connor pivoted toward me in my peripheral vision. I turned to him, puzzled, and then glanced down at the bracelet. I waved it to my left, and he shifted toward it. And when I moved my arm to the right, he moved again.
"What will happen if I destroy this charm?"
"He'll die," Zoe blurted, too fast for me to believe her answer.
"I think you're lying," I mused. "This means," I continued, "that he most certainly won't die."
The gray in her aura was almost sparking as it undulated around her like a cloud of thick smoke.
"You don't want me to destroy it, because it will break his connection to you. Won't it?"
Something deep within me said that she needed the bracelet to keep Connor tethered to her.
Fear continued to rise in her aura and I grinned. I dropped the bracelet on the ground and she gasped as I stomped the thick, flat heel of my boot over it, shattering the charm. A wave of dark magic erupted from it and spread throughout the open space of the library in a gust of blackened air that picked up loose papers and flung them around before disappearing through the walls.
I watched Connor and waited. But he didn't move.
Angela came rushing out of her office, "What was that?" she called. I turned to face her.
"Your girl here just destroyed the charm," Zoe nodded to me and chuckled as she twirled her black hair around two fingers, with a small smile on her face. It was as if she didn't have a care in the world. And then I noticed the fear was gone from her aura. It looked like a nest of black and red snakes slithering around her.
"What?" Angela breathed and looked back at me. She shook her head, "No, Aisling. That's one of the darkest forms of magic." Her voice dropped to almost a whisper, "Destroying that charm made the spell permanent."
Chapter 20



It took a moment for Angela's words to sink in, but when it did, the blood drained from my face. "No," I breathed, sinking to my knees.
I buried my face in my hands and cried. Zoe tricked me with her aura and I lost Connor forever. Sure, he was alive, but he was a shell. Her new plaything.
And I failed.
I doubled over, within inches of touching the floor as I sobbed. The pain in my chest grew as the weight of my actions came crashing down on me. I felt Angela's hands on my back, attempting to calm me, but it wouldn't work. I didn't think I'd ever be calm again. I would never be able to forgive myself for what I did.
"That's not possible," Zoe gasped, but I didn't register the words.
Angela whispered something in surprise and moved away from me.
Good. 
I'd rather suffer alone.
A warm hand touched my shoulder from behind me, squeezing. I gasped and dropped my hands. No one was behind me, except....
"Aisling?" a raspy voice said.
I spun around to see Connor leaning over, his hair curtaining around his face as he clutched my shoulder. He looked weak and frail, like he could pass out at any moment.
His mouth lifted in a weak smile and he let go of my shoulder, straightening with a pained expression.
Moving to my feet, I crashed into him without thinking, almost knocking him over. I steadied him and wrapped my arms around his waist in a fierce hug. He wrapped his arms around me and held me.
"No!" Zoe cried, standing up from her chair. "That's not possible."
Connor turned and looked at Zoe. "Sorry to disappoint you, but your potion didn't work." The rasp in his voice lessened with each word.
"No. You were supposed to be mine. I had enough power after I took that hooker."
I stiffened. Zoe Kavanaugh was Samantha Deveraux's true killer.
"You weren't supposed to love her," Zoe spat the last word at me, her pale, dead eyes raking over me with disgust. Green engulfed her aura. "You were supposed to be mine." She lunged at us, nails ready.
My hand flashed out from around Connor, magic rolling off me again. Zoe flew backward into her chair. If not for the bookshelf behind it, the momentum would have taken her to the floor.
After a moment of surprise, she recovered, "I see what this is." She glared at Connor. "You're after her power, aren't you?"
"Don't be ridiculous, Zoe."
"She's powerful. She's beautiful. And she's just your fucking type," Zoe spat the words and then sneered at me. "That's right, dearie. He'll drop you like a bad habit as soon as you grow a fucking backbone, you sniveling little wretch," she said, her Australian accent grew sharper as she hurled the words at me.
She sighed, and then added in a calm tone, "But you know what? You can have him. There's a big player in town and I'm sure they'd just love to hear all about you." Zoe said the last three words in slow succession.
I didn't know who or what Zoe was talking about and I didn't care, because Connor was back. We could deal with whatever she could throw at us later. "Zoe," I growled, "I don't ever want to see your face again. If I do, I'll finish what I started."
"You don't have it in you," Zoe said, her eyes raking over me in disgust.
My mouth widened in a beatific smile that was all teeth. I closed my fist. "Wanna bet?" I said as Zoe started choking again.
Angela gasped.
With a shake of his head, Connor reached out and put his hand over mine. "Don't, Aisling."
I let Zoe think that Connor needed to talk me down from killing her and watched as the fear in her aura brightened. If he believed I would do it, his actions would have been more animated about stopping me. But I would much rather she was scared of me than think I would be an easy victim.
Zoe gulped in more air as I allowed the power to fall away. "Now go."
Without another word, she left the three of us standing in the otherwise empty library.
I looked up at Connor. "You think she bought it?"
"Yeah," he grinned, "I think she did."
"Jesus, Aisling," Angela said. I turned to her and saw her jaw hanging open. "You are seriously badass!"
She drove us back to my house a few minutes later. And, even though she already knew what was going on between us, she gave me an approving grin before she left.
After helping him out of his coat, Connor settled down on the couch and I covered him with the blanket. The effort he took to break the spell depleted all of his energy, leaving him exhausted.
While Shadow stood nearby, watching with concern, I explained what happened. He growled when I mentioned Zoe. With a well-placed rub, he quieted and let me continue.
After I finished, I let Shadow out and made my way back to the living room. "I'm sorry," I said and sat down on the edge of the seat next to Connor.
"For what?" He turned on his side and took my hand.
"Everything. I used my sight to see what Zoe was doing, because something wasn't right. I know I shouldn't have. I saw her force you to drink that potion. I didn't know what to do."
He waited, knowing I wasn’t finished.
I shrugged. "I tried everything I could think of, including kissing you, as if old fairy tales could actually come in handy." I rolled my eyes and my mouth lifted into a small smile. "I went to Angela, but I didn't give her time to find any answers. I destroyed the charm because I thought it would break the spell."
"First of all, I knew you were using sight. I was glad you were. Second, Zoe compelled me to drink. And third, it worked, Aisling." Pink filled his aura and he smiled.
I looked at him, not understanding.
"You saved me on both accounts."
I was still confused.
He smiled, "My mind was gone but then you kissed me and I came back. I was trying to break through the wall, but it was too strong. If you didn't destroy that charm," he shook his head, "I don't know how long it would have taken me to break out of it."
"Well, I think Zoe planned to break it herself. She thought it would be permanent," I said, not mentioning her comment about him loving me.
He rubbed his thumb over my knuckles. "Spells like that don't always work."
"Why is that?"
"There are a lot of factors that go into a spell like that. If something isn't right, it won't hold." Green and gray bled into his aura, swirling around with pink. That was when I realized he knew what went wrong and he was afraid to tell me.
While Connor slept, I changed out of the dress and put on yoga pants and a tank top. Later that night, I woke him so he could eat the grilled cheese I made for him. When he finished, he put the plate on the coffee table and lifted his blanket, inviting me to lie down next to him.
Climbing over, I snuggled against him and rested my head on his chest. He wrapped his arms around me and kissed the top of my head. He was asleep a few moments later.
If Connor was so depleted of his energy after a few minutes under Zoe's spell, I wondered what would have happened if the spell lasted. 
Would it have killed him? 
I listened to his heart beating and shuddered as I dozed off, glad I wasn’t going to find out.
Chapter 21



While I cooked the next evening, Connor went outside to do some long-form martial arts movements. I watched him through the door, moving in a smooth, controlled fashion from one stance to the next, but it wasn't any kind of martial arts I recognized. It was mesmerizing. 
And I almost ruined dinner.
Soft music played from the sound dock, while Shadow sat on the floor, wolfing down a plate of raw hamburger. I was finishing loading up our plates when Connor came in and took his seat at the head of the table. With his dark long-sleeve shirt, the buttons open at the top, revealing a peppering of hair on his chest, and his sleeves pulled up beneath his elbows, he was drool-worthy. 
The kitchen was spacious and opened to the living room. Except for the light, honey color of the old cedar farmhouse table and chairs, everything was white — from the shaker cabinets blending with seamless, stone countertops, to the appliances. It was subtle, but the kitchen’s focus was centered on gathering together to eat. 
I sat there, dwarfed by a deadly mass of white fur and teeth, that was more than double my weight, and a witch. Having them there, in that moment, made me feel safe and secure. Like we were home. Together.
The kitchen felt neglected since my grandmother passed away. As if it died with her. Since I met Connor, with each passing day, that began to change. But I never made one of her recipes. Until that evening. And the stroganoff tasted both delicious and bittersweet.
After complimenting his first bite with a groan of pleasure, Connor looked up at me. "I didn't thank you yesterday for what you did."
"Thank me for what?" I asked and smiled down at Shadow, more so inhaling the plate of stroganoff than eating it. I was beginning to wonder if the faint purple aura that surrounded him was permanent.
Connor put down his fork and laid his hand over mine. "You didn't give up. Well," he smiled, "not until Angela crushed your hope."
"I thought I just handed you over to Zoe on a silver platter. The bitch tricked me with her aura," I chuckled to hide my unease.
"Remember what I said about trust. That includes auras. But really, Aisling, thank you for saving me."
The words, I would die for you, hung on my tongue, but instead, I squeezed his hand, and said, "Of course."
"You were amazing, too, by the way." He let me go and picked up his fork, spearing another group of noodles. "I didn't mention that either. When my mind came back, I could see how emotional you were from your aura, but you held your own against Zoe with your magic. You didn't waver."
"Thank you," I smiled and then stabbed a creamy mushroom with my fork before I popped it in my mouth. I thought more about my emotions and how they were more intense than I remembered. "Are emotions a big part of being Earthen?"
"Yes," he replied, after finishing another bite. "Since Earthens could use magic from their will alone, they needed something to fuel it. That's where emotion comes in. If you don't want something to happen, and I mean really want it, it won't happen for an Earthen. But I don't know much else about them."
"Do you think Earthens' emotions were heightened because of that?"
He shrugged, "Maybe."
We ate in silence for the next few minutes until Connor finished his last bite, leaning back in his chair in satisfaction, and said, "Why don't we go to the clearing and play?" Connor said, looking down at Shadow, then back to me.
Shadow let out a yip in agreement and thumped his tail on the floor. I smiled down at him, amazed at the way he grinned at me. At how much he resembled my old dog. The one that was murdered. I couldn't say no to that face.
"Sure, let's go."

Connor and I walked together while Shadow trotted ahead. The night was clear and the stars twinkled above us. The moon was a few days past full and illuminated our path through the woods. Everything — even Connor — looked almost surreal in the dim blue light.
When we made it to the clearing, Shadow finished running around the perimeter. He stopped in front of us and wagged his tail. The motion caused his hind end to sway with it, making him look even more like a dog than a werewolf. His tongue hung out the side of his mouth in a big, goofy grin.
Connor pulled a red ball from his coat and threw it out into the clearing. The ball sailed through the air to the opposite end. Shadow sped off after it, his aura engulfed in light blue, moving faster than I thought his massive body could carry him. It was a little unnerving that he didn't make any noise at all.
"You have quite the throwing arm," I said in appreciation.
Connor laughed, his aura turning light blue with his playful mood, and draped his arm over my shoulder. "Don't get ahead of yourself," he said. "I spelled it to travel a further distance."
In the low light, I couldn't see the aura around it, but it didn't matter. "That's okay, I'm still impressed," I shrugged and Connor squeezed me once before he let me go. "Werewolves like to play catch?"
"Shadow does. That's all that matters," he replied with a shrug as the wolf ran back up to us with the ball in his mouth. Connor reached out and grabbed it, but Shadow growled and clamped his jaws down. They both pulled, while Shadow shook his head like a shark, and Connor laughed.
"I'm glad you two have each other," I said, smiling.
When Connor wrenched the ball out of Shadow's mouth, he handed it to me, in all its wet and sticky glory.
I forgot what it was like to play with a dog, and Shadow was so much like one. A very lethal and intimidating kind of dog, but his intelligence went far beyond any I knew about.
Smiling, I tossed the ball into the night and it sailed through the air.
Shadow bounded off after it with blinding speed.
"See? Told you it was spelled," Connor said. "And it's not just the two of us anymore, Aisling."
I blushed and changed the subject, "Aren't you worried about him biting you?"
He shook his head. "Shadow is very careful. Besides, werewolves can't infect witches with their bite. If he did bite me, it would hurt like hell, but that's all."
"Oh," I said and looked down at the ground, reminded yet again how much I didn't understand.
"Hey," he breathed. His light blue aura darkened and he touched my cheek. "You'll figure everything out. It just takes time."
I stepped closer and watched as his aura changed to pink. I stared at his mouth, and licked my lips, pleading with my eyes. Those dark brown eyes watched the movement and his aura darkened. 
Grabbing the collar of his coat, I pulled him down and kissed him. His arms wrapped around me and he pulled me tighter, deepening the kiss. When he pulled away and rested his forehead against mine, I whispered, "Please, Connor. Don't stop."
He straightened and grinned. "I told you we should take it slow, Aisling. Come on, let's go sit down." He took my hand and we made our way to the bridge, watching Shadow tease the ball like it was a rabbit, hiding under the field of frozen and desiccated primroses.
In one lithe motion, Connor sat down on the bridge and held his hand out.
I took my place between his legs and he leaned forward until he was touching my back. "It's amazing how much Shadow is like a dog," I said as the wolf pounced on the ball again. "If he wasn't so big and didn't have an aura, I'd think he was a dog."
"Most were-animals pick their preference and just stay that way. I met Shadow as a wolf, and he only changed so he could tell me his name. I haven't seen him as a human since."
"How old were you when you met him?"
"I was seventeen."
I thought back to what he told me about his past, I was alone for three years until Shadow came along. That was almost nine years ago, and realized he was alone since he was around fourteen-years-old. I shook my head. "I can't believe you've been alone for so long."
He squeezed my shoulders. "It's alright."
"Do they choose their form because of the MDM?" I asked, moving back on topic.
"Mostly. They try to keep hidden so they don't attract attention. To most people, if they see Shadow, they just think he's a really big, white German shepherd, maybe even mixed with a wolf. If he's with me, they think he's mine.
Shadow bounded up to me and dropped the wet ball in my lap. I smiled and threw it out into the clearing. He ran after it and pounced as it landed.
Then a deafening sound of gunfire rang out into the night and Shadow collapsed to the ground.
Chapter 22



The shot came from our left, toward the Friend's Trail. Connor pulled me to my feet right after Shadow hit the ground, and directed me around the bridge to take shelter behind it, but not before another shot went off. 
The bullet whizzed past my head and we dropped to the ground on reflex, crawling the rest of the way to the creek. "What about Shadow? I whispered, looking up at Connor in wide-eyed fear. He looked torn, between protecting me, and going to help the injured werewolf in the middle of the clearing. 
Shadow wasn't moving, but I could still make out the faint aura around him. I couldn't tell if it was light blue or if it shifted back to purple.
Another shot went off and a chunk of the railing in front of me splintered in the next instant, shooting bits of wood into the air.
"Use your sight," Connor hissed, pushing me closer to the ground.
He didn't need to tell me what he intended. I could guess. Clamping my eyes closed, I focused on the gun and its operator, searching for it in the darkness of my mind.
When I opened my eyes, I was no longer seeing through my own. The shooter's gaze was level with the ground, looking down the sight of a rifle. My hand shot out from behind the bridge and pointed at the shooter, hidden by the cover of the woods. Black-gloved hands loaded more bullets into the chamber.
"Go," I said, "he's reloading."
The shooter didn't notice as Connor stood, reached into the pocket of his jeans, and disappeared. Literally. He vanished in the field. But I could hear him running toward the shooter with both sets of ears.
Once the rifle was reloaded, Shooter's eyes focused on my position on the ground, behind the cover of the bridge. He angled it so the bullet would pass through the wood and straight into my head. I couldn't move without pulling out of the sight, and I could hear Connor approaching him.
As his finger began to tighten on the trigger, something knocked the rifle out of the way. Connor appeared, standing above him, and landed a punch into his eye.
Pain exploded and my vision went black. In a wild panic, I struggled to move away. To escape the blows. My hand slipped while my heart pounded in my chest and I fell backward. My head landed in icy water and suddenly, I wasn't in the clearing anymore.
I was in my childhood bedroom. Looking around in the darkness. Listening as the erratic, stomping footsteps of my step-father thumped up the stairs, one by one.
Just this once. Please. Let him go to bed.
But the sounds of his footsteps turned and made their way closer. I moved to the corner and slid down the wall, cowering beneath the window as if the tiny glow of the moonlight would protect me.
I flinched as the door swung open and banged against the wall, revealing the silhouette of my step-father in the doorway. The harsh light behind him darkened his features. His shoulders rose and fell with every breath he took, like he was running a moment before. But I knew better.
It was the anticipation.
I hoped the house would swallow me, so I cowered lower.
I hoped my teddy bear would save me, so I clutched him tighter.
But neither of those happened. They never did.
"You think you can hide from me, you little bitch?" my daddy said to me as he stepped toward me.
I shook under his hateful glare, but I didn't dare cry out as he reached me and ripped Teddy from my arms. "You've been bad, little girl. Very bad. Do you know what happens to little girls who are bad?" He tossed Teddy away and kicked my leg with a steel-toed boot. I bit my tongue to keep from screaming and tasted blood. I curled back into myself, trying to shrink as far as I could away from him. "They get punished," he said, kicking my hip.
I whimpered from the searing pain that shot down my leg from the contact with his boot. "I'm s-sorry, Daddy," I whispered, afraid if I spoke any louder I'd start to sob.
Daddy hated it when I sobbed.
"You're sorry? You're always fucking sorry," he said with another kick to my hip. "Sorry doesn't cut it, girl. You are nothing. You aren't even worth the air you breathe." He grunted and rubbed the bulge at the front of his pants. I looked away, trying not to gag. "You will be a damn fine treat in a few years, won't you, darlin'?"
Daddy leaned down and grabbed the front of my nightgown, balling the material in his fist, and dragged me up the wall. Holding me there at arm's length, while my feet dangled under me, he pulled his free arm back with his fist ready.
That was Daddy's favorite part. Making me wait for the first blow.
He said it was like Christmas morning.
I held up my arms and covered my face, squeezing my eyes closed, and waited.
Daddy wasn't careful with where he hit me. I would have visible bruises the next morning to try to cover up. Again. After a while, when there was nothing left but him and me and the pain, Daddy punched my head and my vision went black.
I cried out, struggling to hold my arms over my face, but something was pulling them away. I opened my eyes and was startled to see I was outside. The stars were shining above me.
Lashing out, I tried to escape my Daddy's blows. I kicked and flailed. It didn't matter that I was on my back on the cold ground. Didn't matter that my hair was soaked with frigid water. All that mattered was escaping him.
I heard a grunt as my foot connected with something solid. That was odd. I wasn't wearing shoes a moment ago.
"Aisling!"
That wasn't Daddy's voice.
Connor's face came into view as he looked down at me with the stars shimmering behind him. I focused on him and willed my limbs to stop flailing.
My fingers were shaped like talons, clutching his upper arms in an effort to fight him off. I forced myself to stop tearing at him, but I couldn't bring myself to let him go.
Connor put his hands on my cheeks, holding my head steady. He searched my eyes. "Jesus, Aisling. Just breathe. You're safe. Nothing's going to hurt you."
One second I was on the ground with my hair half in the creek, the next I was in Connor's arms, hugging him like there was no tomorrow. He wrapped his arms around me and held me while I forced myself to calm down.
I smelled wood smoke. Touched the skin on the back of his neck, feeling warmth rolling off him. Felt the smoothness of his hair. His aura was gray but it was shifting to pink.
I am in the clearing. With Connor. It is November ninth. My name is Aisling Green. And I am a witch.
Once I felt calm enough to speak, I said, "I'm sorry."
Connor chuckled. "You have got to stop doing that. You scared the shit out of me. You know that?"
Shadow growled somewhere behind me, low and throaty.
"She's fine. She's coming out of it," Connor said to the werewolf.
"Did I hurt you?" I asked.
"You kicked my leg pretty hard and you clawed my coat. I think you hurt its feelings."
I chuckled, as the adrenaline in my system slowed. "I'm sorry for kicking you."
"Would you stop apologizing?" he said, helping me to my feet.
Shadow licked my hand and I ran my fingers through his soft fur, happy he was alright.
I sighed, "Thank you for helping me find myself again."
"You don't have to thank me for that," he said. "What happened? Shadow howled to get my attention and you started screaming. It looked like you were trying to fight something off."
"That was a flashback," I replied. "I was still using the sight when you punched the shooter. That's what set it off. It was one of the nights my step-father beat me."
"Christ, Aisling, why didn't you tell me you had PTSD?"
I winced. "I'm sorry. I haven't had a reaction like that in a long time. I didn't know it would still be a problem. Otherwise, I would have told you."
Without warning, he pulled me into his arms again and held me. "I'm not going to let anything hurt you again," he whispered.
After what seemed like an instant and several minutes at the same time, he released me and wiped some of the droplets off the sleeves of his wool coat. I was about to say something when he looked at me and raised his eyebrow. "Do not apologize for your hair getting me wet."
I narrowed my eyes in challenge. "Or what?"
"That's my girl," he said and smiled.
Unable to help myself, I smiled back. My hair was starting to freeze so I wrung out as much of the moisture as I could and then wrapped it into a tight bun. "What happened to the shooter?"
Chapter 23



Connor took my hand and led me through the clearing. "How did we not notice him?" I asked.
"He was downwind, so Shadow couldn't smell him. And he got lucky he didn't snap any twigs or make any noises, or Shadow would have heard him."
The white wolf's aura was a mixture of green and purple as he walked ahead of us. "I don't understand what Shadow's aura means."
"I'm guessing he's pissed off but calm at the same time."
Shadow's tail whipped through the air.
"That would be a yes," he chuckled.
"Green also means anger?"
"Yeah," he nodded. "Along with envy, guilt, and jealousy." He pulled me to a stop and turned to face me. "Are you sure you're ready for this?"
"Yes, why?" I asked.
"Because there's a good chance he was sent by the MDM."
"Okay," I shrugged. "So we'll figure it out, whatever reason he came here. We'll deal with it."
"Let's go, then," Connor sighed, his aura turning to a deep blue.
Shadow waited in the brush while we pressed forward into the small space in the woods.
Under the cover of the trees, it was dark and the spot where the shooter hid was well concealed. The man wore black. He even wore a hat to match his gloves. With generic features, green eyes, and a clean-shaven face, he could have been a banker for all I knew.
He was tied to a big oak tree and was glaring at me as we approached. His stare made me feel like he hated me, but I never saw him before. I crossed my arms over my chest, refusing to cower.
"Who are you?" Connor asked.
"I am no one," he responded with a thick German accent.
"That's great," I muttered, dropping my arms.
"I'm going to ask you again," Connor said, not responding to me. "Who are you?"
"Malleus," the man said.
My teacher did warn me. But it didn't stop the ice from sliding down my spine when the shooter said that one word.
Connor continued, "You're with the Malleus Dei Maleficarum?"
"She must die," he spat.
"Who sent you?"
"She must die. She is witch."
Growling, Connor said, "I want to know who sent you."
"I tell you nothing."
"Shadow," Connor barked.
The wolf stepped out of the brush, his tail pointed behind him, head level with his spine, lips pulled back from his teeth, and he growled as he advanced on the shooter with slow, soundless steps.
"I'd like you to meet my friend, Shadow," Connor said. "You'll notice he's all better, despite the fact that you put a bullet in his chest."
That was news to me, too. 
He was healed?
Realization dawned and Shooter's eyes widened in fear.
"That's right. He's not too pleased with you right now. So how about you cut the shit, or I'll let my friend eat you?"
"I heard she was witch. I do not investigate. I kill."
The only other people that knew about my magic were my step-father, Zoe, and Angela. Angela would never betray me, and Zoe was so bent on taking my power, I didn’t think she would risk someone else killing me first. I hoped Martin was too drunk to remember what happened the night he showed up at my door. But that was the only logical conclusion.
"You will burn in hell for your sins. There are plenty more where I came from and Malleus won't stop until you are in hell where you belong. All of you."
"You guys are supposed to investigate," Connor said. "Why did you shoot first?"
"I am Kramer Scholar."
"What's that?" I asked.
"I will not speak to you, witch," he spat.
Technically he just did, but I didn't comment.
Connor answered for him. "I don't know, but we can find out." Turning back to the shooter, he asked, "Are you working alone?"
"They will come for you."
"Are there any other Kramer Scholars here?" Connor asked with more venom in his voice.
Shooter shook his head. "Nein."
With a sigh, Connor's dark blue aura intensified. "Alright then, Shadow, go ahead."
Shadow lunged for him. He caught the shooter's inner thigh with his jaws and ripped at him, his head tearing back and forth. The man screamed as blood gushed from his leg.
"What are you doing? Stop!" I cried as I shook away the shock of the werewolf's sudden attack. "You can't just kill him. We have to do something."
No. This man can't die for me.
"We can't," Connor kept his eyes on the shooter, like he was waiting for something. At last, he shook his head. "I really wish there was another way."
"What? Why not?"
"We have learned the hard way. This is our only option when we are faced with the risk of exposure." He put his hands on my shoulders. "If we leave him here, Shadow can see to it that his death will look like an animal attack. Trust me, love, if they are investigating you, you'd better hope you fall off their radar pretty quick, and hope no one else decides to shoot first. There's no other way. Not after what he's seen."
A man can't die so I can live.
"We can't let him die."
"I'm sorry, Aisling," he said, low. "It's too late. He'll be dead in less than a minute."
I'm not worth it.
Tears burned my eyes as I looked at the man, his lips were growing paler by the second. I knelt down in front of him as he pulled against his restraints, trying to reach me and kill me while in the throes of his own death. "I'm sorry this happened to you." My tears began to fall.
"You. Will. Pay," he whispered.
I didn't doubt that.
And I watched as the light faded from his eyes, his body went still, and he exhaled for the last time. "No one is supposed to die for me," I whispered.
Chapter 24



I repeated, "No one is supposed to die for me," and Connor tried to stop me and tell me I was wrong. But I couldn't listen. Withdrawing into myself, I pulled my arm away and walked off into the night toward the trail that would lead me home.
We walked in silence on the way. Shadow walked beside me and, in his doglike fashion, tried to make me feel better. I was so upset about what happened that I failed to register Shadow's cold, wet nose pressing into my palm. Connor stayed silent and followed behind us.
I put Connor through enough of my misery, I couldn't keep crying around him. Couldn't be the weeping woman that needed a man for comfort. Couldn't deal with it.
How could I let that happen? The man in the woods may have been fanatical in his faith in the Malleus Dei Maleficarum creed, but he didn't deserve to die.
No one is supposed to die for me.
The damage was done. A man was dead because of me. That weight would bear on my chest for the rest of my life. I wondered how many lives would be on my hands before mine was over. How many would I take to my grave, and answer for?
The Kramer Scholar meant to kill me, and he ended up dying.
But that wasn't all. Shadow didn't rip out his throat, ending his life in a matter of seconds. In the shooter's last moments, he was alone. Watching his mortal enemies stand before him, while we waited for the light to die in his eyes.
My protectors let him die a slow, agonizing death. Just like I did.
I didn't know which was worse, the shooter dying, or that he suffered.
When we reached my house, I didn't bother to remove my coat. I walked up the stairs, leaving the werewolf and the man I loved standing in the doorway. And I tried not to notice the sadness and fear swirling in Connor’s aura.
I closed the door behind me, went from my bedroom to my bathroom, removing my clothes along the way. While the tub filled with water, I pulled the band out of my hair and let it fall. When I stepped into the tub, I welcomed the sting of scalding water.
Instead of focusing on the shooter, I thought about Shadow and Connor and what they saw together over the years.
If the world was that dangerous and scary for them, the shooter's death made more sense. 
It was necessary.
I sat up.
Not only that, but the way he died was necessary.
How did I not see this before?
 Those last few minutes gave him an opportunity to speak. Spill secrets that would allow Connor to save his life. He chose to stay silent. They allowed him to save himself, and he didn't take it.
My protectors didn't want to kill him.
Life was never easy. It was messy and, at times, terrible. But the good parts were worth holding onto.
For as long as I could remember, Martin told me how meaningless my life was. But for the first time in my life, I forced myself to focus on the good.
My grandmother raised me after my mother died. We grieved her together, and the bond between us grew. She taught me what I knew about cooking. About life.
Angela, my best friend, moved to town after college. She wanted to build her life with me in it. I was her family.
Shadow, with whom I felt an instant connection, like I'd known him all my life, settled into life with me like he'd been there for years.
Then there was Connor. If there was such a thing as fate — and I believed it existed — it was like we were chosen to find each other. My magic spawned a freeze-frame in the street right after I first saw him. It was one of the most intense moments I experienced, and it would stick with me for the rest of my life. 
What could top that?
He saw me cry more times than I cared for, yet he never complained about comforting me. Never hesitated or resisted. He took it with stride and held me until I was myself again. And despite the overwhelming odds that told him he shouldn't help me, not only did he agree to help, but he found more than he bargained for.
If anyone deserved to live and be loved, it was him. I didn't care if I needed to die to prove it. He blew into my life like a hurricane, right when I needed him the most, and everything he did up to that moment in the woods was fight for me. Protect me. Help me. How could I think his actions with the shooter were any different?
As an Earthen, I possessed the power to end the fear and the bloodshed. I could be the one to stop it. I needed to stop it. If nothing else, I would do it for him.
Connor didn't deserve to live in fear.

I woke up, hearing a scratch at my bedroom door. The morning light streamed into my room from the windows. The familiar particles of dust glowed and hovered around me.
"I'm up," I croaked. I knew Shadow could hear me. His hearing was better than most dogs. I heard him walk down the stairs, letting his claws click on the steps as he went for my benefit. I saw him move without a sound countless times since I met him, and the subtle gesture let me know he was giving me my privacy. I appreciated that on so many levels.
Taking a shower, I washed my hair and shaved. Hell, I even put on lotion to make sure my legs were silky smooth. I brushed my teeth with one hand, while I squeezed the water from my curls with the other.
The panties I chose were a smooth black lace that showed enough cheek without tipping to the side of slutty. The rest of my outfit consisted of a matching bra, a black scoop neck t-shirt that dipped low enough to show some cleavage, and dark jeans.
On my way out the door, I picked up my coat and carried it down with me.
"Good morning," Connor said as I made it to the bottom of the stairs. He was sitting on the couch, reading one of the paperbacks I kept in the low bookshelf that spanned under the long row of windows across from him.
He looked the same as he always did, and I wondered if he owned anything different. He watched me hang up my coat and from the deep blue and gray aura that swirled around him, I knew he was still upset.
Why did I leave him like that all night?
I frowned and walked over to him.
Connor's eyes widened and he tossed the book to the side when I crawled onto his lap and straddled him. His mouth opened to speak, but I cut him off and kissed him, hard, pressing him back into the couch. He stiffened for a moment and then kissed me back with more fervor, wrapping his arms around me.
"Hmm, good morning indeed," he said when I pulled back. "What was that for?" The dark blue in his aura lightened a little and a deep pink ran through it.
I shrugged with a mischievous grin playing on my face.
He narrowed his eyes and grinned.
"Want breakfast?" I asked, with all innocence.
He nodded but hesitated for a moment before he released me.
I cooked bacon in my grandmother's — no, my cast iron skillet. As the meat popped and sizzled, Shadow sat on the floor a few feet away, watching me. I smiled down at him, "Want some?"
He licked his chops and tried to wag his tail, but since he was sitting on it, the motion caused his body to sway instead. My smile faded.
"You know something, Shadow?" I mused.
He tilted his head to the side.
"You remind me so much of a dog I had when I was a kid."
"The same one you mentioned before?" Connor asked.
"Yeah, Jackson," I nodded, and Shadow tilted his head again.
I glanced at Connor, lounging in his chair at the head of the table, looking at ease. He held up his hands and said, "Hey, that's not my story to tell."
I smiled, grateful for that consideration. "You want to know about him?" I asked Shadow as I flipped the bacon.
He yipped in approval.
"Okay," I shrugged, "but it's not pretty."
In my peripheral vision, I saw Shadow turn his head to look at Connor a few times throughout my story, but I was focusing too much on cooking than paying attention to wordless conversations between the two long-time friends.
When I finished my story, Shadow leaned against me, both in sympathy and for comfort. I didn't see him move toward me. Didn't hear him, either. "Thanks, buddy." I scratched behind his ear and smiled.
In a wordless response, he grumbled in his chest, which I took as something like a cat's purr, and he leaned into my hand.
He moved away and let me load up our plates. When I turned around with his plate, he snatched three pieces of bacon before I could set it on the floor. Then I headed to the table and sat down.
Connor took his first bite and groaned in pleasure. Without bothering to swallow the mouthful of scrambled eggs first, he mumbled, "You are an amazing cook."
I smiled, "Thank you. My grandmother taught me everything I know."
Three birds flitted into view at the back door behind my two companions and I looked up to see the triplets hovering there. I put down my fork and touched Connor's arm as I walked to the door.
I felt him follow me as I slid the door open and smiled at them. "Aisling, Connor," they cried in greeting.
"Hi guys," I smiled as Connor moved next to me and put his arm over my shoulder.
I let him explain to the trio about the previous night while I watched them. They were so animated. So full of life.
By the time he was finished, they were practically vibrating in the air. "We will keep a close watch," they promised, said their goodbyes, and flew away.
When we sat back down, Connor and I both froze as we looked at our plates. The bacon and the toast were gone. We both turned to Shadow, sitting by his empty plate and watching us. He made that same strange coughing noise that I knew was his laugh, and his aura swirled with light blue.
I narrowed my eyes at the white wolf at the same time Connor cried, "You thief!"
Chapter 25



After we ate what little was left on our plates for breakfast, Connor said he wanted to talk.
We faced each other on the couch, and he watched me, waiting. I wasn't ready — I didn't know if I would ever be ready — but I plowed in with a rush. "Okay, so I know this is complicated to explain, and I know it's illogical and stupid for me to believe, but it's just one of those things I was told over and over again while I was little."
"Told what?" Connor asked.
I shrugged. "That I was worthless. I wasn't worth the air I breathed, stuff like that."
"Christ, Aisling."
"I'm sorry," I said and hunched my shoulders, looking down at my hands.
"No, Aisling. Look at me," he said and grabbed my hands. "What that man did to you goes beyond logic and reason. Every time I think I've heard the whole story, more comes out. You didn't deserve any of it. You were a child!" His eyes searched mine. "There's a deep part of you that still feels like you're lost and that you're all those horrible things he said to you. But trust me, you are worth it."
"I know," I said, and his eyes widened in surprise. "That deep part of me is the child I was, if that makes any sense," I shook my head. "Anyway, when the shooter died, I couldn't get it out of my head. It should have been me dying, not him. But I, the adult me, knows that's all bullshit. It's just hard to push all those beliefs aside."
I put my hands on Connor's face and looked into his eyes, "I know I'm worth it, but I also know that I'm not the only one anymore." I shook my head. "I care about you and Shadow too much to let you get hurt."
His aura erupted with gray. "What are you saying?"
"Not that," I smiled, took his hands in mine, and squeezed them. "I mean, no matter what happens, you are worth dying for. You are worth any price."
Pink and orange filled his aura.
He put his hands on my face, caressing my cheeks with his thumbs. "That is why you're Earthen, Aisling," he said and kissed me.
God, but he could kiss.
Too soon, he pulled away and I bit my lip to keep myself where I was. "How can a werewolf be killed?" I asked.
His aura shifted to light blue and he grinned. "Do you know someone in particular you want to kill?
"No," I smiled, "but Shadow didn't die last night."
"You know the old stories about silver? Well, they aren't entirely untrue. It's iron ore."
"Iron ore?"
He nodded, "Iron ore is basically unprocessed iron, in its natural form. It's dangerous to werewolves. They can't heal easily, and it acts like a poison. Iron ore can also dampen magic, or, if there's enough of it, prevent it from being used completely. Iron has a similar effect but on a smaller scale."
"The shooter didn't use iron ore?"
"Correct."
"Okay, so how did you manage to make yourself invisible?"
"I have a few charms I keep ready in case I ever need them."
"How did you activate it?"
Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out a flat stone with a crescent moon symbol on it. "I put my thumb over the symbol to activate it. But when I let go, it dropped the invisibility and won't work again until I reactivate it."
My eyes widened and he chuckled. "It's only useful for a few minutes. I don't have nearly enough power to make myself invisible for longer than that."
"Why haven't you reactivated it?"
"It takes a considerable amount of power, and there are more pressing things to do right now." He put the stone back in his pocket. "First of all, you need to have Angela find out whatever she can about the MDM. I don't know what a Kramer Scholar is. Not for certain."
I called Angela, and after twenty minutes of explaining what happened, mixed with an awful lot of screeching coming from her end of the line, she calmed down.
"She said to come in at noon tomorrow," I said after I hung up. "What's next?"
"We each need to do a spell," Connor responded and pulled out a Swiss Army knife and two leather cords with some odd-looking amulets hanging from them. "These are charms. We need to activate them."
I picked up one of the cords and examined the charm. It was a crescent moon holding an iridescent green and blue marble. "What will it do?" I asked.
"It's like an alarm system of sorts," he smiled as my forehead creased in confusion. "If they're activated, it will bind to the maker. So if I make one and you wear it, it will light up to warn you if I'm in danger."
"Oh, that could come in handy."
"For you, activating it is simple."
"Let me guess, focus on it?" I asked.
Connor chuckled, "That's part of it. You focus, tell it to bind to your essence, and then pierce your finger and activate it with a drop of blood to the orb."
It sounded easy enough to me. "What about you?"
"I have to light a candle, chant a little, and use a fair amount of energy to cast it, and then add a drop of blood."
"How much energy will it take?"
"I won't be tired if that's what you mean. I just won't be able to do any complex magic for a while."
Something whispered to me in my mind. "Can I watch you cast it? Or is that too weird?"
He chuckled again, "You can watch." He grabbed the candle on the coffee table and lit it with a match.
"You don't need a special candle?" I asked.
He shook his head, and from my view, it made him look sexier. "No, that's just a myth. Fire is an element. It acts as a catalyst, or the activation. Sometimes more than one flame is required. Like if I wanted to cast a multi-layered spell, or if I wanted to make a spell more potent, but one flame is all I need for this one."
"What are the other elements?"
"Blood is common. It's used to bind a witch to a spell. Less commonly, earth, air, and water. Those were typically useful for good weather, favorable soil, that sort of thing. But these days, those elements are mostly obsolete."
Then, as if answering an unspoken question, he added, "As an Earthen, I believe you would only ever need to use blood."
He picked up the Swiss Army knife and pulled out a tiny blade with a sharp tip. Then he closed his eyes, and his aura turned purple.
Magic filled the room. It thickened the air like the heat of a hot, humid summer day. The kind that preceded an afternoon thunderstorm.
"Take my essence and bind it to the blood object." He repeated the chant five more times, and with each chant, his power grew.
When he finished and added the drop of blood to the orb, the thick, red liquid was sucked inside, and red flecks appeared with the green and blue. His magic faded away, and he opened his eyes. "Done."
I eyed the knife with confusion as he handed it to me.
Connor smiled, "Oh, right. I forgot to tell you about that. Others can't contract any diseases or infections. We also aren't fertile unless we want to be," he added.
"Vampires can have children?"
"Of all the things you could have asked, you picked that one?" He shook his head.
"Sorry." I grinned and then shrugged. "I thought vampires were undead."
He narrowed his eyes at my apology. "They are. But male vampires can only have children with a woman that's alive. The child would be half-vampire until the end of puberty. Then the child would turn."
"Is that the only way vampires are made?"
"No, people can be turned, but the vampire also has to want that to happen."
"Okay then," I said and took the knife.
It took only a few seconds for me to complete the spell, and I didn't even feel any magic, but the orb sucked up the blood and left a similar spattering of red spots within it. I eyed the orb. "Did that work? I didn't feel anything."
"You need to trust yourself. Because you're so powerful, you may not always feel your power." He moved closer. "Now, you get to wear mine."
He was careful not to catch my hair in the knot as he tied the cord around my neck, letting his fingers linger on my skin longer than necessary. Goosebumps broke out across my body and his aura changed from purple to pink.
"And you wear mine?" I asked, holding my charm up.
He nodded and I took my time tying mine around his neck while his aura darkened a few shades.
Something whispered to me again and I said, "I want to try something. Do you mind?"
"What do you want to try?"
"It's a secret," I grinned.
Narrowing his eyes at me, he nodded.
My hands reached out and held his. Then I closed my eyes, willing some of my magic into him. The hair on the back of my neck rose and his hands warmed.
When the magic fell away, I opened my eyes and noticed his were dilated for a moment before returning to normal. And his aura was white. "I wanted to see if I could replenish your power."
"Uh, yeah," he smiled, "I think you did."
I tilted my head to the side. "Why is your aura white? What does it mean?"
"Purity, power, and hope. It's basically the opposite of black. It's because you gave me some of your power." His aura faded to pink and orange. "You didn't have to do that," he breathed.
"I wanted to," I said and touched his cheek. "I'm glad it worked."
"You are amazing—" Connor began, but I cut him off. 
One second I was sitting on the couch, and the next, I straddled him again. 
I didn't know I could move that fast.
But I couldn't think about that.
I kissed him with the fever I burned for days. Since our first kiss. In that same spot. That same position. I was boiling over with it. And he responded without hesitation, wrapping his arms around me.
My skin was on fire, the fever rising to epic proportions as Connor deepened the kiss. I pulled at the back of his neck, desperate for more. When that offered no relief, I clawed at his back, pulling him closer. I cried out into his mouth when I ground against him. His heated, hard length sent shivers down my spine.
His hands went to my hips and assisted my movement, increasing the delicious friction between us and he groaned, low in his chest, as another cry tore out of me.
He froze and broke away. "No." He shook his head and his hands moved up to my shoulders and pushed me back. He stared at me while I panted. I struggled against the restraints of his arms, but he was too strong.
"Calm down, honey," he said. "Just breathe."
I was breathing. And his mouth wasn't on mine.
"Are you alright?"
No. I wasn't.
But he wasn't going to let me kiss him again. I wriggled my hips and gasped from the sensation.
He groaned and his eyes slid closed for a moment. "Stop doing that or I'll move you off me," he warned.
My mind returned and my confusion deepened. "Don't you want me?"
His eyes widened. "What kind of a question is that? Of course I want you. I always want you."
"Then what's the problem?"
"It's too fast, Aisling. You've never...," he trailed off.
"I've never had sex?"
"I wouldn't call it that."
"Let's see, go for a romp, do the nasty, shake the sheets, hippidy dippity, bump uglies, nookie, fuck, bang, shag, bone...," I tilted my head to the side, "pork?"
In his distraction from laughing so hard, his head fell back into the couch and his arms relaxed.
I lunged, splaying my hands on the sides of his neck, and captured his Adam's apple in my mouth. His laugh cut off. His aura blazed with red and his arms encircled me. It was all I could do to keep from grinding against him again.
But he did it for me, and I moaned from the sensation. He leaned his head back farther, giving me more access. His throat rumbled under my tongue while a groan escaped from him in response. Then he stopped and pushed me back again.
"Dammit," I sighed in frustration.
He chuckled breathlessly and shook his head as if to clear it. "Seriously, Aisling," his lips twitched. "I'm not sure I want to know where you learned all those euphemisms, but I'd call it making love. It's what you should have your first time. What you're after right now is far from that."
"So make love to me."
"No."
I growled, anger washing over me in a rush. "I'm twenty-one, Connor. You're twenty-six? Twenty-five?"
"Twenty-five."
"We're both consenting adults. Shouldn't I be able to decide for myself what I want and how I want it for my first time? It's what you told me."
"That's not what I meant. I was talking about touching you, not making love." He sighed, "Dammit, Aisling. It is your choice, but we can't rush into it like that. It wouldn't be right."
"Okay, touch me then."
He shook his head. "No."
"Well, what can we do, then?" I asked.
"Very little. At least for a little while. You barely know me."
"That's not my fault. You evade, Connor. I barely know you because you won't tell me where you come from, why you became a witch, what you did to learn it all. I know almost nothing about you. But that's not my fault. I still want you."
He chuckled. "Alright, I'll tell you about me, but you've got to calm down and stop trying to attack me. Why are you so angry?"
"Because you're driving me crazy," I said in a rush. "God, Connor, but I want you. I want you so bad, I can't stand it." God help me, but I'm in love with you, too. "I can't believe I have to argue my virginity with you." I sighed. "If I was anyone else, would this be a problem?"
He watched me for a long moment and just as I was about to say something, his aura shifted to green and gray. Then he shook his head once.
I froze.
Considering everything he did for me, since the beginning, I realized what was happening. He took care of me. He put up with my crying. Listened to me. And he was a perfect gentleman.
Even though he knew how much I wanted him, he wouldn't allow us to move beyond a limited amount of kissing and physical contact, when other men would jump feet first into bed without thinking twice. To add insult to injury, I was begging him for it.
There was only one explanation for his actions.
I was Earthen. Important. And he could tell from my aura how I felt about him. Maybe not to the full extent, but he knew enough. He lied to me about everything, just to keep me safe. And keep me from pulling away.
I didn't mean anything to him.
Connor was right about one thing, I shouldn't have trusted him.
I thought losing my grandmother was hard. It didn't compare to the pain of having my heart ripped out of my chest and crushed with that one, simple, wordless gesture.
My eyes burned and filled with tears as my anger fell away and sadness replaced it. "That isn't fair, Connor," I breathed. I didn't want to smell him. Didn't want to touch him. 
I wanted to be alone.
As I made it halfway off his lap, he caught my arms and held me in place. "Jesus, Aisling, stop," he said, low.
Massive tears fell from my eyes. I couldn't look at him. And it took every last bit of my willpower to breathe. I tried to pull away, but shackles would've had more give than his hands. So, I did the only thing I could. 
I cowered.
"I lied, alright?" his voice was commanding while his aura surged with dark blue and gray. "It wouldn't matter who you were, because the feeling would be the same." He grabbed my wrist and pressed my palm against the front of his jeans so I could feel him.
I flinched, "No."
"That is real, Aisling," he said and moved my hand to his chest, right over his heart. "This is real."
More tears fell from my eyes, but I pulled in air.
What?
He moved his hands from my arms to my face, wiping away the tears. "Everything that has happened, everything I have done, has been real. I didn't want to rush because then you'd see how much I care."
He waited for me to respond, but I couldn't speak. I didn't know if I would sob or if I'd do something stupid. Like tell him I loved him.
"Don't you see?" He sighed, "You are dangerous, Aisling. You are dangerous because I'm in love with you."
Coherent thoughts evaded me as the blood drained from my face. A grim chuckle escaped me and I looked up at him. My fingers moved a fraction over his chest. "Can you repeat that? I think I'm hallucinating."
He smiled, "I love you, Aisling."
My mind whirled and I let his words sink in. Then I breathed, "I think I loved you before I met you."
Chapter 26



When I told Connor I loved him, I wasn't sure what I expected. An argument over how illogical it was, perhaps. Anything. But instead, he wiped away my last remaining tears.
The unadulterated joy on his face seemed to light him from within at the same time his aura engulfed with red, like a perfect explosion of flame. "You have no idea how happy I am to hear you say that." He pulled me toward him and his mouth covered mine in the next instant with a gentle, yet feverish kiss.
A few moments later, I broke away from his lips, breathless, and reached down to pull at the hem of his shirt. My mind refused to operate on all cylinders, but I knew what I wanted.
"What are you doing?" he asked.
I grinned, "What does it look like I'm doing?" I pulled off his shirt and ran my hands over his warm flesh. "Your skin feels like velvet," I said and leaned down to kiss his chest, where my hand rested a few moments before. 
His warm hand touched the back of my neck, holding me there and he leaned back to give me more access, so I licked and kissed around every inch of skin I could reach. Pleasure pulsed through me when he groaned.
I trembled when he slid his hands under my shirt, running his fingers along my sides with a feather-light touch.
After a few more agonizing moments, I pulled back and let him pull off my shirt.
"God, Aisling, you are so beautiful," he said as his eyes traveled down my body.
"So are you," I said and kissed him again, with more fervor. I pulled away and breathed, "I want you, Connor."
"I was just about to say that," he smiled.
I reached back and unhooked the clasp on my bra and his eyes widened as I let it fall away. He swallowed and his hands twitched at my sides. "Touch me," I whispered and brought his hands to my breasts, "please."
His thumbs caressed my nipples, sending waves of pleasure through me and I gasped at the sensation.
Then I kissed him again, hard. 
God, but he tasted good. Like heaven.
The feel of his hands on me was like nothing I ever imagined. After a few moments, I pulled away and stood up.
"Are you sure?"
I breathed, "Oh, yes."
He leaned forward and kissed my belly while his hands took their time unbuttoning my jeans. He dragged the zipper down with agonizing slowness.
I felt like I was going to explode. "Please, Connor," I begged. He pushed my jeans over my hips and continued the slow and tortuous descent down my legs, letting his fingers graze my skin as he went.
As his mouth reached my hip, he bit me with enough pressure to surprise me, and I cried out. My knees threatened to buckle from the sensation, forcing me to grip his shoulders.
Expert hands squeezed my ass and he kissed his way around to my other hip. "I really like your underwear," he breathed against my skin, sending shivers over my body.
"Dammit, Connor, stop that," I panted. His torment would make me come long before we could do anything.
"You're doing fine," he chuckled. "Just breathe." He bit me on the other hip and I cried out as his arms stiffened to keep me steady.
God, but it felt so good. 
"Connor," I begged. It was a prayer.
"Just breathe, Aisling."
I did.
His hands moved to my breasts again, and kneaded them, rubbing my hardened nipples between his fingers. It sent shockwaves through me.
Without taking his eyes off me, he stood, letting me watch the movement.
Feeling like exploding, I reached the button of his jeans. I fumbled with it for a moment before he smirked and his hands moved to unbutton them. I licked my lips and he smiled in response.
Not bothering to take my time, I unzipped his pants and pushed them past his waist, my eyes widening at the view. He was commando.... And he was big. Long and deliciously thick. My mouth watered.
"Just go slow," he breathed as I closed my fist around him. His skin felt even softer in my grip, like silk stretched over iron. His head fell back as I moved, his skin sliding smoothly up and down. I stretched up on my toes and closed my mouth over his Adam's apple. He moaned, low and throaty and then I pushed him back on the couch.
He snaked his fingers into the waistband of my panties and pushed them down, keeping his eyes locked on mine. When he finished, he sat back and raked his gaze over me. He breathed, "Amazing."
I stepped forward.
"We don't have to do it this way," he said.
I shook my head. I wanted it that way. Wanted it since we shared our first kiss. I wanted to feel him inside me while I came. I told him so.
Crawling up on the couch, I made it halfway before his arms reached out to stop me. I whimpered, "Please, Connor."
"You're not ready yet," he said and watched me as he slipped his fingers inside.
"Oh god," I moaned.
"You're so wet," he breathed and circled my clitoris. I shuddered and arched my back to increase the friction against his fingers. "Just breathe, Aisling," he whispered, watching every expression on my face.
It felt amazing, the way his fingers moved. He knew exactly how to touch me. With his free hand, he caught my breast and worried the sensitive nipple under his fingers and then moved to the other one.
My breathing increased to dangerous levels and I gasped, "Please." I felt like I would come any second.
His fingers stopped moving. "Are you ready?"
I wanted to cry out, Oh, my god, yes! but I was afraid it would push me over the edge, so I nodded and bit my lip. His hands pulled away and I focused on my breathing before I moved to let him enter me.
When I was ready, I moved closer and he hissed, "Take it slow," as I began to lower myself down. As I followed his instructions, he closed his eyes in response as he tried to keep still. "Let yourself stretch out. That's right," he groaned, biting his lip.
Watching him bite his lip set me to burn. I leaned in and kissed him, hard. When he was sheathed all the way to the hilt, he broke away, grabbed my hips, and hissed, "Holy shit, Aisling."
I couldn't talk. I couldn't manage such a feat. But his words mirrored my thoughts. It felt right, being with him. We fit together, like we were made for each other.
A few moments later, he said, "Move however you want. This is your show." His hands went to my breasts, massaging them, teasing my nipples with his fingers, sending pulses of pleasure downward with impeccable timing.
I ground against him, the dual sensation of him inside me and the friction made me moan breathlessly. Then I started moving, the delightful rhythm burned me hotter.
Wanting his mouth on mine like it was my last breath, I pulled him up and he wrapped his arms around me, meeting my kiss with an insatiable need. 
God, I never wanted to stop kissing him.
The friction increased to staggering proportions and I kept moving while I kissed him like I'd die without it.
Because I would.
My speed doubled, and I rocked against him harder as his thrusts sped up to match it. His hands gripped my hips to help increase our contact while our movements became more frantic and heated.
I tore away from his mouth and wrapped my arms around his shoulders as I felt the wave coming for me while his arms worked to keep up the rhythm. "Oh, god, please," I cried.
"That's it," he hissed, and with one more thrust, I crashed around him and came, hard.
Lights exploded across my vision, while his aura burned hot with a molten fire that was only for me. I forced myself to keep moving, feeling the urgency of his breathing. I matched his thrusts and felt another wave coming like a freight train.
Just as I went over the edge for the second time, screaming out his name, Connor's aura exploded with red and white as he followed with his own release.
As the aftershocks subsided, my heart slowed from dangerous speeds to a more reasonable level. Smiling down at him, my curiosity won. I breathed, "Did I do okay?"
He laughed, breathlessly and said, "Are you kidding? I haven't felt anything that good before in my life."
Blushing at his compliment, I moved to the side and snuggled against him. His strong arm wrapped around me and squeezed. "Wow," he whispered. I didn't need to see the purple in his aura to know that an expression of contentment was on his face.
I smiled and asked, "Will you tell me about your life?"
"What do you want to know?"
"Everything."
Connor chuckled, "That might take a while."
"I'm comfortable," I said and kissed his chest.
His aura shifted to pink. "If you keep doing that I'll never get around to telling you anything."
"You'd be able to go again so quickly? But I thought...," I trailed off.
"Let me guess, you've heard that guys can't go again immediately after an orgasm?"
I nodded, embarrassed.
"Sorry, love, I'm not like that. Some humans aren't either, but they're rare. Witches and other supernaturals aren't limited like that, that's why people tend to portray the mainstream version of vampires and witches as being so promiscuous. Because, in a way, we are. Or at least we can be. We can go as often as we want until we deplete our energy. And we have more power reserves than humans. I've still got plenty of energy. Even if I wasn't a witch, I wouldn't just roll over and go to sleep, I'd still want you just as much as I do now."
It made sense that witches didn't operate under the same physiological limitations of humans. Witches needed the strength and stamina to use magic. Wielding it was all at a cost of energy and power.
"Let me get this straight," I said as I trailed my fingernail across his chest. He shivered and caught my hand. I grinned. "Is it the magic that lets you continue when humans can't?"
"Sort of," he replied, caressing my arm. "The magic in our bodies gives us more energy than we would have as humans, so we can handle the magic in us. It means we can regenerate faster than humans. Eventually, we could get physically tired. I'm interested to see how long we can last before that happens." Red spiked into his aura.
Heat flashed through me and I smiled. I noticed that I could walk all over town every day, run in the park, and still not feel a physical drain. I didn't think anything of it. "I'm curious about something."
"What's that?"
"Do you know why Zoe's spell didn't hold?"
"Yeah, I do," Connor replied. "I just didn't want to tell you and end up scaring you away. I knew you wanted me. And I knew you cared for me, but I had no idea how you really felt. Spells like that, first of all, take a massive amount of energy to complete. In Zoe's case, she had enough magic. But it was me that was broken."
I lifted my head and looked at him, "What do you mean?"
"I was already in love with you. For a spell like that to work, the victim's heart can't be taken. You can't steal someone's heart if it's not there to be stolen. I think the reason why Zoe's spell packed so much of a punch to make me into a zombie was because she'd already suspected that something serious was going on between us." He shrugged. "Or maybe she was just that paranoid I hated her."
"You're saying the only reason you escaped the spell was because you loved me?" Maybe love could conquer all.
"Yeah, if you hadn't kissed me to bring my mind back, it would have taken me much longer to break free."
My hand touched his cheek and I kissed him. "I'm glad I was able to save you," I said, and then laid my head back down.
"So what do you want to know about my past?"
"Why don't you start when you became a witch," I said.
"Let's see," Connor began. "I was fourteen and full of the usual teen angst. I was rebelling at school and at home, hanging out in strange places at night. One night, I walked through a cemetery and stumbled upon a couple of witches chanting. I didn't know what they were doing, but I hid behind a tombstone to watch. I could feel their power in the air, and it felt like static electricity.
"One of them noticed me and called me over. They asked me questions about who I was and such, then asked if I wanted to be like them. I said yes. The idea of becoming something more excited me. The problem was that they were dark and they wanted me to turn so they could take my power."
"I'm sorry," I said. Though my shift into the supernatural world wasn't as treacherous, I could empathize with the gravity of the situation and the horror he felt, turning to find he was stuck in a world full of danger and adversity.
Connor squeezed my shoulder, "It's fine. I obviously survived." Then he went on, "I bound myself to the moon, by their instruction, and when I finished, they grabbed me. I still don't know how I did it, but a bright white light erupted from my chest and threw them backward, severing their connection to me."
With a shrug, he continued, "I ran and never saw them again. Later, I didn't know what to do, so I thought maybe the library would have some books on the subject, just like you did. When I arrived, I asked the librarian for the location of witch lore books that I could read through because I didn't know how to use the card catalog." He chuckled at the memory.
"The old woman knew me for what I was and asked me why I wanted to know. I told her it was for research, but she kept asking me pointed questions until I asked her, 'What do you know about it?' Then she smiled and showed me everything."
He shrugged. "Most witches have a mentor, but I had no one. She explained what I was, the world I didn't know about, and all the dangers that waited for me. She told me about the elements."
"By teaching you the elements you mean like the flames or the blood?"
"Exactly. She told me how to design spells, based on the information she had in her vault, and that was when I started creating my own spells."
The old woman knew Connor for what he was, that he was clueless about the world he entered, and his place in it. She helped him. I didn't know if I'd ever meet that woman, but I'd be forever grateful for her kindness.
"How did she know you were a witch?" I remembered the little changes in Angela after she started working. With the new seat at George's Diner. The way she was more cautious. But I knew she couldn't see anyone who was other, because she never saw my aura.
"I'm not sure."
"Do you think we can make something for Angela?"
"I'm sure we can figure something out."
I nodded and kissed Connor's chest again. His aura darkened a little, but he didn't react.
"Anyway, after a few weeks, my parents caught me casting in my bedroom. They were strict and deeply religious, intolerant of anything different and they kicked me out. Disowned me."
"Oh, my god, Connor. I'm so sorry."
He squeezed my shoulders again, "It's alright. I left and went from place to place, working odd jobs and developed my magic. It wasn't bad. I got my GED and developed a spell to let me know where to invest money on what would be the most fruitful. I just don't think it's right to use magic selfishly. I started earning a living that way, investing some of the returns while keeping the rest to support myself. Then Shadow came along."
"That must have been incredibly lonely, to live like that," I said. "Traveling from place to place, never settling down, never having anyone, especially at such a young age."
"It was fine, actually. I had what I needed and I preferred the solitude. Shadow is more like a pet when he's around, so it didn't really change anything. Zoe was a little different. I helped her because she didn't know what she was doing. We kind of fell into a relationship, but I never felt a connection with her. Just that she was there. A convenience."
He shrugged. "Anyway, she always wanted to learn more, and she studied. She was fascinated with power and it frustrated her that she was limited. I think she would have eventually gone dark if she hadn't been attacked. She was too drawn to what the dark could do."
I understood then, how hard it was for Connor to trust me and how much he tried to deny his true feelings. Telling me he loved me left him exposed. Vulnerable. I sat up and touched his face. White and gray swirled in his aura as he watched me, his eyes searching mine.
Whether he cared for Zoe didn't matter. The depth of her betrayal hit him hard. And he hoped I wouldn't end up like her. He was afraid of getting hurt.
"I promise you, Connor, I will never do that to you."
He smiled and kissed me, hard, with a hunger that made me forget what we were talking about. Without breaking away from his heated kiss, he pushed me on my back and sent me spiraling in wave after wave of pleasure.
Chapter 27



The sex was mind-blowing. Explosive.
Seriously.
Never in my wildest dreams did I think it would feel that good. It made me forget all reason while we were together. I lost all shred of prudence. All hesitation. And existed only to hear his cries of pleasure. Just like he did for me.
Sometime after fifteen, I lost count of my orgasms, no longer caring. It wasn't until around dusk that Connor began to tire. Remembering what he said about his theory of energy stores, and my seemingly unlimited supply of magic, I repeated the transfer of power to see if it would revive him.
It did, and then some.
Sometime around midnight, sleepiness slowed us.
My bed seemed massive, even with Connor next to me. I tucked my shoulder under his and snuggled against him, preferring him over my pillow. And I slept better in his arms than I ever could on my own.
In my dreams, there was a man I never saw before. With pale skin and piercing green eyes that held an ageless quality to them, like centuries of life were packed behind their intense gaze, instead of the mere mid-thirties he appeared to be, he was unlike anyone I ever met before. Though I wasn't sure, I thought he wasn't human.
But it was the dream itself that caught my attention.
For humans, dreams were the mind's way of unwinding itself. I couldn't say the same about other witches, but after I transitioned and became Earthen, mine were sometimes dream-sight. The mysterious man I saw in my sleep wasn't a dream. I didn't know how I knew that. Deep down, I felt it.
I woke up as the sky began to lighten in the mid-November sky. I was shivering. But I wasn't cold. And it wasn't fear I felt, either. It was an anticipation that something was coming. Something big.
Strong arms tightened around me as if it were an attempt to warm me. Comfort me. Even in his sleep, Connor took care of me. I smiled into his chest, listening to his heartbeat, and those slow, steady breaths as he slept.
Crossing the line into intimacy scared him, because it would shatter his attempts at protecting himself. His ability to deny his feelings would vanish. If not for my intense and inaccurate reaction, I didn't know how long he planned to hide it. Hell, I wasn't sure I could hold mine back much longer as it was. I knew how he felt to let me in, how it would leave him open and vulnerable, but he did it anyway. Because I was hurting.
He made his confession, which prompted me to give mine.
Connor loved me.
And I loved him.
When it was time, I tried to ease him awake. I trailed gentle kisses up his chest, working my way toward his mouth. With each new kiss upon his skin, he roused. And by the time I reached his mouth, he was awake and kissed me back with a gentle slowness that burned me, low in my belly.
His arms tightened and he increased the intensity, opening his mouth to grant me access. I moaned into his mouth and then forced myself to pull away. He stuck out his bottom lip in a full pout.
Grinning at him, I said, low, "We need to get ready. It's almost noon."
"I slept that long?"
I nodded.

It was cold outside and the sun was blanketed behind thick clouds that threatened snow. We walked together and Connor shivered inside his open coat, burying the lower half of his face in his white and gray flannel scarf. The buttons on his shirt were open like always, revealing a little bit of skin beneath the reach of his scarf.
I wasn't ashamed when I stopped him, hooked my finger inside that small opening, and pulled him down to kiss me.
"Hmmm, you taste good," I purred, noticing the dark pink I caused in his aura.
"You have no idea what you do to me, Aisling," he growled.
I grinned and we started walking again. "You know," I mused. "You might be a little warmer if you button up your coat."
He grinned and light blue encroached on his aura. "I wouldn't look nearly as cool that way."
I laughed.
"But seriously, having it open gives me room to move around if I need to."
I remembered the long-form martial arts he did in my backyard. Having his coat buttoned would restrict his movements. "Do you get into fights often?" I asked and made a mental note to fix my grandmother's car, so he wouldn't need to bear the cold so much. Winters in Indiana could be harsh.
He chuckled again. "No. But it's good to be prepared if you need to defend yourself."
Why didn't I think of that? 
"Will you teach me?"
"Of course," he smiled and took my hand.
We walked through the double doors of the old library a few minutes later. The smell of old musty books filled my nose and my eyes traveled over the space. Familiar stocked bookcases lined the walls and created rows throughout the open area. Angela was standing near the desk while Ester tapped on her computer's keyboard.
"Aisling," Angela beamed and walked to me. A black scoop-neck t-shirt hung over the dark jeans that flared around her ankles, almost covering her feet. If not for my shirt being turquoise, we would have matched. When she reached me, she pulled me into a hug.
"Hi, Angela," I said with an uneasy laugh. "Nice to see you, too."
She turned to Connor and assessed him for a moment before hugging him, too. His look of surprise was priceless, but he returned the embrace with a smirk at me.
"Uh, hello there. How's your lawnmower?"
She pulled back and laughed. "Bugs is fine."
Something was up. Angela was never that perky. "What's wrong?" I asked.
Her smile faded and she turned to Ester at the counter. "Stay here. No smoke breaks until I get back. Understood?" Her voice was commanding and resounded with finality.
Ester opened her mouth to protest, but Angela raised an eyebrow, daring her to respond. Thinking better of it, Ester closed her mouth and nodded.
My best friend led us back to her office and closed the door behind us.
"Angela, what's wrong?" I asked again.
Once we were seated, she sighed, opened her bottom desk drawer, and pulled out a bottle of whiskey. She twisted off the cap and took a swig from the bottle. Slamming it down on the desk, she gasped as it burned down her throat.
My eyebrows shot through my hairline. "Better?" I asked.
Angela never drank. Her drink of choice was hot chocolate with whipped cream. Even in the summer. That was her alcohol.
She shook her head and coughed. "No."
"What is going on?"
"Where to begin?" she sighed.
"How about at the beginning?" Connor offered.
"Okay then," Angela said. "I looked up the Malleus Dei Maleficarum," she looked at Connor, "what you told me was correct. They've been around since Heinrich Kramer wrote the Malleus Maleficarum. But he wrote two books. The one he published and the other the MDM use as their guide. They've earned their reputation for their brutality and success rate." She took another gulp.
"According to the documentation," she continued, "they did hunt down and kill all the Earthen witches in the seventeenth century, all twelve of them, which then caused the panic and breakdown of the supernatural community. But there's no record of how they did it."
Something else was going on. She was putting it off.
"The MDM has several branches across the globe, and operate under their own sects. They're not exactly a community, though they have worked together at times in the past. There's at least one branch in each continent, some have several. Europe and North America have the most. There's one that operates out of Indianapolis, which handles the Eastern half of the Midwest." 
She sighed, downing another large mouthful of whiskey and wheezed, her eyes watering. "That one has gained some steam over the years, adopting some new practices that the other sects don't enjoy, or condone, but none of them have intervened." She took another drink and I began to wonder if I was hallucinating.
"The Indianapolis sect is recruiting supernaturals, mostly witches, to join them. Those that are discovered usually agree to join only to save their lives. They bind themselves to the leader, and he controls them—"
"Oh, Christ," Connor muttered and rubbed his forehead.
"They're essentially turning their souls over to him," Angela continued. "They turn dark if they weren't already, and they mete out whatever the leader asks of them — which is usually to take the power from their targets, including their essences.
"From what I could find, the leader believes he was sent on a mission from God to gather power for a higher purpose. As far as I know, the witches have yet to infuse him with that power because he claims he wants to remain anonymous to others while he's in preparation."
Angela picked up the bottle of whiskey and took another long pull. She exhaled in another wheeze and blinked several times in rapid succession as her eyes watered. Then, she leveled her eyes on me. "He's reported finding someone he believes is Earthen. Pure Earthen."
"Sonofabitch!" Connor said and shook his head.
Ice slid down my spine and I swallowed, "Are you saying—"
Angela cut me off with a wave of her hand. "Aisling, the leader is your step-father."
Chapter 28



I sunk in my chair, and buried my face in my hands, shaking my head. "No, this can't be happening."
Connor knelt down in front of me and put his hands on my shoulders, "Listen to me, Aisling. We'll figure out a way to beat him. We can beat him."
I dropped my hands in my lap and looked up at him with dry eyes. "How? How can we beat him? He's operating behind the supernatural hunters that killed the Earthens and he's got witches protecting him with the same magic he intends to take for himself. How on Earth can we beat that?"
Angela spoke again from behind him. "Connor, you might want to sit down."
He looked at me with confusion but did what she suggested.
"Earthen witches were extremely powerful. Twelve of them shared a collective source of energy fueled by their emotions. Their will. They commanded and protected all the supernaturals."
I nodded.
"Since they were killed, there have been traits of Earthen documented. You're the first that has shown all the signs."
She continued, "But that's not all, Aisling. You are the only one. The shared power of the twelve is probably inside you. Just you. That's why you're so powerful. I'm also willing to bet your emotions are extremely potent, too. They'd have to be in order to wield that much power."
She was right about my emotions, but I didn't comment on it.
"I believe you've only begun to scratch the surface of what you're capable of. If anyone can beat the MDM — even with a sociopath on some perverse holy quest leading them — it's you."
"So I need to learn how to use my magic and then beat them?" I asked.
As if it's that easy.
"Yes."
Connor leaned forward. "Did you happen to find out anything about how to access it?"
She shook her head. "But, I think your power is locked inside your emotions. We just need to figure out how to bring them out. Ever since we met, you've been very good at hiding your emotions, locking them down. We need to reverse that."
Anger washed over me. "How are we going to do that with an army of witches after me on top of random shooters? And why the fuck would my step-father send a Kramer Scholar?"
"First of all, I don't think he did," Angela said, raising a finger. "The first branch is in Germany. They call themselves Kramer Scholars, because Kramer was their first leader. The Scholars still follow his book to the letter, like a bible. He probably wanted to see for himself what was going on, then figured he'd take care of you while he was here."
"What do you think drew him here?" I asked.
"I'm not sure. Honestly, I believe the KS are nervous about Martin's army of witches and his mission," for emphasis, she used air quotes. "Whether or not they believe what he said about you is speculation." Then she looked at Connor, "I have an idea, but I don't think you're going to like it."
"What is it?" Connor asked.
Looking back at me, she replied, "There's someone nearby. Someone that might be able to help you with your power."
"Who is it?" I asked.
"His name is Liam. He's a vampire—"
"Christ," Connor muttered and shook his head. "No."
Angela fanned out her hands on her desk. "Just hear me out, okay?"
I reached over and squeezed Connor's hand, "I think we need to listen."
"You can't trust vampires," he said.
"If it makes any difference, Aisling, your mother and grandmother both trusted him and worked with him."
Connor leaned back in his chair, waited, and rubbed his chin with his free hand while an angry green swirled in his aura.
"Liam has been around a long time, and he knew several Earthens. He learned how they used their power." She waited and then added, "I mentioned before that there were Earthen traits in some witches, but they were never pure."
"What of it?" Connor asked.
"There has only been a small amount since the Earthens were killed. Some had a bit of emotional power. Some had sight. Some could draw others, feel compelled to help, despite the overwhelming danger...," Angela trailed off and kept her eyes on Connor.
"Wait, what?" Connor shook his head.
"You heard me. You are different. You've teamed up with a werewolf. You helped that witch that went a little nutty. And you're helping Aisling. I'm guessing there's probably more, I don't know," she shrugged.
I looked up at him. He was staring down at the back of Angela's desk, still looking confused. I said, "Yeah, there is."
His eyes flickered up to mine. "What?"
"When you bound yourself, you said those witches attacked you and something stopped them."
"What stopped them?" Angela blurted.
Connor replied, "A bright light knocked them out after they started draining me."
She nodded, "That's a defense mechanism that some of the Earthens had. The shield is actually one of the more rare traits," Angela said.
"If I'm pure Earthen, should I have that too?"
"Perhaps, and I know this is going to sound strange, but I think Connor was supposed to help you, that's why you don't have it. Fate is mentioned quite a bit in the lore."
It was Connor that spoke next. "Why didn't it happen when I was attacked later? Both Shadow and Jade had to save me."
"Were those attacks from witches?"
"No."
"Then it wouldn't have activated the shield. Haven't you ever wondered why your werewolf helped you? Or Jade?"
"Of course, but—" Connor began, but Angela waved her hand.
"Shadow was drawn to you and wanted to help you for a reason. He could probably sense the traits in you. It's rare to have so many."
"What about Gramma?"
"She was part Earthen too. So was your mom."
"What?" I gasped.
"That's why Liam is here. When he first heard of your grandmother, he was in Europe and came here with the hopes of finding her to be pure. She wasn't and neither was your mother, but he stayed hoping you would be."
"Why does he care about finding Earthen witches?" Connor asked.
"Liam knows what life was like back when your world was whole. And he wants to restore it."
Chapter 29



Connor looked uneasy, and I didn't blame him. We learned a lot. I couldn't wrap my head around everything.
First, there were witches with Earthen traits.
As the only pure Earthen, I was supposed to have all of them. But there was one key component I was missing for sure.
Connor possessed a defense mechanism called shield, which protected him from magical attacks meant to harm or kill him. Being at the wrong end of Zoe's wrath verified that shield was not included in my Earthen package.
According to Angela, my grandmother was gifted with a rare trait of precognition, and if she was right about fate, my grandmother knew how important Connor would be to my future. How much we'd need each other. How crucial he'd be to my survival.
Most witches with Earthen traits were gifted with one. Rare instances of witches could receive two, like my grandmother. Angela couldn't find any documented cases of witches with three or more traits. 
Aside from the shield, Connor helped others, and he also tended to draw them to him, like with Shadow. His traits were subtle, but they were there. That made him a rarity within the supernatural world.
I didn't think Connor's compulsion to find me was so simple, either. We were like magnets, and with every action, we were brought closer together. Coincidence? I didn't believe in coincidence anymore.
But that still left me with one big problem.
Not only was my step-father the leader of the local sect of Malleus Dei Maleficarum, but an army was at his disposal. In the state I was in, I knew my magic wouldn't be enough to fight them. The only way I could match up to them would be to figure out how to access my power. Completely. And soon.
There was only one way that was going to happen.
I glanced down at the card Angela gave me, the address, 482 Orchard Road was written on it. "I think we should go see Liam."
"I don't know, Aisling," Connor sighed. "I know there's a chance this Liam guy could help you beat the MDM, but vampires are ... different."
"What do you mean? Is it the blood?"
"No, but they like to play the long game."
"What's a long game?"
"It's a con. They take their time, lure someone in for whatever reason, and get them right where they want them. Because they're immortal, sometimes they'll wait months, sometimes years to get what they're after. They're very, very patient."
"Why do you think Liam might do that? He did help my mother and grandmother."
"Maybe he's waiting for an Earthen to reunite everything. Maybe he's more like your step-father and will want that power for his own."
"Vampires can be witches too?"
He shrugged. "It's possible. They don't take kindly to vampire witches, and they don't survive long. But a vampire with the power of an Earthen...," he trailed off.
Okay, so that was more than a little disturbing. "Well, even if that's what he might be after, I think we still need to go. He knew my mother and grandmother, so he's going to want to check me out at some point. We definitely can't avoid him forever. I have to learn how to use my power, Connor."
"I can teach you. I've been teaching you."
"How long do you think that would take? We don't even know how to access it."
"I don't know," Connor said and stopped walking to face me. "Listen, if you want to go, we'll go. I'll always follow you, Aisling. But I won't trust him."
"That's what I'm counting on."

When we arrived at 482 Orchard Road, the street was empty, save for a few bits of trash that skipped over the pavement like dirty tumbleweeds. The street was barren except for an old Victorian that sat at the end. It was boarded up, and it looked like it was abandoned and forgotten long ago.
When we were about twenty yards away, I felt the sudden urge to turn around and go back the way I came. Connor grabbed my hand, pulled me with him, and spoke in a low voice. "It's spelled to repel everything from entering."
"Everything?"
"Most likely," he whispered. "Stay close to me at all times and let me do the talking. Keep your guard up and don't be afraid to use the knife."
Vampires were only killed by decapitation, and that was damn hard to do. Stakes to the heart wouldn't do anything but piss them off. And they could heal within seconds. Other than my magic, a knife was my last defense.
Connor couldn't use magic like I could, which left him vulnerable.
I put my hand in my pocket, touched the cold weapon, and nodded. Then we stepped up on the wrap-around porch.
The door swung open an instant later, and I winced from the sudden light that came streaming out at us.
A man stood in the doorway. And he was massive. His neck was almost as big as his head and he bent down so he wouldn't hit the frame. He looked to be about seven-feet-tall and his bulky body reminded me of a football linebacker.
God, but he was huge.
I gulped. Vampires alone were intimidating, but that man, if he was a vampire, would be the one I needed to watch out for.
"Witches," he said in greeting with a deep voice that rumbled in his barreled chest. He was silhouetted in light and I couldn't make out his features. It did nothing but make him appear more foreboding and dangerous.
Connor told me since vampires were undead, they didn't emit an aura. But they could see them. And except for fangs, drinking blood, and their speed, the best way to tell a vampire for what they were was through their eyes.
The glow in their eyes was similar to a cat's eyes if the light hit them the right way, he explained.
The massive man assessed us and his eyes flashed for a moment before returning to normal.
Oh, yeah, he was a vampire.
I shivered.
Connor's aura was an intense gray, and I would bet all my money that mine mirrored his.
"Do not be afraid. Come," the vampire said and stepped aside, holding his arm out for us to enter.
Connor squeezed my hand and we stepped inside.
If the interior of the home was any indication of the exterior, I would have said we just entered a new dimension.
Crystal chandeliers and sconces lit the massive foyer and gold-gilded mahogany floors gleamed against the sparkling light. Across from us by the staircase, an elaborate painting of Vlad Tepes, or Dracula, hung on the wall.
The massive man to our left closed the door. He wore a formal tuxedo that looked like it cost a small fortune. Despite his kind face, rounded features, and dark hazel eyes, I didn't relax.
"Follow me, please," Linebacker said and walked ahead of us, making no noise with his expensive, shiny shoes. We followed him to the back of the house and stepped through a wide doorway.
The massive room was lined with ornate paintings and a fire blazed and crackled in the hearth at the end of the room. I didn't recall noticing any smoke coming out of the crumbling chimney outside while we walked toward the house.
About eight people milled about the room, their formalwear looked as expensive as Linebacker's and they each carried fine crystal goblets filled with red liquid.
A massive Persian rug lined the floor in front of the fireplace, and there were big King Louis XIV wing chairs upholstered in plush red velvet arranged in small groupings for conversation, but no one sat in them. 
Except for one man.
He sat to the left of the fireplace and faced the room. He wore an expensive suit, but with one distinct difference. While everyone else was dressed to perfection, an open crimson tie hung around his neck. A wide-mouth glass was cradled between two fingers and rested against his palm. I recognized the thick red liquid as blood as he swirled it in the glass before he took a drink, watching me with an unwavering gaze.
All the blood rushed from my face as I realized it was the same man that haunted my dream. His trimmed beard and dark blond hair were manicured and not a strand stood out of place. His hair looked like it was bleached a little by the sun. And it was cut into one of those hairstyles that could look professional and commanding, but wouldn't look out of place if he went surfing. 
But those green eyes were unmistakable.
He was lean and muscled. The sharp planes of his face looked like they were chiseled from a pale stone. His eyes flashed and he took another drink of the red liquid. Then he smiled.
"Aisling!" he crooned from his chair, smiling at me. "Leave us!" he barked to the other occupants in the room without taking his eyes off mine. His accent wasn't one I could place. It sounded European, but not quite. It seemed ... older, almost ancient, yet familiar at the same time.
The people in the room filed out without a sound, with Linebacker following last. I heard a pair of pocket doors close behind us a moment later. I sighed, and more adrenaline pumped through my system.
Here we go.
"My name is Liam. It is a pleasure to meet you." For the first time since we entered the room, Liam's gaze flickered to Connor. "And you are?"
"Connor," he replied and the muscles in his jaw worked.
"Ah, yes, I have heard of you. It is nice to finally make your acquaintance."
"What can you tell us about Earthen witches?" Connor barked. I squeezed his hand as fear and anger rolled off him in a sickly gray and green aura. I didn't think he liked the fact that the vampire knew who he was.
"Oh, he is a feisty one, is he not?" Liam said, looking back to me, smiling as if he told a funny joke.
"Just answer the question," Connor said.
Liam clucked his tongue and shook his head. "Manners, boy," he said in a pleasant tone, but I sensed the venom behind his voice. The last thing we needed was a pissed-off vampire.
"Please," I said and Connor turned to glare at me. I squeezed his hand again. "We were sent here for information on Earthen witches. We were told you could help."
"Were you, now?" Liam asked, smiling again.
I nodded while Connor's jaw clenched.
"Angela did call me this evening to let me know you might visit me. She is a lovely one, is she not? She did not tell me how exquisite you are, my dear Aisling."
"Watch it, vampire," Connor growled.
Liam's smile widened. It seemed as though he did that on purpose. "My apologies, boy. I did not realize she was ... already taken." He inhaled, nostrils flaring.
Did he just smell me?
Liam continued, "Not entirely."
"What's that supposed to mean?" I asked.
"Oh, nothing," he sighed and waved his hand, dismissing that line of questions. "I knew your mother, Mary, and your grandmother, Jade. Magnificent women, were they not?"
Swallowing, I replied, "Yes, they were."
"They had traits of Earthen, yet not pure, just like Mister Jennings has traits, does he not?" Liam looked at Connor.
More gray entered his aura.
His name was Connor Jennings. I smiled inwardly.
"Worry not, boy. It is my business to know all who possess traits. You, my dear Aisling," he said, looking back to me, "are pure. I have been waiting for you for over three hundred years."
"Can you help me?"
"Indeed I can," he nodded and it reminded me of a respectful bow. "Angela told you I knew and personally protected four of the Earthen during my tenure as guard?"
"Not in so much detail, but yes."
"I am well versed in their ways."
"That's what we came to find out," I nodded.
"Did Angela tell you I made it my business to also protect your family?"
"No."
"They were dear friends," he mused. "Your mother cast the very spell you no doubt felt and saw outside. A very powerful repellent and glamour, indeed. She designed it to last even after her death," he said with pride.
My mother did that? She must have packed a massive amount of energy in that spell for it to still be so potent after a decade.
Liam took a sip of blood and went on, "I know of your problem. You seek to stop the Malleus, do you not?"
"Yes."
"Then you must listen to me and understand I will help you, as I intended to help your mother. I underestimated the Malleus once. I will not make the same mistake again."
"What happened?" I asked.
"She came to me when she realized someone close to her learned her secret."
Martin.
"I agreed to help but did not know his position with them. I believed it would take more time for them to investigate." He shook his head with guilt written across his features. "She was dead two days later."
Anger crept into his voice, "Yes, indeed, your step-father was the murderer. He cut her brake lines under the shadow of a cloaking spell, so she would not see his crime. I but learned this later, of course."
"Was my grandmother killed by them too?"
"No, my dear Aisling. She went willingly to ensure your powers were pure. That was the only way once they began to manifest."
My eyebrows shot up. "Why did she have to do that?"
"The Earthen traits needed to be passed along to you, my dear Aisling. That could not happen while she lived."
Gramma sacrificed herself so that I could be Earthen. That woman was selfless to the bitter end.
She didn't even say goodbye.
My eyes burned as tears threatened. Connor squeezed my hand and his thumb caressed across my knuckles in a soothing gesture.
He wouldn't offer any other comfort in front of Liam.
"Oh, Aisling," Liam crooned. "Do not lament her passing. She did it for you."
I breathed and waited for the surge of grief to pass. When I felt in control again, I said, "I know."
"You have come to learn the full extent of your power, have you not?"
"Yes," I said.
Liam flew out of his chair with his glass sitting on the arm of his throne, like it sat there the whole time.
With the surge of adrenaline that flashed in me faster than Liam moved, my hands raised, magic rolling off me as I held him away with an invisible wall of magic, inches from my outstretched fingers.
Connor's gray aura burned and flickered with orange as he watched with amazement.
Liam smiled and flew to Connor, twisting him around to face me. With one hand on his shoulder, he held him in place. The other wrapped around his neck, poised to snap it and end his life.
My hackles rose and more magic rolled off me, thickening the air in the room, holding Liam in place.
You do not threaten Connor.
One by one, my magic broke each long, pale finger that held him. The bones snapped in quick succession, pulling him away from my lover's body bit by bit.
Liam's hands resembled an opened can of sardines, rolled back in the wrong direction with bits of bone breaking through the skin of his fingers, palms, and wrists.
Then I broke his forearms so he'd be further away from Connor.
"Get away from him," I growled and hurled the vampire backward into a painting that appeared to be a Picasso, but I never saw it before.
The painting broke and fell to the floor as plaster erupted around him. By the time he hit the floor in a heap, his broken bones and skin were healed.
Linebacker rushed into the room, shoving the pocket doors aside, and I tried to block him from entering with my power.
"Stop!" Liam bellowed. "Get out, Jon," he said in a lower voice.
The linebacker, Jon, backed away and closed the doors behind him.
Connor didn't speak, but his aura was still a mixture of gray and orange. His eyes were wide as he looked from me to Liam.
I kept my hands up, holding Liam on the floor with my magic.
"Please, Aisling, relax. I meant neither you nor Mister Jennings any harm. I merely wanted to show you how to access your power."
"What?" I said through gritted teeth as I struggled to keep him on the floor with my power.
"You are Earthen, and Earthens access their power through emotion and will. It is also very useful in battle. Earthen witches are extremely fast, just as you have illustrated so colorfully. I must say your reaction was both swift and ... brutal. You could have killed me at any time. You did not."
"Why did you do it when I could have killed you?" I was growing weaker, my hands and arms shook from the exertion of trying to hold my magic in place.
"Because you are Earthen, which is neither light nor dark. And pure Earthens do not take a life unless given no choice."
I didn't understand what he meant about light and dark, because witches were defined that way, but the rest of his words rang true. After all, the charm around my neck never lit up while Liam held Connor in his grip.
"Your control is growing thin, is it not?"
I didn't want to admit it, but he was right.
"The threat is low. Danger is averted. Your magic is lessening. If you were to drop it now, and I attack again, you would have full power yet again."
I didn't know if that was true, but my power faded and I dropped my arms, breathless from the exertion. Liam stood and straightened himself.
Connor's fear still overpowered his aura, but he started to relax. Then he stepped closer to me.
"Let me show you," Liam said rushing in front of me again.
My hands flew back up before he moved within three feet of us. He hit my wall of magic at an odd angle and bounced off. He fell back into his red velvet throne and the glass of blood spilled over him.
He settled into his chair and crossed his leg as if nothing happened.
"See?" he smiled.
Chapter 30



Liam sat there, looking at ease, without a care in the world, while blood soaked into his expensive suit. He watched me, waiting, with a smile on his face.
"That is merely a reaction to stimuli, Aisling," he said, as if I didn't break every bone from his fingertips to beneath his elbows, shove him into a wall — almost through it — and then knock him back into his chair.
"When you are in danger," he went on, "you react instinctively to protect yourself, and anyone you care about. I must say, my dear, your method of removing me from Mister Jennings's neck was quite creative. Tell me, did you do that on purpose, peeling me away, or was it purely a reflex?"
That was a good question. I knew I didn't want to kill him, but I also knew I could. "I don't really know. I just know I wanted you away from him."
"That, my dear Aisling, is why you have much to learn. There are reactions to threats, like you just proved you can handle. You are more than capable of utilizing your reactionary magic even with the speed of a vampire with which to contend. But the key to unlocking your magic is by knowing exactly what you want, and letting it happen, not simply letting your magic do it for you."
"If I can react like this, why couldn't I protect myself when a dark witch tried to kill me?"
"You are missing a tiny piece of the puzzle. A piece, it seems, Mister Jennings possesses." I opened my mouth to speak but Liam said, "Angela told me what happened."
"Do you know why?"
"Indeed I do, my dear."
"Would you care to share it?" I asked, raising an eyebrow.
God, but Liam liked to beat around the bush.
"If I must," he sighed, "it is not important to accessing your magic." He leveled his gaze on me, "You are mates, Aisling. You were supposed to be saved by him," his eyes flickered to Connor and back to me.
"What does that mean?" Connor asked.
Liam laughed, threw his head back in guffaws. He even slapped his knee in delight. For a vampire who was older than I dared to guess, he seemed oddly human. He dabbed at his eyes as his laughter trailed to a long, "Ahhh."
"Oh, my dear boy, you still have much to learn, it seems." The humor left his expression and he continued. "Mating is a permanent bond between two essences that were matched before they were created. Two essences that were meant to find each other, and need each other. Though you two have not yet bound yourselves together, the connection remains the same."
"Why have I not heard of this in all the research I've done over the years?" Connor asked.
"Have you never heard stories of werewolves taking on a permanent mate in human lore? It is much the same for all supernaturals. But they stopped for the very same reason our entire world is in ruin."
"The extinction of Earthen witches?" I asked.
"Yes, my dear. Distrust and fear prevent such intimate connections. The act of taking on a permanent mate in the face of so much adversity is why those rituals have fallen away from lore. Only those that lived during the time know the rituals. You are not required to complete the ritual, of course, but nature has set you both on a path toward each other and that pull will never fade."
I glanced at Connor. Was Liam suggesting we were the definition of soul mates? I thought there was truth behind Angela's words, but I never pondered how deep it went. But, it made perfect sense. "Did my grandmother say anything else to you about me?"
"Ah, my dear, if you are wondering if she knew about Mister Jennings, she did. Shortly before he unceremoniously stumbled into her sacred space, she saw what needed to be done."
How can I ever fill shoes like that?
She put a lot of thought into those moments with Connor. She knew, even then, over two years before, that she'd need to die to give our world what it needed. Me. And she didn't skip a beat. She set him in motion and knew he would find his way in the dark. Knew we would find each other. If that wasn't a definition of a long game, I didn't know what was.
My grandmother gave up her life, and I couldn't turn away from it. I needed to learn how to access my magic. Learn to harness it. Live up to the person I needed to be. The person she died for.
She died so that I would live this life and I owed it to her to learn it. Because to her, I was worth the price. I needed to protect myself first, so I could protect others.
I steeled my shoulders. "How do I learn to use my magic?"
Liam smiled, "Emotion is the key."
Chapter 31



Walking us through his massive and lavish home toward a big copper door, Liam carried an air of authority around him that left no room to question his status in the house. His nest. Symbols I didn't recognize were welded into that door, and I could feel the magic they emitted. See the faint white glow around them.
"What are those?" I asked.
"This is the door that leads to the underground portion of the house. The wards on it prevent intruders from entering."
"No, they don't," Connor shook his head.
Liam laughed, "Excellent, I was wondering if you knew them."
"Care to share with me, guys?" I asked, my gaze flickering back and forth between them before rolling in mild annoyance.
"Those are runes. I don't know exactly what they're for, but they're bound in blood to the witch who activated it. Right?" Connor said.
Liam turned to us and grinned. "But of course," he drawled.
The way he said those three words, the way his accent highlighted them, made me wonder exactly where he was from, who he knew, and what he saw.
I didn't know if I'd ever trust him or call him a friend, but it was hard to hate him.
"The runes, they're blessings of some kind," Connor said.
"Correct again, boy. Can you tell me what they are?" Liam asked and stepped aside to let Connor look closer.
He ran his fingers across the rune in front of us, the newest one in the middle of the door. It was a circle crossed vertically through the center. The left side was a sun, with little rays jutting out the sides. The right was a crescent moon with a hazy burn mark around it, which represented the bluish glow that surrounded the moon at night. Connor's eyes closed and he shuddered. A few moments later, he said, "These are memorial runes. This one is Jade's." He opened his eyes and looked at me.
"What?" I asked, but stepped forward and touched it before either of them could answer.
Suddenly, I wasn't in Liam's home. There was a full moon in the night sky, illuminating my grandmother as she stood in her clearing with orange flames licking up into the air from the pit behind her.
She lit up with a smile as she gazed at me. It was my smile. Her hair blew behind her in a gentle breeze, white hair billowing against the backlight of flames. The primroses at her feet tickled her bare ankles and I could smell apples against the smoke of the fire. She rested her hand over her heart in a gesture that said, I love you. And then, everything faded away.
I opened my eyes, tears running down my face. Connor watched me, while Liam stood next to him, looking fascinated with the paint on the wall. I shook my head to clear it. "That's a memorial?" She was so real. It was like sight. I wiped my eyes.
"Yes, my dear," Liam said, looking back to us. "She left a farewell to you when she saw to your future. The one you saw was the one meant for you. Mister Jennings saw his.
I still clung to the rune and Connor slipped his hand underneath mine and laced our fingers together. He smiled at me and lifted it, kissing the back of my hand with a light brush of his lips.
"Thank you," I said to both of them. To my grandmother, wherever she was. I didn't realize how much I needed to see her. For her to say goodbye.
"Please, my dear, feel free to visit whenever you want to see her again," Liam said, bowing.
For a vampire of his age, with his wealth and power, my jaw dropped at the gesture. Someone like him wouldn't bow to fool me. It was genuine.
Then he said, "Shall we continue?"
I nodded and we stepped through the doorway, leaving my grandmother's rune behind.
Connor squeezed my hand as we descended the stone steps. The darkened stairwell filled me with a sense of anticipation. It felt, somehow, like we wouldn't like what was about to happen. A lantern with a single flame at the bottom of the steps cast a flickering, orange glow across the stark concrete, adding to my resolve.
Liam opened the door and we stepped into an intersection of three long hallways, covered in the same gleaming, gold-inlaid mahogany floors. Heavy, ornate doors lined them on both sides and one massive stainless steel door stood at the end of the center hall.
"Sleeping quarters for humans," the vampire waved his hands like a tour guide as we walked, "vampire quarters, kitchen, living areas, recreation room." He stopped at the stainless door. And with an odd tone of finality, he said, "The training room."
The door swung on its hinges without a sound and the room inside looked like a huge arena. In one corner, weights and other training equipment lined the wall. The other corners donned big squares of mats, meant for sparring, and the walls around them were littered with more weapons and fighting gear than I could count. Among them were knives, swords, throwing stars, whips, spiked mallets, and other weapons that looked like they'd hurt as much as the others.
The center of the room housed a massive obstacle course. A vampire moved through it in a blur of speed, jumping over a twenty-foot wall with little effort, hurling through moving platforms like they were simple stepping stones. The vampire vaulted up toward hanging ropes, and flew through the air like Tarzan, swinging from one rope to the next in quick succession.
The whole course moved, and it looked impossible for a human to complete. The vampire finished the course in less than thirty seconds. When he crossed the finish line in front of us, not a bead of sweat stood on his forehead. 
Did vampires even sweat?
He wasn't breathing either.
The vampire in front of us looked at me and his blue eyes flashed. His dark hair was cut short and he sported the beginnings of a goatee. He wore a matching black fitted tank top and loose-fitting pants. He looked young. Around my age when he was turned.
His nostrils flared, and he breathed in as his gaze traveled down my front, lingering at the apex of my thighs with another flare of his nostrils.
Ew.
Connor took a step forward.
"Manners, Tobias," Liam barked and reached out to stop Connor before he could challenge the vampire.
Tobias dropped his eyes and bowed to Liam before walking out of the room.
Liam turned around and nodded to us. "Apologies, Aisling. Connor."
It didn't escape my notice that it was the first time Liam regarded Connor with his name.
If I didn't know better, I'd say I saw respect in Liam's eyes. "Before we begin, I have to ask you if you are sure you want to do this?"
Before I could speak, Connor asked, "Why?"
"Because you will not like what I will have to do to get her to see her potential," Liam replied.
I put my hand on Connor's shoulder. "We need to do this. My grandmother died so that I could do this. And right now, I'm vulnerable."
Connor sighed and nodded, fear seeping back into his aura in a faint gray tone.
Liam walked over to a bench that sat near the sparring space closest to us. He took off his jacket and tie. Then he unbuttoned the cuffs of his blood-stained white shirt and rolled them up to his elbows. His arms were as pale as his face, but they were covered in white scars that crisscrossed over his skin. They stood out in stark relief against the fluorescent lights. He slipped off his shoes and stepped onto the mat.
"On the mat, please," Liam said, holding out his hand.
As we moved to it, I could smell antiseptic and wondered how much blood they cleaned off it every day. I wasn't sure I wanted to know the answer to that question.
Without preamble, Liam began speaking. "There is no good. No evil. Just your will. You control it. You possess it."
He feigned to the right and flashed behind us. I turned to face him with equal speed, but he didn't make any threatening moves, so I didn't raise my magic. "Good," he said.
Connor gave me a warning glance, but he didn't move away. I didn't like it much either.
"Your emotions give you away, Aisling," Liam continued. "They are also your greatest asset. That is what fuels your will. You need to embrace everything you feel. Let it bloom inside and then flow out of you."
His voice rose, "You are holding back, Aisling. Feel it in you. Focus on how you feel."
I didn't know how I felt, but I closed my eyes and concentrated. Liam circled us as he spoke, "Find it inside, Aisling."
There were so many emotions inside me. Fear of the vampire, but a growing appreciation for his methods, as disturbing as they were. After all, they proved his point. Effectively.
I missed my grandmother. Her rune allowed me to see her silent vow of love and what she gave up for me. I filled up with pride at her courage for seeing my future, agreeing with fate, and doing what was needed.
She was my savior after my mother's death, and she died so I could be a savior for everyone else.
"Not good enough. You are wasting your time. And mine." I could hear anger creeping into the vampire's voice. I didn't know what he wanted me to do.
He sighed. "Your step-father murdered your mother, Aisling. He wants you now. Tell me, did he ever tell you how much he wants?"
I blanched like he hit me.
How the hell does he know that?
"What does that mean?" Connor asked, but I couldn't tell who he was asking.
"He beat you senseless. He taught you who you really were, did he not?" Liam said.
I dropped my head and hunched my shoulders, closing in on myself.
"Stop," Connor shouted at Liam.
Just breathe.
"Your step-father showed you just how much the air you breathed was too good for you," Liam bellowed. "He knew exactly what he was doing."
I felt each word as a slap to the face, a punch in the gut, and hunched further, doubling over at his words.
"What the hell is wrong with you?" Connor said to Liam and put his hands on my shoulders, trying to soothe me.
"He watched you as you sniveled on the floor like the little whore you are!"
"You son of a bitch," Connor spat and let me go. I heard him step away from me, but I was too busy trying to hold myself together. I shook, breathing hard.
How does he know all that?
"You have it, now feel it!" Liam hissed with excitement.
No.
I shook my head.
Breathe.
Just breathe.
I chanted it in my head.
"Tell me, Aisling. Did you tell Connor everything your step-father said? Everything he did to you? Everything he planned?"
Anger washed over me. Pure rage at the words Liam spoke.
I no longer cared how he knew. All I cared about was shutting up the voice of my step-father as he spoke to me in my bedroom.
He tore me down physically. Until I was broken.
He tore me down mentally and emotionally. Until I believed everything he ever said.
It was in preparation for my adolescence.
An image of him flashed in my mind.
He rubbed himself through the front of his pants and said, You will be a damn fine treat in a few years, won't you, darlin'?
I gagged and fell to my knees. I never pieced it together until Liam shouted it at me.
I never wanted to.
Connor rushed to me. "This is not helping," he growled at the vampire. He put his hands on my face, "Aisling, honey?"
"She is lost in her memories now. She has figured it out." Liam said, low.
"Figured what out?"
"Think about it. What that man did to her. Think," Liam hissed, and then in a softer voice, added, "I apologize I had to do this."
Images, sounds, smells, and pain washed over me as I remembered every moment my step-father spent with me.
Turning me into the girl who would worship him.
Have only him.
Because no one else would have her.
And he would.
All to himself.
Connor realized it, too, because I felt him turn away to face Liam and growl, "How could you do this to her?"
I opened my eyes, red covering my vision, and rose.
I didn't stand.
I levitated until my feet dangled beneath me over nothing but air.
Liam looked up as Connor threw a pair of strategic punches. The vampire's hands flashed out and caught Connor's fists with his palms, forcing him to the ground, ready to snap both of his wrists. Connor gasped in pain and dropped to his knees.
"Stop!" I screamed with what sounded like a thousand voices that reverberated from my body. Several fluorescent lights exploded from above, and then sparks and glass rained to the ground around me. My hands sparked and crackled with little bolts of electricity as I glared at Liam.
Connor turned as much as his position on the mat would allow and froze with a gasp.
How could he forgive me?
Liam smiled back at me.
He crossed the line. He forced me to acknowledge inside myself what I refused to see.
"There is your power, Aisling."
Chapter 32



I wanted to go back. Past my grandmother's rune. Past the decision to see Liam. So I could change my mind.
But I could do none of those things.
Instead, I burned with anger.
"Feel it, Aisling," Liam said, grinning at me, and released Connor.
Oh, I felt it.
I was boiling over with it.
And I didn't like it.
At all.
"Aisling," Connor said with caution, and approached me with slow, steady steps.
I didn't look away from Liam until Connor reached up and touched my face. His hands felt ice cold against my heated skin.
When I blinked, I looked out of Connor's eyes and saw myself. His hands burned from my heat, and his arms buzzed from the electricity rolling off me. My eyes weren't blue anymore. They were red. My aura blazed with emerald. I blinked and looked out with my eyes again.
"Please, Aisling," Connor whispered. "It's alright. It'll be alright. I'm right here."
The sparks in my hands popped one final time before they fizzled out, and the red faded from my vision.
"It'll be alright. I'm right here. I'm not going anywhere."
Breathe, I told myself and willed my magic to lower me back down to the mat.
Connor didn't let me go, but his aura was a deep, dark blue.
"If it is any consolation, Aisling," Liam said, the regret and grief apparent on his face, "I did not want to put you through that." He turned and walked off the mat, giving us some space.
I felt different, but I'd worry about that later. If I ever calmed down.
The damage was done, and I didn't know if Connor would forgive me.
What I needed, I wouldn't find from Liam. I needed time. To process everything. He pushed me into a scary version of myself. How could Connor forgive that, too? "C-Connor," I breathed and my whole body wracked with trembles.
"It's alright," he whispered back to me. He didn't take his hands away from my face.
My legs gave out from under me and I crumpled to the floor. He dropped to his knees with me and pulled me into his arms. I sobbed. Cried harder than I ever cried in my life.
Connor held me tight to his chest and let me feel his strength. He surrounded me while his arms held me together. Kept me from disappearing into the floor like melting ice. I needed him more than I ever needed him before. And I was going to lose him.
Knowing I couldn't stay in that awful arena the rest of the night, I steeled myself and quieted my sobs. Then I forced my legs to stand and hold me steady.
I saw Liam. His deer-in-headlights expression, as he pushed himself back into the wall so hard, it buckled under the pressure of his body, caught me off guard. If the situation wasn't so horrible, I would've thought it was funny. Then I realized I was the one pushing him into the wall. I dropped the magic and Liam straightened.
Connor held my hand and squeezed it while Liam approached us.
"Apologies, my dear," the vampire said. "I had to get you to see what you could do. I would never hurt you otherwise." His strange accent and formal way of speaking grated on me. "Remember what it felt like. Remember the way it came naturally."
Liam reached out his hand to touch my face. But I wasn't about to let him touch me. My magic forced his hand back down to his side.
He regarded me with respect and bowed. "I know you will not agree, but I would like the two of you and your werewolf to stay here. It is too dangerous to be on the streets or at your home."
"We appreciate the sentiment, but we're leaving. You've done enough," Connor said for me.
"At least accept some protection. I would like to place an associate nearby to keep an eye on the three of you. To come to your aid if needed."
"Fine, but they stay hidden," Connor said.
We came for answers and asked Liam to help. He did, knowing the price we would pay for it.
But, I would rather die than pay the price of losing Connor.

We walked home in silence, the heavy weight of the night on our shoulders. Connor's thumb caressed the back of my hand, refusing to break the small bit of contact between us.
How long will it last?
I felt raw. Lost. And without the slightest idea of what Connor was thinking, it only added to my grief. I knew he was sad. Because he was going to leave.
Shadow waited by the front door and whimpered as he took us in. He shoved his nose into my palm and licked me, offering me a little of his comfort. But it brought no solace. No reprieve. I couldn't bear to lose him too. Fresh tears fell from my eyes.
"It's been a long night, buddy," Connor said, low.
Shadow whimpered again when I didn't move to scratch his favorite spot behind his ear.
"It'll be better in the morning," Connor said, but even I could hear the hesitation in his voice. "Come on, let's get you upstairs, Aisling."
Without another word, he led me up the stairs, closed my door behind him, and sat me down at the foot of my bed. He discarded his coat and turned his attention to me, helping me out of my coat, boots, and socks. When he pulled my shirt off, he turned toward my closet, but my hand flashed out and grabbed his left forearm.
My thumb traced over the three lines that scarred his otherwise flawless skin. A reminder of the night he met my grandmother. "Does tonight change how you feel about me?" I rasped. My eyes searched his and tears burned in my eyes.
"Oh," he breathed, moved toward me, and dropped to his knees. I opened my legs to let him move closer. He brushed an errant curl away from my face, tucking it behind my ear. "No, honey. It doesn't matter what happened to you. I love you and what I feel for you will never change. I am so sorry about what happened, Aisling. Both today and your past. Nothing can change how I feel. I. Love. You," he said those last three words in slow succession.
Tears spilled down my cheeks and he wiped them away with his thumbs.
"Is that why you were so scared?" he asked and rested his hands on my thighs.
I nodded.
"I'm not going anywhere. I love you," he repeated. His eyes flickered from my eyes to my lips and back again, pleading.
I kissed him, hard, wrapping my arms around his shoulders. His arms encircled me and I smiled against him.
For once, I was crying from happiness.
Nothing else mattered in that moment but him.
When I reached for his shirt, he pulled back and looked at me. "Are you sure?"
I nodded, and in the next instant, it fell to the floor. Then, I captured his Adam's apple in my mouth, fisting my hand in his hair, and tugged his head back to give me more access.
He groaned, aura pulsating with red, and reached around to unhook my bra. He pushed the material out of the way and I gasped when his fingers found my nipples, circling them in a slow, agonizing caress.
"Stand up," he said and yanked my pants down to my ankles before I registered that he began to remove them. He looked up at me, "Now lay back."
I sat at the foot of the bed and then tried to scoot back but he caught me by the back of my knees and stopped me.
His hands slid up my thighs and his fingers hooked into the waistband of my panties, pulling them off.
Deep brown eyes raked over me, sending shivers across my body. Then he leaned down and bit my hip. I cried out and forced myself to breathe while he worked his way to the other side, and bit it too. I arched up and ran my fingers through his hair.
God, but his teeth felt so good.
I didn't realize what he was doing until after he pushed my legs wider and his tongue found me. I cried out from the sensation as my back arched up off the bed and I fisted his hair.
Connor moaned as I writhed against him. The vibrations of his tongue as it circled my clitoris forced me to arch toward him. He grabbed my hips and pushed me into the bed, holding me still.
My breathing increased as I felt my release coming and he slid his hands up to my breasts. He rolled my nipples between his fingers and I shattered against him. I rode the wave for what felt like hours and when I relaxed enough to stop convulsing, he pulled away. "Oh, my god, Connor," I gasped as my mind returned.
He chuckled and I sat up and kissed him. I could taste myself on him, the salty nectar more erotic than I ever imagined. "Stand up," I purred.
When he made it to his feet, I ran my tongue over the small line of hair leading down under the waistline of his dark jeans.
Unbuttoning them, I pushed his jeans down past his hips and looked at his erection. My mouth watered and I licked my lips.
I made him wait while I pulled the band out of my hair and let it fall around my shoulders, but kept my eyes on him. I grinned up at him when his aura burned hotter as he anticipated what I planned.
I never tried it before, but, oh god, how I wanted to try. I wrapped my hand around him and felt the silky skin stretch over the hardness beneath. I took one last glance into Connor's eyes and then took him in my mouth.
Chapter 33



A few minutes later, Connor's breathing increased and a moan escaped him. I wanted to keep going, see how far I could take him, but he stopped me and pushed me back on the bed.
He trapped me under his body. Surrounded me. For an hour, he took his time, letting me feel every inch of him in a slow, agonizing build. While his mouth moved from my mouth, to my jaw, to my neck, and back again.
God, but it was the most amazing thing I ever felt in my life.
That was what making love felt like.
I thought the day ruined everything. That Connor would leave me. That the weight of my past would be too much for him.
Making love was the best way to show me how much I was wrong. How much he still needed me. Wanted me. Cared for me. And loved me.
We curled up together, naked under the sheets. I was right where I needed to be. In his arms, with my head resting over his heart. Connor fell asleep a few minutes later.
With everything that happened, I was the center of attention. Connor, Shadow, Angela, the pixies, and, though I wasn't entirely convinced of his motives, even Liam wanted to help me embrace my power and reunite the world.
Then there was the ever-growing list of people hunting me. Zoe wanted my power. Martin, too. And the Kramer Scholars wanted me dead because my step-father couldn't keep his mouth shut.
But why would Martin announce what I was, whether it was true or not, when he wanted my power for himself? He must have known it would peak interests.
I didn't think he was that dense. My step-father was many things, but stupid wasn't one of them. He knew the long game. He mastered it with me. Only, his hatred for my mother and her status as a witch foiled his plans. And based on his words, my grandmother spelled him to forget me. 
I remembered nothing about you. For a decade, he said.
With so many people out to kill me, I was vulnerable without knowing how to access my magic. Time was running short and I needed that power.
My defensive magic was strong. I could react to threats without thinking, matching Liam's speeds. And the way I peeled the vampire away from Connor was disturbing, yet very effective.
But I didn't know if it would be enough.
Liam showed me how to access my power, alright. But I didn't like it. Didn't like any part of it. Hated the way it made me feel.
I never wanted to use that kind of magic again.
If surviving meant harnessing all that anger and pain, I'd rather take my chances with my defense magic than bury myself under all that rage.
Despite what happened, Connor vowed to stay. Said he loved me. That it changed nothing.
I sighed.
Strong arms squeezed me and caressed my bare skin. Connor's sleepy whisper reached me next. "You're supposed to be sleeping."
I smiled and kissed his chest, "I know. I can't sleep."
"What's wrong?"
"Nothing, I'm just trying to process everything."
"Aisling, look at me," he said, low.
In the darkness, his features were still breathtaking. I could see subtle shadows accentuating the angles of his face. He was unmistakable and he was beautiful. And my skin practically vibrated against his.
"Are you still wondering if I'm going to leave?"
"Not exactly."
"What do I need to do to prove it to you?"
"It's not that." I shrugged. "I know you're not leaving, but I wonder how bad things have to get to make you change your mind." I sighed. "Mostly, I just ... I don't like what my magic did to me. I don't think it's safe for you and Shadow."
"First, I'm not changing my mind. Second, safe or not, I don't care. It's always been dangerous for us, Aisling. That's never going to change unless we do something about it. I'd rather be in danger with you than be in danger alone."
His thumb caressed my cheek. "Besides, I think you're underestimating yourself. You are strong. I don't think you realize how strong you are. You care more about losing me than you do about what your step-father did to you. Do you realize how significant that is?"
Actually ... no. I didn't. I shook my head.
"What he did was awful, what he planned was worse. But you love me enough to worry about me, not him. You took that power from him. You did it two times tonight. First, when you dropped your anger. Then when you asked me if it changed how I felt." He smiled. "Your love is more powerful than your anger and your pain."
I didn't think about it that way. I never spent any time worrying about my step-father. Instead, I focused on Connor. He calmed me. He brought me back from the fear of losing him.
It was him.
I smiled, "You're right."
"If you didn't like that side of your magic, then we will try something different. You were pretty amazing though."
I chuckled, "Yeah, I was pretty scary."
"No. You were unleashed. You were practically on fire and you had electricity rolling off you. Your eyes were red," he said with awe.
"What about my voice?"
"From everything I've read about Earthens, you channeled the voices from all the Earthens that came before you."
The thousand voices were dead witches?
That's not creepy at all.
"How could you not be scared of that?"
"I'd have been scared if I was Liam, but you didn't hurt him. You reacted when he forced me to my knees." His expression softened. "So, again, your devotion to me is stronger than anything else."
I wiped a tear from my eye before he could catch it.
He watched me for a few moments and asked, "You think that crying around me and being comforted is weak, don't you?"
"Yeah, isn't it?"
"No, honey. You are both strong and vulnerable. Your emotions are so powerful you can't help how you react. So you cry," he shrugged. "You don't bear your pain alone — you need me — and that is powerful."
He was right. Over the years, I internalized my pain. Never shared it with anyone. With him around, the first time my emotions overtook me, I turned to him without hesitation.
It was always him.
"I never thought about it that way," I smiled. "Thank you."
"For what?"
"Everything."
Before he could respond, I kissed him. Once again, tears of happiness burned in my eyes.
When I pulled away, I asked, "Do you mind if I ask you something?"
"You can ask me anything."
"What's your full name?"
"Except that." His aura turned light blue.
My lips twitched and I tilted my head to the side.
He laughed at my expression and said, "Connor Joseph Jennings."
I smiled.
His eyes narrowed. "What?"
I shrugged, "Nothing. The name suits you. It's beautiful."
"Thank you," he smiled. "What's your full name?"
"Aisling Marie Green."
"Beautiful, just like you," he said and kissed me. It was one of those kisses that lasted for an instant, but burned me like a wildfire at the same time.
I took a moment to breathe before I asked, "When you touched my grandmother's rune, what did you see?"
"She was standing in her clearing," he began. "It was a summer night with a full moon. She had a fire in the pit behind her. She looked at me and said, 'Take care of my granddaughter.'"
"Mine was the same, except she didn't say anything. She put her hand over her heart. That was her goodbye." 
The back of my neck itched with an uncomfortable intensity that made me lose my train of thought.
Connor stiffened. "Something's trying to break through your barrier," he said and jumped out of bed at the same time the trio of pixies appeared at my windows.
Their tiny fists pounding on the glass sounded like raindrops.
We were about to find out how bad things would become.
Chapter 34



Once the triplets saw we were up and moving, they flew off into the night. I scrambled to my feet, pulling on my discarded jeans and my shirt, not bothering with panties or a bra.
Connor finished pulling his shirt down over his jeans, covering the last bit of flesh on his abdomen. "We're not done talking, Aisling," he promised.
After sliding on our boots, we were halfway down the stairs when the front door exploded inward.
Shadow darted out of the way before the solid oak door could crash into him. Then he lunged at the man that kicked in the door and pinned him to the ground before he realized the werewolf was there.
Connor grabbed my hand and pulled me down the remaining steps when bullets started flying around us. We slipped past the foyer into the living room as bullets whizzed by our heads.
The amulet around my neck glowed with a red light. I glanced at Connor and saw his was lit up, too.
The two-hundred-and-fifty-pound white werewolf growled as he tore into the man under him. Then he yelped.
"Shadow!" I gasped, moving back toward the foyer.
Connor grabbed my arm and pulled me back. "He can take care of himself. You need to focus on your barrier. There's only one thing that could be trying to penetrate it."
Witches.
More growls erupted from beyond the front door. Further toward the street, I heard bones snapping, followed by a muffled cry.
I tried to focus on the protective dome surrounding my house and property, but the melee distracted me too much for my efforts to be effective. "I c-can't hold it for long, Connor," I said through gritted teeth.
He peeked around the corner, and a shot rang out.
On reflex, I caught it with my magic before I even began to think.
His head snapped back behind the wall, gray and orange flaming in his aura. "Uh, thanks for that," he gasped and pointed at the bullet that hung in the air less than an inch from where his face was.
Jesus fucking Christ, Connor's head was almost blown off.
And I stopped the bullet just before he was hit.
"I swear, Connor. If you die, I'm gonna bring you back just so I can kill you myself," I growled, fisted the material of his shirt, and gave him a quick, heated kiss.
Light blue and red bled into his aura for a moment while he laughed breathlessly, but as more sounds of fighting came from outside, the colors faded back to gray.
I let him go. I wasn't going to let Shadow fight alone.
"Aisling!" Connor hissed, but I was already around the corner.
A man in black clothing stood at the doorway. Guns, knives, and other weapons I didn't recognize were strapped to his body. He looked like he was ready for war.
His gun leveled on me and he pulled the trigger. My hand flew up and the bullet stopped, suspended in the air halfway between us. The shooter pulled the trigger again, but that time, the bullet didn't fire from the gun.
"Well, that's effective," Connor said in appreciation and followed me into the foyer. I focused on the man in the doorway struggling with his gun. "Get. The fuck. Out. Of my house," I gritted. With a flick of my wrist, I flung him backward.
A man stood with a gleaming set of white teeth and fangs and caught the shooter in the air like I just tossed him a candy bar.
The vampire's eyes flashed as he wrenched the shooter's head to the side, buried his fangs into his victim's neck, and whipped his head back and forth like a shark. Then he dropped the lifeless body to the ground.
"Aisling," he said with a wave, as if we were neighbors out for the morning paper.
I was too busy picking my jaw up off the ground when the vampire flashed to the man with a large hunting knife trying to fend off Shadow. He snapped the neck of the man with the knife and wiped his hands on the seat of his pants, like he touched something dirty.
Shadow growled and bared his teeth at the vampire.
"Oh, relax, wolf. I'm here to help," he said in a Southern accent. His head snapped up and he disappeared around the side of the house an instant later.
Shadow followed after him with equal speed.
I didn't have a chance to count the dead bodies in my front yard by the time the back door exploded into the kitchen with a loud crash of flying glass and more useless bullets began to fly. I ran at the intruders through the house and hurled them back into the vampire and werewolf waiting behind them.
One man fired his gun into the air just before Shadow ripped out his throat.
The vampire landed an uppercut into the stomach of the man nearest to him and pulled his fist away an instant later. Blood oozed between his fingers. A lot of it.
By the time the man hit the ground, his crushed heart was tossed away like a piece of trash and the vampire strolled away with his eyes locked on his next target.
The last man was on the ground with his hands in the air. "Please, don't kill me," he begged.
Before I could protest, the vampire reached down and ripped off his arm with ease, like he just pulled a wing off a fly. He tossed the man's severed limb into his face and walked away, leaving him to bleed out.
Then my protection spell failed and evaporated into the darkness around us.
I tensed as six witches, swirling with black auras, floated into view over the fence line. They hung there, palms in the air as they chanted.
The vampire fell to the ground and his hands clamped against his ears at the same time Shadow howled and sank to the ground, tilting his head from side to side.
A sound Connor and I couldn't hear was hurting them, and I didn't know if it was the spell those witches were chanting, or if it was something else.
The vampire went still and he looked ... well, dead. Another corpse among the bloodied remains of three other men.
Shadow stopped writhing, his howl cut off and he collapsed the rest of the way to the frozen ground. I let out a breath I didn't realize I was holding when I saw that he was still breathing.
The witches lowered their hands and fell silent. I didn't know what they did to the unconscious vampire and werewolf in front of us. I glared up at them and they smiled back at me. Anger flashed through me and red filled my vision.
Connor grabbed my hand and squeezed it. "No, Aisling, don't," he said and caressed the back of my hand with his thumb, reminding me that anger wasn't the way to beat them.
I took a deep breath and forced myself to calm down. My vision cleared and my anger lessened.
Footsteps approached the gate at the back of the yard, and a moment later, the gate flew open, revealing Zoe.
Connor stiffened and anger flashed into his aura.
"Oh, my, you just can't help yourself, can you?" Zoe asked but didn't wait for a response. "You two look like you've been busy. It's disgusting." Her eyes raked over Connor, changing tactics. "He always was insatiable," she purred.
Connor squeezed my hand and growled, "You used to like it."
All the air went out of my lungs in a wheeze.
What?
Did he want her that much when they were together? I thought their relationship was a convenience to him. Maybe I was wrong.
Red flashed across her aura before it shifted back to black, "Yes, I did. You can always come back to me, you know. We can have that again."
"No. It's always going to be no."
"But we were so good together."
"It doesn't matter. I don't want you."
Zoe clucked her tongue, "Ouch, baby, that hurts."
"I don't care."
Looking away from Connor, she leveled her eyes on me. "On to more pressing business, hmm?"
"You don't have to do this, Zoe," I said.
"Oh, but I want to, you stupid whore."
Her words stung, but I knew what she was doing.
"You see, he's mine," she said, pointing a long, black fingernail at Connor. "And I'm going to get him back."
I chuckled, "You tried spelling him and it didn't work, Zoe. What makes you think anything else would?"
She bristled at my words. "Shut the fuck up or I'll shut you up myself," she said, raising her hands toward me.
Either she was bluffing, or in the four days since she attempted to spell Connor, she gathered enough power to wield magic with her hands. With will. That ability was unheard of in a witch that wasn't Earthen as one of the rarer traits. I wondered how powerful she was, but I was willing to bet her power couldn't match up to mine.
"So let me get this straight," I began. Then, ticking the points with my fingers, "You get with Connor, but that wasn't enough was it? You go dark. He leaves. And you follow him around like a lost puppy. Then you get desperate when you see him with me and try to spell him to go back to you. Which failed." I gestured toward the levitating witches, "You think whatever the hell this spectacle is will change his mind? God, but you're delusional."
Behind her, I saw a trio of tiny birds speed by so fast, I wondered if it was a trick of the light.
What are the triplets doing?
Zoe's green aura reflected her anger back at me. I struck a nerve. Good.
The triplets fluttered around, unnoticed, over the six levitating witches, and I still didn't understand what was happening.
"Your step-father sends his love." She grinned, "That's right. He told me all about you, Aisling. He told me what a little whore you were when you were a kid. Tell me something, how much did you like it?"
Connor squeezed my hand again, but I stayed calm. I was smart enough not to take the bait like she did. She told us she joined my step-father, which was a valuable piece of information. The line of witches behind her didn't know who I was until that moment, because they looked around in nervous confusion.
I looked up at them. "That's right. Martin is my step-father. He wanted me to be his Lolita, but it didn't happen."
"Stop it," Zoe warned, as power began to roll off her.
I sighed like I was bored. "He also married my mother. Murdered her, too. And he's trying to murder me now. But he's sending you guys to do the work for him? Did you stop and think about what he will do to you when he's done with me?"
Their worried faces betrayed confusion and doubt. A few of them began scratching various parts of their bodies. Odd.
While the witches behind Zoe kept scratching themselves, she snapped, "Einfrieren des Geistes."
She used the same words when she tried to take my power, I recalled. But I froze before I could react. Even my mind locked up.
I wanted to fight it, but I couldn't remember how. Did I really want to? As if through a long, empty tunnel, I heard a male voice shouting, but didn't understand what he said.
Cold washed over me, like all the heat in my blood was sucked out of me, replacing it with thick, liquid ice. Unable to move, my vision blurred and the edges began to darken.
But then something warm touched my arm.
Warmth on my bare flesh never felt so good.
I focused on it, willing it to spread through me.
Nothing else mattered.
The warmth traveled up my arm and the huge, black splotches faded from my vision in slow succession until I could see again. The faraway sounds in my ears returned to normal and I felt warm breath on my ear as Connor whispered.
He repeated the same phrase, chanting it. "Feel my touch, let it protect you."
Though my mind was still foggy, I understood what he was doing. I looked down and saw Connor's hands gripping me just below my elbow.
He was the warmth.
Then I remembered.
I looked back up to see Zoe. Fear washed over her as her aura turned gray.
I smiled at her, baring my teeth.
Take this, bitch.
A white-hot light erupted from my chest, throwing her backward. The spell dropped and my power came rushing back to me as I noticed the six witches were gone.
Connor turned me to face him, "Are you alright?"
I nodded. So many questions ran through my mind, but, at last, I settled on one. "W-What did you d-do?"
"I was hoping you would borrow my shield. It worked." He smiled, "You have no idea how happy I am. There was nothing else I could do."
"What did she s-say to me?" I asked, trying to clear my head.
"She used an old German incantation. It means freeze your mind."
I chuckled grimly, "Yeah, that's definitely what happened. Literally."
Zoe sat up and looked around, her black hair was disheveled and her eyes found mine.
I held up my hand, throwing her back to the ground as glowing bottles flew through the air over the house.
"No!" I screamed as I realized, too late, what those were.
When the garden exploded in flames, I heard tiny screams for a moment before they went silent.
The pixies!
How could I let that happen?
Those little screams were pixies.
My reaction time rivaled that of a vampire at full speed. Why did I stand there and watch bottles covered in black auras fly through the air? Tears stung my eyes as I struggled to breathe.
How many pixies just died because of me?
I couldn't bear it.
"What did you do?" Connor growled at Zoe, sinking with agonizing slowness into the ground from the force of my magic.
"I didn't do anything, C-Connor," Zoe said through gritted teeth.
"Then who did it?"
"I don't know."
Connor pointed to the fence line. "Where did they go?" he said, looking back to Zoe.
"I ... don't ... know — ahh," she finished in a pained gasp.
Red filled my vision again as more spelled Molotov cocktail bottles flew into view, falling toward us.
That was it.
I was done playing games.
Chapter 35



The bottles froze in the air, suspended as I held my hand up and let power flow out of me. I searched in the darkness, not with my eyes, but with magic, looking for the six witches that were firebombing my house. What did those idiots think they could accomplish by pissing me off?
Connor kept an eye on the bottles floating above us, then turned back to the yard, watching for signs of movement.
I found the six darkened essences near the front of my house. I shoved my hand in the air and I launched their bottles back at them.
The first glass broke, followed by a whoosh of fire and a scream. Various shouts and curses filtered to us as the others tried to dodge the bottles hurling in the air toward them. The remaining bottles shattered as they impacted the ground and flames roared to life, but no other screams filled the air.
I closed my fist, extinguishing the flames. I wasn't going to kill them. I wanted them to see that my step-father was right about me. Let them fear me. Let them see they made a huge mistake.
"I know you can hear me, so listen up," I called out. "If you ever come near me or anyone else I care about — or so much as think about it — I won't be so forgiving." Then, I growled, "You have no idea what I'm capable of."
I felt them leave in a hurry and I turned back to Zoe. I released her from the ground and watched her move, with a pained expression, to her feet.
"Connor, please," she begged, tears in her eyes. The hurt on her face didn't mirror the appearance of her aura. It continued to swirl with an inky blackness.
Connor sighed and his green aura faded to a dark blue. His voice was low and gentle. "I can't. You know that. What happened between us is in the past. I've moved on. So should you. Please, Zoe. Stop this. Before you get yourself killed."
Tears fell down her face, and though I didn't trust her sincerity, I felt pity for her. She darkened and lost the man she loved. She tried to win him back ever since.
Though her methods left quite a bit to be desired, I could understand her pain. I was afraid of the same thing. I wondered, too, what would make Connor leave me, like he left her.
I could hear in his voice that he cared for her. I didn't know how much, but it was obvious he didn't want her to die. And she was flirting with death. Seducing it.
She looked surprised at Connor's words. Not expecting him to say anything except to leave. Studying him for a few more moments, she shook her head as if to clear it.
All emotion faded from her face and she looked at me. "You know what, bitch? You keep him." Then she smiled and pulled something from her pocket.
A wave of dark magic erupted from her and washed over us, knocking us off our feet. I hit the ground and the back of my head bounced off the concrete patio.
I wasn't sure if I laid there for a while or if it was an instant, but when I opened my eyes, I gulped in air. I could see the stars in the clear night sky and the beginnings of morning as it pinked with the coming dawn.
Turning my head, I saw Connor was unconscious, lying on the ground a few feet away. I moved toward him, my muscles screaming in protest. "Connor?" I asked and touched his face. His aura was dim, flickering in and out of existence and the orb around my neck felt hot against my skin, glowing in a bright white light.
What the hell did Zoe do?
"Connor, wake up," I pleaded, caressing his cheeks. "Please." His aura disappeared and he exhaled.
He didn't inhale.
The light from my orb faded and died.
"No!" I screamed.
My hands trembled, trying to figure out what I could do to save him. He was hit with magic, and his shield didn't work. Was it because I used it? Took his power and didn't return it, leaving him too depleted to protect himself?
I did the only thing I could. I closed my eyes, desperate tears leaking down my face, and cleared my mind. Focusing on him. Restoring what Zoe knocked out of him, I pushed magic out of my fingers and forced it down through his lifeless skin.
I heard a gasp and my eyes flew open. Through the glowing white of his aura, I could see Connor's brown eyes were dilated, but they returned to normal within a few seconds and the white of his aura faded to gray and pink.
"Are you alright?" I asked, running my hand through his hair. My head was pounding, but I was relieved. I blinked tears from my eyes.
He nodded.
"You were dead, Connor!" I cried and buried my face into his chest, breathing him in as my tears soaked his shirt. My heart hammered in my chest as a mixture of grief and happiness washed over me.
He wrapped his arms around me, and whispered, "I'm alright. I'm alright. You can't get rid of me that easy." Light blue dotted in his aura.
"Jerk," I chuckled.
"I love you, too." He let me go a few moments later and asked. "Are they gone?"
I nodded, "I can't feel them anymore." The pain in my head was growing worse and I squinted.
"You can feel them?"
I shrugged and helped Connor into a sitting position. The motion caused more pain to smash through me. "I guess. I could feel them at the front of the house." I rubbed my forehead and closed my eyes. "Do you know what happened?"
"I'm not sure. Either it wasn't meant to kill me, or maybe I was too depleted to use the shield after you borrowed it."
"That's why I pushed magic in you. It was the only thing I could think of to save you. Can you stand?"
He nodded and I helped him up. The world spun for a moment, but when we stood on our feet, he pulled me into a fierce hug, wrapping his arms around my shoulders and held me. I hugged him back. "Thank you for saving me, Aisling."
"I would do anything to keep you safe," I whispered and then pulled away, looking at the vampire and werewolf, still unconscious on the ground. "Are they going to be okay?"
"The witches knocked them out so they wouldn't interfere. They'll come around soon."
"Aisling! Aisling!" little voices cried as the triplets flew into view.
"Ohmygod, are you guys alright?" I asked in a rush and winced.
"Yes, Aisling, we are fine."
"All of you? But, I heard screams...," I trailed off, and rubbed my forehead again.
"We had to let them think they killed us," they shrugged, their blond hair glittering against the pre-dawn light.
I dropped my hand and narrowed my eyes at them. Bubba, Baby, and Bogsley were some brilliant little pixies. "Nice work, guys," I smiled in appreciation through the pain.
The triplets beamed at me.
Connor chuckled, "You guys are crafty aren't you?"
"Thank you, Connor," they said in unison. They were a little chorus of words, always knew what they were going to say, and they said it together with precision.
It was beautiful.
As I was about to ask the triplets an important question, pain exploded through my head like a nuclear bomb. I gasped.
"Are you alright?" Connor asked, turning his attention to me.
"Yeah, I think so, just a bad headache," I whispered. I turned back to the pixies and blinked, forgetting what I was about to ask them. Instead, I said, "I'm sorry about the garden, guys."
"Don't worry, Aisling, the frost preserved everything. The plants will return in the spring."
"But your home?"
"It was protected, Aisling," they said with a shake of their heads. "We must return to the others."
"Thank you." Those words didn't come close to expressing the relief I felt that the pixies were safe. I didn't want them dying because I was too weak to protect them. I needed to protect them.
The three pixies bowed to us and flew away.
Then, the world spun, and, as I fell to the ground for a second time that morning, my vision went black.
Chapter 36



My head hit the ground, hard. Through the black void, I could see massive flashes of white exploding from the impact. I didn't know where I was, or what was happening.
I heard noises from far off, but nothing penetrated beyond the pain. There were shouts, and then screams that reminded me of the cries that came from the beautiful German shepherd I watched die. The screams were coming from me, I realized, and I fell further into the darkness waiting for me.

"You've been bad, little girl. I've tried to make you into a good girl, but nothing changes," he clucked his tongue. "Always bad. Always naughty. I think it's time you learned your lesson." He kicked Jackson in the side and a bone snapped. An agonized yelp filled the silence.
"No!" I cried, but my step-father didn't listen.
Hit me instead.
"You've been bad," he repeated. "You don't deserve Jax, you know. Good for nothing mutt," he said with another kick.
Jackson sprawled, helpless on the floor, wheezing and whimpering.
I whimpered with him.
You're supposed to hit me.
"You see," he went on, "you deserve something different. Your mutt just ate antifreeze, and he's going to die. Slow and painfully."
I froze and bit my tongue.
"This is going to be fun to watch," he said as he walked away and settled into his chair. He took a long gulp of beer and turned on the television to watch football.
I rubbed Jackson's fur, careful to avoid his broken rib.
By the time my mother arrived at home, I was frantic, sobbing, and trying in desperation to help the suffering dog.
Jackson's screams were haunting.
Not a howl.
Not a whimper.
They were screams.
Blackness oozed from his mouth as he writhed, curling in on himself before straightening again. His unseeing eyes were blank and his ears weren't hearing me.
"What's wrong with him?" my mother said as she rushed to me. She glared up at my step-father, "What happened?"
"Don't know," he shrugged, not turning to look away from the television. "If he's still sick tomorrow, I'll take him to the vet."
She shook her head and looked down, putting her hand on Jackson's chest. The air thickened an instant later. "Mother of the night, help this creature find peace," she whispered.
"What the fuck was that, Mary?" my step-father snapped and stood.
Jackson's screams quieted and with one last convulsion, he let out his final breath.

I felt something thick slide down my throat and I gagged. It tasted like electrified pennies and made my tongue feel like it was zapped by a car battery.
"Drink, Aisling," Liam's voice sounded in my ear. "Drink."
I pushed against the cold, hard object pressed to my mouth but it wouldn't budge. The cool liquid spilled from it and I was forced to swallow.
The pain in my head lessened and I opened my eyes.
"Oh, thank god, Aisling," Connor said, slumping his shoulders in relief as he kneeled to my right.
Liam sat to my left, and, with one final drop in my mouth, he pulled his wrist away.
Was he just feeding me his blood?
Bile rose in my throat as my body threatened to purge the foreign liquid. I breathed, my eyes flickering to Connor as I tried to calm my heaving stomach. When I felt confident my stomach wouldn't purge itself, I opened my mouth to speak. "What happened?"
"You took a good blow to the back of your head. You were also hit with a wave of hallucinogen magic, but it was too potent," Liam said.
"Hallucinogen magic?" The pain in my head ebbed and fell away. Vampire blood could reverse magic and heal?
"You were crying over Jackson in between your screams," Connor said.
"It was a flashback. But I saw something I never remembered until now."
"What was it?" Connor asked.
"I saw my mother try to help Jackson with magic, but he died. Martin heard her. That's why he killed her." Tears threatened to spill over and Connor grabbed my face, pulling my mind out of the spiral.
"Listen to me, Aisling. It was not your fault. Don't give him that power over you."
"Connor is right, my dear," Liam said and rested his hand over mine for a moment before releasing me.
I blinked, surprised at the gesture, and forgot why I was upset. Then I realized the sun was peeking over the horizon. I narrowed my eyes at the vampire, "Shouldn't you be bursting into flames?"
He chuckled, "Apologies, that one is a myth."
"A girl can dream," I said, biting my cheek to keep from grinning.
Both men laughed and Liam said, "Indeed, Aisling. I am glad you are alright. I have brought a few men to tend to the repairs of your home, and to take care of the bodies as well. Will you not accept my invitation now?"
"Thanks, but no," I responded and sat up.
Moving to his feet, Liam shrugged and walked to the unconscious vampire, stepping over a dead body along the way.
"Is he going to be okay?" I asked.
"Careful now. You are in danger of sounding like you care," Liam said, grinning at me.
I blinked.
Liam just told a joke.
I grinned back at him. "Never."
"Indeed. Jorge will be fine, my dear."
"Well, whenever he wakes up, can you thank him for me?"
"But of course," he bowed to me before he picked up the dark-haired vampire like he weighed nothing and walked away. He called back to us over his shoulder, "You know where to find me if you change your mind." Then he disappeared with a rush of speed.
I looked at Connor, "How did he get here?"
"Jorge called him when those mercenaries arrived about twenty minutes ago. He got here right after you passed out and started screaming."
Was it only twenty minutes?
"Sorry."
"Stop saying that," he growled.
I grinned, "Sorry."
His eyes narrowed. "I'm gonna get you for that, Aisling," he said as red trickled into his aura.
I was about to ask him what he'd do when Shadow woke up and screamed.
Chapter 37



One second I was sitting on the ground several yards away from Shadow, and the next, I was kneeling next to him. He was awake but not seeing. The screams erupting from his body threatened to pull me under.
Not again.
I ran my hands over his fur, hoping it might comfort him. When that didn't work, it left me feeling as useless as I felt when I watched Jackson die.
"Buddy?" Connor asked as he reached us. His jaw clenched when Shadow didn't respond. Fear washed over his aura with a deep gray.
"What's wrong with him?" I asked.
Please, no.
Connor inspected the wolf's fur. "He's hurt somewhere." Finding nothing on his back, he turned Shadow over and froze.
"What is it?" I asked and looked.
Black blood oozed from a small wound on Shadow's chest, near his right front leg.
When Shadow was shot in the clearing, he healed within minutes. Twenty minutes passed since the attack began. Why wasn't he healed?
More screams filled the silence.
"He's been poisoned with iron. He can't heal on his own."
"What do we do?"
"We need a car. Now."
Shit.
I stood up. How was I going to find a car? My grandmother's was still sitting in the driveway, useless. I could call Angela, but that might take more time than we could spare.
"Liam," I called.
"Master is not here, ma'am. May I help you?" I looked up to see Tobias, the vampire from Liam's training room. He was standing at the gate, like he was there the whole time. He dropped his blue eyes and dipped his head in greeting.
I looked down at Connor. "Can vampire blood heal him?"
"No," Tobias answered. "Vampire blood doesn't help against iron."
My shoulders dropped. "Okay then, we need a car, immediately. Do you have one?"
"No, ma'am, I do not, but I can acquire one for you?" I wasn't sure what he meant by that, but I could guess.
I nodded and Tobias flashed out of sight.
Shadow screamed again and Connor said, "Get me a blanket, Aisling. I need to wrap him up." Then he touched the black blood coming from Shadow's wound and sniffed it. "Is that antifreeze?"
Before he could say anything else, I ran inside the house and snatched up the Native American blanket hanging over the arm of the couch, trying not to think about his question.
Just breathe, Aisling.
The blanket smelled like Connor, and I breathed it in, willing my nerves to calm.
When I felt like I was in control again, I looked out the opening where the front door once stood. The vintage yellow Volkswagen Beetle, belonging to the old woman that lived down the street, sped around the corner and screeched to a stop in front of the house. Tobias left the engine running and sped off to the backyard.
I ran back outside and handed the blanket to Connor, then turned to Tobias.
The vampire stood a few feet away and spoke, "Ma'am, a car is waiting for you out front. I will make sure the owner understands your immediate need to borrow it and compensate them for their trouble."
"Um, don't kill her or do anything that would otherwise harm her."
He grinned at me and winked. "No, of course not," he said.
I shook my head, surprised by how human he looked.
"I'll take care of everything here," he said and disappeared from sight.
Connor bent down and said, "Listen, buddy, I don't know if you can hear me, but we're going to get you some help. Don't bite me, alright?" He tucked the blanket under Shadow and heaved him up.
My eyes widened.
Jesus, but Connor was strong. 
Shadow outweighed him by more than fifty pounds. The strain in his muscles was obvious as his arms trembled.
I knew that struggle. I saw it on George in the diner plenty of times. I couldn't let him carry the weight by himself, so I focused on Shadow and raised my hand.
My magic took the weight of Shadow's body as another scream tore from his chest.
"That's not fair," Connor grinned.
"I've got this," I told him.
We managed to maneuver the bulky white wolf into the Beetle without any issues. Shadow dwarfed the already tiny car and took up the entire back seat.
As Shadow's screaming filled the silence once more, Connor slipped into the passenger seat and said, "Take us to a vet."
Chapter 38



When Connor said doctors for were-animals, I never realized he meant actual veterinarians. I imagined some seedy building with overused and old medical equipment stashed into a tiny, dingy room. There was still so much I needed to learn.
By the time we made it to Nashville's only vet hospital, there were too many people around to risk using my magic to carry the unconscious werewolf. "Jesus, he's heavy," Connor hissed as he struggled to hold Shadow's weight.
Screams preceded us into the building and the young woman wearing Snoopy scrubs behind the counter looked up from her computer. She called out, "Doctor!" and hurried around the desk. "What happened?"
I wasn't sure what to say. Did she know about werewolves, too? "Um."
"We need the vet, now," Connor answered for me. The strain in his voice was obvious.
The woman turned around and ran through the white double doors that led to the rest of the building.
Turning around, I lifted as much of Shadow's weight as I could. "Thanks," Connor breathed as the shaking in his muscles lessened.
My eyes dropped to Shadow's sightless, light brown eyes. They were glaring at me and black bile oozed from his mouth as he screamed again.
Oh, god.
"Aisling, look at me," Connor said.
My breathing increased as I fixated on the blackness dripping from Shadow's mouth.
"Aisling!"
I looked up.
"Focus on me. Just breathe."
My eyes stayed locked with his and I forced myself to breathe in and breathe out.
When I felt like myself again, I said, "Okay."
He nodded as the double doors swung open.
A man wearing a lab coat and blue scrubs stepped out with the woman in Snoopy scrubs.
"What happened," the man in the lab coat asked, his salt and pepper hair flopped over his forehead as he walked. Through his graying goatee, I could tell by the look on his face he knew that Shadow was a werewolf.
"He was stabbed, we think," Connor said.
"Come this way," he said and turned around, leading us through the double doors.
I could smell antiseptic, and it fit in with the stark medical facility much better than a vampire training room. Row after row of lit fluorescent lights cast a harsh light over everything. There were task lights at the desks that scattered along the walls, and special medical lights that added more illumination to the space.
"Put him on the table," the doctor said, nodding toward the large steel table in the middle of the room as he pulled on some latex gloves.
Connor and I carried Shadow to the table and laid him down, trying not to jostle him too much in the process.
"I'm Doctor Roberts," he said as he pulled his stethoscope off the instrument table, and put them to his ears. "Unwrap him, please."
Once Shadow was uncovered, Roberts said, "Big fella," eyeing us with an unspoken question. It didn't escape my notice that his eyes lingered on my chest for longer than necessary.
In a sudden flash of self-consciousness, I looked down. I forgot that I wasn't wearing a bra. Or a jacket. 
God, but my turquoise shirt didn't leave much to the imagination. 
I crossed my arms.
"Yes," Connor answered.
"What was he stabbed with?"
"We don't know," he replied as Shadow began screaming again. "The wound smells like antifreeze, I can't figure out the rest."
If iron wasn't present to slow the healing, the antifreeze wouldn't affect Shadow. But then again, it was Martin's calling card. I still couldn't understand why his people were trying to kill me when he wanted my power. It wasn't as though my power would do him any good if I was dead.
"Okay, where is the wound?" Roberts asked, pulling me out of my thoughts.
Connor lifted Shadow's leg and pointed, "Here."
Roberts pulled a penlight out of his lab coat and clicked it on. With a long cotton swab he grabbed from the instrument table, he stepped next to Connor. He leaned in and pushed the bloodied fur away from the wound with his gloved fingers. "Hold him, please. I don't want him to bite me."
I closed my eyes and held Shadow's head. Whispering into his ear, I let him know that we were there, helping him, and that he'd be okay. His scream faded away and I opened my eyes and kept them on the men in front of me.
Leaning in with the penlight, Roberts inspected the wound. "Well, it wasn't a knife that did this," he said and then used the cotton swab to take a sample of the black blood at the surface.
"What did?" Connor asked.
"Icepick, maybe?" he responded. "The wound is round but narrow." He sniffed the swab and his eyebrows rose in surprise. "There's enough antifreeze in there to suggest it was an injection of some kind."
The swab was stuffed into a bag and set to the side before Roberts bent forward for another look. "Looks like he has something wedged in there." He grabbed some long, narrow forceps from the instrument table. "Let me see if I can't get it out without doing surgery."
The forceps slipped several inches inside and Shadow screamed again.
Swallowing, I leaned back down and spoke low in the wolf's ear, while I rubbed his favorite spot. "Shadow, buddy. We're getting you fixed up now. Just relax. Just relax," I repeated the last two words for emphasis and his scream died away.
"You have a knack with animals, miss," Roberts said without looking away. His forehead creased in concentration and his lips pressed into a thin line. "There! I got it."
The forceps oozed with black blood and the sickly-sweet smell of maple syrup burned my nose.
"That's antifreeze all right," Roberts coughed. There was something small clamped in the forceps. It looked like a little bullet.
As I looked closer, the blood drained from my face. 
A faint black glow surrounded it. 
I touched Connor's arm, catching his attention.
His eyes flashed up to mine and I took a deliberate look at the object as the doctor turned it under the light, oblivious to our wordless exchange.
When Connor saw it, his jaw clenched and his shoulders slumped. His eyes flickered back to mine and he shook his head by a fraction. The movement was so subtle, I almost missed it. Not here, the gesture promised. 
"Your friend should be fine now," the doctor said, clapping Connor on the shoulder. He added, in a low voice I could still hear, "Take care of that girl too, she is a fine piece."
Anger washed over me. That was beyond inappropriate.
Connor's jaw clenched and green flared in his aura, but he said nothing.
Roberts walked off through the double doors and approached the woman in Snoopy scrubs, "Lucy, please analyze this and tell me what it is at once." The doors closed behind him.
"How long will it take for him to heal?" I asked Connor.
"It depends on how much damage it caused, but probably not more than a day."
"Okay," Roberts pushed through the doors, "we can keep him here until he's able to move around on his own. I'll give him fluids in the meantime."
"Thank you," I said, politeness winning out over my anger. After all, he did save Shadow.
Connor kept his eyes on the wolf, but even without that pulsating, emerald glow around him, I could see his anger. I was willing to bet he wanted to hurl some choice words at the vet.
He waved his hand as if to say, it's just my job. But there was something about him that told me he was helping out of necessity, not choice. Yet, at the same time, he wanted to keep Shadow.
Something didn't sit right with me.
"May we have a moment with him?"
"I'm afraid not," he shook his head. "He needs fluids."
My stomach flipped at his words. That didn't seem normal to me. "Two minutes," I said with more venom in my voice. Connor looked up at me, his forehead creasing in confusion.
The doctor nodded and walked out, but he eyed us through one of the door's windows.
I stepped over to Connor as if I needed comfort. He turned to me, his back blocking the vet's view from us. I hugged him and whispered, "Is it possible for a neutral to choose a side?" Then I pulled back to look at him.
His eyebrows rose, "You think—"
I nodded, "He doesn't look happy to be treating Shadow. But he wants to keep him and get us out of here at the same time." I shook my head. "I've got a bad feeling about leaving him here."
"Alright, we'll take him with us," he whispered without hesitation.
I blinked.
Up until that moment, I didn't grasp how much Connor loved me. Trusted me. Completely. And without question.
Before I could say anything else, Roberts came back into the room. "What are you doing?" he asked, pausing.
Connor was busy wrapping Shadow in the blanket. "Sorry, doc. We're going to take him with us."
"He'll be safe here, I assure you," he held out his hands and took careful steps toward us.
"Thank you, but no," Connor said and then spoke to me. "Babe, get the car ready."
At first, I wondered why he didn't use my name. He never called me Babe before. And then I knew. Connor was trying to keep our names a secret. I looked at the men as they stared at each other, hoping the vet wouldn't do anything stupid, and then I walked out to the car.
The car's engine was running by the time Connor appeared. "Thanks for your help, doc," he called out behind him.
When the quiet werewolf was settled into the back of the Beetle, I backed out of the space.
"Do you know somewhere we can go that will be hidden and hard for the MDM to find us?" Connor asked.
"Yes, I do," I said, and turned onto State Road 135 heading away from town.
Chapter 39



The log cabin was nestled inside the park on private property. The one-lane dirt driveway was hidden from the park's main road so well, I needed to turn around in the stolen Beetle and go back because I missed it.
As soon as the last tire left the pavement, it was like we entered a fairy tale. It was the kind of place to escape. To forget the rest of the world.
The little cabin wasn't rented often, even during the busy fall season. Not many people wanted to be quite that lost.
Lucky for us, we did. I would take the cabin any day over trying to live with Liam in his Castle au Ego. That expensive place was unsettling enough as it was.
I navigated through the bumpy terrain, afraid the jerks and shudders of the car would hurt the unconscious werewolf, but he stayed silent, unmoving.
As I slowed to a stop in front of the small building, a pair of rocking chairs swayed in the breeze, looking dwarfed under the big canopy of the front porch. A single ceiling fan hung above the chairs, but it wasn't on. It was a perfect place to curl up in a warm blanket and read a good book while the sun went down.
That was why I loved it as soon as I saw it.
"How did you know about this place?" Connor asked as we stepped out of the car.
"I found it while I was wandering on my birthday," I smiled, staring up at the cabin. "I didn't know anything about it at the time, but it was so well hidden and ... peaceful. It was like it was built here ages ago and then forgotten."
Connor's aura swirled with purple as he pulled me into his arms. "Tell me more," he whispered and kissed the top of my head.
I sighed and closed my eyes. "The cabin is a bastion to the past. The heritage of a town turned into a place for tourists instead of remaining a place people called home for the pleasure of the land. It was built for hunters to find warmth and shelter and it's the last remaining of its kind. Even now, it doesn't measure up to what it once was."
"That is so beautiful, Aisling. I've wanted to hear you tell a story like that since you told me you were a writer." He kissed my head again. "This is perfect. You are perfect."
"You can ask me to tell you a story anytime. But thank you." I smiled. "Ready to get him inside?"
"You want me to get him?"
Pulling away, I shook my head. "He's too heavy," I grinned. "You might break your hip or something."
His eyes narrowed and his aura shifted from purple to light blue. "Are you saying I'm old?"
I chuckled, "No, I wouldn't dare." I put my hands on his face.
The humor in his eyes faded and his aura turned to pink. "I can carry him, Connor. Why should you struggle to do it when I can use my magic?"
"You sure?"
"I'm positive."
"You are nothing short of amazing, you know that?" he said with orange mixing in his aura. His hands touched my face, and he gave me a quick, heated kiss.
Then he stepped aside. The promising heat in his gaze made me feel raw and exposed. It promised more than words and I shivered in response.
Taking a deep breath, I closed my eyes and felt my magic wrap around Shadow in a comforting embrace. While I followed the hovering mass of white wolf and blanket into the little cabin, Connor shut the door behind us, locked it, flipped the deadbolt, and slid the chain into place.
The ceiling, walls, and floor were all wood, and the dark tones made the cabin seem smaller, yet cozier than I imagined. A big, ratty green rug sat on the floor in front of the couch, and a tiny television was perched in the corner.
But it was the fireplace that stole the show. It was massive, dwarfing everything with dark-toned river rocks that looked like they were scorched by flames countless times over the past century and a half.
The kitchen opened to the living area and a small table with two chairs sat behind the couch. Wood cabinets in the kitchen blended with the rest of the cabin and the only things that looked out of place were the stainless-steel fridge and stove that sat on the wall by the bathroom on the left. To the right of the kitchen, a door led out to the back of the small cabin.
The bedroom was next to the bathroom. I could see the king-size bed through the door on my left, piled high with fluffy blankets and pillows, and from what I could see, it took up almost the entire space in the room.
With Shadow safely resting on the couch, I released my magic. "You'll be alright soon, buddy," I whispered and ran my hands through his fur.
Of all the things that happened, Shadow's suffering felt the worst. Sure, Connor's brush with death was beyond terrifying, but he was gone for a few, agonizing moments. Shadow was hurt over six hours before, and he remained unconscious. That weight hung on my chest like a boulder.
Connor scratched the top of Shadow's head, and his other hand squeezed my shoulder. "Come on, let's let him rest."
Standing up, I asked, "Are you sure he'll be alright?"
His fingers laced with mine and he led me to the bathroom. "Yes. As soon as the vet took out the iron ore, he stopped screaming. He's improving, Aisling."
It reminded me of the sinister black glow that surrounded it. "What about the iron ore?"
"I'm guessing it was spelled to enhance the effects, as if it were much bigger than it really was. Such a small piece shouldn't have been so traumatic. It took a while to take hold too, that's why he wasn't showing signs he was hurt before the witches knocked him out."
I flipped on the light, closed the bathroom door, and kicked off my boots. "Look, can I just say something?"
"Of course, you don't have to ask."
"I love you," I breathed.
"You had to ask me to say that?" he grinned, stepping toward me.
"It's true. You agreed with me about the vet. You didn't hesitate. And I finally realized how much you would have to love me and trust me to do that." I shrugged, "I mean, how could you trust me when I can't even trust myself?"
Warm fingers brushed my cheek. "I do love you. One hundred percent. No going back. With that, comes trust. You sensed something was off and you trusted yourself enough to say something. I had no reason to doubt you. I will always follow your lead. No matter where it takes us." His kiss was gentle and quick. Then he stepped back. His shirt and boots were discarded on the floor a moment later.
God, but he looked good.
I bit my lip. "I also want to say that I'm sorry."
His lips twitched and his eyes narrowed. Humor and desire swirled in his aura.
I laughed, "I'm kidding, Connor. That's the thing." I stepped forward and touched his face. "My grandmother died so I could be Earthen. Shadow almost died. You did die. You have done so much for me. Despite all that's happened, you're still here. You're still fighting for me. I wish we didn't have so much working against us, but we do. So, do I feel bad for all the shit that's happened? Of course. Am I sorry for them? No." My voice softened, "Because I have you."
Connor didn't speak. Instead, he smiled and pushed me back into the bathroom door with his body. 
Then, his mouth claimed mine in a fierce kiss that seared through me like molten lava.
Chapter 40



I was on fire.
Trapped between Connor's long, hard body and the bathroom door, my hands were pinned above my head by twin iron grips that burned me. My breasts throbbed from the sweet agonizing pressure against his chest and it forced a gasp from my lips. The sweet, scorching ache deep in my belly grew.
His mouth moved. Tongue teasing with a delicate touch. But it only succeeded in increasing my desire. I wanted more of him.
All of him.
I tried to move my arms, but he wouldn't let me go. He crossed my wrists and bound them with one hand. Fire moved down my arm as his hand traveled over my skin, boiling me through the soft cotton of my shirt — oh god! — before his hand slid up under the hem of my shirt, searing my skin once more.
The force of his body against mine lessened enough to allow his hand to claim my breast. I cried out into his mouth when he began a slow tease of my nipple.
His hesitant kiss remained the same. And it succeeded in fueling more desire than it sated me. It was a combination of searing passion and gentle caress.
God, why won't he kiss me like the world depends on it?
My body was torn. Part of me wanted Connor tighter against me, so I couldn't move. Couldn't breathe anything but him. Couldn't do anything but feel him. Everywhere. The other wanted to writhe, arching her back into the delicious touch of his fingers. Wanted him. Right then and there.
A hiss escaped me when he tore his mouth away and trailed hot, searing kisses down the line of my jaw. His breath against my ear made me curl my toes. "You have no idea how happy I am to hear you say you're not sorry," he whispered. Then he bit me.
If it wasn't for his body pinning me against the door, I would have fallen in a heap of liquefied limbs.
He let go of my breast and grabbed my ass, pulling me closer to him and god, but I could feel him. He was hard and ready. Then his teeth grazed the sensitive flesh at the curve of my neck.
"Connor," I begged. I wanted my arms. I wanted him to restrain me more. I wanted whatever I could get from him. "Please."
"What do you want, Aisling?" he growled into my neck and pressed me harder into the door with his body.
Images flashed through my mind in quick succession and each of them made me feel like exploding from thinking about them.
Each one was as appealing as the last. I wanted him on the floor. Against the wall. On my hands and knees. Anywhere. However. I just wanted him.
"I want you. Oh god, please. I want you," I cried breathlessly. I didn't know if it was a whisper or a scream.
"What do you want, Aisling?" he repeated. His thumb traced my lower lip and my eyes rolled back.
I said the only thing I could think of. "Show me how much you want me. Before I explode," I said with more vehemence.
He shook his head, "Sorry, not good enough." Little puffs of breath prickled against the heated skin on my neck. "What do you want?" he asked again. Then his mouth claimed mine in the same forceful, yet gentle kiss once more.
How did Connor expect me to answer him when I couldn't talk? He let go of my wrists and moved his other hand to my face, snaking his fingers behind my head, pulling me closer for a deeper kiss.
Oh god, yes.
That was the kiss I was aching for.
Without pulling my mouth away from his, I pushed him back into the wall.
He thudded against it and lifted me up. I wrapped my legs around his hips and ground against him. He turned, pinning me with his body again. The pressure rubbed me deliciously and I cried out into his mouth.
Desperate hands fisted a handful of Connor's hair. Needing more.
"What do you want?" he panted.
"I don't know what you want me to say," I responded in frustration. "I want you however I can have you. In the shower, on the floor, in the bedroom, up against the wall — oh god!" his hips ground against me, sending jolts straight through me. My words came in a rush as I struggled to form sentences. "I want you inside me. I want you in my mouth. I want you. I don't care how. I just want it." I was going to explode if he didn't stop.
"What do you—"
I dropped my legs and shoved him. The door thumped as he impacted it. He grinned and I lunged into him, kissing him deep and frantic. I pushed his pants past his hips in a fury, then yanked his head back and my mouth closed over his Adam's apple.
Then I wrapped my fist around him and he pulsed in response to my touch. The moan that escaped from deep in his chest rumbled against my mouth. The vibrations made my lips tingle. My breasts ache. And luscious throbs began deep in my belly.
My mouth and tongue worked down his body until I was on my knees. With my eyes locked on his, I took him in my mouth. His hips bucked at the same time the salty flavor of his skin erupted on my tongue.
My nails dragged down the front of his hips and he let out a shaky moan, arching toward me. His head thumped against the door behind him, holding my head in his hands. "Aisling," he warned, breathless.
I leaned my head back, letting him slide out of my mouth with a slow, wet pop. "Just breathe, Connor," I grinned devilishly. Then, I took him again, taking as much of him as I could, all at once.
"Sonofabitch," he hissed. Then breathlessly, "Ah, stop." He leaned in, teasing me with his gaze, and forced me backward while he dropped to his knees.
When I was on my back, he pushed up my shirt. I arched up toward him and I grabbed the back of his neck. His mouth wasn't on mine. I needed his mouth more than I needed air.
Instead of kissing me, he sucked, nibbled, and licked my nipple in an agonizing torture before he moved to the other. His hands opened my jeans and he slid his fingers inside.
I grabbed his arm and my hips started moving on their own. "Oh god, Connor."
A whimper escaped me when his fingers froze and pulled away to remove my pants. My mouth watered with anticipation and I pulled off my shirt.
Then I pulled him down, and he kissed me with the same unbearable, yet hesitant kiss. It did nothing but burn me hotter.
I didn't care that we were on the bathroom floor. Didn't care how we did it. All I cared about was him.
Nothing else.
But he pulled away and shook his head. "I'm not going to make love to you on the floor of a bathroom, Aisling."
"Then where?" I panted, the frustration of denial overwhelming my senses. "You have five seconds to figure that out or I'm not going to care if we're still on the floor. And I swear to god, Connor, if you ask me that question again I'm going to make sure you live to regret it."
"What. Do. You—"
His question cut off and he grinned at me as magic flowed from me and lifted him to his feet. His jeans were pushed the rest of the way down his body by the force of my power while I took in the view. He stepped out of them and water turned on in the shower behind me, steam rising a moment later.
Connor watched me. Through his heavy breaths, the desire coming from him was unmistakable. It practically rolled off him in waves of scorching heat.
His body thrummed with nothing but sexual need. His aura was a fiery red that made me think of a thousand setting suns blazing across the horizon. I didn't know how he was able to stay away from me. "What do you want, Aisling?"
Red filled my vision, but I wasn't angry. I was frustrated.
Beyond comprehension.
The passion. The need. All for him. It caused me to boil over. My blood turned to lava and my bones were branded with his name.
"Why are you doing this?" I cried and crashed into him.
I didn't remember standing up. Didn't remember moving my feet.
But I didn't care.
In one flash of inhuman speed, I wrapped my arms around his shoulders and lifted myself off the floor. My knees hit the wall on either side of his waist, and I used the contact as leverage as I impaled myself on him. Taking him to the hilt.
Our moans filled the air.
"Are you going to behave now?" I breathed, staring at his mouth.
"I don't know what you want," he grinned and magic erupted from me, moving us both to the shower.
My back pressed against cold tile, but it heated in an instant, burning me while hot water washed over us. The droplets slid over my skin in a sensual caress.
"Nail me to the wall, Connor," the thousand voices growled. The sound was foreign. Pure, carnal passion and need.
Connor hammered in and out of me, as I demanded. He wasn't gentle, but he wasn't rough either. He still wasn't close enough to me.
"Please," I cried, gripping his shoulders.
"What do you want, Aisling?" he gritted as he spoke, trying to hold on to his control.
"More," the voices erupted from me and I buried my face in his neck, licking and sucking him.
Connor pinned me tighter to the wall with his body.
"More," the voices moaned.
He slammed into me with the force of a freight train with a grind on each thrust.
Words I didn't recognize flew out of my mouth as the thousand voices pushed Connor on. And he moved faster. Harder. Sensing the wave coming with the force of an atomic bomb.
The water turned to liquid ice. The light above the sink exploded into sparks and raining glass. And I shattered around him with the most intense orgasm I ever experienced. Screaming right along with the thousand voices. Until there was nothing left but him.
He slowed his pace, keeping his gaze on me as he let the waves wash over me. A slow, in and out motion that did nothing but return the heat within me with a vengeance.
When my orgasm faded to a more manageable level, Connor moaned again. "You are so tight when you come. It feels so good."
I pushed my hips down, increasing the contact, while he held me, like I demanded, nailed to the wall. "You have no idea how good this feels," I moaned.
Thrust by thrust, his speed increased, driving us higher until the screams of those voices echoing with mine erupted as another release washed over me, and he followed with his own.
Connor's knees buckled as the waves receded, but my magic held him in place. He smiled into my neck, and his breathing slowed to a less dangerous level. "You did it, Aisling," he chuckled.
"What did I do?"
He laughed as he leaned back to look at me. "You unleashed your power."
Son of a bitch, but he was right.
My eyes narrowed. "You did that on purpose didn't you?"
Connor lifted his head in a nod, still panting. "Yep."
"That's not fair."
"Maybe not," he chuckled, "but would you have unleashed like that if I told you my plan?"
That was a good point. 
Would I? 
"I don't know."
"Right. Since your feelings for me overpower everything else — and because you don't hide your feelings from me, either — I thought if I provoked you, you'd be less likely to hold back. That's when I thought if I held back just enough, maybe it would drive you crazy. I just hoped it would be enough. I didn't want to take the chance that you would react differently by telling you."
"I think I like your method much better than Liam's."
"I thought you might." He smiled. "You know something? Your eyes turned white this time."
"Really?"
He nodded, "Your eyes must change depending on your emotion." He shivered, "Can we get out now? It's cold."
The magic in the room faded away and I stood. The water heated again and Connor took a step back, letting it wash over him. Warm him.
He pulled me in with him and let it wash over me, too. His thumbs caressed my cheeks. Eyes searching mine.
Dripping curls were stuck to my skin, but he made no attempt to push them away. Orange and red swirled around him. "You are amazing."
I smiled and kissed his palm. "Do you have any other tricks up your sleeve you're not telling me about? Because I can't exactly fight people with my lust. That would be a little strange."
"Yes, it would," he said with a faint laugh. "It's just a starting point. And I'm not telling, it'll ruin it." He turned off the shower and grabbed a towel, shaking away any shards that landed on it from the shattered light.
Beginning with my hair, he squeezed the drops from them. The towel moved over my face, making sure my swollen lips were extra dry. The sensation made my knees weak, and I didn't need to see my aura to know what he was doing to me. My eyes were hooded as he worked his way down, taking his time. I was sure no drops escaped his notice.
By the time I was dry, my eyes were closed and I was panting. I opened my eyes as Connor straightened.
Magic seeped from me and pushed the broken pieces of glass into the corner like an invisible broom.
Beads of water glistened on his skin, and all I wanted to do was taste every drop with my tongue.
He stood in front of me, his dark hair wet, but still falling in curtains around his face. His deep brown eyes held my gaze, and his red aura wasn't the only clue that he still wanted me. He was ready again.
The towel fell to the floor, forgotten. His muscles rippled under his skin with each movement, but he wasn't ripped like a bodybuilder. When he used his muscles, they were visible and felt just as good as they looked. He was far sexier to me than anything I ever saw before. And I was about to explode just looking at him.
"Bedroom," I breathed. I took Connor's outstretched hand and he yanked me to him with a pull of his strong arm.
His kiss was insatiable. When he wanted me frustrated, he held back. Teasing me. The intensity in his kiss was what I wanted before. Too soon, he pulled away and reached down.
My hands weren't at my sides. They were both wrapped around his hardened flesh, working it in my grip. His hands found my wrists and pulled me away. His eyes rolled back with a groan.
We walked naked from the bathroom toward the bedroom. When we made it halfway, a wheeze followed by a cough filled the silence. But it didn't come from the man in front of me.
I froze. Connor hissed, “Shit,” and spun around, blocking me from the werewolf's view.
Sweet Jesus, but Shadow just saw me naked. 
I flushed and buried my face in Connor's chest.
He wrapped his arms around my shoulders, shaking with laughter. "Shit, Shadow, we didn't know you were awake," he said and pushed me back toward the bathroom.
With his body blocking the doorway, he let me go. "Grab some towels, hmm?" Connor whispered as his lips twitched. His aura swirled with light blue and red.
I grabbed a towel from the shelf and handed it to him. When it was wrapped around his waist, he turned around, "How are you feeling, buddy?"
A yip came from the living area. I wasn't sure if that sound said, "I'm feeling better," or, "not so much."
Connor glanced over his shoulder to make sure I was covered to his liking and stepped out of the doorway.
I followed him out, but I couldn't see Shadow.
With a slight chuckle, Connor said, "It's alright. We're covered."
A white wolf head poked out from behind the opposite end of the couch. His aura was purple and light blue.
At least he wasn't horrified.
"You okay?" I asked.
Shadow nodded, as much as a wolf could nod, anyway, and jumped up on the couch with a pained wheeze.
"That sounds like it still hurts a little. It's getting better, though, right?" I asked.
The wolf took his time as he sat down. And then, he dipped his head in another nod. But I caught the longing look in his eyes as he gazed at the door.
Shadow was hard to read with that purple showing in his aura, and it was a rarity to see anything else. Either he was careful with his emotions, or he didn't feel much other than calm contentment. But his actions gave him away. That was one of the reasons we fell into an easy friendship. I caught the small details.
For once, my apology was warranted. I sighed, "I'm sorry, Shadow."
Connor narrowed his eyes at me, but I ignored him.
"I'm not exactly thrilled by the fact that you saw us and no doubt heard us, but I don't think it's a good idea for you to be outside until you're better. I don't want you to get hurt again."
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Connor shake his head. His amazement blazed into his aura with a brilliant orange glow above his humor and desire.
Intelligent wolf eyes stared back at me with sprinkles of orange in his aura for a moment before it cleared to his default color, purple.
"I'm glad you're alright, buddy. I really am, but ... we've got some...," Connor glanced at me again with a raised brow in challenge, "business to attend to."
Shadow snorted and buried his head under the blanket.
I was too busy laughing at Shadow to see Connor move. My laugh cut off with a squeal as he tossed me over his shoulder and carried me to the bedroom.
Chapter 41



Connor kicked the door closed as he dropped me on the bed. His forgotten towel fell to his feet, revealing he was still erect and ready.
I pulled off mine and scooted back on the bed. The sheets were soft on my skin and felt like cool pearls sliding across me in all the right places.
Advancing up the bed after me with all the grace of a lion as it stalked a gazelle, he crawled toward me.
I shivered, but stayed sitting up so I could watch him move.
He kept moving, crawling between my legs, arms moving around me until his face was right in front of mine.
That left me with two options: stay sitting, and hold my ground, or fall back into the pillows. I chose the former, reaching up and combing his wet hair from his face until it was smoothed back. Then I pulled him to my mouth.
My arms wrapped around his neck and my body arched up to meet him. Needing to feel his body against mine.
But he didn't move toward me. I pulled at him. And writhed. At last, I gave up and dropped into the soft pillows, sighing in frustration. "You're not being fair."
He smirked but didn't respond. Instead, his head dipped and he pulled one sensitive nipple into his mouth.
My eyes closed as the sensation sent jolts through me.
Then his fingers plunged inside.
I cried out, arching my hips into his hand and held the back of his head. The dual sensation of his warm, wet tongue sliding over my nipple and his fingers moving inside me drove me wild.
With one, final, slow, agonizing lick, he lifted his head and looked at me. His fingers found my clitoris and circled it with agonizing slowness.
I shuddered and moaned at the same time, refusing to take my eyes off his. My hand shot out and gripped his wrist, a silent plea for more.
Connor froze and growled, "What are you going to do about it?"
My vision turned red and I forgot what I was upset about. Magic erupted from me and I knocked his hand away and pushed him on his back in one swift motion.
Magic pulled Connor's arms over his head and held them there with invisible shackles, giving me free rein over his body.
And, oh, do I have plans for you.
I licked down his neck and took my time over his Adam's apple, loving the groan that vibrated against my mouth.
By the time I finished, I was determined to make him scream in pleasure. I trailed my mouth down his chest, letting my breasts slide over him as I moved, and captured each nipple with slow, wet circles, before moving down his abdomen.
His head pushed back into the pillow when I diverted to his hip and bit him, just like he bit me several times before. He arched up and his muscles rippled as he tried to pull his hands free from my magic.
"Careful now, or I'll just have to hold you down," I warned. Then added, "Everywhere," with those eerie thousand voices.
He stopped struggling and grinned at me, flexing his hands. "I'm going to get you for this," he warned.
I counted on it.
Two can play at this game.
I continued to tease down past his hips and moved to his inner thighs, before I went to the other hip.
Connor's groan of frustration turned into a shaky moan of pleasure when my teeth caught him. "Aisling," he warned with a rush of air.
"You shouldn't have teased me, Connor. It's time for payback," the thousand voices promised. I sat back on my knees, raking my nails from his hips down his inner thighs and up again.
He moaned and arched up to meet my touch, biting his lip. I could see the sweat on his forehead and he was breathing harder. And I wasn't even touching him yet.
I leaned forward and my mouth closed around him. His hips bucked and a cry hissed from his lips. I slid my tongue over his most sensitive spot, then took him deeper.
"Holy shit," he hissed and continued to writhe under my mouth.
Raking my nails up his abs and over his chest made his hips push harder upward. "Aisling," he moaned. It was a prayer. It was a benediction. It was a pure, carnal desire for release.
And it was all for me.
But I wasn't finished yet.
My mouth moved faster, my tongue catching that sensitive spot with each stroke.
Heaving with fast breaths, he shuddered, "That's it. Yes!" as the wave threatened. I slipped my mouth away in time, denying him.
When his breathing slowed a fraction, he whimpered, "You're killing me, Aisling." I wrapped my hand around him and he jerked, "Oh god, please," he gasped.
"No," the voices said, and I replaced my hand with my mouth.
He cried out, arching his body off the bed. But he didn't come. I moved my mouth and his cries faded as he both pushed into my mouth and fought the coming orgasm. "Please," he begged, and I pulled away.
Using my increased speed to my advantage, I flashed forward and sheathed him to the hilt in the next instant.
A scream of pleasure exploded from his lips. I dropped the hold on his arms and began to move, fucking him in a slow, steady rhythm, so he could feel every inch of me as he filled me.
He sat up, bracing one arm behind him and the other around my hip, grinding against me.
I moved faster as Connor's breaths became more rapid. His aura was boiling over. I grabbed his face and kissed him, hard, crying out into his mouth with my own pleasure.
His hips moved with another agonizing grind and I came, hard and fast. The thousand voices screamed his name and he collapsed to the bed, calling out mine at the same time as he fell over the edge after me.
Chapter 42



We went hard and fast, broke knickknacks and various items throughout the room. We took our time, enjoying every caress, every brush of lips.
Each time, I unleashed my magic.
And each time, it was easier.
We went until exhaustion hit me, just before the sun went down. I collapsed on the bed and couldn't muster up the energy to move.
I wanted nothing more than to keep exploring, discovering what could drive Connor wild, but my muscles wouldn't cooperate.
Connor chuckled, pulled the covers out from under me, and laid down next to me. I snuggled into his arms and the scent of wood smoke surrounded me.
His scent.
He was on my skin. Inside me. Everywhere. My head rested in my favorite spot over his heart and I drifted as he spoke to me in a steady rhythm.
I lived for moments like those. The gentle caresses, the low tenor of his voice that still made his chest rumble in a way that sent tingles across my body. If I died in that moment, I would go feeling happy, sated, and content.
How did I live all those years without him?
What was the difference between how I felt as an Earthen, and what he felt? He was everything to me. Everything I ever wanted. Everything I ever needed.
I breathed, "Connor."
"I love you, too," he whispered back to me and kissed the top of my head just before sleep took me away.

I blinked, watching the night sky. The trees swayed in the bitter wind and looked like they could devour me at any second. Their whispers carried through the air as they talked amongst themselves, arguing about who would eat certain parts of me, and I shivered.
My vision blurred in the next instant until a dim, amber glow grew brighter, revealing itself as a tiny flame flickering within a lantern light, casting shadows onto the concrete walls and steps that moved up behind me. I knew where I was. My grandmother's rune was at the top of those darkened steps.
The copper door swung open above me and Liam appeared, wearing the same expensive suit and blood-red tie. His eyes were wild, searching. "They are coming for you," his voice called.
Everything faded away, and I heard him roar into the darkness before his voice faded from my hearing, too. But I couldn't make out what he tried to say.
Another blink and my vision returned, revealing a familiar building. The old brick home that was converted to a business. A fire crackled in the hearth inside and I approached, floating over the ground toward it. There were four people crowded around a woman, wearing the same purple paisley shirt I remembered seeing before.
The logo on the window pane obscured my vision and I couldn't see her face, but I knew who she was. She was scared, I could feel it, yet she cast no aura to validate it. Her terror filled the air with humidity, and it felt sticky, like sweat against my exposed skin. And then the taste of a sweet, overripe plum exploded on my tongue, sending jolts through my jaw.
She was human. I didn't understand what was happening. I couldn't feel or taste emotion. I could see it. But only on those that were other. Never humans.
It dawned on me that I wasn't just dreaming. It was a dream-sight, and a weird one at that. I was surprised I didn't realize it before that moment.
The man on the left shoved a picture in the woman’s face and she flinched. Her mouth moved, but I couldn't hear her. My hands swung at the window, trying to help the frightened woman. But my hands didn't hit the glass. They melted through it, like it was nothing more than a mirage.
Or I was the mirage.
The man with the picture turned. His eyes locked with mine and ice slid down my spine. My mouth went dry, palms sweaty as adrenaline shot through my system. From what I could tell, I wasn't corporeal. It was like I was a ghost.
How can he see me?
Smiling, he pulled his lips away from his teeth, baring them at me.
I blinked and the men towered over me.
The flames of the hearth spiked and popped to my left. I glanced down and saw my purple paisley shirt, torn from the fist that captured it and wrenched me off my chair minutes ago.
I didn't know them. "I'm only a receptionist," I yelled at them again.
How many times did I have to say that?
I didn't know the woman in the picture or what they wanted with her. "Why are you doing this? I've told you everything I know," I cried, but the faces stared down at me without remorse.
Burning with hate, their eyes changed, bled to black. Empty wells of deep, lost depths, and they stopped reflecting the light of the fire.
They devoured it.
I saw death staring back at me from four sets of eyes.
Before I could embrace the terror, their mouths moved in unison and my mind went blank.
Absent tears fell from my eyes, and I forgot what it was like to be afraid. I forgot what it was like to love. Forgot my husband. My little girl. Christmas trees. Presents. Childhood.
Everything fell away until nothing was left but those empty black eyes pulling at me. Ripping me from my body until all I could do was close my eyes and take one final breath.
Then my heart was ripped from my chest.

I gasped and sat up.
My lungs wouldn't open. I couldn't breathe. And my heart was exploding in my chest. I pulled at my neck, grasped my chest, but nothing was there. I scrambled and the floor rose up to meet me as I crashed into it a moment later.
"Aisling!" Connor shouted.
Black threatened my vision, peeking through at the edges. I couldn't pull in air. The pain of my heart was unbearable. It wouldn't mold itself back together.
No. This isn't the way I'm supposed to die.
Connor's face filled what was left of my darkening vision. "Focus, Aisling. Listen to my voice. You're here. You're safe. Just breathe. Just breathe, Aisling."
I remembered his demands to breathe before we made love for the first time. I remembered when he told me he loved me. When we first kissed. The slow-moving magic by the fire. Every night I slept in his arms.
I remembered.
And I breathed.
My lungs opened, and the pain in my chest lessened.
"What happened?" he asked.
I shuddered, filling my lungs with delicious air. 
It was dizzying. 
It was bliss. 
I tried to speak between gasps, "They found us ... we need to ... leave. Now."
Connor stood up and called, "Shadow, we need to move." He helped me to my feet and pulled me to the bathroom. "What did you see?"
"They killed the woman ... the receptionist. They scared her into telling them where we were. They killed her while I was seeing through her." Tears threatened for the innocent woman we met earlier that day. "Why would they kill a human, Connor?"
We put on our clothes in silence. His aura swirled with fear, anger, and sadness for a few moments. Until at last, he shook his head and said, "I don't know."
A red howl ripped through the cabin. To warn us.
The Malleus Dei Maleficarum were coming.
Chapter 43



We ran out the back door as the sound of engines driving up the lane announced their arrival.
Guns raised and ready, they jumped out, moved toward the front door in a familiar militant advancement, and then kicked it in before entering.
Our legs carried us into the cover of the woods. The brush was thick and brambles cut my bare skin as we ran. Shouts rang out for someone to call for backup as they entered the woods not far behind us.
Shadow ran ahead, circled around us, and repeated as we moved deeper into the woods. Faint howls sounded every few moments through the thicket as Connor led us away from the cabin.
I tripped, falling over a log I couldn't see in the darkness under all the branches and rotten leaves. Connor caught me, before my face landed in a thick jumble of a thorn bush, and pulled me to my feet. We started running again. My lungs hurt with every inhalation and I could feel them tightening.
The men were gaining on us, their shouts growing louder.
I didn't know how much longer I could run as my lungs strained against my ribcage. They burned from all the effort to keep myself from passing out.
Gasping for air, I wheezed, "Why can't we ... fight them with ... magic?" The pain grew, spreading outward. I couldn't remember wheezing since I was little. 
God, but what is wrong with me?
"They're coming from all sides. Shadow is trying to lead us away from them. We can't fight them all."
I was too busy trying to stay on my feet, let alone paying attention to what direction we were running. The wheezing in my chest grew louder with each gulp of breath I took.
"Are you alright?"
Lights exploded behind my eyes as I inhaled. I couldn't talk anymore. My chest was hurting again and the muscles in my neck and shoulders were screaming in protest from my efforts to pull in air. "Asthma," I croaked before my knees hit the frozen ground.
"Jesus, Aisling!" Connor gasped.
"Need to ... breathe."
"Can you fight them like this?"
"Can't ... run ... like this."
The men with guns were like bloodhounds on two legs. They knew every turn we made, following with ease. Only magic could guide them with such precision.
Connor helped me to stand as my breathing and heart rate slowed to a more comfortable rate. I was still breathing like we ran a triathlon, but I couldn't do anything about that. At least I stayed conscious.
Small victories.
As the light from the flashlights filtered through the brush, the orbs around our necks lit up with a faint red glow. I turned to face the men, magic rolling off me in waves.
The men stepped into view, and my hands shot out. I dipped my head forward, allowing my hair to curtain my face in darkness.
The curls were wild and frizzy from the day, and I knew how I looked to them. The men at the front of the group stopped when their eyes caught me, standing in front of them like a grim reaper.
"You can't stop us all, bitch," one of the men said. A scar ran horizontally across one side of his face. "There's over a hundred of us," he spat.
"More practice for me," I said. "Come and get me, boys." I smiled at them, and then bullets began to fly.
My hands snapped up on my wrists, palms out, and the bullets froze in the air. They hung there, as if suspended by strings from the trees around us.
More men joined the fray and more guns fired at us. But my magic was too strong, cocooned around Connor and me. Over a dozen faces looked at us. Some amazed. Some marred by fear. Some blank in contemplation on what to use next to try to take my life.
Old, rusty-looking knives flew next, but those were easier to stop than the bullets. I didn't know if those knives were iron or not, but I didn't have time to worry about that.
Shadow howled in warning as he caught the scent of more men approaching us from the opposite direction, pulling my attention away from the men in front of us for an instant.
Scarface tossed something dark into the air at me and I realized, too late, what it was.
On instinct, I flung up an invisible shield, as if I were a Viking in the middle of battle, and the grenade exploded into a mass of immense heat and flame. Most of the men in the front of the group fell back from the shockwave of the blast.
My shield pulsed and shattered, knocking me off my feet so hard, my boots fell off.
Falling into a heap on top of Connor, he scrambled to his feet and helped me up. I was dazed, yet unharmed. But the sharp twigs beneath my feet jabbed through the skin and I could feel blood trickling from the wounds.
The last thing we needed was for the men to decide to suicide bomb themselves and launch their arsenal at me. My magic was strong, but one hit like that was enough to drop me and my shield. What would multiple grenades do?
I didn't want to stay and find out.
As if a light bulb turned on in my head, it all made sense.
Heinrich Kramer's real book, the one that was never published, was full of information. Information about Earthens.
My step-father was a member of the MDM for at least a decade, and he knew all about witches. He knew I could handle myself through defensive magic. Knew what killing would do to me.
Martin was trying to break me before he would kill me. It was always about making me suffer. He wanted me to kill them, because it would hurt me.
That was what he lived for.
Either his men didn't know, or they didn't care, because they wanted me dead.
All I could do was roll with the punches until the war ended, and hope like hell I didn't kill anyone in the process.
How many people were going to end up dead? I didn't want to know. I couldn't imagine the weight I would carry if humans, even members of the MDM, died by my hand, or my magic.
But that wouldn't be the worst part.
Connor would never forgive me if I took a life. Whether or not it would darken me. After what he went through, I wouldn't blame him.
If we stayed in those woods, either they were going to die, or we would.
There was one place I knew we could hide, as much as I hated it. But he lived in secret for over forty years in his underground kingdom. We might stand a chance with him.
"Shadow," I whispered.
The white wolf flashed into view a moment later, moving in a blur.
Ignoring the gasps from the men ahead of us, I turned my head so they couldn't see my face, but I kept my eyes on them. "Go to 482 Orchard Road." I breathed. "I'm going to get us out of here."
The werewolf dipped his head in a nod and sped off into the woods as fast as he arrived.
I turned around and grabbed Connor's arms. "Hold on to me, and no matter what happens, don't let go," I said and closed my eyes. Focusing on our bodies in my mind's eye, the hair on the back of my neck rose and I saw us lift into the air like we were shot out of cannons.
His strong hands gripped my arms tighter and he gasped, "Aisling, we're ... flying."
My orb heated and my eyes opened to see Connor's was lit up in a bright red glow. He noticed it, too. The astonishment on his face faded as a dark object the size of a basketball flew past us and dropped to the ground where we were standing a moment before.
It hit the ground with a thump. 
And then there was a sudden, deafening explosion, blasting outward in a huge ball of flame.
Chapter 44



The shockwave knocked us to the side by a few yards, but not far enough. The massive explosion didn't engulf my bare feet, but the heat still reached them.
It hit me like a thousand separate jolts of electricity on the bottom of my feet, shooting up my legs in a searing, agonizing burn as my flesh sizzled and blistered. I screamed and tears leaked from my eyes.
That moment seemed to drag on forever, before the blast imploded, taking some of the heat with it.
I was amazed I managed to keep us in the air. At some point, while the heat singed my feet, the fabric of Connor's sleeves ended up in my fists. I wondered if I clawed his arms from the intense agony, but I couldn't formulate enough coherent thoughts to ask him. And then I realized he was saying something.
Strong arms encircled me. "Jesus, Aisling. You'll be alright," he said. "You're alright."
Pain still shot up my legs, but the intensity lessened enough that I could focus again. I looked down at the fallen trees. The scorched landscape, burned to black. I could see by the flashlights that more men ran through the woods beneath us. But there was no way the dozen or so men nearest to us survived the explosion.
I closed my eyes and sent my thoughts skyward for whoever watched over humans, to care for the men that perished. No matter who they were, someone would grieve their loss.
Magic was real. Supernaturals were real. And the moon served as our goddess. Those men didn't trust in her power, but I hoped they believed in something. Be it God or something else.
None of them deserved to die.
"I can't believe we're still in the air. You are flying." Connor said in wonder and pulled back a little to look at me.
The blur in my eyes when I opened them wasn't caused by the agony of my charred feet, though they hurt like a bitch. It was from the loss of the men beneath us.
I blinked and tears slipped down my cheeks, allowing me to see again. 
Then, I saw orange and pink glowing around the man in front of me.
To him, I was something to see in the darkness, flying in the air. But I couldn't feel the same awe. Men died. And they didn't deserve it.
"Connor," I breathed, grief rising in my throat.
He shook his head, "Don't, Aisling. We would have died right there with them if you didn't fly us up here. You didn't drop that bomb. You didn't kill them. Don't take the guilt from where it belongs."
I took a deep breath, letting his words sink in. The part of me — the little girl, the one that always took the blame, screamed in pain and slammed her fists into the walls, but I knew he was right. Just like he was right about my mother's death.
The air expelled out of my lungs in a slow stream, and then I breathed in. I could smell Connor and the acrid stench of destruction from below.
It was his fault. Martin's fault. Not mine. He sent them. He wanted them dead. I didn't. They were pawns to him.
The little, broken girl inside me stopped flailing, turned to look at me, and at last, nodded.
"You're right."
"Seriously?" he gasped.
"What?" I asked.
With his dark and brooding appearance, always full of confidence, he looked odd with his jaw hanging open like that. I didn't know what to make of it. "That was two miracles," he smiled.
Moments like that made everything worthwhile. It was rare to see Connor smile so big. But I didn't understand what he meant. It was probably the pain.
As if he understood my confusion, he said, "You didn't apologize and you didn't take the guilt." He beamed at me.
I thought back, before the haze of his smile, past the screaming nerves in my feet, and through everything I said. He was right. I smiled back at him.
He pulled me into his arms and held me in a fierce embrace, "You've beaten him again, Aisling."
I rested my head over his heart and willed us to Orchard Road.

When our feet hit the ground, I cried out in pain as my legs gave out under me. The intense agony of my feet touching the cold, rough pavement was too much for me to bear.
Before I hit the ground, Connor caught me and pulled me up, scooping me into his arms. "I've got you."
I hissed from the lingering pain, worsened by the contact with the pavement. But he distracted me with a quick kiss, a brilliant flash of a smile, and carried me toward Liam's house.
Chapter 45



One second, Liam stood in the entry to his home, bathed in light from behind him, and the next, he was right in front of us. Dangerously close. I flinched, but Connor stopped walking and held his ground. And then I felt the anger rolling off the vampire in waves.
Oh, great. This is going to end well.
I was wedged between a powerful light witch and a pissed-off vampire. 
"What happened?" Liam growled.
"We didn't have a choice. There's nowhere else to go," I said through the pain.
"Are you insane?" Liam looked away from Connor to glare down at me and shook his head. In that one gesture, he looked so ... human. It was enough to make me do a double-take.
"Excuse me?" My anger rose to match his.
"I have asked you several times to stay with me, and you are apologizing for actually taking the invitation. You never should have declined it!"
Connor chuckled, "I think what Aisling is trying to say is that we wouldn't have come, had there been somewhere else to go. As in, you're the last resort, vampire."
"Regardless, you did not answer my question, boy," Liam spat.
The two men glared at each other, and I felt an excess of testosterone rise between them. I was certain they were about to start a pissing contest. With me in the middle. 
Literally.
"Oh, for Christ's sake, guys," I said and rolled my eyes, but they didn't hear me.
"You were supposed to protect her!" Liam shouted.
"If you had any idea what she's done today, you'd thank me. We'd be dead several times over if it weren't for her."
Though I didn't like the fact that they were ignoring me, I appreciated that Connor didn't mention the entire afternoon we spent unleashing my magic.
"That is precisely why I did not want you on your own, you imbecile!"
"Okay, guys, seriously. Put me down and I'll just crawl inside the house. Then you can whip out the rulers and argue all you want." 
My words fell on deaf ears as the men continued to glare at each other for a long moment. "Connor!" I yelled. And then I looked at the vampire, shouting again, "Liam!"
"This is not over, boy," Liam growled, poking his long, pale finger into Connor's chest. Then he stepped aside.
I rested my head against Connor's chest as he carried me to the house. When we made it halfway to the door, his aura shifted to light blue. "Whip out the rulers?" he chuckled and shook his head.
A minute later, he deposited me in one of the red velvet wing chairs in the parlor near the fire.
If the pavement outside was any indication of the pain, I knew I couldn't smear my dirty and charred skin across Liam's expensive Persian rug. It would serve him right for being an ass. Instead, I kept my feet off the floor.
Despite being over ten feet away from the heat, the bottoms of my feet still burned in protest.
Liam towered over me and I glared up at him. "In case you haven't realized, we've had a long day."
Instead of responding, he shook his head and pulled his lips back to reveal twin, needle-sharp fangs that gleamed against the flickering glow of the flames. I thought for a moment he might lunge for me or Connor, but he lifted his hand and bit his wrist, shoving it onto my mouth an instant later.
My hands pushed at him while I attempted to sputter and spit at the contact of Liam's blood, but he wouldn't budge. A brick wall would've had more give.
"You, drink!" Liam gritted.
My eyes flew up to Connor. He grabbed my hand and squeezed it. His jaw clenched but he nodded for me to accept it.
Swallowing the cold, thick liquid made me want to gag. It tasted like old pennies and it tingled in my mouth.
After three pulls at his wrist, Liam yanked his arm away with an excited hiss I tried to ignore.
Electricity traveled down my body to my feet. I screamed and arched my back into the chair as the pain I felt shot off the charts. Blackened skin rotted away as new skin grew in its place. A few, agonizing moments later, the pain ebbed.
My mind returned from behind the haze of pain, and I realized two things. First, vampire blood could not only reverse at least some effects of magic, but it could heal even the most severe of wounds. Second, though it hurt like a bitch, it was effective. In a matter of seconds, my feet were healed.
My lungs also opened more to let me breathe easier. 
God, but what else can vampire blood do? 
At last, I began to relax. I wondered if Liam would provide some vials of his blood as a quick first aid if one of us was hurt. My magic was strong, but I didn't know if I was capable of healing wounds.
"Better now?" Connor asked, and snatched the crimson handkerchief in Liam's breast pocket to wipe the blood from my face. Liam looked annoyed, but he didn't protest.
I nodded. To my horror, I was licking my lips, trying to catch any remaining drops that didn't make it in my mouth, before Connor could wipe them away. I froze as Liam grinned down at me.
Connor's lips twitched. "Handy, isn't it?" he whispered, but we both knew Liam heard him.
Lowering my feet to the rug, I reveled in the softness of the fibers beneath my new skin. They felt like individual strands of silk caressing me. My eyes slid closed as I let the sensation overpower everything else, but then they snapped open as I realized what I was doing. 
I didn't know if it was the new skin touching something for the first time, or if it was the blood of an aged vampire coursing through my system that made it feel so good. Maybe Persian rugs were just that soft. I doubted it. And I seriously hoped it was the new skin.
"You must never accept blood from another vampire. Understood?" Liam asked.
I assessed the vampire in front of me. Was his ego that big that he wanted to be my personal blood supply? Maybe it was a dominance thing. And god help me, but I was beginning to like the bastard. My eyes narrowed, "Why?"
"Because I said so, Aisling."
I shook my head. Liam's ego knew no bounds. It didn't matter. If he was willing to give me blood to heal me in the event of an injury, I could agree to that. I would rather one blood donor than none at all. With luck, that arrangement would never be a problem. "Fine," I shrugged. "Is Shadow here?"
Liam stepped aside, and sure enough, the white wolf was sitting in the vampire's chair. And his aura swirled with light blue and purple.
Shadow made a deliberate motion to rub against the red velvet and jumped down, leaving a bunch of white fur behind.
Liam cursed, "Bloody wolf."
I smiled, unable to help myself as Shadow trotted without a sound over to me, forcing his snout into my hand. I scratched the top of his head, and then behind his ears, relief washing over me that he made it out of the woods alive.
"Nice work, buddy," Connor said, admiring Liam's furred throne.
That same wheezing cough that sounded like laughter escaped from Shadow.
"Why didn't you come when we walked in?" I asked.
Shadow glanced back at the chair, covered in white fur, then back to me, and wheezed again. Even his light brown eyes slid closed as he laughed. I couldn't blame him for deliberately annoying the man that held centuries of life behind his green gaze.
Connor laughed and I looked up to see Liam's jaw drop for a second before he closed it, returning to his normal, stoic expression.
"Oh, relax, Liam," I chuckled. "You invited us here. You had to know they'd poke a little fun at you."
"I can throw them out anytime," he warned, pointing a finger toward my protectors.
The smile faded from my lips and I stood up, forcing Shadow to step back. I leveled my gaze on the vampire, "You listen to me, Liam. You invited us here. You didn't only invite me. Either you live up to your promise and develop a sense of humor, or we will go and take our chances out there." I pointed toward the front of the house. "We are a package deal. Take us all. Or we leave."
Liam's eyes dropped to my hands. They were fisted in his jacket and I realized in the same moment that magic was rolling off me, the hair rising on the back of my neck.
I was braless. My feet were bare and I was dirty. I was willing to bet my hair would take at least an hour to remove all the tangles, frizz, and debris from the woods that were no doubt hanging out in random places as well. But, despite my appearance, I wasn't going to listen to threats, whether they were idle or promised.
To make matters worse, Liam was tall, at least three inches taller than Connor's six-foot frame, yet I wasn't looking up at him. I glanced down and realized I was levitating almost a foot off the ground. 
I couldn't feel magic when I levitated, so where was my magic going?
The stench of burning flesh with an undertone of smoldering linen hit my nose. Smoke rose up behind Liam as his face contorted in pain. But I wasn't going to stop. "Tell me, Liam, are you going to continue to threaten them? Or are you going to stand behind us and help?"
"What kind of question is t-that?" Liam said through clenched teeth.
I raised my eyebrows, waiting.
"Of c-course I will s-stand behind you. I will f-follow you anywhere." He grunted and then sighed as I dropped the magic, extinguishing the flames that crawled up his back. His eyes closed, and his jaw clenched as he waited for his skin to heal.
I lowered myself to the ground and released his jacket, waiting. For a centuries-old vampire, he could mask his pain well.
When Liam opened his eyes, his gaze held mine, and he breathed, a rare occurrence, even for him. Without taking his eyes off me, he said, "Jon." The seven-foot-tall vampire stepped forward out of my peripheral vision. "Get me a new shirt and pants, would you?"
The vampire disappeared without a word while Liam and I continued our staring contest.
Shadow yipped. In my peripheral vision, I saw Connor look down at the wolf. "She is amazing, isn't she?" he said. Both of their auras were glowing with orange.
"Indeed," Liam said, looking away.
Did I pull dominance over Liam in his house? His kingdom?
I couldn't tell if he was angry anymore, but I thought I heard respect in his voice. "I'm curious Liam. Why are you helping us?"
"Very well, Aisling," Liam sighed with a nod. "I was made vampire shortly before the early witch hunts in the fifteenth century. My mate and I, along with a trusted friend acted as guard for the Earthens, rotating to a new Earthen every few years. We had been protecting our fourth in the late seventeenth century when we were attacked. The Earthen was killed, as well as my mate."
He bowed his head for a moment before continuing. "Jon and I barely survived. Afterward, word spread that all the Earthens were dead and the whole community collapsed. I have been trying to restore it ever since."
"I'm sorry you lost your mate, Liam," I said and hugged him, not caring about the exposed skin on his back.
He stiffened for a moment before he wrapped his arms around me, returning the embrace. 
Then, he released me and squared his shoulders. "Now, tell me what happened."
Chapter 46



There was something about Liam's story that made me soften around him. Beneath his expensive, immaculate, and authoritative exterior, he was lonely and sad.
He lost his mate. And spent centuries hoping to restore the supernatural world back to its former glory. He wasn't kind in his methods to unleash my power and I was a little hesitant to trust him because of it. I hated to admit it, but he was growing on me.
When I finished explaining what happened, Jorge was sent to the cabin to clean up any traces of us and return the stolen Beetle, if possible.
Liam directed a blonde woman, no older than eighteen, if she was a day, to escort us to our suite. Despite longing to touch my grandmother's rune on the copper door, we were forced to follow after her when she didn't slow her descent, deep into the underbelly of Liam's home.
The long, elegant hallway to the right, designated for vampire quarters, donned paintings between each door that represented the fabled character, Dracula, from mainstream media. I noted each one as we passed by. I saw Bela Lugosi, Gary Oldman — both young and old — and even a Leslie Nielsen in his comedic adaptation.
Combining the paintings with the one resembling the real Vlad Tepes in the foyer of the main house, I began to wonder if the man, the vampire version anyway, existed. Or if Liam held an odd fascination with him as comic relief.
We reached the end of the vampire wing and the blonde gestured to the last door. Her eyes flashed against the low light when she turned around, as only the undead could. I felt claustrophobic, at the end of a long hallway underground. A hallway meant for vampires, no less. There were no exits that I knew of, other than the dim, stark stairwell we came down. 
If Liam's home was attacked, we'd have only one way out. Through the enemies that made it in the house.
"Um, do we have to be all the way down here? I'd feel a little better if we were closer to an exit," I said to Blondie.
There was no mistaking her beauty. 
Her diamond-sequined black dress sparkled and hugged her curves and ample chest in all the right places. 
The outer rims of her eyes were a deep blue, fading to green, and then a ring of orange circled around her pupils. They were gorgeous, surrounded by flawless skin and perfect, full pink lips. Light blonde hair hung in voluminous waves down her back, but the roots were brunette. 
I wondered for an instant if she dyed her hair or if it was like that when she turned, frozen for eternity. But then I watched as those captivating eyes raked over Connor in appreciation. She licked her lips as she took him in. 
With a sudden flash of jealousy, I glanced up at him to see if he noticed. If he did, he ignored it. His eyes locked on mine and I smiled inwardly. 
That's going to earn you favors later, mister.
"This is where you will be the safest. You will be heavily guarded down here. If you are not pleased with the selection, please take it up with Master." With that, she shoved a key in my hand and turned on her designer pumped heel, and left us standing in the hallway, sashaying her hips as she went.
After she disappeared through the door at the opposite end of the hallway, I relaxed. "Okay, then," I said the words in slow succession, and Connor chuckled. "God, Connor, she was practically drooling over you."
"Was she?" he asked, his aura swirling with light blue. "Maybe I should go after her...," he trailed off.
I pinched his arm. "You better not."
He laughed. "Seriously, Aisling, I didn't notice, and it wouldn't matter anyway. All I want is you."
"Much better," I said. Then I grabbed the front of his shirt, pulled him down, and kissed him.
I wasn't sure what I expected for a bedroom in Liam's home, but it shouldn't have surprised me as much as it did. 
Connor kicked off his boots while I flipped the switch and the room lit up with a subtle glow. Small crystal lamps were scattered throughout the room, sending sparkles down to the polished mahogany furniture and floors. A massive hearth covered in black marble lit up with a sudden whoosh of flame, adding to the dim, romantic atmosphere.
The bed made my jaw drop to the floor. The monstrosity was at least the size of two king beds. The sheets were a crimson satin and a black fur blanket rested on top. The bed itself was a mahogany four-poster with intricate carvings of couples in various stages of sexual bliss.
A massive area rug, another Persian, I realized, covered the space between the bed and the hearth. There were two doors on either side of the fireplace. One led to a stocked closet, which I noted to check in more detail later. The other led to a bathroom that was as big as my living room.
An ivory, egg-shaped tub sat in the middle of the room, underneath a crystal chandelier, and it was big enough to fit two with ease. A steam shower bigger than my bathroom stood in the corner, with more spray jets and nozzles than I dared to count. The walls were a deep crimson and the tiles in the shower were the same black marble from the hearth. 
The other corner sported a small room with a door, which, I assumed, led to a large water closet. Considering the rest of the space, I would be more surprised if it wasn't complete with a high-tech bidet.
A pair of oversized terry cloth towels hung next to a shelf behind the tub. It was well stocked with some of the same products I used at home.
I swallowed as Connor moved up behind me, pressing into my back. "Dear Penthouse," I began, and he chuckled. "I'd like to start by saying if our suite didn't scream sex, I don't know what would."
Connor's chest vibrated with suppressed laughter against my back and I shuddered, "Yeah, I'd say Liam is hinting at something here." He pushed my hair away from my neck and kissed the sensitive skin.
I stepped forward, "I probably smell pretty ripe right now. And I probably look even worse. Why don't we take a bath?" I turned around and slipped off my shirt, letting him appreciate the slow reveal. I grinned as his red aura darkened.
"One, you don't smell," Connor began, pulling his shirt over his head. My eyes dropped to watch and I licked my lips. "Two, you're always beautiful. And three, you don't have to make an excuse to get us naked."
I grinned, pushing my jeans past my hips and let them fall to my ankles. "No, but at least it sounds better than 'Let's get it on in Liam's sex pad.'"
"Hmm, by all means, then," he said, unbuttoning his jeans and taking slow steps toward me. "We are dirty. So dirty in fact, that we must stop everything to get cleaned up." He stopped in front of me and pushed his jeans down, revealing he wasn't buying it either.
Magic leaked from me. The faucet in the tub turned on and the plug found the drain. Steam filled the room and I moved into his arms. I hugged him, splaying my hands over the smooth flesh covering his shoulder blades.
"I'm sorry you were hurt tonight, Aisling. As much as I hate to admit it, I'm glad Liam was able to heal you."
I nodded. I was too. An injury like that would take weeks to heal without the power of Liam's blood. And we didn't have that kind of time. "Is it possible for an Earthen witch to heal wounds?"
"Not that I know of, but you have surprised me plenty of times before. Nothing is impossible."
While I stepped into the tub, Connor went to the shelf and grabbed a few items. He handed me a wooden cup, squirted some soap that smelled like pumpkin spice into the water in front of me, and put conditioner on the edge of the tub behind me. I smiled. 
Damn, but Liam did his homework. 
That was my conditioner. "Move forward," my teacher grinned, putting the soap back on the shelf. "Maybe some bubbles too?"
"Yes, sir," I smiled, and the water began to bubble as a tiny bit of magic flowed out of me. I moved and by the time Connor sat down behind me, the suds were spread over the surface. In the dim, shimmery light, the bubbles looked like little rainbows that sparkled as they undulated with the water.
"Hmm," Connor moaned as he leaned back, pulling me to his chest, and wrapped his arms around me.
I wriggled and settled against him, causing him to groan from the contact by accident. "Oops," I said, smiling.
"Keep that up and there won't be much cleaning going on."
My smile widened, "I'll be good."
"Lean forward and tilt your head back."
I moved, and hot, soapy water fell down my hair a moment later. Warm streams trailed over my scalp and down my neck, past my shoulders and into the water. 
God, but it felt good.
Connor kept pouring cup after cup, working the water through my hair until it was soaked. Expert fingers began working through the ends, coaxing the tangles of curls apart. His fingers contacted my skin with a light touch as he moved up toward my roots.
"Good lord, did you come with an instruction manual pre-programmed in your head or something?" I laughed.
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"I've never once met someone who didn't have curly hair understand how to deal with it."
"Oh," he chuckled, "I looked it up. I've wanted to do this for a while now."
"Well, by all means, feel free to do it anytime." I was going limp from the feel of his fingers running through my hair. If I could purr, I would sound worse than Bugs in that moment.
When he reached my scalp, I groaned and needed to grip the edges of the tub to keep from sinking under the surface. My bones were turning to liquid from the sheer pleasure of his touch. "Uh, you doing alright up there?" he chuckled again.
I breathed, "Uh-huh."
He laughed, his fingers raking from my scalp to the ends of my hair, and didn't run into a single tangle along the way. His hands moved away for a second before they returned. "I love this stuff. It smells like you," he said, and the scent of almonds filled the air.
I wanted to thank him for the compliment, but his hands started working the conditioner into my hair and my bones turned to jelly. I was amazed I didn't slip beneath the surface of the water.
Too soon, he said, "There you go. All better."
I sighed and steeled myself, turning around and smiling at him. "My turn. Lean forward."
He moved and I scooted onto his lap, wrapping my legs around him. "Well, hello," he purred.
His hard length pressed against me deliciously, but I resisted the urge to move and let him enter me. I tipped his chin back with a finger.
My hands worked through his hair, soaking it with the hot, soapy water. There were no tangles to work through, and I was practically done before I started. But he seemed to be enjoying himself, so I moved closer to him, pressing against him for better access.
His groan sent shockwaves down my body and I couldn't hold back any longer. I bent my head down and kissed his neck with my hands still in his hair, while I lifted to let him enter me. He moaned and his arms tightened around me as I started moving in a slow, gentle rhythm. I kissed my way up his neck and gasped when his mouth found mine. The kiss was long and deep, and I cried out when his hands found my breasts, worrying my sensitive nipples between his fingers.
It was slow. It was sensual. It rocked my world. Twice. The third wracked through me as Connor found his own, sweet release, grinding his hips up and against me.
When the aftershocks slowed to a reasonable level, he half groaned, "We need to do that more often."
I smiled, breathless. I couldn't agree more.
Chapter 47



Liam burst into our suite, walking fast, an open, black silk robe billowing out from behind him, revealing pale flesh over a muscled chest and abdomen before disappearing under black silk pants. "It is time for training. Get up!" He clapped and stood at the end of the bed. It was hard to make out his features from the flickering orange glow of the fire burning behind him, but his pale flesh in contrast to the dark silk made him look more ethereal.
I propped my head up on my elbow and shot a baleful glare at him. "I thought I locked that door," I growled.
"Not to me, Aisling," Liam said, and I made a mental note to barricade the door next time.
Connor groaned, throwing his arm over his eyes, "Can't you wait a little longer? We just got to sleep."
"You think I could not hear you out there? Everyone heard you," he snapped, and I flushed.
Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, Liam's whole nest heard us. 
I laughed, despite myself.
"Do you expect your enemies to apologize and come back once you have rested? I think not."
He made a good point and I sobered, figuring it left me with two options. Take his warning at face value and drag our exhausted asses out of bed. Or shove him out of the room and go back to sleep. I glanced at Connor. His arm was pulled away from his eyes and he was looking at me, waiting for me to decide what we were going to do. I smiled at him. That man would do anything for me.
I sighed and opted instead for a third option.
With a flick of my wrist, my magic pushed Liam out of the room. Based on the expression on his face, and the way his muscles tensed, it looked like he wanted to drag his nails on the floor to stop his momentum. "We'll meet you in the training room in five minutes," I said as he glared at me. Then the door slammed in his face and I put my head back down on Connor's chest.
The shaking of his laughter made me smile as it trailed off into a groan of exhaustion. His arms tightened around me. "Let's just go back to sleep and make him wait a while."
I shook my head, "He's got a point." I pushed up on my elbow again and kissed his shoulder. "We can sleep later."
"Whatever you say, love, but I think I'm going to need a little persuasion to get up," his lips curved into a sly smile and he winked at me.
"We have less than five minutes to get ready...," I trailed off and grinned back at him.
My magic held the door closed so we wouldn't be interrupted again. Then the sheets flew back, and I moved down the bed. He was always ready, and that time was no different. I bent over him and took him in my mouth.
Three minutes later, Connor was riled up, but I didn't let him come. He growled about revenge but followed after me when I went to the closet.
He looked mouthwatering with his new black pants. They hugged him in just the right way, curving around his ass before smoothing down his thighs, and billowing out in a relaxed flare past his knees, dragging the floor by an inch. The black tank top fit him like a glove, revealing his toned arms and the right amount of shoulder that made my knees weak.
When I saw what was available for me, I groaned. Aside from a vast selection of formalwear worth more than my house, I was left with a set of matching black volleyball shorts and a tank top, with a built-in sport bra that cut a little too low in the neck.
Connor commented on how much he liked my little training outfit, with light blue shimmering in his aura. If I bent over far enough, he could see an obscene amount of cleavage. I reminded him that Liam would see the same thing, including anyone else that might be in that room. He sobered and said, "Good point."
While we walked to the training room, I passed the time by telling him I needed to change his ringtone. Once I explained Hot For Teacher wouldn't work, since Liam was taking over that role, he laughed, and from the way his light blue aura brightened with renewed interest, I knew he would take advantage of the situation somehow. After all, he did love to tease me.
We were both barefoot, and the combination of the cool air and the effects of our last few minutes in bed, meant I needed to cross my arms over my chest or I'd risk poking out somebody's eye. All I wanted to do was drag Connor back to our room to finish what I started.
There were almost a hundred people in the training room when we entered. All eyes were on us.
Tobias and Jon stood behind Liam. Blondie was a few feet away, looking much better in the same outfit than I did. My fingers laced with Connor's to stake my claim over him as Blondie raked her eyes down his body again. I stared her down until she looked away.
Shadow trotted over from the weight training area in the corner and sat next to me, and a sickening feeling began in the pit of my stomach that told me I wasn't going to enjoy what we were about to do. Everyone was dressed for training, some of them even wore strange straps that reminded me of flag football, only adding to my discomfort.
"Lesson one. Diversify," Liam spoke to the room in a deep, commanding voice. He wore the same silk pants, but sometime in the five minutes we forced him to wait, he removed his robe. In the bright fluorescent lights of the room, I could see raised white scars crisscrossing his chest, arms, and abdomen. He looked like he saw the wrong end of a sharp blade one too many times when he was human. Like a panther waiting for his moment to strike, he looked fierce. "Three groups, one with Aisling. One for Mister Jennings and one for the—" his expression softened "—Shadow."
The people in the room moved, the ones with the flags to my left, some to the right, the rest drew closer behind Liam, with Tobias and Jon flanking him.
Blondie stood closest to Connor with about twenty other people behind her. I ground my teeth together when she licked her lips and raked her eyes over his body again.
Squeezing my hand in reassurance one more time, Connor dropped it and pivoted toward Blondie, ready to fight. I recognized the posture from the long-form he did in my backyard. He wasn't afraid, but the green and purple swirling in his aura told me he wasn't happy about what we needed to do.
"As you know, werewolf bites are quite painful to us," Liam said to Shadow. "So please try to refrain from breaking skin," he waved his hands to Shadow's group. "You'll notice they have flags on various parts of their bodies. If you can tear them away, they will bow out of the fight."
The flags were crimson and hung from their necks, thighs, and torsos. Shadow yipped and nodded in understanding, then dropped his white head and leveled his gaze on the group in front of him, ready to strike.
"Aisling, your job is to fight, and keep track of what is happening with your friends. If they get hurt, it will be your fault for not protecting them. Understand?"
I sighed. "If they are hurt, I expect you'll heal their injuries afterward."
"But of course," he bowed, raising his hands out to the sides. "BEGIN!" he bellowed.
I threw my hands up, stopping the throng of people in front of me from advancing with my magic. I heard Shadow growl, snarl, and then someone cried, "Out!" I couldn't hear Connor, or anyone else moving from his group. I turned to look at him and my jaw dropped.
Connor stood flat against the wall, arms held over his head by a pale, feminine hand. Blondie licked his neck. Her free hand rubbed him through the front of his pants. His lips thinned, aura swirling an angry green, and his gaze locked with mine.
Just as I was about to react, something that felt like a brick wall crashed into me from the side.
I landed on the mat, air rushing from my lungs, and I saw Tobias hovering over me. He held my wrists on either side of my head and forced my legs apart. Pressing his body into mine, his erection was obvious as he ground against me. "You are making this too easy for me, ma'am." After shifting his grip on my wrists, he slid one hand down over my breast.
For a moment, I couldn't move. I was frozen by fear, as Tobias ground against me again. I could tell by the look on his face he wasn't enjoying himself.
"Stop—" Connor growled, but his voice cut off with a gurgle as his airway was blocked.
Magic pulsed out of me and Tobias flew backward, landing in the middle of the obstacle course about a hundred feet away. I jumped to my feet in a blur of speed, hearing growls coming from Shadow's direction.
Red washed over my vision as I watched in disbelief at what Blondie was doing to him. I didn't care that my eyes were red. Or that I was unleashed from rage. 
One, delicate hand gripped Connor's throat, squeezing, while the other held his wrists. She pressed her hips against him and licked his jaw. The sound of her tongue moving over his stubble sounded like sandpaper. Her vivid eyes looked back at me, in challenge. 
What are you gonna do about it, bitch?
"Get off him," the thousand voices screamed out of my mouth, and with a flick of my wrist, Blondie's skin flayed from her manicured fingers until she screamed and jumped away. 
Then I felt a breeze behind me in the next instant.
I spun around and my magic froze Tobias, less than a yard from me. "If you ever touch me again, I'll rip your cock off and shove it down your throat," the voices growled.
"STOP!" Liam shouted and his people straightened. Shadow, Connor, and I stayed poised for attack. "Aisling, you are doing better, but Mister Jennings would have died long before you realized he was in danger. Second, you should have stopped Tobias. Instead, you froze while he assaulted you. You are never going to beat the Malleus if you do not use your full power!"
I watched him, angry and panting, but said nothing.
"AGAIN!"
Chapter 48



It was the same story every time. Shadow could hold his own against his attackers, but Connor was a different story. If I focused on him, I was vulnerable to attack. And when it happened, I was forced to deal with it, leaving him exposed again. I couldn't protect both of us with so many people.
He was bloodied, violated more times than I cared to count, and looked as pissed as I felt. Though I understood why they were pushing my buttons and using tactics that were meant to force me to react, I couldn't help how I responded to them. It only succeeded to fuel my rage.
At one point, Blondie slipped her hands down Connor's pants and I almost twisted her head off. I knew what would happen if she lost her head. Literally. But I couldn't bring myself to care. The bitch lacked common sense. And Liam excused her from training, fearing I was on the verge of killing her. 
My head hurt from the many times I was knocked backward, but Tobias was the only one that managed to assault me. He wasn't able to repeat it. But I was unsure if that was a result of fear from my threat, or that my efforts improved by a fraction.
A few threw punches. Some missed, but others didn't. And vampires were stronger than they looked. 
One hit from Jon's fist to my temple and the impact knocked me out cold. While unconscious, it was no surprise my magic didn't stay up to protect Connor.
We listened to lecture after lecture about what I did wrong. Why I was failing. Why I couldn't win.
After a while, my eye swelled shut and it felt like my jaw was disconnected from my skull. Connor didn't look much better. Shadow's angry green aura told me he couldn't do anything but handle his own group to give me time to deal with the rest, and he sported a limp for a few seconds to show for it, which seemed to annoy him even more.
Liam was right. Dozens of people attacking at once from all directions was proving to be a failure, just like the grenade in the woods.
"AGAIN!" Liam shouted and the process repeated.
The vampire that replaced Blondie pulled a knife and cut Connor's neck, but not enough to cause any significant injury. When I looked, the vampire was snacking, licking his way up Connor's neck while I gaped.
"STOP!" Liam yelled again and approached me. "Aisling," he purred, "look at him," he gestured to Connor. "He would have died dozens of times now. How much do you really care about him?" He didn't wait for an answer. "Let us try something different for a moment. Focus, Aisling. Close your eyes."
Connor pushed the vampire away and wiped the blood from his neck as he watched me. And then I did as instructed.
"Focus on him. Remember what you felt the first time you saw him. What happened?"
"It was slow motion. I couldn't look away from him," I whispered, remembering how it felt, how I wanted to stay in that moment forever.
"When you saw him later, what made you want him? Why did you fall for him?"
"He helped me. Comforted me. He made me feel safe."
"What else?"
"I loved to hear him laugh. I liked watching him. I was drawn to him."
"Why did you want him?"
I hesitated, knowing all the people in the room were listening.
"Do not think about anyone else but him. Tell me."
"There was something electric about him. His smell. The way his voice slid over me and affected me. His movements. His hair," I smiled. "All I could think about was running my hands through his hair. Feel the stubble on his face. I wanted to taste his mouth, his skin."
"Go on, Aisling. What else?"
"He looked at me with such intensity. It felt like he was looking into my soul. When he touched me I felt energized. Empowered. I loved his hands. His neck." I breathed, my mouth open. "It was the way I made him feel. And how I felt in response when I heard the noises he made. How we felt together. It's like we were built for each other." Goosebumps erupted across my body.
I felt Connor move closer and then heard whispering, but I couldn't make out the words.
"He always knew what to say," I went on. "Always the right words. The right touch. He made me feel alive. Told me to breathe so I wouldn't explode," I grinned. "He protected me, believed in me. It's still what makes me want him. Why I love him. Why I can't live without him." I heaved a shaky sigh, trying not to cry in front of Liam and all of his people.
Warm hands touched my upper arms. The scent of wood smoke filled my nose. "How did you feel when you used your magic by the fire in your backyard?" Connor asked.
"I wanted to show you how much I felt about you, because I wanted you to feel the same about me. I was too afraid to say it. I didn't get my answer, and I didn't know if you understood."
"How did you feel when I finally admitted I trusted you and cared about you?" he asked, caressing his hands down my arms and back up again.
"I was beyond happy."
"How did you feel when you tested your theory on red?"
I smiled. "I already had a pretty good idea what it meant, but I wanted to see how far I could take it with you, if you would respond to me. And it was incredible," I shuddered.
"What about later when you attacked me?"
"I was so frustrated," I chuckled. "I wanted you, but you wouldn't allow me to touch you. I went for your neck and felt you respond. It was like a fever."
"How did you feel when I told you I loved you?" he whispered.
The memory of that moment washed over me and I smiled. His hands trailed down my arms.
"At first it felt like my world was crashing down around me. But then you told me you loved me. It was the happiest moment of my life. Not just because I was in love with you, but because you had the courage to tell me. It was icing on the cake when we made love for the first time afterward." He caressed the backs of my hands with his thumbs.
"Aisling, open your eyes," Connor said from below me. Did he kneel down?
I opened my eyes to see he wasn't kneeling. He was standing, arms in the air, touching my hands as I levitated about three feet off the ground. I looked around. Everyone in the room was turned away from us, giving us the illusion of privacy.
Everyone but Liam. He smiled up at me from behind Connor and hissed in delight, "Feel it, Aisling. Feel it."
Oh, I could feel it alright. 
I felt love. For Connor.
For everything he was.
And he was everything to me.
Somehow, I could tell my eyes were white, void of color as the magic sat ready, waiting to be used.
I willed my body to the mat with ease. My hand reached out and touched Connor's cheek with a gentle touch. His injuries vanished and he gasped, deep brown eyes dilating for a moment before returning to normal.
"That, my dear Aisling," Liam said, "is how you will defeat the Malleus."
"How will I access it again?" I asked, looking at the vampire. I was too in awe of what was happening to wrap my mind around it.
"Connor was always the key to unlocking your power, Aisling. I had to show you what you could do without it. But he was always the answer."
I looked at Connor and kissed him. It was short but passionate. Then my arms wrapped around his neck in a fierce hug.
"Thank you," he whispered, hugging me back.
Liam snapped his fingers and I didn't need to open my eyes to know his people moved toward us at lightning speed.
I could feel them.
A shockwave of magic erupted from me, flinging anyone moving toward us through the air and away from us, leaving Shadow, Connor, and Liam untouched. I pulled away from Connor's embrace.
Liam stood behind Connor, smiling, "That is how you will survive."
I nodded, looked back to Connor, and smiled.
It was him all along.
Chapter 49



Ten days after I realized Connor was my true strength, he and I were still training. Still fighting. Still trying to find out the limits of my power. Liam insisted that practicing in all types of situations could one day save our lives. I didn't doubt that.
There were ups and downs to our time with Liam. Most of them, downs. Because I was still failing.
According to Connor, his blend of martial arts encompassed seven different disciplines, and he spent some time teaching me and about a dozen other vampires his technique. And he was a great teacher. I enjoyed sparring with him the most. Too much.
Liam put a stop to our fun and took his time, showing me what I could do with my magic without unleashing. It helped, but it still left us vulnerable if I needed to rely on it.
Shadow was the only one that enjoyed sparring. For a two-hundred-and-fifty-pound werewolf, he could move as fast as the vampires. Except for the brief injury he sustained in the first session, he remained unharmed. And with every subsequent day of training, he improved his skill.
At least for Connor, the vampires slowed their speeds, working to help him move faster, fight better. With their full speed, he didn't stand a chance to put up any kind of fight against them. He tried creating spells, making amulets, and I tried to top him off with magic, but nothing helped him move faster for more than a few minutes.
For me, hand-to-hand combat with a vampire was by far the worst. They didn't hold back. Even with my speed, I wasn't much of a match for them without magic. Within a few seconds, if I couldn't defend myself, one vampire could beat me unconscious. And, because I couldn't heal myself, Liam needed to heal me with his blood. I ingested far more blood than I ever wanted in a lifetime.
I hated it, in all honesty. In the beginning, every hit I took caused a flashback. Liam insisted we continue. Push through. Because I would be useless to everyone, including myself, if I was unconscious or stuck in a flashback.
As much as I hated it, I appreciated what he was doing. He was right. And, I didn't want to admit it, but it helped.
My grandmother not only knew what she needed to do to ensure I'd become pure Earthen, but she knew who to involve, and how much. Liam was an integral part of that plan.
She trusted the vampire to follow her instructions, and he did. He waited, giving us clues to discovering my strength for ourselves. I may not have approved their methods, but I appreciated them. And since my grandmother trusted him, I was finding it very difficult not to.
But I understood that love, an emotion so powerful — especially for me — could lead to unimaginable pain. Either by death or heartbreak. I believed that was also why both my grandmother and Liam wanted me to see that I could unleash through other emotions, while also showing me I'd never want to. Not because of how it made me feel. But, if I needed to use it, that would mean Connor was no longer with me. And I hoped that would never happen.
Liam kept Angela informed, but their interactions were brief because their contact might put her in danger. The vampire even took steps to ensure her safety. He didn't tell us what those steps were, but I felt better knowing that my best friend was protected. That did nothing but make me appreciate the vampire even more.
It didn't come as a surprise that my step-father knew I survived the explosion. No one told me how many men died that night, but that was wise on their part. With as much effort I put into not taking the blame, it would prove harder for me to do that if I knew the death count.
In those ten days, friendships were forged with relative ease. Despite the intimidation, Jon was like a bigger, deadlier version of Moe from The Three Stooges, and he wasn't afraid to show it when he wasn't stoic.
Jorge drawled in his Southern accent and gave me lessons on knife throwing. Although throwing knives with my hands was a disaster, if I used magic, it was effective. His friend, William, a bookish type of vampire, talked strategy.
Even Tobias apologized for three days for assaulting me and claimed it was done with the sole purpose of throwing me off. I was hesitant to forgive him until he brought the triplets to help with training. I was so pleased with the gesture, I gave him a hug, which elicited a growl from Connor. He wasn't as forgiving as I was. Since then, when we weren't sparring, Tobias treated me like a little sister, which allowed Connor to relax a little around him.
Bogsley, Baby, and Bubba went to work and did an amazing job. Within the first few minutes, I learned that their weapon of choice wasn't intended as a weapon at all. It was pixie dust.
When fighting with us against the vampires, the triplets would flit over their heads, out of reach, and drop little streams of what looked like gold glitter on top of them. The vampires were either distracted or incapacitated, which gave us more time to deal with them.
Granted, we weren't gearing up to fight vampires. It was military-trained humans and dark witches we needed to look out for. But Liam was right. We needed to be prepared.
But I was still doing a good job failing at protecting Connor.
On the tenth day, I sparred with Tobias, while Liam and Connor talked. They were whispering, and then Connor looked ... grim. Even his aura filled with a sad, dark blue. I was so distracted by it that I didn't see Tobias rear back to land a punch to my stomach, doubling me over. And before I could react, he kicked my face and knocked me out.
I didn't know how long I was unconscious, but I woke up with that awful, yet invigorating taste of electrified pennies in my mouth.
To my surprise, there was no flashback. Though they lessened in severity over the days leading up to that moment, that was the first time there was nothing. A blissful nothingness, like a dreamless sleep. I was so distracted by it, that I forgot what caused me to lose focus from the fight in the first place.
Liam pulled his wrist away, eyed Connor, and muttered, "Talk to her." As the vampire stood up, I remembered and looked at Connor, his aura was still swirling with a deep blue. Liam clapped his hands twice and everyone left the room.
Except for Tobias.
He lingered for a moment, a wordless apology written on his face. I nodded and gave him a faint smile in response. He winked at me, grinned, and left, leaving me alone with Connor.
He helped me to my feet and we started walking back to our room. "I don't like this."
I knew what he meant. I couldn't protect him. "This is my fault," I muttered.
"No, it's not."
I stopped and looked up at him. "It is. I can't protect you all the time and I know you're getting angry from not being able to fight."
"That's not it. I don't want you to get hurt. I'm the one distracting you."
The blood drained from my face and I forced myself to breathe. "A-Are you saying you're leaving me?"
"What?" He put his hands on my face. "No, honey. I'm not going anywhere. I just don't know how to help."
Connor kissed my forehead and pulled me to our room while I thought about his words. There was one idea, something that was rolling around in my head since we met Liam. "I know what we could try, but I don't know if you'd want to do it," I said and turned to face him as he closed the door behind him.
"What?"
I looked down. "We could bind ourselves, do whatever ritual witches did before the Earthens died. I could try to give you some of my power at the same time. Permanently. But that's a big step and I understand—"
He kissed me, hard, spun me around, and pushed me up against the door, holding my face in his hands. I pulled him closer, raking my nails down his shoulders. And I whimpered when he pulled away.
"I don't need your power, Aisling. It's your power. And it's not that I wouldn't bind myself to you in an instant — because I would — but I want to do something like that because we want to, not because we think it's necessary to give us an advantage. I just don't know what else to do." He kissed me again, a gentle brush of his lips against mine, and then looked at me, "I love you and nothing can change that."
I was breathless.
Did he just say that he'd bind with me?
"You'd do it?"
"Yes, but not now," he smiled with a shake of his head. "It's not the right time."
I smiled and kissed him.
He buried his hands in my hair and then pulled away. "Christ, Aisling. That's not how I wanted that conversation to go."
"What do you mean?"
"Liam just told me that binding might be our only chance to keep us both alive. That's what he meant by, 'Talk to her.'"
Oh.
"Then why were you sad?"
"I know how much it would hurt you if I was injured or killed, but even if it means I'm vulnerable, I don't want to do a binding like that out of necessity. I wanted to ask you when the time was right."
As much as I wanted him safe, protected, and capable of defending himself, I understood what he wanted. "If that's how you feel, then let's forget I said anything about it." I grinned. "Can I tell you something?"
"What?"
My grin widened. "I didn't have a flashback."
"Are you serious?" he asked, a wide smile beaming back at me.
I nodded. 
God, but I loved it when Connor smiled like that.
Warm hands cupped my face and he kissed me. And it took my breath away. "You have beaten him again, Aisling." He grabbed my hands and backed up toward the bed. When we reached it, he yanked me against him.
I crashed into his body, laughing.
"That calls for a celebration," he said, low and throaty, his pink aura deepening to red.
Heat washed over me as red filtered into my vision and I pushed him back on the crimson sheets.
Chapter 50



Blue flames licked up my arms and legs, but they weren't burning me. I glanced down and watched them ripple over me.
Great.
I was having another weird dream-sight.
I looked around and recognized the park that surrounded me. The old West Lookout Tower loomed behind some trees in an otherwise empty clearing. Constructed of log and stone, the moonless sky did nothing to illuminate the exterior of the building, and candlelight flickering through the trio of lookout windows only added to the dark and sinister vibe, like something straight from a horror movie.
Two men carrying rifles paced the grounds and walked right by me, not seeing me.
The leafless trees took on a jagged appearance as they swayed in an artificial wind, leaning toward the tower, as if they were trying to see what was happening through the dim windows.
That was when I caught sight of the white werewolf at the edge of the clearing, looking up at the tower. Shadow let out a warning howl and leveled his gaze on me.
He can see me?
One, loud shot rang through the air and Shadow hit the ground an instant later. The two men in the clearing ran up to the wolf, guns drawn. I tried to scream but no sound escaped my lips. I tried to move, but my body was frozen.
I closed my eyes and prayed to the moon.
Please, let Shadow be alright.
When I opened my eyes, I was inside the tower's lookout room, and I recognized what was happening. There was a small table in the middle of the large space, a lit candle at each corner, a copper bowl, and a knife in the center, with five stones placed at the corners of a drawn pentagram. It was a witch's altar, but not one I recognized.
Shadow was limp in the corner of the room while my step-father chanted at the table. I couldn't understand his whispers, but I knew the spell worked. Whatever it was. Because I felt the air thicken with humidity, like a powerful summer thunderstorm was bearing down on the tower. It felt the same when Connor spelled the orb hanging from my neck.
Martin sauntered over to Shadow. "Ah, how I wish that little bitch was here to see this," he said and kicked the wolf in the chest. The unconscious wolf didn't respond. My step-father turned and leveled his eyes on me, raking them over my body. "Or maybe you're here in spirit," he smiled. But it was all teeth. And then he kicked Shadow again.
A bone snapped in Shadow's chest with the impact of his steel-toed boot. The wolf shimmered and changed to human form, revealing a massive, muscular body. His face looked both beautiful and pained at the same time.
He looked familiar, but I couldn't place him in the limited light.
My step-father turned around and smiled at me again. "I know you can hear me, little girl. I'm going to kill everyone you care about, starting with this mutt. Then, after you've watched everyone die, you'll beg me to kill you."

I woke up, still hearing the impacting thuds of my step-father's boot against Shadow.
"Aisling!" Connor said, his hands were on my face and alarm was written across his features. "You were screaming. Are you alright?"
I took a deep breath and remembered, "Oh, god, Connor, where's Shadow?" I asked and shot out of bed, pulling the black fur blanket over me. I opened the door and called, "Shadow!" The few people that milled around in the hallway glanced back at me.
"Haven't seen him," one of the human men said with a shrug before he walked into Blondie's room.
Connor walked up behind me and pulled on his silk pants. "Did you see something?"
I nodded, and my stomach exploded in pain before I hit the floor.
"Aisling?" Connor said, hovering over me again.
My stomach lurched from the intense pain and I cried out.
"What's wrong?"
"I don't—" I gasped as more pain blasted through me.
Liam pushed his way through the crowd of people watching me. "What is happening?"
Connor explained what he knew, which wasn't much. There was a deafening snap as my rib cracked and I screamed.
"You," Liam barked to someone I couldn't see. "Find the wolf. Now." Then he turned back to me. "What was in your dream?"
"Shadow taken," I wheezed. "Step-father—" I screamed as another rib cracked.
"Sire. The wolf is not here," someone said.
My eyes rolled in my head and I bit my lip to stay focused.
"You need blood," Liam said, piercing his wrist on his fangs and shoved it against my mouth.
I grabbed Liam's arm and held him still, eager for the thick liquid he offered me, sucking the blood from the twin puncture wounds. My eyes locked with his. Then the fog in my head began to clear and the pain in my ribs, sides, and stomach began to fade. His eyes rolled back in pleasure.
Ew.
I let him go and sat up, making sure the blanket covered me, and wiped the blood from my lips before I could embarrass myself further.
When I felt more in control, I said, "That was dream-sight. They took Shadow and Martin cast some kind of spell before he started kicking him. Then I woke up and the pain started."
"He linked you," Connor said, straightening.
Liam's lips thinned and nodded, "That is what I believe as well."
"I take it that's not a good thing?"
Connor shook his head. "That's dark magic and successfully binding you to Shadow probably took a massive amount of power."
Great, so not only was my step-father a witch, but he was already pretty damn powerful. "Did it stop because of the blood?" I asked Liam.
"Yes, my blood can reverse the effects of some magic. Come. We must prepare."
"Prepare for what?"
"You must want to save your friend, do you not?" Liam responded. "I also believe your step-father is ready for you, especially if he is now a witch and strong enough to link you to Shadow."
"You're going to help us get Shadow back?" I asked with skepticism in my voice.
"As I said before, Aisling, I will follow you. I know you will not stand by and wait while he is being tortured."
He was right, I'd go with or without him and he was vowing again to help us in front of his people. "Thank you," I said and stood up.
Liam left and barked out instructions to several people. As soon as he stopped talking, the house was a flurry of activity. Someone brought us clothes and I was relieved I didn't have to wear an evening gown or the tiny shorts and revealing tank top I was forced to wear during training. Fighting in loose-fitting yoga pants and an athletic jacket was much preferred over too much skin and constrictive dresses.
Without bothering to knock, Liam walked in a few minutes later. He was dressed in black and ready to go.
"Do you know where they are?" Connor asked me. He was wearing the same dark jeans and long-sleeved shirt he always wore before. And he still looked as good to me with those top buttons open on his shirt.
"Yeah, unless they've moved," I said, strapping the two knives Liam handed me to my thighs.
"I do not believe he will move. I believe he intends to trap you and force you to trade for Shadow. But I also think he will not accept anything you offer. He wants to see you suffer." Liam said.
"Of course he does," I sighed and looked up at Connor. "They were at the West Lookout Tower in the park."
"Are you sure?"
"Positive." I nodded. "I know that tower."
"Right then," Liam said. "Let us get your friend back."
I blinked and found I wasn't in the bedroom. I was standing in the clearing, watching as Zoe corralled about twenty witches into a circle.
"Aisling?" Connor said, but he sounded far away.
"I see Zoe. She's with a bunch of witches."
"What are they doing?" Liam asked.
"Chanting something ... but I can't hear them."
"Aisling!" Liam barked and I snapped back to my body.
I looked up at him and then looked for Connor, but he was gone. The door was open and Connor was walking down the hallway.
"I believe we have figured out what the witches were doing," the vampire murmured.
"Connor?" I called.
He didn't stop walking.
I ran for him. "Connor," I said as he reached the central hallway. I grabbed his arm and pulled him around. I put my hands on his face, but his eyes weren't seeing. "Connor, look at me!"
"Aisling," Liam said from behind me. "He is meant to lead us there, I believe. Let him walk. We can follow and keep him safe.
"It's probably another trap," I frowned back at him, refusing to let go of Connor.
"You are right. But we must go, and be prepared for anything. If we do not, we will lose. Do you want to lose, Aisling?"
"Of course not." I glared at him. "I just don't want Connor like this. Can you stop it with your blood?"
He shook his head. "I cannot reverse an active spell. This kind of spell must be chanted until he reaches his destination."
My shoulders slumped. Connor slipped from my fingers and went through the door.
Liam barked out orders behind me to several of his people, but I wasn't listening. I stepped through the doorway and followed. I grabbed Connor's coat by the front door and stopped him long enough to put it on him and then released him into the cold November night.
The town was quiet. No one walked the streets but us. I trailed behind, while Connor was pulled by the strings of dark witches employed by my step-father, leading me to them.
After I unleashed for Connor, I could feel everything on a molecular level. Vampires were nothing but a pocket of empty, electrified air. And there were six of them trailing several hundred feet behind me, moving without a sound in the dark.
Vampires were dead. Well, undead to be exact. Immortal beings that cast no aura, frozen forever in the bodies they died in. Maybe that was why I felt them as empty space
Connor, on the other hand, felt like a magnet. I was drawn to him, like he said in his dream, a moth to a flame. He was, and always would be True North to my compass. The stronger the pull, the closer he was to me.
Zoe was still involved with my step-father, and she was still using Connor as a pawn. She was dark and that meant, despite that she might still care for him, all of it could change in an instant. Connor could go from love interest to a new source of power at the flick of a switch. If that didn't happen already.
I was willing to bet they didn't know that six vampires were trailing us. And I couldn't be sure, but I thought I could feel the triplets flying behind me as well. But I didn't know if they could handle a bunch of dark witches if they realized we brought backup.
Though there were still so many unanswered questions and unknowns, I would learn, and I'd be the Earthen I was meant to be.
Glancing up at the sliver of moonlight, I prayed that Connor would be safe. I prayed that Shadow was still alive and that he'd be okay. If the pixies were there, I hoped they'd survive. Last, despite all the tough love, I prayed that Liam and the five vampires with him would live, too.
God help me, but I hoped they'd all be alright.
You never know where you'll find your family when you have no family left.
And I would keep my family alive if I needed to die trying.
Chapter 51



There were more people in the woods than I could see when we first entered the space. The windows in the West Lookout Tower were no longer lit by candles and, though I felt one human and one other coming down the stairs, I couldn't discern what it was. Behind the tower, there were two humans and two others. One of them emitted black energy, like the dark witches ahead of me. I couldn't tell what the other one was, but, like the one descending the stairs, I knew it was neither vampire nor witch.
I held up my hand and used my magic to stop Connor from moving any closer to Zoe and the other dark witches and waited. Zoe bared her teeth at me in outrage, and I smiled back at her, with more venom.
Bitch, you have no idea what I can do.
The door leading to the tower was arched, surrounded by pale stone, and it creaked like a squawking bird when it swung open. A man, a little taller than Liam stepped out, carrying someone over his shoulder.
He was about six-and-a-half-feet-tall, and he was strong, but not pure muscle, like Jon. His muscles rippled, bunched, and bulged as he moved. A pair of worn jeans hung low on his hips and a white shirt that was stark in contrast to his tanned skin hugged his frame. His beard was cut so short, it looked more like stubble, and his honey-brown hair was styled in a way that I almost missed the waves in it.
My assessment cut off as he stopped and made a noise. And then I realized what he was.
The werewolf grumbled again, deep in his chest, when he pulled the human away from his shoulder and laid her on the ground, like he was afraid her body could break from the impact. When he stepped away, revealing the woman's face, the blood drained from mine.
It was Angela.
His gaze locked with mine and his head dipped in a sincere, grave nod. It was so subtle I almost missed it. And then he stepped back, watching her. He looked ... concerned and conflicted. Angela landed herself an admirer, it appeared.
"What did you do to her?" I asked the werewolf.
Martin stepped out from behind the tower and said, "Salvatore works for me. He doesn't answer to you, bitch." Like I hoped, my step-father couldn't resist taking control.
I looked at the werewolf again. Was he the same wolf from the clearing? The one that Connor asked to linger nearby while we practiced? I only saw him as a black wolf with white paws, never as a human. His aura was purple, and I wondered if that was a werewolf thing, or if he was being careful with his emotions, like Shadow tended to do.
His shoulders were tilted forward with his knees bent, like he was ready to spring into action if he needed to. And, though his eyes remained locked on Angela, I knew he was keeping track of everything around him.
"Fine," I said, looking back at my step-father. "What did you do to the librarian? She's neutral."
"I beg to differ," he snapped. "She helped you, she needs to pay."
Since Connor and I went to stay at Liam's home I thought a lot about my step-father's actions. He demanded control, kept me quiet, never wanted me to talk back to him. He took pleasure from my fear. That was one of the reasons I was so attractive to him as a child. I wasn't playing by his rules anymore. And I intended to throw him off his game.
I rolled my eyes. "Like the receptionist did? They helped me because I asked them. They're supposed to help anyone when asked. Dumbass."
Martin's eyes widened. His aura was black and hard to make out in the faint moonlight, but it was there, swirling around him like a fog. From the limited light, I couldn't tell if the darkness caused his hair and eyes to change like Zoe's, but he looked every bit the brooding villain with his open, black trench coat billowing around him. He even wore a thin gold band on the little finger of his left hand.
He pulled a gun from his coat, cranked back the hammer, and pointed it at Angela, but his eyes stayed locked on mine.
Salvatore tensed, readying himself to defend her. At least, that was what I hoped.
"Hey, jackass! Why don't you point that gun somewhere that's not an unconscious woman? You already killed one neutral." I raised my eyebrow at him and waited. I took another look at Angela. Her coat was open, and she was missing one of her flats, but she didn't look hurt. "And seriously, she's going to freeze to death out here if you leave her like that."
Salvatore's nostrils flared and he shook his head once, enough that I caught it. She'd be okay, then. He made sure of it. Good for him.
Martin looked down at Angela for a moment and rethought his stance. I could see the doubt on his face. He was confused, the faint green seeping in with the black of his aura. I wasn't sure if he was confused about me, or what he was doing with Angela.
"You know something, Martin?" I sneered. "I'm curious, when you were ... let's call it molding me into the girl you wanted me to be, did you think I'd turn out like this?" I ran a hand down the side of my body in my best Vanna White impression. "I mean, seriously, blubbering around and doing everything just right to make you happy? Please. You can go fuck yourself."
His aura engulfed in green. Lowering his gun, he took a few steps toward me.
That's right, focus on me.
"You were never cooperative. Ungrateful child."
"Ungrateful?" Disbelief marred my features. "Oh, that's rich, coming from you. You married my mother to get close to me, and then you killed her before I was old enough for you. Tell me, which was more disappointing, marrying a witch and taking almost a decade to figure out what she was? Or was it spending all that time on me just to have me torn away before I was ripe enough for you?"
He took a few more steps toward me and aimed the gun at Connor, who was still trying to move closer to Zoe and the rest of the chanting dark witches. "How long did it take you to fuck this one?"
I blinked, "You're seriously wondering about my sex life? Are you sad he got some when you couldn't?" I pouted at him. "Poor baby."
His finger squeezed the trigger, but the bullet didn't fire.
"Oh, I'm sorry," I mocked. "Did I mention I can stop bullets and prevent guns from firing? Jesus, but it must have slipped my mind." I shook my head for effect.
"Zoe," he barked.
My eyes snapped to her, standing at the opposite end of the clearing. She stopped chanting and shook herself. Her mouth moved but I couldn't hear what she said, and then a huge blue fireball of magic shot out of her chest and flew right at me.
I could feel its energy and I let it wash over me. It engulfed around me like in the dream-sight. I could feel its purpose as it absorbed around me and left me ... frozen.
"Oh, I'm sorry," Martin leered back at me. "Did you want to say something, bitch?"
Chapter 52



My step-father's eyes twinkled in delight. The spell Zoe tossed at me worked. I let fear wash over me and remained silent.
Through the magical barrier that both surrounded and froze me, I couldn't feel the vampires. I wasn't sure what they were doing, but I thought they were waiting for something.
Damn, but I appreciated that, too. 
It was my fight. 
I couldn't sense anything, except for Connor. But his pull wasn't as strong as normal from his distance. At least I still sensed him.
The chanting witches near Zoe fell silent, and Connor stopped trying to move toward them. He shook himself and spun around to look at me. But I didn't move.
When he took a step toward me, Martin raised his gun and pointed it at him, catching his attention. "Nuh-uh, boy," he shook his head. "You stay back, or I'll shoot you."
Connor raised his hands and froze, but he didn't step back. He was too far away to offer much help anyway.
"How do you like her, hmm?" Martin nodded toward me. "She is something," he drawled. "You have me to thank for that, boy."
I didn't like that he was using Liam's nickname for Connor. Liam used it as a form of affection, and my step-father was souring it.
Connor clenched his jaw and eyed the gun as green spiked around the gray in his aura. But he didn't take the bait.
"Personally," Martin shrugged. "I think Zoe was much more suited for you. After all, you were the one that made her into the woman she is today," he smiled.
"I never wanted her to go dark," Connor said in a low, steady voice.
Angela started to stir and the small noise she made caught Connor's attention. He turned, his eyes widening as he seemed to recognize the werewolf standing over her. Maybe it was the same wolf from the clearing after all. Then his eyes dropped to my best friend, and he tensed.
Salvatore tipped his head forward to Connor in another slight nod. Like with the others, it was subtle enough that I wondered if I saw it at all. And then he bent down to help Angela to her feet.
When Connor relaxed a little, I knew we were on the same page. Salvatore, for reasons I didn't yet know, wouldn't let Angela come to any harm.
She looked around, fear in her eyes as she took in the clearing and all the people in it. She let her gaze pass over me and Connor like she didn't know us as friends. Her eyes settled on Martin as he turned his gun toward her.
"Look who's awake. We have much to discuss, traitor."
My step-father was too busy pacing to notice the way Angela leaned against Salvatore. Perhaps it was a trick of the light, but I thought I saw him squeeze her shoulders. She and I needed to have a nice, long discussion once everything was over.
I was proud of her. She stood her ground and answered Martin's questions. Following Liam's instructions in the event of capture, she said she did her duty. Didn't go beyond in assisting us. Didn't betray the humans.
It was ironic, some of the questions coming from him. All the talk about betraying the human race, when he was leading an entire branch of Malleus Dei Maleficarum into a completely bastardized version of their creed as a witch.
Calling himself a protector of the human race.
Please.
If someone were true in their mission to rid the world of supernatural creatures, wouldn't they want to stay away from them instead of becoming one of them? His logic didn't make sense.
After she answered his questions to his liking, he gave up and, with a bored wave of his hand, said, "Take her home, Salvatore."
I didn't know if he regretted his witches killing the receptionist in the purple paisley shirt, but at least he was letting my best friend go.
The werewolf took a last glance at me and then Connor, dropped his eyes in farewell, and walked Angela out of the clearing.
The vampires let them go. Interesting. Maybe Salvatore was the protective measures that Liam promised for Angela. And he was working for my step-father under false pretenses. Clever.
I let out my breath as relief washed over me. Angela was safe, at least. She was with someone who was going to protect her. That left an army of witches and their sociopathic leader to stop. A wounded werewolf to rescue, if he was still alive. And six vampires, possibly a trio of pixies, and my lover to protect.
No pressure.
Martin watched me as he paced like a predator stalking from its cage. Black and green swirled in his aura as his rage rolled off him. "Zoe," he purred and stopped walking. "Begin preparing your spell. I want you to take it all from her." He gave me a predatory show of his teeth. Zoe turned around and talked in a low voice to the witches in her circle.
I blinked. Why didn't he want to make me suffer first? That was what he wanted.
Connor looked from Martin, to Zoe, to me, "Please don't do this. Take my power instead."
Martin laughed, his voice echoing in the clearing. "Oh, please. I don't need your power, boy. Besides, you're already spoken for," he glanced back at Zoe.
"You might as well kill me, because I'm never going back to Zoe."
My mouth went dry, fear causing a cold sweat to break out on my skin.
Don't push him, Connor.
"That's not what she wants you for." He shook his head. "That ship sailed, boy. But," he smiled, "I have plenty in store for you before she dies," Martin said, pointing at me. Leave it to him to draw out his perfect little moment. I bit my tongue and understood what he was doing.
It was a Christmas morning kind of moment for him. While Zoe prepared the spell, I would wait to see what horrors he could commit before she would begin.
Fun times.
"Bring the wolf," he called out.
The two men that shot Shadow pulled the unconscious werewolf into view from behind the tower. They dragged him into the clearing about a yard between Martin and Connor. He was still alive, judging by the low thrum of his gray aura that pulsed around him.
"What did you do to him?" Connor asked, trying to restrain himself from going to Shadow's side.
The wolf was wheezing, his white fur dirty and covered in blood.
"Nothing he didn't deserve. I can't believe he is a werewolf. You'd think they'd put up more of a fight." He shrugged. "Put one iron bullet in this one and he's down for the count. What a joke." He looked at me and grinned, "You of all people should know it's much more fun to beat something while they're awake to feel it." 
He cocked his head to the side, assessing me once more, and went on, "How was that linking spell, by the way? You must've stopped it pretty quick, because you aren't bloodied up and wheezing like you should. If you ask me, it looks much better on you anyway."
"You son of—" Connor began as anger washed over him in a bright emerald glow, but my step-father raised his gun at him again.
"We're ready, master," Zoe called.
"Begin."
Chapter 53



In all honesty, I was a little surprised at my step-father. With all of his talk about making me wait, making me suffer so much, I'd beg him for death, he was jumping the gun.
My skin began to tingle as Zoe and the rest of the witches started chanting in unison.
"It's going to be glorious," Martin preened. "With your power, I'll be able to stop anything I want. Right down to those fucking pixies," he smiled and kept staring at me, practically drooling with excitement. Then he leaned his head back and erupted with guffaws, the anticipation of my power too much to contain.
I supposed it was funny in a way, being trapped inside a magical barrier. I was forced to watch everything. I couldn't move. Couldn't talk. My step-father loved it when he broke me down. Reduced me to cries, whimpers, and apologies. But I could do none of those things.
My eyes closed.
Martin gasped in excitement. "That's it!" he cried.
"Aisling," Connor whispered in agony.
I focused on him, concentrated on how much I loved him, not enough to unleash my magic, but I hoped it was enough to change my aura.
"No, please," he said.
"Oh, how precious," my step-father crooned. "She's trying to say goodbye."
"Please, I'll do anything. Just ... don't do this," Connor's voice sounded lower to the ground and it cracked at the end.
"Sorry, kid. You don't have anything I want. You're weak. Pathetic. Her power will allow me to summon a demon and rid this world of every last one of your kind. It will be the greatest moment of my life!"
My eyes flashed open and I looked at him as he smiled down at Connor, kneeling on the ground.
Really?
"Master?" Zoe panted, breaking from the chant.
"What?" Martin snapped, looking at her.
"The spell, sir." She took another deep breath. "It's n-not working." She shook her head.
Connor looked at me and stood up, "Aisling?"
"What do you mean it's not working?" Martin screamed.
"Don't know, sir. Can't ... hold it much longer," the strain in Zoe's voice was obvious as she tried to hold up the power.
"Impossible! You said it would work."
"It s-should be working."
That was the million-dollar question. Before, Zoe twice used one phrase to control me. I was saved by Connor both times, an instant before losing consciousness. The group of about twenty dark witches wasn't making a dent to either hold me with their little barrier or take my power. Connor wasn't offering me his shield, the one trait of Earthen magic I didn't possess, as far as we knew. His orb wasn't even lighting up, indicating I was in danger. So why wasn't it working?
I wondered if there was some correlation with unleashing my magic out of love. 
Could it really be so simple? 
Did I learn so much in the previous ten days that I was more powerful? Able to defend against the combined power of twenty dark witches? It felt good to know I could handle myself against the army my step-father amassed for me. I looked at Connor, locking my eyes with him, and winked.
Connor laughed. It was one of those laughs that caused him to tip his head back and guffaw into the sky.
God, but I loved that laugh.
"Shut up," Martin growled, but Connor kept laughing.
"It's no use. You are one arrogant asshole, you know that? You're also a gigantic idiot," he said through chuckles as Martin turned to glare at me.
I smiled one of those shit-eating grins at my step-father.
He glared back at me and raised his gun to fire it at Connor.
The barrier surrounding me shattered and a shockwave of dark magic erupted outward as I pushed it away.
The witches stopped chanting, the spell dropped, and my body stopped tingling. They were tired. Some of them even fell to the ground and heaved in gulps of air. Some looked downright terrified. Others were relieved. Some in between. Zoe looked away and took a few deep breaths.
With the barrier gone, I could sense everything again and I smiled.
Martin pulled the trigger, but it didn't go off. It was never going to go off. With a flick of my wrist, I pulled the gun from his hands and let it hover in the air out of his reach.
"Connor, how about you hold on to the gun for me," I said and floated it to him. He grabbed it and aimed it at my step-father.
The two men that dragged Shadow into the clearing raised their weapons. They looked confused, then pained as my magic bent the barrels of their rifles toward the sky until they were forced to drop them, or risk broken bones. Whoever the men were, I didn't think they were MDM.
"Why don't you two leave? This isn't your fight."
They looked at me, fear marring their faces, and ran toward the cover of the woods. I let them go, it didn't matter if they were MDM mercenaries or random men my step-father hired. Either way, they were human.
When they disappeared into the darkness, I felt two vampires move toward them. "Stop," I called, knowing they could hear me. "I don't want them dead."
The twin empty, yet energized spaces backed away from the two humans as they ran.
My gamble paid off. I was hoping my step-father's quest for power would dominate over his need to torture me by killing my family. He also gave up some valuable information in the process.
"So tell me, Martin, what's this I hear about you summoning a demon?" I didn't think those were real, but then again, it was one of Connor's first lessons — everything is real.
"It's none of your fucking business," he snapped.
"Watch your tongue or I'll shoot you," Connor said. "I believe Aisling asked you a question."
"It's a demon. What does it matter?"
"Humor us," I offered.
"It's a destroyer. Under my control, he can destroy anything I want."
"Does it have a name?"
"No."
"Try again, or Connor will shoot you in the balls."
Connor's lips twitched at my bluff, but he aimed lower for emphasis.
"Bilu. Its name is Bilu."
Connor pulled back the hammer on the gun.
Martin's hands flew to the front of his pants. "Please," he whimpered, "don't shoot me. That's the name. I swear."
"Fine then. Bilu it is. Why do you want to summon a destroyer demon?"
In my limited exposure to God and the bible, I never heard of any kind of demon by the name of Bilu. But I wasn't an expert, and Connor never steered us wrong.
"Power. I would be the one with all the power. I could control everything. Even the demon."
I shook my head in disbelief. Everything was about power and control for him. "Unbelievable. You've spent all these years killing and hating the very thing you've become."
Zoe looked up at my step-father, ready to act.
"Power is power," he shrugged — at least he tried to shrug while his hands covered the front of his pants.
But then he straightened, looked up at me, and grinned. One finger touched the tiny gold ring on his little finger.
Connor swung the gun toward me with fear in his eyes and his orb lit up with a dim red glow.
"Zoe," Martin barked and held his arm out toward her.
She grinned at me and moved to his side.
His glare never wavered from me. "You just made a huge mistake, girl."
Chapter 54



"Zoe is quite the inventor," Martin mused as he walked in a wide circle around us. "You see, we knew from your earlier run-ins with my men that you could stop bullets," he said, as if he was revealing some huge secret. "That's where Zoe came in. She created a spell that would do three things at once. I bet you can't guess what they are."
I leveled my stare on my step-father, eyes flickering to Zoe, grinning at me in a show of teeth, then back to him and sighed as if I was bored. "Why don't you tell me? I know you're dying to tell me anyway."
"You've got that right," he laughed. "First, Zoe bound the gun, the ring, and your friend," he drawled in disgust before he went on. "Then she enhanced the gun. Once the ring activated, your boy toy would be under our command. But there was still the little issue of the gun."
He completed the circle and stopped in front of me. "If it's fired, the bullet will find you, no matter where the gun is pointed. Both the gun and the bullets, are protected by a complex barrier you won't be able to penetrate to prevent it from firing or to stop the bullets from hitting you."
Wow. The level of confidence in my step-father was astounding. He was all about power. It didn't fit for him to allow anyone to share it with him. "You're seriously telling me that you're going to share that kind of control with her?" I said, not holding back my disbelief, and looked at Zoe in disgust.
She bristled and green flashed in her aura, but she didn't say anything.
"Ah, you know me well," he chuckled and walked to me. My skin zinged from the power coursing through him as he touched my cheek.
I knew that gesture. At times, he enjoyed the contrast between the gentle caress and the immediate pain that would follow from striking me. But I didn't move.
Disgust filled me at his touch and I clenched my fists, drawing blood with my nails to keep me from flinching. I may have beaten the flashbacks, but I wasn't immune to revulsion.
Liam was a genius. I was glad that we spent ten days with him and his nest of vampires, getting my ass handed to me. It was an effective tool to curb the flashbacks.
"Zoe is a useful weapon, especially for someone new like myself." He looked back at her, dropping his hand away from my face. "She is such a pretty thing isn't she?"
My step-father was right. She was pretty. Beautiful even. I could see what Connor saw in her, before she darkened. She was tall, slim, held that hourglass curve in her body that men seemed to love. Before she turned, Connor said her hair was red with vivid green eyes. But after, her hair turned jet black. Her skin was pale enough to pass as a vampire, and her pale green eyes were striking. And, combined with the swirling black aura, she was still as intimidating as the first day I met her.
"She's not a teenager, and she's not cowering under your fists. There's only so far pretty will go for you, Martin," I used air quotes for emphasis.
He laughed, "Right again. It's too bad you're not the girl I wanted you to be. But Zoe makes up for that nicely." Walking to her, she smiled up at him, but it didn't reach her eyes. He grabbed one of her breasts and squeezed it, hard. Pain flashed across her face before she forced it away. He dropped his hand and stepped behind her, bending down so his face was next to hers, and watched me. Our eyes locked and I waited.
I didn't know what he was doing.
He took a deep breath and smelled her hair. Then he slid his hands up her arms in a sensuous caress and leaned back.
And then, in one swift motion, he snapped her neck.
There was a collective gasp as most of the dark witches and I watched Zoe's lifeless body fall to the ground.
Connor closed his eyes and turned his head away. His jaw clenched as fear and sadness engulfed his aura in a brilliant gray and deep blue glow. But the magic in the gun didn't allow him to drop it.
My step-father killed his most powerful witch. He killed Connor's ex-girlfriend. He didn't take her power either. How did he expect to become the most powerful being in existence without her?
As much as I didn't like her, I didn't want her to die. "Why did you kill her?" I cried.
"Because she had power over the gun and the boy."
It occurred to me then that Martin was, without a doubt, an idiot when it came to his quest for power. I glanced at Connor and my suspicion was confirmed.
"You know something, Martin?" I asked, looking back to him, void of all traces of emotion from my face and voice.
He grinned down at Zoe's body, admiring his work for a moment before he looked up and smiled back at me.
"You are the most irresponsible person I've ever met. You are your own class of moron. One of the first things a witch ever learns is that a spell will dissolve when the witch who cast it dies — unless that witch designs it to last beyond the grave."
"What?" he glared at me.
"Oh, did Zoe forget to mention that? It's true."
"Kill her," Martin screamed at Connor.
But the only thing glowing on the man I loved was his aura.
Connor offered a weak smile, the grief over Zoe's death apparent on his face. 
Then, he lowered the hand holding the gun and turned toward my step-father. "Sorry, but Aisling is right."
Chapter 55



The thousand voices whispered to me in my head. My eyes closed, and I listened. They told me what I already knew. But then they said something else. Something that caught my attention.
I wasn't willing to let my step-father cause any more damage. I knew the kind of man he was. Knew he would never stop until everyone I cared about was dead. Knew he'd come for me. He'd always come for me.
They whispered. And they were right.
I knew what I needed to do. And I forced everything down, focusing on Connor. Every moment we shared from the night I first saw him, to hours before, when he told me he would bind with me as a mate. It all passed through my mind.
Then, I allowed the feeling to wash over me. Every look. Touch. Caress. Promise. Action. Everything. I filled with it until nothing remained but him.
Thunder crashed overhead, and I opened my eyes, looking up at the night sky as a storm developed.
My storm.
Lightning lit up the clearing in a brilliant flash of white light, and I breathed in. The electricity hung in the air. Wood smoke — Connor's wood smoke — filled my nose and I breathed him in, letting it fill every cell in my body. 
And I smiled.
I knew how I looked.
My eyes were white and I was levitating while I watched the sky.
"No," I heard Martin breathe. I felt him back away while a few of the dark witches at the edge of the clearing tried to leave, but I stopped them.
The voices in my head were strong. They were willful. They knew what I needed to do. And I agreed with them.
Lowering my head, I leveled my gaze on my step-father.
"That's not possible," he breathed and I felt the vampires moving in. Surrounding the dark witches.
"Oh, but it's true," the thousand voices said. "You have done too much, Martin. This ends tonight."
"You won't kill me," he shook his head, but his aura was engulfed in gray.
I looked at the dark witches, and the thousand voices said, "You have taken what is not yours. It must be returned."
"Aisling," Connor warned.
I ignored him, focusing on how I felt, and the power that ran through my body. Then I lowered myself to the ground.
Connor dropped the gun and moved in front of me. "Don't do this, honey. Please." I could see the fear in his eyes as they searched mine. He caressed my cheeks and kissed me. "You don't have to do this."
Martin would never stop. I knew that much. If he lived, I'd always be hunted. I'd always be afraid. He couldn't live to ruin more lives. And he would. That much was true. I couldn't have more deaths on my hands by allowing that to happen. There was a whole world to protect, and I couldn't do that with Martin in it.
My fingers ran over the stubble on Connor's jaw, and the hairs tickled against me as they always did. I looked into his deep brown eyes and took him in. "We will never be safe, Connor. You will never be safe."
"He's not worth it. You don't know what it will do to you. You don't know what it would do to me." Connor's eyes filled with tears. It felt like he was saying goodbye.
"No," I said, both to him and to me. And then I steeled myself. I needed to hold my power. Needed to finish it. "I'm not going anywhere."
"Then don't do this!"
"I'm sorry, Connor." For once, it was a valid apology. I knew what it would do to him. But I could feel my power. I could hear the voices. I knew what I was doing. It wasn't going to darken me. "Please, trust me."
His arms fell away from my face. He stepped back, and tears fell from his eyes before he turned away. He moved to Shadow, dropped to his knees, and ran his hands over the unconscious werewolf's bloodstained fur.
I took a deep, shaky breath and looked back up at the sky.
And then I forced my mind to refocus on everything that happened between us. Everything that made Connor the one for me. My mate. My life. I forced out the pain in Connor's face and let my power bloom, envelop me in its warm embrace.
I dropped my head forward and leveled my gaze on Martin again. Releasing magic into the sky, lightning shot down through the clouds, hitting me. The electricity of each bolt fired through me, and I pulled each one inside, filling me. Charging me.
Connor looked up and watched in horror, fear swirling with the despair in his aura, as flash after flash of lightning hit me from above.
The witches and Martin fought against my magic, but they couldn't break free. Falling to his knees, Martin blubbered and begged until the lightning stopped.
I looked at the witches near the edge of the clearing. "Release your spells and return the magic you've stolen or you will share the same fate of your leader."
One by one, my power pushed each witch to their knees. Their hands splayed against the frozen ground, and I forced out all of the magic they stole. Plumes of black smoke poured out of their bodies and snaked down their arms, blanketing the ground in an inky fog.
By the time the black smoke stopped flowing from them, they looked wary. But none of them emitted black auras any longer. Connor gasped as their auras pulsed with white and then dulled to gray.
The black smoke traveled across the clearing, killing the dormant grass as it moved. It diverted around the vampires, curved around Connor and Shadow, and then snaked back around to me. It lifted up from the ground toward my outstretched hand. It hovered there, inches from my palm, and rolled into a swirling black ball.
"If you take what is not yours again, you will be bound to the Earth along with him," the thousand voices said as I pointed at my step-father with my other hand. I glared at the witches for a moment and then turned my attention to the man that hurt me and my family. "I bind you to the Earth, Martin."
Then I unleashed.
Bolts of electricity shot from my hand into Martin's chest. He screamed as his magic oozed from his skin, out his mouth, nose, ears, and eyes in a sick, damp, black fog. Then a faint white smoke, like a thin cloud on a spring day, oozed from him. With one, final bolt of energy, his scream cut off. He fell to the ground next to Zoe's lifeless body and the light died from his eyes.
Thunder and lightning raged overhead as Martin's magic and essence snaked through the dying grass and moved toward me.
Martin’s contrasting plumes of black and white fog lifted from the ground and merged with the inky swirls of smoke that continued to rotate under my hand from the dark witches. It rippled and circled like a miniature planet of obsidian fog.
It was time.
Chapter 56



I dropped my hold on the witches but kept the swirling ball of black magic swirling under my hand. I took a deep breath and made myself a promise.
I would grieve later.
Once I was finished.
I dropped to my knees as Connor looked away. With a scream, I slammed my hand down into the frozen ground by several inches, and forced the black magic into the earth, willing it to purify as it went. The trails of blackened grass disappeared as the ground healed itself.
The iron bullet was lifted from Shadow's body next. Then, I healed every broken bone, every piece of broken skin — until he was whole again. I breathed a sigh of relief when he woke up a few moments later.
My hands trembled and I looked at him. Then to Zoe and Martin, dead on the cold ground. And last, to Connor. He kept his back to me. His hair blanketed around his face so I couldn't see him. My breath caught in my throat as I realized the magnitude of my actions.
It was finished.
It was done.
I crumpled and fell to the ground.
The storm raged above me. Illuminated the night around me. Roared at me in anger. And tears began to fall.
Oh, god, what have I done?
I lost Connor.
Choosing to end the war, I took a life to protect him. I didn't choose him. I chose to keep him safe. I cried out, beating my fists against the ground. I was supposed to choose him! I screamed and clamped my eyes closed.
Why did I do that?
Liam approached, shouting something at Connor, but I couldn't listen. I pushed my hands against my ears. I couldn't bear to hear the sound of Connor's voice. Couldn't bear the smell of him. Anything about him.
Oh, god, but I couldn't feel his pull anymore.
It was over.
Truly over.
It was so much worse knowing I took a life instead of choosing to stop. For him.
How could I do that to him?
I was blind, unwilling to see the scene around me. See the body of my step-father. And I couldn't breathe.
What have I done?
No life was worth mine, and my inner child screamed in agreement. "Please, let me take it back," I cried into the sky. My reply was another clash of thunder. I heard a howl and clamped my hands harder over my ears.
Shadow. The companion that entered my life in a whirlwind like Connor, and fit in right away. Wormed his way into my heart with ease as a friend. Family. I would lose him too.
I lost what I feared the most. I wanted to be the one to fade into the depths of the Earth and never see the light again.
"Can you not see she is suffering?" Liam shouted.
No, I can't hear this.
Turn it off.
Turn it off.
turnitoffturnitoffturnitoff.
Something cold and wet touched the back of my neck and blew hot air on the moist flesh.
Please, Shadow, just kill me now. 
I begged into the void of misery.
I couldn't speak. Wouldn't speak.
Just kill me. Rip out my throat and let me be finished.
I curled in on myself, hugging my knees to my chest without removing my hands from my ears.
My eyes opened, and I was startled to find I wasn't on the ground. I was floating over it while my body writhed, sobbed, and trembled with grief beneath me. The body of Martin and Zoe lay, dead in the grass, a few feet away from mine.
Liam picked up Connor by the shoulders as if he weighed nothing, holding him off the ground as he yelled in his face. But I couldn't see the vampire's face well enough to discern what he said. And I didn't want to see Connor's face. Couldn't bear it. The wolf stood, looking back and forth between the arguing men and my body.
He pressed his nose into my neck again and my body shuddered. I curled deeper into myself as another howl ripped from his throat into the stormy sky above him. The two men stopped grappling at each other and looked at me.
But then my screaming cut off. My body stopped writhing and went limp.
And then everything faded away.
Chapter 57



"She is not dark, Connor," Liam's voice reached me in the darkness that surrounded me.
How ironic it was to be surrounded by darkness, but not become a part of it. I wanted it to eat me, so nothing remained of me. So I wouldn't hear.
"Look at her," Liam continued. "Do you see black in her aura? No. It is blue, Connor. Dark blue. You know what that means, do you not?"
I was stuck in oblivion with no way to block them out. Even alive, a shell of myself within the blackness, I was aware of them.
And I was in hell.
"Of course I know what it means," Connor growled.
"Then you know she is not dark. She is grieving because she believes she has lost you."
I didn't want to listen to them speak anymore. The cadence of their voices hit me like a truck with each syllable. It was hard enough existing by myself in the infinite expanse of nothing, still aware of my body's surroundings, with all of my senses intact except for my vision.
"Why do you let her suffer so?" Liam's voice softened.
"She took all that power. She killed her step-father!"
"Why do you think she killed him? I heard what she told you. You know her better than anyone."
"I don't know," he whispered.
"Did she do it for revenge? Did she do it because she was scared? She never once indicated she was out for revenge, and she sure as hell did not look scared. They showed her what to do. And do you know why she did what they wanted?"
"No."
"She did it to protect you! All of this, she did it for you. To save your sorry ass!" Liam bellowed the last words.
"Why would she do it to protect me? This was always about her."
If only it were that simple.
"You knew the type of man Martin was, did you not? He would always find a way to come after her. And he enjoyed causing her immense pain in the process. You would always be the first one he would attack, just to hurt her. You would never be safe as long as he lived."
"That should have been for me to choose. Not her."
"No, it was not. It is in her very nature to protect the people she cares about. Not waiting for others to do it for her."
God, but Liam was right.
"Why didn't you kill him?"
"She would have never allowed me to do it, though I would have if she asked. I know Earthens, Connor. This is not something they leave to others. Did you not see what she did? She took what was wrong and returned it."
"What?"
"She did not take the magic into herself and she did not take his essence. She put it all back into the Earth."
"No."
"It is true, Connor! You still have much to learn. All while she suffers!" He sighed, "Do you not recall that dark magic was not known to be prevalent during the Earthen reign?"
Silence answered him.
"Dark magic is new because they would take it and return it to the Earth. Do you not see it?"
"See what? I don't understand what you're trying to say."
"Everything she did tonight was her nature. You were her strength. And you turned your back on her. She still managed to hold on so she could protect you. I admire her for not letting it in until afterward. But the fact of the matter remains. She believes you are lost to her. She is empty without you."
More silence filled the air. And it was deafening.
Liam sighed. "Earthens derive their magic through their emotions, correct?"
"Yes."
"She is one, where there were once twelve, correct?"
"Yes," Connor replied, drawing out the word in confusion.
"Those twelve shared their magic, had less overall, which meant less emotion — but still more powerful and potent than anything else in existence. In order for her to handle the power within her, she had to have more will. More emotion. The emotions she experiences are so much more potent to her than they were to the twelve. Far beyond your ability to grasp."
"Holy shit," Connor breathed.
"Yes, holy shit is correct. The way she experiences love, loss, anger, everything, is all heightened far above anything you have ever felt in your life. After everything you have seen her do, after all she has said, all she has lived for. After your time together, knowing how she felt, and how strongly she felt it. Knowing how much she is feeling right in this very moment, are you going to let her continue to suffer?"
More silence stretched on and my heart shattered into pieces, scattering across my body like glitter.
I was done listening. Nothing would change. I helped my soul mate and that was enough. I protected him by refusing to let my fears stop me from doing the right thing. If that's not the definition of self-sacrifice, I didn't know what was. If nothing else, I could hold on to that.
But in those long moments, I wanted to be alone.
In time, I would pull myself back together. I'd pull myself back up and be what I needed to be. What the world needed me to be. I just wanted nothing for a while. I wanted to stop hearing. Stop feeling.
I never felt something so much in my life, loving Connor. And losing him.
Liam was right. Earthen witches were emotional creatures. If they weren't, how would they accomplish anything with their will? I was the only one, which required me to feel more than they could. And it ruined me.
"Jesus Christ, boy! If you will not help her, then I will." I heard Connor hit the ground with a grunt as Liam moved closer. He didn't make noise when he moved. Why was he making noise? "Anything would be better than nothing," he growled.
Hands grasped my shoulders. They were cold, hard, and foreign. I tried to move away, but they clamped down, refusing to let me pull away. I whimpered when Liam lifted me in his arms and wrapped them around me.
"Stop," Connor growled.
Chapter 58



No, this can't be happening.
I curled tighter, trying to disappear. Anything would be better than this.
"Get away from her," Connor said.
The cold, stone boulders that held me lowered me back to the ground with care.
No.
Make it stop.
I'd rather be held by Liam. If I needed to choose, I would choose Liam. It would hurt too much to be that close to Connor again. It would feel so much worse to have him comfort me before he left. "Liam," I whimpered, trying to find him in the dark.
My other half, the magnet I no longer felt, reached me. The smell of wood smoke crowded my nose and I screamed in pain when his warm hands lifted me up. I thrashed around, trying to move away, but he was too strong. He sat down behind me and pulled me back to his chest.
Don't do this to me.
Make it stop.
makeitstopmakeitstopmakeitstop.
I screamed again. This was so much worse. Why wouldn't he just leave?
"Aisling," Connor crooned. "It's alright now. It's alright."
I kept struggling. I kept screaming.
"Aisling, please, listen to me. Relax."
I didn't.
I couldn't.
All I wanted was to be alone. I didn't want him near me, drawing it out. It would do nothing but make it worse for me. He needed to leave. "Please, just leave me alone," I sobbed and screamed at the same time.
"Tell her what she needs to hear," Liam growled from behind us.
"What does she need to hear?" Connor shouted over my screams.
"For Christ's sake, boy. She needs to know you are not leaving. If you still plan to, you would do well to just leave. You are torturing her."
"Ais—"
"Tell her the truth or leave," the vampire growled. "Do not put her through this twice. Do you understand me?"
"Would you shut up, Liam?" Connor shouted. Then, he squeezed me tighter and dipped his head toward my shoulder. His warm breath hit my ear and I flinched, trying to move away from him. His arms tightened more and he spoke to me in a low voice, "Aisling, honey, I'm not going anywhere. I'm right here."
No.
"I love you, Aisling. I'm sorry for turning my back on you. I'm so sorry."
My eyes refused to open, but I sagged against him, sobbing.
"Shh, it's going to be alright. I'm not going anywhere." Connor repeated it over and over again as he rocked me. My sobs slowed and, in time, stopped.
After what felt like an eternity, he said, "You did the right thing."
Taking a life was bad, but losing everything else made it that much worse. "I'm sorry," I whispered.
Connor pulled me up so I would face him. I wasn't ready to look at him yet. I held my eyes closed. "Aisling, look at me," he said, smoothing my hair away from my face.
"I can't," I whispered, as more silent tears slipped through and I tried to turn my face away.
He touched my chin and pulled me toward him. "Yes, you can. Look at me, Aisling."
I sighed, steeling myself, and forced my eyes to open. To look at him. Concern was written on his face, and he caressed my cheek. "You did the right thing. It was my fault for turning away. You have nothing to be sorry for. I was the one that didn't understand what was happening. I didn't realize how strongly you felt. It's a mistake I won't make again. Do you hear me? I'm not leaving you. I love you."
I stared at him for a long moment, his eyes searching mine as his thumbs caressed my cheeks. His lips curved upward, in the kind of grin that, before that moment, made me smile back at him, and his dark brown eyes lit up, revealing no hints of doubt. I smiled back, but it was a fraction of what it once was. It was all I could muster. "I love you, too," I whispered.
Just like that, Connor's pull was back.
Liam was right about everything. There was no light or dark with Earthens. Only emotion. Will.
Connor was my source. My purest emotion. My will. It was always him. It would always be him. And I thought I lost him.
But I didn't.
Chapter 59



That moment didn't last long. Connor's grin faded and sadness washed over him as his eyes flickered to Zoe's lifeless body. Without thinking, I pulled him into a hug and held him. It no longer mattered what he thought about her. Or how he felt for her. She was dead and there was nothing any of us could have done to stop it. And we grieved together.
After he composed himself, Connor nodded and pulled me to my feet. Then we walked back to Liam's home together.
The next evening, we spent time at the library. Angela, with her new friend, Salvatore, helped Liam, Connor and I to search everything in her vault, trying to find out if demons existed. Even Shadow was there. It was odd seeing a two-hundred-and-fifty-pound white wolf tapping on a computer keyboard with a claw, reading the words on the screen.
When we discovered they existed, we searched for clues. If there was such a thing as a destroyer. If there was a demon called Bilu. But we didn't find anything useful — except that the few times when a successful summoning was completed, it was met with some of the worst tragedies in human history.
Afterward, Angela assured me that Salvatore was a concerned friend, and nothing more. But I could see how he looked at her. See the way his aura lit up around her. Bugs even preferred him over me, which was surprising to see the pudgy, gray cat purring with abandon against a werewolf, even in human form. I wondered how much she could see his heated stares, or if she was oblivious to it all.
We spent Thanksgiving at Liam's. All the members of his nest were there. The vampires ate with us, as they did for many meals before. Blood as their only source of nutrition was yet another myth, it seemed.
Angela was there, sitting next to me, dwarfed by Salvatore, sitting on her other side.
Shadow lounged on the floor, wolfing down his plate of turkey and stuffing while Connor sat next to me, at last looking relaxed in a house full of vampires. He and Liam began speaking on a first-name basis.
Even the triplets were there, but they spent more time complaining about the dilapidated exterior of the home than they did eating. They talked about dusting some of the witches after they ran from the clearing. I didn't know what they did to them, and I didn't ask, but I appreciated it, nonetheless. It was strange that Angela was the only one that couldn't see them as anything but birds. I was glad they were okay. Glad everyone was okay.
Shadow and Salvatore sparred in the training room after we ate. Almost everyone at Liam's home was packed into the room to watch the two wolves battle. Neither one shifted, and they fought with grace in a blur of speed and strength. And it was quite a show. Even Angela looked impressed, which didn't happen often.
When they finished sparring, Connor gifted Angela with a charm bracelet, which was spelled so she could see others for what they were. Once it was in place on her wrist, she gasped, seeing our auras for the first time. 
She didn't hesitate to hug us, muttering her thanks a moment before the triplets flew into view to introduce themselves to her, in their perfect symphony of synchronized voices.
I explained a few aura colors to her after they flew away, leaving out a few important ones, like pink and red, on purpose. With Salvatore's heated glances and a flaming aura to match, I figured it wouldn't take her long to piece them together.
That was the last night we stayed at Liam's. Word spread about my step-father's death, and the rest of the Malleus Dei Maleficarum sects were washing their hands clean of him.
True to Liam's word, the vampires fixed my home, and it looked like nothing happened. The old, oak front door was either replaced or restored to its former glory. I couldn't tell which, but it was perfect. The bullet holes were repaired and the back door was replaced.
We dropped our bags and walked into the living room.
I didn't realize how much I missed my home through all the training and battling.
"I missed this couch," Connor said from behind me, mirroring my thoughts. I turned around and watched as he ran his hand over the back cushion and his aura spiked with red. We shared some great memories in that spot. And I grinned devilishly at him, remembering.
That was when I noticed the blanket. The same, soft, Native American blanket we slept under our first night together. The same one we wrapped Shadow in when he was hurt. Liam sent Jorge to the cabin where we left it. He retrieved it, and it revealed no stains. As if what happened with the werewolf never occurred. "Look," I said, nodding toward it and smiled.
There was a linen envelope resting on top of it. I picked it up, opened it, and pulled out the letter sitting inside.
Aisling,
Please accept my apologies for everything that has hurt you. On my honor, I will protect you with my life.
I thought perhaps you might like your blanket returned and I took great care in restoring your home. I hope you do not mind a few upgrades I have installed.
Yours, always,
Tobias
I didn’t know what upgrades Tobias referred to in his note, but I appreciated the gesture.
"Damn," Connor said in mock horror. "You have another admirer."
I laughed and he caught me around my waist, moving closer.
"Why don't you go upstairs and put on that dress and those boots you wore to the date we almost had? I think it's time we had our first date, don't you?"
"Where are we going?"
"Nowhere. I'd rather stay here."
I smiled up at him. I was hoping he would say that.
Five minutes later, I looked at myself in the twin mirrors on the back of my closet doors. I looked the same as the first time I wore the dress for our date, but I looked more suited for it somehow. I smiled and closed the doors.
I descended the stairs, taking my time as I went. The soft sounds of music playing from the sound dock in the kitchen traveled to me. And I watched as Connor came into view.
His hair was slicked back, away from his face, and he wore one of the expensive suits Liam insisted he take when we left. His crisp white shirt was open at the wrists and he left it open a few buttons down in the front, just the way I liked. His pants were black and hugged him in all the right places. He wore the shiny shoes Liam gave him as well.
He pulled a bouquet of wildflowers, consisting of primroses and a few daisies, from behind his back when I approached him. And then he gulped, taking an appreciative slide of his eyes over me. "You look amazing."
I smiled and kissed him, reaching for the flowers. He held on to them for a moment, so he could kiss me longer before he released them. "You do too," I smiled and took the flowers to the kitchen, dropped them in a vase, and added some water to the stems. I walked back to him. "Thank you for the flowers, they're perfect."
"You're welcome." He grinned and held out his hand. "May I have this dance?"
I smiled and put my hand in his, and he yanked me to him. I gasped as I collided against his body. His hands wrapped around my waist, and he didn't move.
"Are we going to dance?" I asked.
He shrugged, "I don't know how. I was hoping you could teach me."
I laughed, "It's easy, I think. Do you want to be close, or traditional?"
He raised his eyebrow, his pink aura peppering with light blue. "Is that rhetorical?"
I ran my hands up to his shoulders and held him closer as he leaned in. "That's step one."
"Step two?"
"You lead. Sway to the music or move your feet. Just do what feels right to you. That's about it. If you want to learn how to waltz, we might need to ask Liam for help."
"Yeah, let's just stick with this for now," he grinned and started moving to the music.
We swayed, falling into a rhythm together. And as I began to think he wasn't doing too bad, he bent me backward, catching my leg and lifting it in the air. I gasped at the sudden change of pace and then he stood me up, caught my hand, and spun me around before holding me close again, but this time he held one hand while his other rested on my waist in a traditional stance.
I narrowed my eyes at him. "Liar."
He laughed, "I just wanted to see what you'd do."
We danced, in a slow, yet heated rhythm. His aura flamed red for a few minutes and then he stopped, right in the middle of the song. "What—"
I didn't finish my question because he kissed me, slow, and passionate, which matched how we were dancing. I moaned as he deepened the kiss, but then he pulled away, and I whimpered.
He grinned and dropped to one knee. My mouth went dry and I grinned back down at him. "Aisling Marie Green, will you marry me?" he asked and pulled out a ring with an intricate Celtic design on the sides surrounding my birthstone, a round, green opal.
"It's beautiful, Connor," I breathed, staring at it.
"So, will you marry me?" His forehead creased, pleading for me to answer.
"Of course I will!" I cried and dropped to my knees in front of him. Then I kissed him, hard.
He wrapped his arms around me and held me tight against him. "Wait," he breathed and pulled back. "Can I put it on first?"
I laughed and gave him my hand.
He slid the ring on my finger and I smiled, watching it sparkle. "I love you," he whispered.
I felt a rush of power and I knew what happened. "I love you, too," the thousand voices whispered back as I pulled my white eyes away from the ring and up to his. That wasn't lust I was feeling. His proposal and declaration caused me to unleash. I smiled back at him.
Then I flung myself on him, his laughter of surprise filled the air before it cut off with a moan.
Chapter 60



Two days after Connor asked me to marry him, we walked the snowy streets of downtown Nashville.
We walked together, carrying cups of coffee from George's. It was a perfect day. The snow was fresh and clear and the number of tourists was light for such a big shopping weekend.
Connor wore the same style of clothes as always underneath his open wool coat. I looked downright drab compared to him, wearing a white shirt and light jeans. My coat was open, too. The last few weeks were enough to cure me of ever constricting my body movements again. I leaned over and kissed his shoulder. Breathed in wood smoke.
He stopped and turned to face me. "You don't have to be shy. If you want to kiss me—" he leaned down and his lips brushed against mine like a feather "—then kiss me."
I almost dropped my coffee cup, but I caught myself. I unlaced my fingers from his and pulled him by his coat collar for another kiss, but I wasn't as gentle. By the time I pulled away, his aura was swirling with red. I grinned at him, took his hand, and started walking again.
It took him an instant to recover and he fell in step with me. "That was—" he coughed "—nice."
I grinned again, because his aura was still vibrating with red.
Something caught Connor's eye in the Paint Shop. He stopped walking and looked down at me.
My phone started to ring and he grinned. The Imperial March poured out of it at full volume. I didn't set that ringtone.
Connor gave me a quick kiss and turned to the store.
I narrowed my eyes at his back and pulled out my phone. The sound of his laugh hit me as I looked at the screen.
It was Angela.
I chuckled, turned toward the street, and answered, "Hi, Angela." 
Oh, if you only knew about your new ringtone, courtesy of Connor.
"Aisling, where are you?"
The smile faded from my face. "We're in town. Why?"
"You need to get out. You hear me? The Kramer Scholars are here and they're looking for you."
The blood drained from my face and I turned to the store, searching for Connor inside. But I saw no one. I dropped my coffee and rushed to the door, pushed it open to see paintings scattered across the floor. Allan, the store owner, was knocked out by the counter. "Connor," I called. I couldn't hear anything, but I could feel he was close.
I made my way to the back studio and stepped through the threshold.
Connor was unconscious on the floor. I ran to him, not sensing anyone, human or otherwise, except for Allan.
A faint whoosh of something swinging through the air registered across my senses, and before I could react, it hit me in the back of my head.
Lights exploded behind my eyes from the impact.
I fell forward and landed on top of Connor.
The sound of Angela's voice calling my name from the phone still clutched in my hand traveled to my ears before everything went black.

The End ...


... for now.
Aisling's Journal

Auras
Colors and Emotions

Gray = fear
Green = indecision, anger, envy, guilt, jealousy
Blue = humor (light), sadness (dark)
Black = evil, darkness, hatred
Orange = pride, amazement
Purple = contentment, strength, power, alpha
Red/Pink = desire, love
White = purity, power, hope


Others

Earthen - extremely emotional; uses magic by will, fueled by emotion; when unleashed, eyes change color - red for anger, white for passion/love; capabilities of pre-cognition, sight, shield; vampiric speed; can heal others; not limited by iron ore

Witches - confined by moon magic; may require elements to cast; chanting required to cast; cannot wield magic by will alone; may have Earthen traits; moon magic cannot penetrate iron ore, or manipulate it in any way; iron ore dampens powers, sometimes completely

Elements:
Fire - catalyst
Blood - binds object to caster
Earth, Air, Water - obsolete; primarily used for agriculture

Were-animals - not bound by the moon; typically choose human or animal form and remain that way; vulnerable to iron ore; otherwise they heal quickly; cannot infect witches with their bite

Vampires - two kinds: one turned and one born, changing at the end of puberty, both of which are done through will, not accidental; no aura emitted; eyes flash like a cat's eyes; have fangs; drink blood; killed via decapitation; not vulnerable to iron ore; also not vulnerable to the sun, but are known to prefer the night; blood can heal and reverse some effects of magic; werewolf bites are extremely painful, like a temporary poison; they can also eat food

Pixies - tiny people with wings; appear as birds under glamour; live in gardens; cultivate plant life; pixie dust as weapon, dust has magical properties, can affect targets differently for maximum effect

All Others - not susceptible to disease; not fertile unless they want to be
###
Thank You

This has been an amazing and epic journey, and it's only the beginning. Thank you for reading. If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave a review. Read on for an excerpt from Focus, the second book of the Earthen Witch series.

Always,
Sarah Doughty
About the Author

Sarah Doughty writes where her laptop will follow her, every chance she has. Including into the wee hours of the morning, with her faithful canine companions always next to her or at her feet. Writing is her solace, her passion.

When she's not writing, she spends time with her family or fueling her addiction as an urban fantasy and paranormal romance-reading junkie.

She lives in Indiana with her husband, son, two faithful dogs, and a pair of psychotic cats. Visit her website at www.sarahdoughty.com.
Connect with Me

Follow me on Instagram: https://instagram.com/thesarahdoughty/
Subscribe to my website: http://www.sarahdoughty.com
Favorite me at Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/thesarahdoughty
Find me on Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/TheSarahDoughty
Follow me on Twitter: http://twitter.com/thesarahdoughty
Acknowledgments

This novel would not be possible without the tireless efforts of some amazing friends and family. Without them, I do not know if it could measure up to what it is today. First and foremost, thank you to my husband, Jeff, for being my rock and nothing but supportive throughout this process, including acting as chef, chauffeur, housekeeper, technological genius and troubleshooter, best friend, and toddler wrangler. I love you, so very much. To my amazing friends and beta readers for listening, offering valuable feedback, being my biggest fans, and fangirling when I needed it the most: Mona Riaz, May Timani, Drishti Punjabi, words_and_coffee, and Shruti Lahiry of _realisticdreams_. For being an amazing friend, sheswideawake. Special thanks to Sonny Spencer for offering the correct German translations and encouraging me throughout this entire process. To my mother for doing her best to offer feedback despite being biased, being the best babysitter and grandmother a mother could ever ask for, passing along some amazing recipes, and always being my hero. Thanks, Mom. Finally, but not least, thanks go to YOU, my readers, for loving every second of this journey right along with me. There is still so much of Connor and Aisling's story that needs to be told, along with other stories within their world, and I cannot wait to share them with you.
Excerpt from Focus - Earthen Witch Novels Book Two
Prologue
The Imprisoned One



I grumbled again. That was all I was doing those days. No matter how hard I tried, I could not penetrate through. A few people heard me, but not well enough, not enough to make any difference. 
Destruction was my specialty, but centuries passed since I managed to wreak havoc on the world and I was getting bored. Angry. 
Humans were feeble creatures. They did not listen to us like before. And it was getting very, very irritating. Over time, the lore about demons changed into something they called religion, but we were far, far older than that. We walked on Earth before man, and then man trapped us. We were not forgiving.
A few others like me were called out of the prison beneath the earth. Those lesser demons barely started before witches got in the way, destroying them before they could cause much damage. 
If I ever escaped, I would do it right. Because those witches — the ones powerful enough to kill me — were all dead. Too bad, because it also meant that witches were no longer powerful enough to pull me through, either. It was a catch-twenty-two, as humans called it. 
Fucking humans.
My fingers itched as my talons clawed at the metaphysical walls of the dark place, and I daydreamed of all the things I wanted to do. 
Give me the opportunity to let my knowledge of the human race be used to my advantage, instead of sitting imprisoned, sucking up their knowledge like a sponge. 
So many ways to bring them down. 
I chomped at the bit to get out there.
Billions of souls were all waiting to be plucked out of the ether, coaxed into becoming more. The corrupted. The thought made me drool. I had so many, but I needed more.
Roaring into the empty expanse that surrounded me, the souls — my souls, the ones I corrupted over the millennia — cried out in response. My progeny. The children of the true night. The blackest of nights.
One day, they would help me with my quest. With their strength and talons, they'd be a formidable foe against my enemies. They were waiting for their opportunity.
The power in one of the living corrupted was growing. A dark one. A massive amount of energy, all at once, was siphoned. I could feel it. My time was nearing and I started whispering to the ones outside who would help me.
By the time the light turned on above me, calling me to the body of my host, I was vibrating with anticipation. 
Instructions flashed across my mind, the voice invading my head as it told me what to do. If I had teeth, I would have ground them together as I listened. A name, an essence, was given to me. Find her, the voice said. Kill her.
Consider it done, I responded and opened the eyes of my host.
I was laying down on something soft, yet lumpy — a bed, I realized — while a woman with big tits moved above me, grinding against me and I groaned, having never felt such a thing before. 
Arching my body, I grabbed her hips and pulled her down, impaling myself deeper inside her.
She came, twice, before she milked me dry, wrenching a call from my lips as I grabbed her tits and squeezed them roughly in my hands. Breathing hard, she collapsed over me, her hot breath hit my ear and I pushed her off me. "Hey!" she cried as she hit the dirty floor, but I ignored her.
I stretched, getting used to the body I inhabited, and then looked down at her, scowling at me. I grinned, turning on the Bannerst charm. At least, that was what he called himself before I took his body, claiming his corrupted soul. The first on this journey.
Her gaze grew wicked and softened. 
"Come here, baby," I growled, "I'm going to lick every part of your body until you come for me again."
All too quickly, she jumped back on the bed next to me.
I took my time with her, learning how to move my body over hers, all the different ways I could possess her. True to my word, I made her come. 
Then, after she collapsed for the last time, barely clinging to life as her broken and bleeding body refused to operate, I ripped the shade from the window and the sunlight streamed in. I could see palm trees and the ocean beyond them through the smudged panes. I turned to see the woman bathed in light.
My hand touched her forehead, and then I sucked her soul out of her body and devoured it. As she took her final breath, her soul exited her body and flew into mine, and I took her essence within me. I felt my power increase a fraction with her corruption. But I was going to need many more before my journey would be complete and I would be powerful enough to destroy the world.
With a grin, I embraced Bannerst, my host, and pulled on his trademark faded jeans and flannel shirt. Slipping on his cowboy boots, I walked out the door, leaving the body of the corrupted woman to rot in the sunlight.
I did not take orders. Did not like that the dark one was forcing me into that position. But, I would kill that bitch, just like I was ordered to. I would take my time doing it. I would make her beg for death. 
And I knew exactly how to start.
Chapter 1
Aisling



The first thing I noticed, through the fog in my head as I woke up, were the voices. Then water. Two men were talking, sounding as if they were speaking from the other side of it. Like I was listening to them through the faraway sounds of a conch shell. I was lying on something cold and hard, but I couldn't open my eyes yet.
I tried to remember what happened and memories replayed in my mind. 
The sound of Connor's laughter hit me as I looked at my phone and saw Angela was calling. Her new ringtone, courtesy of Connor, was The Imperial March, playing at full volume. Then the sound of my best friend's alarmed voice hit me. 
A few moments later, I discovered Connor, unconscious. I couldn't sense anyone but the store owner who was also knocked out. Then I was hit on the back of the head and collapsed on top of my fiancé before I went under. 
Fear washed over me.
We were kidnapped.
The words of the men were muddled and I couldn't make them out, but their baritone voices were moving closer. With the sound of metal grinding against metal and a loud click that echoed across the room, the deafening squeal of a door swinging open came next.
Staying still, I listened to them move with heavy footsteps that bounced off the walls and echoed in quick succession.
"Shit, she's still out. Let's just come back later." One man said in a deep European accent.
"Ach! She should be awake. How much did ye give her?" The second man asked in a deeper accent.
"Exactly what you told me."
My sense of time was off, and I wasn't sure how much time passed since Connor and I were knocked out. But the bump on the back of my head that throbbed from the impact told me it hadn't been very long. 
The percussive drumming from the bump increased and I knew I was going to have to move soon or I would develop a headache of massive proportions. Probably a migraine by the feel of it. 
But that was the least of my worries.
Judging by the distinct European accent, I was guessing the men were Kramer Scholars — the first and most brutal sect of the Malleus Dei Maleficarum, or MDM, the Hammer of God Against Witches — that operated out of Germany. 
The MDM were the world's most powerful supernatural killers. They were the ones that fueled the craze of the inquisition. The witch hunts, like Salem. 
Heinrich Kramer wrote two books in the fifteenth century. One he published, one he didn't. They both had the same title, Malleus Maleficarum, but it was the unpublished version the MDM used as their bible. 
Other sects of the MDM investigated others before they took any action. But the Kramer Scholars were the most devout group. They preferred to kill. Or torture. Using some of the most depraved methods known to the inquisition. 
Without opening my eyes, I could guess I was in some kind of dungeon, deep underground, with a river flowing over our heads. Combining that with the fact I was still alive meant they wanted me to talk. And scream. And bleed. 
If I risked moving while the men were in the room, whatever they planned for me would begin. But I needed to know something first. 
Careful to remain still, I sent magic outward, searching for that familiar pull of my fiancé. 
Connor Jennings was a witch. But he was much more than that. He was my mate, a supernatural equivalent to a soul mate. Because of that, I could feel him, like a magnet. True North to my compass. If they took me, they probably took him as well.
It felt like pushing my power through thick mud, but I could feel him, his pull was faint, but there. He was nearby, but I couldn't pinpoint him. Wherever he was, he was in the dungeon with me. And he was still alive.
"I think I might know how to wake her up," the first man said, stepping toward me, boots smacking against wet stone with each step. I steeled myself, and willed my body to remain limp.
A rough hand snaked inside the neck of my shirt and gripped my breast, squeezing it, hard. Pain shot through me, but I didn't move.
"Josef, stop. Ye can't wake her—"
The man's voice cut off as Josef punched me in the face with his free hand. 
Lights exploded across my eyes and my cheek felt like it was on fire, shooting all the way down past my sinuses into my brain. The pain in the back of my head increased from the sudden pressure. 
Despite my best efforts, the combination of his hand, the punch, and the added pain at back of my head from the impact forced me to grunt in pain.
With one final, agonizing squeeze, Josef released me. "Told you I knew how to wake her up. The bitch was faking."
First of all, my life was never easy. I was abused when I was little. Not just emotionally, but physically as well. All by the hands of a man who hoped I'd become his lover when I hit my teenage years. 
I didn't. Only because he discovered my mother was a witch and killed her when I was eleven. My grandmother cast a protection spell that made him forget me. But, since she didn't intend for the spell to last beyond the grave, he remembered and came back for me. And discovered what I was.
As the leader of an MDM group that monitored the Eastern half of the Midwest, my step-father, Martin, was a special kind of sociopath. He took his position with the MDM to his advantage and bastardized their creed to suit him. He wanted power from the very things he wanted to destroy. And I was the most powerful creature in existence.
In the end, he failed. I was forced to kill him to protect Connor and everyone else I cared about. Because a man like him would never give up trying to gain power. He made me miserable as a child, and he was determined to keep doing it until one of us was dead. I had no other choice. But the memories would never go away. I was haunted by them every day.
Despite my best attempts, both with magic and my body, I was too weak to put up any kind of fight against the men in my cell. I could barely lift my head. 
The room was pulled straight from a nightmare. Dark cavernous stone walls, floors, and ceilings surrounded us, and the only light was a torch that sat in an anchor on the wall to my left. The ceiling was dripping in a few places and left little puddles on the stone floor. I was lying on a cold metal table in the middle of the room and there was a small table next to me.
For men that wanted to torture me, they looked pretty normal. They were both dressed in black, which I guessed was both a Kramer Scholar uniform, and practical for torture. After all, it would be difficult to clean blood from anything that wasn't black. 
Their builds were at odds with each other, and they reminded me of Rocky and Bullwinkle. One was tall and skinny, the other short and round. But with the dim light, it was hard for me to really make out their features.
Josef, the tall one, kept eyeing my chest with a gaze I could only describe as lust as his unnamed partner strapped me to the table. When he finished, Josef handed him a normal-looking carry on suitcase.
The short man placed it on the table next to me, angling it so I could see it, and released the latch. Then, he opened it.
Ice slid down my spine as I saw what was inside. 
None of its contents would ever be allowed on an airplane. 
Some were sharp. Some rusted and dull. There were many I didn't recognize at all. There were several items that looked like medieval sexual objects. I didn't need to see them in action to know just how awful it would be to have them used on me. There were some so terrible I wished I never saw them at all. 
Knowing what kinds of tortures they employed in the past was one thing. It was an entirely different story to be the one strapped to a table, waiting for it to begin. Terror coursed through my veins as I watched the man consider me and his tools in the dim, flickering torch light. 
Cold sweat beaded on my forehead and my heart hammered in my chest so loud, I was certain they could hear it. My eyes were wide and the way the man's nostrils flared made me think he could smell my fear. I couldn't be sure, considering how my magic was so depleted and useless, but neither one of them emitted an aura. 
Auras surrounded and were seen by supernatural creatures. The colors of the auras represented the emotional state of the creature it surrounded. Magical objects emitted auras, too, but only as a reflection of the type of magic used on them, light or dark. 
Also, Kramer Scholars didn't employ others. At least I had that much to go on for certain.
The round man standing next to me nodded as he assessed my face one last time. "Do ye know where ye are, Aisling Green?" his heavily accented voice spat my name like it was dirty. 
"Hell," I rasped.
"Ah," he chuckled. "Not yet. But ye will be soon enough. Ye've met my associate, Josef. I am Bernard." His hand covered his chest and he bent his head forward in a formal bow. 
That asshole was fucking with me. "Lovely to meet you," I said dryly, trying to focus on anger and not fear.
"Let's get started, shall we?" he asked. Bernard was all business, as if he was calling a board meeting to order. He cracked his knuckles and turned back to his suitcase of pain.
So much for anger.
It was no wonder post-traumatic stress disorder plagued me. And it was also no surprise that the things my torturer planned to do sent me spiraling against waves of fear. Both of the present, and the past. I closed my eyes, not wanting to know what item he was going to use first.
Pain in my cheek exploded, stinging from the force of a slap. "Nuh-uh, girl. You pay attention to me now," Bernard grabbed my chin and his fingers bit into my flesh. "Whatever ye are doing, ye stop and focus on me." His hand dropped away and he leaned down, the smell of rotten onions hit me with the force of his hot breath. "How did ye become Earthen?"
I wasn't surprised their line of questions would begin with my status as an Earthen. Witches derived their power from the moon and were defined as light or dark, depending on the types of magic they used. But Earthen witches were none of those. 
Earthens derived their power from both the moon and the Earth. Which meant different rules, and more power. An awful lot of it. And that made them the most powerful creatures in existence. It even made them royalty in the supernatural world.
But for three hundred years, they were thought to be extinct. Then I came along. And suddenly everyone was interested in me. For different reasons. 
His eyes sparkled with excitement, and I could tell in that moment, he didn't want me to talk. He wanted me silent so he could use all the goodies inside his suitcase.
I didn't want that to happen and questions like that I could answer. It wasn't as though they didn't already know most of it anyway. 
"I didn't," I ground out, before my torturer punched me in the same cheek that was already pounding. Tasting blood on my tongue as my inner cheek cut against my teeth, I moaned from the growing pressure inside my head.
"If I have to ask ye one more time, I'm going to start slicing into ye pretty face." For emphasis, he pulled a rusted blade from the suitcase. One side jutted out, curving into a nasty and painful-looking point. It looked like a blade meant for carving deep lines in flesh. 
I shivered. "I'm telling you the truth. I turned twenty-one and it just started happening. It was small at first, and then slowly developed." 
How's that for truth?
The blade cut across my cheek and I screamed. I felt warm, thick liquid spill down to my ear and into my hair. My scream faded to a shaky groan as he pulled the blade away from my face.
"Impossible," he spat.
What did he want me to say? 
His friend, Josef, looked like a flea as he bounced from foot to foot in excitement. He stared at the blood seeping from my cheek. 
"Fine. I bound myself to the moon while it was full, during a lunar eclipse. I think it helped that I was on my period." 
Why not throw in a little flair?
I considered throwing in some more, like sacrificial bunny rabbits, but figured that might be too much.
"Better. Why did it work?" he asked, sounding out his w's as v's. 
"That I don't know. I just wanted to be a witch so I could...," good lord what could I say? "So I could be pretty."
Realizing too late the cost of that statement, he dragged the blade down my other cheek. I bit my lip, hard, to keep from screaming again. "Ye will never be pretty again, bitch," Bernard said with a predator's smile, all teeth.
I never believed I was pretty, let alone beautiful. 
Standing at five and a half feet tall, I always thought my athletic body was at odds with my curves and ample chest. Long curly hair hung to the middle of my back and annoyed me more than I actually enjoyed it. I thought my blue eyes, peaches and cream skin, and full lips were my best features. 
Then Connor came along and showed me how wrong I was.
I would like to say my time in the dungeon with Bernard and Josef was met with a bunch of bravado and snide remarks from me, but it would be a lie. I stopped responding after that. They were going to torture me whether I talked or not.
Sure enough, Bernard asked me questions about what I could do with my power. And he kept slicing and cutting for the sheer enjoyment of it.
Torture is not something anyone should ever go through. I thought the abuse from my step-father was bad, but torture took the grand prize.
By the time he got around to asking me about the demon that Martin planned to summon, I was lost in my head. I barely registered the question and wondered how he knew about the demon before the waves crashed into me and took me with them.
Flashback after flashback of memories hit me like tidal waves. 
I was a child, shivering, praying, while I listened to the drunken footsteps of my step-father ascending the stairs.
Years later, frantic over a dog he poisoned with antifreeze. I was powerless to stop his death. To end his suffering. All I could do was cry, and say goodbye to my only friend.
Then I was a teenager, always looking over my shoulder, wondering if he was out there, coming for me. Always feeling unsafe in my own skin. Always withdrawn. Careful with my emotions. 
I was everywhere. 
Everywhere else but in that dark dungeon with the man torturing me.
I thought I beat the flashbacks. Overcame them. But they came flooding back with a vengeance that I, for once in my life, embraced. It was the one time I welcomed them. 
The sounds of wailing off in the distance hit me, and I realized, too late, they were coming from me. My torturer burned, poked, prodded, sliced, and even broke bones. I was dimly aware of the expanding list of injuries as Bernard worked me over, but I was too lost to fully register them. 
The reprieve from the pain sheltered me from the brunt of it, as Bernard no doubt grew angry at my lack of response to his questions. I screamed, but not from the torturer and what he did with my body that day. It was a natural reaction to the flashbacks, but I didn't think he realized the difference.
Or if he did, he didn't care.
After a while, the shouting of the questioning men faded and the onslaught of new injuries stopped and they left. 
I was alone. 
Howling in the darkness of my personal hell.
I didn't know how long I was on that cold metal table, but eventually, everything faded away. And for the first time, I welcomed the blackness that swept me away into nothingness.
###
