KEEPER
by
Tiffany Evans
A Hidden Bloodlines novel
Book 1



Copyright 2013 © Tiffany Evans
Tiffanyevans7.blogspot.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Tiffany-Evans Author/135543839847822


Cover design by: Cora Graphics
Edited by: B&R Publishing
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademarked owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners. 

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of these authors.






Dedications: 
This book is dedicated to my sister, Tia. Without her love, continual help, and hours of reading, it would have never reached it’s true potential. Thank you for always believing in me, and for never turning your back on me.
To: My husband, Shaun, who fought for me, protected me, and rescued me.  Words can never express how blessed I am to have you, let alone how much I love you.
To: Ashlynn, Tyson, and Ryker, my beautiful children. I love you with all my heart!
****
A special thanks to the most amazing critique partners, Chrissy, Wanita, and Meghan. You girls ROCK!












Chapter 1
“Taylee!”
I’d heard my name a lot lately, and for some odd reason, it was always being yelled.
 This time, the deep, angry tone had me scrambling to shove my iPod and sketchbook under my pillow. The sound of stomping boots reverberated up the stairwell. Algebra book. I stumbled over a pile of dirty clothes as I rushed to my desk and grabbed it. Hearing Delmari’s footsteps grow closer, I leapt for the bed. 
He threw the door open, not bothering to knock—obviously not worried I might have been naked—and stood, hands on his hips, glaring down at me. Crap. 
My gaze traveled up his looming frame. I faked an innocent smile, trying to pretend I didn’t know the reason he looked ready to rip me a new one. 
“Your football team lose again? Time you picked a new one to bet on, don’tcha think?”
Jaw clenched, his eyes bore into mine like he attempted to exorcise demons from my soul. Or beat them out of me. 
“Not football, huh?” I didn’t scare easily like the majority of Dreas. Then again, no sane person would mess with a Kember…especially when that Kember was Delmari. He pretty much walked the earth as a badass, savior and god. Trained to protect, he could destroy anyone in his path. 
“What were you thinking?” He half-turned, running a hand over his buzzed, blond hair, before looking back at me. 
“Well…” I averted my gaze to the orange accent wall behind him, wondering how long I could get away with playing stupid. “Depends on what time of day you’re referring to. Mainly, school, though. You know, gotta get those grades up so I can grad—”
 “Veronica Watson. History class.” His eyes narrowed. “Ring any bells? Or do I really need to remind you she stood in the middle of a test and told everyone her hands-on sex ed class would be moved from the backseat of her car to the city park.” 
I rubbed my nose, hiding the smile behind my hand. Her outburst in third hour was the highlight of my day. Only something a Drea, like me, could pull off. “You heard about that, huh? Please don’t tell me you signed up.” 
The hard set of his mouth hid all signs of the laugh lines that usually creased around his eyes. Okay, not the time for jokes. 
“It’s a small town. Now would you mind explaining why she said it?” 
“Because it’s true?”	
“Taylee! I know you don’t get along with her, but really, you had to make her humiliate herself in front of the whole class?”
 “You haven’t heard my side of the story.”
“I’ve told you a thousand—no—a million times not to use your ability, and I swear I’ll…” He paused.
 Pop a blood vessel? Take my car and cell phone away? Ground me? I could’ve gone on all day. 
“I’ll pull your butt out of school if it happens again.” 
My snarky attitude dried up. “It’s not my fault. She’s the one who got all butt-hurt when her boyfriend couldn’t keep his eyes to himself. Then she started telling everyone I’d do some risqué things for a little cash. Like you said, Del, it’s a small town.”
He sat next to me, letting out a huge sigh. If I didn’t know better, I’d say he looked a little spiteful. “Why didn’t you tell me? I would’ve handled it.”
I knew he would have. He never slacked on his job to protect me. I just didn’t need my “daddy figure” fighting my battles at school, too. Leaning my head against his shoulder, I snickered. “How, by making it rain on her?” Along with strength and agility, all Kembers had either an elemental ability or some other physical gift like super speed. We Dreas got gypped. We weren’t fast or strong. All we could do was use our mental abilities to work within people’s minds.
Delmari chuckled and pulled my ponytail. “Don’t underestimate the gift of water, and I wasn’t talking about using abilities. You should’ve handled it differently.”
“You’re right.” I punched the air. “I should have aimed right for her nose.” 
He shook his head. “Good hell, what’ve I created?”
 “A beautiful, controlled young woman.”
“Controlled? Hah! You have yet to learn the meaning of control.” 
 “Which is why you’re here.” I poked him in the cheek. “Honestly, it wasn’t that bad. I just made her stand up and take back everything she said about me and, well…you know the rest.”
He smiled his handsome crooked grin. “I’ll let you off again, but I’m serious. Don’t use your mind control, especially on the ungifted, unless your life is in danger. Promise me.”
Delmari couldn’t stand to stay mad at me, and even more, he hated punishing me. I was his Achilles heel. Good thing or I would have been sent straight to a Drea foster family by now. 
Twisting a long strand of ebony hair around my finger, I huffed. “I’ll try, but it’s so hard. It feels as natural as breathing, you know?” I shrugged. “When something goes wrong, it’s my gut reaction.”
“I understand, but I haven’t worked with you all these years for your ability to be spontaneous and out of control.”
I sighed, remembering the endless hours we worked when it surfaced, just so I could keep it in check. “I know.”
“You also know why you can’t use it.”
“Yeah, yeah. It’s a powerful ability that can screw with people’s lives.”
Delmari laughed, clearly amused by my irritation. “That’s my girl.” 
Not even I could argue with that statement. I was his girl, even if we weren’t blood related. He often complained about the way I acted. When he did, I reminded him if he didn’t act like this, I wouldn’t, either. After all, he was my only example since I was three months old. What had he expected, really? “You know, you should just be grateful I don’t have a physical ability.”
“I suppose you’re right.” He looked down, smiling, and picked at his nails. “You as a Kember would be hazardous. Can you imagine a Drea’s life in your hands? The Authority would really have a messy situation.”
I rubbed my palms together. “So would Veronica Watson.” 
Delmari rolled his eyes, bent down and pressed his lips to my head. “I know high school can be rough, but it’s your last year. If at all possible, be a good girl.”
“What if it’s not possible?”
He looked around the room and let out a slow breath. “Then you and I are going out back with the boxing gloves.” He winked.
A warm glow spread through my body. “Was that a challenge?” 
 Boxing probably went against the grain for most girls, but I didn’t care. I loved to box. Who didn’t like to hit things? Plus, I had a disorder:  I couldn’t say no to a challenge to save my life. Maybe that was my problem. 
“The question is, are you up for it?”
I bounded off my bed, laughing. “Ah, what’s another loss for you, right?” I knew I’d get owned. I did every time. Delmari trained in this stuff—he put the meaning in the word “lethal.” 
He turned toward the door and stopped. His eyes widened as he gazed out my window. Before I could question him, he grabbed my arm and shoved me behind him, slamming my back against the wall. 
My breath hitched. The trees were aflame. A forest fire? I opened my mouth, but the words stuck in my throat. I could only stare at the red inferno dancing on the treetops. 
Delmari’s eyes closed like they sometimes did when he summoned the rain. Water started to pour over the trees, but the fire never wavered. 
Body tensed, his eyes snapped open. Veins pulsed in his arms. “Grab your pack. Now.”
“M-my pack? What’s going on? Can’t you put it out?” I wished I could keep my composure like he did. 
“It’s a summoned fire.”
I stood, hands shaking. 
A Kember set our trees on fire? That was crazy. No Kember would ever do this…
 “Taylee!” Delmari reached back with one hand and shoved me. “Your pack!” 
My heart hammered. I jumped to my closet and grabbed my black emergency backpack. A joke. This had to be some sick joke. Maybe another one of Delmari’s escape drills? Once I secured it on my back, I rushed to stand beside him.
Delmari grabbed my hand and pulled me down the stairs. 
 He pushed the front door open, and I gasped. Ten foot tall flaming walls surrounded our house. They shot up in streams, through crevices in the ground. Thick smoke swirled, darkening the sky. I squeezed my eyes closed, fighting the burn that invaded them. 
Fifty yards away, among the crackling flames, stood a tall man in a black, hooded cloak, his hands engulfed in fire. 
There went my drill theory.
“Listen.” Delmari’s eyes never wavered from the Kember. His voice filled with urgency as he reached for the handgun on his hip. “When there’s a break in the flames, make for the cabin.”
Heat radiated through the air, singeing my skin. Sweat dripped down my forehead and neck. Before I could respond, the figure disappeared. 
I jolted back as he materialized in front of Delmari, grabbed him by the throat and slammed him to the ground. The hairs on the back of my arms rose when the man focused his ocher eyes on me. 
Delmari struggled beneath the Kember. He seized hold of the Kember’s hands and tried prying them from his throat. Kicking his legs up, he nailed the cloaked figure in the gut. 
The man stumbled back. Delmari jumped up and lunged toward him. The Kember vanished then reappeared behind Delmari, kicking at his back, just as Delmari turned and jumped to the side. 
 “Run!” Delmari yelled. 
Despite his words, I froze. 
Rain fell harder than I’d ever seen, focusing only on one part of the woods:  my escape route. It poured like a waterfall from the sky until the section extinguished. My cue. I needed to do what he instructed. He could take care of himself. 
Delmari gasped as he fought to keep up with the other Kember’s speed. He ducked, avoiding the man’s fire-lit fists and swung back at him. Delmari missed. The man tackled him at the waist and slammed him to the ground.
Panic shot through me. Never once had I seen a weak or slow movement from Delmari. The rain. Summoning it to this degree drained his energy. I had to get out of here so he could stop the waterworks. 
Delmari thrashed. “Go!” 
The cloaked figure punched Delmari in the face. He grunted as his head slammed down into a puddle of water. The Kember’s hands gripped Delmari’s throat, cutting off his air supply.
I screamed. My drive to flee halted, and my irrational instinct kicked in. I knew I should leave, but I wouldn’t leave Delmari. 
I lunged forward and grabbed the man’s flowing robe. Pain shot through my hands like I’d seized a hot iron, and I jerked them back, releasing him. 
Taking a deep breath, I closed my eyes, concentrating on getting into the Kember’s mind. Come on, Taylee, you can do this! I focused, seeing the black void behind my eyelids. Then the weight of his mind opened up. 
Pressure built as his mind pushed back toward mine. Like hitting a wall, my progress halted. 
I snapped my eyes open, and the man’s empty gaze flickered to me. An eerie smile spread over his lips. He knew—he knew about my gift; it was the only way he would have been able to stop me. 
Delmari writhed beneath him, his fist striking the Kember in the face. Blood poured from the cloaked figure’s nose. He released his hold and counteracted Delmari’s attacks, struggling to straddle his moving body. 
I screamed, wanting to do something—anything. Hysteria threatened to take me, as I realized the only thing I could do for Delmari was leave. 
Get to the cabin. 
Risking one last glance, I turned my back on the only person I had in the world and ran.













Chapter 2
“When you get to the cabin, take the car. Don’t stop—don’t even look back until you reach the Authority.” The memory of Delmari’s rule echoed in my head. Most people grew up being taught not to lie and steal—good qualities which would keep them out of trouble. Not me. Delmari spent hours upon days upon years teaching me to survive. When he said jump, I leapt. When he said run, I got in the Honda, ignored speed limits and all other traffic laws and hauled ass to the Authority building just outside of Boise, Idaho. 
Which was exactly what I did.
The fifteen minute drive felt more like rowing a boat over gravel: frustrating and slow. I never let up on the gas pedal, but I kept checking the rearview mirror, expecting Delmari’s black Hummer to pull up behind me. Every time we found ourselves in this situation, I got all jittery and anxious. He always caught up to me before I got out of Meridian. 
Not today. 
What if something went wrong? The enemy wasn’t a stupid Rygon keen on siphoning my life and ability away like all the other times. It was a deranged Kember—one with two very different physical abilities. Impossible. 
Maybe that’s why I couldn’t slow my breathing or racing heart as I drove through Boise. I guessed I should’ve expected it’d take Delmari longer. He needed time to unleash his deadly moves and pulverize the guy. Then he’d escape. Delmari was an unstoppable force of nature. No one could take him away from me, not even some super-fast, fire-blasting Kember. No, Delmari would send him straight to hell.
A painful grinding came from beneath my car as I cut across a small slab of manicured lawn, creating my own entrance into the parking lot. Lurching forward, I clenched my teeth and glanced in the rearview mirror at the thick piece of cement which almost ripped through the floorboard. The curb had been a little high, and those flowers—well, what was left of them—were the least of my problems.
I didn’t even know why I worried about Delmari. He always fought for both our lives. He knew he was all I had. My mom, who apparently had been a Drea like me, died. My deadbeat father ran off. Delmari figured my dad must’ve been a Norm—a regular human without an ability. Obviously, whoever he was, he didn’t want anything to do with our world, or me. Delmari was the only one with enough balls to step in and take on a three-month-old baby. He was my savior, my best friend. There was no way he’d leave me alone. 
I zipped past parked cars, jerking the steering wheel from side to side. My head bashed the ceiling as I sped over speed bumps, heading directly for the front doors of the big building. The tires screeched when I stomped on the brake. The back of the car skidded to the side, half on the sidewalk and mere feet from the glass doors. 
Ripping the keys from the ignition, I glanced at the tall tower of bricks. Delmari never clarified whether he meant get to the Authority building or to the head honchos themselves. I wouldn’t half-ass this. Straight to the source. I barreled out of the car, through the revolving doors and crashed right into the front desk.
A chubby lady with red, curly hair grimaced. “Can—”
Through gasps of air, I choked out, “Ian—uh, I mean, Authority Alvarez. Now!”
She leaned back in her chair and started filing her nails. “Do you have an appointment?”
“I—no, but—”
“Get in line.” She gestured to the full waiting room, without even looking up. 
I slammed my fist on the counter, earning her full attention and most likely everyone else’s in the room. “No. Delmari’s been attacked. It’s an emergency!” 
She sighed, holding my gaze with an expression just short of a glare. Tossing her file onto the counter, she pulled a form from a drawer and handed it to me. “Write down everything—”
“I’m not here to fill out a freakin’ form.” I crumpled the page and drilled it at her. 
She flinched when it bounced off her forehead and sat with her mouth agape, eyes the size of golf balls. I jumped over the half door, next to her desk, that led back to the Authority offices. 
Unfortunately, the shock didn’t last long. She sprang from her chair and intercepted my path. “Ian can’t see you right now. Get back over that gate, Missy, or I’ll—” 
I didn’t have time for empty threats. If Delmari needed help, I couldn’t waste time talking to the old-school Strawberry Shortcake. I stepped around her. 
She grabbed my arm, digging her freshly-filed nails into my skin, and jerked me around. 
One impulse came across stronger than mind control. I punched her, right in the eye. Probably a lot harder than necessary, considering she staggered into the wall behind her, screaming. I didn’t pause long enough to care. 
Delmari… 
I took off down the hall and ripped open the first door. Through the sea of shocked faces turned in my direction, one came in clear. Blond ponytail. Bright blue eyes. Black Kember uniform. Ian. 
“Taylee!” He stood abruptly from the highest judge’s bench.
Only a few people could brag about Ian putting a name to their face. For me, it wasn’t something brag-worthy. Like so many others, the majority of the time it left his mouth in a yell. 
I sprinted down the aisle and leapt over the gate that separated the bench and the audience. 
The two burly Kembers who stood on either side of the podium rushed toward me. One grabbed my arms and twisted them tightly behind my back. I stepped forward—or tried to—but the Kember jerked me back so hard I nearly fell backward. 
“D-Delmari,” I said, sucking in jagged breaths. “He’s b-been a-at-tacked.”
Ian’s jaw clenched, and I swore I’d never seen anyone go so long without blinking. For a moment, it seemed he didn’t know what to do. Beside him, the Authority with auburn hair, Favian—if I remembered right—leaned over to Ian and whispered something. 
In the middle of the room, not far from where I struggled, a heavyset man, wearing shackles and an orange jumpsuit, smirked at me. A jury consisting of at least fifty Dreas and Kembers lined the wall on the left. They all looked down their noses at me. Some shook their heads. Others’ mouths hung open in shock.
Great. Nothing like stealing the entire courtroom’s attention. They might as well have handed me a microphone and put me under a spotlight. I glared back, hoping they got my “go off  yourselves” message. 
I knew the Authorities constantly had Kembers and Dreas to discipline, so a trial wasn’t all that shocking. The rules had to be enforced somewhere. Depending on the laws broken, a Kember could be stripped from their guardian rank and thrown in the slammer. Dreas also had a prison. I heard it was literally hell in there. Special walls confined them, trapping their mental abilities inside with them. Some went crazy and eventually killed themselves; others were moved to asylums. Yeah, not a place I ever wanted to be. 
Ian stepped away from his chair and nodded. Xander, the second Authority, pushed his dark, shoulder-length hair behind his ear and took Ian’s spot. Relief flooded through me, even though I knew a “talkin’ to” was coming. Ian would know where Del was. He’d know who attacked him.
Did he really have to walk that slowly? Come on! I wanted to yell at him. Since when did a fifty-year-old Kember move like a half-dead bear? As his foot made contact with the last stair, Ian nodded at his fellow Kembers. He freed me. 
I jerked my arm away and rushed toward Ian. Before I could say a word, he gripped my elbow and dragged me into a room to the side of the courtroom. His office.
“Taylee.” He released me. “That was unacceptable. Do you realize—”
 “Yeah” The more important question was: did I care? Not in the least. “I’m just doing what I was told.”
“Delmari told you to barge in my courtroom screaming?” He folded his arms across his chest.
“No, but—”
“Where’s Delmari?” He raised his hand. His cell phone zoomed from his desk and landed into his palm. Telekinesis. Cool.
 “Didn’t you hear a word I said? He’s been attacked. This guy, he—”
Ian held his finger to his lips, flipped his phone open and put it to his ear. Apparently he’d heard enough. I tapped my foot until, seconds later, he closed his cell. 
“No answer.” He secured the phone on his belt next to his special gun and knife. All Kembers carried them. The Titanium bullets and blade acted as instant poison when piercing a Rygon’s flesh. They were the only things capable of killing Rygons.
“Are you gonna listen? Fire and water were exploding like geysers! There’s no way his cell made it through.”
Now Ian didn’t answer. He pressed a button on his desk and talked into a speaker, “Cindy, come sit with Taylee. Find out what happened.”
“Where’re you going?” I stomped toward him. 
He pointed to a chair. “Sit and don’t talk.”
“No, that’s—”
“Now. Before you really find out what ‘not fair’ is.”
I didn’t like being threatened, not even from Mr. Badass-Head Honcho himself. I planted my feet stubbornly where I stood. Before I could retort, the door opened and in walked Cindy. 
Ian froze upon seeing her. I did, too.
Strands of frizzy red hair sprung from her head like she’d been electrocuted. She held an ice pack on her left, swollen eye and cast me a murderous glare with her good one. Her knuckles blanched against the thick binder she gripped, most likely preparing to use it as a weapon.

An hour later, Cindy’s nasally voice still assaulted my ears. By the smirk on her face, she probably thought the bitch-session made us even. I watched the door Ian left through, assuming he and Delmari were having one of their long, drawn-out conversations. They were possibly even coming up with a punishment for my punching the Norm. I sighed. Come on, Del, let’s get out of this hellhole already. 
“Taylee, pay attention,” Cindy snapped.
“You’ve already asked me these questions. Twice!” I balled my fists to keep them from flying in her direction. Again. “I’m done. Where’re Ian and Del?” 
Her round cheeks flushed. Whether she felt embarrassed or pissed off, I couldn’t tell. “One more question.”
I kicked my feet up on the glass coffee table and slumped back onto the leather couch. “That’s what you said five questions ago.” 
Cindy smoothed her blouse over her red pleather skirt, scowling. I had that effect on people. In fact, I felt the urge now to point out to the poor thing that plastic leather died with the ’80s. Glancing down, I bit my tongue. I didn’t have any room to talk in my mud-splattered jeans and torn green hoodie. 
 “I need you to tell me what happened after you got to the cabin.” 
I stared around the office, remembering how stupid I thought it was when Delmari made me practice escaping. Who knew I’d ever be grateful for those middle of the night interruptions. “I grabbed the cash he hid, jumped into the car and followed the GPS he programmed for me, to here.”
“He prepared you well.” 
“Duh, it’s Delmari. He plans for everything. He built the cabin not far from our house and left everything I’d need there in case of an emergency.” 
 “How lucky we are he did.” I didn’t miss her condescending tone as she brushed her hand over her black eye. She cleared her throat and scribbled notes in her binder. 
I craned my neck to see what she wrote about me. Probably nothing good. She snapped the binder closed and narrowed her eyes. “Now—”
The door swung open. Thank goodness. 
I put my feet down and reached for my bag. Finally. My hand stopped midair. I blinked. A man, who looked to be in his mid-twenties, stepped inside the room and closed the door. Standing in front of it, he held his hands behind his back and stared at the wall across the room. 
Black slacks and button-up shirt. All muscle: A Kember. A hot Kember. Maybe Ian sent him to make sure I hadn’t rendered Cindy unconscious. Whatever the reason, it was fine with me. My eyes wandered over his shirt, which he left untucked, concealing his weapons. His dark, shaggy hair held a slight wave and curled around his ears, almost covering them entirely. 
 I’m a Drea. I’m a Drea. I’m a Drea. I quickly averted my gaze, feeling heat rise to my cheeks. Did I really need to remind myself how messed up being attracted to a Kember was? No. I didn’t. I risked another glance at the dark-haired hottie and cursed myself under my breath. 
“Are you my relief?” Cindy asked. 
“No.” 
I think I sighed louder than she did.
Why was she here again? Norms didn’t know about us—not usually, anyway. She probably slept with one of the Authorities to get the job. What else explained it? After about ten minutes of listening to Cindy gripe and tap her pen against the folder, the door opened again. This time, Ian walked through. 
“About freakin’ time,” I muttered. 
He whispered something to the Kember and then proceeded over to where Cindy and I sat. 
I looked at the door for Delmari, but the Kember closed it before I could see into the hall. This wasn’t the time for Delmari to go all social on me. Hadn’t I been here long enough? Putting my feet down, I stood, hands on my hips. “Where’s Del?” 
Ian pointed at the couch.
Never a good sign. My stomach tightened. “I-I’d rather stand.” 
He settled into the chair across from me. Leaning forward, he stared at me for several seconds without saying a word. “There’s no easy way for me to tell you this, Taylee…” 
Immediately, my suspicions snapped into place. I’d punched his receptionist. What was with the gentle, rabid-animal approach? Shouldn’t I be getting reamed? The fact I wasn’t made my heart hammer. “What do you mean?”
“Our officials in your district discovered his...” He swallowed. “His body about forty minutes ago.” Ian’s gaze dropped to his hands, and he took a deep breath. “He’s gone. I’m sorry.”
Gone? Delmari? 
I laughed. No one could kill a god. 
“Look, I’m sorry for punching your Norm over there.” I motioned to Cindy. “I’ve learned my lesson. Fists away.” I shoved my hands into the pouch of my hoodie and took a step toward the door. “Catch you guys later.”
“Taylee. Sit.” Ian pointed to a chair. “This is no time for jokes. Delmari’s gone, and I need you to focus.”
I stared at Ian. My smirk gradually fell. The normally stern, authoritative glimmer in his eyes disappeared. Now there was only pain and…pity. I kept waiting for a wink or the long lesson on self-control he had down pat. 
When none of them came, I collapsed onto the chair.


Chapter 3
I just stared. He couldn’t be…A heavy feeling hit my core, cutting off my ability to breathe. “Wh-What?”
“I’m sorry, Taylee,” Ian whispered. “Truly, I am. I know you two were close.”
A throbbing pain filled my chest. No—impossible. My head refused to process such a ludicrous concept. He couldn’t be gone. Not Delmari. 
Images streamed through my mind—his smile, his laugh, the sound of his voice...My life couldn’t go on without them. If he was dead, I should be, too. I needed him. I didn’t have anyone else. Determined not to lose control in front of Ian and the redheaded bitch, I silently inhaled.
When I opened my mouth to ask another question, Ian interrupted. “We have a couple options. There are some wonderful Drea families who will take you…” 
This had to be a dream. This couldn’t be happening—not to me. I shook my head, a sob building in my throat. “D-Drea families? Like a foster home?” 
“It’ll only be a few months—until you’re eighteen.”
I got to my feet and jerked my bag off the floor, breathing hard. “No. I-I’m going home.” Delmari would be there. He had to be.
“All that’s left is ash and cement.” He reached for my bag and, with a fast, gentle tug, took it from me. “I won’t place you with a family against your will. Heaven knows you’d be halfway across the U.S. by nightfall, but I can’t let you wander alone, either.” He motioned to the Kember guarding the door. “Taylee Pierce, this is, Aiden Oltman. He’ll be your new Kember and legal guardian.” 
Aiden stepped forward, towering over me. He folded his arms across his chest and gave me a curt nod. 
No. No. No. 
They weren’t going to replace Delmari. They couldn’t. No one could protect me like he could. The sting in my eyes and the pain in my chest swelled into rage. Maybe I overestimated Ian all these years. He was an idiot. “You think I’m gonna go with him? I-I don’t need a new Kember!” 
“I know it’s fast.” Ian held my gaze, like it was supposed to reassure me. “You can’t go unprotected. Aiden’s best-suited for your situation.” He turned away, obviously thinking I’d go quietly and addressed Aiden. “Oakridge, Oregon will accommodate you both. I want you to steer clear of the Boise area—”
 “I’m not going anywhere.” I sat, crossing one of my legs over the other. “Not until Delmari comes.” 
Ian ignored me. “No school and no contact with people in Meridian. Not until the culprit’s caught.” 
I jumped from the couch and shoved a vase of flowers off the table. It hit the wall and shattered in a million pieces. 
Cindy jumped, letting out a horrified gasp. 
“Are you deaf? I’m not leaving.”
Ian spoke, his voice calm. “You’ll do what you’ve been instructed.”
“I don’t want—”
“At this point, what you want isn’t practical. Delmari’s not coming back.” He pointed a finger in my direction. “You will do exactly what Aiden tells you, and you’ll do it without causing problems. Do you understand?”
My whole body quivered as I fought back all the inappropriate names I wanted to hurl at him. “I should’ve let him take me, too.” 
Aiden’s and Ian’s gazes never wavered from my direction. I kept a straight face, hopefully hiding how much they intimidated me. My comment was completely uncalled for. Even I knew it. 
Cindy shook her head, her mouth hanging open. She jotted notes in her binder. Lucky for her, two Kembers were here to keep me from shoving the paper down her throat.
“Delmari died protecting you. That should tell you how important you are. Can you imagine if a Rygon depleted your energy and stole your gift?”
“I’d be dead. Not much to imagine.” 
“Yes, and they’d be wreaking more havoc than they already are. Your gift is rare and powerful. They could do anything they wanted if they had it. I don’t need to remind you in the last few months they’ve been extremely interested in you.” 
“Maybe before you start making assumptions, you should read what your little chick,”— I motioned to Cindy—“wrote about the attack.” 
Ian leaned back in his chair, giving me his full attention. 
“It wasn’t a Rygon. Whatever this guy was, he was pyrokinetic. That’s a physical ability.” My satisfaction rose as the color drained from their faces.
 Aiden spoke, his voice hard. “Impossible. Rygons can’t have physical abilities, and a Kember wouldn’t do that.”
I gritted my teeth. “Well, guess what? This Kember did.”
 They glanced at each other. Ian turned toward me. “You’re certain this man wasn’t a Rygon?”
“Unless Rygons are somehow getting spider-vein treatment, I’m pretty freakin’ positive.” The black energy marks webbed across their faces made them impossible to miss. Like food and water, Rygons needed energy to survive—hence their creepy marks. They collected it from everyone and everything, even by merely walking past them. To actually drain someone, they had to touch them. 
“You’re sure this man controlled the fire?” Ian asked.
 “Yes. The trees looked like giant tiki torches and fire exploded from his palms.” The way he disappeared and reappeared, flashed in my mind. I lowered my voice, becoming serious. “There’s something else. One minute the Kember was standing across the flames and the next, he appeared and slammed Delmari to the ground. He came out of nowhere.”
Ian shook his head. “I’m sure it was the fire. It can make you see things.” His attention shifted to Cindy and like that, he dropped the issue. “Inform Authority Collins and Authority Dansk immediately. Get them a list of every Kember who is pyrokinetic.” He paced the room, hands folded behind his back. “I want every one of them in here and interviewed personally.”
She nodded and rushed out of the room. 
“You don’t understand.” I flung my arms. “No Kember could take Delmari. Hell, an army of Rygons couldn’t. There was something different about this guy, and I wasn’t seeing things.”
Ian stopped pacing. “You know Kembers don’t have both abilities. It’s impossible. Sometimes, when we lose the people closest to us, our mind generates events or occurrences to help us cope.” 
“No, that’s not it.” I gripped my long thick hair at the scalp. “Quit acting like I’m crazy. I know what I saw, and only someone like that could—”
“Delmari was an excellent Kember, but by no means was he invincible.” He turned to Aiden. “Maybe this Kember held a grudge against him.”
“Possibly.” Aiden adjusted his footing and leaned against the wall. “There’s no other explanation.”
Another Kember—or whatever the hell he was—attacked Delmari and they were acting casual about it. The only thing worse than a Kember killing another Kember was one who took the life of a Drea. This was ridiculous. “That makes it better?” I spat.
Ian shook his head. “No. There’s no excuse for his actions. I promise we’ll find him, and he’ll be punished accordingly.”
“So you’ll choke him and light him on fire?” 
 “No.” Ian looked me evenly in the eyes. “He’ll be brought to justice.”
Justice? That wasn’t good enough for me. This so-called Kember deserved the worst. 
“Can you think of any Kember Delmari didn’t get along with?”
Stupid question, but a good way to distract my anger. “No one hated him. You know that.”
 “You know what they say:  keep your friends close and your enemies closer.” Aiden stepped away from the wall, raking his hand through his hair. “Obviously, someone had a problem with him.”
Ian sighed and waved his hand in a dismissive gesture. “No matter. We’ll find out who did this.” He motioned to my new protector. “Aiden‘s perfect for your circumstances. I’m confident you’ll be safe.” 
He directed his gaze at Aiden, who nodded in confirmation. 
“Safe?” My voice sounded so cold I barely recognized it. “What makes you think this idiot,” I gestured my hand toward Aiden, “can do half as good a job as Delmari?” 
 “You’re out of line.” Ian stepped forward and crouched down until we stared face to face. Aside from his eyes, his features remained stoic. They burned into me. 
Did he plan on kicking my ass or lecturing me? 
“I understand you’re upset. None of us are happy about this.” He motioned between Aiden and himself. “That’s no reason to act disrespectful. Do you hear me?”
I stared back. “Delmari is the best part of my life, so don’t sit there and act like you ‘understand’ anything.” Images of me as a child curled up on Delmari’s lap flashed through my mind. When I woke up scared, he was the one sleeping across the hall. Every skill, everything I had was because of him. 
Ian inhaled and stood, addressing Aiden. “I’ll be in touch. Cindy will have Taylee’s file ready for you.” He turned to me one last time with severe eyes. “Be good.”
I scoffed.
Aiden simply nodded, and Ian walked out after holding my gaze a second longer. We were left in the little office alone. I squeezed my eyes closed, hoping I’d wake up from this nightmare. Nope. Maybe Delmari would burst through the doors and prove everyone wrong if I sat here for a while longer. Please, Del.
 Aiden glanced at my small bag. “Is that it?”
“Disappointed?” I looked at him without blinking, wishing he’d disappear. He didn’t. This was, by far, the most horrible moment in my life, and sharing it with him made it that much worse. 
He grabbed my backpack off the couch and said, “Let’s go.” 


Chapter  4
How could the world still function? Cars were moving. People interacted. At least the damned sun had the decency to keep its light behind the dark, menacing clouds. It seemed everything should be at a standstill—or maybe because that’s how I felt: frozen. 
Against my will, life continued to move forward. For the first time ever, the situation couldn’t be altered by mind control or lies. I was falling. Fast. No amount of cussing or punching could fight against the rushing air. There was nothing to grab hold of to slow my descent. Was I really diving head first toward a life without Delmari?
I honestly didn’t know, or maybe I just didn’t want to.
I had nowhere else to go; I followed Aiden out of the Authority building and into the parking lot. I pulled my hood up, shoved my hands in the pouch of my hoodie and stomped through puddles of water, soaking the bottoms of my jeans. 
Maybe they screwed up and found someone else’s body. Delmari could be on his way to get me right now. He’d show up at the Authority building, find out where I was and then get me the heck out of here. Everything would be fine. No need to panic. 
Aiden stopped in front of a sleek Nissan Titan. The big black truck had about a three inch lift and tinted windows. Any other day, I would’ve been the first person to jump inside, saying how it was the sweetest truck known to mankind. Not today.
I jerked the door open and climbed in. I slumped down in the seat and crossed my arms, casting my glare out the passenger window. Once we pulled onto the highway, the truck gained speed until everything blurred and stretched by in a haze of color. 
He’s not dead. Just delayed. He’s on his way. My eyes burned, and my head hurt from trying not to cry. I’d always been good at blocking out the unpleasant—sometimes too good. This time the nagging voice that whispered nothing will ever be okay again wouldn’t shut up. 
I patted the pocket of my jeans, where I usually stashed my iPod, quickly remembering how I shoved it under my pillow. I swore and swallowed back the lump in my throat. Of all days to leave it. Desperate to distract myself, I opened the jockey box looking for some sort of magazine—anything to divert my thoughts. Nothing. Unless I wanted to learn about the vehicle’s inner workings. I slammed the compartment closed. No thanks. 
Aiden shot me a sidelong glance but said nothing. 
Shocker. He hadn’t spoken a single word since we left. Not that I expected him to have an actual personality. Most Kembers didn’t. His rigid posture and deadpan expression were typical and worn by ninety percent of Kembers guarding across the world. For all I cared, he could keep staring straight ahead, tapping his freakin’ fingers on the wheel. 
We continued our ride in silence, and every minute passed seemed like an eternity spent in purgatory.
Aiden cleared his throat and hesitated a moment. “Delmari was a highly regarded Kember…He’ll be missed.”
I snorted, wondering if he’d been thinking of that line the entire time or just wanted to start a conversation. Although, he didn’t seem verbose, by any means. I ignored him and continued to stare vacantly out the window. 
“Did you really try to fight that Kember?” 
Maybe I heard wrong. He sounded the teeniest bit impressed. 
I cringed, feeling the hole in my stomach burrow deeper and deeper, but I didn’t have the control to ignore that question. “You expected me to stand by and watch?” 
“No…I expected you to run like any other Drea.”
I turned and looked at him steadily. “That’s because ninety percent of Dreas are pathetic. At least if you die, you go with some dignity.”
Any Drea who willingly let a Rygon kill them, by taking their energy away, got labeled mental. Aside from murdering someone, it stood as the worst offense a Drea could commit. I had a feeling being slaughtered by a psycho Kember wouldn’t be much better. Most Dreas avoided confrontation. The cowards spent their time so freaked out they locked themselves in their houses. Not me. I had a life to live. 
“I agree.” His gaze slid over me in all my haggardness. “Only you’re no match for a Kember. No Drea is. You could’ve been killed.” 
Dreas could learn to fight if given the chance, but all that seemed stupid now. I didn’t even care anymore. Hell, I’d let Aiden off me if he volunteered. Maybe by the end of the day, he would. 
“It’s not like he would’ve stolen my gift. Which is the only thing you should be worried about, right?” 
He didn’t say anything. 
If you ask me—which no one ever had—Kembers were more concerned about Rygons taking our gifts than killing us. If they drained us of our energy, they gained our gifts. Too many mental abilities made a Rygon more powerful than a Kember. Too many powerful Rygons would overthrow the Authority. 
Yeah, they gave up their lives just to keep us safe from their mortal enemies. I called BS on that one.
Suddenly intrigued and relieved by the distraction he provided, I studied him in his black button-up shirt and suit pants. Dark circles lay beneath his eyes. “What’s your gift, anyway?”
He didn’t answer right away, and I wondered if he heard. 
“Heightened senses.” 
“Heightened senses?” I hated myself for being curious. “How does it work?” 
He pulled open the middle console separating our seats and fished around inside. “I can see and hear for miles, pick up on any scent and by touching someone or something, I can feel their emotions.” A little white Excedrin bottle rattled in his hand as he pulled it out.
That explained the hungover look—he probably didn’t get much sleep. “So…if you touched me right now, you’d feel what I’m feeling—like an empath?” 
He nodded.
I made a mental note to stay out of reach. “I control minds.”
“So I’ve heard.” He popped a couple white pills in his mouth and took a swig from his water bottle.
His comment shouldn’t have shocked me. Kembers and Dreas may’ve been good about keeping their identities secret from the Norms, but they sucked when it came to confidentiality. 
His grip tightened on the steering wheel. “I don’t know how things were…run when Delmari was in charge, but there need to be rules concerning your ability and self-control—” 
My cold laugh cut him off. “Who died and made you captain?” It hit me, and the retort immediately lost its wit. “I don’t need any rules.”
“Do you have any idea how many people disagree with that?”
“Probably everyone.” I shrugged. “Mostly Ian.”
“Especially, Ian.”
“Well, he’s a dick. I don’t care what he thinks.” Ian should die a slow, painful death.
His brows rose. “He’s looking out for you. You owe him your respect.”
What a line. “You really are his bitch.” 
He rubbed his temples, mumbling something I didn’t understand. “I know you and Delmari had a special relationship. He raised you. The bond was inevitable and understandable to a point.”
I couldn’t imagine anyone bonding with Aiden. 
“However, had Delmari kept the oath in the first place, his loss wouldn’t be upsetting you like it is. You’d be able to accept a new Kember without feeling your whole world has been affected. Surely Delmari taught you the job we as Kembers have, right?”
Fury raced through me. I couldn’t believe how indifferent he acted toward Delmari. “To be a pain in the ass and ruin lives? Oh, wait—maybe that’s your,” I waved my hand in his direction, “role in this.” 
“You didn’t answer my question.”
“I don’t answer stupid questions.” 
“We’re assigned—”
“A specific,” I used my wisest, smartass voice, “Drea, and you swear by oath to protect him or her from the Rygons until one of you dies. Whoopdee freakin’do.”
 “Yes, but while keeping all emotions aside.” He glanced in my direction. “You can’t tell me Delmari didn’t think of you as his daughter, like you thought of him as your father.”
The dreaded ache in my chest squeezed. He was right. Delmari and I had been daddy-daughter like. Kembers weren’t allowed to have emotional attachments to anyone. It interfered with their call as guardians. Tears burned from the memory of Delmari, but I fought them back. I’d die before crying in front of Aiden. “I’m sure you don’t have that problem. You know, having people who actually like you.”
He continued like I’d never said a word. “It’s our job as guardians to stand by and watch—not interfere. We’re here for your protection.”
 My stomach tightened; heat rushed like liquid fire through my veins. I wanted to put this tool in his place, but I didn’t. The second I did, traitor tears would fall. I was furious—too furious to hold them back. Instead, I pulled my knees to my chest, laid my head against them and looked out the side window. 	 
An hour later, the truck slowed. 
Oakridge was no doubt a small town. Probably chuck-full of in-breeders and hicks. Buildings, which looked like they were built by cavemen, sat on both sides of the street and a small line of cars passed in the opposite lane. A group of teenagers walked on the sidewalk laughing and flirting with each other. Back home in Meridian, I had a pretty normal teenage life compared to most Dreas. I lucked out. Delmari never wanted me to feel deprived, so I had tons of friends. Ninety percent of them were Norms. Plus, a lot of guys that were into me. 
Of course, Delmari’s presence didn’t go unnoticed. What intimidating, six-foot-three man would? My normal friends constantly asked questions about him, wondered why he never failed to be off in the shadows. I had some fun with it. I mean, if I had to lie, I might as well make it a good one. So, I told everyone my mother was an Italian supermodel who couldn’t be around, so she hired Delmari to take care of me. 
Which wasn’t too hard to believe. My mother had been Italian, and I guessed I inherited her thick, ebony hair and slightly exotic features. My skin tone resembled someone who spent a lot of time in the sun, but sun or not, I stayed this color year round. With the lack of knowledge about my mother, she could’ve been a supermodel for all I knew. My curvy figure had to have come from someone. 
We stayed on the main road and drove about ten more minutes outside of town. I groaned when we turned on a dirt road, surrounded by thick pine trees. Back in the forest again. The trees made my stomach turn. I pictured every one of them bursting into flames. 
A one-story, bluish-grey house with a wraparound deck came into view. Aiden turned down the gravel driveway. Apparently, this was the place. It looked pretty basic with probably only two or three bedrooms and an attached garage. I sighed. If it wasn’t for the crappy location, maybe I would’ve called it nice. Maybe.
Cutting the ignition, Aiden reached back and grabbed my backpack from the rear seat. He handed it to me. “The Authority is usually good about stocking houses, but if you need other things, we can go to town tomorrow.” He stepped out, grabbed two huge duffle bags from the truck bed and strode to the front door. 
 The house opened up into a big rectangular living room with two beige sofas and a big chair. We passed a tiny kitchen with light wood floors and cupboards to a round hallway, which held three doors. Aiden pointed into a huge room—clearly the master suite. “My room.” Then straight across was a smaller one which I took to be mine. 
A slow breath escaped my lips as I walked into my new haven and closed the door. Aside from the fact the bedding and curtains were a nasty shade of banana yellow, it wasn’t too bad. A small desk, full size bed, and dresser took up most of the space. That didn’t matter, seeing as I didn’t have anything else to add. I threw my backpack onto the bed, scattering the decorative pillows to the floor.
I dropped onto the mattress and stared at the ceiling, unable to get over how dreamy—no—nightmarish this all felt. I just wanted Delmari to come in and shake me until I woke up. Or maybe even jump out of the closet and yell “psych!” I cringed, the unsettling feeling of doubt growing in my stomach. He wasn’t dead…right? I closed my eyes, but no matter how many feathers they stuffed in this bed, I’d never be able to sleep.
A soft knock sounded from the door. 
I groaned, already dreading whatever talk Aiden prepared. “What?”
He pushed the door open and stepped barely past the frame. “Did you get settled?” 
I nodded. 
“You’re not allowed to leave the house without me—not even to step outside. Don’t answer the door or phone. I don’t care who you may be expecting.”
Jolting to the sitting position, I stared at him in disbelief. “So, where’s the orange jumpsuit?”
He crossed his arms. “Ian called. Delmari’s funeral will be held on Saturday in Boise.”
My heart sank. I hadn’t been expecting that. My voice came out barely audible. “Th-This Saturday? That’s only two days.”
“I know.” 
I bit the inside of my cheek, fighting back tears. No. This couldn’t actually be real. Could it? He’d show up before Saturday—he had to. There’d be no need for the funeral. “I’m not going.”
Aiden’s straight face never wavered. “Yes, you are. It’s a form of respect.”
“Wasn’t the point of moving me clear out in the boonies to make sure I don’t run into the Kember?”
“Ian wants you there. If the Kember attends, you’re the only one who can identify him.” He turned, but before stepping out of my room, he paused. “You’ll regret it if you don’t go. Trust me.” 


Chapter 5
After a-day-and-a-half without returned phone calls, with no change in news and no Delmari, reality slowly trickled in. 
He really wasn’t coming. 
A life without Delmari would be a world without rain. Dry. Desolate. Unrelenting. A life I didn’t want any part of. I held in my screams, fought back my tears and destroyed every pillow in my bedroom. I shouldn’t have left him. I should’ve gone down with him. Instead, I ran like a weak little Drea who thought she actually had something to live for. 
Fat drops of rain ran down the strands of hair clinging to my face and dripped off my chin. I didn’t find it ironic it was raining. It just figured. One more thing that would try to rip me in two. One more thing I wished I’d never see again.
I closed my eyes. The vivid picture of the Kember’s ocher gaze and black flowing robe played over and over again. It was burned in my mind. I’d find the bastard, and when I did, I’d kill him myself—or die trying.
A few feet from where I stood, a vast blue tent covered hundreds of chairs and Delmari’s black casket. Common sense told me to take cover under it, but it was pointless. I was too numb to feel the cold; too detached to feel my wet jeans and hoodie sticking to my body. All I could do was watch.
Long lines of Kembers and Dreas walked by his casket, paying their last respects. A few of the females actually cried. I bit my lip. They had no reason to. It’s not like their life had flipped upside down. Nothing changed for them. They’d go home and live their lives and never again look back on this moment. I took a few deep breaths and wiped the droplets off my cheeks. Focus Taylee. Find the Kember. 
One by one, I studied the face and eyes of each person who passed. I balled my fists, my nails cutting into my palms. 
 “You’re going to freeze, not to mention ruin your clothes.” 
I didn’t turn. I didn’t speak. The deep, carefree tone that usually lifted my spirits had no effect on me today. 
Skyler’s suit jacket draped over my shoulders, bathing me in the warmth his body left behind. It surprised me I could still feel—that something in this life could be warm. With both hands, he turned me around. The rain flattened his short brown hair and ran down his nose. A sympathetic smile creased his lips as his thumbs wiped, what was most likely mascara, under my eyes. 
Despite my mood mirroring the weather, I managed a weak smile and motioned toward my best friend. “I didn’t know you owned a suit.”
Skyler pushed strands of my wet hair behind my ears and shook his head. “I don’t even know what to say…” He pulled me into a big hug, and I rested against his chest. 
It didn’t help the ache. It didn’t get rid of the hurt, but at least something held me together. 
“I’m really sorry, Tay,” he whispered in my ear. “You know I’m here for you. Always.” 
Tears threatened to spill, so I pulled back and stood tall. “It’s—I’m fine. I can handle it.”
Skyler tilted his head. I knew he wouldn’t argue—especially with me. 
A hand gripped my shoulder, and I turned. Joshua looked like he’d gotten as much sleep as I had:  zilch. The pain in his hazel eyes cut through me. His sandy blond curls looked disheveled, and it probably had nothing to do with the rain. He and Delmari had been best friends since before entering the Kember Academy when they were fourteen. 
“I should’ve been there,” he whispered. “I should’ve been…”
The child in me wanted to bury my head in his chest and bawl. “You were with Skyler, where you were supposed to be.” I almost kicked myself for wondering why he hadn’t been there. Delmari would’ve lived if he was. No one stood a chance at taking them both on. Like Delmari, Joshua had the reputation of kicking ass and taking names. 
“Aiden will take care of you.” He presented such confidence I would’ve believed him, had I not already met the guy. “If you need anything, I don’t care what time it is, you call.”
His words brought me a grain of comfort, even though I’d never take him up on his offer. I forced a nod, trying to make my voice light. “I will.”
He gave my shoulder a sympathetic squeeze. “Where’s Aiden?”
I motioned toward the willow tree Mr. Antisocial stood against. He glanced up and met my gaze, his face and posture stiff. Although I’d never admit it to him, his hearing impressed me. Like Joshua, and the rest of the Kembers here, he wore his black button-up shirt and suit pants: a sign of respect. 
Joshua motioned over to him. “I’m going to go say hello. Save us a seat under the tent.”
Skyler grabbed my hand and led me toward the crowd. Kill me now. The last thing I wanted was to be where people could judge and criticize the relationship I’d had with Delmari. If they were smart, they’d know today wasn’t the day to cross me.
We reached the tent, where everyone had begun to be seated, and sat in the back row. I sunk down in the chair, focusing on nothing but the fact that we had a quick escape route once it ended. 
Minutes later, Aiden sat on the other side of me. His damp hair hung in his eyes and water dripped off the wavy strands around his ears. He never once looked at me or even acknowledged my existence. Déjà vu. I think we’d only exchanged ten words in the last two days. Maybe because I never left my room, but I doubted it.
The preacher, with deepset eyes and a sharp nose, ironically looked like a vulture. He stood to talk and, as horrible as it might sound, I zoned out. I didn’t want to hear it—any of it. Lost and confused, I twisted the stem of the rose Skyler had jacked from Delmari’s casket. Part of me still couldn’t believe this all happened. This had to be someone else’s funeral. I let myself believe that. Someday I’d have to face the facts, but that was the good thing about someday—it wasn’t today. I pushed it away and put my thoughts elsewhere.
When the service was over, Skyler threw an arm around my shoulders and pulled me to a start. “Taylee, Taylee, Taylee. I’ve missed you like crazy.”
I laughed under my breath, hoping he didn’t notice how off it sounded, and gave him silent props for the subject change. “So you have to sing a song about it? Please don’t tell me you’ve turned into one of those stupid musicals on me—you know I hate those.”
He tilted his head to the grey sky. “Still a pain in the ass, aren’t you?”
 “Yeah, but you like my ass.”
“Everyone does.” He bumped me with his hip. “So Aiden’s pretty cool, huh?”
Speaking of ass. “Yeah, if you like having a parole officer twenty-four seven.”
“It can’t be that bad. I mean, I know he’s pretty serious and likes to keep to himself, but he’s got a reputation most Kembers would die for. He’s already killed tons of Rygons. Joshua said if anyone else had been assigned to you, he’d be worried. That says a lot about the guy, you know.” 
I stared, puzzled. How did he know all this crap about Aiden?
“He was Joshua’s apprentice the last two months of his training.” The question must have been written on my face. “Aiden gave him a run for his money, and you know how awesome Joshua is.” He shook his head. “That was like six years ago. Wait until you see him fight. He’s freakin’ amazing.”
I huffed. This wasn’t the time to reevaluate my perception of Aiden—I didn’t want to. We walked in silence for a moment longer, and I finally couldn’t handle it anymore. “Do you sense anyone who could’ve done this?”
He didn’t answer right away. A line formed on his forehead as he concentrated. Skyler’s psychometry ability allowed him to look into someone’s mind and read their intent. His gift didn’t come with restrictions or rules like mine had. “No…it’s a lot of minds to sift through, but I don’t feel anyone with bad motives toward Delmari,” he whispered.
My eyes widened in disbelief. “No one?” 
His hand rubbed up and down my arm. “It’s okay, Tay. They’ll catch him. It’ll just take more than two days.”
“I’ve gotta find him,” I whispered fiercely. “He’s gotta be here.” I jerked my head in all directions.
Skyler’s hand, hanging around my shoulders, seized my jaw and held my head in place. “You don’t need to worry about this right now—or ever. Ian won’t rest until they get him. Plus, Aiden and Joshua are keeping an eye out. You take this time to grieve.”
I scowled at him. I should’ve known he’d say something dumb like that. “It must be nice to know if you don’t get a basketball scholarship, you’ll have a promising future as a shrink. That way you could deliver all your bad talks to people who need them.” 
“Ha- ha. Very funny.” He released my head and kicked a pinecone as we walked.
“Sorry, Doctor.” 
He hesitated. His gaze drifted across the cemetery. “While we’re on the subject of my ‘bad’ talks…”
“I knew it! I knew—”
 “I may as well get this out. Don’t go all Taylee on me; promise you’ll deal with this the right way.”
I stopped walking and jerked from under his arm. “All Taylee on you? What does that mean?”
Skyler put his hands up in surrender. “I know how you are, and you’re gonna try to pretend like it didn’t happen and bottle yourself up in misery. I don’t want you to do that. I want you to talk to me.”
“I don’t deal with things the way you do.” 
He laughed lightly, probably his feeble attempt to keep the tension away. “Yeah ’cause you don’t deal with them at all.”
I pointed an accusing finger at him. “Don’t do this right now.”
He glanced at the wet blades of grass. When his eyes met mine, concern lightened them. “You’re right. I’m sorry. I’m just worried about you, that’s all.” 
Skyler didn’t need to worry about me. Couldn’t he see that? I could take care of myself. “Help me and I’ll forgive you.”
He sighed and wiped the rain off his face. “Why do I always fall for these conditions?”
“Because I’m your best friend and you love me.”
“Maybe it’s a bad thing, you know that?” 
I elbowed him.
He grunted. “We’re going to get into trouble aren’t we?”
I grabbed his hand and pulled him forward. “Don’t be lame. I just want you to help me find him. Take me to every Kember who has a hidden motive.”
Skyler exhaled and spun me around so fast I nearly fell. “What’re you gonna do when you find him? Punch him?” He pointed to my feet. “Throw one of your shoes at him? He killed Delmari. He’s lethal. I-I can’t even begin to understand how much you’re hurting, but you’ve gotta let the Authority handle it. Promise me.”
Why did I even expect him to understand? I almost shoved him away, but before I did, my gaze shifted past his shoulder. I did a double take and my breath caught. Through a break in the crowd, fifty yards away, a man stood, watching. His black cloak ruffled lightly in the wind and his ocher eyes pierced mine. It was him. The Kember was here. I froze, staring. 
Then it all hit.
Adrenaline rushed through my veins. I shouldered Skyler and sprinted toward the man. He’d taken Delmari from me. Ruined my life. Sparks of rage ignited into a full-fledged flame. Shoving through the sea of black, I knocked people out of the way as I weaved through. Angry comments didn’t affect my pace. Now he’d pay for what he did.
I burst through the crowd to where he stood. The man’s lips twitched into a smirk and his eyebrow rose.
I didn’t hesitate. I didn’t slow. I lunged.
My body rammed into his, and I knocked him off his feet, slamming him onto the ground. Hot tears welled in my eyes, blurring my vision. A scream erupted from my throat. My fists connected with his face, blow after blow. The man struggled beneath me, screaming something I couldn’t understand. Yells from the surrounding crowd demanded I stop. I couldn’t. He had to pay. Blinded by fury and hatred, I swung my fists harder than I ever had.
A set of hands ripped me away. By their strength, I knew they belonged to a Kember. I thrashed against them, screaming, “He killed Delmari! Let me go!”
He did, but only after someone else seized me. 
“Taylee! Calm down.” Aiden gripped my forearms and spun me around to face him. After a moment, the angry tears impairing my vision slowly rolled down my cheeks.
Heart still hammering, I jerked away to get a good look at the man. Red hair, bloody face, blue eyes. A nauseous feeling crept through my stomach. It wasn’t him. I blinked, sure there was some mistake. I tackled the Kember—took him to the ground. He couldn’t have escaped. I looked at Skyler for help, like he could explain what happened. He and Joshua, along with a hundred other bystanders, stared wide-eyed and appalled. 
Son of a bitch.
They dragged me away after that, but I didn’t care. I hadn’t wanted to be there in the first place. Plus, I attracted a lot more attention to myself than I’d wanted. 
Aiden and I followed Ian through the Authority building and back to his sprawling office. Ian told me to sit, so I did and prepared myself for the ultimate bitch session. After enduring the lecture of the century, I tried to explain what happened. No one believed me. Go figure. 
“Taylee…” Ian peered out the window. “I think you need to see a psychiatrist. You have a lot of built-up anger. Obviously. You can’t take it out on some random Drea.”
 “I’m not going crazy. The man who killed Delmari was here.” I pointed toward the window. “He—he smiled at me right before I tackled him.” 
“We’ve established he wasn’t here. No one else saw him.”
	“I doubt anyone else was even looking for him. I wouldn’t attack some random Drea for the fun of it.” I shook my head rapidly. “I won’t talk to a counselor. I don’t need help—I know what I saw.”
Ian closed his eyes and rubbed his temples. “You’re seeing things and acting irrationally—” 
I gritted my teeth. “I didn’t see anything that wasn’t there.”
Ian walked over, planted his palms on his desk and leaned forward. “This isn’t the first time you’ve done something like this. Excuses or not, you have the tendency to be violent and…” he paused, letting out a slow breath, “I’ve been lenient, but you can’t hit people when they make you angry. It’s…it’s savage.”
“If you’re referring to what I did to Joel Anderson, Delmari said—”
“Delmari is dead!” He slammed his fist on the wood, all signs of his stoicism disappeared. “No one else has the strength and patience he possessed to clean up your messes. It’s time you grow up and start acting responsibly. You’ll see a psychiatrist and I don’t want another word about it.”
My chest throbbed. Tears stung my eyes. “But—”
“I mean it.”
 “Give her a few weeks.” Aiden’s low voice sounded from the back of the room. In three long strides he stood by my chair. His calm tone depleted most of the tension. “You’re dealing with a seventeen-year-old girl who hasn’t slept or eaten in two days and is trying to cope with death. Give her some time.” 
Ian eyed him warily. “She could hurt someone—or herself.”
Aiden stood a little straighter. “No one will get hurt. If I don’t see an improvement, she’ll see a counselor.”
I scoffed. “No, I won’t.” 
He studied me evenly. “Yes, you will, because you don’t want any more complications in your life.”
I glared but didn’t dare argue. He was getting me out of spilling my guts to some random doc. A part of me should’ve been grateful and would’ve been, had he actually believed me. I knew what I saw, and I wouldn’t rest until I brought Delmari justice. 


Chapter 6
I hadn’t launched myself at anyone, so Aiden must’ve taken that as an improvement. He never brought up the shrink nonsense after we left Ian’s office, but he watched me closely. I forced down food and managed about two hours of sleep a night—while I tossed and turned the other six. I couldn’t explain what happened at the funeral, not even to myself. The Kember was there. He stood right in front of me when I jumped at him. 
Back in the office, Ian told me if you want something badly enough, sometimes you make yourself see it. I laughed and told him he was crazy. But now, after three weeks of mulling the incident over in my mind, he didn’t seem so crazy. Maybe the Kember wasn’t there. Like Ian said, no one else saw him. All they saw was the poor man I nearly rendered unconscious. Now, thanks to me, another Drea possibly locked himself in his house determined to never leave again. 
It definitely wasn’t one of my finer moments. My cheeks blazed at the thought, and I shook my head for the thousandth time, determined to drop it. In a few weeks, people would find something else to gossip about. Until that time, I screened every phone call and concentrated on finding the Kember. 
And getting out of tutoring sessions. 
My teacher flinched. His mouth dropped in a look of pure idiocy as I slammed the book onto the kitchen table. “I’m not gonna read ‘To kill a fu—’”
“Taylee!” Aiden closed some tattered hardback he was reading, jumped from the couch and walked into the kitchen. One thing I’d learned about him:  he wasn’t fond of my vocabulary.
I slumped back in my chair and redirected my scowl at the balding, old man. How did this help me find that Kember? It didn’t. Therefore, not my problem.
“Actually,” Mr. Whatever-his-name-was began, oblivious to the insult. His brown eyes brightened. “It’s To Kill a Mockingbird. It’s an outstanding novel. I think you’ll enjoy it.” 
Where the heck did Aiden dig this guy up from? Some cult for the socially challenged? Unlike him, I couldn’t bury myself in a book after the most important thing in my life had been stripped from me. I folded my arms and scoffed. “Yeah, since you know so much about me. I don’t read. Ever.”
The grey slab of hair above my tutor’s eyes, which I guessed were once two eyebrows, furrowed as he shuffled through papers in his binder. “Your report cards indicate you passed all your classes with A’s and B’s. I find it hardly plausible you don’t read but passed English with flying colors.”
Aiden’s eyes flickered toward me and narrowed. He wondered the same thing, although he knew the answer: Mind control.
“I’m incredibly gifted.” I smiled sweetly. Okay, enough of this. I glanced at Aiden, who stood against the counter, feet crossed, attention back in his book where it belonged. I placed both my palms on the table and snickered inward. Sayonara, Teach.
I looked squarely at Mr. Unibrow and focused until I felt the weight of his mind. Like pushing through water, I moved forward past his resistance and enveloped his mind in mine.
Embracing the wonderful, warm buzz, I closed my eyes. I quickly opened them again, knowing I didn’t have time to screw around. 
The tutor’s eyes glazed, and I gave him his first command. Put the book away. 
He did. 
Now, tell me I’ve been doing such a fantastic job the last few weeks that I don’t need to worry about reading this book.
“You know, Taylee,” he said in his wise, blah voice. “You’ve been doing such a fantastic job the last few weeks. Don’t worry about reading this book.”
Now leave.
With a cheery smile, he stood from his chair and began packing his things.
Aiden snapped his head toward the clock. “You’re leaving? It’s only one.”
“Yes, yes, well, time is in the essence,” I made him say. 
“Of the essence?” Aiden studied him suspiciously.
“Uh, yeah—yes,” his voice wavered like my order, “exactly what I said.” 
Pack faster, pack faster! 
He threw his crap in his bag. 
My head pounded from the pressure of trying to keep his mind under control. I bit my lip and casually smoothed my fingers from my jaw to my temple.
Aiden took a few steps closer, glancing between Mr. Unibrow and me. I shrugged at Aiden, trying to play it cool. The tutor still had that dumb smile plastered across his face.
“The conversation we had yesterday, Mr. Sorenson,”—ahhh, Mr. Sorenson, that was his name!—“can you tell me about it?” Aiden asked. 
Busted. Asking questions I didn’t know the answer to was a sure way to find out if he was under my control. By now, thanks to the file Aiden received on me, he knew the ins and outs of my ability. Like the very inconvenient fact I can’t invade memories or get information from anyone. Well, not without inflicting torture, but that didn’t have anything to do with mind control. 
“Yeah—or, uh…Yes, of course.” I cringed. Man, I really needing to work on my sophisticated geek talk. “That thing.”
 “Let him go,” Aiden said in a low voice. His hard gaze set on me. “You’re done messing around.”
I blinked. The room spun slowly, like I just jumped off some puke-inducing ride. The pressure in my head gradually turned into a headache, and my energy poured out in such thick currents, I was surprised no one saw it flowing across the floor.
“What do you mean?” My words slurred. Funny, I didn’t remember drinking vodka, but I sure could’ve used some. The lightheaded feeling intensified; the verge of passing out crept up on me. I had no choice but to let him go or fall on my face.
 I released him. As the pressure of his mind left mine, I rested my cheek against the cool table and closed my eyes. I breathed in through my nose and out through my mouth. Mr. Sorenson still packed his things, but much slower. 
“Thank you, Mr. Sorenson. I think it’s a good idea that Taylee still read the novel. I’ll make sure she gets it done over the weekend.”
 “Whatever you deem best. I’ll return Monday, Taylee. Have a pleasant weekend.”
Pleasant? Hah! “Yeah, yeah.” I waved my hand dismissively, hearing two sets of footsteps walk to the front door. I sat up in my chair as Aiden came back. He tossed the book onto the table and settled in the chair across from me. “Read it out loud.”
 “Um…okay. I’ll get right on that.” I rolled my eyes. “After, I find the bastard who stole my life.”
He set his elbows on the table and leaned forward, lowering his voice. “It’s not your job to find the Kember. Google isn’t going to get you anywhere.” He nudged the book forward with his finger. “Do your homework.”
I shoved the book as hard as I could off the table. With a loud slap, it hit the stove and landed on the floor. “You read it.”
“I already have.” Aiden’s gaze lingered on the upside down paperback before he directed it at me.
“So what? You’re supposed to be some badass bookworm?” Skyler definitely exaggerated about this one. 
He sat back and crossed his arms. “Maybe you’d like to know that Ian requires me to send him an e-mail every day. In case you’ve changed your mind about the therapist.” 
Blackmail in its finest form. I gritted my teeth to keep my “screw you” comment at bay. 
Aiden pushed away from the table and walked across the wood floor. He picked up the book, set it in front of me and held it down with his index finger. “Read the book out loud.”
Knowing how loyal he was to Ian, he’d no doubt make good on his threat. Spilling my guts to a therapist meant less time looking for the Kember. I couldn’t afford that.
Opening the book to chapter one, it took every ounce of willpower I possessed to not tear out every boring page. I read, mumbling in a monotone voice.
He started interrogating me about the chapter. Oh hell. Story time tortured me enough. Now this? I scooted my chair back and stormed toward the front door. 
“Where’re you going?” 
I didn’t break my pace. “Out.” 
Ripping the front door open, I stomped outside and inhaled the fresh air greedily. It whipped around me, blowing dark strands of hair in my face. I placed my hands on the deck railing and peered around the surrounding forest.
I wanted to go back to three weeks ago when everything was okay. I missed Delmari, and even though I knew he would’ve flipped about the stunt I just pulled, I didn’t care. I’d give anything to hear him yell again. Maybe I’d even listen this time. 
Tall trees used to bring me peace. Normally, standing in the midst of them calmed me. All I had to do was breathe in the clean pine scent, listen to the silence and before too long, I felt my anger recede. Not this time. If anything, the woods made it worse. Now all I saw were flames and despair. I didn’t want to relive that day. I didn’t even want to think about it.
 Seconds later, Aiden stepped out, killing any possibility of peace. “You’re not supposed to be out here without me. It could be dangerous.”
I scoffed. “Yeah, how unfortunate it’d be for someone to take me off your hands.”
Before he could respond, I walked through the waist-high sunflowers, pulling some out as I went. Ever since I could remember, I’d hated that I had no known relatives. Now I felt the actual impact. I wanted a place to go. Something that felt familiar and safe. Nowhere would I find that. I didn’t know where I belonged anymore. Aside from Skyler, Aiden was all I had. That thought brought a tightening soreness to my throat. 
“How far into these woods are we going?” 
My thoughts raced so angrily, I didn’t care. I just kept putting one foot in front of the other. 
A blinding scarlet light veiled my eyes. I stopped dead in my tracks, blinking rapidly. “What the—?” I rubbed my lids and opened my eyes again: Nothing but a red haze. I couldn’t see. My heart hammered.
“Everything okay?”
A warm sensation rushed over my entire body, like I stood inches from a fire. I stumbled back, wiping at my arms. The heat intensified throughout my body, becoming so hot it started to singe my skin. My breath hitched and I dropped to my knees. I squeezed my eyes closed and threw myself to the ground, thrashing in the dirt. 
 “What’s going on?” Aiden’s concerned voice sounded far away. “What’re you doing?”
The dirt didn’t do jack. “I’m b-burning!” 
Rumbling, cracking sounds flooded my ears. I opened my eyes; the crimson was gone. Now, vicious, orange tendrils danced on the trees and swirled through the grass and shrubs around me. Thick smoke whirled and funneled into the air. 
Oh no.
My skin blazed. I screamed then coughed as the smoke invaded my lungs. I shifted my gaze around the grove but couldn’t see Aiden anywhere. My heart accelerated. The bastard left me here to burn. 
Raindrops fell like marbles. They splattered on my scorched face and body, gradually washing the burning away. Delmari! He saved me. He was back. I knew no one could kill him! Relief filled me. My rigid body collapsed into the dirt. I closed my eyes, taking a long, deep breath. 
After a few moments, I peered up through the streaking rain. Placing both hands down in the mud, I pushed myself into a seated position. I blinked a few times, trying to make something out of the smoke and remaining flames. Where the heck was Aiden? Some Kember. 
Snapping twigs and labored breathing made me turn my head. A dark-haired chick, about my age, with wide eyes and tear-stained cheeks, sprinted toward me. I pushed my matted hair away from my face and tried to stand. My legs wouldn’t respond. I gasped and gripped them, trying to pry them from the ground. My jaw dropped and my breathing hitched. From the waist down, I was paralyzed. 
The girl glanced over her shoulder. She stumbled behind a huge boulder mere feet from where I sat. Leaning back against the rock, she squeezed her eyes closed. Her chest rose and fell rapidly. 
Again, I looked through the trees. Nothing was there. “H-hey, are you okay?” I choked on the words as they left my throat. 
She didn’t respond or even look my way. 
Low voices sounded from somewhere around us. A being, with energy markings around his eyes, bounded toward us. 
Before the girl could take a step, he lunged at her. 
“Son of a—!” My heart pounded. I jerked my upper body, trying to get up. I couldn’t. I peered frantically through the darkness for Delmari or Aiden—anyone! 
The Rygon grabbed the girl and pulled her body flush against his. She screamed and twisted, trying to escape. He held her effortlessly. The black veins around his eyes spread like webs across his face as he drew out her energy. He tilted his head to the sky. His crystal blue eyes grew brighter and brighter, glowing eerily in the darkness. 
I screamed to get his attention. I reached out to grab a rock, but I couldn’t pick it up off the ground. Like my legs, it wouldn’t budge. I watched helplessly as the girl thrashed and yelled, but it was too late. 
The struggling girl went limp in the Rygon’s arms. I stared in horror. Someone else I couldn’t save.
Low voices sounded from behind me. 
“Delmari?” I yelled. “Hurry, you’ve—” I turned and gasped. 
Not Delmari. Not Aiden. The Kember. 
Behind him walked a dozen more energy-sucking beings. His cloak ruffled as he rushed toward the Rygon. His ocher eyes settled on the girl still clutched in the Rygon’s grasp. 


Chapter 7
The Rygon turned toward the Kember and cowered. “S-sir, I’m sorry. I—I don’t know what came over me. I didn’t mean to…”
Letting out a hair-raising yell, the cloaked man drew out a red titanium knife and slit the Rygon’s throat. The two bodies dropped to the ground. He kicked the Rygon aside and knelt next to the lifeless young woman. Very carefully, he smoothed a few dark strands of black hair from her face, his hand lingering on her cheek. After a moment of staring at her, he stood. Fire built in his palms until they completely engulfed his fists. The Kember touched a nearby tree and within seconds, every treetop burst into flame. The dozen other Rygons followed the Kember, single file, as he walked away. 
 Body frozen, my mind spun in a whirl of angry colors, and the world around me turned black. 

“Delmari!” I jolted to a sitting position, strands of damp hair stuck to my forehead. My fists released the death grip they held on the comforter beneath me. Full on, heart thumping panic seized me. “Delmari!” I screamed again. Jumping from bed, I staggered toward the door, vaguely realizing I could move again.
Aiden jumped up from the floor and held his hands out in front of me. “It’s okay. Calm down.”
 “D-Delmari. Where is he?”
His eyes widened a little. “Delmari’s dead.” The words were slow—careful, like he had to remind me.
“No. He’s not. I—the rain. I felt it. It was him.”
“The rain?” Now he looked even more concerned. Great.
“Yeah, you know, the wet shit that falls from the sky.” 
For the first time, I examined my clothes. They should’ve been scorched—and wet. I only saw dirt. I gripped the hair at the back of my head. Dry. “What the heck?” I whispered.
I stumbled backward and collapsed onto the bed. 
The roar of flames, the pain of my flesh burning and the girl…How could that have been a dream? No, not possible. How else had I ended up in bed? It’s not like Aiden would’ve carried me back from the woods. 
“Are you all right?” Aiden sat back down, leaned forward and rested his forearms on his knees. 
I averted my gaze to the red glowing numbers on my alarm clock. Three o’clock in the morning. I’d been out for a while. Unless the whole thing was a dream:  Mr. Sorenson, Aiden pissing me off, the girl…My thoughts swirled in confusion. 
 I slid the comforter down and crawled beneath it. I was so confused, I didn’t know if I was really awake. “Golden.” 
“You collapsed in the middle of the woods, screaming about something burning you.”
Not a dream then. My hand clutched the comforter so tight, my fingers hurt.
“If you have some sort of medical condition, I need to be aware. Nothing was mentioned in your file.”
What the— “Medical condition? I don’t have a medical condition!”
He cocked his head. “Has this happened before?”
 “No, of course not.”	
Aiden hesitated. “Maybe you should see a doctor.” 
 “Nothing’s wrong with me. If you want the truth, I don’t know what happened.”
 “What do you mean?”
 “Nothing. Never mind.” I threw back the comforter and stood. Marching to the closet, I grabbed my green hoodie and yanked it over my head. I had to go back—I had to see if the girl was there. 
Aiden stood, an impenetrable barricade, in front of my exit. “Where’re you going?”
“Where does it look like?” I tried to move around him, but he sidestepped, nearly forcing me into the wall.
“Sit.” He pointed to the bed. “Please.”
“No. I’ve gotta see if that girl is still there. Move.” I reached out to grab his arm and physically remove him. As I did, I realized the foolishness behind my rash behavior a moment too late. 
He grabbed my hand midair. Jerking away from him, I tripped over my own feet and failed to regain my footing. Everything around me blurred, except for the corner of the dresser coming closer and closer to my face. I squeezed my eyes shut. 
Aiden caught my arm right before my head connected and pulled me back toward him. I blinked, dizzy from all the quick movements. After a moment, he carefully released my arm but kept his hand outstretched. “Are you all right?”
Adrenaline pumping, heart racing, my gaze wandered over the thick muscle covering his body. Slowly, common sense returned. Not even Houdini could get past Aiden. 
I shoved his hand away, ignoring the question. “I need to go back. I have to see—”
 “What?” He lowered his head, looking at me levelly. “There’s nothing to see.” 
Stepping back, I figured my chances of sneaking out the window. Yeah right. Mr. Freak-senses would be outside by the time I slid the glass up. Unwilling to lose the little dignity I had left, I gritted my teeth. “Fine.”
Once I sat on the bed, he moved from the door and crouched down a few feet in front of me. “You were in physical pain when I picked you up. I felt it…” His gaze fell to his hands. “What happened?” 
I took a deep breath. No sense in arguing over something his ability picked up. He’d tell Ian either way. Do they already have my room reserved at the psych ward? “I-I think I saw…something.” 
“You’ll have to be a bit more specific.”
My hair fell forward, shielding half of my face, and I quickly tucked it behind my ear. “The forest—the same forest we were in…it was on fire.” I expected skepticism in his features. His green eyes were attentive instead. “This girl was being chased by a Rygon, and he—he killed her.” An aching pain shot through my chest. “The Kember—he was there...” I went on and told him the whole thing, exactly how I saw it.
His brow furrowed and his mouth opened a few seconds before he found his words. “You’ve been through a lot. I’m sure it’s just some—” 
“It wasn’t a dream.”
“Well, I don’t think so, either, but—”
“I’m not crazy or delusional, either. The fire burned me. I heard everything, smelled the smoke…” 
Aiden’s eyes skimmed over me, as if trying to decide what to think. “Did you know the girl?”
 “No. Never seen her.”
“You’re sure Rygons were there?” 
“Yes. They had the markings around their creepy blue eyes.” Some of the Rygons’ marks spread and covered more than just their cheek bones, but I didn’t need to elaborate. The more energy a Rygon siphoned, the bigger their mark became. Some Rygons had their whole faces and even parts of their necks covered in black vein-like markings. That much energy made them a bitch to kill. 
“There was a whole group of them, and I think they all took orders from the Kember.” Rage swelled in my chest. I inhaled, reminding myself to keep breathing. The Kember had been right there. If I could’ve gotten to him—if I could’ve moved… “We need to find out who that girl was. We have to go back to the forest.”
“Slow down.” He ran a hand through his thick hair. “Kembers and Rygons don’t work together. Is it possible you’re overreacting?”
“No!” The way the Rygon attacked her, she had to have been a Drea. What if, through her, I could find the rogue Kember? “If it wasn’t a dream or some off-the-wall hallucination, what was it?”
 Aiden rose, walked to my window and drew open the curtain. He gazed out into the darkness before turning back toward me. “I’m not sure.” 
“The Kember is real and so are Rygons. Why not her?”
He leaned against the window ledge and studied me. “This isn’t about her, is it? This is about finding the Kember and avenging Delmari.”
The taste of blood filled my mouth as I bit the inside of my lip. I never thought of myself as transparent. I didn’t like that he read me so easily.
Aiden’s voice lowered. “The Authority will find out who he is.”
“What if they don’t? We’re going to let someone else die? Do you not have feelings at all?” 
He didn’t say anything right away. He stayed completely emotionless. “What do you expect me to do? If she’s a Drea, she has a Kember.”
My frustration finally hit a breaking point. I leapt from the bed. “Something could happen to her. Won’t you feel like crap knowing you knew but didn’t do anything about it because you were too stubborn? We’ve gotta find out if she exists.”
Aiden adjusted his footing, his voice calm, despite my lash out. “You don’t even know who she is, or where she lives.”
 “I’ll figure it out. She has to be around here if she was running through our forest. Why do you think they killed her?” Him, I wanted to say. Why would that psycho pyro kill Delmari? Would he really go through all that trouble to get to me?
 “From what you’ve told me, I don’t think the intent was to kill her.”				I thought back to the memory and agreed. He seemed pissed she was killed. A Drea’s energy was our ability and our ability was connected to our life force. We couldn’t live without it. Something about the mental energy in a Drea’s body allowed Rygons to take it; it acted as a drug. They could never get enough and they’d never stop. 
I paced the room while chewing on my thumbnail. The Kember disappeared at the funeral and while fighting Delmari. Twice now he’d lit a forest on fire. I didn’t dare bring up the multiple abilities again to Aiden. It’d be one more thing he’d make me tell the stupid shrink. “I’ve gotta get back there.”
Aiden stepped in front of me, intercepting my path again. “It’s late. We’re not going back tonight. I promise you, there’s nothing out there.”
“I’ve gotta see for myself.”
“Then wait until morning. You can’t see anything in the dark, anyway.”
He was right, and I hated it. I turned on my heel and walked back to my bed. The second the sun peaked above the mountains, I’d leave with or without him. 
Aiden, obviously satisfied I wouldn’t be trudging through the darkness, strode toward the door.
“Hey…” I pulled a pillow onto my lap and fidgeted with the corner. “Are you going to tell Ian? You know, about tonight?”
He stopped in the doorway and hesitated a moment before turning back toward me. “No.”
I let out a sigh of relief. “I-I thought…”
Aiden grabbed hold of the door and began to close it. “Get some rest. If you need to see the forest, we’ll go in the morning.”

*****

The second the sun cast a pale pink haze through my curtains, I snapped my sketchbook closed and bolted from bed. I still only had two outfits, but for once I didn’t care. I slipped into my clean jeans and orange tank top and headed for the small bathroom. 
When I finished showering, I smoothed my bangs to the side of my forehead and grimaced. The girl looking back couldn’t be me. Her sapphire eyes appeared grey and dull, like the life and light had left. As far as I was concerned, they had. Discolored circles had formed under them, as if she hadn’t slept in weeks. Pathetic. There was no other way to describe her.
Biting my lip, I turned away. No wonder Aiden didn’t talk to me more than he had to. People weren’t fond of the walking dead. I ran a brush through my blow-dried hair and then shuffled into the kitchen. 
Aiden sat at the table, his mouth fixed in a line of concentration as he stared at a laptop screen. Like every morning, the curl on the ends of his hair was damp and the smell of aftershave lingered in the air. I stopped in front of the table and rested my hands on the back of a wooden chair. “Let’s go.” 
Without looking up, he motioned to the fridge. “You should eat something first.” He slid his iPhone across the table. “Then call Skyler. He called four times last night. I’m not supposed to stop bothering you until you call him back.”
 “Of course not.” Ignoring the phone, I walked to the fridge and grabbed a yogurt. 
 “He’s worried about you. He hasn’t talked to you since the—”
“I know!” My stomach twisted, and I took a deep breath. Dropping my gaze, I traced a finger around the foil lid before putting the yogurt back. “I’ll call him later.”	
Aiden typed for a few moments. “I found something.” He rotated his laptop, showing me the screen. 
I scooted a chair out and sat down across from him, throwing a skeptical look in his direction. “A map? You helping me break out of here?”
“Of the area we live in. There’re two houses within fifteen miles. If that girl exists, she lives in one of them.” 
I clenched my jaw to keep it from dropping. Unknowingly, I slid forward in my chair. Maybe he didn’t think I needed to be locked up. “Seriously?”
“She’s a Drea. Maybe her gift is communicating through dreams or visions…”
At this point, anything that convinced him thrilled me. “So say we do happen to find her. What do we tell her? I saw she was going to be sucked dry?”
Aiden nodded and shut his laptop. “With a bit more tact than that.” He stood. “Ready?”
She had to know who the Kember was. I jumped up from my chair, nearly knocking it over. “Hell, yeah. Let’s do this.”



Chapter 8
I hadn’t realized how deep into the forest I actually walked yesterday. As I followed the same path, it was hard to believe. I kept thinking we’d passed it, but apparently Aiden had a GPS installed in his brain and knew exactly where we were going. 
The sun shone through the trees, peeking through the branches, casting its warm beams on the frost-covered plant life. With every step I took, leaves and twigs crackled beneath my feet. They littered the ground, congregating around fallen tree trunks and surrounding foliage, camouflaging the land in orange and yellow. Back when I actually liked the woods, I would’ve thought it pretty. Today, all I saw were dead, withering leaves. 
Aiden weaved through the trees about ten yards away. He took long strides, his features masked in the hard warrior face he wore twenty-four seven, while his eyes constantly swept the area. Did he ever smile? Not like I cared, but still, I was curious. I bet the guy didn’t have a fun bone in his body. 
Not that I’d know. The only things I knew about him were his gift, he liked to read and he was some sort of badass ninja who had no problem protecting me. 
Still, the silence was killing me. “Okay, so, if I start screaming and throwing myself into the dirt like a crazy mofo, what then?” I flinched when my voice disturbed our quiet surroundings, sending a flurry of birds in the air. 
Aiden pushed back a tree branch and ducked under it. “Then we try again tomorrow.” He stopped and gestured around the section of the forest. “This is it.”
I took in the tall, skeletal trees. This couldn’t be. The forest looked completely different. The tree had been full of green leaves, maybe even a bit taller. I stepped over a fallen log and weaved through the dead vegetation. The boulder the girl stood against came into view. I picked up my pace, practically stumbling as I went, and crouched in front of it. Aiden was right. Nothing appeared out of the ordinary. I smoothed my hand over the rock that stood easily as tall as Aiden and breathed a sigh of relief. Maybe we still had a chance to find the girl and figure out who the Kember was.
When I turned to face him, the same girl with dark eyes and black hair flashed in my mind, making me wince. She smiled. All traces of her panicked and fearful expression were gone. My heart thudded in my chest. What was wrong with me? I squeezed my eyes closed, trying to rid her from my mind, but everything except her disappeared. I started to lose my balance. 
Aiden grabbed my arms before I collapsed and held me in place. “What’s going on?” 
I blinked until the picture cleared, allowing me to see him. 
“Can you hear me?” He looked straight into my eyes, as if trying to see what I saw. I stared back at him, hypnotized by two of the most dazzling emeralds. My chest tightened. I’d never noticed how green they were. 
Immediately, Aiden released me and I stumbled back a few steps. He glanced at his hands, hardness masking any of the earlier concern. “What happened?”
I drew in a deep breath and shook my head, snapping myself out of…whatever the hell that was. “I saw her,” I whispered. “It’s like she took over my entire vision. I couldn’t see anything else.” It scared me, too, but I didn’t want to tell him that.
 “What was she doing?”
I pressed my palms together and twisted them. My gaze shifted out toward the dead trees, unable to meet his. “Uh…smiling.” 
“Can you tell me what she looks like?”
Aiden’s features gave none of his thoughts away. Maybe he believed me. Or, possibly, he was gathering evidence of insanity for Ian. Hesitating, I tapped the side of my leg before pulling a piece of paper from my pocket:  a sketch of the girl. I handed it to him. 
A line creased between his brows. “Where did you get this?” 
I sighed. “I couldn’t fall back asleep this morning…I was bored.” 
He studied the paper with something that looked a little like astonishment, but I couldn’t be sure. “You drew this?”
“Sarcasm isn’t my only talent.” 
Aiden folded the paper up and handed it back to me. “With this, she shouldn’t be too hard to find.”
“You really think she lives around here?”
“You saw her running through these woods. It only makes sense.” He tucked his hands into his pockets, leaned against a tree and waited silently as I studied the forest.
Nothing odd had happened here; well, except me throwing myself around in the dirt. Maybe I was crazy. No. I refused to believe that. I was positive I hadn’t overlooked a single thing. “Let’s go to those houses now.”
 He pushed away from the trunk and silently followed. When we reached our house, we climbed in the truck and once again depended on Aiden’s innate sense of direction to get us where we needed to be.
It didn’t take us long to find out no one lived in the first home. A big red “for sale” sign stood in the overgrown grass and a window in the front revealed lack of furniture and life. 
Aiden straightened in his seat and motioned toward the little yellow house. “No one lives here.”
I rolled my eyes. “Thank you, Captain Obvious.”
He switched the gear into drive and peeled out of the driveway.
I kept waiting for the truck to gain its usual illegal speed and blur out our surroundings. It didn’t. I figured it had something to do with the winding, dirt roads and cliffs. I should be grateful. It was just that something about the world rushing by helped me feel alive. Slumping back, I pulled my knees to my chest. “Are we there yet?” 
He pointed off into the distance. “See the little log cabin?”
I strained my eyes. “All I see are big, fat trees.”
 “Give it a moment. You’ll see.”
“Does it get annoying?” The words slipped out before I even knew they were coming. I pursed my lips, hoping he wasn’t getting the impression of small talk. 
He glanced at me and, for a second, I could’ve sworn he looked a little taken aback. “Does what?” 
 “Uh, your gift.”
Aiden righted a strand of hair from his eyes with a quick shake of his head. His hesitance made me think he didn’t talk—especially about himself—much. “No. It’s saved my life on numerous occasions.”
 “I just figured it may be a little weird…” 
“I was born with it. I’ve never known anything different.”
Not only did I wish I would’ve been born a Kember—so I could kick major ass—their gifts were a lot easier to adapt to. Sure some Kembers would accidentally light things on fire, but after a few short weeks they gained complete control of their physical energy. My mental gift took me years to nail. Sometimes I still had problems with it. “See. I didn’t know that. I woke up one morning and could control minds. I wasn’t sure how it worked with anyone else.”
“I think most Dreas’ abilities surface like yours did.” 
As far as I knew, they did. The first time mine emerged, I was in class getting lectured by this prick teacher. The next thing I knew, he was blurting every profanity I thought. I passed out, and he got fired. After that, it took weeks before I could start to even recognize the hum of my ability. Skyler and a few of my other friends all went through the same thing. All around the time of puberty. After a couple years, when a Drea’s gift is fully developed and accessible, the Authority assigns a Kember.
Of course, I was the exception to this. The Authority felt the need for a Kember to raise me. No one knew when a Drea’s gift would first surface or how. Sometimes it came in the heat of rage, danger or frustration. The Authority discovered negative events usually spiked mental energies. 
My eyes burned thinking back to those simpler, better, times.
The truck slowed and a little log…cabin? Was that the word Aiden used? How could he call this a cabin? To me, the place resembled more of a boarded-up shack; a place where crazy hermits lived. Broken down vehicles, and what looked like some of their parts, lay scattered across the weeds and dead grass. Animal carcasses and skins—which I didn’t dare try to put a name to—hung from the trees. 
Creepy. It reminded me of a movie Skyler and I watched a few months back about some hillbillies who hunted people because they were bored with animals. I shuddered and glanced around. No power tools hung anywhere; then again, the forest was dense—how psychos liked it. 
Aiden stared a moment before he put the truck in park and cut the ignition. “Let me do all the talking.”
 “Aye, aye, Captain.” Shoving the door open, I jumped down from the huge truck and walked around to the front, meeting Aiden.
Two shaggy masses of fur came sprinting toward us, howling like sick seals. Before I could even start to panic, a grizzled toothpick of a man emerged from behind a tree, yelling profanities and zipping up the fly on his pants. The dogs—as I took them to be—dropped to the ground whimpering. 
“What dun brung ya to my neck of the woods?” The man ran a hand through his greasy brown mullet. 
Oh. My. Hell.
Aiden remained completely expressionless. “We’re trying to find someone.”
Oh no—please no! This deranged mountain man couldn’t be the source of help Aiden and I were in search of. 
“I’d be happy tuh help. I’m Herman Vale.” The mountain man extended his hand.
Aiden’s hesitation was barely enough for me to notice as he stepped forward and took it. “Aiden Oltman.” 
Herman smiled, showing all six of his yellowed teeth. “Well, good tuh meecha.” He turned his wide, grey eyes on me, moving them up and down my figure. “An’ who mightya be?”
I crossed my arms over my chest and opened my mouth to say “take a cold shower” when Aiden spoke. “This is Taylee.” 
My eyes narrowed. Apparently, when he said no speaking, he meant it. 
Herman took a few steps forward and held a dirty hand out to me. “A pleasure.” 
I stared at his long, thick fingernails, picturing them cutting into my flesh and giving me some kind of rabid mountain man disease. I almost gagged. For all I knew, it could’ve been the one he just used to go to the bathroom. Yeah, I’m pretty sure I’d rather die. 
Herman dropped his hand and chuckled. “That’s all right iffin yur shy.” He turned back to Aiden. “Who can I help ya find?”	
Aiden reached toward me. “The drawing.”
I scowled and gave it to him. Herman took a few steps and stood at Aiden’s side.
Aiden watched the mountain man study the sketch, looking like he might decapitate him—or worse—if the man made the slightest wrong move.
Cringing, I wondered how he could stand that close to the man. I smelled the mixture of raw meat and BO from here.
Herman smoothed down his red and black flannel shirt and shook his head. “Never seen ’er.” 
Aiden scrutinized him. “Never?”
Herman stroked his beard and took another peek. “Nope. An’ I know evuryone ’round here.”
I didn’t dare look at Aiden. I wasn’t crazy. This chick had to be real.
“Also,” Aiden hesitated. “There’s this man. He wears a long black cloak—” 
“He’s about as tall as Aiden and works with a few Ry—” I covered my slip quickly. “Guys with tattoos on their faces…” Rygons weren’t exactly dinner-table-talk to the Norms. Neither were Kembers and Dreas. The Authority highly discouraged them knowing about us. I guess they thought we’d become a mad scientist’s next victim or something. 
The color drained from Herman’s face. His eyes flitted across the property, like he feared someone listening.
Aiden glanced around, too. “You know him?” 
Herman didn’t respond right away. “W-we best talk ‘bout this inside,” he whispered and motioned them to follow him.



Chapter 9
The stench of wet dog and BO radiated through the air as we walked into Mountain Man’s house. I cupped my hands over my nose and mouth, trying to stop the foul odor from invading my senses. Barely breathing, I followed Aiden and Herman single-file through the closet-like entryway and into the front room.
Aiden reached around and pulled up the back of his shirt. I blinked and then stared at his smooth, tan skin. His fingers ran ever so slowly over the pistol tucked in his pants before he gripped the handle. Two clips sat on either side of the gun:  one equipped with titanium bullets for Rygons and regular bullets for, well, anyone else. Kembers were required to carry both. I diverted my gaze; a flush spread over my cheeks. He’s reaching for his weapon not giving me a peep show! 
If this wasn’t the house of a serial killer, I didn’t know what was. Dead animal hides, antlers and what looked like ancient battle weapons covered every inch of the walls. 
“Where’s the torture chamber?” I muttered. 
Herman sat on a rocking chair with a missing arm and rested his elbow on the half-chewed one. He motioned to a dingy orange couch coated in a thin layer of black hair. “Have a sit.”
Aiden did as he was told. I, on the other hand, wanted to run screaming out of the disgusting hellhole. I held my ground. And Ian said self-control was impossible for me. Huffing, I walked toward Aiden and sat on the armrest next to him. 
Seconds later, Herman’s furry dogs rushed into the living room, each carrying what I took to be part of the smell. I gagged and turned my attention toward Herman, but he definitely didn’t lessen my urge to puke. 
Herman leaned forward in his chair. In an almost unintelligible voice he said, “You best be steerin’ clear of them gents. They be bad news.”
Aiden’s curiosity mirrored my own. He shifted in his seat. “What do you mean?”
Mountain Man swallowed. “They come here from time to time, lurkin’ through them woods and such.”
“Do you know what they’re doing?”
“No idea. I just notice folks come up missin’ whenever they be ’round.”
Rygons did tend to suck energy from Norms and Kembers, but it didn’t kill them or take a Kember’s abilities like it did us Dreas. It simply weakened them and made them vulnerable. Rygons usually murdered them for sport. Sucking so much negative energy twisted their minds and souls. Aside from their addiction to us, the amount of energy in one Drea equaled the same as ten Norms. Another reason they preferred us. 
 “Will you tell me what you know?” Aiden asked.
 “I dunno much. The leader’s name’s…Gage—Sable Gage. ‘E gots ’bout fifty men at ’is beck’n call—the ones with them gang lookin’ tattoos on their faces. He owns some club up in Portland.” 
Aiden studied Herman and waited. “Is that it?”
Beads of sweat formed on Herman’s forehead. “I’ve heard rumors…rumors of witchcraft. They say this Sable can—can torture som’one just by looking at ’em.” He inhaled a shaky breath. “They say ’e summons the Devil—controls ’m to do ’is biddin’.” 
Witch craft? Summons the Devil? Even I knew it wasn’t likely someone was controlling the Devil, even if he was real. I scoffed. People really knew how to blow things out of proportion. Though, I guess the good—yet slightly off-balanced—people of Oakridge wouldn’t know how else to justify what they’d seen.
Aiden spoke, his voice completely unemotional. “I’m sure they’re rumors. We think he’s after a young woman.”
Herman shook his head, eyes wide. “She probably owes ’im money, or has somethin’ ’e wants. There’s always the chance she caught ’im doin’ somthin’ he ain’t supposed tuh. He don’t bother ya, if ya mind yur own.”
Finally, not able to take the lack of answers anymore, I removed my hands from my face. “The girl lives around here. You have to have seen her.” Herman and Aiden both turned toward me like they’d forgotten my existence. 
Herman’s brow furrowed. “Like I said, I ain’t seen ’er.” 
I stared off. The girl really wasn’t here…Perhaps the vision I saw was some sort of premonition. The one house was for sale. Was it possible she’d move there then everything would unravel? Or did I start us on a dead end hunt? I shook my head, willing myself to get back into the conversation. 
My body stiffened, and my lungs stopped working.
A huge dog—no, more like a rabid Sasquatch on four legs—sat at my feet, its face inches from my knee. Even though its matted black hair covered its eyes, something told me they were set on me. Two long strings of saliva hung from its mouth, as if it had swallowed a shoe and saved the laces for later. The mop’s spotted tongue pulsed from its mouth, causing its breath to hit me like a tidal wave. 
Slowly, and oh so carefully, I slid down the armrest. If that dog drooled on me, which was no doubt his plan, this mountain man would have one more skin on his wall. 
Aiden coughed when my butt hit his leg and quickly scooted over. His quizzical gaze shifted to me then the dog. Apparently realizing the reason for my closeness, he continued talking. 
Herman interrupted Aiden and motioned to the creature. “’E ain’t gonna hurt ya. ’E wants ya to scratch ’is head.”
A shudder shook my body. No way. 
Herman stood and booted the dog with his foot. “Come on. Git outside.”
The dog jumped up and followed him back toward the doorway.
“Portland,” Aiden mused under his breath. He leaned back on the couch and pulled out his phone.
I scooted back to the other end of the sofa. “Are we going?”
“No.”
“What? Why not?”
“I won’t put you in danger for something as measly as curiosity. Plus it’s a club. You’re not twenty-one.”
“So, get me a fake ID.” I jumped to my feet. “That Sable Gage guy could be the one who killed—” A sharp pain shot through my heart. “We’ve gotta do something,” I choked out.
“No.” His voice stayed level. “I’ll pass the information on to Ian. He’ll make sure it’s checked out.”
“We don’t even know all the details. Can’t we go up there—like undercover—figure out what’s going on, then tell Ian?”
Aiden shifted forward on the couch, staring at me intently. “You know how dangerous that’d be? If all this is correct, there’d be dozens of Rygons waiting for his command. They could easily find you.”
“Is that supposed to scare me? Don’t you think there are more important things going on right now than my life? There’s a girl out there—somewhere—that we need to find. Don’t you think, because we have a lead on the other end, we should go and try to prevent this?”
His eyes widened. For a minute, I actually thought he’d consider. “No. I’ll make sure the Authority sends someone.”
“Yeah, and while you’re at it, why don’t you broadcast it on the news? What you’re planning is painfully obvious. Rygons’ll keep hidden if they know Kembers are around, especially a lot.”
“Ian knows that.”
“No—!” 
Herman returned, cutting off further argument. “You kids want somethin’ to eat?”
I shook my head vigorously, all the while glaring at Aiden. Who knew what kind of “something to eat” Herman had in mind:  Mice, squirrels, road kill…the dog he took out back?
 Aiden stood. “No, thank you. We should be going.” His eyes met mine and, with a jerk of his head, motioned for me to follow Herman toward the exit. Too angry to be relieved we were finally leaving, I spun on my heel and followed.
Right before Herman pulled open the door, Aiden said, “Do you go to Portland often?”
Herman shrugged. “I’m wanderin’ up that way next week tuh do some huntin’.”
Aiden measured the man for a few moments. “While you’re up there, would you mind talking to some of the locals? Maybe figure out which club Sable Gage owns and have a drink.” Aiden pulled a wad of cash from his wallet. 
In an attempt to fight my anger, I bit the inside of my cheek. Did he really think sending Herman would shut me up?
Herman’s breath caught. “Y-yeah, I could do that fur ya. I’ll be down thur anyway.”
Aiden nodded and handed him the money. “Be discreet. Leave us out of it. If everything goes smoothly and you manage to scrape up some good information, I’ll give you the other half when you get back.” He pulled some random business card from his wallet and scribbled down his phone number . 
Herman took a step back and wiped the sweat off his forehead, looking like he might pass out. “Got it. Notta word ’bout either of ya. It’ll take me a few weeks—if that’s all right.”
 Aiden reached toward the door and pulled it open. “That’s fine. We’re not in too big of a hurry.”
I scowled and pushed by them to get some fresh air. “Nope, not at all.”
As soon as my butt hit the passenger seat, I slammed the truck door closed, fury building with every breath. “Are you freakin’ kidding me?”
Aiden winced, but not at my anger. “Don’t slam the door.”
“How old are you—ninety?”
“Don’t slam it.” 
“Yes, Grandpa.” 
Aiden stared at me without blinking. “Are we going to have a conversation or play your game?”
I felt a foot shorter, looking into those overwhelmingly stern eyes. It was too much to even sit under. “I—I…um…” I stammered like a damn fool, all the while wanting to crawl in a hole. Taking a silent, deep breath, my adrenaline and anger diminished. “Why’d you ask the deranged mountain man to go? We won’t know anything for weeks.” 
He started the truck and backed down the driveway. “No one would see him as a threat. I’m sure most places he goes he’s completely unnoticed. Plus, he’s afraid. He’ll be cautious and not barrel in irrationally.” His gaze flitted toward me.
 “You couldn’t have asked anyone else?”
“Like you said, we need someone to go in undercover. Who better than Herman? He doesn’t even have to pretend.”
“Weeks, though. The chick could be dead by then.”
“Haven’t we established there is no girl?”
I crossed my arms, pressing my fists against my ribcage. “Maybe she was traveling or hadn’t moved here yet.”
He didn’t respond.
An earlier thought surfaced again. “What if she moves into that yellow house or something?”
He shrugged, not looking convinced. “It’s possible.”
“So, could we, you know, keep an eye on it?”
Aiden raked his hand through his dark hair, letting out a slow breath. “I suppose.” He hesitated. “I don’t think this Sable Gage guy is the one you’re keen on finding. The man in those “visions” and the man who killed Del—” he stopped, hearing my nearly-silent jagged breath, “…had the gift of fire. He was a Kember.” His eyes met mine. “From what it sounds like, Sable Gage has the ability to torture with this mind, like some Dreas.” 
“That’s why you don’t wanna jump on this? You think he’s harmless.”
“Not harmless. Just not the threat we’re seeking.”
“What about the Rygon army? Doesn’t that fit?” 
“Possibly, but you have to observe this from all angles. This Sable Gage could very well be a Rygon himself. He could even be a normal person who knows witchcraft. You never know.”
 “Witchcraft? Funny how people always jump to that.”
Aiden shot me a side-long glance. “How do you know it’s not true?”
“Oh, please.” I almost laughed. “All that voodoo BS? There’s no way. I believe in what I can see and feel.”
“So do I, but I’ve also learned not to rule anything out.”
“You can’t tell me you believe that.”
He shook his head. “I think people have misinterpreted what they’ve seen. I’ve been wrong before, so I’m not ruling it out…completely.”
Funny, that’s what I’d thought earlier. People and their wild imaginations. “If Herman does find out some good stuff, then what?”
“I’ll send the information to Ian.” 
“And then?”
“He’ll send the Guard in.” 
The Guard was made up with ten to fifteen Kembers. Not just any Kembers. Wicked awesome ones who could kill you with a flick of their fingers. I’d had the privilege of meeting a few a couple years ago at a Kember graduation. They worked just under the Authority. If a problem required brute strength and mad skills, the Authority sent the Guard to intervene. 
“Right now, they’re searching for the Kember responsible for Delmari’s death. I’m sure it wouldn’t be a problem to stop by Portland.”
I flinched, a surge of anger breaking through. “Well, if you ask me, they’re doing a piss poor job. It’s been weeks! They’re just a bunch of idiots who don’t know what the hell they’re doing.” 
His jaw dropped a fraction. “You shouldn’t talk like that.”
I scoffed, knowing he was right, but too angry to admit it. “I can say whatever I want.” 
His fists tightened on the steering wheel. “I was a part of the Guard for six years. It’s a lot of hard work and finding people—especially a rogue Kember—takes time and a lot of patience.”
I froze, now feeling like a jackass. “Oh, uh…” I searched quickly for a subject change. He’d told me he was twenty-four. If he was in the guard for six years…“Does that mean I’m your first Drea?”
“Yes.” He didn’t say “yes” in a good way, either.
 “Look.” I couldn’t believe I actually felt bad about my comment. “I didn’t mean…I get angry and…” I risked a glance at his stiffened posture and dropped the subject. 
 Putting all differences aside, I had to admit he was kind of helpful and pretty smart. Obviously. He’d been part of the Guard. Enough said. That explained his respected badass reputation. I was a little impressed. Unfriendly or not, you had to respect a badass.
“So…” I cleared my throat. “About Portland?”


Chapter 10
The second we arrived back home, I raced for the shower. No need to infect the house. 
I had a hunch Aiden’s thoughts hadn’t been far from mine. The ends of his wavy hair were still damp when he stepped into the kitchen an hour later, wearing a fresh black shirt and faded blue jeans. 
He unwrapped a Hot Pocket and placed it in the microwave. 
Words—no—threats bubbled in my throat. I pressed my lips together and turned back to my Pop-Tarts in the toaster. I can do this. I drummed my nails on the countertop.
The Portland argument hadn’t ended in my favor. I vowed to give him the silent treatment until he agreed to take me. Childish? Maybe, but eventually he’d need me to talk. 
More time passed without him even acknowledging me. Unintentionally, I tapped my foot on the floor, breaking the silence. I needed this. I had to go. 
Before I could whirl one of my clever lines—or Pop-Tart—at him, I shoved the plate across the counter and stormed to my room. 
After undressing, I grabbed my grey pajama shorts and white tank top, then jerked them on. I curled up in bed, sliding my face next to the wall and pulled the comforter over my head, blocking out the soft glow coming through the window. 
Only, sleep never came easy anymore. 
Every time I closed my eyes, I saw the forest lit in flames. When I dreamt, sadistic yellow-eyed men with long, flowing robes killed him again. I’d jolt awake seconds after, a scream on the edge of my tongue, unsure if I’d let it out or stopped the noise just in time.
More times than not, I woke in a cold sweat. Other nights, morning seemed to come moments after closing my eyes, which still hung heavy with the need for more rest.
Unfortunately, that wasn’t this night. Light from the rising sun seeped through the curtains, bathing the room in a pale pink. Pushing the damp strands of hair from my face, I climbed out of bed and walked to the door.
I tiptoed down the hall, past Aiden’s closed door, and straight into the living room. The big flat-screen TV didn’t even tempt me. With my luck, some show about forest fires or murderers would be on. Peeking around the half-wall separating the kitchen, I sighed. Like I could eat after I’d been to hell and back. Thank you, subconscious. 
Turning back to drop on the couch, an open door, I thought to be a closet, caught my eye. Instead of hangers, or what could’ve been a stash of dead bodies for all I knew, there were stairs.
Besides my own room, I hadn’t checked the place out. It was everything anyone would expect a two-bedroom, two-bathroom house to be: Small. 
Nightmares forgotten, I glanced over my shoulder and snuck toward the doorway. A dim light shone down the stairwell, leading to a blue padded floor. A clinging sound, like metal on metal, reverberated in the distance. Maybe I’d seen too many horror movies, but I pictured some guy with a leather mask swinging an axe. Oddly, the thought made me even more curious. I fidgeted with a string on my shorts and looked around the room once more, making sure Aiden hadn’t crept up on me with his freakishly quiet movements. Debating for a tenth of a second more, I descended.
A huge room, the length and width of the entire house, stretched out before me. Blue and red foam mats covered the floors and walls. “Where’re the straitjackets?” I said under my breath. Ian probably put us in this house for my benefit, but if any of us should’ve been put in a padded room, it was him for placing me with Aiden. 
Creepy, faceless practice dummies and dangling punching bags bordered a section off to the right of the room. In the back corner were weight machines. Hence the clanging. 
Aiden lay on his back, facing the wall, using the bench press. 
I started toward him, wondering why he hadn’t heard me. Or maybe he had but was hoping I’d get the hint and leave. Even though I still wasn’t talking to him, I couldn’t bring myself to go. Not yet, anyway. Must’ve been a result of social deprivation. 
Oh. My. I bit my lip and stopped right above his head. My eyes roamed over his godsend eight pack and defined chest. Forget the firemen pictures I used to have pinned to my wall. This was the real deal. A huff of air escaped his lips every time his muscular arms lifted the bar. Bulky couldn’t quite describe his body type; neither could lean. He seemed to be right smack in the middle of both. Cut. Ripped. And…A warm flush spread over my face. Wow.
 I could’ve gawked all day—and would’ve—had I not noticed little black wires, running from his ears to a pocket on his workout shorts. He was listening to music? Real smart. How’d he know I hadn’t been screaming bloody murder, scrambling to get away from some psycho Rygon? He didn’t.
So...I screamed.
The bar flew out of Aiden’s hands and hit the padded wall. He bounded off the bench and rammed into me, sending me sailing into the air. Shocks of pain shot through my entire body as I came down hard on my back.
Wide-eyed, I stared at the ceiling. That did not just happen. 
In an instant, Aiden stood over me, face pallid. “Are you hurt?”
I blinked a few times and pushed myself into the sitting position. My wrist throbbed, making me wince. I pulled it into my lap. 
Aiden’s jaw clenched as he crouched down in front of me and took my hand in his. Lifting his intense eyes to mine briefly, he grazed the tips of his fingers over the sides of my wrist. He applied the tiniest bit of pressure as he examined it, checking for broken bones, I guessed. I watched him, feeling too enthralled to be bothered with pain. I’d have never thought his rough, Rygon-killing hands could be gentle. 
I averted my gaze, but my eyes didn’t get far. They stopped, drawn in by the black tattoo—his Kember mark—covering his left peck. All Kembers had them. The fancy back-to-back Ks symbolized that they took the oath and completed their training. Wow it looked good on him. Really good…maybe even sexy—Good hell! He must’ve knocked me down harder than I thought. I couldn’t think of him as even remotely appealing. He was a Kember. Because of our different energies, our two races didn’t hold that kind of attraction for each other. It was unheard of—unnatural. Like a cat and dog getting busy. Gross. No way would I get lost in his strong, soft hands…
Aiden’s fingers stopped abruptly. His eyes widened and hardened in the same instant but never moved from my hand. 
I stopped breathing. Did he feel what I’d been feeling? Damn it.
In a tight voice he asked, “What were you thinking?”
What was I thinking? He didn’t want to know about all the indecent thoughts spinning around in my head. “Well—”
“Why’d you scream?” Apparently he thought twice about invading the inner workings of my mind. 
“I…uh wanted to know if you could hear me.”
He glanced up through the dampened hair that hung in his narrowed eyes. “You couldn’t have said something like ‘Aiden, can you hear me?’ You had to scream?”
I looked away, my cheeks burning. That way would’ve been a lot less painful. “I didn’t really…”
“Think about it?” Aiden finished my unspoken thought, his voice low and unapologetic. “Maybe you should start. Then you wouldn’t find yourself in these kinds of predicaments.”
“If you would’ve been doing your job, I wouldn’t have yelled. It’s not my fault you bulldozed me.”
 “You screamed like someone was ripping out your throat You expected me to finish my set? Get up calmly?” 
 “No, I just didn’t—”
“Think about it. I could’ve hurt you.” 
No, he couldn't have. I was already broken. I stared at the wall, refusing to meet his gaze. One of those very rare moments where I had absolutely nothing to say, crept in. Probably from the awkwardness. I screamed, actually screamed, to get his attention. How old was I? Two? 
I opened my mouth, but the words took a second to come. “Is it broken?” 
“No.” He released my hand and stood, walking toward a little black bag stationed against a wall. “Just sprained. If we wrap it, it’ll be okay in a few days.”
On his left side, from his armpit to his hip, were black symbols; some kind of cool writing. I leaned forward to get a better look, but the curvy lines and dots meant nothing to me. Taking a deep breath, I averted my gaze, realizing I’d stared longer than necessary. “I didn’t know we had a basement. Any other secret passages I should know about?”
After almost a minute, he returned carrying a wrap. “I’m down here every morning. Are you that unobservant?”
“No. I usually just don’t get up before six—like normal people.” 
Again, Aiden took my hand. Warmth spread through my body at his touch, making it impossible to think about anything else. I looked down, cursing myself. 
If Aiden felt it, he hid it well—thank goodness. Fitting the bandage between my thumb and pointer finger, he wrapped it down around my wrist. “I’m sure you didn’t get up this early to get pummeled.” 
 “Actually, I didn’t realize you were down here. I thought the door was a closet, and when I saw the stairs, I got curious.” 
“Curiosity woke you?” 
My palms started sweating. Did he know about my nightmares? Had I actually screamed in my sleep and woken him? I fingered the thin strap on my tank top and looked down. “Can’t we go to Portland? I’ll do anything. I’ll read that freakin’ bird book. I’ll—I’ll try not to do crap like this…” Me and my big mouth.
His profound eyes swept me. I wondered what he saw:  a poor pathetic girl, begging to be taken to her death, or a spiteful smartass so caught up in revenge she couldn’t see straight. 
Finally, Aiden focused his attention back on my wrist and finished wrapping it. He nodded toward the workout equipment. “Let me finish here. Get an overnight bag packed, and I’ll meet you at the truck in twenty minutes.”
I got my way without mind control? I just about questioned but didn’t dare risk the chances of him giving me a different answer. Once Aiden released me, I sprinted back to my room. I could barely believe we were actually going. The thought almost made me giddy. 
My steps faltered and my heart sank when I spotted the black backpack in the corner of my closet. His voice echoed in my mind, repeating his words on that last day. “Grab your pack, now.”
A jagged breath escaped my lips. I brought my arms across my chest and bit my knuckles. My thoughts, like they did every so often, tried rushing back to that day. I fought it, thinking about Portland. The Kember might not be there, like Aiden said, but that didn’t mean this trip would be a dead end. Someone somewhere had to know him. He’d pay for what he did. Focusing only on that, I packed my bag and walked outside.
Aiden stood from his crouched position by the truck tire. He dusted off his hands and strode to the driver’s side. “Did you bring the book?” 
I scowled, pulled the passenger door open and threw my small bag over the seat. Gripping the paperback, I waved it in the air. If I was lucky enough, a huge bird would swoop down and take it off my hands. 
Luck evaded me.
I climbed in the truck. “So, let me get this straight:  we’re not starting any fights and we’re not looking for that Sable Gage dude?”
“Correct.”
I threw my hands up in exasperation. “Then what’s the point of this overnight venture?” 
His eyes flickered to the book in my hand. 
“You can’t be serious. When I asked to go to Portland, it wasn’t so I could waste away reading some outdated book.” 
“I suggest you get to it then.”
I grimaced and motioned to the stereo. “Well, maybe I could if you’d turn off this crap music. You might be used to banjos and bad grammar, but I grew up with some class. No need to make me suffer.”
 Aiden put the truck in reverse and backed down the driveway. “It’s the only station that comes in clear out here.”
I slumped back. “In that case, I prefer static. Maybe you should take it as a sign.”
“A sign of what?”
“That we live too far from civilization.”
He reached under the seat and grabbed a bulky black CD case, tossing it into my lap. “I prefer to stay out of cities.”
 “Why? You have some weirdo obsession with pine trees?” 
I thought I detected a bit of humor in his eyes, but it disappeared before I could be sure. “The smallest sounds keep me awake. Out here, unless it’s a rare night, the worst things I hear are animals and, of course, you.”
Me? Great. My nightmares. Had I been sleep talking? I’d been known to do that. What had he heard?
“So it does get annoying.” I shot him my best smug smile.
He took a moment, choosing his words carefully. “Every gift has a flaw. Sometimes the hearing is…inconvenient.”
“I bet it drives you crazy in crowds of people.”
“It’s like being trapped in a small room while dozens of people are each having their own boisterous conversation. You don’t know which to tune into or out of.”
“How’d you get through school?”
 “Earplugs.” He lifted the wavy hair covering most of his ear. “No one noticed. During the summer months when I attended the Kember Academy, they only allowed me to wear them at night…I had to learn to pull certain voices from a crowd.”
Kembers attended normal public school like we did. Once they started seventh grade, they were required to attend the Kember Academy during the summer. Their junior and senior years, they enrolled in the academy full-time, training and preparing to take the oath. Some Kembers didn’t. Some actually refused to complete their schooling and went out into the normal world, disgracing their names. 
“Is that the reason you joined the Guard? They wanted you to spy or something?”
“Partly.” He grabbed a pair of black sunglasses from the consul separating our seats. Obviously, he didn’t feel like elaborating.
I opened my mouth to ask more questions, like why he wasn’t there anymore, but decided not to push him when he reached over and tapped the cover of the paperback. 
Half asleep, an hour later, the truck slowed. I yawned and glanced out the window, then did a double take. My breath caught. I popped forward in my seat. The familiar urban neighborhood…houses. “Are you crazy? What the hell are we doing here?” 
 Aiden tightened his grip on the steering wheel, refusing to meet my gaze. “Just a side stop.” 


Chapter 11
Skyler dropped the basketball, mouth agape. He glanced back at Joshua, who stood beneath the hoop looking just as stunned. When Skyler finally managed to shut his trap, he grinned and sprinted toward Aiden’s truck. 
Oh, here we go. 
Pushing the door open to meet my best friend, I glared back at Aiden, hoping I intimidated the crap out of him. Hell would be waiting, in the form of me, when we left this house. I loved Skyler, sure, but I didn’t feel like being whipped into a verbal frenzy. He’d bring up everything—things I’d die before talking about. Hence the reason I hadn’t returned his calls. Now I’d have to explain myself, and I didn’t even have time to muster up a good lie.
Skyler grabbed me from the truck before my feet hit the ground and pulled me into a strangle hold. He spun me around like we were in some cheesy old movie. “What gives? You don’t call, you don’t text. I thought you were pissed at me.” 
“No.” My voice was muffled against his chest. “Just been busy.”
“Busy? Don’t you sit home every day?”
I wiggled down his lean, six-foot-four frame until my feet touched the cement. “Yeah, thanks for the reminder.”
His brow furrowed and he grabbed my chin. “Your eyes. They look—”
I jerked my head away. “Bad. I know. So does the rest of me.” I hardly had any makeup on and my once cute designer clothes looked like they were bought at a garage sale. The result of having two outfits over the last three weeks. 
“That’s not what I was gonna say.” He frowned. 
 Aiden’s low voice came from behind me. “How’re you, Skyler?” 
Skyler tore his gaze from me, his grin sliding back into place. “Great, now. I missed my little Tay.” He rumpled my hair.
“I know. I’ve been taking the phone calls.” 
I’d never asked him to play receptionist;. I just didn’t want to talk to anyone. 
Joshua strode forward, his happy smile turned small and sympathetic. No doubt getting ready to ask that question:  “How’re you holding up, Tay?” The words were forming in his mouth. My stomach churned at the thought. People used to think I was tough and witty. Now everyone worried I’d go crazy and throw myself off a cliff. I had my dignity to save, starting here.
I tilted my head. “That’s the slowest I’ve seen you move. Forty’s gonna be tough on you, old man.”
Joshua beamed like he’d witnessed a resurrection. “Watch it, girl, I’d hate for this old man to embarrass you.” He pulled me into a hug. I closed my eyes, feeling his familiar embrace. It almost felt like I was hugging—
No, no. Don’t go there, Taylee! I stepped away, silently inhaling. 
Joshua studied me. The corners of his lips fell as the tip of his finger traced below my eye. 
Great. Even Joshua noticed the Zombie resemblance. 
With a nod, Joshua motioned Aiden toward the beige, river-rock house. They walked away. I was unable to shake the weirdness of Joshua without Delmari. Skyler and I followed them. Could Aiden take the spot of Joshua’s best friend? 
Skyler knocked me out of my thoughts, talking about basketball tryouts. 
“My dad’ll be flying back around Thanksgiving so he can meet with the scouts.” He rolled his eyes. “He’s determined to be at every game. Not easily done when you live six states away.”
Yeah, but the prick would push back court dates and pull all the strings a manipulating Drea lawyer could to be there. 
“I’m sure he’ll manage.” I stepped over piles of clothes to his unmade bed. 
“So…how’s the new place?” There was reluctance in his voice as he shut the door.
I shrugged. “Fine, I guess. Not the White House, that’s for sure.” Skyler’s house could fit three of my houses inside it. Then again, the Authority provided my home—not my rich father. They also paid Aiden’s salary because I didn’t have a family or income.
“So, why don’t you come live with me? There’s plenty of room for you and Aiden here. We could go to school together and…” 
Just sitting in Skyler’s room made the continual, dull ache in my chest throb. Everything looked the same. Pictures of us from the time we were two years old  tucked in and taped to his mirror. Over and over I reminded myself to breathe. No way could I live here. Happy memories surrounded me, reminding me the best days of my life were gone. 
 “Daddy would love that.” 
Skyler lay next to me, placing both hands behind his head. “He doesn’t have a choice. Talk to Aiden—” His eyes widened and he sat up. “What the heck happened to your wrist?” 
 I was glad for the subject change but not so happy about where it went. “Aiden rammed into me. It was an accident…I think.”
He reached out and took it, examining it like he had X-ray vision. “What’d you do?”
What did I do? Why was it always my fault? “Nothing…it’s a long story. Don’t worry about it. So, doing anything fun tonight?”
 “Why?” His eyes brightened, ridding his earlier concern. Mission accomplished. “You staying here?”
“I don’t think so. We’re headed to Portland.”
“For what?” 
I lay back, rolled to my stomach and rested my chin on his chest. The Kember flashed in my mind. I didn’t dare tell Skyler. He’d try and talk me out of it. “Aiden promised if I read this book, he’d take me there.”
He coughed in surprise. “You did it? I figured you’d tell him what he could go do to himself.”
“Yeah, well, I gotta walk the line. Ian’ll lock me up like some crazy if I don’t.” The words slipped and I turned away, resting the side of my face on his chest. Skyler and I hadn’t talked since the funeral incident. I’d bash my head against the wall if he brought it up now. 
He laughed under his breath. It sounded totally off. “You were tired and upset. Nothing’s wrong with you. Got it? Everyone understands.” 
Everyone? Fantastic. Nothing like a “let’s talk Taylee” gossip party. 
 Skyler’s hand swept my cheek as he brushed the hair from my face. With long gentle strokes, he continued to run his fingers though the length of it, not even trying to downplay his obsession with the softness. “Did you hear about Camille Whitmore?”
“The blonde whore you dated forever ago?”
“She’s missing,” he whispered. “Her whole family’s gone, and all their Kembers were killed two nights ago.”
I lifted my head to look at him. A strand of hair fell from his fingers. “Missing? Wh—How?” 
He swallowed hard. “Rygons probably. Joshua heard officials in that area found the Kembers’ bodies, but the Dreas weren’t anywhere. This is secondhand, though. The Authority hasn’t released any information yet.”
I stared blankly. Sure Camille and I had our differences. Okay, who was I fooling? I hated the bitch, but still, she didn’t deserve to be kidnapped. “Rygons don’t take Dreas. Dead or alive.” They might drag them a few hundred yards, depending on where the attack occurred, but their bodies were always found. 
He propped himself up on his elbows. “I know. It’s probably a rumor. You know how they fly around in our world. Just promise you’ll be careful and keep out of trouble.”
I rolled my eyes. “This coming from you?”
He chuckled and leaned his forehead against mine. “Hey, I only get in the trouble you get me into.”
“Yeah, but if we were both like you, we’d look both ways and still never cross the street.”
Skyler pulled back, keeping his face inches from mine. “Well, someone’s gotta try and save you from your reckless ambitions.” His brown goo-goo eyes sparkled as they set on my lips. We’d kissed a few times but never been on a boyfriend-girlfriend status or had anything intimate. Our friendship was too important to risk losing. Sometimes he needed reminding. 
I blew in his face. 
Blinking, he jerked back and snapped out of Skyler-land. 
I stuck my tongue out and jumped from the bed as his shoe connected with my butt. “Come on, Homeless Girl. Let’s get you some new clothes.” He chuckled.
After buying two black suitcases and stuffing them with outfits, I went on and bought the makeup I obviously needed:  powder, blush, mascara, eye liner. Tonight, I’d transform from a zombie into a seventeen-year-old girl. By two o’clock, Aiden and I were back on the road, bad music and all. 
With only twenty-five pages left in the bird book, the truck started to slow. I set the paperback down and peered out the window. Crystal blue water stretched as far as the eye could see. White capped waves rushed onto the shore in rhythmic patterns. Lush green forests and rocky cliffs lined the sandy beach.
I extended my legs out in front of me and scooted forward on the seat. “Why do we live in Oakridge again?”
“Most of these seaside towns are tourist attractions. We need to stay low-key.”
Not my specialty. “So, no drinking screwdrivers or table dancing?” I shot him a mischievous smile.
He just shook his head.
 We continued toward town, passing old buildings and parallel-parked cars. Swarms of people strolled down the sidewalks, entering and exiting little shops. After a moment, Aiden pulled into a parking lot. A huge wooden sign with orange letters read:  Sea Side Motel.
Aiden slung his duffle bag over his shoulder and picked up both my suitcases as I stepped out of the truck. The salty sea breeze blew little strands of hair in my face, carrying the scents of salt and coconut oil. I shifted my gaze out to the rolling waves before following Aiden through the glass doors. 
“Welcome!” A blonde girl jumped from a chair and skipped to the front desk. Her smile stretched clear back to her ears and her voice was so cheery, I wanted to smack her for the sole reason of ruining her blissful mood. “Do you have a reservation?” 
“No.” Aiden set the bags at our feet and reached in his back pocket, pulling out a leather wallet. 
She clicked her tongue and typed something in the computer. “You’re in luck. We have one room left. How many nights will you be staying?”
I looked around the room, confused. “Is something going on this weekend?”
“The Governor’s birthday,” Aiden replied.
 “Um…okay. Who cares?” 	
The receptionist’s mouth dropped. “Every year he throws a huge bash in Portland. It’s only the biggest event in Oregon.” She reached down, pulled a flyer from a drawer and handed it to Aiden. “Every motel within thirty miles is usually filled by this time of day, so you stopped in the right town.” She snatched it back and flipped it over. She pointed to a big star. “We’re here in—”
It hit me like a bag of cinderblocks. So hard it knocked me breathless. “What the hell.” I smacked Aiden’s arm. “You said you were taking me to Portland.”
Veins in his hands surfaced as he gripped his wallet. “Wait a minute and I’ll explain.” 
 I fell for his trap. Thinking back, he never actually said we were going to Portland. How dense could I be? He’d never take me there, and maybe if I would’ve looked past his mind-blowing biceps, I would’ve seen this coming. “Explain what? How you lied to get me to shut up?”
He glanced at the gawking girl, who finally lost her smile, and then back at me. “I didn’t lie to you. Calm down.” He handed the girl a credit card.
I narrowed my eyes. “Calm down? “You lied! You were—”
“Enough.” A glint of danger sounded in his voice, something that told me I’d regret it if I didn’t drop it. 
The receptionist stared down, refusing to make eye contact with either of us, and slid a yellow slip across the counter. “Please sign here, Mr. Oltman.” When he did, she handed us a key. “E-Enjoy your stay.”
Aiden nodded. “Thank you.” 
He picked up our bags and exited the building. I followed only because he had everything I owned and the keys to the truck. 
Still seething, I turned a corner and rammed into his chest. I staggered backward, but luckily he didn’t knock me down this time. 
 “If my intent wasn’t to help you,” Aiden motioned toward me, “why would I spend an entire day walking through a forest for someone who may not exist? Why would I pay someone to come down here and then travel all this way? Did it ever occur to you I’m trying to help you?”
Peering down, I twisted the toe of my shoe on the cement. I’d never thought of that. “Um, uh…”
“If we’re going to do this, you have to trust me.” Again, his tone had an edge to it. “You have to be confident enough in me to know I’m going to do everything in my power to help you and keep you safe. I’m on your side. I’m never going to lie to you. I’m never going to deceive you.”
I didn’t say anything, or rather, I couldn’t. Words escaped me. He had done a lot for me. More than most would’ve. A huge part of me knew he was right about everything, but it was against my hard-headed nature to admit it so quickly. 	
He turned toward room number fifteen, slid the key card in the slot and pushed the door open. 
 “You’ve gotta be freakin’ kidding me.”



Chapter 12
Sure the room appeared nice and cozy with light blue walls and tan-colored carpet. It had all the accommodations most motels did:  a desk, TV—hey—even a fridge. But what that smiling whore forgot to mention was the bed. Yes, bed. As in one. 
“We should saran wrap her car.”
“It’s the last room they have.” Aiden kicked the door closed then dropped our bags off to the side of the room. “I’m sure we can get a cot. I’ll call for one when we get back.”
Sitting on top of the desk, I leaned my head against the wall and placed my feet on the chair. “Would this be the point in time where I get the ‘explanation’?”
 He pulled out a fresh black shirt from his bag and shook it. “We’re not staying in Portland because I don’t want to be there any longer than a few hours. Enough people should be around so you don’t stick out, but you still need to be cautious. Rygons thrive in crowds.” He zipped his bag closed and turned to face me. “Last year we received a call down at Portland after seven people were reported missing. They weren’t Dreas, luckily, but the evidence of Rygon attacks were everywhere. Two hours after examining the area, we found the victims’ bodies massacred.” His intense eyes bore into mine. 
“You’re not telling me this for shits and giggles.” 
“I’m telling you this because Rygons are dangerous, but a rogue Kember is lethal. You can barge in and get yourself killed, but how does that help us catch him? How does that avenge Delmari? If you die, Delmari died in vain.”
 A sharp pain shot through my core. I clasped my hand over my chest, unable to breathe. My nails cut into my skin. Warm liquid trickled onto my fingers, slowly abating the pressure and inner pain. 
 Half-falling in an attempt to get off the desk, I knocked the phone and lamp to the floor and headed to the bathroom.
“Taylee—”
 The slamming door cut off his voice. I sucked in a jagged breath. Delmari died in vain. I sat against the shower wall, clenching my fists, fighting the sting in my eyes. Crying did nothing. It didn’t help. Settling the score would be the only cure.
Aiden knocked lightly. “I didn’t mean to upset—”
“I’m fine. Just getting changed.”
He sighed. The door cracked open, and my bag slid across the tile. 
Inhaling deeply, I squeezed my eyes closed and heaved myself up off the floor. Get dressed. Get your makeup on and get a freakin’ grip. If I allowed myself the time to stop and think, I’d always be on the floor. I had to keep plowing forward.
I tied the strings of my maroon tight-fitted halter top around my neck and then dragged a small section of hair down my neck, covering the red, wet marks I’d inflicted on my chest. The scratches weren’t deep or anything, but definitely apparent. 
When I walked back into the room, Aiden eyed me. “Where’s the wrap for your hand?” 
I refused to meet his gaze.  “Throws off the outfit.” I bent my wrist a few times and shrugged. “Plus, I popped some Ibuprofen. It doesn’t even hurt now.”
He’d changed into a new black shirt, as well. This one fit slightly tighter, showing off his awesome arms and chest. Black, really? He wore the color every day. Maybe he liked the Goth get-up. I, for one, thought green would look good on him. Yes, definitely green. It’d bring out his eyes—stop thinking about him. 
Plus, any more points in his “good looks” area and I’d be acting like…well, this. 
“Ready?” I pulled my black jacket off the bed. Irritation, though directed toward myself, rang through my tone.
“Let’s go.” He strode toward the door.
Hundreds of people roamed the streets of Portland. I sat forward, palms on the dash, checking everything out. You’d think we’d driven straight into an amusement park. Bright golden lights strung from pole to pole, illuminating the darkness. The annoying, slightly creepy, sounds of fair music and games echoed in the distance. 
We drove around for fifteen minutes, looking for a parking place. Finally, in an alleyway, we found a spot. 
Aiden stood outside my door. With his hand on the handle, he stared into space; probably listening to…I didn’t know: Whatever there was to listen to in dark, musty alleyways. I grabbed my jacket from the backseat as he opened the door.
“We should be fine. Rygons may sense you, but they’ll stay low-key. I’m sure you’re not the only Drea here tonight.”
“So, stay out of dark, narrow alleyways, right?” I jumped down from the truck and peered around. 
Like he did so often, he ignored my comment. “Stay close. Make sure you don’t step an inch farther than this.” He motioned to the foot between us. “If you see anyone you recognize, don’t do anything without consulting me. And don’t—”
“Talk to, or take candy from strangers. Yeah, yeah, I know. Can we get on with this already?” I started for the street ahead. 
“We have two hours.” By the closeness of his low voice, he wasn’t fooling about the distance thing. 
“So is the GPS in your head on fritz or do you know where the club is?” We reached the mouth of the alley and I looked up and down the road. Streams of cars lined the streets in both directions. Over the tops of the buildings, a feint glow lit the sky. 
“Go right.” 
I was already heading in that direction. 
“The city’s web site listed multiple clubs and bars, but they’re all in different parts of town.”
“So…?”
“So, we’ll find a place to eat, I’ll eavesdrop on conversations and we’ll figure it out from there.”
We. The plural word almost made me smile. It wasn’t “I’ll figure it out and I’ll do everything.” He talked like he thought of me as a teammate and not some meager Drea who possessed people. I risked a glance in his direction, feeling borderline giddy, and his gaze darted around the darkness. 
We turned another corner, and I flinched against the bright lights coming off the main street. Immediately, the crowd of people filed around us. Aiden pushed me forward. I hadn’t even noticed I’d stopped walking. 
His hand stretched past my head. The warmth of his breath tickled my ear when he spoke, making goose bumps rise on my skin. “Head for the purple neon sign.”
The sign beamed from a building a few blocks in front of us. I stretched up on my tippy toes as we weaved through the crowd, trying to get a better look. Black tinted windows and a burly guy at the door taking I.D.s…It had to be the place.
Feet from the door, Aiden tugged my belt loop and stopped me in my tracks. “I don’t know what’s in there…” 
I rolled my eyes. “Relax. I’ve been around drunks before. Besides, Mr. Badass Protector, I’m sure you can handle disoriented pervs.”
“No. I’m not just talking about that. This club is called…‘The Cat.’”
I tilted my head to check out the sign once again. “Huh, you know Spanish?”
“It’s Italian.”
“Same difference.” Realization dawned on me. A club called “The Cat.” “Oh man, you don’t think this place is crawling with strippers…do you?”
He hesitated, and I knew our thoughts were in sync. “It’s hard to tell.”
“Well, let’s hope not.” My gaze moved up and down his frame. “’Cause that would be awkward.” 
“If it is—”
“Keep your dollar bills to yourself.”
Aiden sighed and motioned to the bald-headed security guard. “Are you ready to do this?” 
To use my ability without being chewed out? “Hell yeah, I am.”
We stood behind a couple who couldn’t keep their lips—or hands, for that matter—off each other. When they proceeded forward, we stepped to the front of the line. The bouncer, arms crossed and feet spread wide, growled. “IDs.” 
Aiden shot me a side-long glance as he showed the man his card. 
The man extended his hand toward me.	
Tightening my grip on my driver’s license, I held it out to the man and looked straight into his eyes. I relaxed and allowed my mind to reach forward. A warm surge of tingles shot up my spine, enfolding me, as I felt the prick of his mind. Pushing around his small resistance, I grabbed a hold and wrapped his whole intellect in mine. 
 His hand stopped midair. He looked at me glassy-eyed. 
A small smile spread over my lips. Like an alcoholic who tasted wine after being deprived, a calm, satisfied feeling flooded through my body. Unfortunately, it couldn’t last very long without taking a toll on my energy level.
Check my ID.
He did.
Step back and let me through.
Again, he obeyed. I snatched my license back, and we slipped through the metal door.
Music blared, practically assaulting me, as we entered. Blotches of yellow, hot pink and orange paint lit up the black floors and ceilings as if someone had taken a paintball gun to the place. Lights bounced off walls and the jumble of wild, dancing people. “HOW’RE WE SUPPOSED TO FIND ANYONE?” Again, I stretched as tall as I could, seeing a bar smack in the middle of the vast room. To the left of it, a huge rainbow-colored staircase spiraled up to another floor. 
When Aiden didn’t respond, I turned around. His eyes narrowed as he slowly scanned the cluster.
“HELLO?”
His lips moved, but his voice got lost in the noise.
“WHAT?”
Wincing, Aiden lowered his face to mine. His minty, fresh breath cascaded over my cheeks. “You don’t need to yell and let everyone know what we’re doing. I can hear you perfectly.”
I strained to keep my eyes locked on his, even though they felt like they might jump out of my head to get a peek at his lips. 
“…okay?” He straightened his stance.
I blinked and took a step back. “O-okay.” Even though I have no idea what you said. Hopefully nothing important. 
 Turning back toward the crowd, I started forward. Aiden grabbed hold of my arm and turned me left. I could’ve sworn he said something about selective hearing.
 I glanced over my shoulder. “HUH?”
He motioned toward the left side of the bar. “GO!” 
Now that came across loud and clear. Not all of us had freak hearing. I weaved through dancing bodies, accidentally touching sweaty arms and nearly being trampled by some guy shaking his beer belly.
Stopping below the rainbow staircase, I peered up. “WHERE—” I stopped myself before I blew his eardrum and lowered my voice, unable to hear my own words. “Where now?”
My body stiffened as Aiden leaned in. “Why don’t you listen?”
“’Cause you wouldn’t know what to do if I did.” I rolled my eyes. “SERIOUSLY, I CAN’T HEAR JACK SH—” 
He jerked away like I’d blown a foghorn in his face. He grabbed my hand, obviously finished trying to communicate with me, and pulled me up to the second floor.
A dozen sheer black tents descended from the ceiling, each flowing gracefully over some kind of bed-couch thing. The lights dimmed and surprisingly, the music wasn’t as loud. Only, now there was an annoying ring in my ears. I cringed and quickly turned away, afraid of encountering something eye-gouging. 
 Aiden looked through the glass wall, staring intently at the crowd below. His warm skin, still wrapped around my fingers, heated my whole body. 
Hating to admit it, even to myself, I liked the feeling. I considered asking something situation-related to distract my thoughts and feelings. Something like, could he could pull voices through a window. “At least there’re no naked people dancing on poles.” 
His mouth twitched. 
Again, I waited for a smile. 
He bit his lip, visibly fighting it back, and nodded. “There are a few Kembers here…I’ve seen two members of the Guard already.” His fingers, loosely intertwined in mine, released.
He placed his hands on the rail. A funny tingling filled my stomach. “Members of the Guard? Why—”
An icy liquid cut through the back of my shirt. I gasped and spun around. Damn drunks. 
A sneer spread across some blond dude’s face. Behind him a group of girls and guys snickered. 
“Oops. Sorry. Must’ve tripped.” He glanced down at his empty cup and started walking again. “Didn’t mean to provoke the mentally unstable.”
One of the girls behind him giggled. “I still can’t believe she attacked that Drea.” 
“I know, right?” Someone else chided. “The Authority must not be too bright if they can’t figure out who killed Delmari. Haven’t they met her?” 
Everything stopped. The drumming in my ears took the place of music and laughter. 
My fists coiled, ready to beat every one of them to a bloody pulp. Ian’s threats about my anger left my mind—he could go to hell. No matter what anyone said, that last accusation hurt more than a boulder crushing me to oblivion. 
I tried to jump forward, but Aiden caught me around the waist. “They’re trying to get to you. You know it’s not true.” 
The second I fought against him, he released me. I staggered away, refusing to meet his gaze. A sharp pain squeezed my chest, and it took everything I had not to tear after that son of a bitch. Unable to stop it, moisture built in my eyes. By the accusing tone, I had a feeling he wasn’t the first to say such a horrible thing. 
“Taylee…” Aiden watched me carefully.
Restrooms. The neon sign blurred, but came in clear enough for me to recognize, at the back of the club. I headed there. The tears in my eyes burned to break free; one blink and they’d fall. A sick feeling tightened and twisted my stomach. I hadn’t been the one to kill Delmari, but I hadn’t stopped it, either. I ran. Like a coward, I saved myself.
Aiden grabbed my wrist before I entered the bathroom. He didn’t say anything. I was sure he could feel all he wanted to know. 
Seconds later a lady emerged. He waited another moment, probably making sure no one else was waiting to steal me, and then released my arm. “I’ll be right here.” 
The music and laughter diminished as the door closed behind me. The walls must’ve been soundproofed or something. Only the sporadic hum of bass indicated the party going on downstairs. I walked to the sink and stared in the mirror just in time for a single tear to fall from my eye, followed by another and another. Quickly wiping them, I sank to the floor and leaned my head against the wall. The lights above buzzed like a thousand pissed off bees and flickered every few minutes. My body shook from anger and grief, but I didn’t give in to the sob in my chest. 
After minutes of fighting the pain, control found me again. I twisted the cold water nozzle and patted water on my cheeks. Milky foundation covered the dark circles beneath my eyes. Mascara and eyeliner made them stand out and improved the whole ensemble. That on its own should’ve brought a little sparkle into my eyes. It didn’t. Even with all the makeup, they never brightened.
A gust of air rushed by, tossing my hair. I stopped and looked behind me through the mirror, half expecting to see a window blown open. 
There were no windows.
A chill crawled up my spine, making the hair on my arms stand on end. Slowly, I reached forward and turned the water off. I couldn’t help but shake off the paranormal vibe. Ridiculous. Ghosts hadn’t been a part of my vocabulary since I was, like, five. 
Stepping away from the sink, I tilted my head and looked toward the stalls. No one. The bathroom was still empty. I took a deep breath, trying to slow my heart rate.  What the heck’s wrong with me? My imagination’s acting like it’s on drugs or something. 
Rubbing the goose bumps on my arms, my flip-flops clicked obnoxiously as I quickly moved to the door. 
I reached out for the handle. My fingers barely brushed the metal when a force yanked me backward, off my feet. I opened my mouth to scream but silently gagged as it caught in my throat. The lights flickered once more before submersing the room in darkness. 



Chapter 13
The black veil stretched like thick fog throughout the bathroom. My heart pounding in my ears, along with my frantic breathing, furthered my struggle to hear anyone approaching. Dangling midair, like bait, I flailed my arms, feeling nothing but open space. 
Taylee. 
A low, dead voice echoed in my head. I winced and squeezed my eyes closed. Concentrating every ounce of energy I had, I opened my senses and mentally reached out. A warm sensation tingled through my body as I felt another’s mind. 
 A splitting pain shot through my head, making me grab it with both hands. A scream bubbled in my chest, but no sound escaped. 
Someone stood close. Very close. 
Don’t try it. The voice echoed in my thoughts. We’ve been through this before. You can’t invade my mind.
Breathing deeply through my nose, I reluctantly released my head and looked up. 
A pair of ocher eyes glowed a few feet from where I floated. 
 Him. Sparks of heat rushed through my body. I thrashed, kicking my legs and throwing my arms, trying to hurl myself forward to grab him. I’d strangle him!
Slowly, after every one of my muscles became tired and heavy, my adrenaline plummeted. I was stuck to this spot. I couldn’t make the slightest sound. Even my ragged breathing quieted. Here I hovered, helpless and right where he wanted me. I still only cared about one thing. You sick son of a bitch!
Two flames appeared, illuminating the Kember’s palms. He flattened his hands and the infernos formed into balls. Slowly, they levitated toward the ceiling, casting a dim light over the entire room.
You killed him! 
Now visible, his lips lifted into a small smirk. I half expected the Kember to be this brawny guy with a red and black face and spikes for hair. Now I felt stupid. He stood tall and slender with light brown hair and, of course, those yellowy eyes. Scary enough, he kind of seemed like your everyday nice guy. Except for the fact I was floating and fire practically exploded from his hands. 
He stepped forward. Blood rushed to my ears and I bit into my lip to keep it from quivering. His finger trailed my jaw, sending ice cold chills through my body. I trembled.
The Kember’s rough hand cupped my chin. His gaze smoldered like the sun: A frozen, dead, life-sucking sun. I stared down so as to not look him in the eyes—the eyes of a killer. 
You feel it, don’t you?  he asked.
Let me down and I’ll give you something to feel. I gritted my teeth, ignoring his question. Why’d you do it?
His lips slid into an eerie smile. Perhaps you need a bit more time, hmm? Even I can feel it burning deep within you. It’s just waiting to surface. 
I ignored his comment. I could only think of Delmari. You killed him. You bastard. I wanted to hit him—no—I wanted to kill him. I wanted him to suffer like I suffered. Feel the horrible pain I felt every moment for the past few weeks.
Feels good, doesn’t it? To hate someone to such a degree, you’d actually wish your worst on them? He tsked, shaking his head. What would Delmari have to say about that? 
You—
Asshole, I know. He waved it off. By all means, yell at me. Call me every name your clever mind can think of. You’ll soon learn I’m not the bad guy.
Do you tell yourself that so you feel better? My eyes burned as I fought back tears. If you wanted me, you should’ve taken me and left him alone. 
I’m not so foolish to think he’d let you go without a fight. Besides, who said this is about you? Seeing as you’re still alive—
Oh heck, the girl. I see your glitch. You’re a psycho pedophile who stalks little girls in your spare time. What do you want with that girl in the forest? I know. I saw your buddies chasing her.
He studied me with knowing eyes, in a way that made my hair stand on end and my mouth turn dry. He stepped away, stroked his chin and paced the floor. Finally, he turned back toward me. I’m not here to answer your questions. 
Seething, I snapped my head around the bathroom, looking for anything to help me get free. I should’ve known it was useless. You’re this pathetic? You have to keep a weak Drea immobile while you kill her? If you’re gonna do it, do it. I extended my arms, glaring directly at him. I’m not afraid. 
He stepped toward me and slowly I descended. 
Body tensed, I readied myself for when my feet hit the floor. Only, they never did. I hovered centimeters off the ground. If that wasn’t frustrating, I didn’t know what was. 
“Everything okay?” Aiden’s voice came from outside the door.
Just hangin’ out, I wanted to shout back. What happened to bustin’ in guns and glory, no questions asked? This wasn’t the time for him to be chivalrous about space. Couldn’t he hear the two heartbeats or that I wasn’t the only one breathing? With all the noise out there, probably not. Most likely, he was only listening for footsteps or a struggle. I groaned.
The Kember reached out, placing two long white fingers on my throat .When he spoke, my voice came from his mouth. “Yes, I’ll be out in a moment.” 
Aiden didn’t respond. What was he doing? Exchanging workout tips with the Guard members? 
Standing mere inches away, the Kember ran his other hand through my hair and stared at me in a longing sort of way. Almost like he was memorizing my face and taking me all in. 
I held my breath, wishing I could take a step back from this creepy bastard. W-why did you do it—kill him? 
The Kember’s jaw clenched. His face paled as the ocher in his eyes burned brighter. Understand this:  Delmari did his job. After a while, he got in the way.
He didn’t do anything to you.
He raised an eyebrow. A sneer spread across his face as he stepped back and folded his arms. Yes, Delmari Aiken was a great man. He took in a stranger’s newborn child out of the goodness of his heart. He obeyed and lived his life by the oath he swore. 
I didn’t like the sarcastic tone he used. I took a deep breath, an ache in my chest. Whoever this guy was, he wanted to confuse me. 
Oh, my innocent little Taylee. I would’ve never kept you in the dark. In three long strides he reached the sink and leaned against it. Tell me, if Delmari was such a good man, why didn’t he ever tell you who your father was? Why didn’t he speak of your mother, or let you see a picture of her? If he loved you—if he told you everything—like you’re convinced he did, why didn’t he mention Aiden? Every word out of his mouth was a lie—
Shut up! I balled my fists, my nails biting into my palms. You don’t know what the hell you’re talking about.
I know everything about you. His eyes locked intently with mine. What you’re capable of. He shook his head as if in wonder. There are so many things I could teach and give you.
Is that why you want the girl? So she can join your stupid cult? I tried to hide the trembling in my voice. Will you tell her that, too, before you kill her?
He smiled, tightly, almost threateningly. You look like her, you know.
Who? That girl?
Your mother. I didn’t miss the subject change. Only you act nothing like her. She was kind and loving—
You didn’t know her, I growled.
He pursed his lips. I guess you’ll never know. He stepped back toward me, and I stiffened. 
Placing both hands on my shoulders, he closed his eyes. A small, chilling sneer formed on his lips. 
My bare skin stung from the warmth of his palms. A pins and needles sensation shot through my body. Coldness spread like fire to my arms, fingers then torso. Instantly, he released me, eyes bright, but the numbing chill continued to travel until it consumed me. 
My eyes stung; my lips were frozen. 
Shouldn’t be long now.
Who are you? My voice shook.
The door crashed open, and everything happened at once. I flew into Aiden, who staggered back against the wall. The fire extinguished, the man disappeared and the lights flickered on.
I buried my face in Aiden’s collar, trying to regain the wind that’d been knocked out of me. My arms slung around his neck and my knuckles ached from the death grip they held on his shirt. 
Breathing hard, Aiden pulled me back, but still kept my legs secured around his midsection. With two long, careful fingers, he tilted my chin up and assessed me. “Are you all right?” 
I’d been paralyzed and practically felt up by some murdering psycho. I shook my head and rested back on his shoulder, my entire body shaking. “Golden.”
Aiden leaned his back against the wall. His heart, in rhythm with mine, hammered against my chest.
Inhaling deeply, the soothing scents of laundry detergent and cologne wafting through my nose, I attempted to slow my breathing. I closed my eyes and gradually relaxed my clenching fingers. Everything was okay. 
 “Was that him?” he whispered. It felt like his mouth was in my hair.
“You saw him? H-he—”
“Shh. Not here.” Guardedly, Aiden rubbed my back. The other arm that’d been securing me to him earlier had dropped and lightly pushed against my hip, signaling me to get down. “We should…leave.”
Jerking back, I realized not only that my legs were around his waist in the women’s bathroom, but I was clinging to him. Even worse—no, totally and completely disturbing—there was some kind of unhealthy, messed up part of me that actually felt warm and safe and…Oh man!
 I released him and jumped down faster than humanly possible. My head swam, as I straightened my shirt and pushed my hair from my face. 
He cleared his throat and scratched the stubble on his chin.
 “I, um…Skyler he likes—he doesn’t…I forgot you weren’t…” I stopped before I made a bigger fool of myself and left the bathroom, like a bat escaping hell.
Or entering hell. I stopped abruptly outside the door, sucking in a jagged breath. Staggering back, I bumped into Aiden. 
Two men:  glowing blue eyes with black energy veins surrounding them. Rygons.
Each had an arm slung around a girl. Normal, human girls. Both Rygons, as though I yelled, “Hey over here,” turned and met my gaze. In sync, they pulled their arms away from their energy suppliers and straightened their stance against the railing. They acted like they just set eyes on the most beautiful girl they’d ever seen.
Or a walking energy bong.
Aiden pushed me forward, but I pressed back against him, whispering, “Um, excuse me, Captain, there are Rygons blocking our exit.”
“They’ve been here all night.” He spoke in my ear.
“B-but—”
“Trust me.” He pushed me forward again. “Walk.”
I hesitated a moment but decided I’d better find out now if he’d offer me to Rygons.
Both monsters eyed me up and down as I walked past the black tents and toward the stairs they blocked. The drunk girls looked pale and slightly sick. As they should. Rygon or not, no amount of alcohol or drugs could make me loopy enough to lay a hand on one of them. 
The Rygons’ eerie eyes seemed to brighten the closer I got. 
Aiden stiffened beside me. Silently, I hoped his fighting technique was as good as his tolerance. Hands shaking, heart jumping, I took another step forward, partially hiding behind him. 
Aiden seemed to stand even taller, as he confronted the bald Rygon blocking the stairs. “Move.” He didn’t threaten to rip off the Rygon’s head, but the message came across loud and clear in his tone. 
The Rygon, black energy veins covering his entire face, dipped his head down. A devious smile played across his lips as he stepped to the left. “Yes, sir.”
The other Rygon, off to the side, measured Aiden. His tattoo-like marks barely extended toward his ears. He wasn’t near as strong as his crony, but the two-against-one odds must’ve brought on his cocky grin. 
Aiden reached back and pulled me in front of him. I descended the stairs, legs shaking. I concentrated on one step at a time, struggling to keep my eyes forward. Aiden would know if they came after us…right? 
 Again, music blared, blocking out everything else. The sea of people seemed oblivious to the threat around them. I pitied them and envied them all at the same time. 
I walked as fast as I could through the crowd, hoping Aiden still followed. Adrenaline pumped through me with every breath. I fought my legs to keep them from sprinting and knocking over everyone in my path. My gaze swept the dance floor, like a paranoid freak, but I was too short to see over the majority of people.
Finally, through a break in the crowd, the club exit came into view.	
Shoving through the doors, practically gasping, someone called, “Watch it!”
Cold, salty air whipped around me. Rounding the corner of the building, I leaned against it, my chest rising and falling almost as fast as my heart rate. Passersby gave me dirty looks and purposely stepped off the sidewalk, keeping their distance. 
“If you can, we need to keep going.” Aiden’s gaze flitted around the throng of people; his body pivoted to block me from anyone who might pose a threat. 
I nodded, peering off in the distance toward our truck. Pitch black. “Can you see in the dark?”
“Yes, but so can Rygons.” 
 “Comforting.” I pushed off the bricks and crossed the street. “They’re following us, aren’t they?”
“I’m not sure.” His fingers brushed mine as we walked. 
My mind raced back to earlier, remembering how warm his skin was. Those were some gentle, strong hands. 
I shook my head and swore under my breath. 
The crowd thinned as we reached the last of the streaming lights. The farther we got, the more the lights dimmed and the music faded. Damn Aiden for parking so far.
Beside me, he tensed, peering into the night ahead. The glint in his eyes made him look aware, maybe even slightly dangerous. Rygons were a force not even the badasses messed with unless they had to. He nodded his head toward the shadows and quickened his pace to a jog. “Can you…?”
I sprinted. Hell, if we were going to pick up the pace, we might as well run.


Chapter 14
Standing beside the motel-room window, Aiden gingerly pulled at a corner of the seashell-decorated curtain and peeked outside. 
No Rygons followed us. Or so it appeared. My body relaxed a bit, thinking the Guard members Aiden saw at the club might’ve stopped them. Could’ve been Aiden, as well. Maybe he intimidated them. I grabbed my bag off the desk and headed toward the bathroom. 
“Taylee, wait…”
I bit the inside of my cheek, stopped and reluctantly turned. Aiden didn’t forget about the restroom incident like I hoped. His serious, deep eyes were evident of that.
He stepped away from the window. With two fingers, he motioned me toward him and settled in the blue chair across from the bed. 
I fiddled with the zipper on my bag. “Look, I really…” Don’t want to talk about it. It’s not like I found out anything. No, the Kember held me against my will and said cryptic things. Nothing important. I sighed and dropped onto the end of the mattress. Might as well get it over with.
He leaned forward; a chunk of dark hair fell in his eyes. “I shouldn’t have let you go in there alone…I’m sorry.”
I blinked in surprise. “You didn’t know the creepster was in there.”
Aiden ran a hand through the wavy strands on his head and pursed his lips.
 There went my public bathroom privileges. “It’s no big deal.” I spread my arms, trying to make him feel better. “I’m still alive and kickin’.”
His eyes swept me, but it didn’t lighten the gravity of his expression. 
“You said you saw him.” I tried to divert his thoughts. “Do you know him?” Hope rose in my chest. Members of the Guard were defined and recognized by their mad skills. They knew everyone worth knowing.
He exhaled slowly and dropped back in his seat. “I’ve never seen him before tonight.”
My shoulders sank. “I—I tried to ask who he was but…” You barged in. 
“He wouldn’t have told you.”
“Probably not.” I pulled at a string attached to the comforter. “I may’ve found out something.”
Straightening in his chair, Aiden’s gaze never left mine. 
“He has, like, a thousand abilities.” I shook my head, hoping I didn’t look as scared as I felt. “He had me levitating. He communicated with me telepathically and screwed with my vocal cords so I couldn’t talk; I could barely breathe.”
Aiden’s brow furrowed. “Telepathy’s a Drea’s gift. No one—Drea, Kember or Rygon—can have both physical and mental abilities. The mixture’s…”
“Impossible, right? Either there’s something we’re missing or the Devil’s on vacation from hell.” 
“Everything you told Ian:  the fire, the disappearing…it’s all true.” He still seemed unable to wrap his mind around the concept of both abilities.
 “See. I’m not crazy.” 
He nodded, slowly. “I know.” 
Everything we were both taught had been challenged and proved wrong by this discovery. He’d need a moment to process it, I knew that. 
“You’re sure it’s the same guy?” 
“Positive. I even asked about the girl—the one in the forest. He knew who I meant, but he wouldn’t answer.”
He stared across the room. “I’ll call Ian in the morning. See what he knows. This is way beyond my knowledge.” He got up and paced the room a couple times. “Anything else happen?”
I hesitated, not wanting to bring up the man’s words regarding me or my parents—it wasn’t true. So, why waste his time? The weird sensation I got when he touched me had to have been one of his abilities. No big deal, either. “Not really. I only had a few minutes.”
“It seemed a lot longer than that.” He frowned.
Yeah, tell me about it. I unzipped my bag and grabbed my tank top and shorts. “What about you? Hear anything worthwhile?”
He nodded and leaned back against the door. “Sable Gage has quite the reputation in Portland. A few of the Rygons talked about him, but…the way they referred to him. The things they said…he has to be a Rygon.” 
“Well, keep in mind the Kember has a bazillion abilities, too.”
“That’s the thing…They didn’t mention anything about him being a Kember or having any physical gifts. It was all mental abilities and seeking energy.” 
“Guess we’ll wait and see what info Mountain Man dug up, huh?” I tried to smile.
 “I don’t know how much more Herman could tell us.”
“Yeah me either, but hey, people can surprise you.” I stood and walked to the bathroom.
“Taylee.”
I stopped in the doorway and leaned back, smirking. “Captain?”
“Leave the door partially open.” He paused. “Please.”
 “Don’t be paranoid.” I rolled my eyes, wishing I felt as confident as I acted, and closed it, making it shut extra loud.
Once inside, I leaned against the door and covered my face with both hands. . An unsettling feeling danced in my mind, something that wouldn’t let me feel peace. Which seemed stupid. I was safe and Aiden acted as eerie as ever.
Twisting my hair in a loose knot at the back of my neck, I brushed my teeth. Once finished, I untied my halter top strings and let the shirt drop to the floor. One hand reached for the tank top on the counter, while the other adjusted my black strapless bra.
My hand stopped midair as I glanced in the mirror. I blinked. A long, slightly curvy black line ran along the inside of my left hip bone, like I’d gotten carried away with a marker or something. Except, I didn’t sit around sketching in my underwear, despite what guys liked to think. I hadn’t even used a marker on a drawing since I was, like, two.
I unbuttoned my jeans. The straw sized line began right above the thin strap on my underwear and continued up until my hip bone began to arc. I licked my finger and rubbed it. Nothing washed away. 
My heart accelerated, and I wiped harder. Didn’t even smudge. “What the—?” I said under my breath. 
I stared in disbelief for a few moments then put both palms on the countertop and looked down into the sink. My chest heaved. A sick feeling stirred in my body. I squeezed my eyes closed and felt around for a washrag. 
“Everything okay?” Aiden asked from outside the door. 
When my fingers brushed the soft material, I turned the faucet on and submersed the rag in cold water. “Yup.” My voice wavered.
The washrag dripped all over, drenching my pants, as my shaky hands scrubbed the discolored skin vigorously. Come on. Come on. It wasn’t coming off—not even fading. 
The door creaked, and Aiden poked his head cautiously around the corner. His jaw dropped, and he shoved it the rest of the way open, handle hitting the wall. Snatching the blood-tinted washrag from my hand, he tossed it into the sink. 
“What’re you doing?” He stared down at the mangled, bloody skin, cocked his head and dropped to his knees. “Your file didn’t say anything about a tattoo.” 
 Hysteria built in my chest. “H-He did this to me!”
Aiden glanced up, eyes wide. “What? What do you mean?”
“When the Kember touched me, I-I felt all funny—weird. What did he do? Why the hell isn’t it coming off?”
“Calm down.” The uncharacteristic concern in his expression didn’t invite serenity. He grabbed both my arms and helped me sit on the toilet. “Does it,” his intent eyes fell to the strap on my underwear, “go lower?”
My hands shook as I pushed the strap down a little, double checking. 
He looked away.
“No. I—it ends there.”
“It’s nowhere else? Just there?”
“Not that I’ve seen.” 
Aiden stood and leaned over me. His fingers brushed against my back as he swept my hair over my shoulder. 
Goose bumps surfaced on my skin and I swallowed hard, trying to breathe. 
“There’s nothing on your back.” Without meeting my gaze, he walked to the sink and turned on the water. He wrung the washcloth out a few times and handed it to me. “Here, hold this on it. Don’t rub.” Then he walked to the door.
The small kernel of composure I’d felt vanished when he did. “Wh- Where’re you going?”
“To call Ian.”
I jumped up and hurried after him. “Ian? What? Why?”
He grabbed his phone off the nightstand. “To ask him a question.”
“You’re not gonna tell him, are you? About this—me?” I motioned to myself.
He seemed to make a conscious effort to keep his gaze locked on the wall. “I don’t know what that is, Taylee. It could be—”
 Your potential. The man’s words echoed in my mind, sending a surge of panic through me. “Dangerous? You think I’m dangerous?”
“No.” He sounded a little shocked by my blunt question. “It could be dangerous for you. We need help—we need to tell someone.”
“No we don’t. We can figure this out.”
He shook his head and scrolled through his phone. “This is serious. Way beyond us both.”
 “You think I don’t know that?” I yelled. “That doesn’t mean we have to go running to Ian!”
“Nothing bad can come from telling Ian. Worse things can happen if we don’t.”
I threw my hands up. “Are you serious? Ian controls my life. At the snap of his fingers, I’ll be locked up.” I shook my head, voice like ice. “Not that you care, though. You’ll get rid of me, and all your problems are solved.”
Finally, he looked at me. Anger flashed in his narrowed eyes. “I don’t care? I’ve done nothing but try to help you.”
“Help me or help you? For all I know, you brought me down here, hoping to pawn me off to Rygons.” It was an irrational accusation, but they kept coming. “Or maybe, you knew that man was in the bathroom with me, but you were biding your time, hoping he’d take me off your hands.” 
He stepped forward, our bodies inches apart, and stared at me, eyes dark and tone tight with control. “That’s what you think? That’s how you perceive me?” 
I tried to shove him away, but he caught my wrist and held it firmly in his strong grasp. “I can’t trust you—I won’t.” I tried to pull free. “Not if you’re gonna run like a little girl to Ian every time something goes wrong.”
“I haven’t told Ian a negative thing since the funeral.” Aiden spoke through clenched teeth. “The things that happened in the forest, I could handle. I knew nothing bad would come of any of it. I knew you were safe. But something’s going on, and I don’t know how to help you this time.”
Fury rushed through my body. I thrashed against him, voice falling short of a scream. “I don’t need help. I don’t need you.” Aiden grabbed my other wrist like he suspected my urge to punch him. Tears welled, blurring my vision. My anger hit an all-time high—bad for even me. 
A stabbing pain ripped through my hip. Heat, like boiling water, seared my veins, burning me from the inside out.
 Aiden released me and took a huge step back, hands stretched out toward me. “Taylee, calm down. Take a deep breath.” 
I cried out, slapped my hand over the mark and slumped back against the wall. I slid down until my butt hit the floor; the sting radiated through my whole body. Pulling my knees to my chest, I rested my head against my legs and trembled.
He knelt next to me, sounding a little panicked. “What’s wrong?” 
“It—it hurts.” I held my breath. 
“The mark?” 
I nodded. 
He seemed to make a decision quickly. “Sit on the bed. I’ll be back.”
I lifted my head and grabbed his arm. “Aiden…please don’t. Can’t—can’t you give us a few days before you tell him? I mean, it may go away.” Though, I seriously doubted it and given his uneasy expression, he did, too.
“It could get worse.”
“Please.” I half-surprised myself. He couldn’t tell Ian. Ian would lock me away.
Aiden must’ve felt my desperation and fear. He stared at my hand gripping his arm, seeming conflicted. At last, he let out a slow breath and lifted his gaze to mine. “Damn it, Taylee . . .”
The tense feeling left my shoulders, hearing his defeat. I leaned my head back against the wall in relief. “I know. I’m a pain in the—”
“You’re right. You are.” He stood and walked to his bag, leaving me wondering if he was kidding or not. “We’ll see how things go over the next few days. If something else happens, I’m calling.”
I nodded, taking deep breaths, and gradually the sting dissipated as my adrenaline did. Now, however, heat rose to my cheeks. Sure I had some anger problems, but I never remembered feeling so out of control…or screaming like I had…it came on so quick. So violently. Then again, it’d been a very long night. 
When Aiden came back, black kit in hand, I’d managed to climb on the bed. “Here.” He unzipped the case, revealing:  gauze, tape and some sort of ointment. He tossed it next to me. “Do you need help?”
I glanced up. 
His eyes were soft, sincere. His expression let me know my earlier freak out was behind us. Good. 
“I think I’ve got it.” I squeezed a dime-sized amount of cream on my skin, conscious of Aiden watching me. As carefully as I could manage, I dabbed the raw, red skin. I flinched. “Guess I should leave tattoo removal to the professionals.”
“Or get a clue when it’s not coming off.” He knelt in front of me and examined it closely. “It’s bigger.”
Sure enough, the line above my underwear now loosely coiled upward. If I wasn’t totally and completely weirded out by it, I’d say it was kind of cool.
What did it mean? How did the Kember place the mark on my skin? In a creepy way, it reminded me of the energy veins Rygons had on their faces.
I finished putting the bandage over it and looked up. “I…” I stopped breathing.
Aiden still knelt in front of me, but the concern momentarily left his features. His intent eyes brightened as he watched me, studying me in a way he never had before. His gaze wandered over my face…my curves. 
My chest tightened. A warm flush radiated through me. The gawking wasn’t anything new—I just would’ve never expected it from Mr. Stoicism. I stared back, very aware of our situation and my apparel. The sudden urge to push back the hair that, so often, hung in his face itched. I always knew he was good-looking. I did have eyes, but something struck me about him. Maybe it was because he listened. Or maybe the fact he never made me feel as pathetic as everyone else did.
No, no, no! In a hurry, I realized what I’d been thinking and even more, feeling. I cursed myself, not caring about rules. No. There weren’t even regulations about Kember and Drea attractions. It didn’t happen. It was unnatural. Then what the hell was this? 
“Committing me to memory?” I groaned inwardly. Of all the things I could’ve said.
Like I’d kicked him, he blinked and averted his gaze. I could’ve sworn a flush spread over his cheeks, but he stood and strode to his suitcase before I could be sure. “Get some sleep. We’ll talk in the morning.” 
I bit my lip. Sleep. Right.


Chapter 15
I scooted to the middle of the bed and stared at the ceiling. This would be the longest night of my life. Even after the night’s events, I was wide awake. Only now, the distractions were gone, leaving me alone with my thoughts. Exactly what I didn’t want. The barely audible hum of the air conditioner buzzed through the still room. 
Aiden crawled into his bed on the floor, and a few seconds later a soft glow rose from his phone as he tapped on the screen. 
I pulled the blankets to my chin and strained to keep my mind on a leash. A very short leash. Some things the Kember said refused to leave me alone. 
The stuff about Delmari lying almost made me laugh. If I knew one thing, it was he never lied to me. Even though it had been a dead end, Delmari devoted weeks and weeks of time to help me dig up information on my parents. If he hadn’t known them, I doubted that psycho had.
“If Delmari told you everything, like you’re convinced he did, why didn’t he mention Aiden?” Of all the Kember’s in the world who could’ve taken Delmari’s spot, Ian decided to nab my new one from the Guard? I’d never realized, until now, the peculiarity of it. They couldn’t pull a Kember from a hat to replace Aiden. I bit my tongue, hearing those repeated words. I didn’t want to think it, but what if there was the teensiest tiniest possibility the Kember knew something about Aiden? 
“Question.” My voice cracked and I quickly cleared it.
Aiden took a moment to answer. 
Had he fallen asleep? 
“Yes.”
 “Did you know him?” I swallowed hard, and my next words came so quiet I barely heard them. “Delmari, I mean.” 
He sat up, and even though I couldn’t see his features, I knew his eyes were on me. “Yes, of course I did. You didn’t know?”
“Everyone knows of him. I just didn’t know if you actually knew him, knew him.”
 Aiden hesitated. “Well, we’d never officially met until my last week at the academy. He assisted Ian and Favian in giving us our eligibility assessment so we could graduate and take the oath.”
“Oh…I remember that.” Delmari had done lots of random things for Ian and vice versa. I still didn’t recall Delmari mentioning Aiden. Ever. “Not very well though.”
He paused. “Didn’t you know? Didn’t he mention me?”
I rolled to my side to face him. For some stupid reason, my heart accelerated. “I, um… should he have?” 
“I’d think so. He had this all worked out so if something happened to him, Joshua or I would be assigned as your Kember.” 
My eyes widened and suddenly, I couldn’t breathe. It stung, like taking a slap to the face. How did he forget to mention that to me? “He-He probably didn’t get a chance to tell me.”
 “You were eleven.” He cleared his throat.
Wham! Slapped all over again. “What?”
“He asked me at graduation.” Aiden talked like he was trying to trigger the memory in my head. “He knew I’d been offered a position in the Guard and that I’d be available if—” 
“You said yes?” He dropped his Guard title, incredible pay and tons of action to follow me around? No wonder he was so offish the day he picked me up.
“Delmari Aiken, one of the most respected Kembers around, asked me, of all Kembers. It was an honor.” 
I didn’t want to hear any more about Delmari. I couldn’t. Kicking back the comforter, I hopped out of bed. Delmari had been the most stubborn person I knew. He always tried to protect me in more ways than just physically. I knew exactly why he didn’t tell me about Aiden. He didn’t want to ruin my blissful, stress-free life by clouding it with worry. He thought he was only taking precautions. I bit my lip, upset he hadn’t told me. Right now, there were bigger things to worry about. Is that what the Kember had been referring to? Aiden and Delmari’s arrangement? How was it possible for him to know when I didn’t?
No shoes, no coat. I just needed air. 
A brackish breeze wafted around me as I opened the back door and stepped onto the silent beach. The sky, clear of its normal clouds, allowed masses of stars to shine. The full moon’s reflection glowed in the undulating waves, lighting up the entire seashore. 
So, the Kember knew. Big deal. It wasn’t like it was a secret. It definitely didn’t mean he knew anything else. I kicked the sand, and it sifted through the air. The Kember most likely wanted me to ask Aiden, knowing I’d second-guess myself. I wasn’t that gullible. He didn’t know anything about me or my family. Hell, no one knew anything about them. Not the Authority. Not me. No one. Only a few steps away from the tide, I dropped down on the sand. Just like in life, I had no clue where I was going. 
Aiden sat, a lot more graceful than I had, next to me. He extended his long legs out in front of him and leaned back on his hands. Staring straight ahead, he stayed silent. Never questioned me. Never nagged because he was cold or tired. Somehow, he knew I needed to think.
I don’t know how long I vacantly watched the waves crease the moon’s reflection. Maybe an hour. 
“Did he tell you anything about me?” My voice wavered. Hopefully he thought it was from lack of speaking.
Aiden pulled his knees up and rested his forearms on top of them. “Not much. You were young. You didn’t even have your ability yet. I learned everything about you through your file and word of mouth.”
What if my parents were bad people? What if there’s a reason I don’t know who they are? My eyes widened. To my horror, I hadn’t just thought those words but said them. 
 “You don’t know who they are?” 
What the heck was wrong with me? For a moment, I only wished for a shovel. After I buried myself, I wouldn’t have to worry about sounding so whiny and pitiful. “I’m sure you know more than I do. There’s gotta be a section labeled ‘bastard’ in that file somewhere.”
“It said your mother, Aileen Pierce, was a Drea. There was nothing, not even a name, for your father.”
I slid my feet back and forth in the sand, burying them. “Maybe she got around and didn’t know who he was.”
“So you don’t know if he was a Drea or anything?” He sounded a little surprised.
 “Nope, I don’t know anything about him.” I shrugged, trying for nonchalance. “We kinda figured he didn’t have a gift and ran off when he found out my mom did.” Not many Dreas or Kembers mingled with the Norms, but it did happen. I’d heard of them marrying Norms just because they wanted a chance at normal kids. “That Kember, he talked like he knew them…That can’t be good.”
Aiden stayed quiet, like he was contemplating. “I wouldn’t worry.”
 “You’re right.” I laughed under my breath. “It’s not like their bad choices would affect who I am.”
“It doesn’t matter who your parents were.” He spoke confidently, almost defensively. “They don’t define you. Only you decide who you want to be.”
A soft breeze fluttered by. Finally, I looked in his direction and pushed my wild hair behind my ear. “The Kember, he told me he felt something inside of me and…”
Aiden’s eyes narrowed slightly as he measured me for a few moments. Still appearing to be deep in thought, he reached his hand toward my face. 
I froze. My heart accelerated from the mere memory of his touch. 
Goose bumps spread over my body as his fingers lightly brushed my jaw. He rested his palm against my cheek. “I don’t feel anything.” His hand lingered across my skin and I stared at him, staring at me. 
He dropped his hand, as if he realized what he’d done. “If you’re unsure, ask Skyler.” He averted his gaze. “He’s better at determining people’s intent.”
My skin stopped its ridiculous burning. I frowned. Skyler? The paranoid old lady? Hah. “Great idea, Captain. I’ll get right on that.”
“You’ll worry if you don’t.” He obviously caught my sarcasm. “I think it’s a good idea.”
“I’ll think about it.” When I have nothing else to think about. “Like you said, it doesn’t matter anyway. Only I decide who I wanna be.” 
He shook his head. His gaze fell to the bottom of my shirt where the mark was embedded. “I didn’t say it doesn’t matter. Something’s going on. The faster we find out the better.”
We sat there for a few more minutes. I didn’t know if he was right, but it made me hopeful to think that even if I was the spawn of Satan, ultimately, I could choose whether or not to follow the same path. He sounded so wise. Experienced. It made me wonder…“What about you? Your parents set you out to be a profound Hercules?” 
“No.” Aiden’s sudden dark, short tone made my eyes widen. 
I briefly wondered if I’d overstepped my boundary. “Are they still…alive?” 
“They live in Montana. My mother doesn’t have an ability.” He stared straight ahead, his posture rigid.
I tried to hide my astonishment, but my mouth dropped open a second too soon. No need to ask questions. I could figure out the rest. Kembers have flings. Their famous excuse for having sex was to keep the Kember race going. It was a lot like horse breeding. The best, most respected Kembers got together in hopes of creating offspring to follow in their path. 
Then there were the Kembers who “got with” the Norms.
 Those were the Kembers who didn’t take the oath; the ones who didn’t want anything to do with Dreas and Rygons. 
The shamed. 
Awkward. Anything else on that subject and my earlier wish of hiding ten feet under would probably be carried out—by him. Not knowing what else to do, I chewed the bottom of my lip and rose to my feet. “I’m beat.” 
“Yeah, you should get some sleep.” Aiden stood and, without another word, led the way back to the room. 

“This is Aiden Oltman. I need to speak with Authority Alvarez immediately.”
I groaned, opened my heavy eyes and peered at the glowing red numbers on the clock. Six a.m. Slowly, I blinked and squinted against the lamplight shining from the corner of the room. Aiden paced in front of the bed, phone held to his ear. 
“Are you freakin’ serious?” Of course he was. Grasping the blankets, I pulled them up over my head.
“Do you know when he gets back?” Aiden sounded exasperated.
Stringing together a long line of profanities, I lifted my pillow and shoved my head beneath it. 
“When he gets in, tell him to call me.” Aiden exhaled. 
“Not that I care,” my voice was smothered beneath the bedding, “but aren’t there three head honchos?” 
“This isn’t Favian’s or Xander’s area.” 
I couldn’t help but smile. “Guess we’ll have to figure it out by ourselves.” Yawning, I sprawled out my arms and legs. 
“I need to report that the Kember was in the bathroom. That he pursued you.” The bed moved and I felt him sit. “Turn over. Let’s take a look.”
“Right now?” 
“Yes, if you get up now, we can stop for breakfast before we leave.”
I popped my head out and my hair rose with static. “Breakfast? Like pancakes, bacon, hash browns…” 
He raised an eyebrow but nodded.
I rolled onto my back and kicked the blankets off. Shielding my eyes with one hand, I lifted my shirt with the other.
“There’s, um…The bandage is still on.”
“Oh, yeah.” My eyes adjusted to the light and I propped myself up on an elbow. Taking up one side of the taped gauze, I ripped it off. 
Aiden blinked and then leaned over my legs to get a closer look. 
I stared, too. All the raw skin that should’ve taken days to heal healed overnight. There wasn’t any sign of a wound, not even redness: Just smooth, tanned skin overtaken with some scribble mark. 
“Weird.” With the tip of my finger, I traced the black line. Nothing felt off. Well, not that I could tell.
“How does it feel?” He spoke barely above a whisper.
“Normal. Like skin…I think.”
Aiden continued to stare like he was touching it with his eyes. “So, it’s not coarse or…”
 “No. Feel it.” 
Shifting his position on the bed, Aiden cautiously reached out. Pausing, hand midair; he hesitated briefly, like he wasn’t sure how to touch it
As his fingers swept over the tip of the mark, I inhaled and looked at the wall. His movement stopped, but he didn’t pull his hand away. Instead, he slowly proceeded to trace the entire tattoo. My body tingled and something told me it wasn’t a side effect of the mark. I tightened my grip on my shirt, giving myself a mental reminder:  Kember. Drea. Kember. Drea... 
After repeating those words probably close to a hundred times, Aiden removed his hand and placed it on his leg. “It doesn’t feel any different than mine. Then again, normal tattoos don’t change or cause pain.” 
I sighed. “Or randomly appear.” I dropped my gaze to his side. “What’s your tattoo, anyway? Some kind of Chinese writing?”
He glanced down at himself and shook his head. “Arabic.” 
“Arabic? Why?”
“My first assignment with the Guard was in Saudi Arabia.” He pulled his shirt up, revealing the black dots and curvy lines. “The Authority requires all members to have a tattoo of their ability.” 
“It’s way cool.” And incredibly hot.
He released his shirt, and it slid down, covering his torso. “Listen. Let’s head home, research the mark and see what we can find. In a few days, if it’s not gone…we should call Ian.” 
I sat up. “No, you said—”
He reached out in a calming gesture. “Before you get upset, let’s see what we find. I just don’t want anything bad to happen.” 
I chuckled darkly. “Yeah, knowing my luck, it’s gonna slowly suck away my life or something.” 
He stared at me, straight-faced, and I knew I’d said the wrong thing—as usual. I could almost see the wheels turning behind his heart-stopping green eyes as he considered that theory.
 “I—I was kidding. You know, like a joke.” Oops. I dropped my gaze and cleared my throat. “So, what now? Can we keep looking for things on that Sable Gage guy?”
 He sighed, seeming reluctant about changing the subject so soon. “I don’t think so. The last thing we need is for him to think we’re curious about him. By the sound of it, he has multiple Rygons waiting for a command.”
“So that’s it, huh? We came down here so I could get harassed and branded?”
“No.” He raked his hand through his hair. “We came down here to be in a huge crowd and find out if this Sable Gage was the man we were searching for. That didn’t mean we were going to snoop or overstep our boundary. We’re on his territory; we don’t want to raise suspicions.” 
I slapped my hands down in my lap, narrowing my eyes. “So we go home and sit?”
“No.” He stood and walked toward his bag. “We go home and search for the girl. She’s the only one, aside from you, that we know has seen the Kember—or will see him. Maybe she knows something about your mark.”
“We looked everywhere. We couldn’t find her.”
	A glint of what seemed like determination shone through his eyes. “We’ll find her.” 
His cell started to ring and he clutched it harder in his hand.
“That was fast.” 
“It’s not Ian.” Aiden took a deep breath and lifted the phone to his ear. “Hey, Joshua.”
I pointed to the bathroom and whispered, “I’m gonna shower.”
 Nodding, he leaned against the desk. “Good. Everything’s great here.” He pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes. “We’re getting ready to head out.” 
He hated to lie. I could tell. But…he did. Just as he promised. I bit my lip, feeling things I hadn’t felt in a long time. Trust. Gratitude. Climbing off the bed, I bent and grabbed my bag from the floor. 
“Rygons?” he sounded bewildered.
I straightened my stance and glanced back at him. The suitcase fell from my hand as he pushed away from the desk, wide-eyed, jaw clenched. 


Chapter 16
Aiden paced the room. “Four? What—”
I scrambled to stand in front of him and tripped over my suitcase in the process. Jumping forward, I yelled, “What happened?” 
He held his hand up and turned away. 
Running in front of him again, he must have seen my concerned expression. “Skyler’s fine?”
Oh hell. A sick feeling squeezed my stomach. I held my breath and waited. 
He nodded, and I collapsed back onto the bed, relieved. 
“We ran into two last night, but they didn’t give us any problems.” 
Sitting with my legs crossed, hands in my lap, Aiden strode around the room. His free hand swept through his hair every few minutes as he talked. Finally, he lowered the phone and dropped into the chair. He seemed to forget my presence. 
I snatched a pillow from behind me and chucked it at his head. He caught it, before it connected, and looked up. 
“Hey, you gonna fill me in on what happened or sit there and meditate?” 
“Oh…um.” He cleared his throat and straightened. “Joshua and Skyler were attacked by Rygons. Four very strong ones. ”
 “Skyler said they weren’t going out.”
“They came to the house.”
I jumped from the bed. “What? Like— like—”
“The Whitmores? Yes. Only Joshua was able to hold the Rygons off. Two other Drea homes were hit earlier near Portland, and they weren’t so lucky. Kembers dead, Dreas missing…Something’s going on.”
I swallowed hard. If anything happened to Skyler and Joshua…I didn’t even want to consider it. “Think they’re the same Rygons?”
“I’m not sure, but it seems likely. All the attacks have occurred the same way.” He paused, staring into space. “It’s rare for Rygons to ambush homes. Usually they stalk Dreas and pick them off the street.”
 “Maybe Kembers are making it too tough on Rygons, and they’re getting desperate.” I shrugged. “They could have a new game plan.”
Aiden seemed to consider it. “Maybe…” He stood and shrugged. “Either way, the Authority will deal with it. It’s not my place anymore.”
“Couldn’t have said it better myself. So…we still on for breakfast?”
Still appearing distracted, he nodded. 

*****

Breakfast was quiet. The ride back home wasn’t much better. Occasionally, I asked a question and got a simple, one syllable answer. I took the hint. Aiden kept his word, so I finished reading To Kill a Mockingbird in record time, convinced I could write a snooze-worthy paper about it. Three long hours later we arrived home and did exactly what I was afraid of:  sat.
For two days, Aiden searched for the mark in all kinds of languages. What he really wanted was Ian to take a look. Um, no thanks. In that case, I’d down a bottle of vodka and take tattoo removal into my own hands.
Sure the mark freaked me out, but I still couldn’t quite decide if I wanted to know what it meant. Possibly, Ian knew. I just didn’t know if I wanted to be informed about my impending doom. If the mark was slowly sucking the life out of me, or if the Kember placed it there to lure me in front of a semi going full speed, fine. I’d face it head on. Nothing like being thrown into the water to learn how to swim.
Chewing the bottom of my lip, I continued brushing my pencil across my sketchbook. I stopped on a dime, realizing I’d subconsciously drawn the mark. I snapped out of my zone further. Aiden knocked on my door. Lying on my stomach, I shoved the sketchbook under my pillow and pulled my Algebra book and notebook back in front of me.
“I know. I know. I’m studying.” 
Aiden stepped into my room holding a cardboard box big enough to fit all four of my school books in. 
“You know, I was thinking bonfire, but I like this idea better.” I closed the book and held it out to him. 
“Nice try.” Sitting on the end of the bed, he reached in the box and pulled out an iPhone. “Here I programmed in my number, Joshua’s and Skyler’s.” He held it out to me. “Call Skyler soon so he’ll stop calling me.”
I sat up and scooted to the edge of the bed. Giddiness took over common sense as I snatched it. “It’s mine?” I turned it around in my hands, noting Aiden had the same one, only black, and admired the sleek design. Music and connection to the outside world, all in one. “You’re a saint!”
He blinked. “Uh…I have music on my laptop you can download onto it, if you want.”
I tried to arch an eyebrow like he did to me sometimes. “Country?”
He bit back a smile. “None.”
“Sweet!” After everything, this brought a bit of light in. “Um…” I glanced around the room unsure how to say the next part. “T-Thanks.”
He dropped his gaze and nodded. The corner of his lip lifted into a small, crooked grin.
Bam! I stared stunned. A smile. An actual smile. Okay, more like a half one, but still, enough of one to send his “good looks” status off the charts and into the “words couldn’t even skim the surface” category. I briefly wondered if I’d ever get to see his full grin.
He stiffened. “Did you hear that?”
I cocked my head and listened. “Hear—”
“Shh.”
“You just—”
“Shh.” Aiden held his hand out in a “shut up” gesture. His eyes locked with mine, but his attention appeared far away. I jumped when he sprang from my bed. He bolted out of the room. 
Before I could comprehend anything other than “damn,” he rushed back through the doorway. “Get your shoes.”
Damn was right. My adrenaline kicked into high gear. I leapt from the bed. My mind jumbled, unable to comprehend what I needed to do. “Wh—”
Aiden grabbed my DC’s from beside my dresser and dropped them at my feet. “Now.” 
Wind ruffled the curtains when he threw open the window. I stared blankly, anxiety creeping up on me when I heard Delmari’s words in my mind. Run. The brief picture of him grappling with the Kember rolled through my mind. 
“Taylee!” Aiden had already hopped out and was beckoning me. I snapped out of my zone, adrenaline spiked, and slipped into my shoes. I didn’t know what was going on, but by now, I knew not to question. Shoving my phone in my pocket, I grabbed his outstretched hand and jumped into the night. 
My feet hit the ground and we sprinted toward the towering pine trees, twenty-five yards away. I’d always been active. The running I could handle. Darkness, on the other hand, proved a challenge. When we passed the tree line, the little light the moon cast got completely swallowed in the thick coverage of branches and foliage. Why we were headed into the forest and not for the truck, I didn’t know. I only knew a threat was coming. Weaving around boulders and logs, underbrush tangled my feet. I tripped and stumbled on the uneven ground, even slipped on leaves like the most ungainly idiot while I struggled to keep up with Aiden. The snapping of branches echoed and carried over the sounds of the howling wind. Mercifully, he tightened his hold on my hand and kept me from face planting. 
My eyes watered, but I ignored the branches scraping against my cheeks and tugging at my hair. We’d run for so long my throat turned dry and my lungs felt ready to burst. I couldn’t take it anymore. Not all of us possessed his forbearance. “What’re we running from?”
He didn’t answer; he only pushed forward harder. 
Finally, a dim light peeked through an opening in the distance. A meadow. Aiden stopped abruptly before we got there. I slammed into him. Grabbing my other arm, he pushed me back against something that felt suspiciously like bark. He stepped close to me. Very, very close. Every part of our bodies touched. 
And I thought his hands were warm…Heat flowed from him, cocooning me. I couldn’t see him too well, but the darkness heightened all my other senses. And wow, he smelled good. Did his gift make him this aware all the time? Even of me? His arm brushed my cheek as he reached past my head and rested his palm on the tree trunk centimeters from my head. His other hand was still wrapped securely around mine. 
“W-What’s going on?” Talking. Breathing. It all became difficult. Not just because my mouth was crushed against his chest, either. I took some breaths, trying to focus on the life-threatening situation. 
 “They’re here.” 
“Who?” The Rygons who attacked Skyler? The ones who followed Sable Gage? I didn’t know which was worse. I took a deep breath. This wasn’t the time to be a wuss. No, my cruel mind had other ideas. It raced back two months, to a forest similar to this one. Delmari’s thrashing body, the shock of pain showing through his blue eyes. The desperation…Oh man… 
Aiden’s whispering jolted me back to the present. “Rygons.” 
 “W-Why didn’t we take the truck?”
“There’s only one road out of here. If they recognized my truck, we have no idea the abilities or weapons they possess.” His lips touched my hair as he spoke. “I don’t want to bite off more than I can chew—not with you here.”
I swallowed. “Do—Do you think the Kember is with them?” 
“There were multiple voices. At least five. I’m not sure what’s going on.”
A cold, biting wind blew through the forest, rustling the leaves at our feet and tossing my hair in both our faces. Freeing my hand from Aiden’s, I pulled the strands away from my mouth and gathered my hair into a loose knot at the back of my neck. 
He snatched my hands and placed them on his firm chest. Drawing himself in even closer, he pressed me tighter against the trunk. “Don’t move.”
“I. Don’t. Think. I. Can.” In that moment, I realized something. He wasn’t trying to keep me warm. He wasn’t holding me close just to feel me. No. He was trying to cover my energy. Placing me between him and the tree—both minimal energy sources—would make it harder for Rygons to sense me. 
“Are they coming?”
“Yes. They still feel your energy, but out here, we have an advantage. They’re coming to us.”
My heart dropped and my voice cracked. “They’ll set the whole forest on fire looking for me.”
“They won’t. You know they don’t possess Kember abilities.”
“Ever heard of matches? For all we know, the Kember is with them.”
“I’ll handle it, either way.”
Voices echoed through the woods. I closed my eyes, relying on my average ears to alert me the moment the shit hit the fan. My breathing rushed out sharp and panicked. I tried to slow it by taking deep breaths. No use. I’d had too many bad memories in the woods. It was all I could do to not bury my face in his chest and hide. 
 “It’s okay.” Aiden’s fingertips lightly touched my arm. Carefully, tentatively, they half-tapped, half-rubbed against my skin. 
Possibly he was lying. Maybe he knew we didn’t have a chance. Five Rygons weren’t going to die easily. Whatever thoughts stirred in his mind, only the confident ones came through to me. He stood calm, composed and…a little stiff. I found myself relaxing into him, getting lost in the feel of his fingers swirling circles into my skin. I began to tip away from “shit, we’re going to die” and drift toward “feeling safe,” regardless of our situation. 
In a single breath, the security disappeared. Aiden stepped back from me. “Stay here.”
My jaw dropped open to protest, but the words stuck in my throat. 
The tiniest bit of light leaked through the treetops and cast over Aiden’s intense face. The dangerous, determined glint in his eyes returned as it had the night on Portland. His protector instincts kicked in. It was sick to find him so attractive right then, but I did. 
He crouched and disappeared. 
Oh hell. I inhaled and stood unmoving against the trunk, exactly like he told me. As if this wasn’t creepy enough. 
Branches cracked nearby. My heart stopped beating. 
Grunts and rustling bushes nearly made me sink to the ground. Pop. Slice. I winced. Fear welled in my chest threatening to burst. Intake of breath. Silence…
 “Well, well.” A male voice sneered. Definitely not Aiden’s low voice. 
I snapped my head to the side. A silhouette with glowing blue eyes emerged from the lighted area. Immediately, I moved away from the tree, stumbling over a rock. 
Okay, shit just hit the fan.


Chapter 17
I caught myself before falling and peered through the tangle of hair in my eyes. A Rygon. Shit. I’d never been in a faceoff with one. Hadn’t planned on it, either. They were monsters and killers and…I stifled back a scream. My feet begged to move. How far would running get me? To the meadow? Maybe. Not a risk I could take. I wasn’t completely helpless, and no way would I stand here and let him suck my life and ability away.
Cocking his head to the side, the Rygon strode toward me.
Aiden burst through the trees on the right, a Rygon on his heels. Gun drawn, Aiden fired several shots at my pursuer. The Rygon ducked, easily evading what would’ve been perfect shots to the head. 
Spinning around, Aiden kicked the Rygon following him. The Rygon staggered back. Aiden leapt forward, shoved me back against the tree and took a protective stance in front of me. I peeked around him. Both Rygons crouched, eyes set on their target. Me. 
They lunged. Aiden met their attacks, blocking, punching and slicing faster than my eyes could take in. Skyler told me, weeks before “Aiden’s freakin’ amazing.” I knew, now, what he meant. In fact, I’d be willing to argue for a more suitable word, but I didn’t know one that would capture what I saw. His agility, pace—every strike blew my mind. It seemed choreographed. Neither Rygon could get around him.
I couldn’t tear my gaze from the mesmerizing battle: A lot like a tornado whirling toward you. Common sense screamed for you to run or take cover, but something about the swirling vortex of doom captivated you and kept you immobile.
Unlike a tornado, Rygons weren’t an unstoppable force of nature. Aiden looked like he could fight ten more at this rate, but I knew they needed to be defeated quickly and efficiently. Whether they touched you or not, they could still gradually weaken you by pulling your energy. 
I closed my eyes and focused, pushing my mind toward the Rygon on the left. My breath caught. I flinched, feeling the strange gooey texture of his mind. Something close to what tar would feel like. The abnormality almost made me draw back. Almost. A chill shot up my spine. A shrill coldness wafted throughout my body as I pushed deeper. I worked my way through the muck then beyond his paper thin wall of resistance. Moving it aside, I grabbed hold of his mind and took control of his better senses. The power burned within me. Satisfaction. Relief. 
He stopped in his tracks and stared at me, glassy-eyed. Aiden hit him and sent him flying into a nearby tree.
I took a step toward the Rygon. Aiden, still in full-blown fighting mode, managed to force me back against the tree. “Stay back!” 
Balling my fists, I continued to keep eye contact with the Rygon. The longer I stared, the more dominant the yearning in my body became. My leg bounced. Fire swelled in my chest—a heat I didn’t understand. The need—no—the want to hurt him, took over everything else. 
Faster than I believed possible, I bolted past Aiden. No hesitating. No second thoughts. I jumped on the Rygon and swung my fists as hard as I could. There was a sickening crunch beneath my fist and blood gushed from his nose. Under my skin, a faint burning sensation built on my hip.
“Taylee!” Aiden grabbed me by the waist and jerked me off the Rygon. “Stop. Stay out of this.” 
Heart hammering, breathing rutted, my eyes settled on the knife in the Rygon’s hand. The knife he would’ve, no doubt, used on us. Stab yourself. 
He raised the knife to his chest.
“Let him go.” Aiden shook me. “You’re gonna drain all your energy. I’ll deal with this.”
I wanted to. I needed to. For Delmari. For the girl. For myself. Somewhere buried in my mind, I knew I should listen and let him go. 
“Come on,” Aiden said carefully. “I’ll handle it.”
 Blood trickled from the Rygon’s chest. It thrilled me—made me feel powerful and not like the weak little Drea I was forced to be. He couldn’t harm me. I was in control. I could hurt him as much as I needed to. 
As if to break my concentration, Aiden stepped in front of me. He cupped my face in one hand, staring directly at me. “Let him go.”
 I squeezed my eyes tightly and waged my inner battle. The blazing pressure on my hip intensified with every passing second. Drop the knife or kill him? Drop the knife or kill him? 
 Taking more restraint than I knew I had, I ordered, Drop the knife.
When the Rygon did, Aiden turned, still blocking my field of vision and finished what I’d started.
The thick goop of the Rygon’s mind released me, and I fell to my knees, gasping. My head throbbed from concentration. My body swayed from all the energy I used. I fought to breathe, determined to outlive the growing fatigue. Everything blurred and I felt the sting in my mind before I passed into darkness. 	 

*****

I couldn’t quite decide if I was awake or dreaming. The memory of Rygons attacking danced in the back of my mind. But, for whatever reason, I walked through a cluster of trees. If you could call it walking. Something pulled me, like an invisible cord attached to my midsection. My feet moved, but I wasn’t moving them. I had no control over my body. 
The sun hung low, creating an orange haze in the sky. I made my way toward a little serene river, its banks covered in pink and purple wildflowers. Leafy trees and plants lined the narrow dirt trail I walked, like some kind of red carpet entrance. 
Guess that answered my question: dream. Had to be. Not bad, for my imagination. I preferred to be on the beach drinking one of those cool umbrella drinks, but no fire. Definitely a first. So, I could deal with the cheesy scenery. Plus, this was my dream. Maybe I’d run into some Abercrombie and Fitch model chopping wood—shirtless. 
My body continued to follow the path, toting me along. At the water’s edge, a small white bridge appeared. I blinked: Trippy, but sweet nonetheless. I crossed over the clear water, wishing I could stop for a moment. Nope. 
I cursed as the walk dragged on and on. Would I have to stroll in this make-believe land until I dropped off the face of the earth? Felt like it. 
Finally, I halted when a log cabin came into view. The two-story home almost completed this perfect fairy tale forest. All it needed now was a princess and some dwarfs. Still waiting on that Abercrombie and Fitch model. In the front, there was a huge bay window and a deck that led to a door on the upper level. Beautiful. There wasn’t another word to describe it. I urged my body to go toward it, but it wouldn’t. Son of a—! Who rigged this? I looked down at myself frustrated and ready to launch out of my so-called body. 
A figure on the side of the house, climbing out a window, drew my attention. Black hair, brown eyes…The girl. 
She took in her surroundings and walked stealthily toward an old red car. Sneaking out? Nice. The closer she got, the more I realized something was wrong. Tears rolled down her cheeks and she shook. 
 A figure in a hooded, black cloak materialized and stared at her from behind a nearby tree. 
Oh crap.
My adrenaline spiked. Why was I always immobile around this asshole? I screamed at the helpless girl, but no sound came out. I thrashed in frustration. If this girl died, it’d be all my fault.
Her head snapped toward the Kember. In the blink of an eye, he stood before her, blocking her way to the car. Her eyes widened and I heard her intake of breath. She turned and ran into the forest. 
He watched her run.
Everything around me slipped and ran together like a wet canvas. The scene before me melted and darkness rushed in.
Replaced at once with concerned green eyes, a creased brow… 
Aiden.
His hands gripped my arms. He gazed straight into my eyes. “Can you hear me? Taylee?” 
I blinked. 
He breathed in relief. 
I opened my mouth, staring at Aiden in disbelief. “…what the—?”
He hesitantly released me and motioned around us. “I don’t know. You were in a trance or something. I’ve been trying to get your attention for the last half hour. Are you okay?” 
“I…” We were still out in the forest, but out of the trees. Few stars dotted the sky and the moon’s light reflected right on…the cabin. I walked here? A chill shot up my spine. I stood at the exact same distance and angle I had in my dream—or whatever it was. “The girl was there,” I whispered, pointing past his head at the place I had seen her.
He glanced behind his shoulder, then back at me. “No one was there.” 
I stepped around him but couldn’t make out much detail in the darkness. “You’re sure?”
“Yes, it’s abandoned. Windows are broken and a few logs are rotted away.” 
 No, that couldn’t be right. I squinted, trying to get a better view of the house and cursed my normal eye sight. 
“What’s going on? One second you collapsed and the next you were on your feet walking. You wouldn’t answer me. You wouldn’t look at me…” 
“I-I thought I was dreaming.” Without hesitation, I blurted the entire vision to him, all the while trying to make sense of it. 
Aiden pivoted toward the house and raked his fingers through his hair. “I don’t even know what to tell you. Kind of sounds like an illusion.”
“One way to find out.” I stepped around him.
Reaching out as I passed, he stopped me. “It’s midnight. Let’s come back tomorrow.” He gestured to the sky. “When you can see.”
I pushed his hand back from my stomach, smirking. “Your sense of adventure gets lost with your humor, Captain?”
 “This isn’t some kind of ’do now, think later’ situation. If what you saw was, in fact, an illusion, the girl may not even exist. This could be a set up. You may be walking right into someone’s hands.”
I considered it. “Well…you sense anything? Anyone lurking in the shadows?” 
His stiff reply took a moment to come. “No. Not that I hear.”
“Good. Now we’ve thought about it, let’s go.” I tried to step forward, but my ankle caught in the knee-deep weeds, making me trip.
He caught my elbow and sighed. “Careful.”
I straightened and pushed back the hair hanging in my face, my cheeks growing warm. Walking forward, a lot more cautious, I made my way to the entrance. I turned the handle and pushed on the door. It wouldn’t budge. “Son of a— did they cement this thing in?” I kicked it hard, cursing it to hell. “It’s stuck!” 
Aiden motioned me aside. He wiggled the handle and it broke off, clattering as it hit the cracked concrete pad. 
 I scoffed. “That’ll work, too.” 
He slammed his shoulder into it and the door flew open, dangling on one hinge. 
I rolled my eyes. “Showoff.” Though I’d never admit it to him, I was actually quite impressed. 
A hint of what could’ve been a smile touched his lips, but otherwise he didn’t acknowledge my comment. Testing each step with his foot, he went inside the mass of shadows. “Step where I do.” He turned back and held out his hand, giving me something. “The last thing we need is you falling through the floor.”
I frowned, turning over the smooth cylindrical object in my hand: A flashlight. “You’ve had this the whole time?” His hand, still outstretched, caught my attention. My chest tightened and the flashlight situation left my mind. I stepped inside the house and took it. I hated how warm and strong it felt around mine. As bad as my emotions wanted to wig out, they were blocked when I took in the abandoned house.
Moving the light beam across the space, I grimaced at the apparent living room. Back in the day, it was probably beautiful and cozy with the huge rock fireplace and tall windows, but all traces of that were gone. The only things that’d occupied it in the last decade were most likely animals and guys like Herman. 
Dust from the warped wood floors clouded and swirled in the air as we walked. I pressed my lips tightly together, but the powdery substance wafted into my nose. I coughed and fanned my face. “Nice. When do we move in?” 
 “Strange.” 
I peered around the room wondering what had him stumped. Sofas were ripped and moldy. Pictures covered in cobwebs hung on the walls…I didn’t find it strange, just gross. Aiden pulled me around a broken coffee table positioned in front of a small boxy TV and bent to dust off a few magazines splayed across the floor. He picked one up. Faded and torn, but enough intact to make out the cover. A TV Guide that advertised Disney’s Beauty and the Beast. His brow furrowed and he tossed it back onto the ground. 
 “Come on.” He pulled me toward a staircase winding to the second level. 
The flashlight beam bounced off four doors and the cracked walls of the narrow hallway at the top of the stairs. Aiden didn’t hesitate. He opened the first door we came to and dragged me inside. A long desk, still covered in papers, dominated the middle of the room. On it sat a grey computer I swore was older than the Golden Gate Bridge.
He blew out a huff of air as he looked around.
I jerked my hand from his and turned on him. “Okay, enough with the huffing and puffing. I know you’re confused. Time to share with the class.” 
 He motioned around the office. “You don’t find any of this odd?”
“What? That people were able to function before real computers?” 
“That someone left all their stuff.” 
“Oh, that.” I took in the room one more time. “Yeah, I’d say it’s weird. What does it have to do with the girl?” 
 Cautiously, he moved to the desk and started wiping the dust off papers. He rummaged through them and rubbed his brow. “I don’t know yet.” 
 “Well, what’re you looking for?”
He winced, and I quickly moved the light beam from his face. 
“Anything. If I can find a bill or letter it could tell us who lived here.” 	
“Good thinking. Me and trusty flashlight’ll check the room across the hall.” 
He pointed a finger in my direction without looking up. “Stay.”
 “Dog commands? Really?” I placed my hand on my hip and glared.
“Power bill.” Aiden unfolded the paper. “This has to give us something.” 
I stared expectantly at him. 
He tapped his chin, eyebrows drawn together.
“What?”
He set the bill down and slowly lifted his head until his eyes met mine. My heart thudded in my chest and not because of the beautiful green emeralds staring back at me. It was the look in them. Compassion, confusion and a lot of other things that told me something along the lines of:  shit.
Give me life-sucking monsters any day. Bad news—anything life changing—and…
I spun on my heel and walked out of the room.
“Taylee!” 
Half way across the hallway, his tone stopped me. Not harsh or exasperated. Panicked. He barreled over the desk and bound toward me.
 I found out a second too late why.


Chapter 18
Like the wood was made of sawdust, it disintegrated beneath my feet. I fell straight through the floor. 
Everything happened in slow motion. I squeezed my eyes shut. A high pitched scream escaped my lips as a picture of me with a broken back, flashed through my mind. Body cast…wheel chair…Aiden spoon feeding me...
Air burst from my lungs when I hit something firm but, surprisingly, soft. I clutched the flashlight in hand and opened my eyes as Aiden crashed down next to me.
Before I could regain my stolen breath, Aiden rolled over top of me. He didn’t smoother me, he supported his own weight, hovering like a shield. A cracking, creaking sound, met my ears. Debris piled around us—on top of us—as the ceiling crumbled and clattered to the floor. 
Gasping, I sucked in dust then coughed hoarsely. A musty, damp smell flooded my nose. My throat burned and scratched like I’d inhaled a screw or…sheetrock. I dropped the flashlight and lifted my hands to pull my shirt over my face, but they got distracted when my fingers brushed along Aiden’s solid abs, then pecks.
Nice…
Once the crashing stopped and the cabin finished its attempt to kill us, I could feel Aiden’s glare bore into me. “Don’t you ever listen?”
 “Sure.” I shrugged. “Every once in a while.”
“You could’ve gotten yourself killed. Do you think I’d tell you to stay if I didn’t have a reason?”
“I think you’ve had one too many dogs, personally.” 
 “Start being responsible.”
What made him think I wasn’t trying? It’s not like I knew the floor would cave in. These things just happened to me—victim of wrong-place-at-the-wrong-time syndrome. 
Silence filled the cabin and I realized neither of us had moved. He still hovered over me and I couldn’t bring myself to let go of his shirt, though my fingers ached. I cursed my ridiculous, teenage-girl stomach flutters and strained my eyes in the darkness, trying to see Aiden. Please don’t let him feel how much I like this. Maybe he was enjoying the warmth our bodies created, too. I might be irresponsible, but something made me think it gave him a break from his endless perfection. 
Aiden grunted and pulled his body off mine. 
Crashing sounds echoed through the room as more pieces of ceiling hit the floor. I covered my head, pulled my knees to my chest and let out a horrible girlish squeal. 
“It’s okay.” Aiden coughed, his voice close—like he was standing right in front of me. “It was the wood sliding off my back.”
“Oh, uh, I-I know.” I jolted to the sitting position feeling a bit sheepish and pushed a strand of hair behind my ear. Idiot! Had I been alone, I would’ve slapped my forehead. Reaching out, I moved my hands over the chunks of wood next to me. “Where’s my flashlight?”
“Broken. How’re you— hurt anywhere?” 
I flinched when his fingers unexpectedly tilted my chin. 
“Did I startle you?” There was a sort of humor to his question—something I’d never heard before.
I scowled. “Not all of us can see in the dark, Batman.”
“Batman can’t see in the dark.” 
“I’m. Fine.” I pushed his hand away, still irritated. 
Aiden didn’t argue, so I guessed he believed me. The sound of boots tromping across the floor made me reach forward to see if he was still there. He wasn’t. 
Out of frustration and the need for something to do, I started shoving piles of sheetrock off the surface I sat on. A bed. I laughed coldly. 
“What?” Wood snapped and knocked together in the same direction Aiden’s voice came from.
“Well, I’m beginning to think fate keeps me alive for the sole reason of hurling its next life threatening situation at me.” 
I didn’t hear his response. Instead, my attention got swallowed by the flicker of light sparking across the room. It built into a small flame then continued to grow bigger until a rock fireplace appeared and Aiden crouched in front of it. Within minutes, a full-fledged fire developed. 
Fire…
The hole in my chest ached. The void in my stomach churned. I squeezed my eyes closed but felt the heat against my skin. Smelled the smoke. Heard the roar. Saw his face. 
“Open your eyes.”  Like Aiden knew the horrors running through my mind, he grabbed my shoulders and twisted me away from the fire. Kneeling in front of me, he assessed me. “Still with me?” 
My heart pounded. Beads of sweat formed on my brow. I nodded and peered around the room, trying to divert my thoughts. A big dresser, walk-in closet and two nightstands took up most of the space around me. I’d fallen right into the master suite. 
“Good.” Reluctantly, he handed me a paper and stood. 
“What’s this?” 
He turned away, his hesitance made my mouth dry. “Delmari.” 
I scowled and looked at the letter. “Of all the sick jokes—” 
Delmari Aiken, the name practically blared. I swallowed back the pain stinging my throat. “W-Where’d you get this?” 
“From the desk upstairs.” 
“M-Maybe it’s just a...” 
He reached back and handed me what appeared to be a utility bill. Again, Delmari’s name was printed in bold black letters.
“Coincidence?” 
Now I really couldn’t breathe. Or talk.	
“Have you been here before?” He motioned around the room. “Do you recognize anything?”
I stared blankly, shaking my head. 
He stood and took a few steps toward the wall. A dusty old crib sat in a corner along with a rocking chair. He ran his finger over it. “Maybe you lived here as a baby.” 
“No.” My voice sounded barely audible. “We’ve only lived in one house. The one that burned.”
Aiden grabbed a picture off the dresser. He wiped the glass with the bottom of his shirt and looked beyond the little gold frame. “Is this the girl from…” He turned the picture so I could see it.
My eyes widened, and I crossed the room, yanking it away from him. “Yeah, th-that’s her.”
“You’ve never seen her before?”
“No. He must’ve been her Kember before he was transferred to me.” 
“Something like that.” Aiden fell quiet, leaving the crackling fire as the only sound. He held another one, his expression weary, his body stiff. 
Stepping forward, I peered down at the photo. The frame I held clattered to the floor. 
Delmari. 
He smiled. The smile I loved—the face I yearned to see. I lost all feeling in my legs and sank to the floor. My breath caught in my throat. A sharp pain squeezed my chest. How could I have left him? Why hadn’t I tried harder to help him? I bit the inside of my cheek, trying to get rid of all the heart-wrenching guilt. 
“What does your mom look like?” Aiden crouched across from me and angled the picture so I could see it. For the first time, I noticed the girl in the picture with Delmari—with him. He held her and she was snuggled against him holding a baby. 
I swallowed hard, unable to tear my eyes from the photo. “I, uh… I don’t remember. I’ve never actually seen her, to tell you the truth.” Realization dawned on me, and I immediately shook my head. “I know what you’re thinking and no, Delmari didn’t know my mom.”
“You’re sure?”
“Positive. I asked him a billion times. He didn’t know her. This had to have been another chick.”
He tapped the glass. “Another girl with his baby?”
My jaw dropped. What an accusation. “Remember how freaky life-sucker killed her? That girl’s a Drea. Not a Kember. Therefore, her baby, not his.” 
“They’re both really young here. I’ll bet he was assigned to her right after he graduated. What if he—what if they…” He stared at me, mouth open, but it took a moment before the words formed. “He’s holding her. He wouldn’t be doing that for any other reason.”
“They didn’t do anything. This’s Delmari we’re talking about.  Staunch rule-following Delmari. Besides, you know as well as I do, Dreas and Kembers can’t—don’t—get together, let alone have a baby.”
 “How do you know? Kembers and Dreas don’t overstep that boundary, but what if they did? He was this girl’s Kember. I’m sure of it and I’m almost positive this is his baby.” 
I narrowed my eyes and leaned back against the log bed frame. “He would’ve told me if he had a daughter.” 
“Unless this baby was you.”
I laughed nervously, wiping my sweaty palms on my jeans. “I’d know if this was me. Delmari wasn’t my father. He—he would’ve told me.”
“Delmari was assigned to you when you were a baby. He treated and raised you exactly like he would his own daughter—”
“Maybe because this baby died, and he filled that hole by taking me and treating me the same way he did her.”
“Or maybe you were his baby.” He raked his hand through his hair. “You have similar features. You act just like him. Plus, why else would you be seeing this girl if she wasn’t your mother?”
I exhaled. She wasn’t my mom and I wasn’t his baby. How many times was I going to have to explain myself? “I have no idea, but you’re wrong.”
Aiden shook his head, looking haughty and frustrated. Flipping the frame over, he slid the picture out and read the back. He lifted his eyes to mine.
I jerked it away from him and read the back as well. Delmari, Aileen and Taylee. April 1, 1993. 


Chapter 19
My heart hammered. I wanted to yell—no, scream—but my voice only allowed a whisper. “That’s impossible. Delmari said he didn’t know my mom.” 
Aiden shifted uncomfortably. “I think Delmari loved your mom. And when she…died, that left the two of you. Luckily, you needed protection, too.”
My mind refused to process it even though the evidence stared me in the face. This girl was my mom. That would mean Delmari was my…dad? Could that be right? I looked at the picture in disbelief. No, it couldn’t be. 
“Maybe it was another Taylee and Aileen.” I realized how stupid I sounded. 
“Do you always deny what’s in front of you?”
The first vision rushed back to me:  the girl running through the forest from those Rygons. She died. Where was Delmari? With me?
Delmari told me the Authority assigned him to me just after I turned three months old. My mother died, shortly before and my father apparently ran off. He told me he didn’t know who my mom was or any information about her, when he would’ve been the best source. 
Suddenly, it all started sinking in.
“Oh shit.” I tried to laugh, but it came out a frantic, jagged breath. The pain in my chest intensified and I dropped to the floor, wrapping my arms around myself. The Kember’s words hit me hard, like he said them all over again. If Delmari was such a good man, why didn’t he tell you who your father was? Why didn’t he speak of your mother or let you see a picture of her? Every word out of his mouth was a lie.
All those times Delmari and I searched for information on my parents. Every time I asked a question, hoping he’d possibly know. Deep down, maybe I always knew he did. Funny how complete confidence in someone could blind you beyond reason. Everything I’d ever known, everything he’d ever told me was a lie. 
I clutched the picture in my hand, feeling the smooth texture crinkle beneath my fingers. 
“You okay?” Aiden asked.
I nodded, hot, angry tears welling in my eyes. I swallowed past the lump in my throat, refusing to meet his gaze. I couldn’t talk. I could barely breathe. Every day for seventeen years, Delmari looked me in the eyes and lied to me. Actually lied—to me!
I felt like I’d been abandoned in a foreign country. Nothing made sense. I didn’t know which direction would lead me where. Everything appeared and sounded different. Who could I trust? Who was on my side?
“Why don’t you get off the floor?” Aiden held out his hand. 
My head ached. I stared at his palm, feeling like I’d lost all comprehension. 
“You have every right to be upset but we’re going to figure this out.”
Figure out what? Delmari had been the only thing right in my life. My rock. My savior. Now? Now, I didn’t even know what to think. 
I wanted to know, understand why Delmari kept this from me. Too late. A tear rolled down my cheek and I quickly wiped it. He’d raised me like a daughter. He’d given me his unconditional love. Sometimes I wondered why he tolerated me. Why I was his weakness. Now I knew.
“It’s better than the alternative, isn’t it? You thought your father deserted you. You wondered who he was. At least now you know he loved you and cared.”
“Don’t you dare take his side!” My words sounded venomous. I sat on the bed, legs crossed, with Aiden next to me. “If he’d loved me, if he really cared, he would’ve told me.”
 “Taylee, he probably—“
“Will you stop?” I kicked my legs over the side of the bed, I stormed toward the door. 
Aiden was faster and a lot more stable. He stood, blocking my exit. “I’m not taking his side. I’m trying to get you to understand—”
“That he’s a fucking liar?”
“That he did what he thought was best for you.” A flash of anger stirred behind his suddenly dark eyes. “Can you imagine if someone would’ve found out? Have you even paused to think about the severity behind this? If you spent as much time and energy trying to find reason as you did acting irrational, you may have a different outlook on things.” 
I clenched my fists and gritted my teeth. “Irrational? How am I being irrational about this? He-He—”
“Lied. I get it.” His eyes softened and he lowered his face down closer to mine. “But you know what? Delmari was human—he wasn’t perfect. It doesn’t mean he loved you any less. He made every decision with your best interest in mind. I honestly believe that. If he didn’t tell you about him and Aileen, you better believe there’s a good reason.”
I realized then how much a part of me needed to stay mad at Delmari. I didn’t want to be sad. I didn’t want to miss him. I didn’t even want to think about him. Every time I did, my chest ached and a nauseous feeling crept in my stomach. It hurt so, so bad. I bit my quivering lip; treacherous tears filled my eyes. Spinning on my heel, I turned away from Aiden and dropped onto the bed. Within seconds, the dam I’d worked so hard to build broke, releasing two months of pent-up tears. 
I wiped at the stream pouring from my eyes, but it just kept coming and coming. My body shook, and I failed to hold back the sobs. My throat felt sore and tight. I didn’t even know which issue I was crying over. Leaving Delmari to die? Missing him? His betrayal? Maybe all three. 
After my tears finally calmed, Aiden walked over and sat next to me. He kept his eyes cast away from my face, like he knew I’d only beat myself up more for crying in front of him. He waited patiently while I mulled things over and tried to make sense of everything. 
I’d never appreciated his silence or chivalry more than in that moment. I was beginning to think he understood me more than I did. 
“I thought Kembers and Dreas couldn’t have babies together.” I wiped my cheeks and glared at the wall. “What’s up with that? Delmari said… ” I closed my eyes, realizing for the first time, I couldn’t believe what Delmari told me. He’d probably been covering his own ass.
“I’ve never heard of it. It’s not…natural, I guess. Not to mention that they don’t really get the chance. Female Kembers guard female Dreas. Male Kembers guard male Dreas. It’s not very common they get mixed.”
“So why did they?” 
“Sometimes there’s a shortage in female Kembers. Then they don’t have a choice. Others, like in your mom’s case, request certain Kembers”
“Yeah, then they get together, make babies, lie about it and die. Easy and fun for them, but sucks for the ones who get left behind.” I pulled my knees to my chest and wrapped my arms tightly around them. “Why did he lie? Didn’t he think I could handle the truth?”
 “Your father was a Kember and your mother was a Drea. He probably didn’t know how or if the race mix would affect you. The last thing he wanted was for someone to find out you weren’t normal.” 
“But I am normal.” 
“Yes.” He paused. “For the most part. I have noticed, aside from the physical ability, you have all the characteristics of a Kember. Every one.” 
“Maybe Delmari rubbed off on me.” 
“No. It’s not on the surface. It’s your instinct, the way you carry yourself. It’s who you are.” 
I tried not to get all uber-excited over the fact he noticed things about me. “So basically, you’re saying you think I’m half and half?” I wiped my eyes. “Is that even possible?”
“Two Kembers have Kember offspring. Two Dreas have Drea offspring. Why not get a little bit of both with a Kember and a Drea?”
As scary as it was, he made sense. My mouth opened, but it took a moment for words to spring out. “Isn’t there a way to find out for sure? I mean, Delmari and Aileen couldn’t have been the only ones.”
“The attraction is weird, Taylee.” He paused, rubbing his chin. “I guarantee, if it’s happened, it hasn’t happened very often.”
Except, it happened to me. Maybe I was broken like my mother, who had apparently been keen on getting busy with Kembers. “How do we find out for sure?”
He took a deep breath. “I don’t know. I’m not going to make phone calls and risk raising suspicions. Delmari hid it for a reason and I’m not about to go against that.”
“So, what do we do? Sit here?”
“We’ll deal with it on our own. I don’t see any other option.”
We. It gave me hope. I wasn’t alone in this. “You think Delmari knew?” 
“I only observed you for a few moments before I figured out something was off. I’m positive he knew.”
He had to have. Even I noticed how different I was from Skyler and all the other Dreas. I was aggressive and mouthy and always seemed to find myself in a predicament. 
 “What a bastard.” My voice quivered. 
Hesitantly, Aiden reached toward me. His hand skimmed across the top of my back as he brushed my hair from one shoulder to the other. Grabbing the top of my arm, he pulled me to him, and I rested my head against his chest.
My eyes burned when I blinked. I took a few deep breaths, inhaling his intoxicating scent and relaxed into him. I knew in the morning I’d regret letting him see me like this. Right now, I didn’t care. No matter how much I tried to deny it, I needed this and I needed him. 
 “This is such a disaster.”
“No it’s not.” He rubbed my arm. “It’s a little bump; one of those tests in life that shape who we are.”
I had a feeling he’d had a lot of those. I tilted my head, gazing at him. “How many more do you think there are?”
 His lips quirked into a half-smile. “Well, I was hoping they’d stop after you turn twenty-four, but so far I haven’t noticed much of a difference.” 
I almost didn’t hear what he said. I stared at him, taking in his perfect-shaped lips and soft green eyes. There it was again. My heart sputtered as he peered at me, sending a flash of heat through my body. Mortified he felt my emotions, I peeled my eyes from his and looked down, taking a deep breath. “Well, the faster we figure out what these vision things mean, the faster I can push their obscenity to the back of my mind.”
“I wish I could tell you. Now that the girl’s your mom, I have no idea. We can’t save her because obviously she’s already, well…gone.” His chest moved when he sighed. “There has to be a reason you’re seeing those things. I wonder…”
“I hate when you do that.”
He stiffened. “Do what?”
“Stop midsentence.”
He paused a moment. “Someone has to be planting those images in your mind. Both times you’ve seen the Kember. Maybe we should be picking up on something else.”
I hadn’t realized until now that one of my arms had moved from my legs and rested across Aiden’s stomach. My eyes snapped open. When did they close? “Um, could be the Kember. He can communicate telepathically, why not create illusions and past memories?” 
“Maybe, but why would he do that?”
“Same reason he hangs out in the girls’ bathroom—because he can.”
Leaning back against the headboard, with his feet crossed, Aiden didn’t respond. Mind reading wasn’t required for me to know he was thinking through every possibility. His body felt tense and hard against mine, but strangely embraceable. 
I tucked my chilled arms close between us, submersing myself in his body heat. His smell. His touch. My mind couldn’t get past either. I closed my eyes and entered into the best night’s sleep I’d had in months. 
The next thing I knew, Aiden was shaking me awake, saying something about noon. I wiped what I hoped—but didn’t seem likely—was dewdrops off my face and rubbed my eyes. Outside, a white, cottony substance fell from the sky. For the sake of my short sleeves, I desperately hoped it was cotton or maybe even blossoms of some sort. 
Nope. Snow. It proved to be the icy bitch I anticipated as we walked the five miles back to the house. Instead of piling, like normal snow, it turned to slush, making the trail muddy and gross. My feet were frozen after only a few minutes of walking in it, but I didn’t care. My heart was just as numb.
My white shoes weren’t so white when I got home. Peering into the mirror, right before I got into the shower, I realized the day for petty shoe problems were gone. “Son of a bitch!” I jerked my dirty jeans back on, secured my bra and raced down the hall. 
“Aiden, look.” I threw his door open, my heart hammering. “It’s bigger.”
He spun around in the desk chair and dropped his pen when he saw me. He blinked and it seemed to take his eyes a minute to find the mark. “It- It is bigger.” The shock left his features and he leaned forward. “It’s a—”
“Flower, yeah. What the hell does it mean?”
Aiden reached out and rubbed his thumb over what was now, obviously, a stem. He continued up the arc of my hip to the new white blossom and rubbed it. 
I was too worked up and freaked out to care. 
“No idea. Do you know what kind of flower it is?”
“What do you think I am? A freakin’ old lady flower lover?” I snapped.
Aiden sat back and directed his gaze at me. He folded his arms across his chest, his expression telling me he’d put up with anything but my attitude right now. 
I took a deep breath and grabbed my hair at the scalp. Since we got home this morning, I hadn’t been able to shake the Aileen-Delmari taboo. Now on top of all that, I had to be reminded of this. None of it was his fault and I figured I shouldn’t take it out on him. 
I collapsed on his bed and put my face in my hands. “I just—”
“It’s fine. Let’s look it up and see what we find.”
I nodded, reached down and picked up his pencil. My pathetic attempt at a sorry gesture. 
He tapped his fingers on his laptop keyboard and called me over to his desk a few minutes later. 
I stared at the screen seeing the exact same flower that was now tattooed on my hip:  white petals with yellow antenna things sticking out of the middle. It was actually pretty—when it wasn’t on me. 
“It’s a lil
Part 2 is available now! 





If you enjoyed this story, please let others know by adding a review. This helps others find new authors that they may have never heard of before, but may enjoy. Thank you so much for your support. I appreciate it so much,

Tiffany




I’d love to hear your comments or thoughts! Facebook fan page: https://www.facebook.com/#!/pages/Tiffany-Evans-Author/135543839847822


y,” Aiden said.
