
Kiya and the God Of Chaos
Philippa Bower

Copyright ©2016 by Philippa Bower
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews. Please do not participate in or encourage the piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.

Contents
Introduction
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
Chapter 53
Chapter 54
Chapter 55
Chapter 56
Chapter 57
Chapter 58
Chapter 59
Chapter 60
Chapter 61
Chapter 62
Chapter 63
Chapter 64
Chapter 65
Chapter 66
Chapter 67
Chapter 68
Chapter 69
Chapter 70
Chapter 71
Chapter 72
Chapter 73
Chapter 74
Chapter 75
Chapter 76
Chapter 77
Chapter 78
Chapter 79
Chapter 80
Chapter 81
Chapter 82
Chapter 83
Chapter 84
Chapter 85
Chapter 86
Chapter 87
Chapter 88
Chapter 89
Chapter 90
Chapter 91
Chapter 92
Chapter 93
Chapter 94
Chapter 95
Chapter 96
Chapter 97
Chapter 98
Chapter 99
Chapter 100
Chapter 101
Chapter 102
Chapter 103
Chapter 104
Chapter 105
Chapter 106
Chapter 107
Chapter 108
Chapter 109
Chapter 110
Chapter 111
Chapter 112
Chapter 113
Chapter 114
Chapter 115
Chapter 116
Chapter 117
Chapter 118
Chapter 119
Chapter 120
Chapter 121
Chapter 122
Chapter 123
Chapter 124
Chapter 125
Chapter 126
Chapter 127
Chapter 128
Chapter 129
Chapter 130
Chapter 131
Chapter 132
Chapter 133
Chapter 134
Chapter 135
Chapter 136

Introduction
Kiya and the God of Chaos is a condensing of the three books that make the Ka of Osiris Trilogy. These books are available in hard copy and provide a fuller version of the adventures of Kiya as she battles gods and monsters in her quest to save Egypt from the wrath of the god Seth, with whom she has an unexpected connection.

Chapter One: Kiya
Kiya woke with the sun hot on her face. She turned her head and saw that her parents’ beds were empty. With dismay she realised that she had overslept and scrambled up, still rubbing the sleep from her eyes. She found her shift among the tangle of bedding, stepped into it and pulled it up over her breasts, feeling the rough linen harsh against her skin. As she fastened the shoulder straps, she looked over the parapet of the roof.
Her father was harvesting barley in the field below. He straightened with a sigh, dropped the scythe and pressed his hands into the small of his back. He was getting old, thought Kiya with a pang. Soon her parents would expect her to marry and bring home a young man to help work the farm. Indeed, if she hadn’t insisted on becoming a dancing girl she would already have been pressured into marriage. She gave a pout of distaste at the thought of being tied down to domestic drudgery for the rest of her life.
Kiya stepped over her parents’ beds and hurried to the narrow staircase that led down from the roof into the living room. How she wished she could live at the temple instead of having to come home each night. She wanted to forget the mundane world and dance before the gods forever.
Kiya descended the uneven steps with care, going from the warm sunshine into cool dimness. She saw that her mother was already seated at the loom, leaning forwards to peer at the shuttle.
"Good morning, Mama."
Ramala looked up from her work, her face still lovely despite her long illness. She smiled and said, “Good morning, Kiya. You have overslept again."
“You should have woken me, Mama.” Kiya kissed Ramala on the hard angle of her cheek. “I will be in trouble if I am late for dance class."
“You will be in more trouble if you make your father late for market. He should have finished cutting barley by now.”
Kiya ran out into the walled yard, where a trough of water stood. She stripped off her shift and washed with a linen rag. The warmth of the sun dried her skin even before she put her shift back on. She picked up the bone comb from the top of a brick cupboard built against the wall. There was also a kohl stick, a pot of red ochre and a mirror, but Kiya ignored them - there was no time for make up. She quickly ran the comb through her hair, being careful not to break the delicate bone teeth. Refreshed, she re-entered the house and checked the kitchen area. A bowl of porridge stood on the counter. She ate a mouthful, but it was cold and it would take too long to heat it. Instead, she grabbed a handful of dates from the side plate and returned to sit near her mother.
“Life would be much easier if you let me stay at the temple, Mama.”
Ramala sighed. "We have been through all this before, Kiya. Your father only allowed you to become a temple dancer on condition you live at home."
“I want to be with Eopei and the other girls.” Kiya could hear her voice rise as she repeated her long-standing plea.
“You are welcome to invite Eopei here," said Ramala.
Kiya hesitated. Eopei was a Nubian princess, used to living in great luxury. She looked around the tiny room where her family lived, cooked, ate and stored their few belongings. Everything was made from mud bricks, the only wood was her mother’s loom which took up most of one wall. From the door of the adjoining barn came the smell of cow manure.
Eopei had visited the farmhouse a couple of times, but Kiya had sensed her contempt and was reluctant to invite her again. She altered her line of argument.
“Things have changed since you were attacked in the shrine of Osiris. We cannot be alone there now.”
Ramala sighed. “I love you, Kiya. You are my only child and I could not bear anything to happen to you.” She sat slumped in front of the loom and Kiya stared at her in exasperation. This was how her fragile mother won every altercation.
“Is something wrong?” Teos entered through the door to the cowshed carrying a large pot of milk and a sheaf of barley. He looked anxiously at Ramala’s hunched figure. “Have you upset your mother, Kiya?”
“No, Papa, we were just talking.” She turned to her mother for confirmation. “Weren’t we, Mama?”
Ramala straightened and lifted the shuttle. “Yes, dear. I’m fine.” She managed a wan smile and Kiya was grateful. She went over to her mother, put her arms around her shoulders and hugged her.
“Good,” said Teos. “Fetch my mat, please, Kiya. We must get to Thebes while there is still time to find a selling space.” He kissed Ramala. “Goodbye, my darling. Do not overtire yourself.”
Kiya rolled up the rush mat then followed her father out of the house and along the path that led to the main road. The fields on either side had been harvested and were now bare, weeds already encroaching upon the rich, dark soil. She breathed in the fresh morning air and watched a flock of starlings search for food among the stubble. Disturbed by their passing, the birds rose in the air and whirled around in a great circle, before heading towards the escarpment that marked the edge of the valley.
When Teos reached the road to Thebes he paused to readjust his burden. Kiya joined him and they gazed back across the farm to where the Nile sparkled in the sunshine, half-hidden by reed beds and date groves.
“It looks beautiful,” said Kiya.
Teos grunted. “All too soon the river will start to rise. I must finish harvesting the fields before the flood.” He sounded tired and Kiya seized her opportunity.
“I’m sorry you have to waste time collecting me from the temple every night. If you let me sleep in a dormitory with the other girls...”
“No!” He gathered up the milk pot and barley sheaf, then walked away so quickly that she had to hurry to keep up with him.
The trodden-earth road was smooth and wide. They were passed by a trotting donkey with a man on his back.
“Hail Teos,” called the man.
“Hail,” called back Teos and grunted. “Fortunate fellow. What would I not give for such a beast.”
Farmhouses identical to theirs were dotted along the route, barely two field-widths separating them. On the other side of the road was scrubland, fit only for goats. Kiya looked beyond the dry grass and twisted bushes to where the great cliffs that bordered the valley stretched high. She would never leave this valley, never know what lay beyond. Sometimes the cliffs seemed like the wall of a prison, other times like a protective barrier, saving her world from the unknown that lay beyond.
There were many people on the road in front of them, all heading towards the city and most burdened with goods to sell. Other farmers joined the throng, walking up the track ways from their farms.
The road narrowed and became hemmed in with houses. It was no longer made from beaten earth but paved with bricks. They had reached Thebes.
The market was in a much wider street, lined on either side by shops with awnings on wooden poles under which were arranged all manner of goods. The smell of freshly-baked bread reminded Kiya that she had not eaten a proper breakfast. She longed to pause and buy a spiced roll but her father hurried on, past the fishmongers, the fabric stalls and the fruit and vegetable sellers until he reached the farmer’s area where sacks of grain, jars of milk and small honey pots were laid out upon rush mats.
“Move up, my friends, and give me a space,” said Teos. With much grumbling and good-natured banter the other farmers included him in their midst. He put down his milk and barley and took the mat from Kiya.
“Greetings, Kiya,” said one of the farmers. “My son is looking for a wife.”
“Looking to inherit my farm more like!” said Teos. “My daughter has another year before she leaves the temple. There will be no thoughts about marriage until then." He turned to Kiya. "Now hurry, girl, before you get into trouble.” He gave her a brief kiss on the cheek and started to unroll his mat.
"Goodbye, Papa, I will see you tonight." Kiya tried to run but her ankle-length shift hobbled her. Abandoning dignity, she hitched up her clothing and sprinted like a child to the sound of appreciative whistles from her father’s friends.

Chapter Two: The Temple
The temple complex of Ipet-Isut was the largest in Egypt. The guards looked like dwarves as they stood under the archway that joined the vast tapered entrance towers. Bright, flapping banners flew on poles and, beyond the walls, gold-capped obelisks glittered in the sunlight among dazzling, white buildings.
Despite having made the journey daily, Kiya still felt awe at the sight of the temple and imagined she was entering a land of giants as she approached the guards.
“Late again, Kiya?” said one of them.
“Take me home with you and I’ll make sure you are aroused early,” said the other with a leering wink.
Kiya managed a friendly laugh and hurried past, through the shadowed passageway between the entrance towers and into the sunlit expanse of the great courtyard. Statues of past kings and present gods stared at her with cold eyes as she hurried across the flagstones to the corridor that led to the assembly room.
She could not hear the sound of drumming as she ran down the dimly-lit corridor. Perhaps the other girls were still warming up ready for the dance practice to begin. Kiya hoped she might be able to sneak in and join them without Urshu noticing that she was late. She held her breath and peered around the doorway – to look straight into the face of the dance master.
Urshu stared at her, his hooded eyes shadowed with darkness. “Ah, Kiya, I see you have decided to grace us with your presence.”
She glanced beyond the dance master to where a musician sat, staring at his drums, forbidden to look at the girls. “I apologise, but at least the practice has not yet started.”
“You are insolent as well as tardy.” Anger stirred in the ice of Urshu’s eyes. “Get changed before you delay us further.”
Kiya hurried to the pegs. She had not meant to be insolent, she was just pointing out a fact. Depressed at having upset the dance master, she stepped out of her shift and put on her tunic. She joined the other girls, bracing herself for further recriminations but Urshu said no more. He clapped his hands and they took up their places before him.
“We will practise the glide,” commanded Urshu.
The drummer started a slow beat and Kiya glided to the music, her upper body as still as a hovering bird. She could hear Urshu’s angry voice and, occasionally, the sound of his cane against a badly-positioned arm, or leg, as newer dancers struggled to achieve the desired effect.
Kiya’s hunger grew. It was a long morning before Urshu clapped his hands and kitchen slaves brought in lunch. Copper trays, piled high with food, were placed on the oak table. Kiya joined the crowd of chattering girls and helped herself to bread and roast duck, plus a goblet of beer.
“Come and talk to me, Kiya,” called Eopei in her sing-song voice. “I have such good news. Qelhatat is going to teach me the Dance of Seduction!”
“Congratulations,” said Kiya, who had been doing the dance for months. “Such an honour is long overdue.”
“What a pleasure it will be to seduce Osiris into ejaculating the stars of heaven.” Eopei was all smiles, excited by her new responsibilities. “I admit, I was cross that you and the other girls were chosen before me, but now all that is forgotten.”
Kiya was glad to see Eopei in a better mood, her sulks had cast a shadow on their friendship. “Perhaps we’ll perform the dance together,” she said as she sat on the floor beside her. “Remember, it’s for the eyes of the gods alone. If you perform it to one of your admirers, he might have a heart attack.”
Eopei laughed. “Have you ever excited a man, Kiya?”
“No, you know how closely I am guarded by my parents. Besides, I have no interest in men. I want to do more in life than be a farmer’s wife and ruin my body by bearing his children.”
“I agree, but a girl has to have fun,” said Eopei and then she pouted. “I wish my figure was as slender as yours, Kiya. Qelhatat says I have to lose weight. No more sneaking into Thebes to buy honey cakes.”
“Poor Eopei.” Kiya put her arm around her friend’s shoulders in mock pity and pinched the plumpness of her ebony flesh. She was about to tell Eopei about her altercation with her mother when they were interrupted by the harsh voice of Urshu.
“Lunch is over.”
Slaves removed the remains of the meal, while Kiya and Eopei scrambled to their feet and joined the rest of the girls.
Urshu checked that all was ready and then he left the room. Kiya could hear his voice in the corridor and then Qelhatat arrived at the doorway. She paused so all could admire the magnificence of her robes of office. Today she was wearing scarlet with a deep border of ankhs, the symbol of life, embroidered in thick, gold thread. She raised her arms, which were heavy with rings, bracelets and armlets. “Good afternoon, dancers, may the blessings of the gods be upon you.”
What must it be like to live in such grandeur? wondered Kiya as she joined the chorused reply, “Good afternoon, Highness.”
For a moment it seemed as if the eyes of the High Priestess rested upon her. Kiya could not judge her expression beneath the thick make-up she wore. Was she annoyed? Had Urshu told her that she had been late for dance practice? Surely he would not trouble the High Priestess with such a triviality. To Kiya’s relief, Qelhatat’s gaze moved on without a word being spoken.
“Today we will practice for the Festival of Sobek,” she announced to the class. “Please arrange yourselves in your positions.”
The dance had to replicate the movements of a crocodile as it followed the procession of priests to the Nile. Newer dancers struggled with the complex routine and Kiya grew bored with the constant repetition. She had learnt the dance before, when she had first joined the temple. It was difficult then, having to remember the steps and rippling arm movements while keeping a constant distance from the other dancers. Now she felt impatient and wished that the new girls would learn the dance more quickly.
The long afternoon dragged on. There was the chink of glass against glass as slaves arranged goblets of wine on the copper trays on the table. Kiya’s heart rose - the sounds meant they were nearing the end of the class.
Qelhatat clapped her hands and announced, “The time has come to prepare for the Dance of Safe Passage.”
More slaves ran into the room, carrying wigs and boxes of make up. Kiya tried not to blink while kohl was drawn around her eyes in an almond shape, to replicate the eye of Horus. Red ochre was applied to her lips and cheeks and her hair was tucked up under an elaborate wig. She looked around at her fellow dancers, now no longer individuals but glamorous components of the great nightly ritual that brought sunlight back to the world.
When the last slave had left the room, Qelhatat crossed over to the table and spread her arms. “I offer you wine, so your performance will delight Amun-Ra at the going down of the sun. If you please the god, his flaming chariot will rise again in the morning and carry him across the heavens.”
“So be it,” they chorused. The ceremony had begun.
Qelhatat stood with her back to the room, her wide cloak hiding the tray of drinks. She picked up a goblet, then turned and gave it to the first girl. “May this wine loosen your limbs, so you dance to the glory of Amun-Ra.”
“So be it,” said the girl and took the drink.
It was Kiya’s turn next. Qelhatat took a little bit longer to pick up the goblet, then she turned to Kiya with a smile. “May this wine loosen your limbs, so you dance to the glory of Amun-Ra.”
“So be it,” said Kiya and took the drink.
While the rest of the girls were being served, Kiya sipped the wine. It tasted different, sweeter than usual and with a metallic tang. She hesitated but, when she saw Qelhatat’s eyes upon her, she hurriedly drained the goblet.
When all had drunk and replaced their goblets onto the tray, Qelhatat bowed her head and intoned the nightly prayer.
“Oh, Amun-Ra, who rules the skies.
Accept our homage we pray thee.
As night falls and the stars appear
May you travel safely through the underworld
To bring your light to the earth tomorrow.”
From the Temple of Amun-Ra came the sound of music as a hidden orchestra started to play. Kiya joined the line of girls that left the assembly room to enter the vastness of the place of worship. The procession of dancing girls wove around the gigantic columns that held the lintels of the temple roof. In this nightly ritual, there was no audience to admire their grace, only the gods, who stared down from the carved and painted columns.
As the sun sank, its rays lit the upper paintings and, when she raised her head, Kiya could see Amun-Ra ride his golden chariot across the heavens. The dance was now for him alone, begging him to return from the darkness of the underworld and light the sky again tomorrow.
The wailing of flutes joined the stringed instruments and the beat quickened. With the other dancers, Kiya twirled with increasing abandon. The line broke apart, she danced to a far corner of the temple - and then everything went black.

Chapter Three: The Sacred Lake
Kiya stirred. Her limbs ached from the hardness of the stone floor. She opened her eyes and saw that she was still in the Temple of Amun-Ra. The pillars, so beautiful in daylight, were like massive tree trunks at night, their bulk menacing as if they were closing in on her.
She staggered to her feet and called out softly for her companions, but whispering echoes mocked her. It was too late, everyone had gone. By now, the other dancers would be back in their dormitories on the far side of the complex. With a pang, she remembered that Teos was waiting for her by the temple gate. Should she try to reach him? Would he still be there? She shook her head. The guards would let nobody enter or leave the complex at this time of night, she might even be arrested for trespass.
Far away, down an avenue of pillars, Kiya could see moonlight. Like a moth, she was drawn towards it. One nervous step after another, she emerged from the temple into the garden of the Sacred Lake.
The moon was full, and Kiya stared in wonder at the ethereal beauty of the garden. Then she shivered. Her flimsy dance tunic was scant defence against the night chill, but fear also made her tremble, for she was trespassing in a holy and forbidden place. She waited, hidden in the dark shadow of a jasmine bush. The night was silent. Above her head stretched the milky shape of the heavenly Nile. The boat of Amun-Ra would be travelling along its length, towed by gods through the twelve lands of the night past the terrors of the demon-serpent Apep.
Slowly, looking right and left for any that might accost her, Kiya crossed the wide, paved pathway that surrounded the lake and gazed at the vast sheet of water. It reflected the star-glittered sky like a mirror.
Bowing her head, Kiya prayed to the ancient kings, who had become gods and now lived beside the heavenly Nile. “Just as you protect Amun-Ra upon his journey, grant me protection, I beg of you, my Lords.” The reflected stars twinkled back and she hoped her prayer had been answered.
When Kiya raised her head she was alarmed to see a man standing at the far end of the lake. He was looking into the water but, as she moved to try to hide from him, he glanced up and noticed her. With relief, she saw that he wore the jackal-head mask of Anubis. A priest of the mummification rooms had no more right to be beside the Sacred Lake than she did.
He walked towards her, moving with catlike grace. She stood tall and tried to look confident as he approached. Despite the chill of the night he was clothed only in a pleated, linen kilt and the moonlight shimmered across the smooth muscles of his chest.
When he got near he said, “Be not afraid,” in a voice that was deeply resonant.
Kiya scarcely heard his words for she was in shock. When the man smiled, the thin lips of the mask curled and when he spoke, the mouth opened and she could see his teeth and the movement of his long, black tongue. The man was wearing no mask – he was Anubis himself. She turned to run, but terror made her knees buckle and she fell to the ground.
“My Lord, forgive me,” she moaned.
He stood looking down at her. His jackal face showed no emotion but his voice, when he spoke, was gentle. “Forgive you? For what? For being here, by the Sacred Lake? You have every right to be here, child. You are the chosen one.” His feet were a hand-span from her face. She had half expected them to be clawed like an animal but they were beautifully formed and his nails well manicured. “You are to be my companion for this special night,” Anubis said, stretching out a hand. “Come, you are shivering. Let me help you up.”
Kiya hesitated. Should she attack him? Should she flee? Fear sapped her resolve. Her legs felt weak as if they would barely support her weight let alone kick out at the fearful creature that reached for her. Overwhelmed, she accepted the hand he offered.
“Good girl.” He pulled her gently to her feet.
“Now, hold my arm and we will walk together, while I tell you of great wonders.” Kiya’s knees still shook and she clung to his arm, needing his support. “Thousands of years ago the western desert was a verdant landscape, with lakes and forests.” He started to stroll along the side of the lake and she, clutching his arm, was drawn along beside him.
As they progressed, Kiya’s fear subsided. She inhaled Anubis’s honeyed scent and listened to the thrilling timbre of his voice, while he described the beauty of the vanished world, full of herds of game and sweet pastures. His arm was well-muscled and surprisingly warm and his speech had a hypnotic quality that relaxed her.
“Years of drought destroyed the land. It was then that the wise men of our tribe researched ways of ensuring our survival. They discovered a substance that allowed cross fertilisation between humans and animals. Hybrid creatures were formed. Many died, for it was a crude process and the results variable. But in one thing the ancients succeeded – over time, some of their creations proved to be immortal.”
Despite her enchantment, Kiya was amazed. She let go of his arm and stared up at him. “Are you saying that the gods are the results of an experiment?”
“I had not said it, for such information is not for mortal ears. But you have a quick mind and have discerned the truth. Although I am half jackal, I am grateful for the humanity within me. Others were less fortunate, for they were born without intelligence or morals. Those beings are not gods but monsters.”
They were walking again and Kiya sank deeper into a waking sleep. The voice of Anubis was like gentle music and his warmth and scent intoxicated her senses. She wanted to stroll beside him in the magical garden forever.
“For years the monsters were allowed to terrorise mankind, then they were banished to a hidden goldmine in Nubia. There, they toil under the control of Molloch, the most terrifying of them all.”
“What if they were to escape?” asked Kiya.
“We must pray that they do not.” A chill wind blew in from the desert. She shivered and pressed against him, seeking protection, warmed by the marvellous heat of his body. He responded by holding her close. “You need have no worries about the Molloch Mine, dancing girl, you are with me now.”
He was everything she desired in a god – strong, loving and beautiful. She longed to fling herself to the ground and worship him but, pinioned within his embrace, she continued to walk. “It must be wonderful to be immortal,” she sighed.
“No.” His voice was low. “Never wish to live forever, pretty dancing girl. Your life may be as short as a lotus blossom, but it is full of love and beauty. My life is grey, an endless road that leads from nowhere to nowhere.”
“Have you never been in love?” Kiya said and could feel the warmth of a blush.
Anubis laughed, a rich, throaty sound that made her blush deepen. “I feel something like love tonight,” he said. “I hunger for you, dancing girl. I am no monster, but the beast within me yearns for human flesh.” Lulled by his voice, Kiya felt no fear at these terrible words and the gentle pace of their walk continued. “For eons I have battled with the conflicting desires of man and beast and have resolved never to take a life that was not freely given.”
They stopped walking and Anubis twisted her to face him, his hands firm upon her shoulders. “Will you give yourself to me willingly? It will hurt but for a moment.”
At last Kiya understood what she had been chosen for. Deep within her body the fear of death squirmed. But Anubis was a god and he exerted a power over her that she was unable to resist. Softly she answered, “Yes.”
He tilted her head back and stroked her neck with sensitive fingers.
Kiya closed her eyes and braced herself for the pain of his teeth, but he stopped.
“It breaks my heart to destroy such beauty. I sense something very special about you.”
She could feel him tremble as he fought his hunger. The pause continued and, wondering at the delay, Kiya opened her eyes to see that Anubis had raised his head to stare at the distant wall that bounded the complex. She looked but could see nothing except the trees and shrubs of the garden.
He dropped his hands from her shoulders and growled as a man’s head appeared at the top of the wall.
“Let her go, you monster!” It was the voice of Teos. He flung a leg over the parapet and hauled himself into a sitting position then raised a spear. Kiya recognised the sharpened pole he kept to kill wild pigs that dared to raid his crops. The end was fire-hardened and it was a formidable weapon. “Get away from him, Kiya!” he shouted, and drew back his arm, ready to fling the spear.
Anubis snarled. A guttural sound came from deep within his throat and his curled lips revealed long canine teeth.
“No!” screamed Kiya. She stared in horror at the transformation that had come over her god. He looked like a wild beast crouched ready to do battle. “Please do not hurt my father, my Lord,” she cried. “Forgive him. He wants only my safety.”
He gave her an unfathomable look, then straightened up, spun around and dived into the lake. Kiya watched ripples radiate across the water, shattering the peace of the reflected heavens.
“Come here, Kiya! Quickly!”
Her father’s voice was urgent and, with instinctive obedience, Kiya turned away from the lake and ran to a palm tree that grew beside the high, stone wall. She climbed the rough trunk and, with Teos’s help, scrambled to the top of the wall.
He embraced her. “Thank the gods I got here in time.” She felt the coarse cloth of his tunic, and smelt his familiar, earthy smell. From the sublime to the mundane, from honey to earth. Still under Anubis’s spell, she knew that the door to paradise had closed. “Was that murderous monster Anubis? Oh, my poor daughter. I have angered the gods as well as the temple by rescuing you.”
As her father helped her down the ladder propped against the outside of the wall, Kiya knew that her troubles had only just begun.

Chapter Four: A Hard Bargain
Early the next morning, Kiya stood on the quayside. She peered from under the hood of her travelling cloak wondering if the temple guards might already be searching for her. Although it was barely an hour after sunrise, fishermen were already bringing ashore their catches. Baskets of fish were hauled to the fishmongers, who stood at their stalls at the far side of the quay, gutting the fish and throwing the innards into buckets. The sight disgusted Kiya, who preferred her fish dried and smoked, not wet and slippery. She concentrated her attention on her father.
Teos was talking to a merchant, who was supervising the loading of a barge. He was a fat man with spindly legs and an unwelcoming demeanour. Kiya watched as he tried to ignore her father and continued to shout instructions to his men.
“Lay the sacks carefully, don’t just throw them down. A split sack will be taken out of your wages!”
“Please, Pepi, we have known each other for many years. All I ask is that you take my daughter, Kiya, down to the delta and make sure she gets to her aunt safely.”
Pepi at last turned to face Teos, but Kiya’s heart sank as he shook his head. “This is not a passenger boat, Teos. There is only enough food and drink for the crew.”
“That’s not a problem. My daughter has brought her own provisions.” Teos gestured to Kiya, who held up her jug of watery beer and bag of food.
“She will be uncomfortable. She might distract the crew. We go no further than Qato, after that she would be on her own.”
Kiya’s heart sank as she listened to Pepi’s excuses. She was on the verge of tears after a sleepless night, comforting her mother, planning an escape and preparing for the voyage. She had begged her parents to let her stay, but it was deemed too dangerous – indeed, they would all be at risk if caught harbouring a fugitive. Now it seemed that even her escape would be thwarted.
“Surely you can arrange for her to be taken to Ankhis, Pepi? It’s only a few miles away and you employ ox-cart drivers to deliver your goods.” Teos was pleading, now. He held up a small pouch of money rings. “I am willing to pay, of course.”
Pepi took the pouch and peered inside. “Hmm, this should cover it. I can assure you that ox carts are not cheap.”
He smiled and Kiya wondered how much money her father had offered him. Teos was not a wealthy man and Kiya felt a pang of guilt that she had brought trouble and expense upon the family.
The merchant returned to the loading and Teos came back to Kiya.
“He drives a hard bargain, does that one,” he said.
She hugged him, grateful for the sacrifice he had made. “I am going to miss you.”
“We’re going to miss you, too.” He kissed the top of her head. “Give our love to Laylos.”
Kiya was close to tears. “Please come with me, Papa. What if the guards arrest you?”
He shook his head. “I cannot leave your mother. It’s my sacred duty to look after her.”
“Let me stay.” She clung to him. “I’m sure I will be safe. The High Priestess will think I am dead.”
Teos patted her on the shoulder. “We have been through all the arguments. Come now, Kiya, you are usually such a brave girl.”
The barge was loaded and Pepi beckoned to Kiya. “It’s time to get on board, girl.” He picked up her bag and carried it to the front of the barge. “You can sit on these sacks, here.”
Kiya released her father. “I love you,” she said.
“I love you too.”
With a feeling of dread, Kiya followed Pepi onto the barge. This was the first time she had ever left Thebes, ever been apart from her family. It was like standing on the edge of a cliff and staring into an abyss.
With much shouting and activity, the mooring ropes were untied and the ship pushed away from the quay. Kiya wanted to wave to her father, but he was already hurrying homewards. She stood and watched his departing figure, until the buildings hid him from view.
The sails were unfurled and billowed in the wind, as fat and white as the breasts of geese. The boat picked up speed and they soon left behind the houses, shops, quays and temples of Thebes.
Flocks of fishing boats were left tossing in their wake as they passed riverside settlements, where reed beds gave way to sandy slopes. Kiya watched people bathe in the water or wash clothes or use shadufs to lift water from the Nile. Children waved at the passing boat and some ran along the bank in a vain attempt to keep pace. Kiya was amused by their antics and waved back at them.
The ship moved towards the centre of the river and the people on shore diminished to the size of ants in a patchwork landscape of green and gold. Kiya gazed beyond the fields to the high escarpments that formed a background to life beside the Nile. What lay outside the valley? Nothing but empty desert, where once there had been grass.
Kiya sat at the front of the boat and let her tired mind drift to Anubis. His story of how the gods had been created, challenged everything she had believed in. She remembered the terrible day, when her mother told her that Teos was not her real father. She had felt the same way then, as if the bottom had fallen out of her world.
Kiya lay back on the sacks and closed her eyes. Unwelcome tears squeezed through her lashes and trickled down her cheeks – then she slept.
By the end of the first day the landscape around Kiya had changed. The valley was broader and she could hardly see the distant cliffs. As the sun sank, she watched an ibis fly across the golden sky and, despite her troubles, was grateful to be alive in such a beautiful world.
The sound of coarse laughter came from the stern of the boat, where the crew were eating and drinking and playing Senet. There were four of them, including Pepi. So far they had ignored her, but one called out, “Do you want some beer, girl?”
“No, thank you,” she said.
“Leave her alone, Intef, she is under my protection,” said Pepi.
“I just asked if she wanted beer,” said Intef.
“And I told you before - that girl is off limits.”
It grew colder as night fell. Kiya pulled a blanket from her bag and huddled beneath it. The rocking of the barge upon the water was like a cradle and, despite the raucous songs emanating from the crew, she slept.

Chapter Five: A Perilous Journey
The next day, Kiya woke to see no sign of escarpments. All around lay farmland, with the distant gleam of streams and lakes. The Nile, itself, had changed from being a great waterway to a mere river.
Soon the journey would end and she would be at the mercy of her aunt. Ramala had often spoken of her younger sister, the one who had stayed at home in Ankhis. But Kiya had never met Laylos and there had been no way to forewarn her. Now that the end of her journey was in sight, Kiya’s misgivings loomed ever larger. Supposing her aunt was away or refused to offer sanctuary? How would she get back to Thebes without money for the fare?
“It’s time to get ready, Kiya. We have reached the delta.” Pepi came towards her, treading the narrow walkway along the edge of the barge. Despite his bulbous stomach, he was as sure-footed as a stork.
“Why has the Nile become so narrow?” asked Kiya.
“It splits as it nears the sea,” said Pepi. “We are sailing down one of the branches and will reach Qato soon.”
“Thank you for giving me a lift.” Kiya smiled up at him, conscious of how much she relied on his good will.
He did not return her smile. “Your father is very persuasive but, I fear, misguided. Peasants should stay in the place of birth ordained by the gods. Travelling is for merchants and those on the King’s business, not for a girl like you.” He looked at her with suspicion. “Why is Teos so anxious for you to leave Thebes? Have you stolen from the temple?” His eyes moved downwards to where her bag lay upon the sacks. “Is there treasure hidden in that luggage of yours?” Pepi grabbed the bag and rummaged through it, then he threw it back down with a dismissive grunt.
“No of course not!” Kiya’s mind was in a whirl. The greed of the man was evident from the way he had searched her belongings. If she told him the truth – that she was escaping from the temple guards, he might capture her in hopes of a reward. “I merely wish to visit my aunt.”
He shrugged, unconvinced. “Whatever the reason for your journey, I made an agreement with Teos and will honour it.” He turned and walked back to the crew.
Kiya looked after him in dismay. What price that agreement if Pepi had found stolen treasure in her bag? She suspected that she would have been thrown into the Nile with her throat cut.
She had never felt so alone as she packed the remains of her food, the empty flask of beer and her rug into the bag. A longing for her parents overwhelmed her and she brushed away the tears of homesickness.
The barge rounded a curve in the river and was steered towards a group of houses on a raised part of the bank. As they drew near Kiya saw that the hamlet was very different from the villages of the upper Nile. The houses were low as if built for dwarves and had smooth, white-washed walls, instead of the rough brickwork of home. A man emerged from one of the houses. Kiya was surprised to see he was of normal size and wondered how he could stand upright in such a building.
When the man saw the approaching boat he turned and called out. His words were indistinguishable from such a distance, but Kiya assumed he was calling his friends, for more men appeared. They looked a rough lot, ill-shaven and with ragged tunics. Some followed the man to the jetty towards which the boat was headed. Others went to a group of oxcarts which were waiting in the sparse shade of an acacia thicket. The oxen stood with their heads bowed and took no notice of the sudden activity.
“Throw the ropes! Pull!” Pepi shouted orders while the villagers grabbed ropes thrown at them by the crew. “Gently – you don’t want to overturn us!”
The men hauled the boat sideways and secured it to the landing stage. A gangplank was lowered and Pepi turned to Kiya.
“Wait over there, girl, out of our way.” He indicated a rack of fishing nets, which were drying in the sun.
Kiya picked up her bag and hurried to the nets. They stank of rotting fish and she sat down, drawing her cloak around her and burying her nose in the material, trying to block out the smell.
More men from the village ran past, eager to help with the unloading. She was aware of their curious glances and felt nervous. Soon, even the fragile protection offered by Pepi would be gone. How foolhardy it had been for her to travel on her own. And yet what other choice was there? There was more danger in Thebes then on the road to Ankhis.
A busy scene unfolded before her. Men carried heavy sacks of flax down the gangplank, while Pepi stood on shore, directing the number piled into each cart.
Kiya feared that in all the bustle he might forget about her but, when he had finished paying the villagers, he beckoned her over to one of the carts.
“Murham, here, will make sure you get to Ankhis safely,” he said and he handed the ox-cart driver two copper rings. “Come on, Kiya, let me help you up.” Pepi put his hands around her waist and lifted her onto the tailgate with the brusque efficiency of a man handling a piece of merchandise. Then he passed up her bag. “If you see Teos again, tell him I fulfilled my obligation.”
“I will,” promised Kiya. She wondered whether to smile and thank him but he turned abruptly away and headed back to his men.
The road to Ankhis was a rutted dirt track and Kiya felt bruised all over by the lurching of the cart. To add to the discomfort of the ride, she didn’t like the appearance of Murham. At one point he peered over his shoulder and gave Kiya a leering smile, revealing teeth that were worn down nearly to the gums.
“You’re a pretty, little thing to be travelling on your own.”
“My aunt is meeting me in Ankhis,” lied Kiya.
“It’s a dangerous journey for a young girl.”
Kiya said nothing. Murham shrugged and returned to his task. Kiya was aware of his broad shoulders and muscular arms. Please, Horus, don’t let him attack me, she prayed.
The trip seemed to take forever. Indeed, Kiya feared that they were not heading for Ankhis at all and that she was being kidnapped. She was starting to wonder at what point she should jump from the cart, when it stopped.
“Here we are,” said Murham. He climbed down from his seat and stretched luxuriously, straightening his back with a satisfied grunt.
Kiya looked around. The village was smaller than she had expected - just a cluster of buildings at a cross roads, grouped around a central square of beaten earth.
“Let me help you down.” Murham had come to the back of the cart and now offered his hand. She took it and he squeezed her fingers with unwelcome intimacy as he assisted her descent.
He pulled her bag down from the cart. “Which is your aunt’s house?” he said, as he handed it to her. She hesitated and he frowned. “Well?”
“None of them,” she admitted.
His frown turned into a scowl. “None of them? I was told to take you to Ankhis. What’s going on? Is your aunt really expecting you?”
“Hello there!” A man emerged from an alleyway between the buildings. “Is anything the matter?”
“No, thank you,” Kiya said and turned to the driver. “You may leave now. Goodbye.”
“I could do with a drink of beer,” he said. “Surely your aunt would not deny me that? It has been a long drive.”
“No!” said Kiya.
Murham glared at her and then at the newcomer, who was a large man with a florid complexion. “A curse upon you and your aunt,” he growled.
Kiya watched with relief as the angry driver climbed back into his cart and flicked the reins so the oxen lumbered away.
“We do not have many visitors in Ankhis.” The man had left the shadow of the building and was coming towards her. “Can I offer assistance?” His expression showed more curiosity than friendliness.
“No! - Thank you.” Kiya was determined to finish the journey on her own. She picked up her bag and surveyed the four roads that led from the square. Down one was the glint of water. She had been told her aunt lived in a garden beside the Nile, so she ignored the man and took the path to the river.

Chapter Six: A Reluctant Aunt
As Kiya hastened along the riverside path, the wind blew, rustling the reeds. Several times she glanced around, frightened that the man might be following her. It was getting late. Back at the temple they would be preparing for the Dance of Safe Passage.
Memories of Anubis came flooding back. Gods and monsters were as much part of the world as mortal man. What terrors might be stalking her through the reed beds or beneath the gurgling waters of the Nile? She was no longer walking now, but running. With increasing despair she wondered if she had taken a wrong turning and would never find her aunt’s house.
Then there it was - exactly as her mother had described it, standing alone on a hillock and surrounded by a tall stockade of reeds.
Kiya hurried to the gate, and shouted, “Hello!” The gate was too high for her to look over and she waited impatiently for her aunt’s response. There was no answer. Was Laylos not there? “Hello!” She shouted again so loudly that she feared her voice could be heard in Ankhis.
The twittering birds fell silent, the world seemed to hold its breath then, at last, a woman’s voice answered. “Go away! It’s too late in the day to buy medicines.”
“I have no need for medicines,” shouted Kiya. “I am your niece, Kiya. I have come to see you.”
After a pause, the door opened and Laylos peered out. “Kiya? What are you doing here?”
Kiya felt joy at the sight of her, she looked so like her mother. The same wide-set brown eyes, the same long lashes, the same pale skin, but Laylos was fat, like a cow, while Ramala was as slender as a fawn.
“I have come to visit you, Aunt Laylos. There has been a problem at home.”
Laylos frowned. “What has happened? Is my sister ill? You had better come in.” She ushered Kiya into an enclosed garden, in the centre of which was a small house shaded by acacia and juniper trees. An awning stretched between the building and trees to the front. “What is wrong? How did you get here? Did you travel on your own?” Laylos’s questions continued then, at last, paused long enough for Kiya to answer.
“I have come alone. It has been a difficult journey and I may have to stay with you for a while.”
“I do not know,” Laylos shook her head and Kiya feared the worst. “This is very inconvenient. What is going on? Why is it not safe for you at home?” Tiredness and her aunt’s lack of welcome combined to bring tears to Kiya’s eyes. Laylos was contrite. “I am sorry, child, please stop crying. Come into the house and I will find you a cloth to wipe away those tears.”
Kiya followed her inside and had to stoop to get through the doorway. In the gloom of the interior she saw that the floor had been lowered by a cubit.
“Mind the steps” called out Laylos, who had crossed to the kitchen area, where the delicious aroma of duck stew emanated from a pot, bubbling on the fire pit.
Kiya blinked away her tears and carefully negotiated the two steps that led down to the beaten-earth floor. She straightened up and was relieved that she was able to stand tall, without fear of banging her head on the ceiling. The room was small - even smaller than the living room of her parents home. It was lined with shelves bearing boxes and jars. More jars stood upon the kitchen counter plus stacks of papyrus paper and small earthenware pots. Kiya could understand her aunt’s reluctance to host a visitor in such a cramped and untidy home. Kiya watched Laylos search through the clutter on the counter. Her aunt found a scrap of linen, which she handed to Kiya.
“There you are, my dear. Now, wipe your eyes, blow your nose and no more upsets. You must be hungry after such a trip. Why don’t we have supper? There’s plenty in the pot for two.”
Kiya wiped away her tears and began to feel more cheerful. “Yes, thank you. I am starving.”
Laylos took a bowl from the shelves below the table and handed it to Kiya. “I should have some bread somewhere,” she said, peering around the kitchen. “Ah, there it is.” She spooned stew into Kiya’s bowl, then broke the bread in half and placed it on top. “We will sit outside. Pour yourself a goblet of beer to take with you.”
Kiya helped herself from the flagon and took the goblet and bowl into the garden. A rolled-up mattress lay against the wall of the house under the awning. She sat down upon it and, without waiting for her aunt to join her, she put her goblet down on the ground and started to eat.
Laylos carried out her supper and sat on the mattress beside her. “My, my, you are a hungry girl! I always eat out here because the table is covered in my medicines. I will have to get organised now that you have come to stay.”
Kiya felt as if a weight had been lifted at these words. “Thank you, Laylos. I was worried you might turn me away.”
“Turn you away?” Her aunt stared at her in astonishment. “Why would I turn away my own niece? You can stay as long as you need to, my dear. What a pretty girl you have become - just like Ramala. Now tell me why you have had to leave home.”
While Kiya ate, she described being sacrificed to Anubis and how her father had saved her. “I cannot be allowed such forbidden knowledge, which is why I seek sanctuary with you, dear Aunt.”
“Are you sure you were not dreaming?” It took many questions before Laylos could believe that the god who guarded men’s souls after death was capable of devouring their bodies.
A brief sunset had darkened into night and Kiya shivered in the cooling air.
“It’s time for bed,” said Laylos. “Though whether I shall sleep after hearing such terrible things...”
She collected the empty dishes and took them into the house. Then she came out and unrolled the mattress. It was more than wide enough for two people. Kiya lay on the mattress while her aunt went indoors to collect the bedding. After the strain of the journey it was a pleasure to relax upon its softness and let the stress leave her body. She was half asleep when her aunt covered her with a duvet.
“Good night. Sleep well,” Laylos said. The mattress sagged as she lay down next to Kiya.
“Good night, Laylos, and thank you.”

Chapter Seven: A New World
The next day, Kiya woke to the sound of drumming on the awning. She opened her eyes and saw fine rods of water descending upon the garden. Excitedly, she leapt from her bed, ran from the shelter and stood with her face lifted to the sky. Rain pattered onto her skin and trickled down her neck, dampening her hair and soaking the shift in which she had slept.
Laylos sat up, rubbing her eyes. “For Thoth’s sake, child. What are you doing?” she demanded.
“Is this rain? I have heard of such a thing, but I have never seen it before!” Kiya raised her arms and pirouetted between the flowerbeds.
“How fortunate,” said Laylos drily. “One good rain storm and the mud-brick houses of Thebes would be washed away.” She rose from the bed and started to fold the duvet. “Now come back and change into dry clothing before you catch a chill.”
Kiya skipped into the house and unpacked her spare shift from the travelling bag. She returned, changed and dry, in time to help Laylos roll the mattress.
After breakfast, Laylos cleared a space on the kitchen counter and unrolled a ragged-looking scroll. “Your great grandmother’s book of spells has been a source of income for three generations. Each medication needs a different hieroglyph to make it work.” Kiya watched her aunt bend over and pick up a reed-pen. She dipped it into a container of ink and selected a scrap of parchment from a nearby pile. “It is important to copy the pattern of the spell exactly, otherwise the medication will not work.”
Kiya was impressed, she had never seen anyone but a scribe write before. She watched as Laylos copied several spells from the scroll onto small squares of parchment. Her aunt did this slowly and with intense concentration, the top of her tongue protruding slightly from between her lips. When she had finished, she straightened up with a satisfied sigh.
“Now, while we wait for the ink to dry, you can help me pack jars and packets of medicine to take to market.” Laylos indicated rows of large storage jars upon shelves set against the walls. “These are dried plants from my garden. Fenugreek, to ease the pangs of childbirth, caraway for digestion, henna for skin conditions, hibiscus for coughs and coriander for aching joints.” She pointed to each jar in turn and then smiled at Kiya. “Don’t look so worried, child, you will soon become familiar with the properties of herbs.”
Following Laylos’s instructions, Kiya folded parchment into envelopes which Laylos filled with ingredients and then attached an appropriate spell. Some of the jars contained pills, some dried leaves, some seeds, some waxes and liquids. These last were poured into small earthenware bottles. Soon Laylos’s basket was full.
“Well done, Kiya, that took a shorter time than usual. Would you like to accompany me to Ankhis? The rain has stopped and a walk would do you good.”
Kiya shook her head. “I’m still tired after the journey. I would rather stay here, if I may, Aunt.”
Laylos smiled and picked up the basket of medicines. “Certainly, whatever you feel is best. I will be back at lunchtime.”
After Laylos left, Kiya tidied the house as best she could. Her travel cloak and shift needed to be washed so she picked up a leather bucket and went to the river to fetch water for the trough. She was pleased to see that a shaduf stood beside the river bank. Its counterweighted boom made lifting water from the Nile easy. The hard part of the task was carrying the full bucket across the path and up the mound to the garden.
Kiya was going back for a second bucketful when she noticed someone on the riverside pathway. Far away, a tall, graceful woman walked towards her with an unhurried stride. Kiya decided to wait until she passed and returned to the garden. She was about to shut the door of the stockade when a disdainful voice asked, “Are you the dancing girl?”
Kiya gave a start. How had the woman reached her so quickly? “W-What dancing girl?” she stammered.
The woman glowered. “Do not trifle with me, girl. I am looking for the dancing girl, Kiya, from the Ipet-Isut Temple.” A strong, sweet scent of new-mown hay filled the air and Kiya saw that the coils on either side of the woman’s head were not hair, but horns.
With a chill of fear she cried, “Go away!” She tried to push the door shut, but the woman thrust it open with a single hand.
“Your power has made you insolent,” she said.
“What power?” sobbed Kiya. “I have no power. I am just a girl.”
“You have power over Anubis,” said the woman. “You seduced him and he can think of nothing but you.”
Kiya’s heart beat faster and her cheeks grew hot.
“Ah, you blush. You wicked girl! How dare you presume to love an immortal?”
Kiya lowered her eyes and stood silent, wishing her beating heart would slow.
“He should have devoured you while the hunger was upon him, but you escaped and your magic worked upon his susceptible heart. I am pleased you left Thebes. Can I tell him that you will never return?”
Kiya’s mind was in a whirl. Anubis was in love with her? Was it possible? One thing was certain, she could never promise to stay away from her birthplace. She shook her head.
“How dare you defy me! Do you know who I am?”
Kiya raised her eyes and saw that, where once the woman had horns, she now had the head of a cow. “Hathor!” She fell to her knees and prostrated herself before the goddess.
“That’s better,” said Hathor. “Come, girl, let us take a walk along the river.”
Kiya rose to her feet. She must not be seen talking to an immortal, such a privilege was for priests alone. “It would be safer to stay in the garden,” she said. “Someone might recognise you.”
The cow’s eyes blazed. “Do you still seek to defy me, dancing girl?”
“No, no!” Kiya assured her, and she followed Hathor out of the stockade. A group of fishermen was walking along the riverbank towards them. Kiya glanced at Hathor and was relieved to see that she was once more in the guise of a woman - even the horns had gone. But for the strong scent of hay that still infused the air around her, she appeared to be an ordinary mortal.
“Do not flatter yourself that you are the first,” said Hathor. “No good ever came of such a liaison.”
A liaison? Kiya’s heart soared. Was it possible for her to be in a relationship with Anubis? “How can such a thing be? If we became close he would eat me.”
Hathor gave a sharp laugh. “The hunger for sustenance is nothing compared to the longing of the soul.”
“You are right,” said Kiya, “for my soul longs to be with him.”
“Foolish, headstrong girl,” said Hathor. “What can you hope to gain from this. You will jeopardise you immortal ka for what? As the years pass by, and you become old, there will be nothing but betrayal and loneliness.”
“I don’t care,” said Kiya, for the days of her youth seemed never ending.
“I give you one last chance to heed my warning and promise not to go back.”
Kiya shook her head. “I cannot. But why does it matter? Surely, if you have been able to find me so can Anubis.”
“Your ignorance knows no bounds, dancing girl. Know this - Anubis is a prisoner. The Sacred Lake is an opening to the Other World. He is allowed to leave the lake once a month when the moon is full. What kind of life do you imagine you can have with him?”
The fishermen were close and Kiya lowered her voice. “I am grateful that you have told me so much.”
“You will obey me now?”
“I cannot.”
The fishermen were level with them and drew to one side to allow them to pass. One of them gasped and pointed at Hathor. The others flung themselves to the ground. Kiya spun around and saw that her companion had changed back into a woman with a cow’s head.
“Goodbye, Kiya,” she said, and disappeared. For a moment the scent of sweet hay lingered and then it was borne away on the breeze and Kiya stood surrounded by worshipping fishermen.
One of them raised his head. “Where is the goddess?” he said.
“She has gone,” said Kiya. And left me in a difficult situation, she thought.
“Are you a goddess?” asked another fisherman.
“No,” said Kiya. She tried to return to the stockade but they blocked her way.
“But we witnessed you talking to Hathor,” said the first man, who seemed to be their leader. “We must take you to the Nome Lord.”
“No!” protested Kiya, “I must get home.” She tried to push through them but they would not let her pass. “Please! My aunt will be worried.”
“Perhaps we should release her,” said one of the younger men, moved by Kiya’s distress.
There was a murmur of agreement but the leader held up his hand to quell the unease. “Massui is a wealthy man and will reward us if we bring him a girl who has spoken with Hathor.”
The thought of money overcame any qualms and two of the men seized Kiya’s arms with painful force. As they marched her back along the path towards the village, the group discussed how much the reward might be and how they would share it.
When they reached Ankhis, Kiya’s heart lifted. Shopkeepers were at their counters, perhaps one of them would save her. “Help me!” she called out as she was dragged through the square.
All eyes turned to stare at the fishermen. “Where are you taking the girl?” asked a man.
“To the Nome Lord, Massui the Priest,” said the leader of the fishermen. “He will reward us well when we tell him what we have seen.”
Massui’s name had an effect on the villagers. They lowered their eyes and turned away.
“Help me, please!” cried Kiya again but none of them intervened as the group crossed the square and left the village.

Chapter Eight: Massui the Priest
Kiya stopped struggling and walked in the midst of her captors. The sun-god, Ra, was riding high in the sky and her shadow was a pool of darkness at her feet. Every step took her further into the gloom of the unknown and her heart, which had so recently soared with happiness, was now heavy with anxiety. Laylos would soon return home - what would she think when she found her missing?
“Let me go! My aunt will be worried about me.” She tried to stop, but they dragged her by the arms, forcing her to keep up.
She looked for someone who might come to her aid, but the countryside was sparsely inhabited. On either side stretched fields of stubble, dotted by farm buildings. A few people worked on the land but they were far away and showed no interest in the passing fishermen.
Upon the road was a peasant, walking towards them, a reaping hook over his shoulder. Kiya waited until he drew aside to allow the group to pass and then cried, “Help me!”
She was rewarded by a painful tug on her arm and a look of blank indifference from her hoped-for rescuer. After that, Kiya gave up. Fear hung like a pall over Gesem and she knew that any strangers they might encounter would not dare to intervene.
The road stretched onwards for what seemed like an eternity. Few trees offered shade and Kiya was so tired and thirsty that, despite her apprehension, she was almost pleased when the leader announced journey’s end.
“There is Massui’s palace,” he said, pointing towards an island of greenery.
Kiya raised her head and could make out a large building set in a garden of trees and shrubs. To her agitated mind, it looked like a great, white lion crouched, ready to devour her.
The fishermen hauled Kiya through the gardens, towards a flight of stone steps leading up to the entrance. Two guards blocked the doorway with crossed spears.
“What do you want?” asked one.
“Sir, we bring this woman to Massui the Priest,” said the fishermen’s leader.
The soldier looked Kiya up and down with disdainful eyes. “And why would my master be interested in such a girl?”
“We discovered her talking to Hathor.”
The others chorused their agreement and the guards uncrossed their spears.
"Do not waste his Lordship’s time with foolish stories,” said one of the soldiers, as the group filed past him. “If you lie, Massui will have your tongues slit.”
“And you will be thrown into the scorpion pit,” added his companion, with a laugh.
With these warnings in their ears, the fishermen entered nervously, crouched down, ready to bow. Kiya walked in their midst and felt the menace of the building. Squat pillars supported the low ceiling of the main hall. The walls were coloured in flat shades of ochre unadorned by murals. Light from the high windows made barred shadows on the floor like a prison. Kiya shivered despite the heat.
There was a throne on a dais at the far end of the room. As they approached, Kiya saw that it was made of ebony and carved into an elaborate pattern of intertwining serpents. Topaz and carnelian gem stones represented their eyes. She waited with the fishermen before the throne and looked more closely at the carvings. These were not the snakes of rebirth and protection but more like the demon Apep, snarling and aggressive. Within their open mouths ivory fangs were erect and ready to strike.
A door in the wall at the back of the dais opened and a huge man appeared, outlined by the flickering, red light behind him. He stepped forwards and Kiya knew by his priestly robes that this must be Massui. A dark shadow drifted through the door after the priest and the scent of frankincense filled the air. Kiya was more fearful than ever. An immortal had entered the room. But who? She stared beyond Massui to the shadow and watched as it merged with the dimness behind the throne.
“Come, come!” The priest beckoned to the fishermen. “What is it you want of me?”
“Sir, my Lord, we bring you this girl. We witnessed her talking to the goddess Hathor.” The leader’s voice cracked with nerves.
Massui frowned. “When was this?”
“This morning, my Lord, on the path beside the Nile.”
“What nonsense!” The priest’s frown deepened. “What made you think her companion was Hathor?”
The fishermen cringed, terrified by Massui's displeasure. Their leader managed to continue speaking. “This girl was talking to a woman with the head of a cow. We prostrated ourselves in worship, but when we raised our eyes the goddess was gone.”
Massui glared at Kiya and his sour expression deepened. “Tell me, girl, what did the goddess say to you?”
Kiya hesitated. If she denied meeting Hathor, the fishermen would have their tongues slit and no man deserved such a fate. “She bid me good day, my Lord,” she said.
“Nothing more? No prophesy? No words of wisdom?” Kiya shook her head. “With so little said, it seems a poor sort of meeting.” The priest paused and leant back in his chair. The shadow-figure behind him drifted forwards. The priest nodded and rose to his feet. “Stand away from the girl,” he commanded the fishermen.
What is happening? thought Kiya. What did the shadow say to Massui? Am I to be killed?
Massui came to the front of the dais, took something from the purse around his waist and threw it to the floor. Kiya stared – it was a snake made from wax. The priest muttered an incantation and, to Kiya’s horror, the snake came alive. She recognised an asp - one of the deadliest of serpents. Its fangs dripped venom as it lunged towards her. Kiya screamed and flung herself backwards, half-fainting with shock. The priest laughed as she lay sprawled on the ground.
“She certainly is no immortal!” He picked up the snake, which shrank into its waxen form. “What is your name, girl?”
Kiya stayed silent, not wanting to reveal such precious information to a magician. One of the fishermen said, “The goddess called her Kiya.”
Massui turned to him and said, “You did right to bring this girl to me.” He gestured towards a pillar and a servant came forwards from the shadows holding a leather purse. “A silver money ring for each of you,” said the priest. “And if anyone comes looking for this girl, deliver them to me.”
“Yes, my Lord.” The fishermen bowed up and down like geese upon the mudflats, their relief palpable. The servant put a money ring into each of their outstretched hands.
“Thank you, my Lord. Thank you.”
It was probably more money than any would make in a month, thought Kiya as she watched them hurry from the hall. And yet at what cost was it earned? Their avarice had placed her in deadly peril.
“What are we going to do with you, Kiya?” Massui’s voice drew her attention back. He sat on the throne and no longer appeared disdainful, but grinned, enjoying her predicament. “The gods dislike mortals who lie. I want to know exactly what passed between you and Hathor.”
“She said…” Kiya paused, wondering how much of the conversation to reveal. “She said I should stay away from Thebes.”
“Why?”
“She said I was unwelcome there.”
“Hmmm! So Hathor wants you gone, eh?”
“Yes,” said Kiya.
“How fortunate. Soon it will be time for the priests of Crocopolis to pay tribute to the children of Sobek. Each nome must send an offering and what better choice than you, a girl who speaks with gods.”
“No!” cried Kiya. She glanced desperately to left and right and noticed a youth half-hidden behind one of the pillars. He had been staring at her but, when she caught his eye, he withdrew. “Help me!” cried Kiya, but she spoke to empty air.
“There is no one to help you here,” said the priest. “It is an honour to be thrown to the jewelled crocodiles of the Temple of Sobek. Only by making such a sacrifice can we ensure the floods of Akhet. Guards!” His sudden shout startled Kiya and she spun around to see two men march towards her.
“Have mercy!” she cried, but Massui shook his head.
“You play a dangerous game, Kiya. Only priests can talk with gods. Be grateful that your fate is not worse.” The guards seized her by the arms. “Take her to the confinement room and lock her in.” Kiya tried to struggle but the powerful soldiers lifted her feet from the floor and hurried her away.

Chapter Nine: Spy Holes
Kiya was hauled down the hall, through a door, across a courtyard and into a small room, where she was flung onto a bed. Without a word, the guards left, shutting the door behind them.
Kiya lay, clutching her bruised arms and listened to the thud of heavy bolts. Light entered through narrow slits above the door. They were too small even for her slender figure. She was trapped.
After a few minutes, Kiya heard bolts drawn back. The door opened and a guard put a tray on the floor. On it were half a loaf and a jug of beer. He said nothing and left, securing the door behind him.
Kiya sat up - at least they were not going to let her starve. She picked up the tray and put it on her lap. The bread was stale but she was hungry enough to finish it and thirsty enough to drink the watery beer. While she ate, she examined the room. A crudely-fashioned mural decorated the back wall. In the dim light she could see little but a winged snake.
Curious, she put the tray aside and rose to her feet. When she neared the mural, she discerned a figure standing upon the serpent’s back. Her heart jumped when she thought she recognised Anubis. On closer inspection, the picture of her beloved god proved to be wrong in its details. The ears were not pointed, but chopped flat at the top. The muzzle was not straight, but curved. The head was not that of a jackal, but of a desert fox, a sly creature that lived in the ever-changing borderlands between desert and valley. With a sense of disappointment, Kiya realised that the rider was not Anubis but Seth, the Lord of Chaos, riding a storm serpent in one of his many incarnations.
She stood before the painting and longed for Anubis. Dreamily she raised her arms outwards and upwards in graceful arch. She remained motionless for a moment, then lowered her arms again, her fingers bent back, stroking the air. The rest of her body joined in the Dance of Seduction. As the movements progressed, she relaxed into a trance-like state, so well known had the routine become. She curved her spine and languorously moved her hands down her stomach, then flung back her head in simulated ecstasy. One, two three, she counted the seconds as she held the pose. Her face was inches from the painted head of Seth, when she saw his eye blink! She froze, the dance forgotten - there was an eyehole in the wall!
“Who’s there?” she shouted.
A hidden door within the wall opened and a figure stood in the darkness with his finger to his lips. “Shush,” he said.
He stepped forwards and she recognised the youth she had noticed in the hall. He was older than she had thought and tall enough to fill the doorway. He was also handsome with thick, dark hair and a fine nose.
“How dare you spy on me!” she hissed.
“I was not spying,” he said, affronted. “This passageway is to allow the guards to check upon prisoners. I was just making sure you are not hurt.”
“My performance is for the eyes of the gods alone.”
He nodded. “I believe it. I have never seen a woman dance in such a way.”
“You shouldn’t have watched,” she said, annoyed by the gleam in his eyes. “What are you doing here? Have you come to rescue me? You had better get on with it before the real guards come.”
He shook his head. “It would be too dangerous. I just came to look at you. You are very beautiful.”
“So you were spying on me! If you are not here to help then go away.”
He looked anguished. “If you are sent to Crocopolis you will be killed.”
“Then help me escape." She sensed him hesitate and added in a brusque voice, "And hurry up about it.”
He blinked and then bowed to her command. “I will help you, though I risk my life to do so. We must be quiet.” He stepped back into the passageway and beckoned to Kiya to follow. Then he shut and bolted the door behind them.
It was dark in the corridor and narrow. When Kiya stretched out her hands, she could feel a rough wall on either side. The youth moved swiftly. The sound of his footsteps was soon well ahead, leaving Kiya struggling to keep up. After a while, the passage bent and Kiya stopped, confused by the sudden change of direction. She was going to follow the muffled footsteps of her rescuer, but she heard a voice and realised that there was a branch leading another way.
“I sense something strange about the girl.” The utterance was as harsh and dry as a desert wind. “She was aware of my presence in the hall. Her eyes were upon me as I hid, a shadow among the shadows. How is that possible?”
Kiya stared in the direction of the sound and saw a tiny beam of reddish light shafting through the darkness. She crept towards it and hesitated. The light was coming through an eyehole but she was frightened to look in case she was discovered. Faintly, above the dank smell of the passage, she was aware of the scent of Frankincense.
“Why wait for the sacrifice, Lord Seth?” said a voice she recognised as Massui’s. “Perhaps we should kill her at once.”
Kiya was horrified. The immortal she had sensed in the hall was the most feared of all the gods, the master of darkness and chaos. She might have known that a tyrant like Massui would worship a devil.
“Really, Massui, your blood lust is becoming a liability,” drawled Seth. “I will leave to make enquiries. Meanwhile, a session in the pit should extract information. I do not want her slain – yet.”
With bated breath, Kiya stepped forwards to hear more - and was yanked away by the arm!
“Come on!” hissed the youth. She allowed herself to be dragged down the corridor until, eventually, he let her go and she followed him, rubbing her bruises and wishing that men in general – the fishermen, the guards and now him - would treat her arms more gently.
The passageway sloped downwards, along, then upwards once more. Kiya wondered where the youth was leading her, when he stopped and she bumped into him.
“Clumsy fool,” he growled.
“I can see nothing,” she protested.
“Wait there.” Seconds later a trap door above their heads opened and daylight flooded into the passage. Kiya saw that the youth was half way up a ladder. “Come on, quickly!” he said.
She watched him climb out of the opening and then followed. Grass formed a thick fringe around the hole and, as Kiya's head rose above it, she observed that they were in the garden, their escape hidden from the house by bushes. She scrambled out and took a deep breath of fresh air.
“Thank you.” She smiled at the youth, but he was angry.
“You should have followed me, like I told you,” he said. “Why did you have to spy on my father? You could have got us both into trouble.”
“I’m sorry. Is your father Massui?” He seemed too gentle to have such a lineage.
“Yes. I am Dennu.” He paused as if expecting a response but, as she had never heard of him, she was uncertain what to say. His frown deepened. “Father will be furious if he discovers that I have helped you escape. You must go!” He pointed towards the road that led back to Ankhis.
Kiya gazed at the reddening sky. “It will soon be dark. Can I stay in the garden until morning?”
“No! When they discover you have escaped, they will think you used witchcraft and you will be killed at once if you are caught.”
It was all too much for Kiya, she dreaded facing the perils of the night, and yet how much more fearful were the dangers of the palace? She began to cry. She tried to wipe her tears away but they rolled down her cheeks as she sobbed.

Chapter Ten: The Magic Donkey
“Stop, please.” Dennu sounded distressed and she felt his arm around her shoulders. “I am sorry I upset you. Look there is a way.”
Through a haze of tears she watched him reach into his belt pouch and pull out a lump of wax. With nimble fingers, he fashioned it into a toy donkey, so small that it stood on the palm of his hand. Kiya, who had seen Massui’s magic, stared in disbelief. Surely this youngster did not think he could animate such a crude model?
He put the donkey on the ground and murmured an incantation too softly for her to hear. To Kiya’s amazement, the replica grew to life size. It became flesh and blood and stood, its head bowed, in the patient manner of its kind. Kiya reached out and felt it warm and rough, just like a real animal. It even had a nose ring to which were attached reins.
“What wonderful magic,” she breathed.
The youth was pleased. “I have learnt much by observing my father. Now, ride home quickly. The creature will become wax again in due course. Destroy the model. On no account let anyone see it, or my father will know that I helped you.”
“I promise,” she said.
She had never ridden a donkey before and tried unsuccessfully to mount the animal, without hitching her shift beyond the heights of modesty. He watched her struggle, then put his hands around her waist to lift her high enough to sit sideways on its back. When safely mounted, she leant over and gave him a kiss. He blushed and lowered his eyes. His thick, black lashes shadowed his cheeks, and Kiya reckoned he was a good-looking boy, indeed.
“I hope you are not punished for helping me,” she said and smiled her gratitude.
“Just make sure the model is destroyed.” He sounded abrupt, and gave no answering smile, but climbed back into the passage without a backward look. The trap door shut behind him and became invisible among the long grasses that surrounded and covered it.
Kiya sat on the donkey, half expecting its legs to buckle beneath her weight like the wax that had made them. It stood firm, so she gathered up the reins and turned her mount’s head towards the road. In her desire to get moving, she kicked its sides so vigorously that she almost unbalanced. The beast flickered its ears, like any normal donkey, and set off.
They crossed the lawn and turned onto the road. Kiya kicked the donkey again to urge it into a trot. The animal did not flinch but continued to walk, as if its pace was set by the magic that had created it. The slow progress of the donkey frustrated Kiya. If they were pursued by Massui’s horsemen there would be no hope of escape. She kicked the donkey once more, wishing it would hasten. Laylos would have discovered she was missing by now. What would her aunt think when she came back to an empty house? The sooner she was home and the donkey safely hidden in the compound, the better.
The journey continued at a sedate pace and more worries besieged Kiya. What if she met the fishermen on the road - would they try to capture her once more? Lengthening shadows heralded the approach of night and she feared she might not reach Ankhis before dark. The donkey plodded on, oblivious to the frustration of its rider. As they neared the village, it slowed down and came to a stop.
Kiya dismounted and pulled at the donkey’s reins. “Come on,” she urged. The animal stared at her with blank eyes and stayed still.
Ra’s chariot had almost descended to the Underworld, soon it would be night. Kiya looked around and saw that they had just passed a clump of palms that might hide a tethered donkey.
She wrapped her arms around the animal’s chest and lifted its front legs from the ground. The creature was heavy and its rear legs dug shallow grooves in the road as she dragged it towards the trees. They had gone but a few cubits when the donkey coughed. Kiya released it and the beast stood looking at her, the spark of animation once more in its eyes.
"We must get home," she urged and tried to lead it towards the village. But after a few steps, the donkey again halted, blocked by an invisible barrier. Kiya stared in silent entreaty at the unresponsive animal then decided she could waste no more time. With a strength fuelled by desperation she dragged the donkey away from the village.
When it reanimated, she took the reins and led it down into the dry irrigation ditch that bordered the road. It showed no resistance but seemed half asleep as she tied it to the trunk of one of the trees.
"Stay there. I will be back in the morning."
The first stars were appearing in the sky by the time Kiya returned to Ankhis. The square was deserted, so Kiya hitched her shift above her knees and ran down the path and along the riverbank until she reached her aunt’s house.
The stockade door was bolted, but Laylos opened it at once to her knocking. “Where have you been, Kiya?” She was as angry as Kiya had feared. “How dare you put me through so much worry?"
"I was kidnapped by fishermen."
"Kidnapped by fishermen?" Laylos's annoyance changed to concern. “The rascals, why would they do such a thing? How did you escape?” She put an arm around Kiya and led her to the rolled mattress to sit down. “What happened, my dear?”
Kiya told her aunt of the journey to the Nome Lord's palace and how she had been set free. Laylos was horrified. "You have made an enemy of Massui. Oh, my dear child. You are no longer safe in Gesem, we must get you back to Thebes as soon as possible.”
Kiya agreed, but her concerns were also for her aunt. “What about you, Laylos? Will Massui know I am your niece?”
“If he doesn’t know already, he will discover it soon enough - he has spies everywhere. I will have to come with you.”
“That would be wonderful, Laylos. But what about your home? What about your business? Oh dear, I fear I have brought great trouble upon you.”
“What is there for me in Ankhis? All those I loved have died or gone elsewhere. Having you come and stay with me was a joy. It made me realise how lonely I have become.”
Kiya embraced her aunt. “I love you, Laylos. If we could flee now I would. But the donkey must be destroyed before we go.”
“So be it,” said Laylos. “It would have been foolhardy for us to travel at night, anyway. Two women on their own would be a target for thieves and vagabonds.”
“Even in daylight we may not be safe,” said Kiya.
“Safer than staying here. Let us hope your donkey has turned back to wax by morning. In the meantime, we must eat. I prepared supper long ago but your disappearance ruined my appetite.” Laylos gazed ruefully at Kiya, then went into the house and came out with a tray on which were plates of salted fish and bread plus two goblets of beer.
“I have been thinking that Dennu took a big risk to rescue you,” said Laylos as she placed the tray on the mattress between them. “His father is merciless if he suspects disloyalty.” She took a sip of beer and her eyes became dreamy as she recalled the past. “When I worked at the palace he was a sweet boy with a mop of dark hair and big, round eyes. After his mother died he spent much time in the kitchens, always lurking in the shadows. We did our best to show the boy affection, but we were just servants and powerless to help.”
Gratitude to Dennu filled Kiya’s heart. “He has turned out to be a hero, Laylos. He has become a man of compassion, despite everything. I must make sure Massui never discovers that he has helped me."
“He must also never discover his powers as a magician,” said Laylos.
“Why not?” asked Kiya. “Surely he would be proud of his son.”
Laylos shook her head. “I fear not. He is a cruel and jealous man. He would see Dennu as a threat to his position. There is only room for one magician in Gesem.”
“Oh dear.” Kiya was dismayed. “That makes it doubly important to destroy the donkey.” She finished her supper and rose to her feet. “I wish I had never left it tied to a tree. Shall I go and try to retrieve it?”
“No. Night has fallen, it is too dangerous to be out. Besides, if it will not move, how can you bring it home?” Laylos rose to her feet and picked up the tray. “We’ll wash the dishes and then you can help me pack my medicines. There is much to be done if we wish to make an early start.”

Chapter Eleven: A Mystery Solved
At dawn Kiya and Laylos left the compound. They had not yet breakfasted and munched on bread and dates as they hurried down the riverside path. The world was perfect at this time of day, the air fresh and cool with a light mist kissing the heads of the papyrus rushes. By the time they neared the village, people were stirring and the smell of baking loaves filled the air. Laylos slowed her pace.
“We must hurry,” said Kiya. “Now that daylight has come the donkey might be noticed.”
“I know. But it would be foolish to attract attention,” Laylos said and led a leisurely stroll through the village.
“Hello, Laylos. Have you come to sell your medicines?” called out the butcher. He was laying meat on the counter in front of his shop and covering it with wetted linen to keep it cool.
“Not today, Janais,” replied Laylos. “But I must thank you for keeping me well supplied with customers for my stomach pills.”
The butcher laughed good-naturedly and turned his attention to Kiya. “I saw you in the village with some fishermen yesterday. We were worried about your welfare.”
Not enough to intervene, thought Kiya. She was anxious to keep going and did not confront him, but merely said, “I was fine.”
There were more greetings and more curious looks at Kiya. Most of the early risers were shopkeepers and had seen her dragged through the square.
“They are cowards, the lot of them,” said Kiya as they left the village.
“They are good people but they hardly know you,” said Laylos. “Why should they risk their lives on your behalf?”
Their pace quickened and Kiya was almost running by the time they reached the grove of palm trees. To her dismay the donkey had gone.
Laylos came panting up, “It must have turned to wax,” she said. With desperate haste, the two of them knelt and searched through the layers of dried palm fronds at the base of the tree.
“I can see no model, the animal must have escaped," said Laylos. “You could not have tied it properly.”
Kiya shook her head. She knew how to secure an animal. “It must be here. Let’s look again.” As they widened their search, they heard distant shouting.
“Something is going on in the village,” said Laylos. “It sounds like trouble.” She got up from her knees. “Let’s go and investigate, it might have something to do with the donkey.”
Kiya was reluctant to abandon the hunt, but she followed her aunt to the village. Within the crowd that had gathered in the square, Kiya saw a man with a donkey. She stared at the animal with a flicker of hope, but it was too large and darkly coloured to be the one she had lost.
“What is going on, Nenwef?” said Laylos as they joined the gathering.
The man with the donkey grinned. “Hello, Laylos. I might have known you would turn up. Fai-Nofre has called a village meeting. He and his barman have arrested someone.” He indicated two men, who held a third between them, his hands tied behind his back.
“What has he done?” asked Laylos.
“I don’t know. I was cutting barley when I saw them passing on the road, so I followed them here."
“Hey, Fai-Nofre,” called Laylos, addressing a small fat man, who Kiya assumed was the innkeeper. “Why is that man under arrest?”
Fai-Nofre ignored her and waited for more to join the throng before announcing in a loud voice, “I want you all to witness that this vagabond exchanged a donkey for a night of feasting and a room at my inn.”
“Not much of a bargain,” said one of the villagers. “It sounds as if Fai-Nofre cheated the vagabond.” There was a smattering of laughter.
“At midnight,” continued the inn keeper, “I went into my yard to give the animal food and water and what did I find?” With a dramatic gesture he held up a wax image of a donkey. “The donkey had disappeared and in its place was this!” The villagers gasped and Kiya groaned as any hope of destroying the figure vanished. “Fortunately, one of Massui’s soldiers was drinking at the bar and promised to report the incident to the priest. Massui will know how to deal with such a man.”
At the sound of the dreaded name, Kiya and Laylos stepped back until they were hidden in the shadow of one of the alleyways.
“How did the traveller steal the donkey?” whispered Kiya. “I couldn’t get it to move.”
“Perhaps it just needed a rest,” said Laylos. “In your impatience to get home you may have abandoned it too readily.”
Guilt hit Kiya. One way or another this was her fault. She should have hidden the donkey better or waited for it to regain its energy. Through a haze of remorse she followed the drama being played out before her.
“No! Don’t involve Massui. Please let me go,” moaned the unfortunate prisoner.
“Can you return my food and drink? Can you pay for the use of my room?”
“If I could pay for your flea-ridden room would I have had to exchange it for a valuable donkey?” said the man with a flash of spirit.
“Valuable, eh?” said Fai-Nofre. “The only way I could get value from this donkey is to stick a wick up its bottom and use it as a candle.” The villagers laughed, but Fai-Nofre’s voice continued angrily. “This is no laughing matter. The performance of magic is forbidden to any but the priests. We will see what Massui has to say about this.”
They did not have to wait long. The sound of galloping hooves, and the jingle of harnesses announced the arrival of chariots. Laylos pushed Kiya behind her so she was blocked further from view. "Massui is driving the first chariot," she hissed. "The other contains soldiers."
Kiya shrank back and raised her head, testing the air for the aroma of frankincense that would reveal the presence of Seth. Apart from the normal smells of the village she could sense nothing.
“Why have you called upon me?” Massui’s voice was harsh.
“This man cheated me,” Fai-Nofre’s indignation fuelled his courage. “I gave him fine food and wine and a bed in my best room in exchange for a donkey. When I looked in my yard the donkey had gone, leaving just this wax model. It’s magic, your Lordship, wicked magic. I am a poor man, I cannot afford to give away my hospitality to such as him.”
“Bring that to me,” said Massui.
“Oh, by Horus! He has got the donkey,” Laylos said over her shoulder. Kiya’s heart sank even further. “He is staring at it and now he has put it into his belt pouch. We are in trouble, I have rarely seen him look so angry.”
“What about the prisoner?” asked Fai-Nofre.
“Death by pressing,” said Massui.
The unfortunate traveller gave a wail of terror. Even Fai-Nofre sounded dismayed. “B-but my Lord. That will not recompense me. I was hoping he might become my slave for a while. A fine, strong…” His voice stuttered into silence.
“My decision has been made,” said Massui. “See to it.”
Kiya heard the grinding of axles and the swish of wheels as a chariot turned and then there was the sound of vanishing hoof beats. She peered around Laylos to see what was happening and hurriedly ducked back into hiding. Massui had gone, but a chariot still stood in the square and four soldiers had taken charge of the prisoner. Emboldened by the departure of Massui, the villagers started to protest.
“Let him go.”
“He has been punished enough.”
“Get out of our way,” said one of the guards. “The sooner we finish the job the less he will suffer.”
Kiya felt Laylos give a start of surprise. “Huy!” she gasped. “Can it really be him?”
The voice continued. “I will hold the prisoner, you get a door, and you two bring the marker stone from over there.”
A soldier with a drawn dagger strode past the entrance to the alley. Kiya stood motionless, fearing discovery, but he was concentrating on his task and glanced neither left nor right. Moments later he returned, dragging a door, its cut leather hinges dangling in the dust.
“Have mercy!” screamed the unfortunate prisoner. Kiya heard the villagers murmur in sympathy but what could they do against armed soldiers?
“Drop that boulder from a height,” commanded Huy. “With any luck it should knock him out.”
A heavy thump was followed by the sound of cracking ribs and a shriek of agony.
Kiya was sickened at having to listen to such suffering. She had heard about pressing. It was a punishment reserved for the very worst of crimes, such as robbing a king’s tomb, and yet the Nomarch of Gesem was using it on a donkey thief. She risked a look and saw the prisoner lying beneath the door, which covered all but his head. A large boulder rested on his chest and soldiers were piling smaller stones around it. Directing operations was an older man. His face was lined and weather-beaten but he was handsome, with a straight nose and a square jaw. A death rattle drew Kiya’s attention back to the execution. A trickle of blood dribbled out of the traveller’s mouth then, shockingly, his eyes opened and stared upwards for a long moment before the light in them faded and the man was truly dead.

Chapter Twelve: A Foolhardy Endeavour
“Come away, Kiya?” She felt her aunt’s arm go around her waist and she was pulled back into hiding. “A young girl should not witness such things.”
They heard Huy give a shouted command followed by the sound of a chariot leaving. There was a long silence and then the horrified murmurings of the villagers.
Laylos peered around the corner of the building. “It’s safe to come out now,” she said to Kiya. “You go home, I have a purchase to make.”
Home? There was no way Kiya was going home - she was desperate to tell Dennu what had happened. “I can’t go home yet, Laylos,” she said. “I will join you as soon as I can.”
“Why, what are you going to do?”
Kiya looked to where the villagers had gathered around the pressing. “If Massui could do that to a donkey thief, then what will he do to Dennu? I must get word to him and explain that it wasn’t my fault the donkey was found. I did my best to hide it.”
“Are you mad? Massui will arrive at the palace long before you can get there.”
“But I swore to destroy the donkey. Dennu took a risk for me and I must do the same for him. I cannot bear him to think badly of me.”
“It’s too dangerous.”
“I will feel guilty forever if I don’t try. I promise to stay safe, Laylos. I know a secret way into Massui’s palace and I will remain hidden.”
Laylos was angry. “If you are not back by the time I am ready, I will leave without you.”
“Yes, I will catch you up.”
Her frown deepened. “Foolish child. Can I say nothing to dissuade you?”
“Nothing,” Kiya said. “I will be fine. Trust me.” Not waiting for further protests, she circled around the scene of torture and hurried away.
Kiya walked rapidly, her mind full of hopes and plans as she tried to block the memory of the pressing. She made faster progress than the day before, when she had been the unwilling captive of fishermen. Then, it had been midday and the sun had sapped the energy of them all. Now, the sun was low, and the road busy with people bringing their wares to Ankhis. Kiya was passed by a donkey laden with wheat and barley and people carrying baskets of vegetables and fruit.
A man, holding four dead ducks strung to a pole, put out a hand to stop her. “Hey, girl! Where are you off to in such a hurry?” She dodged around him, without answering, and hurried onwards, anxious to reach her goal.
When at last Kiya arrived at the garden, she spent precious minutes searching through the long grass for the hidden entrance. With increasing urgency she tore at the tussocks until she felt a hard edge and pulled the trap door open.
The darkness that awaited her made her hesitate. Complete blackness was alien to her - even at night her world was lit by the moon and stars. She took a deep breath and climbed down into the tunnel, feeling for the rungs of the ladder beneath her feet. Reaching up, she closed the door behind her and stood still, listening to the thud of her own heartbeat. Then she crept forwards, one hand in front and the other touching the roughly-hewn side of the passageway. Without Dennu to follow, the darkness was like a blanket, pressing down and stifling her.
The wall veered around a corner and she followed, hoping she was heading towards the confinement room. If Dennu was there, imprisoned and awaiting punishment, she would have a chance to apologise. What if he was not? What if she became lost in a maze of corridors? She fought down panic and continued forwards until she saw a beam of daylight, as thin as a finger, crossing the corridor ahead of her. She put her eye to the hole through which it emerged, and recognised the small room, with its high window and narrow bed. She had found the right place, but any hopes of meeting Dennu evaporated. The room was empty. She knew she should give up and make her escape, but Kiya dreaded facing the terrors of the dark once more. She thrust against the door, willing it to open, but it held firm. Then she remembered that the bolts were on her side. She felt with her fingertips, found them, pulled them back and gently pushed the door ajar.
The sound of voices came from the courtyard. Kiya emerged from the passage, crept across the room and pressed her ear to the gap between the leather hinges of the door. Dennu was speaking. “Forgive me, Father. The girl commanded to me set her free and I was powerless to refuse.”
“Are you saying that Kiya is a witch?" Massui sounded disdainful. "What nonsense! When my soldiers capture her, we will see whether she is a witch or not.”
Kiya peered through the narrow gap and could see Dennu. He knelt in supplication, wearing just a loin cloth and a gold armlet.
Kiya had to strain to hear his words. “Father, I beg of you. Let her be. She is just an ordinary girl and unworthy of your interest.”
"Unworthy is the word. What made you think she would show any gratitude for your treachery?” Massui sneered. “She left the donkey where all could find it. You betrayed me to help the lowest of peasants."
“I’ve not betrayed you, Father. I merely freed a girl of no account. You can easily find another sacrifice to send to Crocopolis.”
“Of course I can find another sacrifice, but where can I find another son? Death is the rightful punishment for a man who rebels against his father.”
Death? Kiya gasped. She could see so little through the gap that she dragged the bed across the floor and stood on it, to look through the small window above the door.
Behind Dennu were two soldiers, standing guard. Before him was Massui, his arms folded as if to form a barrier between them.
“Have mercy, Father. I love you.” Dennu’s distress would melt a heart of stone.
Massui was unmoved. “I assure you, your punishment will be nothing compared to the girl’s. My spies have already located her whereabouts.”
“No!” Dennu’s voice echoed Kiya’s horror.
Massui frowned. “She would be here now, but for the curiosity of Lord Seth. He will not allow me to move against her until he has made enquiries. You have no such protection and must face your punishment. Beat him.”
This last was directed at the two guards, who stepped forwards. One bound Dennu’s wrists in front of him and led him towards a wooden post, which was as tall as a man and as thick as a tree-trunk. The other flexed a long, leather whip. Kiya’ thoughts were like a torrent divided by rock. One part of her mind was impressed by the boy’s dignity. He held his head high and did not struggle against the rough handling of the soldier. The other part was mulling over the implications of her delayed arrest. Why was Seth curious? How long would his protection last? Was Laylos also covered by this temporary reprieve?
Her attention once more concentrated upon Dennu. The guard holding the rope slid it over the top of the post, so Dennu’s arms were on either side. Then he pulled on it, pressing Dennu against the wood until his back was stretched to receive the beating.
Kiya closed her eyes as the whip hit Dennu. She heard the sound of leather against flesh and, when she looked again, she saw a red line disfigure Dennu’s back. Again the whip struck, bruising and tearing his skin, and a ripple of pain spread across his body. The boy never said a word, although after the fifth stroke his legs were buckling, and by the sixth he lay slumped against the post. The guard lowered his whip.
“Untie him,” said Massui, “and fetch me some beer.”
At last he is showing some mercy, thought Kiya. She watched the guards cut through Dennu’s rope and drag him from the post. When the drink came, Massui took a packet from his waist pouch and poured powder into the goblet. With horror, Kiya realised that she was witnessing Dennu's death sentence.
“Hold up his head and open his mouth,” commanded Massui. The guard, who supported Dennu, obeyed and Massui poured beer between his son’s parted lips. The boy spluttered, coughed and swallowed the poisoned liquid. Massui repeated his actions until the goblet was empty. “Now lock him in the confinement room.”
Kiya leapt down from the bed and pushed it back into position, She heard the approaching men as she ran into the passage. Just in time, she closed the door behind her and listened to the guards drag Dennu into the room. Through the eye hole she watched them lay him across the bed.
“Poor bastard,” said one.
The other grunted in agreement and they left, locking the door behind them.

Chapter Thirteen: An Ill-Considered Decision
Kiya hesitated. She should leave now. She had been too late to explain the situation to Dennu and she risked capture if she stayed. The silence was broken only by the ragged sound of the boy’s breathing. He groaned and stirred. Despite her misgivings, Kiya resolved to check on him. She pushed open the concealed door, walked over to the bed and stood looking down. Something must have alerted him to her presence, because he opened his eyes. They were slow to focus and his pupils were enlarged.
“Kiya!” he gasped. “What are you doing here?”
“I’ve come to rescue you,” said Kiya, making an instant decision. Only one person had the skill to counteract Massui’s poison. If she could get Dennu to Laylos, he might be saved. She reached down and told him to hold onto her hands. He obeyed, too dazed to protest. She pulled him into a sitting position.
“Ouch! Be careful of my back!” gasped Dennu. “I feel unwell. Can I lie here for a while?”
“No! You must come with me.”
Dennu allowed Kiya to haul him to his feet and half-carry him across the room into the passageway. She propped him against the wall and shut and bolted the door behind them. She felt for him in the darkness. Briefly, they embraced like lovers, then they stumbled along the passage. Dennu was becoming heavier and more clumsy. Kiya struggled to support him, and feared the amount of noise they made might alert the guards.
At last, they reached the end of the tunnel and she felt the ladder in front of her. Kiya made Dennu hold onto the ladder, while she mounted the steps and opened the trap door. She half expected that guards might be lying in wait but, as she blinked in the sunshine, she saw that the clearing was empty.
“Come on!” she called to Dennu. No movement came from below and when she glanced down she saw that he was stretched out on the floor. Oh no, she groaned. Perhaps he was dead already. Kiya climbed down the ladder. Dennu was still breathing and his skin was warm. He was alive. Her relief was short lived, for how could she get him out of the passage?
“Dennu, Dennu,” she whispered urgently and slapped his face. He opened his eyes. “We must get out of here,” she said.
With her help, he struggled to his feet and leant against the ladder. He managed to climb two rungs then started to topple backwards. Kiya strained against his weight and then it was gone. She gazed up and saw a pair of hands haul him into the open.
“Now,” said a man’s voice. “Are you going to come out, or will I have to come and get you?”
Kiya gazed up into the face of the man her aunt had called Huy. He was looking at her with an expression that was half surprise and half amusement. He did not seem about to kill her, so Kiya ascended the ladder.
Huy indicated the boy’s body sprawled on the grass. “What have you done to Dennu?”
“I have done nothing to him,” protested Kiya. “I watched his father make him drink poisoned beer.”
“Poison? Surely not!" Huy knelt beside Dennu and raised one of his eyelids. "By Horus, you are right! I know Dennu was going to be punished for helping a girl escape... but this?” A thought struck him. “Are you the girl? What in Thoth’s name are you doing here? Massui will have you killed.”
Laylos had been right, Kiya thought. It had been madness to return to the palace. “Please let me rescue Dennu," she pleaded. "My aunt may have an antidote.”
“Your aunt?” He peered at her. “Do you mean Laylos the medicine woman?” Kiya did not reply and he nodded. “Yes, you have her look about you.” He paused in thought, then said, “Massui has gone too far this time. I will let you take the boy to Laylos, although I take a risk in doing so. I will deny ever having seen you. Understood?”
“Yes. I promise not to tell anyone.”
“How are you going to get him there?” He scanned the surrounding bushes. “Have you a donkey cart hidden away somewhere?” She shook her head. Huy sighed. “I suppose you expect me to help you.”
Kiya stared at him. Such a thought had never occurred to her. Her sudden hope turned into doubt – surely it must be a trap. “No, thank you, I’ll manage.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” he said. “You are a stubborn as your aunt. Wait there.”
Kiya watched him hurry away. Had he gone to get reinforcements? Surely he would need no help in arresting her. She felt Dennu’s pulse and raised one of his eyelids to see again the extended pupil of his drugged eye. She should make her getaway, but could not bear to abandon him. The sound of hoof beats made her dive behind the nearest bush. She peered out between the branches to see that Huy had arrived on horseback. He reined in his horse beside Dennu’s body, dismounted and turned to her inadequate hiding place.
“Come out of there, you silly girl, and help me get Dennu onto this animal’s back.”
Kiya emerged from cover and hurried to help him. She held the reins of the horse while he heaved Dennu’s body over its shoulders. Then Huy leapt up, swinging a leg over the animal’s haunches. Kiya stared up at him. The horse’s back seemed as insurmountable as a cliff.
“Hurry up and get on,” said Huy. “We have no time to waste.”
“I’ve never ridden a horse before,” said Kiya. She made a futile effort to mount, but her long shift made such a manoeuvre impossible.
Huy gave a sigh of exasperation. then bent over and hauled her up by the arms. “Ouch!” protested Kiya and gave a little yelp as she teetered dangerously before sitting behind him with both legs to one side.
“Hold on to me and try to keep your balance,” he said.
Kiya clasped Huy’s waist, while he took hold of the reins, kicked the horse in the ribs and directed its head towards Ankhis. The horse’s back was smooth and slippery, and the ground a long way down. Despite her fear, Kiya hesitated to hold on to Huy but when the horse began to canter she clung on as tightly as a mummy’s wrapping.
As they cantered through the village, Kiya saw that the door and stones had been removed from the body of the traveller and people were staring at the corpse. Many of them looked up at the sound of hooves and transferred their interest to the newcomers, their curious faces turning to fear as the horse rode across the square without slackening its pace.
Kiya clung on desperately, nearly overbalancing as they swerved around the gathering and headed towards the river. Indeed, she was so tightly locked around Huy’s waist that, when they reached home, she stayed, frozen in position.
“Come on, girl, you can let go now,” he said pulling her arms apart. He dismounted and reached up to help her from the horse.
She felt stiff and bruised and was grateful for his support as she slid to the ground. With tottering steps, she hurried to the stockade. “Laylos, it’s me,” she called. “I have come back!”
The door in the fence was flung open and Laylos stared at Kiya. Then her eyes slid beyond her to where Huy was pulling Dennu from the horse. She paled. “Have you come to arrest us, Huy?”
“Not yet,” he said.
“Huy has helped me rescue Dennu,” said Kiya. “His father forced him to drink poison and I think he is dying.” She felt tears in her eyes and blinked them back, caught unawares by the strength of her emotion.
“Bring Dennu in,” said Laylos and opened the stockade door wide. “Lay him here under the awning.”
Huy entered the stockade with Dennu in his arms. Kiya followed and saw a luggage-laden donkey tied to a tree in front of the house.
“What’s that donkey doing here?” she asked as she helped Laylos unroll the mattress.
“I bought him from Nenwef, the farmer,” said Laylos. “He gave me a good price because I recently cured his wife of worms. Now lay the boy here and I will get an emetic.” She hurried into the house and could be heard rummaging among the jars.

Chapter Fourteen: Flight
Huy laid Dennu on the bed, where he lay pale and unmoving.
Kiya knelt down and laid an anxious hand on his forehead. It was warm – too warm. She glanced up at Huy. “What will happen if the villagers tell Massui that you helped us?”
Huy shrugged. “They can tell him what they like, for I do not intend to go back. I have every respect for a strong ruler but the man has gone too far. The remains you saw in the square were those of a donkey thief. We had to crush him this morning, even thought his crime did not warrant the death penalty. Such brutality sickens me.” He raised his head and called out to Laylos. “Hurry up with that medicine, woman. We must get going.”
Laylos came out with a goblet. “What an overbearing man you are, Huy. You don’t have to accompany us, you know. Hold up Dennu’s head so I can give him this.”
Huy supported the limp body into a sitting position and held his head. Laylos prised open his mouth and slowly poured in the liquid. Kiya watched anxiously as Dennu swallowed the medicine with jerky movements of his throat.
The goblet was almost empty when Dennu coughed and, moments later, twisted sideways and started retching over the side of the mattress. The movement revealed bloody wheals on his back.
“What has happened to that poor boy?” cried Laylos. “I must get salve and bandages.”
“We can’t waste time,” objected Huy. “Just find a garment to cover the wounds.” Laylos tutted her protest and hurried into the house.
By the time Laylos came out with a tunic, Dennu had lapsed into unconsciousness once more. Huy had to hold him upright while Kiya and Laylos struggled to dress him. Kiya saw with dismay that their efforts had caused his wounds to break open and start bleeding again.
“He’s not ready to go yet!” protested Laylos as Huy lifted Dennu into his arms. “He needs something to bring his fever down and ointment for his back.”
“We cannot wait, Aunt. Dennu’s escape will soon be discovered,” said Kiya.
Huy carried Dennu out of the compound to where the horse was tethered and Kiya hurried after him.
“Hold the animal steady,” Huy commanded. Kiya took the reins clumsily and the horse snorted and tossed its head. Huy hoisted Dennu over the creature’s shoulders as it tried to sidestep away from him.
“Whoa!” he took the reins from Kiya. “Not used to horses are you, girl?”
“No!” said Kiya and glared at the huge, unmanageable beast.
Laylos emerged from the stockade, leading the donkey. “Wait while I secure the door,” she said. She tied the stockade door shut with the leather thongs that were attached to the fence. Did she really think she might return? thought Kiya and wondered if Laylos had truly understood the trouble they were in.
“Would you like to ride on the horse with me, Laylos? You will have to hold on tight.” Huy winked and grinned at her.
“The very idea!” She bridled. “Kiya and I will walk with the donkey.”
Huy laughed and set off a brisk pace along the riverside path towards Ankhis. Kiya was far enough behind to quiz her aunt.
“How do you know Huy?” she asked.
“I worked at the palace when I was young,” Laylos said. “I was a kitchen maid and Huy and Bai were guards. Both of them took a fancy to me and I delighted in teasing them. Indeed I liked them both equally. In the end Huy lost interest and I married Bai.”
“Two lovers, Aunt?” said Kiya, with a grin. “The palace was a greater hotbed of vice than a temple could ever be.”
“Ridiculous child,” said Laylos but there was a lilt to her voice and a sparkle in her eyes. “We left the palace and went to live with my parents. Huy never came visiting, even though Bai had been his best friend. Eventually, we heard he had gone to Helwan.”
“And now he is back,” said Kiya and wondered how much of the old romance still remained.
They reached Ankhis, where a small group of villagers were still standing around the body of the traveller.
“Why should I have to bury him?” Fai-Nofre sounded indignant.
“It was your fault he was killed,” said one of the villagers and the others agreed.
Kiya hoped they would pass unnoticed, but a voice rang out. “Where are you off to, Laylos?”
“It’s none of your business,” said Huy. He wore the breast plate of a palace guard and spoke with such authority that the people fell silent.
The road north from Ankhis was as dusty and uneven as Kiya remembered from her ox-cart journey. As she trudged along beside Laylos she worried that her parents might be angry to see her home so soon. If the guards were still looking for her, the money that had bought her safety would have been wasted.
“Who would have thought it would come to this,” murmured Laylos.
“I’m so sorry,” said Kiya, mortified at having placed her aunt in such danger.
Laylos reassured her. “I speak not of myself but of Dennu. Poor boy, it all started so well. His mother was a Cretan warrior, a princess of the royal line. She led a raiding party that was ambushed by Massui and his soldiers.” Kiya listened with interest. Cretan blood would explain Dennu’s fine nose and slender waist. “Massui was a handsome young man in those days, well-born and powerful. He felled Zahra’s horse with a single blow of his battle axe, then saved her from the wreckage of her chariot. He took her prisoner, intending to hold her for ransom, but the two of them fell in love.”
“How romantic,” said Kiya and tried to imagine Massui as a handsome young suitor.
“The palace was like a paradise on earth,” Laylos sighed. “Massui built a pleasure garden for his new wife, with a boating lake and fish ponds and a myriad scented flowers. But, after many happy years, Zahra died in childbirth and so did the baby, who would have been a brother for Dennu.”
Kiya almost felt sorry for the priest. “What a tragedy,” she said. “He must have been a very different man in those days.”
“You are right,” said Laylos. “His heart has turned to stone. Poor Dennu has grown up in a dark and lonely place. But who would have thought Massui would turn on his son with such ferocity?”
Ahead of them was a roadside building. A painted inn hieroglyph and empty hitching rail distinguished it from the other houses that dotted the countryside.
“There’s Fai-Nofre’s inn. It would be a good place to take a break,” said Laylos. “I saw him in the village, so he won’t be here.”
Kiya watched Huy, who was riding well ahead, pass the inn without a glance. “Have we got time to stop?” she asked her aunt. “We are not even half way to Qato.”
“I don’t know about you,” said Laylos. “But my feet are killing me and we must see to the boy’s back.”
The door of the inn was shut. “Supposing it is locked?” said Kiya, half hoping that it would be so.
Laylos pushed on the door and it opened. “Hello?” she called out. There was no answer. Laylos yelled down the road, “Huy! Come back!”
Kiya groaned. Why did her aunt have to treat Huy with such haughtiness? If he took offence he could ride off and leave them. Indeed, she was surprised he had not already done so.
Huy reigned in his horse and looked around. “What is it?”
“We need to treat Dennu.”
Huy looked worried. “We have no time,” he said.
“Then we must make time. The sooner we start the sooner we will finish.”
Huy gave in with good grace and turned his horse around.
Kiya followed Laylos into the building and inspected the bar. It was dark and smelt of stale beer. There was a wooden counter on which stood a barrel and several beakers. Two doors at the rear of the room led to bedrooms, which Kiya checked were unoccupied. Between the bedrooms was a short corridor. Kiya went down it and found that it led to a high-walled courtyard. She wrinkled her nose at the strong smell of yeast, which came from a vat of fermenting beer. This must be where Fai-Nofre had put the donkey.
When Kiya returned to the house she saw that Huy had taken Dennu to one of the bedrooms and laid him on the bed. Laylos fussed over the invalid. “He’s still alive,” she said, “although his temperature is high.” She rummaged in her bag, brought out the medicine book and pointed out one of the hieroglyphs to Kiya. “This is the spell for breaking a fever. Write it out, Kiya, while we start bandaging his wounds.”
Kiya unpacked a pen, a small jar of ink and a square of parchment from her aunt’s bag. She took them into the bar and laid them on the counter, which looked none-too clean. Swiftly, she copied the spell Laylos had indicated and took it into the bedroom.
Laylos and Huy were binding strips of linen around Dennu’s torso. “We’re nearly finished,” said Laylos. “Bring some me some beer, please, dear, so I can give him a pill.”
Kiya returned to the bar and was pouring a beaker of beer when she heard, faint and far away, the sound of hoof beats. She hurried to the front door and looked out. With a sickening lurch of her stomach she saw two horsemen riding down the road towards them.

Chapter Fifteen: A Narrow Escape.
Kiya rushed to the bedroom. “People are coming!”
“We must hide the boy,” said Huy. He lifted Dennu from the bed and carried him through to the bar where he deposited him on the floor behind the counter. Laylos came running in with her bag and managed to put the spell-writing equipment into it as a clatter of harness announced the arrival of the horsemen. The two soldiers entered the inn with drawn swords and stared at Huy in astonishment.
“What are you doing here, Sir?” asked one of them.
“More to the point, what are you doing, soldier?” said Huy.
“We are looking for Dennu, Sir.”
“So am I,” said Huy.
The soldiers hesitated. “I’m sorry, Sir” said the bolder of the two. “We have orders to search every building. Who are these women?” He indicated Laylos and Kiya, who stood behind the counter, trying to shield Dennu’s body without treading on it.
“That one is a barmaid,” said Huy, indicating Laylos. “And that one is a whore.” The man looked at Kiya with interest and gave her a wink. Kiya fluttered her eyelashes at him. “Get on with your duties, soldier. I have been too busy interrogating the women to check the building yet." Huy pointed at one of the soldiers, "You stand guard while we search this bedroom.”
The men obeyed orders. One stood at the main doorway while the other followed Huy into the bedroom. The door closed behind them and there was a muffled thud. Huy opened the door. “Help! The boy is in here!” he shouted.
The second soldier hurried into the room and Kiya heard another thud. She and Laylos stared at each other, stunned by the rapid turn of events. After a few minutes Huy emerged from the bedroom with a knife in his hand.
“Did you kill them? Surely not!” gasped Laylos, half in awe and half in horror.
“Of course not,” said Huy, sheathing the knife. “I have cut up the bedding to secure them. They should be unconscious for a while and by the time they free themselves we will be well away.”
“You were wonderful,” said Laylos gazing at him in admiration.
And I believed we couldn't be in worse trouble! thought Kiya.
“We must go,” said Huy. “At least we dressed the boy’s wounds before we were interrupted. Now, thanks to those stupid soldiers, we have a mount each so we can make faster progress.”
Kiya and Laylos hurried outside to where the soldiers’ horses were fastened to the rail beside Huy’s horse and the donkey. The new animals snorted and tossed their heads, showing the whites of their rolling eyes.
Laylos gave a yelp of horror. “I’m not getting on one of those!”
"They must have heard the ruckus and taken fright," Kiya said. She reached out a hand to calm the horses. They responded by backing away to the limit of their reins.
"Perhaps if you walk one around a bit," suggested Laylos, keeping a good distance.
Kiya untied one of the animals, her hands sweating with anxiety as she struggled with the knot. The horse lashed out with its hooves, missing her by a finger's breadth, then pulled away the loosened reins and bolted. They were watching it disappear up the road towards Qato when Huy emerged from the inn carrying Dennu in his arms.
"What in Thoth’s name are you doing?" he demanded.
"That crazy horse nearly killed Kiya," shrilled Laylos.
“Relax! Horses can smell fear,” said Huy. He put the boy down and hurried to help them. The second horse backed away snorting. “You've really spooked them. We cannot ride them when they are like this.” He untied the horse from the rail and let it gallop after its mate. His own horse side-stepped nervously as he approached. "I hope this one hasn't been frightened by the others."
His hope was in vain, for no sooner had he untied the reins than the horse bolted. Huy clung on, in an attempt to stop its escape, and was dragged up the road in a cloud of dust. When the dust cleared it revealed his prostrate body, lying face downwards.
"Huy!" screamed Laylos, pulling her shift to her knees and running towards him.
He lay unmoving as she knelt beside him and tenderly felt his neck for a pulse. Then he rolled over and grinned up at her. “I need to be rubbed all over with that healing salve of yours."
Laylos looked as if she could kiss him. “I might have known nothing would damage that thick skull!”
Kiya expected them to embrace, but Laylos stood up and turned away, leaving Huy to struggle to his feet alone.
“What do we do now?” asked Kiya.
“We continue walking,” said Huy. “The donkey can carry Dennu.”
They returned to the donkey, which showed no sign of concern as Laylos tied on her medicine bag and rearranged the packages to allow room for Dennu. "Thank Thoth for sending us a big, strong donkey," she said, “and one that does not take fright at any little thing.”
"You did well to buy it," said Huy, as he draped Dennu's body over the donkey. "How else could you bring half your possessions with us?"
"You never know what you might need," said Laylos with a sniff.
They set off again. Kiya and Laylos walked on one side of the donkey, Huy on the other. Despite its extra burden the animal kept a slow but steady pace. Huy walked in silence, his face grim. Kiya expected him to rebuke them for stopping at the inn. The alarm had been raised earlier than any of them had expected and delaying their escape had been foolhardy. On the other hand, if the soldiers had caught them on the open road, they would be prisoners by now.
"It was good of you to sacrifice your job to help us, Huy,” said Laylos, smiling up at him and Kiya was pleased that her aunt was making an effort to mollify their protector. “I heard you had gone to Helwan and found a wife. What made you return to Gesem?”
“I lost my wife,” he said, "and there were other reasons.”
"Look!" Kiya interrupted the conversation to indicate three horses beside the road, cropping grass under the shade of a palm tree.
“Those are our escapees,” said Huy.
“Shall we try and capture them?” asked Kiya.
“No, I have had enough of horses,” said Huy. “They seem happy, let them be.” The animals looked up blankly as the group passed, then returned to their grazing.
“Fortunate creatures,” said Laylos. “Only fools walk in the heat of the day.”
“Fools who have no other choice,” agreed Huy.
Kiya heard a groan. She stared at Dennu and noticed him move. “We must stop and make Dennu comfortable,” she said. “He’s waking up.”
“Thank Horus for that,” said Laylos.
“We have wasted enough time already,” protested Huy. Dennu groaned again and started to thrash about until he was in danger of falling from the donkey. “Oh very well,” said Huy. “But be quick.”
“Here’s a good place,” said Laylos and led the donkey off the road onto a grassy area half hidden by palms and bushes. Dennu struggled as Huy pulled him from the donkey. When he was laid on the ground he sat up, propping himself on his elbows, and glared around him.
“What’s going on? Am I being kidnapped?” His voice was weak.
“We have saved you,” said Kiya.
Dennu looked at her and his eyes brightened. “Kiya!” He thought for a moment. “I remember. You took me into the passageway. Why?”
“You were beaten by your father,” said Kiya. Dennu felt the bandages around his chest and winced. “Laylos has treated you and given you medicine against the poison.”
“Poison?” Dennu looked at Laylos and then back at Kiya. “What poison?”
“It was in the beer your father gave you. I saw him put powder into it.”
Dennu shook his head. “That's impossible.”
“Do you think you are safe then?” said Kiya. “In that case you can go back.”
While they were talking, Huy had poured a goblet of beer from the barrel strapped to the donkey. He brought it over and handed it to Dennu. “Here drink this,” he said. “You must be thirsty after such a fever.”
“Thank you.” Dennu took the goblet and drank. “Where are you taking me?”
“Back to my home in Thebes,” said Kiya.
“Thebes? The most sacred of cities. It will serve my father right if I come with you after what he did to me.” His chin lifted and he regarded them with a haughty look. “A priest’s son should not be beaten like a common peasant.”
“Are you going to thank us?” said Kiya, annoyed by his arrogance. “We have all risked our lives to save you.”
Huy held up his hand to stop her talking her and, in the silence, they heard the distant sound of hooves on the road. “Quick!” he whispered. “We must hide."

Chapter Sixteen: The Bloody Stream
Laylos and Kiya rushed to help Dennu to his feet while Huy led the donkey behind a bush. The youth was a cumbersome burden and tried to resist them. They were still wrestling with Dennu when the hoof beats stopped and they heard the sound of an argument.
"If the riders catch us we will be killed," Kiya hissed in Dennu's ear as she helped Laylos haul him behind a clump of bamboo. She clapped her hand over his mouth in case he tried to summon help. They listened to the soldiers resolve their argument, then heard the sounds of their departure. Kiya peered between the bamboo stems to count five soldiers, riding towards Qato. She released Dennu.
“Ouch, that was unnecessary,” he complained.
“Was it?” She stared at him, uncertain where his allegiance lay. He glared back resentfully and she turned away.
Huy was looking down the road in the opposite direction and Kiya joined him to see a sixth man leading the three strays back to Ankhis. “We’re in trouble now,” he said. “I have contacts in Qato and was hoping to hire a boat to get us to Thebes. All that has gone. Massui’s men will get to the village before us and will be lying in wait. We will have to travel overland.”
"Overland? Is that possible?" said Kiya, thinking of the tightly packed farmsteads.
"Of course. But it is not the journey I had envisaged." He looked concerned and Kiya was about to asked him more when Laylos called out.
"Will someone help me with the boy!" The tension in Laylos’s voice made Kiya whirl around and she saw, to her dismay, that Dennu had sunk into semi consciousness again and lay slumped in her aunt’s arms. “He needs more treatment. Kiya, fetch me my medicine bag.”
Kiya was about to run to the donkey but was stopped by Huy. “No! Whatever his condition, we will have to go, we cannot wait here any longer.”
Kiya looked at her aunt, torn between the conflicting demands. After a moment in which she thought Laylos might rebel, her aunt nodded her agreement. “It will do the poor boy no good if we are all recaptured.”
Huy ran to Laylos’s side, leaving Kiya to fetch the donkey. It stood quietly cropping grass and taking no notice of the dramas around it. She tugged at the rope attached to its nose ring and it reluctantly stopped eating and allowed itself to be led to where Huy and Laylos were holding Dennu. They manoeuvred the boy into a sitting position, with one leg over the animal’s back.
Laylos regarded her patient as he sat hunched, his eyes closed and his breathing shallow. “It was a strange poison his father used upon him. We can only pray to the gods that he will survive.”
“If he dies, we will have risked our lives for nothing,” said Huy. “We must make haste. You two support the boy, I will lead the donkey. I know a track that leads to a ferry across another tributary of the river. It is only used by farmers.”
“How come you know about it, then?” asked Laylos.
“I am familiar with this part of Gesem. One of my duties was to protect the tax gatherers here.”
Laylos muttered some insult about tax gatherers and they set off along the road once more. Kiya found it awkward to walk with her arm around Dennu’s waist but, despite her cramped position, she wished the over-burdened donkey could go faster. Dennu’s relapse filled her with guilt. If only she had not been so forceful when she held her hand over his mouth. Was it her fault that he had worsened? She kept looking back, expecting to see horsemen, and did not notice the track until Huy pointed to a grassy pathway, squeezed between the boundary ditches of two fields.
“We will have to travel single file,” he said. “You lead the donkey, Kiya, while I support the boy.”
Kiya feared that, even as they crossed the farmland, Massui’s men might spot them. Then the pathway passed a field of unharvested barley and a grove of palms so they were hidden from the road. Kiya relaxed. For the first time since the incident at the inn, she felt safe, but such a sentiment was short lived.
“We can only hope the ferry is still running,” said Huy. “It finishes at the end of harvest time, before the floods sweep away the moorings.” They walked in silence as Kiya contemplated the prospect of being trapped in Gesem.
After a while Laylos, who was bringing up the rear of the group, began to falter. “I’m sure you must all feel as tired and thirsty as I do. Can we stop for refreshment?”
“No! I forbid it!” Huy was firm.
Kiya felt sorry for her aunt. She glanced around and saw her struggling to keep up. “I wouldn’t mind a rest, myself,” she said.
“There will be time enough when we have crossed the river,” said Huy.
They trudged on until, at last, the path curved to revealed the river. It ran swollen and slow between overgrown reed beds and Kiya saw that it was already tinged red with the mud that heralded the inundation. Where the path ended vegetation had been cut back to allow access to the water. Kiya stopped the donkey on the bank and looked over to the opposite side where a hut stood - a flimsy structure, destined to be washed away when the waters rose.
“Hoy!” shouted Huy. They listened but could only hear reeds rustling in the wind.
Kiya’s heart sank. Their worse fears had been realised, the ferry had stopped running. She was about to turn away when a man emerged from the hut.
“What do you want?” His voice was harsh.
“We need the ferry!”
There was a pause as if the man was considering their request and then he yelled, “Coming.”
With exaggerated effort he picked up a pole and boarded a raft, which lay so low in the water that Kiya had thought it part of the riverbank. She looked at the fragile craft with dismay. It was a home-made structure consisting of bundles of papyrus tied with rope and topped with planks.
The raft was half way across the river by the time Laylos caught up with them. “Have we got to go over the water on that?” she gasped.
“It should be safe enough,” said Huy, “though we might get our feet wet.”
“Our feet, our ankles, our knees – we’ll be lucky if the water doesn’t go over the tops of our heads!”
Huy smiled. “I take it that you have never crossed the river before, Laylos.”
“Never. I’m a respectable woman, not a wandering nomad.”
“I’m sorry, Aunt.” Kiya’s feelings of guilt surged like birds beneath a hunter’s net.
“None of this is your fault, child.” Laylos gave a light laugh. “But if I drown in that river you will be answerable to Anubis in the afterlife.”
Although she knew her aunt was joking, Kiya felt herself colour at the name of her beloved god. She turned away to hide her blushes, and fussed over the unconscious Dennu. “Should we hide this?” she asked, looking at his armlet. “No peasant would wear such fine jewellery.”
“We cannot take it off,” said Huy. “It belonged to his mother and he wears it always.”
“Wrap your cloak around him,” suggested Laylos. Kiya took off her cloak and placed it around Dennu’s shoulders. As she tied the knot at his neck, her face was so close to his that she felt an impulse to kiss him. Gently, she pressed her lips to his cheek. His eyelashes fluttered but his eyes remained closed.
The sound of the ferryman’s grumbling could be heard as he approached. “You’re lucky I’m still here. Can you not see the blood of Osiris in the water? It will soon be time for Isis to flood the Nile with her tears. I was packing to go to higher ground.”
“You’re the lucky one to have passengers,” called out Huy.
The ferry reached the shore. “All aboard, and hurry up about it,” said the ferryman. He stepped ashore and held out his hand for the fare.
“I will pay,” said Laylos, opening her waist pouch.
“No, allow me,” said Huy, taking a tin ring from his money belt and offering it to the ferryman.
“Donkeys are extra.”
Huy glared at the man, but fished out another ring without dispute.
The ferryman stared at the half-conscious Dennu. “I am not taking him!” he declared.

Chapter Seventeen: A Hazardous Crossing
Kiya stared at the ferryman in dismay. “We cannot leave him behind! Why won’t you take him?”
“He’s obviously ill. He’s probably infectious.”
“No, he’s not ill, he has had an accident,” said Laylos. She parted the cloak so the ferryman could see the bandages.
He uttered an exclamation of awe and asked, “Was it a crocodile?”
“Yes,” lied Laylos.
“Poor man, he was lucky to survive. They become very bold at this time of year.” He pointed to what looked like a log of wood floating nearby. “They wait to go inland with the floodwaters and pick up any creature unfortunate enough to be stranded.” Kiya saw that the rough bark of the log was a scaly back and she shivered. Crocodiles were an ever-present threat when using a shaduf, but she had rarely seen one so large and at such close quarters.
When it came to getting the donkey on board, Huy pulled while Kiya and Laylos pushed. Once on the fragile craft, the animal stood trembling and wide-eyed.
“There, there,” said Kiya and stroked him. He gradually relaxed under her touch and bent his head down so she could tickle him behind the ears. He felt warm and rough and had a nice donkey smell. Kiya put her arms around him and rested her cheek on his neck, drawing from him as much comfort as she was giving. By the time they reached the other side they had become friends.
“Come on, Enno,” said Kiya, leading the donkey off the ferry.
“Who is Enno?” asked Laylos.
“He is the donkey,” said Kiya. “Such a faithful creature should have a name.”
“A great mistake,” said Huy. “You should never name an animal. What if we run out of food and have to eat him? “
Kiya looked at him in dismay. “No! We could never eat Enno! I would rather starve!”
“Just joking,” said Huy with a vulpine smile. “Come on, we must get going.”
They said goodbye to the ferryman and set off along the riverside road. After a while Kiya looked back the way they had come. Behind them, the empty road baked under the sun. Swarms of flies hovered close to the water’s edge. A sense of anticipation hung in the air as the world waited for Akhet. Kiya made a silent prayer to Hapi, the god of the Nile, not to flood until they were safely back in Thebes.
They had gone but a short way before Laylos demanded to have a break. “Can we stop for a rest?” she gasped. “You promised us refreshment when we had crossed the river. We must be safe enough, now we have left Gesem.”
“Very well,” said Huy and stopped the donkey under the shade of an overhanging palm tree.
Laylos burrowed among the packages. “You can remove your cloak from Dennu, Kiya,” she said. “I must persuade him to drink something.”
As Kiya untied the knot at Dennu’s neck, he opened his eyes. “Thank you for saving me,” he croaked. She smiled at him and roughly pulled her cloak away, embarrassed by the intensity of his gaze.
Laylos brought over a goblet of beer and urged him to drink. Kiya watched his hands tremble as he helped Laylos guide the thirst-quenching liquid to his mouth.
“Come and drink, Kiya,” called Huy, holding out a goblet. “It doesn’t take two women to fuss over that boy.”
When they were all refreshed, Laylos handed around dates and honey cakes. Kiya accepted hers gratefully, it was long past her normal lunch time and she was hungry.
“We must eat while we walk,” said Huy. “We have to reach higher ground before the river floods.”
Kiya led the way, while Huy and Laylos walked on either side of the donkey, supporting the semi-conscious Dennu. Soon, the two old friends were deep in conversation and Kiya strained her ears to listen.
“You never came to see us when Bai was alive,” said Laylos. “Why not? You were his best friend.”
“I’m sure he understood,” said Huy. “Part of our agreement was for me to stay away.”
“Agreement? What agreement?”
“Did Bai never tell you? No, I suppose not. The poor man is dead now, so it cannot matter. He won you in a game of Senet.”
“Won me? You mean I was a prize in a dice game?”
“Yes.”
“How dare you! I have never heard of anything so outrageous!” Kiya was amused by her aunt’s indignation. No wonder her late husband had never dared tell her the details of his wooing.
“It was your fault, Laylos,” said Huy. “You were having cruel sport with us. We both loved you and you kept us guessing for months. It could have become years for all you cared and our friendship was suffering.”
“What an insult – gambling for a poor unfortunate woman!” exclaimed Laylos.
“The agreement was that whoever lost would back off and never go near you again,” said Huy. ”I hung around for a while, to see if you might grow tired of Bai, but the marriage seemed a happy one and so I left for Helwan.”
“And found yourself a wife! You got over losing me remarkably quickly.”
“And why not? Bai won you fair and square.”
“The cheek of it,” snorted Laylos. After a pause, she continued. “Tell me, was your wife prettier than me?”
Huy hesitated then said, “She was thinner.”
“Thinner, eh!” Laylos was offended. “Some skin and bone creature. I’m surprised at you, Huy!”
Huy sighed. “She was beautiful and even-tempered. She did not blow hot and cold and never let a man know where he stood.”
“So, what happened to this beautiful, even-tempered wife? Run off with someone better, did she?”
“She died in childbirth,” he said in a tight voice.
Laylos was immediately contrite. “Oh, I’m sorry, Huy. Oh dear, I sometimes let my tongue run away with me.”
“No matter,” he said. “Losing Uart was only one of the reasons I left Helwan. Things had become very bad at the palace.”
“In what way?”
“A year ago the King had a seizure of the brain, which rendered him half-dead. He lies unmoving on his bed but his ka is reluctant to leave his body.” Kiya listened to this news with dismay. Such a king would be unable to protect Egypt from the wrath of the gods. Who would intercede with Hapi and ensure that the Nile flooded each year? Who would keep the people safe from famine and pestilence?
“This is the first I’ve heard of such disaster,” said Laylos.
“And you must tell nobody else. If the people knew, there would be unrest.”
“But who rules Egypt?”
“His first wife, Tiye. She is an intelligent and powerful queen. Unfortunately her only son, Ikhnaton, is a strange creature who is obsessively in love with a foreigner named Nefertiti. The atmosphere between the two women is poisonous, for both want to influence the youth.”
“Ah, men are weak, foolish creatures.”
“Unfortunately, when it comes to women, you are right,” said Huy.
“Stop the donkey, Kiya,” called out Laylos, abruptly ending the conversation. “I think Dennu is stirring.”
Kiya halted and turned. Dennu was sitting more upright on Enno, he smiled when he saw Kiya looking at him, and allowed Laylos to feel his wrist.
“His pulse is stronger. Thank Horus for that. How are you feeling, Dennu?”
“Bad. My head hurts. Have we not gone far enough?”
“No,” said Huy. “We must get off the lower road. Keep watch for a path that might lead to higher ground, Kiya.”
They walked on in silence, anxious to find a way up from the floor of the valley. Kiya saw it first - a narrow track winding up between fields of vines. The grapes had been harvested, leaving only withered branches, which, in the height of the season would have hidden the pathway completely.

Chapter Eighteen: Body Warmth
They made as much speed as they could, but the track meandered, sometimes going uphill and sometimes down. The shadows were lengthening into evening as they passed a small grassy mound, surrounded by palm trees.
“This looks like a good place to spend the night,” Laylos said.
“We should try to reach the upper road, where we might find an inn,” said Huy.
“I’m tired,” said Laylos. “And we are not even sure where this path is leading us.”
Kiya saw that her aunt’s face was grey with exhaustion. “I think we should stop here,” she said.
“It will be cold out in the open,” said Huy. “I’ll expect a bit of body warmth to keep away the night chill.”
He looked meaningfully at Laylos who replied, “I’m sure the donkey will oblige. In the meanwhile I have brought plenty of sheets.” She pulled thickly-woven linen sheets from a bag on Enno’s back. “It will be hard on the ground. I wish I could have brought the mattress as well.”
"And the wash trough," joked Huy as he helped her lay out the sheets.
With both of them busy, it fell to Kiya to look after Dennu. “We are going to stop here for the night,” she said. “How are you feeling?”
“Tired and sore,” he said. “I’ll need help to get down from the donkey.”
Kiya held his waist to steady him as he dismounted and he responded by wrapping an arm around her shoulders. He did not release her when his feet were on the ground and she had to support him in a tight embrace as they walked to the others.
Laylos looked worried. “You are still very weak, Dennu.” She hurried to help Kiya sit him on the sheets.
“I am weak with hunger,” he said. “I hope you have brought something to eat.”
“Of course,” said Laylos. She unloaded a bag from the donkey’s back. “You bring the beer, Huy.” Laylos searched in the bag and brought out a loaf and dates.
“I recognise you,” said Dennu as he took a piece of bread from her. “You are the woman who used to work in my father’s kitchen when I was a boy.”
“You are right,” she said.
“You gave me food then.” He grinned at her. “I was fond of you. Sometimes I imagined that you were my mother.” His face clouded. “But then you left me, just as my real mother had done.”
“I married and went to look after my parents, who had grown old.”
“I was upset at your leaving.” Dennu sulked.
“Laylos has saved your life,” said Kiya, “and has had to abandon her home and business as a result.”
“I will return soon enough,” said Laylos. “Come now, let us eat and admit that we all enjoy a bit of adventure.”
Huy, who was handing around goblets of beer, laughed. “You always were a plucky one, Laylos. I could tell your niece some stories about the old days.”
“Please refrain,” said Laylos. “She shows me too little respect already.”
They ate and drank and watched the shadows merge into night. Too tired for conversation they sat in silence until Laylos turned to Dennu. “We must redress those wounds of yours before we sleep,” she said. “Sit still, Dennu, while I unwrap the bandages.” He groaned in protest but removed his tunic and allowed Laylos to carefully pull away the blood encrusted linen. “You rub the salve in, Kiya, while I get clean dressings.” Laylos handed Kiya a jar of ointment.
Kiya scooped healing salve from the jar and looked at the deep wheals in dismay. Blood clots and bruising made them look worse now than before and she touched the damaged flesh with reluctance. “Am I hurting you?” she asked.
“No, you have lovely, soothing fingers,” he said.
Laylos returned with the bandages. “At least there’s no sign of infection,” she said. “With any luck you won’t even have a scar.”
“I wouldn’t mind a scar or two,” said Dennu, twisting his head around to try to see his back.
“Stay still,” said Laylos and she swiftly wrapped the strips of linen around his torso.
“It’s time for bed,” said Huy. “We must rise at first light.”
They lay in a row on the sheets while Huy arranged the rest of the linen on top of them. Kiya watched him working, dark against the star-lit sky and thanked all the gods that might be listening for sending him to help them on their journey. She felt the warmth of Laylos on one side of her and Dennu on the other. Beyond them was the peaceful sound of Enno cropping grass.
“Good night, Kiya, dear,” Laylos said. “Sleep well.”
“Good night,” said Kiya and, despite the hardness of the ground, she slept.
Kiya woke to daylight. Dennu had shifted in his sleep and rolled towards her, his arm bent across her body and his hand resting on her breast. She gently pushed him onto his back and felt his forehead. His fever had gone and his skin had a healthy glow. His eyes opened and, with startling swiftness, he seized her hand and pressed the palm against his lips. She pulled away.
“Don’t ruin my dream,” he said and slid his arm around her waist, drawing her towards him.
“You are not dreaming,” she said. “You’ve been ill and now you have recovered.”
“A proper kiss will make me feel even better.”
“What’s going on?” Laylos sat up and stared at them.
Dennu released Kiya and looked up at her in dismay. “This dream is getting overcrowded.”
“It’s no dream, Dennu,” said Huy, who had woken on the other side of him.
“Oh, yes. I remember,” said Dennu. “You saved me from my father and we are now fugitives. I wish it had been a dream." He sat up. "Why are we on an island?”
An island? Kiya looked around and saw, to her dismay, that the Nile had risen in the night and they were surrounded by water.
“We’ve camped too close to the river!” shrieked Laylos.
“I told you last night that we should try to reach the upper road,” said Huy. He leapt to his feet. “Come on, let’s get going before the flood rises any further.”
Enno was still cropping grass and, as Kiya scrambled from the bedding, she wondered if he had slept at all or whether he had spent the night eating. She helped Laylos pack away last night’s picnic while the men rolled up the sheets and tied them to the donkey. When they were ready, they led Enno to the edge of the short stretch of shallow water that lay between them and the road.
“No need to get our feet wet,” said Dennu. He knelt, muttered an incantation and then struck the surface of the water hard with the edge of his hand as if intending to part it. They waited for something to happen, but the blow merely rippled the water. Dennu was visibly embarrassed by his failure. He tried again, but the magic was not there.
“Come on, we are wasting time,” said Huy. He led the donkey into the flood and the others followed.
Kiya had been so distracted by Dennu’s attempts at sorcery that she barely noticed the log that floated at the water’s edge. A sudden movement caught her eye and she turned to see that the log had come to life. It raised itself upon short legs then raced towards them in a cascade of water. She stood ankle-deep in the flood, frozen by the shock of the attack.

Chapter Nineteen: Stranded
Kiya heard Laylos scream and Huy shout, “Watch out – a crocodile.” An enormous mouth opened, revealing teeth like scythes. It was as if the world had gone into slow motion, with sounds louder and details more vivid. The creature’s scaly lips and flaring nostrils, the redness of its inner mouth, the ravenous purpose in its eyes, all were seared into Kiya’s brain.
Huy whipped the knife from his belt and threw it into the gaping mouth. The creature paused, just a few cubits away from them. Its head thrashed as it tried to dislodge the weapon from its tongue. For a moment, Kiya could see the handle sticking up like an extra tooth, then a swipe of its clawed forefoot sent the knife tumbling into the water. The mighty beast focussed upon them once more, and braced itself, ready to continue the attack.
"Go, go, go!" yelled Huy at the top of his voice.
"No, Huy!" cried Laylos as the soldier ran towards the crocodile, his arms waving and water churning around his legs. The animal, still bleeding from the knife wound, hesitated until Huy was almost upon it. Then it turned and swam away, its tail making long, lazy strokes as if it was not fleeing but had thought of somewhere else to go.
Kiya’s heart was pounding like a drum as she watched Huy look around to make sure no more crocodiles lurked in the shallows. He seemed unperturbed by the incident. One might think he had seen off a marauding baboon rather than one of Egypt's fiercest predators.
“Congratulations, Captain! That was brave,” said Dennu.
“What a hero,” murmured Laylos. She sounded as shaken as Kiya felt.
Beside them Enno stood trembling and Kiya patted him gently. “Come we must get you out of here,” she said and led the donkey through the flood to the road. She had expected the others to follow, but when she turned she saw that Laylos was still standing in the midst of the flood, looking dazed, while the men hunted for the knife. “Hurry up,” Kiya called. “There may be more crocodiles lurking.”
“Don’t worry, Huy will see them off,” said Dennu as he peered into the murky water.
“All crocodiles are cowards at heart,” said Huy. "Show them aggression and they run away to find an easier meal.” He bent down, fished out his knife, dried it on his shirt and put it back in his belt. Then he waded to Laylos and slid an arm around her waist. “We cannot allow you to collapse into the water,” he said.
She leant against him. "You were wonderful, Huy.” She allowed him to support her through the flood and, even when they were safely on dry land, she made no attempt to move away from his protective arm.
"I think Enno has recovered," said Kiya.
"In that case we must be on our way," said Huy and disengaged himself from Laylos. “It’s vital to keep in front of the floodwater.”
They set off at a brisk pace with Huy leading the way. Gradually the memory of the attack became less vivid and Kiya thanked Horus that they had been saved. Never again would she step into the Nile without checking for lurking danger. Dennu dropped back to talk to her.
“Did you see what happened on the island?” he said.
“What do you mean? When Huy rescued us from the crocodile?”
He shook his head. “No, when my magic failed to work.”
“What were you trying to do? Part the waters?”
“Yes, I have always been successful before.”
“Perhaps it is an effect of your father’s poison.”
“Whatever the reason, without my magic powers I am nothing.”
“What nonsense,” said Kiya. “We all manage perfectly well without being able to perform magic.”
Dennu frowned. “It’s all your fault, Kiya. I kept my abilities hidden from my father. Then you carelessly allowed him to see the wax donkey.”
She had been expecting this accusation and was quick to apologise. “I’m sorry, Dennu. But the donkey stopped before it reached home and I had to hide it.”
“You obviously failed to hide it well enough.”
"And you failed to give it enough magic to get me home."
"What? Have you any idea of the skill required to animate an animal of that size?"
"At least I came back to try and help you, Dennu. Anyway, why should you keep your abilities hidden from your father? How was I to know? A normal man would be proud that his son had inherited such skill."
"A normal man?" Dennu gave a sharp laugh. "There’s nothing normal about my father, and yet I thought he loved me."
"Poor Dennu." Kiya’s heart went out to the boy.
He sighed. “I wish you could have known him in the old days, Kiya, when my mother was alive. We were all so happy.” Dennu's voice was full of pain. “I have been orphaned twice. I have lost both my mother and now my father’s love.”
Kiya put her hand on his arm. “You are no longer a child, Dennu. You are a man. You must learn to put the problems of childhood behind you and live your own life.”
“A man, eh? That might be one of the nicest things you have ever said to me.” He kissed her on the cheek and then quickened his pace so he was once more walking behind Huy.
Kiya stared after Dennu as he walked away from her. Even dressed in her late uncle’s baggy tunic he cut a striking figure, moving gracefully and showing little signs of the ordeal he had been through.
“What a sweet boy he is,” said Laylos, moving forwards to walk beside Kiya. “And how much he has to come to terms with. I fear the loss of his magic will hit him hard.”
Kiya watched as Dennu’s shoulders gradually slumped and he began to stumble on the uneven path. She longed to comfort him, but dared not give him any hope of romance. Her heart belonged to another, one who had haunted her dreams and thoughts ever since they had walked together around the Sacred Lake.
They walked on as Ra’s chariot rose in the sky. Far ahead and to the south, Kiya could see the escarpment that marked the edge of the Nile valley. They were leaving the delta and were well on the way home. Despite her fear of the temple guards she longed to be home and close to the god of her dreams.
The path meandered close to the rising flood waters but, to Kiya’s relief, it eventually took them up the side of the valley and connected with the top road. There, they stopped and rested on a grassy bank. Huy drained the last of the beer into a jug and filled the goblets, while Laylos handed around a late breakfast of dates, cheese and bread.
“This bread is stale,” complained Dennu.
“Until we reach a bakery, it is all we possess,” said Huy, dunking his bread into the beer to soften it. “And we must thank Laylos for providing us with sustenance.”
Dennu ate without further protest. When he had finished, he poured the dregs of his beer into the sandy soil and shaped the wet sand into a worm.
Kiya was curious. “What are you doing?”
“Just testing,” said Dennu. He muttered an incantation and dashed his hands downwards, as if throwing magic at the worm. Nothing happened. He repeated the spell. Still nothing. Dennu stamped on the worm and glared at Laylos. “Even the simplest of spells is beyond my powers. What in Seth’s name did you put into your medicine, woman?”
Huy leapt to his feet. “How dare you speak to Laylos like that! It was your father who poisoned you - she saved your life!”
“You ungrateful pup!” shouted Laylos. “I’ve left my house, my business, my everything for you!”
“I never asked you to do any of those things!” Dennu yelled back. He spun round to face Huy, “And I never asked you to take me from my home! I would rather be dead than lose my powers.”
“That’s stupid,” said Kiya.
Dennu focused upon Kiya, his face livid with anger. “How dare you call me stupid! I hate the lot of you. I’m going back!” With that he turned away from them and headed north, towards Gesem.

Chapter Twenty: Reunited
“No, wait!” Kiya shouted after Dennu and wished she had found more words of comfort for his troubled soul.
She was about to run after him, but was stopped by Huy, who grasped her arm. “Leave him be, Kiya. Let’s hope he comes to his senses. If not, he has a long walk home with neither food nor drink nor any money with which to buy them.”
“What if Massui’s horsemen find him?” cried Kiya.
“That’s his misfortune. We have sacrificed enough for that ungrateful boy," said Huy. He helped Laylos pack up the picnic, while Kiya watched Dennu walk down the road until he rounded a corner and was out of sight.
“Perhaps we should wait for him here,” she said.
“No need,” said Huy. “If he wants to come back he will know in which direction we have gone.”
Kiya reluctantly joined her aunt and Huy as they set off towards Thebes. They walked in silence along the high road and looked down on a panorama. The swollen Nile filled the bottom of the valley and was dotted with islands, where houses had been built on higher ground. People could be seen, walking on raised pathways or paddling reed boats. Some even waded through the flood in areas where the water was shallow.
On the other side of the road were scattered palms and scrubby vegetation, for the Nile flood did not reach so far and the soil was poor. Beyond the scrub rose the rocky wall that marked the edge of the valley.
They made good progress along the wide, beaten track and, after a while, came to a village with market stalls laid out along the roadway. The houses behind the stalls were small – little more than hovels, but Kiya felt a surge of excitement when she saw them, for they were build from sun-dried bricks, like her own home.
Laylos inspected a baker’s stall. “Those loaves are small,” she said.
“Then buy two,” said the baker. “You look like a woman who enjoys her food.”
“None of your cheek,” said Laylos. “I’ll have one plain and one spiced. Are those honey cakes fresh?”
“Made this morning with my own hands.”
“Hmm. I’ll have three. No, better make it four.”
Kiya felt pleased that Laylos had included Dennu in her calculations. She followed her aunt to a meat stall, while Huy wandered further down the road with Enno.
“We need something we can eat while we journey,” her aunt said to the stall holder.
“I have some dried fish,” he said.
Laylos peered at his offering disdainfully. “Fish? Minnows more like,” she said. “Save them for your sacred cat, such tiny bones would choke a mere mortal. I’ll have one of those smoked duck. How much is it?”
“A tin ring.”
Laylos grimaced but handed over the money.
“Is there anything else you would like?” asked the man as he wrapped the duck in a sheet of papyrus.
“Not at your prices,” said Laylos. “Come, Kiya, I see a fruit stall. We must get some dates.” Kiya looked hungrily at a pile of figs. They were a luxury she had not enjoyed since leaving the temple, but she had no money and was embarrassed to ask her aunt.
Huy returned. “There’s an inn at the end of the village. I suggest we stop for refreshment and get the barrel filled.”
“Good idea,” said Laylos. “I need a wash and a brush up and my stomach tells me it must be nearly lunch time. A hot meal would do us all good.”
The inn was a larger building, set back from the road, with the hieroglyph of a winepress painted on the wall. Huy tied Enno to a hitching rail, next to a trough. The donkey plunged his nose into the water and drank thirstily.
Kiya looked back at the bustling crowd in the market and wondered if she would ever see Dennu again. “If Dennu sees Enno outside the inn, he will know we are in here,” she said.
“Stop fussing about that boy,” said Laylos. “If he wants to find us he will. I think you are starting to have feelings for him, Kiya.”
“No, of course not,” said Kiya. But she was flustered and, under Laylos’s quizzical eye, she could feel her colour heighten. She turned away and followed Huy into the inn.
After the brightness of the day it took some seconds for Kiya’s eyes to adjust to the gloom of the interior. The layout of the building was similar to Fai-Nofre’s inn in Gesem – a large room lined with seating benches and with a counter upon which stood a barrel of beer. There were two rooms beyond the bar - their doors were closed, but Kiya assumed they were bedrooms. A corridor ran between them, leading to a walled yard. The door to the yard was open and an appetizing smell of cooking food drifted into the inn. Kiya’s mouth watered. She looked around the room and could see nobody, not even the inn keeper.
“Service, please!” called out Huy, stepping up to the counter.
The daylight coming from the yard was blocked by the portly figure of a man. He waddled down the corridor with a smile upon his face.
“Can I help you. Sir?”
“What hot food can you offer us?”
“Stew, Sir, and freshly baked bread.”
“What sort of stew is it?” asked Huy.
The man shrugged. “Fish, fowl, meat, vegetables – anything my wife can find in the market.”
“Hmmm” Huy looked doubtful.
“It’s highly recommended, Sir.”
“Very well,” said Huy. “We’ll have three bowls, and some bread.”
Laylos whispered to Kiya, “That inn keeper certainly seems to thrive on his food.”
When the stew arrived, Kiya found it as rich and tasty as its aroma promised. She was wiping up the last of the gravy with her bread when she heard Dennu’s voice. “I have returned to apologise.”
She turned and saw him standing in the doorway.
“Come in, sit down and join us,” said Huy waving him over to the seating platform.
Dennu squeezed in beside Huy and Kiya. “I’m sorry I was so ungrateful,” he said. “I have been thinking about how much you gave up in order to rescue me.”
“Another bowl of your excellent stew!” Huy called to the innkeeper.
“Kiya was worried about you,” said Laylos.
“I’m glad,” said Dennu. “Kiya is one of the reasons I came back.” He patted her thigh with an intimate gesture that embarrassed her.
The innkeeper put a steaming bowl topped by a chunk of bread on the counter. Huy rose to his feet, paid for it and carried it to Dennu “Eat up, boy. You must be hungry after such a tantrum.” He grinned at Dennu, who smiled back sheepishly.
“I must admit, I’m starving,” he said. He grabbed the bowl and started to eat.
Laylos stood up. “Come on, Huy,” she said. “We must return to the market and organise our provisions. You wait here with Dennu, Kiya.” She gave Kiya a wink, then took Huy’s arm and dragged him out into the sunshine.
Kiya’s felt discomfited as she watched the two of them depart. She was only grateful that Dennu was too busy wolfing down stew to notice Laylos’s wink.
There was a long pause, then Dennu said, “This food is excellent. I’m glad I decided to come back.”
“You came back because you were hungry?” asked Kiya.
“Oh no,” he assured her, “I returned because of you. I’ve lost so much, I could not bear to lose you as well.”
“You need not worry,” she said. “I will always be your friend.”
“Friendship? Surely we have more than that? I’m in love with you, Kiya.”
Kiya’s heart sank. “You are mistaken. It is too soon. You hardly know me.”
“What has time got to do with it? I loved you from the moment I saw you. You looked so beautiful and brave standing among those fisherman in the Great Hall. Now that I have lost my powers and my prospects I am free to declare myself.”
“Oh!” Kiya was lost for words. Perhaps Dennu truly did love her. The last thing she wanted was to hurt him, but he was too young, too inexperienced, too arrogant. Compared to Anubis all men must fail for who but he had the wisdom of ages.
“I would do anything for you, Kiya.”
“I would do anything for you too, Dennu, but...”
“You have already proven your love to me. You risked your life to save me.” Dennu leaned forwards and kissed her. She felt his lips, soft but urgent upon her mouth and she pulled away, aware of the curious eyes of the innkeeper upon them.
“No Dennu, you have misunderstood,” she said. “I had to save you because you risked your life for me.”
She saw him look at her with a mixture of hurt and dismay. “What I did for love, you did out of a sense of obligation?”
Kiya opened her mouth to speak but before she could utter a word, Laylos burst into the inn, closely followed by Huy.
“Horsemen are coming!” she cried.

Chapter Twenty One: The Long Road Home
Massui’s men had caught up with them! Kiya felt faint with fear as she listened to hoof-beats pass the inn. Huy ran to the door and peered after the riders, then he turned, his grim face relaxing. “They were not soldiers but messengers,” he said.
“What is going on?” The innkeeper glared at them suspiciously. Kiya tried to smile but was still trembling from the shock of thinking they had been discovered.
A villager burst into the inn. “Did you hear the news, Wajmose?” he said to the innkeeper. “The King is dead!”
“Dead?” The innkeeper’s attention turned to the newcomer.
“Yes, messengers called out as they rode through the village.”
“Long live the new King,” said Huy.
“Indeed.” The innkeeper looked shocked by the news.
“We must be on our way,” said Huy. Kiya followed him as he strolled casually from the inn and they were joined by Laylos and Dennu. “We must not seem to be in a hurry, we have already aroused enough suspicion.” Huy unhitched the donkey and they set off along the road. Kiya glanced back and saw the innkeeper standing in the doorway staring after them. She hurriedly looked away.
The walk to Thebes took several days, staying at inns at night and buying provisions on the way. Kiya tried to avoid talking to Denny and eventually he took the hint and walked in sulky silence.
As their journey progressed, the road became wider and well beaten. Kiya knew they were nearing their destination when they were joined by many fellow travellers. Donkeys laden with barley and oats, women carrying baskets of palm brooms and linen, carts with large pottery vessels full of beer and wine, all headed for the city’s shops and markets. They followed a bend in the road and on the far side of the valley were familiar serrated cliffs and ahead Kiya could see the buildings and obelisks of Thebes.
“There it is!” she cried. “We are nearly home.”
“Thank the gods for that!” said Laylos. “If I had to walk much further my legs would be worn to stumps.”
When they entered the city, they found it bustling with activity. The pubs and wine bars were full of people and everywhere was a hum of conversation. News of the King’s death had stirred Thebes like a stick in a wasps’ nest. Kiya drew the hood of her travelling cloak closely over her head for fear of being recognised and hurried down the busy street, bowed down in the midst of her companions.
“What’s wrong?” asked Dennu. “Are you hiding from someone?”
“Yes,” she replied.
“Who?” He was agog with curiosity.
“Shush, Dennu,” said Laylos and Kiya was grateful she had come to her rescue. “We will tell you about it later, but in the meantime we must get Kiya safely home.”
“Have you heard the news?” someone called out to them from a group gathered near the temple.
Huy gave an acknowledging wave and they hurried on. They would be busy in the temple, Kiya thought, preparing to receive the King’s body before its burial. What of Anubis? How would he be affected by all the commotion? She longed to see him again but felt daunted by the difficulty of getting near the Sacred Lake.
“Don’t dawdle,” hissed Laylos. “I have never seen such a gathering of people.”
“I’m sorry,” apologised Kiya. She quickened her pace and they were soon through the town and out into the deserted countryside. By now darkness had closed in and the moon lit their way along the road.
“Is it far to your parent’s house?” asked Huy.
“No, we are nearly there,” said Kiya and she pointed to where a raised track left the road and ran between the flooded fields. The house and cowshed could just be seen in the distance, high above the waters as if on an island.
Home at last! Kiya’s heart quickened and she ran ahead of the others. No light shone from the window. There was no sign of any occupants. What of her parents were not there? What if they had been arrested? With dread in her heart she knocked upon the door and waited for a response. None came. She knocked again with increased urgency.
Kiya was joined by the others and was about to knock for a third time when her father called down from the roof.
“Yes? What is it?”
“It is I, Kiya,” she cried, relief flooding through her at the sound of the familiar, rough tones. “Please let me in.”
He leaned over the parapet, silhouetted against the moon. “Kiya? By the gods, child, what are you doing down there?”
“I have come home,” she said, but she was talking to air for Teos had disappeared. Moments later the door was flung open and he stretched out his arms.
“Welcome back, Kiya. Come inside quickly before you are seen.” He looked beyond her, peering into the darkness. “But who are these people with you?”
“I am Laylos,” said Kiya’s aunt, coming forwards out of the shadows and offering her hand.
“Ah, Laylos. Welcome. I would recognise you anywhere, you have the look of Ramala. And who are you?” he said to Huy.
“I am an escort,” said Huy, “and this boy, here, is in need of sanctuary.”
“Come in, come in! Oh dear, if only I had known you were coming I would have prepared a better welcome.” He struggled to light an oil lamp, his thick fingers gripping the flint clumsily. “There we are. At least we can see each other properly.”
“Kiya, darling.” Ramala came down the stairs. She was as fragile and beautiful as ever, wrapped in a coarse linen rug. “Why have you come home? It is still not safe.”
Kiya ran to her mother and was clasped in her arms. “I have missed you,” she said and she forced back the tears.
“Oh dear, oh dear, you should not have come home so soon, Kiya. You are in great danger. The house has been watched” said Ramala. “Did your aunt refuse to take you in?”
“Of course I took her in,” said Laylos, moving into the lamplight. “And I have been looking after her ever since.”
Ramala gave a startled cry. “Laylos? Can it really be you? Oh, my dear sister. How often I have thought of you and longed to see you again.”
“This is Huy, darling,” said Teos, interrupting the sisters' reunion. “And this boy is in need of sanctuary.”
Dennu stepped forward. “My name is Dennu. I hope not to intrude upon your hospitality for long.” He bowed with such grace that Ramala became flustered.
“Welcome to our humble home,” she said. “I fear we are ill prepared for visitors, you must forgive us.”
“When you have unloaded the donkey, I will take him to the stable,” said Teos. “I am sure the cow will not mind sharing her hay and water. Perhaps you could see to our guests, Ramala.”
Kiya followed her mother into the kitchen and helped her prepare beer and honey cakes while she heard how the temple guards had come and told her parents that she had been chosen to dance at the temple at Helwan.
“We knew it was a lie, but we pretended to believe it to allay any suspicion that we were involved in your escape.”
Their conversation was interrupted by Huy, Laylos and Dennu carrying bags and packages, which they piled up beside the loom.
Huy, straightened his back with a groan. ”That poor donkey, I now know how he felt.”
“What nonsense,” said Laylos. “Donkeys exist to carry loads.”
While they ate cakes and drank beer, Laylos told Ramala how Kiya had been captured by fishermen and taken to the Nome Lord to be sacrificed. “Fortunately she was saved by Dennu, who was punished severely for his good deed.”
Ramala bowed deeply to the young man. “I must thank you for rescuing my daughter,” she said.
“I saved him as well,” protested Kiya.
“And don’t forget the noble part I played in all of this,” said Huy.
Dennu ignored their interjections and smiled heroically. “It was both my duty and my pleasure, madam.”
Her mother was impressed but before Kiya could say anything to deflate Dennu’s ego, Teos entered with a bundle of straw in his arms. “I regret we have no more mattresses,” he said. “We will have to make your beds from this straw.”
They all helped carry straw and Laylos’s sheets up to the roof and laid them out to form three extra beds. It was a tight fit, but there was room for one beside the family’s mattresses and one at each end. It was agreed that Teos, Kiya and Ramala would keep their usual beds, while the others slept on straw.
“I do hope you will all be comfortable,” Ramala fretted.
“We are so tired we could sleep anywhere,” said Laylos as she got into bed. “Do not worry, dear sister, this will do very well.”
Dennu chose one of the end beds. When they lay down, his head was close to Kiya’s. “I’ve never slept on a roof before,” he said.
Nor on a straw bed, nor in such cramped conditions reflected Kiya. He had sneered at her for being of humble birth. Well, now he knew it to be true. Dennu was wanting to continue the conversation, but she felt humiliated and turned her head away, feigning sleep.

Chapter Twenty Two: Denial
At first light, Kiya rose to make breakfast. She was grinding wheat and barley grains when she heard Huy descend the stairs.
“You have arisen early,” she said. “Breakfast will be a while.”
“I must smarten up,” he replied. “Has your father a spare tunic? And I need a scraper for my stubble.”
Kiya fetched him what he required and he went out to the trough in the courtyard. She listened to him splashing and rubbing and, when he came back, he looked a new man, glowing with cleanliness and with his chin clean-shaven. He was wearing Teos’s tunic.
“I need my things laundered, please,” he said, and dropped his old clothes in a pile in the corner of the kitchen.
Kiya kept smiling with an effort. “You look better,” she said.
“I am going into town to find a job.”
“Already? You have only just arrived.”
“I see no reason for delay,” said Huy. “My future is going to be here, nothing is left for me in Gesem.”
Kiya searched his face, wondering how he felt about having his life disrupted. “Are you sorry that you helped rescue Dennu?”
He grinned at her. “I regretted it once or twice, during the worst bits of the journey, but Thebes is a good place to start afresh. Without you I would not have met Laylos again and the boy has survived, so all is well.”
Kiya smiled at him. “Good. I am pleased.”
He gave a wave and left.
The porridge was cooking over the fire pit when the others came downstairs. First came Dennu.
“Did you sleep well?” she asked.
“Not badly.” He raised an eyebrow as if surprised to see her at work in the kitchen. “I see you are domesticated as well as beautiful.”
“Thank you,” she smiled up at him then turned her attention swiftly back to the porridge.
Teos arrived. “Good girl,” he said. “I am glad breakfast is ready. Dennu and I want to clean out the cow shed.”
“Really?” said Kiya, looking at Dennu in amazement.
“When on a farm become a farmer,” declared Dennu.
Kiya dished the men out bowls of porridge and watched them eat, anxious for their approval.
“Delicious,” said Dennu, politely.
“It needs a little more salt, dear,” said Teos. “But not bad for a first attempt.”
The men finished their breakfast, drank honeyed milk and went to the shed. Kiya stirred the porridge anxiously. Laylos and her mother were late and the mixture was thickening. At last they came downstairs.
“Good morning, Kiya,” said her mother. “I see you have made breakfast.”
“Now there are six of us, it will be hard work keeping everyone fed,” Kiya said as she ladled out the porridge.
“You are a good girl,” said Ramala, taking a bowl and carrying it to the seating ledge. “Your aunt has had an excellent influence on you. You never made breakfast before.”
“Aah, the child is growing up,” said Laylos. “Soon she will have her own household to run.”
Ramala sighed. “How the years fly by. It seems no time since she was a baby.”
Laylos took a bowl of porridge and sat beside her sister. “And what about you, my dear? You seem frail. Have the years not been good to you?”
“I’m so tired, Laylos,” said Ramala, and to Kiya’s dismay, she saw her mother’s eyes filled with tears. “Something is wrong with me in here,” she touched her abdomen.
“My poor sister.”
Ramala spoke in a tremulous voice. “It was a hard birth and I never really recovered. Oh, Laylos, I feel that I am a shadow, living a half-life until death. Poor Teos deserves so much more.”
“I know something of these matters,” said Laylos. “I will pack you with herbs to cure any infection.”
“Really?” Ramala looked up at her sister with hope in her eyes. “Is it possible I might be well again?”
“I cannot promise, but I will do my best.”
Kiya longed, with all her heart, for her mother to be healed. She took the empty breakfast dishes to the kitchen, where she cleaned them quietly so she could hear the conversation. Her aunt lowered her voice so she had to strain to listen.
“Tell me about Kiya’s young man,” Laylos said.
“Young man?” Ramala sounded surprised. “I did not know she had one.”
“She must have, for why else would she spurn the attentions of Dennu?”
“Dennu? Do you think Massui’s son is in love with her?”
“I know it. Have you not seen the way he looks at her, sister?”
“Perhaps he has not declared himself.”
“What nonsense. I have given them plenty of opportunity to be alone together. No, for some reason she is not interested in him.”
“How extraordinary,” said Ramala. “He is such a handsome and charming man, and of high birth.”
Kiya put the dishes away with a vigour that made them rattle. “I wish you would stop discussing me behind my back,” she called out.
“Then come and talk to us,” said Laylos. “Tell us who you love.”
Kiya came through from the kitchen area and stood before the two women. “I don’t love anyone,” she said.
“It must be someone from the temple,” suggested Ramala, “For I have seen no young man pay court to you here.”
Kiya could feel herself blush. “No!” she protested.
“Whoever he is, he must be very special for you to ignore affections of Dennu,” said Laylos.
“Dennu is just a boy,” declared Kiya. “I think of him more as a brother.”
“Young he may be, but a boy he definitely is not,” said Laylos. “You will have to get married soon, Kiya, and few men have such excellent prospects.”
“Oh, shush, Aunt. What good are prospects without love?”
“Spoken as a foolish girl, Kiya,” said Ramala. “At the moment your options are few, indeed. A husband of high standing will be a protection.”
“Besides,” said Laylos. “You say you have no feelings for him and yet I have observed otherwise.”
“We have saved each other’s lives, that’s all,” said Kiya. “It creates a bond, I admit, but it is not love.”
“It seems close enough to love,” said Laylos.
Dennu and Teos entered the room, full of laughter and energy. “What’s going on?” asked Teos.
“Nothing that concerns you,” said Laylos. “We girls have our own secrets.”
“Come, girls, bring your men some beer," demanded Teos. "We are doing real work shovelling muck out of the shed.”
Kiya hurried into the kitchen, relieved that the interrogation was over.
“Where is Huy?” asked Laylos. "Why isn't he with you?"
“He has gone into town to find a job,” called out Kiya.
Laylos looked upset. “Really? He never said anything to me about it.”
As Kiya filled two goblets with beer, she heard Ramala say to Dennu, “Should you wear that gold armlet while you are doing such heavy work?”
“I never take it off,” said Dennu. “It means a lot to me.”
When Kiya carried the drinks back to the men she was dismayed to see that her hands were trembling. Little waves rippled over the surface of the liquid.
Teos must have noticed, for he said, “Are you feeling unwell, Kiya?” as he took his goblet from her.
“I’m fine,” she said and managed a smile. She was conscious of Dennu's eyes upon her as she handed him his goblet. She braced herself for further questioning but was startled by a crash as the front door was flung open.

Chapter Twenty Three: The Funeral Procession
Huy burst into the room. “Quick!” he said. “The whole of Thebes is down at the dock waiting for the funeral barges to arrive. We may just be in time to see them.”
“Oh, good!” said Laylos, rising to her feet. “Come on, sister, I have never witnessed such a thing.”
“You go ahead,” said Ramala, shaking her head with a rueful smile. “I will stay here with Kiya and you can tell us all about it.”
“Please can I go, Mama,” pleaded Kiya.
“No, dear. You must stay in hiding,” said Ramala.
“For how long?” wailed Kiya. “I cannot be stuck in this farmhouse for the rest of my life.” Filled with resentment, Kiya stood in the doorway and watched Laylos, Huy, Teos and Dennu run down the path towards the crowds heading to Thebes on the upper road. She sighed and turned back to where her mother was sitting.
Ramala looked pale and her face was drawn. “I’m sorry, dear,” she said. “Playing host to our visitors has taken all my energy.”
“You must rest, Mama.” Kiya made Ramala comfortable on the seating ledge with rugs and cushions.
She took the goblets into the kitchen and saw Huy’s tunic on the floor. He would be upset if it wasn’t washed by the time he returned home. With a sigh, she picked it up, went out into the yard and dipped it in the tub. It needed a good scrubbing before it was clean and her hands were cold and sore by the time she had finished and hung it over the drying rope.
When Kiya returned to the living room, Ramala was asleep, her breathing slow and regular. On impulse, Kiya tiptoed to the chest, found her travelling cloak and put it on. If she hastened, she told herself, she should be back before Ramala woke and no harm would be done.
Kiya hurried up the pathway. She pulled the hood of her cloak more closely around her face as she joined the people heading to the city. By the time she reached Thebes she was already regretting her adventure. The streets around the temple were packed. She took a short cut through alleyways in the hopes of reaching the quay but found herself at the rear of a giant crowd waiting for the funeral barges to arrive. She could see nothing but people’s backs, but faintly at first and then with increasing volume she heard the sound of mourners wailing in a pulsating unison that made her shiver. She stood on tiptoe and, in the distance, she could make out the tips of oars, raised for docking. The desolate sound continued as more barges arrived and disembarked. Kiya wriggled forwards to try to see the new King descend from his barge. There was the swirling of dancers as music was added to the dirge and then the crowd parted. Kiya found herself looking straight into the eyes of Eopei. Her friend stared and faltered in the dance. Then the crowd closed once more.
Oh, no, thought Kiya. I should never have come! May the gods grant that Eopei did not recognise me. She pulled her hood down further over her face, pushed her way out of the crowd and hurried homewards. How she regretted her foolish impulse to watch the procession. What if her mother was awake upon her return? Heedless of the attention attracted by her haste, she almost ran through the streets of Thebes and along the road home.
By the time she reached the house, Kiya was out of breath and her heart was beating like a hammer. She pushed open the door and was pleased to see that her mother still lay with her eyes closed. She tiptoed to the chest and put away her travel cloak.
“Kiya?”
Kiya whirled round. “Yes, Mama?”
“Ah! You are here. I thought you might have gone to Thebes.”
“Oh no,” said Kiya. “I was told to stay at home.”
“You are a good girl, Kiya.” Ramala gave a light laugh. “You are showing so much more maturity since your visit to your aunt. In the old days, you would have defied us and tried to sneak off to the town.”
Kiya was embarrassed to receive such a mis-placed compliment. She turned away from her mother and hurried into the kitchen. “I must start making flour for lunch,” she said. She took a handful of wheat from the grain jar, placed it in the mortar and started to grind, creating enough noise to prevent further conversation.
“You must grind the wheat more gently, Kiya,” called out Ramala, “or you will wear away the pestle and the flour will be gritty.”
Kiya obediently worked more quietly and by the time Teos, Laylos and Dennu returned, a good pile of flour had been prepared.
“How was it?” Kiya asked as they entered the house.
“Very interesting,” said Teos. “But how fortunate you did not come with us, Kiya. The entire temple was gathered at the quayside to greet the King’s coffin.”
“Tell us about it,” said Ramala.
Kiya listened from the kitchen as the others described the magnificent costumes, elaborate coffin and the beauty of the new queen.
Laylos joined her. “Poor Kiya,” she said. “It must be difficult to hear of such wonders while you are confined to the house.”
“I am fine,” Kiya assured her. “Did Huy not return with you?”
“No, He chose to stay in Thebes. I fear that a peaceful life in the country does not suit him.”
“What a shame. I shall miss him.”
“So will we all,” sighed Laylos. “Here,” she added, handing over a loaf and a leaf-wrapped parcel. “I bought bread and cheese in the market. What a wonderful place it is, such a good selection of herbs. I found everything I need for your mother’s poultices - cubeb, fenugreek, frankincense, turmeric and blue lotus. With such a market I need never worry about a herb garden again."
“That’s good news,” said Kiya, remembering the long hours of work they both spent in her aunt’s garden.
“We will start her treatment this afternoon,” said Laylos. She peered at the flour. “Is this your handiwork, Kiya? How fortunate I bought bread, such flour would be the ruination of my teeth. Come let us serve lunch, I am hungry.”
Lunch was bread and cheese accompanied by dates.
“It is a shame we have no catfish to go with the meal,” said Teos. “We will set the traps this afternoon.”
“That sounds like fun,” said Dennu.
“But first we must finish in the cowshed,” said Teos. He rose to his feet and led the way, followed by Dennu.
After the men had left, Laylos said, “How helpful Dennu is, despite his high birth. You would have thought that farm work was beneath him.” She turned to Ramala. “It’s time for us to start your treatment, sister. Go upstairs and get yourself ready.”
“Can it not wait?” asked Ramala.
“What better time than now?” said Laylos. “All the men are busy and we have the place to ourselves.”
While Laylos mashed up herbs and mixed them with honey, Kiya copied the hieroglyph of the appropriate spell. She felt distracted. Had Eopei seen her? she wondered. If so, what would her friend do? How she wished she had not disobeyed her parents. She was unable even to warn them for fear of their displeasure.
Laylos ladled the mixture into a small linen bag. "Is anything wrong, Kiya? You are very quiet.” Kiya assured her aunt that everything was fine and she followed her up the stairs to the roof, where Ramala lay under a blanket, looking apprehensive.
“Please, Laylos,” pleaded the unwilling patient. “I would prefer to eat your medicine. I’m sure it would be just as effective.”
“No, I’m sorry, sister,” said Laylos. “It’s a poultice and must be placed where the wound is. Now open up your legs and raise your knees.”
“Don’t look, Kiya,” said Ramala.
“Have no fear,” said Kiya. “There are some things a daughter should never see.”
While Laylos started to rummage under the blanket, Kiya turned away and gazed out over the parapet of the roof. In the distance she saw a familiar figure.
“You had better hurry, Laylos,” she said. “Huy is on his way home.”

Chapter Twenty Four: A Declaration
Laylos looked up with a frown. “What back already? It’s not like Huy to give up so early.”
“He does not look dejected,” said Kiya. “He is walking swiftly and will be here soon.”
“No matter, the treatment is done,” said Laylos. "Now, put this spell on your stomach, Ramala, and stay in bed for a while.”
They heard the front door open and Huy enter the house. “Hello?” he called. Laylos and Kiya hurried downstairs. “Congratulate me,” he said. “I have found a job.”
“Already?” exclaimed Kiya.
“What job?” asked Laylos.
“I’m on the temple guard and I start work tonight,” he said. “I’ve come to collect my things. Is my tunic ready, Kiya?”
As Kiya ran into the yard, hoping the garment had dried, she heard Laylos say. “You wasted no time in abandoning us.”
“I cannot hang around here, I’m a soldier, not a farmer.” Kiya pulled the tunic from the rope. It seemed dry enough and she took it into the house. Huy inspected it. “A bit grubby still, but no matter. I can give you back the one I borrowed from Teos.” He pulled the tunic off over his head and stood in just his loincloth while he put on the newly-washed one. Kiya felt embarrassed by his lack of modesty, but could not help noticing that he had a fine body for a man of his age - well muscled and with a flat stomach.
“I can’t believe you found work so quickly!” said Laylos.
“I had a bit of luck,” said Huy. “When you all went to the market I followed the crowd back to the temple. There, in charge of the guard, was my old comrade-in-arms, Mahu. He recognised me, and when the people had dispersed we were able to have a few words. It seems that they need extra security to guard the King’s body and he gave me the job straight away.”
“Oh! It’s just a temporary job then.”
Huy grinned at her. “We shall see, but I have a good friend in Captain Mahu. He has already allowed me to billet in married quarters, rather than in the barracks.”
“Married quarters?" exclaimed Laylos. "Why would you want to do that?”
“They are more spacious, for a start,” said Huy. “And they are in the heart of the city, instead of within the temple walls. Besides, I intend to get married.”
Kiya looked at Laylos and saw that her aunt had gone white. “W-Who are you getting married to?” Laylos asked.
Huy did not reply, but gave Kiya a meaningful look. “I must go and check on my mother,” Kiya said. She ran up the stairs and lingered out of sight so she could eavesdrop.
“Do you remember the old days, Laylos, when we worked at Massui’s palace?” Huy’s voice was deep and gentle.
“That was a long time ago,” said Laylos.
“There was one day in particular. You were in the kitchen making cinnamon biscuits and little Dennu entered in tears. I was filling the beer barrels and watched while you comforted the child. I knew then you were the woman I wanted to marry and would have declared myself but Bai arrived and my chance had gone.”
“You had plenty of other chances,” said Laylos.
“Not so,” said Huy. “You were a high-spirited woman, Laylos and rarely in such a gentle mood. Besides, Bai also had feelings for you and I feared you might reject me in favour of him.”
“Coward,” said Laylos.
“Only in matters of love,” said Huy. “Look at me now, my knees are shaking. Please put me out of my misery, Laylos. Say you will marry me.”
“And become the wife of a soldier?”
Hidden behind the wall, Kiya ground her teeth in exasperation. For the gods’ sake, Laylos, accept him. He is brave, handsome and will make a fine husband. She had to put her hand over her mouth to stop herself calling out.
“Yes, indeed,” said Huy, “and I can assure you that with my experience and contacts it will not be long before I am once more an officer.”
“Oh, very well, Huy,” said Laylos. “I would be honoured to be your wife.”
Kiya gave a sigh of relief and peered around the corner of the staircase. She watched Huy take Laylos into his arms and kiss her with such passion that Kiya felt her body tingle in sympathy. She withdrew back behind the wall.
After a pause, Huy said, “Will you repeat the sacred words that will bind us together?”
“I will.”
“With these words you are my wife, to cherish until the afterlife. At the end of a lifetime spent with you, Thoth will find that my heart is true.”
“With these words I am your spouse to bear your seed and share your house. At the end of a lifetime spent with you, Thoth will find that my heart is true.”
Kiya peered round corner of the stairs again and looked straight into the eyes of Huy. He laughed. “I thought I saw your shadow, Kiya. There is no need to tell you the good news but perhaps you could summon the others.”
“What’s going on?” called out Ramala.
“Huy and Laylos have got married,” Kiya told her.
“That’s wonderful! I’m coming down.”
“You should rest a little longer,” Laylos commanded. But she was too late, Ramala came running down the stairs and embraced her and then Huy.
“Go and tell your father,” Ramala said to Kiya. “This calls for a proper celebration.”
Kiya opened the door to the cowshed and saw Dennu and her father standing at the entrance, gazing out at the floodwater. They were deep in conversation but stopped when they realised that she was there.
“I have great news,” she said. “Huy and Laylos are married.” She led the two men back into the house where Ramala was already pouring goblets of beer.
There was much kissing and hugging and drinking to happiness.
“My dear sister,” said Ramala, “we have only just become reunited and now you are leaving.”
“I will not be far away,” said Laylos. “I will return daily to replace the poultice, and you must come and visit us often.”
“What a pleasure it will be to live near each other,” said Ramala.
“Now we must leave,” said Huy. “I take first watch tonight and all the joy in the world must not make a soldier late on duty.”
“What about all my things?” wailed Laylos, indicating the pile of packages still stacked beside the loom.”
“We will bring them tomorrow,” Teos assured her. And with more kisses and promises of eternal friendship, the happy couple left.
Kiya stood in the doorway and watched Huy and Laylos walk away along the path. They looked back and waved. She returned the greeting and kept smiling although, after so many adventures together, she felt a wrench upon their leaving.
"I hope they will be very happy," said her mother, who stood at her side. "Now, come in quickly, my dear, before you are seen."
Dennu and Teos were waiting for them in the house. “We have solved the problem of what to do with Kiya," said Teos. "Dennu has kindly offered to take her with him to Helwan.”
“What?” Kiya stared at her father in shock.

Chapter Twenty five: A Visitor
“Helwan is a long way away,” sighed Ramala. “Will Kiya be safe there?”
“She will be safer in Helwan than here in Thebes. Dennu will look after her. He has offered to marry her.”
Kiya’s gaze travelled to Dennu who was looking steadfastly at the floor.
"Really? That’s wonderful! Thank you so much Dennu. Will you get a job as a scribe? I am sure Kiya will be very happy.” Ramala was about to embrace her new son-in-law.
“No!” the cry from Kiya’s lips was visceral. How dare they plan her future behind her back! How dare they try to part her from her honey-scented god! “I want to stay here. I don’t want to get married to Dennu.” He looked up and she saw the pain in his eyes. “Or anyone,” she ended lamely.
“They offer is withdrawn,” he said and he walked out of the house.
“Dennu, come back. I’m so sorry!” cried Teos. He gave Kiya an exasperated look and ran after him.
“Are you mad, Kiya?” Ramala turned upon her angrily. “You will never get a better offer. Dennu is from a high-born family and is an educated man. Life as a scribe's wife is beyond anything I ever hoped for you. You could have slaves and fine clothes and be invited to grand events. Run after him quickly. Tell him you have changed your mind.”
Kiya shook her head. “His offer has been withdrawn and, knowing Dennu, it will never be made again.”
Ramala was close to tears. “Why did you reject him. He is charming and handsome and has good prospects. What more could a girl want?”
A god, thought Kiya and longed to tell her mother about her love for Anubis.
Dennu returned late that night. Kiya and Ramala were already in bed but she heard him talking to Teos in the room below. She strained her ears but could not make out what they were saying. She listened to the sound of his footsteps mounting the stairs and wondered whether now would be a good time to apologise and try to make things right between them. But she was tired and decided to leave it until tomorrow.
When Kiya woke the next day she was alone on the roof She went downstairs to find her parents loading Enno with Laylos’s possessions.
“Good morning, Kiya,” said Ramala. “You will be looking after the house this morning. I am going with your father to visit Laylos.”
“Really?” Kiya was surprised. “Are you sure you are fit enough to make such a journey?”
Ramala smiled. “I will not be walking. There is room on the donkey for me to ride and I am longing to see where my sister lives.”
“You do look much better,” said Kiya and, indeed, there was a more vivacity in her mother’s eyes and her skin was less pale.
“Yes, Laylos’s spell is working its magic already. I am feeling stronger than I have for a long while.”
“We won’t be long,” said Teos. “Huy has left plenty of instructions so we should find his place without too much trouble. Will you be all right on your own Kiya?”
“Why? Where is Dennu?” asked Kiya.
"He left early," said Teos. "He has an appointment with Aapep, the scribe."
Kiya waved her parents goodbye and went to the kitchen to make herself breakfast. In her head she ran through the excuses she was going to make to Dennu on his return. She had been tired, embarrassed, caught unawares, she loved him as a brother, she hoped their friendship would continue. She tried, with difficulty, to imagine Dennu softening and forgiving her.
Later, when she was arranging bedding on the roof, she observed a figure walking towards the farm. It was Eopei, dressed in her finest clothes, with a parasol shading her from the sun. Kiya stared at her in dismay. Her fears had been right, Eopei had recognised her at the dock. She watched her friend pick her way delicately along the path between the flooded fields and wondered if she should hide and pretend not to be at home. But Kiya longed to see Eopei again and a meeting might persuade her friend to keep the home-coming a secret.
Kiya went running downstairs and greeted Eopei at the door. “Eopei, how good to see you!” She embraced her friend, smelling the rich patchouli perfume on her skin. “How lovely you look.”
“Oh, this old shift,” said Eopei, with a disparaging gesture at the beautifully woven and pleated garment she was wearing. “But the wig is new, what do you think?”
Kiya thought it too flamboyant. The cascading black ringlets reached half way down Eopei’s back. “It’s lovely,” she said, politely. “I wish I had the courage to wear one that length.”
“Courage? My dear it’s the latest style. Do they not wear them this length in Helwan?”
“Helwan?” Kiya looked at her friend enquiringly.
“Yes, is that not where you have been? We were told you had gone to be a dancer at the Temple of Ptah in Helwan. I was upset that you did not say goodbye.” She gave a pretty pout.
Kiya rallied quickly. “It all happened so suddenly. I barely had time to say goodbye to my parents.”
“So what came of it?” said Eopei eagerly. “Why are you back home? Did you run away? Were you dismissed?”
“I was dismissed,” said Kiya, choosing the easiest option.
“Why? Did you do something awful?”
Kiya swallowed her pride. “They said my dancing was not good enough.”
“Really? No wonder you are too ashamed to tell us you have returned. But you amaze me. I always thought you were such a good dancer. How very interesting.” Eopei’s eyes gleamed with suppressed delight and Kiya knew that she could hardly wait to spread the news.
“Please do not tell Qelhatat or any of the others that I am back,” she said. “We must keep it a secret, just between the two of us.
“Not tell the High Priestess?” said Eopei in surprise. “It’s too late, I have already told her.”
“Oh, no!” cried Kiya.
“What is wrong? Did I do the wrong thing?” Eopei looked flustered. “When I saw you in the crowd I wanted to come and visit you but I thought I had better ask permission. Dear Kiya, I have missed you so much, and now you are cross with me. I am so sorry.” Eopei fluttered her long eyelashes as she pleaded for forgiveness.
Kiya sighed. “Oh Eopei, nobody could be cross with you for long. Would you like a beer?”
“A beer?” she said and pouted prettily. “No thank you, wine is all the thing. Come on Kiya, get your best clothes on and accompany me to Thebes. I know a new wine bar.”
“No, I must stay here. Besides, I have no money to buy wine.”
“I suppose you are out of a job, now that nobody wants you as a dancing girl.” said Eopei with exaggerated sympathy. “Never mind I will pay. It will be a nice treat for you.” She looked through the open door. “Who is that handsome man coming down your path?”
Kiya looked and her heart skipped a beat. Dennu was hurrying towards the farm.
"That’s Dennu, he is a friend, who is staying with us for a while.”
Eopei opened her eyes wide. “Really? You amaze me. A man like that and he is just a friend? Is he married?”
“No.”
“Does he prefer men?”
“No.”
“I am glad. He is one of the best looking men I have seen for a long time.”
“He is just a boy,” protested Kiya.
“A boy?” Eopei shook her head. “I think not. Have I your permission to step out with this boy of yours? I promise you, I will soon make a man of him.”
“No!” said Kiya. “He needs protecting from women like you.”

Chapter Twenty Six: Betrayed
Dennu stood in the doorway, silhouetted against the glare of the sunshine. Kiya hurried to greet him. “Hello Dennu!” She smiled at him but received a stony look that made her heart sink.
“Hello, Kiya.” He glanced beyond her and saw Eopei. “Hello,” he said and this time his voice had warmth. “May I come in?”
“Of course,” said Kiya and stepped aside. “This is Eopei, a friend of mine.”
Eopei offered her hand palm down. Dennu stepped forwards and bowed so he could kiss it. For a long moment Kiya watched his lips press against Eopei’s flesh, then he raised his head. “What lovely soft skin,” he said. “This hand never knew hard work.”
“Oh no,” giggled Eopei. “I am a temple dancer.”
“Another dancer!” exclaimed Dennu. He kept hold of her hand and Kiya noted, with irritation, that Eopei made no attempt to disengage herself. “You mean I am in the presence of two temple dancers. Perhaps you would dance for me? What a delight that would be.”
“We dance only for the gods,” said Eopei with a complacent smile and removed her hand from his grasp.
“Ah, what a pity. I shall endeavour to become as god-like as possible.”
Kiya watched as Eopei glowed under the heat of his admiration. What did Dennu think he was doing? Was he paying attention to Eopei in order to hurt her? In that case he was succeeding.
Eopei showed no sensitivity to Kiya’s feelings. She preened herself and fluttered her eyelashes. “Where are you from?” she asked Dennu. “I have never seen you around here before and I am sure I would have noticed such an attractive man. Did you meet Kiya in Helwan?”
Dennu hesitated.
“Yes,” interrupted Kiya. “He was paid to accompany me home as a body guard.”
“A body guard?” Eopei looked him up and down. “I need a body guard.”
“With that body, I am not surprised,” Dennu said.
“Ha, ha.” Eopei laughed and tilted her head back to show off her long neck. Kiya’s irritation grew to include Eopei as well as Dennu. Her friend was making every effort to ensnare Dennu, despite knowing that she did not have Kiya’s permission to do so. “Are you in need of another job?” Eopei continued. “Would you like to accompany me to a wine bar in Thebes? You can fight off any man who might bother me and your payment will be all the wine you can drink plus a slap-up meal.” She laughed again and Kiya gritted her teeth.
“How can I resist such an invitation?” Dennu said.
“Kiya won’t be coming with us,” said Eopei. “She has to stay and look after the farm. The poor girl has no money, now that she is out of a job.” She turned to Kiya, her eyes bright with malice. “Perhaps you can find employment as a weaver, Kiya. There are plenty of little weaving shops in Thebes.” She fingered her tunic. “I believe to make linen this fine takes many hours of work.”
Kiya stared at her friend, amazed that even Eopei would suggest the lowest of all manual jobs - one that ruined the eyes and twisted the back within a few short years. She kept smiling but feared that her smile had become a rictus. “I told you, Eopei. I have to stay at home, I cannot look for employment in the town.”
“That’s right,” said Dennu. He nodded his agreement at Kiya, then he turned to Eopei. “It is better that nobody knows Kiya is here.”
Eopei shrugged, “Then, perhaps she shouldn’t have come to watch the funeral procession.”
“Did you?” Dennu glared at Kiya.
“I’m sorry...” she was about to make excuses, but he turned away from her.
“It is impossible to guard somebody who will not obey instructions,” he said to Eopei. “I have terminated my duties here and will very happily become your protector.”
“Ooh, good,” she clapped her hands in child-like delight. “Then let us waste no more time. I will wait while you change into something more suitable.”
“I regret that this tunic is all I have with me,” said Dennu.
“Really?” Eopei looked him up and down in, her eyes wide with astonishment. “It’s so old fashioned and it doesn’t even fit!”
“We had to leave in a hurry,” explained Kiya.
“Why?” Eopei demanded. “Did the temple throw you out? They must have been very disappointed with your dancing.”
“Not exactly,” said Kiya, wishing she had never made that excuse.
Eopei seemed about to ask more questions but Dennu turned to Kiya and his expression became one of distant politeness. “I have come to tell your parents that I am moving out and to thank them for their kindness to me.”
The shadows around Kiya deepened as she realised that Eopei’s presence had destroyed any hope of a reconciliation. “Where are you going?” she asked.
“I have arranged to move in with Aapep, the scribe. He needs an assistant and will offer me board and lodging for my help.”
“My parents are not here, they have gone to market. Would you like to wait for their return? I am sure they would appreciate seeing you before you leave.” She could hear the pleading in her voice. If only Eopei would leave and she could speak to Dennu alone, everything could be put right between them.
If Dennu was aware of her anguish, he chose to ignore it. “That won’t be necessary. Please let them know the situation.”
Kiya could not bear his coldness. She tried to smile. “I – I mean- they will miss you.”
He bowed his head in acknowledgement. “I will miss them, they are good people. I’m sorry things have worked out the way they have.”
Kiya would have said more but Eopei took a stick of kohl from her waist purse and positioned herself in front of Dennu. “Let me put some of this around your eyes, it will make you look more fashionable.” Kiya watched in silence as Eopei gently stroked the kohl around Dennu’s eyes, pressing closely against him as she did so. “Hold your head steady,” said Eopei and cupped her hand under his chin. Kiya could sense the sexual tension building and she glanced away. "There, don't you look handsome," said Eopei. “Don’t you think so, Kiya? If we shave your hair and buy you a wig you will be quite the gentleman.” She stood back and looked at his tunic with a frown. "I’m surprised that they do not sell better clothes in Helwan."
"Don’t worry," said Dennu. "The moment I can afford it, I intend to transform myself into a prince of fashion."
Eopei laughed and put her arm through Dennu's. “What fun we will have. Goodbye, Kiya. I’m sorry you are unable to accompany us.” She led him out of the house with a cheery wave.
"Goodbye, Dennu,” called Kiya, but he left without looking back.
Kiya watched them depart. They made an exotic couple. Dennu tall, dark and slender-waisted, Eopei voluptuous yet graceful. She clung to Dennu’s arm and tilted the parasol so they were both in the shade. When Eopei slipped on the muddy path, he slid his arm around her waist to support her. Kiya’s anger turned to depression. Dennu was a fool to fall so easily for Eopei's charms and she was no true friend to have stolen him away. Unbidden, came the memory of Dennu’s kiss in the inn and she felt a pang of jealousy so sharp it was like a knife.

Chapter Twenty Seven: An Irresistible Offer
Kiya made herself lunch of stale bread crumbled into milk but her appetite was poor and she pushed it aside unfinished. Her dejection at seeing Dennu depart with Eopei had turned to a more pressing concern – that of her own safety. How long would it be before soldiers came to arrest her? She should flee now, but she must wait for her parents to come home and tell them what had happened.
The little farmhouse seemed more like a prison than ever. She went up to the roof to watch people passing by on the road, half expecting to see an approaching phalanx of guards. Familiar figures turned down from the upper road – her parents and Enno were returning home at last. She hurried out to confront them.
“Something terrible has happened,” she cried. “Eopei has visited. She discovered that I have returned from Gesem and has told Qelhatat.”
Teos blinked, struggling to take in the news. “How did Eopei find out?”
“I don’t know,” lied Kiya. “Dennu came too - to tell you he has taken lodgings with Aapep, the scribe.”
Ramala dismounted from the donkey. “Perhaps Dennu told her,” she suggested.
“He would never do such a thing!” protested Teos.
“Quick!” Ramala seized Kiya’s arm and dragged her into the house. “We must keep you hidden until we work out what to do. Perhaps you could disguise yourself and live with Laylos and Huy.” She closed the door hurriedly behind them. “If we shave off your hair and dress you in a baggy tunic, you could pretend to be a boy.”
“What? And intrude upon the start of their marriage? Huy would never agree to it and I refuse to cut off my hair.”
“Oh, Kiya, you are such a strong-willed girl,” sighed Ramala. “If only you had agreed to go to Helwan with Dennu.”
Kiya was trying to think of an alternative suggestion when she was startled by a loud knocking.
“Quick, Kiya! Conceal yourself,” hissed Ramala.
Kiya ran into the yard and searched for a hiding place. Sacks were piled in a corner and she crouched behind them, pulling the top ones over her body. Flour dust rose into the air and she tried not to cough. From the house came the sound of conversation. She strained her ears, trying to listen. Her mother was talking to a woman. Was their visitor a neighbour? Hernieth, perhaps. Kiya started to relax and was about to emerge from her hiding place when her mother called out.
"Kiya! The High Priestess wants a word with you."
Qelhatat was here? Kiya felt herself shaking as she rose to her feet. Surely her mother would not have summoned her if she was to be arrested. She brushed the flour from her clothes and ran her fingers through her hair. She must not let the High Priestess see her in such a state. She scooped water from the trough and dashed it over her face and arms. Then, with trepidation, she entered the house and saw Qelhatat standing in her robes of office. The magnificent figure dominated the tiny room. Her elaborate headdress almost touched the ceiling and her cloak shimmered with gold, lightening the gloom. Kiya glanced at her mother and was relieved to see that she was smiling.
“Good morning, Kiya." Qelhatat’s aloof expression did not soften. "I have come to see you on official business."
Kiya bowed and tried to speak formally, though her mouth was dry and her voice quavered. "I am honoured, Highness."
Through the open door Kiya noticed two empty litters resting on the ground. Their porters stood beside them, dressed in the temple uniform of white tunics and gold neck pieces. Qelhatat had not come alone but Kiya could see neither guards nor any sign of who might have accompanied her. Was it Urshu? Kiya’s anxiety increased.
"The High Priestess has promised that you will not be punished for fleeing the temple," said Ramala.
Relief flooded through Kiya. She embraced her mother and went down on one knee before Qelhatat. "I am grateful, your Highness. We have lived in fear of retribution."
She felt Qelhatat’s hand rest briefly on her head as though giving a blessing. “Rise child. You and your family are fortunate not to have been arrested. The sacrifices are a secret, known only to the highest. I must swear you all to silence in this matter or there will be grave consequences.”
“Of course, Highness, not a word to anyone,” Ramala assured her.
Qelhatat turned to her. “I have not forgotten our old friendship, Ramala. I have done my best to hide your and Teos’s involvement in this matter. I hope you didn’t reveal your disbelief to the official who told you the reason for Kiya’s disappearance.”
“We knew he lied but we thought he had come to arrest us so we greeted the information with relief.”
Qelhatat nodded. “That is good.”
“Would you like to sit down and have some beer, Highness?” Ramala indicated the rug-covered platform, which Qelhatat regarded without enthusiasm.
“I think not,” said the High Priestess. “I have yet to state the reason for my visit.” She turned to Kiya. “My business is with you, Kiya.” Kiya gave a start. What could such an important personage want with her? Qelhatat smiled. “You have the great honour of being chosen to be the next High Priestess, my dear.”
Kiya stared at her in astonishment. The next High Priestess? But she was a mere dancing girl, a fugitive from the temple. How could it be? Her knees weakened and she sat on the ledge.
Ramala’s reaction was more robust. She bowed low and kissed Qelhatat’s hand. “This is a great honour, Highness. But why have you chosen my daughter for such high office?”
“She has been selected by one much greater than me, greater than anyone at the temple.” Qelhatat looked at Kiya meaningfully and Kiya felt the blood rush to her cheeks. She meant Anubis. How wonderful. Her heart soared. Anubis had chosen her to serve him for the rest of her life. It would be like a marriage.
Ramala looked worried. “Will Kiya be safe at the temple, Highness?"
Qelhatat nodded. “She will be as safe as I have been, and she will live a life of luxury beyond her dreams with many slaves to do her bidding.”
“Yes, I accept!” said Kiya. “Please Mama, be happy for me. This is the most fantastic thing that has ever happened.”
“Are you sure this is what you want, Kiya?” Ramala’s frown deepened. “A High Priestess does not marry or have children. It is a life without love.”
“I am sure,” said Kiya and knew that, for her, love’s dream had come true.
“I lack the strength to fight against your decision,” sighed Ramala. She looked anxiously at Qelhatat. “I beg of you to protect her, Highness. She is a wonderful girl and very precious to me.”
“I will be retiring, but Urshu will ensure that all is well,” said Qelhatat. She embraced Ramala and then Kiya. Her robes felt stiff and prickly.
“Who has accompanied you here?” asked Kiya, embolden to put the question that had been troubling her.
“I have come alone,” said Qelhatat. “The extra litter is for you, Kiya. It is time to say goodbye to your mother.”
Kiya was flustered. “Must I come with you now? I am not ready, nothing is packed.”
“Everything you need is at the temple,” said Qelhatat.
Kiya stared around the small, mud-brick room, at the loom, the clothes chest, the kitchen with its jars and beer jug. Her life had been spent here, this was her refuge, her cocoon. She needed time to disengage herself and come to terms with leaving. “I can’t go yet,” she cried, but Qelhatat was already leading the way out of the house and ignored her.

Chapter Twenty Eight: The World of Qelhatat
After a moment’s hesitation, Kiya followed the High Priestess and emerged through the front door as Teos came around the corner of the house.
He stopped, his eyes round with astonishment. “What is happening?” he asked.
“Kiya is to be the next High Priestess,” said Qelhatat. "Few women are offered such power and privilege. Your daughter is very fortunate."
“No!” blurted Teos.
Qelhatat frowned. “Do not forget your duty to the temple, Teos. The vows you made as a novitiate priest are still binding, even though you were selected to be Ramala’s husband and protector.”
Kiya saw Teos hesitate. “Be happy for me, Papa," she said. "For I am determined to accept.”
She could see that her father was in awe of the magnificent priestess and, although he was unhappy, he bowed his head and said nothing.
Kiya hugged and kissed her parents. After so short a reunion it was a wrench to say goodbye. “Please persuade the others that I am making the right decision,” she begged.
“That might not be easy,” muttered Teos. “We can only pray to the gods that it is true.”
Kiya stepped into the litter and clung to the sides as it was lifted onto the shoulders of the porters. The swaying motion was unsettling and she let go only long enough to wave to her parents. She watched them hug each other and stare after her, their figures diminishing in the distance as she was carried away. Her heart felt as if it would burst with love for them. This was all so sudden, a brutal wrenching apart of lifelong ties. Her eyes blurred with tears and she blinked them away, determined to look at her parents until even that last link was severed.
Despite their burdens, the porters moved quickly in a smooth jog. They overtook other travellers, who drew to one side and bowed their heads as they passed. Kiya was aware of curious glances and, behind her, she heard the buzz of conversation. She wondered how many people recognised her as a local peasant girl, and felt embarrassed to be travelling in such a grand manner.
When they reached town, the interest was less respectful. People stopped work to stare. One or two waved but Kiya had seen such litters before and knew to sit in dignified silence, looking neither to the right nor the left. She felt more comfortable now she was in Thebes, and hoped that Eopei and Dennu might witness her elevated status. Although she watched for them out of the corners of her eyes, she saw no sign of them.
At the temple, the guards saluted and the litters were carried up the stairs. Dignity forgotten, Kiya gave a squeak and gripped the sides as her seat sloped upwards at an alarming angle. Then the litters were taken through unfamiliar passageways to a shaded courtyard, where they were laid upon the ground.
Kiya rose to her feet, stepped out onto the flagstones and thanked the porters, who bowed without replying. She waited for Qelhatat to rise from her litter, which she did with some difficulty.
“You may leave,” the High Priestess commanded the porters. They bowed and backed out of the courtyard with their litters. When they were gone, Qelhatat turned to Kiya and smiled. “I fear that age has stiffened my joints and the weight of these robes is heavy upon me. Come, child, let us sit for a while.” She led the way to a bench beneath two acacia trees and sank down upon it with a sigh. “Welcome to my world,” she said and patted the wooden seat.
Kiya obediently sat down beside her and gazed around the courtyard, which was full of flowers and sweet-scented shrubs. High walls kept it cool and shaded. Two guards stood by a door, which she knew led to the ceremonial rooms. She looked at them, half hoping that one of them might be Huy, but they were strangers and stared straight ahead without acknowledging her.
“It is beautiful here,” said Kiya. “I remember coming through this garden to pay my respects as a novitiate.”
Qelhatat nodded. “I was sad when you were selected for sacrifice. I thought I was sending you to your death but, instead, Anubis chose you to take my place. You understand that your duties include welcoming him to your bed as a husband?”
“It will be an honour,” said Kiya and felt a squirm of excitement at the thought of having such a lover.
Qelhatat nodded. “It is an honour indeed. I have loved him deeply for many years and I want to pass my commitment on to a worthy successor.”
“I will be worthy,” Kiya assured her. “I promise to serve him faithfully
Qelhatat sighed. “Anubis chose me when I was just seventeen years old – beautiful and a fine dancer. I was sent to be devoured and he asked me to dance for him. When I had finished he rested his hands on my shoulders. I felt him trembling. He told me he desired me as a man desires a woman but the blood lust was upon him and he must leave. With that he dived into the water and was gone. The High Priestess found me the next morning, asleep beside the lake. She knew at once what had happened and that her days as the beloved of Anubis were over. She was kind to me, despite her grief, and I will be kind to you, Kiya.”
“Thank you,” said Kiya. She felt emboldened to ask, “Will Anubis stay imprisoned forever?”
“The future is veiled from us, but Anubis has accepted his fate with dignity. He, of all people, regrets the impulse that makes him crave human flesh.” The High Priestess’s hand reached out and clasped hers. “It is time for you to learn the Ceremony of the Bones. This is a key part of your function as High Priestess.” She gave Kiya a look of great solemnity. “Are you ready for this? The bones are those of a sacred jackal. Once you know their secret, your commitment will be absolute - there can be no turning back.”
Kiya felt a frisson of fear but she had come so far, she could not let her courage fail her now. “I am ready,” she said.

Chapter Twenty Nine: Ceremony of the Bones
Qelhatat led the way out of the courtyard and along a passage. She beckoned to Kiya to walk beside her. “We are going to visit the shrine of Anubis,” she said. “It is a holy and secret place forbidden to all but the High Priestess.” They passed closed doors and turned down another passage. “You will make this journey once a month on the day before the full moon,” said Qelhatat.
Kiya tried to memorise the route, but this part of the temple was like a maze. “What if I get lost?” she said. “Please walk more slowly, so I can try to remember.”
“There is no time to waste,” said the High Priestess. “Do not worry. Urshu will lead you, until you are familiar with the way.”
At last the High Priestess stopped in front of a door. “This is the shrine of Anubis. No one else is allowed to enter, apart from the slave who lights the oil lamps and brazier on the day of the ceremony.”
“What about Urshu?” asked Kiya as she watched the High Priestess push open the door.
“Even Urshu must wait outside,” said Qelhatat. “Follow me, child.”
Kiya followed her into the shrine and looked around with interest. Oil lamps on the walls lit the windowless shrine with their yellow, flickering light. Their smoke blackened the frescos above them but the rest of the painted walls showed Anubis, bright and clear, performing the imagined rites of his godlike status. Here, he supervised mummification, there, he helped Thoth weigh the hearts of the dead. In one scene he was shown throwing the heart of a sinner to Ammut - a monster with the head of a crocodile and the rear of a hippopotamus.
Qelhatat led the way to a full-size marble statue of Anubis, before which burned a brazier of scented wood. On a plinth beside it stood a golden box and a scroll of papyrus.
“You will perform the Ceremony of the Bones here once a month,” Qelhatat told her. “It is fortunate that you have been discovered in time for the ritual - there need be no delay in handing over.” Qelhatat took the scroll and unrolled it slightly. “Here is written the designated prayer to Anubis. You will soon be able to repeat it by heart.” She showed the scroll to Kiya, who peered at the hieroglyphs and hoped she could remember what they meant.
“Our beloved Anubis.” Qelhatat’s voice slowed and deepened into ritual chant. “Lord God of Death, smile upon us, we beseech you. Let your mercy shine upon this temple. Please accept our humble offering. May her flesh be the bread of life, may her blood be like wine. Our sister will sustain you and make you happy to stay with us. For thus it was ordained by Amun.”
Kiya shivered as she heard the words. To her fevered imagination it seemed as if the eyes in the paintings swivelled towards them as the gods listened to the prayer. Kiya watched Qelhatat kneel, open the golden box, and scatter its contents on the stone floor. Within the box were ribs and long bones, all yellow with age. They fell in a complex pattern.
Qelhatat rose to her feet and handed Kiya the scroll. “Which of these hieroglyphs has been copied by the bones?” she asked.
Kiya unrolled the scroll and examined it. Below the prayer to Anubis were columns of hieroglyphs, written by an amateur hand, very different from the exquisitely-inscribed prayer. Many of the hieroglyphs had been crossed through and those she ignored, but among the remaining, she found one that matched the pattern. “This one,” she said.
Qelhatat looked at it and then she looked at Kiya. “You understand, Kiya, that each of these hieroglyphs is the name of a dancer.” Kiya nodded, she had come to that realisation. This must have been how she herself had been selected for sacrifice. Qelhatat continued to look at her and there was something in the High Priestess’s expression that chilled her blood. “I am sorry, Kiya. I know she is your friend, but the gods have decided to test your resolve to the limit. The hieroglyph chosen by the bones is... Eopei.”
Kiya stared at Qelhatat. “There must be some mistake,” she cried. She hunted through the hieroglyphs but could see none other that resembled the pattern of the bones. When she looked up, Qelhatat was watching her with pity in her eyes.
“This is not of your doing, Kiya. The gods have spoken.”
“Please, can we throw the bones again?”
“No. It is not allowed.” Qelhatat held up her hand to stop any further protests. “The judgement must be in the hands of the gods alone. That way you are saved from the agony of remorse.”
“What about grief?” said Kiya, thinking of Eopei’s happy smile and the soft warmth of her embrace.
“Nobody can prevent your grief, Kiya. As High Priestess you will carry a heavy burden. But you must save others from pain. It is up to you to tell the remaining girls a lie. There are many reasons a dancing girl might leave the temple. Perhaps she has gone to dance elsewhere, perhaps she has retired and returned to her parents, perhaps she has got married, perhaps she has been dismissed.”
Kiya remembered the girls who had departed. “What about Makara?” she said. Makara had been a beautiful Cretan girl, who had looked after Kiya when she first became a dancer. Makara returned to Crete to get married. So swift was the proposal that she didn’t have time to say goodbye, but she left the dancers a flagon of wine with which to drink to her happiness. Qelhatat nodded but said nothing and Kiya felt tears spring into her eyes.
“Your resolve will soon harden,” said Qelhatat, taking the scroll from her and rolling it up once more. “You may retrieve the bones, but do so with care, they are fragile.”
Kiya knelt on the floor and picked up the bones. They felt greasy against her fingers and had a strange warmth that made her skin cringe. She placed them into the casket and handed it to Qelhatat.
“Our task here is finished. Tell nobody what has happened in this room,” said Qelhatat as she returned the scroll and casket to the plinth. “Come now, we must make haste.” Qelhatat led the way out of the shrine and Kiya, with a heavy heart, followed.

Chapter Thirty: The Hidden Phial
They hurried back through the corridors and crossed the courtyard, which no longer seemed beautiful to Kiya, but deep, like a pit, within its imprisoning walls. The guards bowed as Qelhatat approached and one of them opened the door to her rooms.
Kiya remembered the delight with which she had first seen the murals of the antechamber. The skill of artists had brought the outside indoors, with men hunting ducks, harvesting corn and punting through papyrus reeds. Now she wished she was back in the countryside far away from the oppressive atmosphere of the temple.
At the far end of the antechamber was a pair of gilded doors, made from rare hardwoods. Kiya followed Qelhatat as she pushed open the doors and entered the throne room. The thought that she would soon be sitting on the throne at the centre of the room filled Kiya with apprehension. The trappings of a High Priestess would hide a weak, soft-hearted peasant girl.
She paused to look around the room, which had so impressed her as a novitiate. Rows of pillars supported the ceiling, their tops shaped like lotus buds. All around the walls ran benches, cushioned with fine tapestries. Vases of flowers fragranced the air and light poured in through high windows. It was a grand room but the feminine touches of embroidery and flowers softened the atmosphere and made it welcoming.
It had been two years since Kiya had been in the throne room. She remembered how she and Eopei had joined the temple at the same time, awed by the magnificence of the High Priestess, who welcomed them. How happy she had been then, with a world of possibilities opening before her. Kiya stared up at the ceiling, where a flock of painted doves flew across an azure sky. Freedom or responsibility? She no longer had a choice, the bones had been cast.
“Do not dawdle, child,” said Qelhatat. “I wish to show you the bedroom.” She held open a door at the back of the throne room. Kiya entered and saw it was a simpler room, painted white and sparsely furnished. Clothes stands stood against one wall, bearing the official robes of the High Priestess, topped with ceremonial wigs. On a plinth beside the bed gleamed the golden crown of office. A chair and dressing table were the other furniture, also a cedar-wood chest. Kiya peeped in and found it contained neatly-folded linen.
”Those are your sleeping shifts,” said Qelhatat.
“What about you? Where are your things, Highness?”
Qelhatat shook her head. “I have moved out, Kiya. My work here is nearly done. There is one last thing I must show you.” She went to the plinth and opened a hidden door. “Tomorrow is the night of the full moon. You will find a small glass phial hidden within this compartment. It will contain a sleeping draught, which you must administer to the girl who is to be sacrificed.”
Kiya nodded, but the horror of the deed twisted like a knife in her gut. Qelhatat closed the door and laid her hands on Kiya’s shoulders. “Be strong, child. The pain of the sacrificed is over in a moment. Your suffering will last a lifetime if your resolution weakens and you let guilt overwhelm you.
“I’m not sure that I can do this,” faltered Kiya.
“Anubis would not have chosen you if he felt you lacked courage,” said the High Priestess. “Remember, that without you, he would either die or break the bonds of his prison and spread terror through the land. You provide a service not only to the god you love but also to your country.”
Kiya had not thought about it in this way and took comfort from Qelhatat’s words. With a strengthened resolve she asked, “Who places the phial in the pillar?”
“Urshu,” said Qelhatat. She came close to Kiya and said, almost in a whisper, “Urshu is the one who truly runs things here. The High Priestess is a figurehead who must do as she is told. Beware of him, Kiya. He has a knife like a long needle, made from star metal. It can slide through the body and pierce the heart, then be withdrawn, leaving scarcely a trace of a wound.”
Kiya had heard of star metal – more precious even than gold. It was found by nomads in the desert, where shooting stars fall. A knife made from star metal would be hard and sharp and she shivered at the thought of such a needle-blade.
“He calls it his problem-solver,” continued Qelhatat. “Be careful that he never considers you a problem.”
“What if I decide not to be the next High Priestess?” asked Kiya, horrified by the thought of Urshu’s justice.
“After all that I have told you? That would be a problem, indeed.”
Qelhatat looked around the bedroom and sighed. She seemed so old and vulnerable that Kiya was sorry for her.
“Where will you go, Highness? Will you be provided for?”
“Do not worry about me, Kiya.” The High Priestess gave her a grateful smile. “I knew this day was coming and I have made preparations. Anubis has long ceased to desire me. We humans age quickly compared to gods.” Qelhatat clapped her hands. Two slaves came into the room and stood with their eyes cast down, waiting for instructions. “Prepare the new High Priestess.”
Kiya stood, trying to hide her embarrassment as the slaves undid the shoulder straps of her tunic and she stepped out of it, naked.
Perfumed oil was rubbed into her skin and then a pleated tunic was taken from one of the stands, so finely woven that it was translucent. Over that came a green cloak embroidered with ostrich feathers. Kiya was led to the dressing table and sat, while her face was painted and on her head was placed an elaborately coiffured wig.
The slaves left the room. “You certainly look the part,” said Qelhatat. “and I am sure you will be able to perform your role with ease. It is nearly time for you to take the dance class.”
The dance class! With all the revelations about the High Priestess’s duties, Kiya had forgotten that she was also a dance instructor. “I am not qualified to teach the girls,” she protested. “Please stay a bit longer, Qelhatat, so I can learn from you.”
“You do not need help, child,” said Qelhatat. “You were one of my best performers and you should know all the steps by now. The key is to gain the respect of the girls and you will not do that by relying on me.”
Kiya would have continued to beg, but there was a knock on the door and the voice of Urshu called. “It is time to take the class, Highness.”
“Good luck, my child,” said Qelhatat and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
“Will I see you again?” asked Kiya.
“I doubt it,” said Qelhatat, with a sad smile.
“I want to thank you...” Kiya’s sentence remained unfinished as Urshu burst into the room.
“Did you not hear me summon you? The dancers are waiting.” Urshu’s irritation showed and Kiya realised that she could expect little respect from him.
“I am coming,” she said and she followed him from the room, throwing one final glance at Qelhatat, who had turned away and was staring up at the high window, as if lost in her memories.

Chapter Thirty One: A Warning
Wordlessly, Urshu led the way to the assembly room. All who encountered them showed respect. Servants and slaves stopped and pressed back against the wall of the passageway to allow them ample room to pass. Kiya bowed in acknowledgement but Urshu swept on, oblivious to those around him. As they drew near, the chatter of dancing girls became louder. They fell quiet as Urshu entered the room. Kiya paused in the doorway and every eye turned to stare at her.
“Good afternoon, dancers, may the blessings of the gods be upon you.” Kiya was glad that her voice expressed a confidence she did not feel.
“Good afternoon, Highness,” came the reply.
“Today we will practise the dance for the Festival of Amun. Please form your groups.” Kiya clapped her hands and the drummer started to tap his drum. “Remember that the priests, who carry the statues, will move slowly beneath their weight, so you must take tiny paces. Smile, this is a joyous celebration, a holiday for the gods.”
The dancers smiled – all but Eopei, who scowled at her and then looked away. Kiya was troubled by her friend’s response. Somehow she must get a warning to her without arousing Urshu’s suspicion. Kiya was aware of the dark presence of the man as he stood against a wall, watching the proceedings.
When the dancers had mastered the progressional steps, Kiya introduced arm positions to the dance. Those following the statue of Amun the creator held their arms curved above their heads to represent the creation of the world. Those following the statue of Mut, his wife, held their arms forwards like the embrace of a mother. Those following the statue of Khonsu, their son, held their arms outwards like a hovering hawk.
“Hold your arms steady as you dance and do not let them droop as you become tired. It is a long distance from the temple to the quay and the gods will accept nothing less than perfection.”
After a while, Urshu stepped forwards. “It’s time to prepare for the Dance of Safe Passage, Highness.”
“Very, well.” Kiya clapped her hands and slaves ran into the room, carrying wigs and boxes of make up. While they prepared the dancers for the ceremony, others carried in trays of spiced wine and set them on the table.
After the last slave left the room, Kiya spread her arms. “Greetings.” Her voice croaked so she cleared her throat and started again. “Greetings, dancing girls. May your performance delight Amun-Ra at the going down of the sun so his chariot will rise again in the morning and carry him across the heavens.”
“So be it,” murmured the girls.
Kiya moved to the table and the girls lined up to collect their drinks. One by one they came up to receive a goblet from her.
“May this wine loosen your limbs so you dance to the glory of the god.”
“So be it,” each one replied.
Soon all the girls were drinking their wine and, when they finished, they brought the goblets back to the table. The atmosphere relaxed as the wine took effect. Kiya wondered how she could get word to Eopei. As it was, her friend solved the problem. When she returned her empty goblet, Eopei said in a low voice. “You have done well for yourself, Kiya.”
“Arrest that girl and take her to my rooms!” commanded Kiya.
Two guards emerged from the shadows of the corridor, entered the room and stood on either side of Eopei.
“I am sorry! I did not mean anything!” the poor girl was wide-eyed with fear. The guards grabbed her arms and marched her away, leaving the other dancers standing in nervous silence. Kiya glanced at Urshu. He had been near enough to hear Eopei’s comment but he looked back at her with raised eyebrows and she feared that his suspicions had been aroused.
“Eyes down for the prayer to Amun-Ra,” said Kiya. She knew the words by heart, having heard them every evening for two years. Afterwards, Kiya raised her hand and unseen musicians started to play in the temple. She turned to Urshu. “Supervise the dancing. I must go and interview the insolent girl. I am sure you agree that any familiarity must be severely dealt with.”
Urshu said nothing, but looked at her, his eyes as sharp as flints, before bowing in acquiescence.
When Kiya entered her quarters she saw Eopei standing in the anteroom with a guard on either side. Kiya walked passed her and entered the throne room, where she took her seat upon the throne. She clapped her hands.
“You may bring in the dancing girl.” The guards entered dragging Eopei between them. They stood in a line before her. “You are dismissed,” Kiya told the guards. The two men released Eopei and backed away, but instead of leaving the room, they stood on either side of the door. Kiya frowned. “You may leave the room,” she commanded but the guards appeared not to hear her and remained standing in their positions.
Kiya was dismayed. There must be a temple rule about leaving the High Priestess unattended. This was going to be a more difficult conversation than she had envisaged. She turned her attention to her friend, who looked frightened and kept her eyes lowered to the floor.
Kiya felt pity for her fear. “Don’t worry, Eopei,” she said. “This is just a gentle warning that you must forget our old friendship and always address me as Highness.”
At these comforting words, Eopei straightened up and looked Kiya in the eye. “Yes, Highness.”
Her voice was slightly slurred and Kiya knew that the powerful wine she had drunk was taking effect. “I am sure you understand the importance of showing the High Priestess respect, Eopei. The other girls must be taught to revere the position.”
“I suppose so,” said Eopei.
Kiya leant forward and lowered her voice. “I want you to promise me one thing, Eopei. If ever you are alone in the temple you must not go near the Sacred Lake.”
Eopei raised her eyebrows. “But I am never alone in the temple. We are not allowed to be.”
“Just promise me, Eopei. It’s very important.” She glanced at the guards, who looked straight ahead and appeared to be taking no interest in the conversation. Were they Urshu’s spies? She wondered how much of this interview would be reported back to the Dance Master.
“Very well, I promise,” said Eopei, but without conviction. “By the way, Dennu sends his love.” Kiya was taken aback by this sudden change of subject. She felt herself colouring and hoped her heavy makeup would hide her blushes.
“You must call me Highness, when you address me, Eopei. I do not wish to have to tell you again.”
“Very well, Highness. Dennu was as astonished as we all were when you became High Priestess.” She was becoming bolder and her resentment showed.
“It is not permitted to discuss the past, Eopei. I am living a new life now.”
“I am sure we are all happy for you – Highness. My life too is a happy one and I must thank you for introducing me to such a delightful lover.”
Kiya glared at her. Like a gnat, Eopei had the talent of finding a sensitive spot to chew upon. “The past is over,” she said, then spoke quietly and with great emphasis. “Heed my warning, Eopei, it is very important.”
Eopei looked at her, her eyes bright with merriment. “What warning? Not to mention Dennu?”
“I did not mean...” Kiya stopped and glanced at the guards. Further conversation was pointless, while her friend was in such a mood. “Go and join the other dancers, Eopei, and remember what I told you.”
“Yes, Highness.”
Kiya clapped for the guards, who came forward and stood on either side of Eopei.
“You may take her back to the Assembly room,” Kiya said. She watched her erstwhile friend depart, a graceful figure between the two burly men. Eopei’s hips swayed as she walked, her rounded buttocks outlined by the flimsy dancing tunic. Kiya tried not to think of Eopei and Dennu making love - such thoughts would be a betrayal of her friendship for both of them.

Chapter Thirty Two: The Deed is Done
Kiya passed a restless night. Trouble upon trouble weighed upon her mind. Would Eopei avoid being sacrificed? What would Urshu think if no sacrifice took place? How would Anubis react to being deprived of a meal? The bed she lay on was wide and the mattress made from the softest down, but it might as well have been the cold, hard ground for all the sleep she got.
Finally, as the sky lightened into dawn she fell into a doze, only to be woken by a knocking on the bedroom door.
“Come in.”
Slaves entered carrying a bowl of hot water, a folding stand and towels. They set up her washing facilities then bowed and left the room. Kiya lay in bed feeling dazed. She smelt the steam from the bowl. It was scented with jasmine, and she rose to wash while the water was still hot. There was a pot of swabu, which she used to lather her body and clean her hair. By the time she had finished and wrapped herself in soft towels, she was glowing.
Another knock. This time it was presumptive, and the door opened before Kiya could give permission for entry. Urshu stepped into the room and gave a brief bow.
“I regret you found it necessary to discipline a dancing girl,” he said. “In future you can refer such problems to me.”
“I do not tolerate insolence,” Kiya replied and summoned up enough courage to add, “Please respect the privacy of my bedchamber.”
He ignored her admonition, crossed over to the bedside pillar and put something inside the hidden compartment. “It is the time of sacrifice. Remember to bring the sleeping drug to the ceremony.”
“Of course,” said Kiya.
Urshu bowed and backed out of the room. Kiya stared after him. He was the maggot in the pomegranate, the ant in the honey. She had always disliked the man, but now she feared him.
Later, having been dressed and made-up, Kiya was left alone in her splendour to wait for the long morning to pass. She wandered around the bedchamber and then around the throne room, surely there was something she could be doing. In need of fresh air, she entered the courtyard and sat on a bench. The shadows crept downwards as the sun rose higher in the sky. Thoughts of Eopei tormented her. She should have spoken to her for longer, made sure she understood. Even though Eopei had teased her about Dennu, she should not have cut the interview short.
A slave entered the courtyard carrying a tray. She unfolded the legs to form a table and placed it beside her, then backed away, bowing low. Kiya regarded her lunch. There was a goblet of wine, a fruit bowl and a plate of cakes. She picked up a fig and sank her teeth into its juicy sweetness. It tasted delicious but a person should not have to eat alone. Kiya longed for the conversation of friends and family. She sighed, dreading the years of loneliness that faced her.
After lunch, Urshu returned. “It is time for afternoon dance practise, Highness.” He looked meaningfully at her and she understood that it was time to collect the sleeping draught.
“Wait here,” she said. She went into her quarters, through the anteroom, with its murals of the life she had left behind, through the throne room with its splendour of the life she now led, to the bedroom where the true purpose of her existence lay in the tiny phial hidden in the stand. She took it out and stared at it. The sun shone through the glass making the magenta liquid inside glow like a jewel. She shook it and the sleeping draught clung to the sides like an oil.
Kiya slipped the phial into the folds of her belt and walked from the room. She would not be poisoning Eopei by giving her its contents, merely causing her to sleep. What happened next was up to her friend. If she heeded the warning, she would remain safely in the temple - or did Anubis hunt his prey like a beast? Kiya shivered at the thought.
When she returned to the courtyard, Urshu looked her up and down. "Do you have it hidden?" he asked.
"Of course."
"Very well." He turned and led the way to the assembly room.
Kiya paused in the doorway, gazed upon the girls and felt pity for their innocence. “Good afternoon, dancers, may the blessings of the gods be upon you.”
“Good afternoon, High Priestess,” came the reply.
“Today we will practise the farewell dance. This is performed on the quayside while the statues are carried onto the boat. A full orchestra and singers will accompany you to celebrate the joyous occasion. You dance as individuals, each one of you wishing the gods a happy holiday and a safe return.”
The girls already knew the steps and twirled and waved, while Kiya checked that all performed the dance correctly.
All too soon it was time for the sunset ceremony. The dancers were prepared, the wine placed upon the table and Kiya handed a goblet to each girl.
Every time Kiya turned to the table her cloak hid the goblet from the line of girls. It was easy to pour the contents of the phial into Eopei’s drink, when she was next in the queue. Kiya glanced at Urshu as she did so and saw that his hawk eye was upon her.
Music started in the temple and the line of dancers moved into the great hall. Kiya watched Eopei as she followed the others into the shadows.
“I will return to my rooms,” she said to Urshu, keeping her expression bland to hide the turmoil inside her. He bowed and said nothing.
As Kiya walked back she noticed that the corridors were deserted. The slaves, servants and guards who usually peopled this part of the temple had gone, leaving no witnesses to the happenings of the sacred night.
When she reached her room she found a supper laid out of cold meats, bread and beer. She had thought she was not hungry, but the smoked duck and venison were delicacies rarely enjoyed before and she ate and drank.
When she had finished she clapped her hands. Immediately several slaves entered the room with a basin and stand. One removed the supper tray. Others undressed her and placed her robes and wig on a clothes stand and the crown on the plinth beside her bed. She was bathed in warm scented water and dressed in a simple night shift, then the slaves bowed and departed.
Kiya lay in bed and listened to the distant sound of music coming from the temple. Tonight Anubis would be released from the Sacred Lake. Tonight she would be reunited with her god. Despite her fears for Eopei, excitement flooded through her. Kiya rose from the bed and danced across the room, slowly at first but with increasing speed, whirling to the tempo of the drums. The dance ended with a sudden silence. In the temple her erstwhile friends would have sunk to the floor. Alone in her chamber, Kiya stood, her stomach a field of fluttering butterflies.
What should she do now? Should she wait in her room for Anubis to come to her? Would he be angry if there was no sacrifice? Perhaps she should go to the Sacred Lake and greet him and try to explain what had happened.
Wearing only the shift and with bare feet she walked through the throne room and across the anteroom to the door and peered out into the deserted courtyard. Should she go or should she stay? In her agitated state of mind inaction was intolerable and she decided to go and greet Anubis at the lakeside.
She reached the Great Hall of Amun-Ra and paused. Without oil lamps the darkness was absolute. Kiya crept forwards, feeling the same stirring of panic that she had experienced in the hidden passageways of Massui’s palace. Somewhere in the blackness lay Eopei, sleeping off the effects of the potion. Kiya hoped she wouldn’t trip over her. At last she saw the silver glimmer of the Sacred Lake and with eager footsteps she hurried towards it.

Chapter Thirty Three: Sacrifice
Kiya stood beside the lake and stared at its burnished surface, waiting for Anubis to appear. All was quiet, as if the world was holding its breath. Her heart was throbbing within her breast and she imagined she could hear it in the silence, like a temple drum heralding the coming of her god.
A luminescence glowed from the depths and Kiya fixed her eyes upon it. The light grew stronger and she saw Anubis's jackal-head emerge from the water. He gazed at her and his thin black lips curved into a smile. As she watched, the rest of his body rose from the lake until he stood upon the surface. She perceived, to her amazement, that he was not wet - his kilt hung in perfect pleats and there was no gleam of moisture on his skin.
“You have come back to me, Kiya,” he said in a voice as deep and rich as liquid gold. He walked across the water towards her with his arms outstretched, his body beautiful in the moonlight. Scarcely able to breathe, she waited for him until he reached the shore and stepped up to stand beside her on the pathway. The aura of his honeyed scent surrounded her and she longed for a kiss - but how could the mouth of a jackal perform such a greeting? Instead he took her hand and pressed it against his chest, his skin warm beneath her touch.
“You have consented to be the new High Priestess. I am glad. I am yours, even as you are mine.” His voice was hypnotic and she felt the strong beat of his heart through the thickness of his muscles. He encircled her with his arms and she relaxed in the warmth of his embrace. All misgivings were forgotten – he was everything she remembered and more. The loss of friends and family, the responsibilities of office, the dangers and disappointments were nothing compared to the joy of being loved by such a god.
For a long time he held her close and then he released her and stepped away. “Our time has come at last,” he said and looked deep into her eyes.
She smiled up at him and whispered “Yes.”
He took her hand and led her to a grassy bank surrounded by low bushes. “You look beautiful,” he said. “From the moment I first saw you I knew there was something special about you.” She stood before him and made no resistance as she felt his nimble fingers undo the shoulder-straps of her shift. “How I have longed for this moment,” he said. “After you fled from me, I feared that I would never see you again.”
“I’m sorry,” she said, distracted by the slithering feeling as the shift fell to the ground at her feet. She saw his eyes shine in the moonlight as he regarded her nakedness.
“It is I who should apologise,” he said. He took her hands and lowered her down onto the grass, then he lay down beside her. “Never again will I allow the beast within me to frighten you.” His hand cupped one of her breasts and rubbed her nipple making it swell until it ached with pleasure. He caressed her other breast and she moaned, overwhelmed by the erotic, sensations created by his touch. She longed for him to caress her breasts forever, but he began to stroke the rest of her body. His hand was warm against her skin and, as it moved, she felt a tingle as if a shower of tiny stars loitered in its wake. Kiya closed her eyes and concentrated on the exquisite touch of his fingers, as they trailed across her stomach. He lingered, teasingly in her most intimate places until she opened her body to him as a flower opens to the sun. Then, when her desire for him reached a peak, he paused.
“Who is there?” His angry voice shattered the enchantment.
Kiya opened her eyes and saw that Anubis had sat up and was staring towards the temple. She twisted her neck and, over the low bushes, she saw Eopei standing in the shadows. Oh, no! her friend had disobeyed instructions not to come near the lake. Paralysed by the abrupt cessation of their lovemaking, Kiya watched Anubis leap to his feet.
“Be not afraid,” he said and walked towards Eopei with a slow grace that reminded Kiya of a stalking animal. Eopei gazed at the approaching god with a mixture of fear and astonishment. “Tonight is a special night and you are my chosen companion.” His resonant tone calmed her and she made no attempt to flee.
“You have chosen me?” Eopei flicked a quick look at Kiya, who sat up and reached for her shift. “Are you sure?”
“Come, walk with me beside the lake.” Anubis held out his arm and Eopei took it. The god’s thrilling voice and beautiful body were affecting Eopei just as they had Kiya.
“Stop, Eopei, do not go with him,” called out Kiya.
Eopei gave her a look, half of pity and half of triumph, then she turned back to Anubis.
Kiya watched them walk away, her body aching for consummation. Anubis was talking to Eopei, telling her of the wonders of the grassland that now was desert. He was allowing her time to be entranced and Kiya watched as he slid an arm around her waist and pulled her close so she could rest her head upon his shoulder.
“Come back Eopei, please!” called out Kiya in a last desperate attempt to save her friend. But neither she nor Anubis responded to her call. They walked away in the moonlight as if they were the only two people in the world.
Kiya was filled with black depression. She felt rejected, ignored, powerless to control Anubis or save her friend. She rose to her feet, her knees weak and shaking, and put on her shift. Then she stood in the shadows, and watched Eopei and Anubis stroll round the lake, absorbed in each other like lovers. Her depression changed into anger. How dare Eopei disobey her. How dare she think she could take any man from her - first Dennu, then Anubis. Eopei couldn’t bear Kiya to have sole possession of anything or anyone. As for Anubis, he had played with her body as a musician plays an instrument, then he had abandoned her to walk with another. He was a practised seducer, a lover of infinite experience. What could a girl like her really mean to such a man? The night was getting colder. Kiya shivered. There was nothing left for her to do. She had no more control over events than an ant drowning in mead. She left the lake and walked through the temple back to her room.
Later, as she lay tossing and turning in bed she heard a howl. Was it the sound of triumph after a kill? Was it Anubis summoning her back to continue their love making? Was it merely a wild jackal howling in the graveyard? Kiya had had enough. She pulled the coverlet over her head to shut out the sounds of the night.
Shortly after, the coverlet was raised and a naked man slipped into the bed beside her. Kiya knew from the heat of his body that it was Anubis. “It’s time to finish what we started, my beloved,” he said.
She smelt blood and knew he was fresh from the kill. “No!” she moaned.
He was already caressing her, but he stopped at once and lay still beside her. “You are a virgin?”
“Yes.”
“Ah, my precious one, I will be patient. Next time, wait for me here in your bedchamber until I have feasted, then there will be no interruption.”
“I fear I was too eager to see you,” she said and turned away from him to avoid the rank odour of raw meat upon his breath.
“Do not worry, all is well.” He cradled her in his arms, his body wrapped around hers. Cosy within his embrace and exhausted by the emotions of the day, she slept.

Chapter Thirty Four: New Girls
The next day Kiya woke alone. Sunlight streamed into her bedroom, birds sang and, in the bright new day, the events of the night before seemed like a dream. She stared up at the ceiling and wished that she could swim back through the river of time and change what had happened. If only she had given Eopei a clearer warning, done more to protect her beside the lake. Kiya turned her head and saw that a breakfast tray was already beside the bed. She regarded the grapes and little cakes with disinterest. She didn’t feel hungry, indeed, she doubted if she would ever want to eat again.
In her mind Kiya rehearsed what she would say to the girls when she took the afternoon dance practice. She tried to remember Qelhatat’s demeanour when she had told such lies in the past – a bland benevolence at being the bearer of good news.
Despite Kiya’s anxiety the deception went well. After greeting the dancers gathered in the assembly room she said, “I have a message from Eopei. She has returned to Nubia for her brother’s wedding, but she will be back soon.” She was aware of some heads raised and puzzled eyes upon her. “A guard of honour arrived for her late last night. They were anxious to set off on their journey home and so I allowed her to leave.” Kiya looked around and could see that all were now satisfied with her explanation. She glanced at Urshu, who gave a slight nod. They were accomplices, collaborators in an evil scheme to prey upon the innocent. With a heavy heart she started to school the dancers.
As the days passed, Kiya gradually sensed that something was wrong. There was a nervousness among the soldiers, conversations that stopped as she approached.
“What is going on?” she asked Urshu.
“I am sure there is nothing for you to worry about, Highness.” His smile was almost a grimace as he blocked all further questions.
After that, Kiya was alert to any mention of the world outside. She pressed her ear to the door of the anteroom and listened to the conversation of the guards in the courtyard.
“If the King shuts the temple, I will have to move my family to the new city being built at Akhetaten. They say that there is plenty of work available.” Shut the temple? Surely not! Kiya listened open-mouthed.
“Yes,” said the other soldier. “If you want to be a labourer and build houses. I would rather fight a war than do such a job.”
“War? There will be no war. The new King believes in loving his enemies.”
“Shush, someone is coming.”
Kiya straightened up and raced back to the throne room. She managed to sit upon the throne and compose her features before Urshu entered.
“Your Highness, three new dancing girls await an audience.”
“Show them in.”
Urshu went to the door and ushered in three girls, who gazed at Kiya with awe.
“Good morning, girls.” Kiya smiled, trying to put them at ease.
“Good morning, Highness,” they chorused.
“Welcome to the Ipet-Isut Temple. You have the honour of dancing nightly before the Lord Amun-Ra. You will also take part in ceremonies and processions throughout the year.”
The girls nodded eagerly and Kiya found their enthusiasm touching. They all had long, dark hair and athletic figures, as indistinguishable from other dancers as pegs on a loom – and equally replaceable. Although Kiya was only slightly older than they, her recent experiences made her feel that she had aged a generation.
“The best dancers are chosen to perform before the Statue of Osiris. This is a dance of seduction to remind Osiris how he ejaculated the stars of heaven. You must never be on your own in the shrine. It is important to remember this rule. Always be in pairs when dancing in the shrine.”
“Yes, Highness.”At least the girls were protected from that particular danger, she thought and continued, “Tomorrow you will start training to learn the steps of the Dance of Safe Passage. You may go to your quarters.” She raised her hand in a gesture of dismissal.
“Thank you, Highness.” The girls bowed and were led away by a guard.
Urshu came forwards holding a piece of papyrus. “The scribe has written out the names of the new girls ready for you to transcribe,” he said.
Kiya was momentarily puzzled, then the import of his words sank in. Those girls were going to join the others on the scroll to take part in the temple’s deadly game of chance. She took the list from Urshu and stared at it with unseeing eyes. One girl sacrificed every month on the night of the full moon. Twelve girls a year. Twelve out of forty dancers - that meant almost one chance in three of being chosen in any one year. Kiya’s head spun as she did the maths. So many pretty girls, so many lives full of promise.
Urshu was waiting, watching her closely. “Shall I escort you to the shrine, Highness?”
“Very well.” Kiya got to her feet. She followed Urshu out of the throne room, through the anteroom and into the courtyard. The guards bowed as she passed and she acknowledged them with a slight tilt of the head.
As Kiya followed Urshu, she heard the distant sound of shouting. Urshu paused and raised his head.
“What is happening?” asked Kiya.
“There is a disturbance in the street outside,” said Urshu. “The guards are missing so they must have gone to deal with it.”
Kiya dismissed the problem and followed Urshu along the corridor to the shrine. He stood aside to let her enter and then closed the door behind her.
She gazed at the statue of Anubis. Although she mourned for Eopei, her love for the god still shone brightly enough to hold back the shadows. She was conscious that Urshu was waiting outside for her and she did not linger, but bent to her task. There was a pen upon the plinth and a small bottle of ink - someone had prepared the shrine for her visit. She unrolled the scroll and at the bottom of the list of names she inscribed the hieroglyphs of the new girls. Xonsu – that would be a hard one for the bones to copy she thought. Meritites, Reputneb, she copied the hieroglyphs in a neat hand. There was one more thing to be done. She found Eopei’s name and, blurred by rising tears, she drew a cross through it.
Kiya was about to leave the shrine when she heard the sound of running feet and Urshu’s raised voice. “This area is forbidden!” She tiptoed to the door and pressed her ear against the gap by the hinges. “How dare you invade the sanctity of the temple!” Urshu’s voice quivered with rage.
A rough accent answered, “No need to shout old man, we are not deaf. This temple is being closed down.”
“By whose order?”
“By order of the King.”
“Oh!” exclaimed Urshu. “In that case I will offer no resistance.”
“Just as well, old man, since you are weaponless and we have spears. I ask you once again. Where is the High Priestess?”
“Why?”
“She is under arrest and so will you be, if you fail to answer my question.”
Kiya braced herself for capture and was surprised when Urshu replied, “She is in her quarters, of course.”
“Where are they?”
“I will show you the way.”
Urshu was taking a risk. Kiya suspected that his courage was inspired by pride in his office, rather than any loyalty to her, but she was grateful for the chance to escape. She ripped off her robe, wig and crown and stuffed them behind the statue of Anubis. Then she opened the door and peered out into a deserted corridor. With mounting hope, she hurried towards the temple entrance but was brought to a halt by a group of soldiers, who rushed into the temple between the great pillars. It was too late for concealment. She stood still while they surrounded her.
“Who are you?” demanded one of them.
“Just a dancing girl, Sur.” She adopted crude, rustic speech and cringed away from him in a terror that was only partly simulated. Most of the other men ran on, searching for more important prey. Two remained to confront her.
“Come with us,” one of them commanded.
She looked desperately from left to right but saw no sign of rescuers. “No, Sur. I must get home.” He made a grab at her but she evaded his clutching hand.
“Leave her be, we have to find the priests,” said his companion.
“We should question her,” said the soldier, but he allowed himself to be hurried on into the temple.
Kiya’s relief was short lived. When she emerged, blinking in the sunlight, a forest of spears blocked her way.

Chapter Thirty Five: A Secret Revealed
With a sinking heart, Kiya saw a barrier several men deep between her and the crowd gathered in the street outside the temple. The men's backs were to Kiya and she tried to squeeze between them, but a heavy hand seized her shoulder.
“Where do you think you are going, my girl?”
“Home, Sur,” said Kiya in her rustic accent.
“Oh, no, you’re not. You’re under arrest!”
The stout figure of Laylos emerged from the crowd. “You let my niece be!” she shouted.
Dennu stepped forward and stood by her side. “Lay a hand on that girl and you will be sorry!”
Kiya looked at him with gratitude. What Dennu hoped to do against twenty men armed with spears she couldn’t imagine, but his courage was impressive. She marvelled at how much he had changed since the days on the farm. His fine clothes and expensive jewelled collar marked him as part of the city’s elite and she could sense the hesitation in her captor.
“I’m just doing my job,” the soldier said.
A growling noise came from the crowd as the people’s anger became focussed on the drama in front of them.
“You had better let her go, Captain.” It was Huy’s voice. He had emerged from the temple behind them. “We do not want to antagonise the crowd or there might be bloodshed.”
The Captain stood undecidedly. “My orders are to arrest everyone in the temple,” he said, but he removed his hand from Kiya’s shoulder.
“She is just a dancing girl, of no importance,” said Huy.
“How do I know she is a dancing girl?” said the Captain. “Only the wealthy could afford such a finely-woven shift, and why is she wearing so much make-up?”
“What else could she be?” said Huy. “All the dancing girls wear clothes of such material. It is so the gods can admire their figures as they dance.” The two men stared at Kiya’s breasts, outlined beneath the translucent linen. She wrapped her arms across her chest to hide them.
“Here, you! Stop staring at my niece like that!” Laylos sounded furious.
The crowd was growing restless and started to call out.
“Let the girl go!”
“Get away from our temple!”
“Make a decision quickly. It will be your responsibility if the crowd gets out of hand,” said Huy.
The Captain relented. “Allow the girl to pass!” he shouted to the guards. They stood to one side and Kiya ran down the steps.
People cheered as Laylos embraced her. “Come, we must get you back to my place,” her aunt said.
“I had better wait here for Eopei,” said Dennu.
“Eopei has gone,” said Kiya.
“What do you mean?” His brow wrinkled in puzzlement. “ We have been here from the beginning and you are the first to come out.”
“She was not at the temple. She is in Nubia visiting her parents,” explained Kiya.
Dennu frowned. “I don't believe it!” he declared. “Eopei would never have left without telling me."
Kiya had almost come to accept the lie and felt a flush of mortification at his reaction. Fortunately, his attention was on the temple and he did not notice her embarrassment. “I will stay here for a while,” he said, “and see what happens.”
“Thank you for your help,” Kiya said, but he remained looking at the entrance and did not reply.
Laylos and Kiya made quick progress through the streets. Everyone was rushing, full of anxious energy – some towards the temple and some away. A few curious glances were cast in Kiya’s direction and she was aware what an unusual sight she must look in her fine shift and heavy makeup, but nobody attempted to question her or prevent her escape.
Kiya followed Laylos down an alleyway and through a brick-maker’s yard. She glanced around and saw that the yard was deserted - shovels and straw strewn upon the ground.
“News of the temple’s destruction has brought Thebes to a stand-still,” said Laylos leading the way up some steps that led to a door. She flung open the door. “Welcome to my home.”
Kiya stepped into a room dominated by a large wooden bed. She looked around and saw a kitchen area full of medicine packages, a clothes chest and a wash basin. Laylos showed her out onto a shaded roof terrace and indicated a row of cushions against the wall.
“Now sit down, have something to drink, and tell me what really happened to Eopei. I could see from your demeanour that you had something to hide.”
“You will not tell Dennu?” said Kiya.
“There are some things that Dennu should not know, and I suspect that this is one of them,” said Laylos. She went indoors and came back with a goblet of beer, which Kiya drank, while she told her aunt about the monthly sacrifice of a dancing girl and how she had attempted to save Eopei's life.
Laylos grew pale as she listened. “So many girls! We must thank the gods – and your father – that you were saved. But I cannot think why you chose to return to the temple.”
“Anubis selected me to be the next High Priestess. It was a great honour and one that I found impossible to refuse,” said Kiya.
“Impossible? Why so?”
Kiya hesitated, but having told her aunt so much she felt compelled to confess, “Because I am in love with him.”
“That monster? You must be mad! Stay away from him, Kiya. Without sacrificial meat he will become dangerous, indeed.”
Kiya was trying to explain to her aunt that Anubis was more human than monster, when she heard hurrying footsteps on the stairs. She tensed, expecting pursuers. The door banged open and Huy emerged onto the terrace.
“Well done,” he said to Laylos. “You have got her home safely.”
“I am shocked that you stared at the poor girl’s breasts like that!” said Laylos.
Huy shrugged. “Painful though it was, I had to be convincing.”
“Thank you for saving me, Huy,” said Kiya. “It was lucky you came out of the temple when you did.”
“I was looking for you,” he said. “Thank the gods you are a quick-thinking girl. They found your cloak and crown in the shrine and knew you had escaped, but they were searching for an older woman.”
“What has happened to the others?” asked Kiya.
“Those who resisted, or refused to renounce the old gods, were killed. Most of the dancing girls were questioned and then released. The temple is now closed and the soldiers are busy packing up its treasures to be taken to Akhetaten.”
“I did not see you put up a fight to save it,” said Laylos.
“Why should I?” said Huy. “It was closed by orders of the King.”
“Such a wicked violation of his duties!” said Laylos.
“I agree,” said Huy. “But I’m not going to fight a battalion of soldiers on that basis.” He paused. “Is my wife going to get me a beer?”
For a moment Kiya thought that Laylos might refuse, but she got to her feet with exaggerated difficulty and went indoors.
Huy turned to Kiya. “You were lucky to escape. If you had been captured, the dancing girls would have identified you without hesitation. As it is, they had little information to give except that you were once one of them and that your name is Kiya. It is a common enough name. Let us hope the authorities have too much on their minds to hunt for you.”
Laylos came out, carrying a goblet. “You look pale, Kiya? What has Huy been saying?”
“I have been telling her to stay hidden and not get into trouble,” said Huy, taking the goblet and raising it high. “I have exciting news for you, my darling. Let us drink to my new career.”
“What new career?” said Laylos.
“I have been instructed to go to Akhetaten to help supervise the building of the new city. We will leave tomorrow with the wagon train.” Kiya’s heart sank. Huy and Laylos would be leaving? And so soon?

Chapter Thirty Six: Farewell
“Tomorrow? That is impossible!” wailed Laylos. “I have just got comfortable here.”
“I am sure you will be even more comfortable there,” said Huy and grinned at her. “I have been promoted to commander so we will have a specially large tent.”
“A tent? You mean I will have to live like those rascally nomads. I have never heard of such a thing!”
“A soldier’s wife has a hard life, but it has its compensations.” He winked at her and Laylos coloured.
“Oh, very well. But I insist we move into a proper home as soon as one is built.”
“Of course, my little dove,” he said. Kiya smiled inwardly at the ease with which Huy handled her strong-minded aunt. Huy turned his attention to her. “We must get you back to your parents, my girl. Scrub that muck off your face and find something to cover that indecent shift.”
While Kiya washed her face, Laylos produced an apron. “Put that on,” she said, “and nobody will look twice at you.” Kiya put on the apron, which was large enough to wrap around her, concealing all but the hem of the shift. “Wait while I get my bag,” said Laylos. “If we have to say goodbye to your mother I want her set up for the future.”
“She is going to miss you,” sighed Kiya.
“I am going to miss her,” said Laylos. “But most of all I am going to miss you, my dearest niece.” She put her arms around Kiya and held her close. “All those scrapes you get into. There has not been a dull moment since you knocked on my door.”
“I love you Laylos,” said Kiya and she felt tears roll down her cheeks.
The town was in turmoil as they hurried through the streets. Groups of protesters were running riot. Kiya was horrified as she passed the market and saw stalls being overturned and produce trampled on.
“Help us, soldier!” cried a stall holder but Huy ignored him and hurried past.
“I advise you to stay at home, Kiya,” he said as they skirted around two men fighting in the road. “There is already trouble in Thebes and worse is to come. I will not be around to save you next time.”
“Yes, Huy,” agreed Kiya.
At last they reached the countryside. As the sounds of the city faded away, Kiya felt at peace among the flooded fields and wide blue sky. This was where her torn heart might recover.
Ramala greeted them at the door of the farmhouse, her brow crinkled in concern. “What has happened? Why are you coming home, Kiya?”
“The temple has been closed,” said Huy.
“My poor child, I am so sorry.” She embraced Kiya. “So the rumours were true, after all. Oh dear, what a disappointment.”
“Do not be sad, Mama,” said Kiya. “It is quite a relief. Some of the duties were difficult.”
"Difficult? I am sure you managed them well, my darling."
“Go and get changed, child,” said Laylos. “I will need that apron back.”
Kiya searched in the clothes chest and brought out a shift. “Where is father?” she asked.
“In the barn, seeing to the animals,” said Ramala.
“I will go and tell him that we are here,” said Huy.
Kiya took the shift into the yard and undressed. She washed in the trough. After the warm, perfumed water of the temple, the cold was a shock, but when she towelled herself down she felt refreshed. She put on her old shift and put the temple shift into the washing pile. She felt a pang of regret as she felt its supple smoothness and doubted if she would ever wear such finery again. Then she picked up her aunt’s apron and went back into the house.
Laylos and Ramala were on the seating ledge, their heads close, deep in conversation. Laylos looked up. “Hello Kiya, I have been telling your mother why you were chosen to be High Priestess.”
“How could you, Kiya,” wailed her mother. “Of all the unsuitable suitors, why did you fall in love with Anubis? I never even dreamt that such a monster could really exist!”
“She is not to blame, sister,” said Laylos. “Young girls are easy prey for older men. I admit that Anubis is not exactly a man, but he is certainly old!” There was a twinkle in her eye as she said this and Kiya felt the atmosphere lighten.
“Oh, well,” sighed her mother. “What’s done is in the past - it is a comfort that it’s all over. But to think that you rejected Dennu in favour of that creature.”
“God, Mama,” Kiya corrected her. “The temples may be destroyed but the gods still exist.”
They were interrupted by a flurry of activity as the two men entered the house, bringing the scent of the stable with them.
“Huy says we can keep Enno!” declared Teos, his eyes shining with pleasure.
Ramala leapt to her feet. “What a generous gift,” she cried and embraced Huy.
“You must thank Laylos,” said Huy. “For the animal is hers. But we have no further need of him and nowhere to stable him in Akhetaten.”
“Akhetaten?” asked Ramala.
“Yes, Huy and I have come to say goodbye,” said Laylos. “We will be leaving with the wagon train tomorrow morning.”
Ramala’s jaw dropped. “No, don’t go! What will I do without you?”
Kiya’s aunt replied brusquely. “Do not talk nonsense, Ramala, you will do very well. You are no longer ill and can pull your weight around here. It’s time you started a little business. Poor Teos will be unable to work this farm forever.” Laylos opened her bag and pulled out some sheets of papyrus. “These are the recipes for my most popular remedies. Kiya will show you how to make them.” She looked at Kiya. “Let’s hope you were paying attention while you were helping me, and not in a love-sick dream.”
Ramala took a sheet of papyrus and stared at it.
“That symbol there is the spell,” said Laylos, pointing to it. “Every pot of medicine must be accompanied by the correct hieroglyph or it will fail to work. What is this one for, Kiya?”
Kiya stared at the sheet. “Face cream,” she said. “And that one is an ointment for piles, and that one for cough medicine.”
Laylos nodded her satisfaction. “You have learnt well, child.”
“Thank you, Laylos.” Ramala was radiant with gratitude. “Father made a good living as a medicine man.”
“So do I,” said Laylos. “and so will you. But you must keep the secrets in the family.”
Kiya watched her mother take the spells and place them in the chest. Secrets, she thought, how she wished she could share hers with the family, but she must bear the burden of the bones alone.
Ramala returned to Laylos and opened her arms. “You have helped me in so many ways. What a wonderful sister you are.” The two women embraced. “Tell me, why are you leaving? Where is Akhetaten?”
“It is a new city being built to the North,” explained Laylos. “The whole army is being transferred there to help in its construction.”
“We could be in for difficult times,” said Huy. “Store as much food as you can, my friends, and keep your heads low.” He reached out to Laylos. “We must get going, my lovely.”
Laylos took his hands and allowed him to pull her to her feet. “Many thanks you two, for all your hospitality.”
“It has been a pleasure,” said Ramala. “A real pleasure.”
“You must come and visit us in Akhetaten,” said Huy.
“We will try,” said Teos, but with little conviction. Kiya knew that her father had never travelled beyond Thebes in his life. She folded the apron and gave it to Laylos.
“Thank you for all you have done,” she said. “Nobody could wish for a better aunt.”
“And no aunt could wish for a more delightful niece,” said Laylos and gave her a hug.
After many embraces, Kiya stood between her parents and watched Laylos and Huy walk away. Ramala slipped an arm around her waist. “With my beauty and Laylos’s strength of character, you have the best of both worlds, my darling.”
Kiya smiled at her mother. What a compliment. She only wished she could be as happy as either of them.

Chapter Thirty Seven: A Visit from Seth
In the days that followed the departure of Laylos and Huy, Kiya showed her mother how to make creams. Ground leaves, seeds and roots were mixed with thick honey and put into clay pots to be sold, each one accompanied by an appropriate spell. One cream was to be applied to the temples for headaches, another was an anti-aging cream used to keep the skin soft. For rubbing lotions the leaves were torn and the ingredients left in olive oil to infuse. For digestive pills and laxatives the ground ingredients were mixed with beeswax and chalk then packed into papyrus envelopes. Soon Ramala had a fine collection of jars and packets to take to town.
“Are you sure it’s safe to go to market?” said Kiya, as she helped pack the medicines into bags.
“Of course it is. Things have settled down and Teos will be there to protect me. Besides, I am eager to see how my new business will take off.” Ramala gathered up the bags and took them outside to where Teos was waiting with the donkey.
Kiya followed. “Perhaps I should come with you,” she suggested, eager to escape the confines of home.
“Oh, no,” said Teos. “There are too many soldiers about. Huy said we must keep you hidden.”
So Kiya helped her parents load Enno with the medicines and waved them off to market. She tidied the main room, cleaned the kitchen area and regarded her mother’s loom with displeasure. Should she continue her mother’s weaving, or should she pick some dates? She sighed. If something exciting didn’t happen soon she would die of boredom.
Kiya picked up a basket and went outside. The flood was receding. Soon the path to the palm grove would be revealed, but for now the trees were cut off by a few inches of muddy water. She hoisted her shift up to her knees and waded across.
Her favourite palm tree was one that had tilted so its trunk was easy to climb, like a steep pathway to the spread of strong-ridged leaves at the crown. Many a time she had hidden up here in her childhood and now she climbed to her favourite spot and gazed down the valley at the obelisks of Thebes, thrusting up like needles from the grey mass of the city. Kiya’s thoughts turned to Anubis. The lunar cycle was nearing completion and she wondered what would happen when he emerged from the lake and found the temple closed.
A small cloud of spiralling sand drifted towards her like a tiny whirlwind. Kiya stared at it in fascination. It reached the tree and rose until it whirled beside her. Kiya smelled the familiar aroma of frankincense. Terror overwhelmed her. She wanted to throw herself from the tree, but before she could gather enough courage, the sand condensed into a young man who stood looking down at her with amusement.
“Have mercy, Lord Seth,” she pleaded.
“Why? What have you done to offend me?” His voice was light and mocking, a world away from the deep, resonant voice of Anubis.
“I have upset your priest, Massui.”
“Massui? He is a mere mortal – he means nothing to me.”
Could this really be Seth who stood beside her? Without his smell Kiya would never have recognised him. She had expected Seth to resemble a demon, not a handsome youth, with flame-red hair, golden skin and fine features.
He sat down, so close that they were almost touching. “I have been making enquiries about you. Is it true that you were conceived in the temple by an unknown man?”
“Yes, my Lord. My mother was raped in the shrine of Osiris,” she said.
He nodded. “I thought as much. You aroused my curiosity when you became aware of my presence at Massui’s palace - no mortal has done that before. I asked Hathor, who has taken an interest for a different reason. She told me everything.”
The intensity of his gaze made Kiya uncomfortable. She cast her eyes down. “Hathor hates me,” she said.
“Hate?” Seth gave a sneering laugh. “That is too strong a word. The foolish woman dislikes all mortals who presume to love Anubis and there have been many of them. Over the years he has become an accomplished seducer but I am disappointed that you fell for his charms. I hoped you would know better.”
“Why should I know better?”
“Because you are my daughter!”
Kiya gaped at him, her mind in a whirl. “Are you the man who raped my mother?”
He shrugged. “Rape is too strong a word. Believe me, I can seduce a woman with more skill than Anubis, but sometimes I cannot be bothered. A bit of a struggle is always exciting. Though, as I remember it, she failed to put up much of a fight.”
Kiya was appalled by his lack of remorse. “That was a terrible thing to do.”
“She should count herself honoured. After all, her dance was intended to seduce my brother, which is a pointless waste of time because he is dead.”
Kiya’s sense of outrage gave her the courage to say, “He is dead because you killed him.”
“That’s true, but it was a fair fight,” Seth laughed. “I have hidden his ka, so his wife cannot bring him back to life again. It has given me centuries of amusement to watch her search.”
“You are cruel,” Kiya said.
“I have no interest in your moral judgements, but I am curious about your gifts. Hathor tells me that you can identify gods by their scent. What do I smell like?”
“Frankincense.”
Seth smirked. “That is not unpleasant.”
“No,” agreed Kiya. “It’s rather nice.”
“What other gifts do you have?”
“None that I know of.”
“Really?” he drawled. “You cannot make yourself invisible or travel upon winds?”
“No,” she said and smiled at the matter-of-fact way he reeled off such marvels.
“You have inherited none of my attributes, then. Disappointing.”
“I can assure you that I am not disappointed,” she said. “Nobody would choose to be the daughter of a devil.”
“A devil?” he mused over the word. “I suppose I could accept that, but it’s not entirely true. I am on the side of nature, rather than man. Does that make me a devil? Only in the eyes of mankind.” His voice became gentle. “You should have seen the primeval forest in this valley before mankind came, Kiya. Every animal you could think of lived here. They fought and bred and survived and died, their lives entwining in a glorious tapestry.” He paused and frowned. “Then that meddling glory-seeker, Osiris, led the people here. He showed them how to destroy the trees, drive out the animals and tend their little square fields. Every year the same few crops, every year the same tedious, controlled lives.”
“Is that why you killed your brother?” asked Kiya.
“Of course. It was not an easy thing to do but I was fighting for the natural world.” Seth sighed. ”Although I won, it was a hollow victory. The people remembered his teaching and continued with their agriculture. Look how they revere him. He has temples and shrines everywhere. I have nothing – just a few recalcitrant priests.” He looked at Kiya and she could see his pain. “Can you blame me for sometimes pretending to be my brother and hiding in his statues?”
“No, of course not.” Kiya felt genuine pity for the man who claimed to be her father.
“I was hoping that, if Osiris remained dead, the people would forget his teaching and return to being hunter-gatherers, like the animals of the forest. Since they cling to their agriculture, I cannot reclaim the valley until I kill them all.” Kiya gazed at him in horror and he grinned at her. “I am stating an obvious fact not a declaration of intent.” He seemed to be giving reassurance, but there was menace in his eyes and she realised that her father was a very dangerous man indeed. He looked beyond her and grimaced. “Someone is coming, I must go. Goodbye, Kiya.”
“No, wait! Am I going to see you again?”
“I doubt it. You are too much of a mortal to be of interest.” He raised a hand in farewell and even as he did so his body dematerialised into swirling sand grains that drifted away on the wind. Kiya gazed after the receding cloud, feeling strangely bereft.

Chapter Thirty Eight: The Golden Armlet
Kiya tore her eyes away from the vanishing dust that marked her father’s departure and turned to see Dennu rounding the farmhouse. She stood up and waved. He spotted her in the tree and came up to the edge of the water. He had lost his boyish clumsiness and moved gracefully, like the grown man he had become.
"Hello, Dennu."
Dennu raised his hand in greeting and from his outstretched fingers came a butterfly that flew in the zigzag flight of its kind until it landed on the tree beside her. Kiya touched it and it transformed into a folded sheet of papyrus paper. Amazed, she picked up the paper, unfolded it and saw the symbol of a heart. She stared at Dennu open-mouthed.
He grinned. “See? I have got my powers back.”
“How?”
“They gradually returned. I have been practicing, day after day. At first nothing happened but then I managed to animate a wax worm, and now...” He looked down, muttered a few words, then knelt and struck the surface of the water with the flat of his hand. Kiya stared in wonder as the waters parted, forming a low wall on either side of the pathway. Dennu walked dry-footed to the base of her tree.
“No need to get my sandals wet,” he boasted. “Are you coming down or are you expecting me to levitate?”
Levitate? Thought Kiya, how conceited - why not climb the tree like anyone else? But she was glad to see him and did not let her irritation show. “I will come down,” she said.
She climbed carefully, trying not to reveal too much leg to his watching eyes. When she got within reach, he put his hand on her waist to steady her. She could feel it tremble and knew that he still desired her.
“Follow me, I have something important to tell you,” he said and he led the way back along the pathway. She followed, staring in fascination at the shimmering walls of water on either side. When they were through the flood he turned and clapped his hands. The waters were released from whatever magical force held them back and swirled together, hiding the path beneath.
“That was fantastic,” she said, wondering what other magic he had in his repertoire.
He smiled in acknowledgement of her admiration, then said, “I have come to say goodbye.”
Kiya was stunned. First she had lost Laylos and Huy, now Dennu. Gone were the companions who had journeyed from Gesem and braved so many dangers together. She had thought that the bonds they forged would last forever.
“Where are you going?” she asked.
“To Akhetaten.”
“That is wonderful.” She tried to put more enthusiasm into her voice than she felt. “You will meet Huy and Laylos there.”
“I regret that I will be moving in very different circles. I have been summoned by the King.”
“The King? What does he want you for?”
Dennu raised his eyebrows. “What do you think? He wants me to become a priest of the Aten.”
Kiya nodded. Magical powers such a Dennu possessed would not have gone unnoticed. “That is good news. But I know nothing of this god you talk of. Who is Aten?”
“The Aten is not a person, it is the life-giving power and warmth of the sun, which represents the one true god.”
“What about the old gods? What about Anubis?”
“Anubis?” He spat the name out. “A man with a jackal head? He is a monster and should be cast into hell.”
“But Osiris, Isis and the others,” Kiya was almost pleading with him. “They cannot all be monsters. Why can’t the old gods be worshipped as well as the new? This has always been the way in Egypt.”
Dennu frowned and she recognised the gleam of a fanatic in his eyes. “There is but one true god. He is a jealous god and will allow the worship of no other.”
Kiya hurried to mollify him. “I am sure we will all be happy to obey the King and worship your new god.”
She had not meant to sound condescending but he took offence. "There is no need to talk to me like a child, Kiya. I have become one of the most powerful magicians in the land."
"The King must have been very impressed," she said, irritated by his self-importance. She preferred the old Dennu, with neither special powers not religious obsession.
“Unlike you, Kiya. Who knows what a man must do to impress you?”
“Be less boastful, for a start,” she retorted.
“Oh yes?” He sneered. “That must be easy when you have nothing to boast about.” After a pause, he added, “Eopei did not come back.”
At the mention of her friend’s name Kiya’s heart gave a lurch. “I’m so sorry, Dennu.”
“There’s no need to look upset,” he said. “It does not matter. I could never have taken her with me, she is hardly a suitable partner for a priest.”
Kiya was angry that he belittled Eopei. “You are becoming arrogant,” she said.
He shrugged. “You should know about arrogance. You were a High Priestess, although only briefly.”
“I never gave myself airs,” she said.
“That is because you had nothing to be proud of. You have no magical skills. How a peasant like you gained so high a position is beyond me.”
She felt anger stir within her. Dennu was right, but that increased the anger, which swelled within her until she felt herself tremble. “How dare you!” she said.
“Forgive me,” he said. “I have no wish for us to quarrel. I did not mean to be rude about Eopei. She is a lovely girl, but I will be too busy setting up this new religion to marry anyone for a while. I shall miss you, Kiya. I need hardly tell you how I once felt about you.”
As he spoke her anger evaporated and she felt a pang that his emotions were in the past. She smiled at him. “I will miss you too, Dennu. I regret my parents are not here, they would have liked to say goodbye to you.”
“I met them in the market and said my goodbyes there. I am fond of your parents, they have been very good to me.” He slid the golden armlet off his arm and held it out to her. “I have decided to give you this.”
She didn’t take it. “But it belonged to your mother!”
“I cannot wear it now I am to be a priest. That bull’s head represents the false god Apis and would be unsuitable in the light of the Aten.”
“But that is no reason to discard it.” Kiya was appalled that he should so casually rid himself of his only link to his mother.
“Discard it?” He was getting angry now. “I am trying to give it to you as a gift – a very valuable gift. Must you always belittle everything I do? Discard it? If that’s the way you feel, then there!” He threw the armlet with all his force into the field where it stuck half-buried in the mud.
“No!” cried Kiya. She ran to retrieve it, her bare feet squelching in the wet soil. Back on the path, she stood before Dennu, her head bent as she tried to clean the gleaming gold. Tears welled into her eyes and rolled down her cheeks. It was all going so horribly wrong. The last thing she wanted to do was upset Dennu, especially now he was leaving.
“I’m sorry.” He stepped forwards and embraced her. “I don’t understand why I am like this with you. I want us to part as friends.”
She rested her head against his chest and felt comforted by his encircling arms. “I wish things had worked out better between us,” she sighed.
“It’s too late,” he said and released her. “You made your choice and now we must follow different paths.”
“I will always treasure this,” she said, indicating the golden armlet.
“I’m glad.” He smiled. “Goodbye, Kiya.”
She thought that he might kiss her but he did not. He walked away without a backward glance.

Chapter Thirty Nine: A Blessing
Kiya’s soul was troubled. Night after night she lay upon her back, listening to her parents gentle breathing and looking up at the sky. She would touch the gold band on her arm, her fingers running over the complex pattern of waves and stroking the bull’s head with its broad forehead and curved horns. It was a precious gift and she would always treasure the memory of what might have been.
As the moon swelled towards fullness it seemed to be a face frowning down at her. Anubis, her beloved god, how would he fare now the temple had closed? She had sworn to serve him but, when danger came, she had fled her responsibilities. In the pitiless moonlight, she felt shamed by her cowardice.
Her heart lamented the loss of love, but more troubling were the memories that weighed upon her soul. Her part in Eopei’s death and her willingness to choose another sacrifice, were terrible deeds that she never thought herself capable of. Gone was her innocence, gone her conviction that she was a good and caring person, gone the safe passage of her ka into the eternal pastures. She wanted to pray, but to whom should she offer her prayers? If the gods were immortals, with no control over the lives of mankind, who was left to watch over her? There was one unknowable god who created the heavens and the earth. One who was beyond man’s understanding. Kiya closed her eyes and prayed to Neter.
“Oh Lord God, the one true God, hear my prayer. Forgive my sins. Let my ka not be damaged by the wickedness of the temple. I offer my life to you if you grant me your blessing.”
A feeling of peace came over her. She opened her eyes and gazed up at the stars. One shone more brightly than the others and grew larger until it resembled a golden ball. Kiya realised that it grew because it was coming towards her! She wanted to flee but she could not move and lay paralysed until the ball of light rested on her bed. It illuminated the sleeping figures of her parents but they did not stir and, after a few seconds, the star descended through the blanket and into Kiya’s belly. She felt its warmth spread through her and her fear changed to wonderment, as if a miracle had happened. Then she slept.
A few weeks later, Kiya stood beside the Nile, drawing up water with the shaduf and pouring it into the irrigation canal for the germinating seeds. It was the beginning the sowing season and already the new soil, deposited by the flood, was drying out. She felt queasy and paused. Was something wrong with her? For several mornings she had felt sick but the sensation quickly passed and she had not bothered to tell her mother.
As she sat and rested, Kiya watched a mat of tangled vegetation drift past and wished that she, too, could be carried on the water to the new city of Akhetaten. She longed follow her friends there but, without money or prospects, she feared that she would be stuck on the farm forever.
Her gaze followed the flotsam downstream and sharpened as she noticed two figures walking towards her along the path beside the river. The man was bent and wearing a cloak, the hood of which hid his face. The woman was tall and thin. They walked arm in arm, like an elderly couple but, as a breeze stirred the papyrus reeds, Kiya smelled honey and new-mown grass. With a thrill that was partly fear and partly excitement, she recognised Anubis and Hathor. Kiya rose to her feet and was debating whether to flee when, with an unnatural burst of speed, the two immortals stood before her.
“Good morning, Kiya,” said Hathor. “I have someone here who would like to talk to you.”
Kiya gave, what she hoped was, a welcoming smile.
Anubis straightened up and threw back his hood with a dramatic gesture. “Greetings, Kiya.”
Kiya bowed. Why were they here? What did they want from her? Her mind was in a turmoil but she managed to keep her voice steady. “Greetings, my Lord.”
“Well?” Hathor said to him. “Go ahead and tell her.”
Anubis looked as sheepish as his jackal head allowed. “I regret that our relationship will have to end.” He spoke as if his speech was rehearsed and he could not meet her eyes. “Hathor wants me to marry her.”
Hathor gave a mooing sigh. “You got it wrong, stupid. You should have said - I want to marry Hathor.”
“I want to marry Hathor.” Anubis corrected himself.
“Oh!” Kiya didn’t know what to say. The cowed creature who stood before her was so different from the god she had once loved that she found no trace of lingering emotion. They were waiting for a greater response and so, after a pause, she added, “Congratulations.”
“We feel that the closure of the temple absolved Anubis from his commitment. The situation is different now,” said Hathor.
“You mean, he no longer needs me?” said Kiya, to help clarify matters.
“Don't be bitter, child,” said Hathor.
“I am not!” exclaimed Kiya. “I am happy for you both.”
“That is good.” Hathor nodded. “I like a girl who can put a brave face on her disappointment.”
“How did you escape from the temple?” Kiya asked Anubis.
“With Hathor’s help.”
He sounded dejected and Kiya tried to hide a smile. Hathor had been quick to take advantage of his desperate situation. Poor Anubis had swapped one imprisonment for another. “I hope the price was worth paying,” she said.
“What are you talking about?” said Hathor sharply. “Price? Would I demand payment for something I did for love?”
Kiya was nervous of Hathor’s uncertain temperament. “I am glad things turned out well for you,” she said, “but I must return to the house, my parents are expecting me.”
“Don’t go. We have a favour to ask of you,” said Hathor. “We want you to find the ka of Osiris and restore it to his body.”
Kiya stared at her in bewilderment. “The ka of Osiris?”
“Yes. Without his soul he cannot be brought back to life and it is vital for the future of Egypt that he is resurrected.”
“But how can I find his ka?”
“You can smell the essence of immortals, can’t you?” said Hathor. “We know of no other person with this gift. Seth has hidden the ka somewhere and only you can sniff it out."
“But I don’t know what Osiris smells like.”
“Isis keeps his coffin with her,” said Hathor. “Osiris’s corpse remains fresh and ready for reanimation. All you need do is lift the lid to discover his scent.”
Kiya grimaced at the thought. “Where is Isis?” she asked
“She has disguised herself as a mortal and has married the King,” said Hathor. The light dawned on Kiya. The wondrously-beautiful Queen Nefertiti was the goddess Isis!
“What about the King?” asked Kiya. “Is he never curious about what is in the chest?”
“The man is a simpleton,” said Hathor. “He thinks of nothing but worshipping this new god of his – the Aten. I doubt if he has given the chest a thought, which is fortunate for him. Isis would kill anyone who tries to look inside.”
“When she is angry she can destroy people with her eyes,” said Anubis
“What?” Kiya stared at them, appalled at the dangers to which they were so casually exposing her.
“Her search for the ka has driven Isis mad,” explained Anubis. “She wishes to take revenge upon us all. I could have starved in that prison.”
Hathor gave him a hug. “Don’t worry, my darling. We will find a nice tender mortal for your monthly feast.”
Kiya stared at Hathor, aghast. Would she be on the menu? As long as they needed a favour from her she would be safe, but the option of refusal was vanishing. “Has Isis moved to Akhetaten?” she asked. Hathor nodded and Kiya felt comforted that she would meet her friends again. But the enormity of the task dismayed her. “Even if I discover the scent, where would I start looking?”
“Seth might have left a clue at one of his shrines, or perhaps dropped a hint to a priest,” said Hathor. “Few such places exist. Massui’s palace is one of them. You could start there as you are already familiar with it.”
“I was lucky to get out alive,” said Kiya. “Besides, won’t Seth try to stop my search?”
Hathor waved a dismissive arm. “You don’t have to worry about Seth. He has disappeared to Nubia.”
“He prefers to be in the wilderness,” said Anubis.
“I saw him before he went,” said Kiya. “He said I was his daughter.” She was expecting an amused reaction from them, but Hathor nodded.
“I have heard the rumour,” she said. “I have also heard that he is disappointed in you and wants nothing more to do with you.”
Her words hit Kiya like a knife. She had realised as much, but hearing it put so brutally wounded her. She would show her father that she was a person to be reckoned with. She would defy his wishes and restore the ka of Osiris. Only one thing stood in her way. “I have no money,” she told the immortals. “How could I pay for such a journey?”
“Here.” Hathor handed her a small leather bag. It was surprisingly heavy and when Kiya looked inside she saw that it was full of gold nuggets. “We immortals do not lack wealth, thanks to a secret mine in Nubia.”
Kiya was overwhelmed and handed back the leather bag. “I could not take this much. It is a fortune.”
“It’s your payment for undertaking the task,” said Hathor and pushed the bag at her.
Kiya relented. She had never seen so much money. It would keep her and her family in comfort for the rest of their lives. Even revisiting Massui would be worth the risk for such wealth.

Chapter Forty: At the Farm
Ramala was in the kitchen area, preparing herbs. She looked up when Kiya entered. “I have got six more orders for my rubbing lotion, it is miraculous stuff,” she said. Her eyes shone and her cheeks glowed - she was a very different woman from the sickly creature that Laylos had treated.
Kiya put the bag on the table. It tipped over and a couple of nuggets rolled out. “No need to make medicines any more, Mama.”
Ramala frowned. “But I like making medicines, I’m doing something useful with my life at last. What is this?” She held up a nugget and peered at it.
“It’s gold!”
“Gold? Are you sure?”
“I’m sure,” said Kiya. She started to explain what had happened, when Teos came in from the shed carrying a bowl of milk.
“Why are you not at the shaduf, Kiya? Are you unwell?” her father asked.
“I’m fine, Papa. Look what I have got.” She indicated the leather bag.
Teos put the bowl on the table and picked up a nugget. He felt it with his teeth, then emptied the bag and gazed at the pile. “This is a fortune in gold,” he gasped. “Where did you find it?”
“Take this, Papa,” said Kiya, sectioning off half the gold. “I have much more than I need.”
“But where did it come from?” Teos made no attempt to take the offered nuggets.
“It was given to me by Hathor and Anubis, in payment for a task they want me to do for them.”
“Anubis?” said Ramala sharply. “I thought you had finished with that monster.” She dropped the nugget as if it had become a burning ember.
“He no longer has a hold over me,” Kiya assured her. “He is with Hathor now.”
“Anubis is still dangerous,” said Teos with a frown. He went to Ramala’s side and put a comforting arm around her. “And now he is free to terrorise the countryside. It was a terrible day for Egypt when the temple closed.”
“And we thought Kiya was safe,” said Ramala with a sigh. “What is this task they want you to do, my darling?”
Kiya explained that they wanted her to use her sense of smell to discover the ka of Osiris.
“Will it not be risky?” said Ramala.
“I hope not,” said Kiya. “But it must be done. If Osiris can be restored to life, Isis will be happy and stop her vendetta against the other gods. The temples can then be reopened and the gods worshipped as before.”
“That would certainly be a good thing,” said Teos.
“Do I have your permission then?” asked Kiya.
Teos smiled at her. “My dear daughter. You would go with or without our permission, but I will support you in any way I can. Where will you start your search?”
“By finding the body of Osiris, which is in Akhetaten.”
“Akhetaten?” Ramala brightened. “That is where Laylos and Huy have gone. You can stay with them. And Dennu is there too. I’m sure he will be happy to help you.”
“That’s right, Mama, I will be fine,” Kiya reassured her. “And I am well rewarded. Look there is enough gold here to change our lives.” Kiya picked up the pile of nuggets and let them fall through her fingers onto the table.
Teos shook his head. “We don’t want your money, do we, Ramala?”
Ramala stared at the gold. “It would buy many pretty things,” she sighed.
“At the expense of our peace of mind,” said Teos. “We would have to keep the door locked and put bars in the windows.”
Ramala nodded. “You are right. People are certain to find out and be jealous.” She turned to Kiya. “Thank you, darling. You have a sweet and generous nature, but we would be happier without your gold.”
“You must be careful, Kiya. Such wealth will attract unwelcome attention,” said Teos.
Kiya stared at her parents in amazement. “If you are sure you don’t want any, I will take the money with me. I am going to need some for the journey, so I will keep one nugget to sell to the goldsmiths, the rest must remain hidden.” She selected the smallest of the nuggets, a mere fragment compared to the others, and put it in her waist purse.
That evening Ramala and Kiya sewed little pockets to the inside of her shift. Each was big enough to hold two nuggets. When Kiya put the shift on, there was no sign of the secret wealth it contained.
“There,” said Ramala. “What a good job. But what about the armlet? We had better hide that as well.”
So Kiya took off the golden armlet Dennu had given her, kissed it and tied it around her neck with a linen cord so it was hidden under her shift.
Early the next morning Kiya packed a bag with her few possessions: a comb, a polished bronze mirror, a pot of rouge, a kohl stick, some cleansing oil and a couple of spare shifts. She had been excited about seeing her old comrades again, but now the time of departure had come, she was in low spirits, reluctant to leave her parents.
Ramala, was in the kitchen area packing a bag of food for her. “I know you will have plenty of money to buy provisions on the journey, but it always as well to have something with you. You will need a cask of beer as well.”
“I can’t possibly carry a cask of beer,” protested Kiya.
“You can take Enno,” said Teos. “You will need a donkey to ride on for such a long journey.”
“Thank you,” she said, putting on her travelling cloak. “But won’t you need him on the farm, Papa?”
“Not until the ploughing season,” said Teos. “You must bring him back to me in time for that.”
“I am sure Kiya will return long before then!” protested Ramala. “She only has to go to Akhetaten and that is but a two-days journey away.”
Teos did not look convinced. “Promise me you will bring the donkey back,” he said with an intensity that touched Kiya’s heart.
She flung her arms around her father. “I promise I will return home safely and I will bring Enno with me.”
While Teos went to fetch the donkey, Kiya embraced her mother. “Give my love to Laylos,” Ramala said and Kiya could feel her tears against her cheek.
“I will,” promised Kiya. “I love you.”
They clung to each other until Teos returned, then Kiya strapped her bags and beer cask to the donkey. She gave them both a final kiss, hitched up her shift and mounted Enno. “I will be back as soon as I can,” she said, then dug in her heels and Enno trotted down the path towards the road.
As Kiya rode towards Thebes, the low, early-morning sun cast long shadows and the air was still cool. People were already working in the fields, bent over their hoes to weed between the rows of seedlings. Above her head the first swallows of the year swooped and dived and she felt a tingle of excitement that a new adventure had begun.

Chapter Forty One: The Street of Goldsmiths
When she reached the city, Kiya dismounted and led Enno through the market. People were starting to erect stalls and lay out their wares. She noticed that in the farmer’s area there were few sellers - Teos was not alone in keeping food back, ready for hard times ahead. A fishmonger was busy, the crowd around his stall eager to buy, despite complaining about his raised prices. The smell of freshly-caught fish made Kiya queasy and she hurried past.
At the temple she paused to look at what had once been the pride of Thebes. It was a sorry sight now, most of the obelisks were gone and men were dismantling the walls. Three ox carts stood being loaded with sacks from the temple granary.
Kiya sighed as she remembered the splendour that had been the Ipet-Isut Temple with its great processions and festivals. How quickly the glory had gone. Nothing was left now but a soulless ruin. She led Enno on until she reached an alleyway that was narrow and had two guards at the entrance. It was the Street of Goldsmiths.
Kiya felt nervous as she entered the alley. It was a part of Thebes she had not visited before. Even as a dancing girl she had never earned enough money to buy golden jewellery. The ornamentation she had worn at festivals belonged to the temple.
She stopped at the first yard and looked in. A man was sitting at a table under the shade of an awning, hammering a small, gold sheet that was already paper-thin.
She entered nervously through an arched doorway. “Would you like to buy a nugget?” she asked.
The man looked up and his eyes narrowed as he stared at the nugget she was holding out to him. “Where did you get this?”
Kiya had already invented an answer to this question and said, “It was for services rendered.” She blushed as she said it and the man nodded.
“They must have been some services!” He took the nugget, examined it, tested it with his teeth and then handed it back to her. “This is too valuable for me to buy. You will have to go and see old Merkah, next door. I reckon it is worth at least fifty copper rings.”
Kiya thanked him and turned to leave. As she did so she saw a man standing in the archway. He stared at her, but when she met his eyes he looked hurriedly away. She frowned. She didn’t like the look of him. There was something predatory about the way he slunk back into the gloom of the narrow street.
She hurried towards Merkah’s workshop and when she reached the entrance to his courtyard she looked back. The man was still there, waiting in the shadows and she imagined that his eyes glowed red as he watched her.
Merkah was an older man. He was drinking a beaker of beer but put it down when she approached and looked at her with curious eyes. “I have been told to come to you with this,” she said, holding out the nugget to him.
He took it, weighed it on a pair of scales, tested it with his teeth and said. “Thirty copper rings.”
“I was told it was worth fifty,” she said.
He shrugged. “You were told that by an optimist. Take it elsewhere if you are not satisfied.” He peered at her and smiled. “I will add ten pieces of turquoise, since you are such a pretty girl. But you be careful with all this money, there are many thieves about.”
Kiya thanked him, took the money and put it into her waist purse. “You be careful too,” she said.
“Oh, I am.” He indicated the roof terrace above him. Kiya looked up and saw a man with a throwing spear staring down at them. “That is my son,” he said. “I would not trust even the guards nowadays.”
These are desperate times, indeed, thought Kiya. She thanked the goldsmith and led Enno back down the street. There was no sign of the man who had been following her, but when she looked back she saw him slip into a doorway.
“I think I am being followed,” she said to one of the guards at the entrance.
“With a figure like that, I’m not surprised,” he said with a leer.
“I would follow you myself, given half the chance,” said the other and they both laughed.
Kiya was frightened - there was no help to be had from the guards. She hurried through Thebes until she reached the temple. The ox carts were fully loaded and ready to go. Each one had a soldier in charge.
“Are you taking that grain to Akhetaten?” Kiya asked the soldier beside the front cart.
He was a big, stern-looking man and he frowned at her. “What’s it to you?”
“I was wondering if I could come with you.”
He brightened. “Are you a tart? We could do with more tarts in Akhetaten.”
“No, I am a respectable woman,” Kiya was affronted.
“In that case you cannot come with us. We are on the King’s business.”
“I need protection,” said Kiya. He shook his head. “I could pay you,” she said.
“How much?”
“A copper ring.”
“There are three of us,” he said. “That would be three copper rings. I doubt if a girl like you has so much money.”
“Yes I have,” she said. She reached into her waist purse and pulled out three copper rings.
He was impressed. “Very well,” he said as he took the rings. “You can follow us with your donkey.”
The ox carts set off, rumbling at a slow pace. Kiya looked back and saw the man. He stood in the middle of the road, not bothering to remain hidden. Kiya had half a mind to wave goodbye but there was something so menacing in his glare that she turned hurriedly away.
She could hear the sound of an angry crowd long before they came in sight of the quay. A woman’s shrill voice rose above the multitude. “Let us through! May Ammut devour your cruel hearts.”
A man cried out, “My children are starving. I must find work in the new city.”
The ox carts rounded a corner and Kiya could see a line of armed soldiers protecting the docking area, where a ship was roped. They pushed the people aside to allow the carts through, but when Kiya attempted to follow they blocked her way.
“Let me pass!” Kiya cried.
“This ship is reserved for the King,” said one of the soldiers.
The crowd were not on her side and she could hear angry murmurs.
”Bloody cheek trying to push her way through like that!”
“Who does she think she is?”
The man leading the rear ox cart saw what was happening and left his animal to hurry back. “She is with us,” he said.
“Civilians are not allowed on the King’s ships.”
The man slipped something into the soldiers hand. He glanced down and, without changing his expression, he stood to one side and allowed Kiya to go through.
“Thank you,” she said to her rescuer, when they were safely on the quayside. “What did you give that soldier?”
“The copper ring you bribed us with,” he said.
Her heart was full of gratitude. It would have been so easy for him to keep the ring and leave her behind. “I will give you another,” she assured him.
He grinned at her. He was young, so young that he reminded her of Dennu when they had first met. “Thank you, though I would be honoured to protect you without need of payment.”
“Stop chatting and get that bloody cart on the ship,” yelled the leader of the oxcarts, who had already steered his animal up the gangway and now stood on the deck, holding its rope.
The other two carts followed, the oxen straining to take their heavy loads up the steeply-angled planks. Kiya followed with Enno and watched the boat being untied. Beyond the soldiers the crowd were as hostile as ever.
“There’s ample room for us on that boat!”
“Why is that girl allowed on?”
The sails unfurled and the ship pulled away. Kiya turned her back on the west bank of Thebes. It was no longer the city she knew and loved. It had become a vicious wasps nest.

Chapter Forty Two: Sabu
Kiya had expected the ship to turn down river to go to Akhetaten and was surprised when it headed towards the east bank of the city. She stood on the deck, cooled by a refreshing breeze, and watched the grand buildings grow closer. This part of Thebes was where rich merchants lived, their houses clustered around the quayside. Normally it was a bustling place but Kiya could see no ships moored and nobody on the landing stage but soldiers manning a queue of empty ox carts.
“Hurry up, you are late,” shouted one of the soldiers as they approached.
The leader of Kiya’s group called out some expletives and, when they docked, he led his ox and cart so swiftly down the gang plank that the poor animal let out a bellow of protest. Kiya watched in concern as the ox tripped and nearly fell, regaining its foot hold amidst a further shower of expletives. Kiya followed the others as they disembarked, feeling embarrassed to be in such company.
The wagon train lumbered through the streets, past many splendid buildings, all of which were humbled by the huge palace. As she led Enno past the enclosing walls of what had once been the King’s residence, Kiya glanced through a doorway and saw a beautiful pleasure garden with a lake. Beyond was the building, glowing pink and gold and covered with murals. People were in the garden - servants and women in fine clothes. Kiya paused to stare at them, wondering if the women were members of the King’s harem. An armed guard at the entrance glared at her and shifted his spear making Kiya forget her curiosity and hurry on her way.
They reached the poorer quarters of the city where the streets narrowed and the plodding oxen made slow progress. By the time the wagon train reached open countryside Ra’s chariot was at its zenith. Kiya walked through a familiar landscape. Newly-sown fields stretched down to the reed beds of the Nile, while, on the other side of the road, scrubland led to high escarpments. She began to feel tired and hungry and was relieved when the head soldier called a halt for lunch.
Kiya sat beside the soldiers on a grassy bank and unpacked her food bag. The two older soldiers ignored her but the younger one, who had befriended her at the quay, turned to talk to her.
“Would you like a peach?” he said.
“Yes please,” she replied and gave him one of Ramala’s honey cakes in exchange.
“My name is Sabu,” he said.
“I am Kiya.” She reached out to shake his hand, which was rough, like a peasant’s. “I must thank you for your help in getting me on the ferry. I owe you a copper ring.” She felt in her waist pouch, pulled out a ring and offered it to him.
He hesitated for a moment before accepting it. “Many thanks, although I feel embarrassed to accept money for helping such a beautiful lady.”
Kiya was pleased by his flattery. “Are you from around here?” she asked.
“My father owns a farm to the north of Thebes.”
“Oh! My father owns a farm to the south. I have not seen you before.”
“I have seen you, though. I recognised you at once. You were a temple dancer, were you not?”
“Yes.”
“I watched all the festivals and processions,” Sabu continued. “I wanted to be a musician, but my father was poor and I never had a chance to learn.”
“I am sorry.”
“There’s no need. I quite like being a soldier, although it is not the adventurous life I hoped for. Most of the work is constructing new buildings at Akhetaten. I have been told that the King is against violence so there will be no more wars.”
“Did you not want to be a farmer?”
“Not really, anyway there are too many of us on the farm. I have five brothers and three sisters so, when we reach adulthood, we have to make our own way in the world.”
Kiya couldn’t imagine life in a one-room farmhouse with so many people. Her own home had been crowded enough when she, Dennu, Laylos and Huy had stayed with her parents.
They finished their meal. “Time to get on,” said the head soldier.
“I must get back to the cart,” said Sabu. “It has been a real pleasure to meet you. I never thought I would have an opportunity to talk to a dancing girl. You were like goddesses to us young men.”
Kiya felt much happier now she knew that at least one of the soldiers was friendly. “Can I ask a favour?” she said.
“Of course.”
“Please would you help me mount my donkey? The journey has tired me and my shift makes it difficult to get on Enno’s back.”
“With pleasure.” He put his hands on her waist and lifted her high so she could sit sideways on the donkey. “Compared to sacks of grain you are as light as Thoth’s feather,” he said with a laugh.
“Stop flirting with that woman, Sabu, and get back to work,” yelled the head soldier.
“Sorry about him,” murmured Sabu and hurried back to his cart.
They travelled without stopping for the rest of the day. By nightfall they reached an inn and the soldiers halted the carts.
“We will spend the night here,” said the head soldier. “You can stay in the inn, lady. We have to sleep by our loads.”
Kiya slid from Enno’s back and tied him to a tree beside the building, where there was a trough of water and plenty of new grass. She stretched her cramped limbs and listened as the inn keeper welcomed the soldiers with noisy good-humour.
“Come in, come in, my friends. It is great to see you again. I have a cask of freshly brewed ale to wash away the dust of your journey. There is bread and goat’s cheese and dates and some of that dried beef you like so much.” His eyes lit upon Kiya as she joined them. “Ah I see you have a companion. Will you be wanting the use of the back room? I would like a go, myself, once you have finished with her. There is little female solace to be had so far from town.”
“This is a respectable woman, Mitry,” said the head soldier. “We will need your room, but only so she can sleep in comfort.”
“Oh, right, I see, I apologise.” Mitry bowed to Kiya. “Come with me, Madam. Our accommodation is simple but I am sure you will find it adequate.”
He led the way through the bar, where Kiya was aware of curious eyes turning to follow them. “Here is your room,” Mitry opened a door behind the counter and showed her a small bedroom with a low ceiling. “Will you be wanting food and drink?”
“Yes please.”
“I expect you would prefer to eat in here,” he said. “It can get noisy in the bar when the beer starts to flow.”
“Thank you.”
He left the room, closing the door behind him. Kiya sat on the bed. It consisted of a thin mattress resting upon a brick platform and had an unpleasant smell. From beyond the door she could hear the chatter of excited conversation. Nervously, she looked for bolts on the door, but there were none.
There was a knock and Mitry entered carrying a tray, which he put down on the bed beside her. “You can settle your bill tomorrow,” he said and left.
Kiya ate the bread, cheese and dates hungrily. The beer was stronger than she was used to but she was thirsty and drank the full goblet. When she finished her meal she put the tray on the floor, stretched out on the bed and fell asleep.

Chapter Forty Three: The Attack
Kiya was woken by the sound of shouting and laughter. Someone was singing a raucous tune with an obscene refrain. She tried to close her ears to the noisy bar and get back to sleep but, as she tossed and turned, the rough cord that held Dennu’s armlet around her neck chaffed her skin. Still drowsy, she took the armlet off and tucked it safely under the mattress. She was wondering if she would ever be able to sleep when she heard a strange sound.
“Psst!” The noise was so gentle that it was almost lost in the din. Kiya sat up. “Psst!” Someone was at the window trying to get her attention.
Kiya rose from the bed and crossed over to the window. Sabu was there, clinging to the sill. “You are in danger,” he said. “A man has come from Thebes telling of your wealth. They are hatching a plot to murder you and steal your money.”
Kiya knew at once who the Theban must be – the man who spied on her at the Street of Goldsmiths. “What can I do?” she asked and looked round in desperation. The window was a mere slit, set high in the wall. It was much too small for her to get through. The only escape was via the bar, where her enemies were reaching a state of intoxication, ready to attack her.
“Here, take these and jam them against the window.” Sabu pushed two sturdy sticks through the opening. They had ropes attached to them.
Kiya turned them so they rested against the wall on either side of the window.
“Now stand back and get ready to run,” he said.
There was a creaking sound as the ropes were put under strain. A crack appeared in the wall. Kiya grabbed her bag and cloak then, as the wall collapsed, she ran.
All around her bricks and roof timbers were falling. One timber grazed her shoulder, but she was through the wreckage and into the open. Behind her was the sound of shouts and curses.
Kiya ran blindly into the night and heard Sabu yell, “This way.”
She turned, and as she did so a throwing spear whistled past her ear and embedded itself into a tree.
“We are here!” Dark shapes stood, barely visible against the blackness. She ran towards them. “Quickly, or they will kill us,” Sabu cried. He fled through the scrub, with the donkey running beside him.
Kiya followed them, trying to dodge the thorny bushes and low-hanging branches. Terror made her oblivious to the bruises and scratching and soon the shouts were far behind them.
They slowed to a walk and Kiya caught up with Sabu. “I fear that we have ruined the inn,” she said.
“It serves that bastard inn-keeper right,” said Sabu. “He was as much in the plot as any of them. Thank Thoth you have an intelligent donkey. He understood what to do.”
“Dear Enno,” said Kiya and gave the donkey a pat. “And many thanks to you too,” she said to Sabu. “Without your help I would be dead by now. But I am afraid your noble deed has cost you your job.”
“There will be others,” said Sabu.
“I can offer you employment as a bodyguard,” she said. “I will soon be going down to the delta area and it could be dangerous.”
“Really?” He brightened. “I have always longed to travel. I swear I will serve you well, Mistress.”
“Call me Kiya,” she said.
He shook his head. “While I am in your employ I am your servant, Mistress. One day, perhaps, we may be equals but until then I will be suitably respectful.”
“How much should I pay you?” said Kiya. “What do you earn at the moment?”
“One copper ring a week, Mistress.”
“Then I will pay you two,” said Kiya. She took two rings from her money belt and gave them to him.
“Thank you. That is very generous,” he said. “May I suggest that you mount the donkey, Mistress, we still have a long way to go.”
Kiya allowed him to help her onto the donkey and they continued at a brisk pace. She dozed and jerked awake, several times, always to find Sabu leading Enno steadily through the darkness. It was not until day break that Kiya, with a sinking heart, realised she had left Dennu’s armlet at the inn.
In the red, dawn light Kiya looked at her arms, there were a few superficial scratches and, where the roofing timber had hit her, a bruise was already developing. A band of pale skin on her upper arm marked the place where she usually wore Dennu’s armlet. She had a wild urge to return to the inn and retrieve her lost possession, but such an action would mean facing her attackers. She looked gratefully at Sabu, who was walking ahead holding the donkey’s rope. Without his intervention she would certainly have been killed.
The landscape changed. The Nile ran more closely to the cliffs and a narrow strip of scrubland lay on both sides of the road. The land was too high to be fertilised by the river’s floodwater and Kiya saw that farming would be impossible on the dusty soil. She watched a nomad boy with a herd of goats make his way over the boulders at the base of the escarpment as nimbly as any of his charges. Behind him she saw a narrow path zigzagging up the cliff and wondered if he and his animals had made the perilous descent.
A fishing village lay ahead and, as they drew near, Kiya smelled the scent of baking bread. The delicious aroma made her feel hungry and she looked out for a shop as they passed by. There was no sign of a bakery, nor anyone they could ask.
“It must be time for breakfast,” she called out to Sabu.
He did not pause, but continued to lead the donkey away from the village. “It would be dangerous to stop. Mistress. We may still be pursued.”
Kiya searched in her bag and found the remains of yesterday’s lunch – a honey cake and a handful of dates. “At least let us halt long enough to pour ourselves a drink from the cask,” she said.
Sabu stopped and helped her dismount from the donkey, which she did with some difficulty.
“Ouch, My limbs feel as stiff as a mummy,” she said. “Give me your cup, Sabu.”
Sabu unhooked his cup from his belt and handed it to her. Kiya filled it with beer.
“Here, have some food,” she said and gave him half her cake and a few dates.
“Thank you, Mistress.” He ate and drank swiftly, while she found a cup in her bag and poured herself a beer. “I suggest that you remount the donkey so we can continue,” he said. There was an urgency in his voice and Kiya knew that he feared those who followed. She allowed him to help her remount, without protest, and she finished her meagre breakfast while riding.
As the morning progressed the road became busy. Kiya saw a team of ox carts approaching and she stiffened, but they passed without incident. At lunch time, Sabu allowed her to stop at a roadside stall and buy bread and cheese. He was more relaxed now there were people about and made no protest when she suggested they should sit on a nearby boulder to eat and drink.
“I think I might walk now,” said Kiya, after they had finished their meal. “It cannot be much further to Akhetaten and I must stretch my legs or they will get cramp.”
“Very well, Mistress.”
Kiya walked beside Sabu as he led the donkey. He maintained a good pace and she did not try to talk as her energies were concentrated on keeping up with him.
By mid afternoon Kiya was tiring. She struggled to keep up with Sabu as they rounded an escarpment and saw a horde of workers digging ditches, making bricks and working on buildings. Everywhere were tents so it looked like the encampment of a huge army.
“Is this it?” she asked Sabu, who had stopped to admire the view.
“Yes, Mistress. Welcome to the new city of Akhetaten!”

Chapter Forty Four: Dennu
Kiya stared at the scene before her, trying to make sense of the chaos. The foundations of the city covered a circular plain that was bounded by curving cliffs on one side and the Nile on the other.
“It is amazing how much has been done,” said Sabu. “A few weeks ago this was nothing more than an empty area of sand and scrub. Look!” He pointed to a notch in the cliff. “That is where King Ikhnaton saw the sun’s rays shining through at dawn, like a finger pointing at him.”
“What was he doing here so early?” asked Kiya.
“He was on a hunting trip and the unknowable god led him to this place,” said Sabu in an awed voice. “As the sun rose, the shadow of the cliff drew back from the plain so he knew that the Aten was telling him that the new city should be built here.”
Kiya was distracted from further questions by the sight of obelisks standing on the cliff top. So that’s where the Ipet-Isut obelisks had gone! She was half appalled and half impressed by the effort it must have taken to transport and erect them.
“I was posted here from the beginning,” said Sabu. “We constructed the barracks first.” He indicated a long, low, building, almost invisible at the base of the cliffs. “Then we a built a small palace so the King and Queen could come and supervise the work. Later it will be used as a sacristy, which is why we positioned it at one end of the processional route.”
“What is a sacristy?” asked Kiya.
“It is where priests prepare themselves for the ceremonies. Both Ikhnaton and Nefertiti are high priests of the Aten.”
“Really? That is unusual.” Kiya glanced at Sabu and wondered what he thought of the extraordinary power Nefertiti had over her husband. “Surely such a position is for the King alone?”
“This is a new religion in which all are equal,” Sabu assured her.
In that case, thought Kiya, we should all be high priests. She did not give voice to her scepticism but changed the subject to one of more immediate concern. “I expect my aunt and uncle will be living in the barracks,” she said. “We must get there and start looking for them.”
Sabu agreed and led the way through the building site that was the new city. As she jumped ditches and circumvented piles of bricks, Kiya saw a large, open-sided tent. A man was working inside, studying a sheet of papyrus paper, unrolled upon a table. With a surge of excitement, Kiya recognised Dennu.
She stopped and stared, uncertain whether it really was him. Dennu looked so different. Gone was the floppy dark hair, instead he was shaven bald, as is the way with priests. He no longer wore a tunic but was bare chested, wearing just a fine, pleated skirt with a jewelled belt.
“Dennu?” she called.
He looked up, startled, then smiled and beckoned her into his tent. She ran towards him and, for a moment it seemed as if he might embrace her, but he raised his hand in a more formal greeting. “Kiya! I never expected to see you here. Why have you come?”
She couldn’t tell him she was a mission for Anubis and so she said. “I have come to see you all, to find out how you are getting on.”
“We are doing well and, I am sure, we all appreciate your concern. How are Ramala and Teos? I hope your parents are in good health.”
“Yes, thank you,” she said. “They send their love.”
He smiled. “That is nice of them. I miss those peaceful days on the farm. We are all so busy here. I am helping to design the main buildings.” He pointed to the paper and Kiya stared at what she realised must be the layout of the temple.
“Where is the sacristy?” she asked.
“There,” he indicated a small square to the edge of the paper, then turned his attention to the large building that took up most of the page. “The temple has two courtyards which are open to the blessed rays of the Aten. Without a roof, there is no need for pillars so a thousand people and more can be accommodated for the ceremonies.”
“Does it not get hot?” asked Kiya, who was only listening with half an ear while she studied the plan of the sacristy.
There was a pause, as if Dennu had been expecting a different response, and then he said, “Yes, to be honest, it does. The King and his wife conduct the ceremonies beneath a sacred awning but people have already suffered from heat stroke.”
“Have you managed to avoid such a fate?” asked Kiya, glancing up at him in concern.
Dennu nodded. “I am fine. At the moment I am playing the role of architect. I seem to have a talent for turning King Ikhnaton’s dreams into reality.” He picked a second roll of papyrus from the table and opened it out. “Look this is the main palace. It will be surrounded by a walled garden with an artificial boating lake, pavilions and raised terraces. The King will live in a palace in the garden, with his favoured courtiers. All around, within the walls, is a hidden corridor, where servants can minister to their needs without being seen.”
“It sounds wonderful,” said Kiya in an attempt to echo his enthusiasm.
“The grand audience room will be here, open to the gardens. The King and Queen have interconnecting apartments. Then there is the harem, with its private passage to the King’s bedroom. The children’s quarters and school will be here, next to the harem.”
“Where are the children now?” asked Kiya.
“They are still in the palace in Thebes, along with the ladies of the harem and all their servants. The King is anxious to have the new palace built as soon as possible so they can all come to Akhetaten.”
“It is a great undertaking,” said Kiya.
“It is the most worthwhile thing I have ever done. The King is a visionary. He seeks to create a world of harmony where peace and love reign supreme.” Dennu’s blissful expression changed to a scowl as he noticed Sabu waiting outside with the donkey.
“Is that Enno?” he said.
“Yes, I borrowed him for the journey.”
“And who is that man with him?”
“He is Sabu, my bodyguard.”
“A bodyguard? How can you afford to employ a bodyguard?” His eyes flickered to her arms where the golden armlet should be. “Oh, I see!” It was as if a shutter had come down between them. His face was expressionless.
“Don’t be like that, Dennu,” she pleaded. “It’s not what you think. The armlet was stolen.”
“Really?” His voice was heavy with sarcasm.
“Honestly. Please believe me. I would not have parted with it for the world.”
He sighed. “I resolved never to see you again, Kiya. But here you are and my emotions are in turmoil. I wish you would leave me in peace.”
“But everything is different now,” she insisted.
“Really? In what way?”
Kiya hesitated. She could not tell him that she had once been in love with Anubis - she hoped that such youthful folly would remain a secret. “I am older now,” she said.
Dennu grinned, his good humour returning. “You may be right. But I am disappointed that you did not keep the armlet. It meant a lot to me.”
Kiya was about to protest when a man entered the tent and she was shocked to recognise Urshu. He looked as snake-like as ever with his thin lipped mouth gaping open and his hooded eyes wide with surprise. Dennu glanced at him briefly before introducing him. “This is my assistant, Urshu. He is a scribe, who is helping with the work.”
Urshu bowed to Kiya and, having recovered from his initial shock, showed no sign of recognition. Kiya hesitated, aware that Dennu had not noticed Urshu’s reaction. What was her dance master doing here? She had last seen him at the temple in Thebes when the soldiers invaded. Of all the people in the world, he was the last she wished to meet. Was he being tactful? Was he trying to hide his past? Whatever the reason, she went along with the deception and bowed without speaking.
“I had better be going,” she said, anxious to escape from a difficult situation. “I am trying to find Laylos and Huy.”
“They are living in the barracks,” said Dennu. “The third house in the fourth square.”
“Do you see much of them?” she asked.
“Very little.” Dennu indicated the papyrus sheet before him. “As you see, I am busy.”
“Yes, of course. I am sorry to disturb you, Dennu.”
“Not at all. It has been a pleasure to see you again.” He made a gracious gesture of farewell and she hurried from the tent.

Chapter Forty Five: In the Barracks
“Is anything wrong, Mistress?” asked Sabu as she joined him and Enno.
Kiya frowned. “Dennu has employed a man who I hoped never to see again. He pretended not to recognise me and I wish now I had not allowed the deception.”
They walked away from the tent and Kiya glanced back to see Dennu bent once more over his table and no sign of Urshu. She sighed at being so quickly forgotten. “Dennu is the man who gave me the armlet I lost at the inn,” she told Sabu. “He would not believe it was stolen. He is such an irritating man - I might have to ask you to kill him one day.” Sabu nodded. “I’m just joking,” she added hastily.
He laughed. “I would never kill a man who means so much to you.”
“No, he does not!” she protested. “He means nothing to me. We are just friends, that is all. Sometimes I doubt if we are even that.”
Sabu looked across the river to where the sun was approaching the distant escarpment. “We must find your aunt and uncle before nightfall.”
As they hurried towards the barracks, Kiya worried about Urshu. Did he mean to harm Dennu? The man was obsessed with power and capable of anything. She wondered if she should warn Dennu but feared that he would not believe her. Besides, it would be too easy for Urshu to wreak revenge. He knew too many secrets that she wished to keep hidden.
Kiya was distracted by the delicious aroma of cooking. She and Sabu were joined by an ever-increasing crowd of tired labourers, all heading in the same direction. She saw that their destination was a kitchen that had been set up beside the barracks. Men and women sat on wooden benches at long trestle tables eating from bowls and helping themselves from baskets of bread. Soldiers walked between the tables, carrying flagons of beer.
Kiya longed to join the queue of people waiting to take their places at the meal, but Sabu hurried her past. “There will be time to eat when we have found your aunt and uncle,” he said.
The barracks consisted of several squares of single-story terraces. They all looked identical and Kiya thanked Horus that she had met Dennu first - she would never have discovered the correct house without his help. She counted the fourth square, then the third door, took a deep breath and knocked.
After a pause, Laylos answered the summons. She looked blankly at Kiya for a moment, then she folded her into her arms in a hug.
“Kiya, my darling. How good to see you.”
“Dear Laylos. I have missed you.”
“Is that why you have come to pay us a visit? I fear you will find conditions primitive.” She looked past her to Sabu, who was standing with the donkey. “Who is this young man?”
“This is Sabu. He is my bodyguard.”
“A bodyguard? That is very grand - and very necessary, no doubt. It would be a dangerous journey for a girl to make on her own. I see you have brought Enno.”
“Yes. I have to get him back to Teos for next season’s ploughing.”
“You plan to stay here for so long?” Laylos raised her eyebrows in surprise.
“Not exactly. I am on a mission.”
“I might have known it. You had better come in,” said Laylos, holding the door wide. “Come on both of you, and bring the donkey.”
It was a tight squeeze with the four of them in the little room. “How I miss my nice apartment in Thebes,” said Laylos. “We have no amenities here. There is no water, except what is carried in buckets from the river. There are no cooking facilities - we all have to eat at the communal kitchen. Honestly, when I think of what your uncle has brought me to.”
She seemed cheerful enough, despite her grumbling, and Kiya tried to encourage her. “It’s an adventure, Aunt. You are here at the start of something new.”
“The start of something stupid, more like!” said her aunt. She looked at Sabu. “Tell me, young man, why is a bodyguard wearing soldier’s uniform?”
“He saved me from his fellow soldiers on the way here,” said Kiya and recounted what had happened at the inn.
“Oh my goodness, what a narrow escape,” gasped Laylos.
“They would have killed me,” Kiya agreed. “One of them threw his spear and it missed me by a hair’s breadth. The worst of it is that, in all the confusion, I left behind the armlet Dennu gave me and he is furious.”
“I do not doubt it.”
“He refuses to believe it was stolen. He thinks I sold it to pay for Sabu to be my bodyguard.”
“Poor Dennu. If he has a fault, it is to always think the worst – especially where you are concerned.” Laylos frowned. “You say the soldiers are bringing grain to Akhetaten? What if they should see you here? They will try to silence you before you can accuse them.”
“I will protect her,” said Sabu.
“I am sure you will, Sabu, but you will be dangerously outnumbered,” said Laylos. Enno shifted slightly and let out a resonant fart. “Oh by Horus, that donkey is about to soil my floor. Get him out of here, Sabu. He can join the other donkeys in the compound.”
“Will he be safe?” asked Kiya anxiously.
“Of course he will. There is plenty of hay for him to eat and water to drink.”
When Sabu and Enno had gone Laylos turned to Kiya. “Now, perhaps you can tell me where you got the money to pay for a bodyguard. I hope your poor father has not had to raid his life savings again.”
“No, of course not. I have been given gold to undertake this mission. I tried to share my good fortune with Papa, but neither he nor Ramala wanted any.”
“Gold? Good heavens child. How did you come by it?”
Kiya told her about the meeting with Anubis and Hathor. “They want me to use my power of smell to find the ka of Osiris and have paid me with a bag of nuggets. Look!” Kiya stripped off her shift and turned it inside out to show Laylos all the pockets sewn inside.
Laylos was feeling the nuggets through the linen, with little exclamations of surprise, when Huy walked through the door. “By Horus!” he exclaimed. “A naked niece. What goodness have I done to deserve such a sight?”
“Look away you naughty man,” said Laylos transposing her bulk between him and Kiya. Kiya hastily put her shift on again and felt herself blush scarlet.
“So, Kiya. What are you doing here?” said Huy. “On another of your wild adventures, I presume.”
“She has to find the ka of Osiris,” said Laylos. “And has been given a fortune in gold in order to do so.”
“I want you to have half my wealth,” said Kiya. “I will not need it all and my parents have refused to have any.”
“Why should they turn down the chance to become rich?” said Laylos.
“They are happy as they are. They think they would lose their peace of mind and their friends.”
“They are right,” said Huy. “We will not take your gold either.” Laylos moaned in protest. “But I am happy to earn some of it. I will be your bodyguard.”
“And I will be your chaperone,” said Laylos.
Sabu came through the door. “Who are you?” asked Huy.
“I am Mistress’s bodyguard, Sir.”
“Ah a rival bodyguard. I will have to fight you for the post!” Huy pretended to reach for his sword.
“Don’t tease the boy,” protested Laylos. “Kiya can have two bodyguards. She will probably need them if past experience is anything to go by.” She patted her stomach. “I am starving. Now we are all here, let us go down to the communal kitchen for supper.”

Chapter Forty Six: Janais
Kiya watched Laylos kneel down and search through the cupboard beneath the seating bench.
“I should have enough crockery for us all,” she muttered as she dragged out bowls, spoons and goblets. She distributed them to Huy, Kiya and Sabu then leant heavily on the bench to get back onto her feet. “I am sure this bench is going to collapse one day,” she said. “I have never known houses to be so badly built.”
Kiya followed her aunt and uncle from the house and across the square. She looked more closely at the surrounding terraces and saw that they appeared hastily constructed, with rough, uneven brickwork. Some bricks had been made with too little straw and were already crumbling. She hoped the rest of the city would show better workmanship.
Huy and Laylos led the way to the kitchen, where they were swiftly seated – Laylos on one side of Kiya and Sabu on the other. It was near the end of the day and diners were eating fast and leaving, anxious to be home before nightfall. The smell of meat stew mingled with the stench of unwashed workmen and the air was full of the sound of talk and laughter. Kiya felt ravenous and watched eagerly as a soldier walked down between the tables serving people from a large pot.
“You’re a pretty girl, I have not seen you here before,” he said as he ladled stew into Kiya’s bowl.
Huy, who was on the other side of Laylos, leant forwards to glare at the soldier. “This is my niece,” he said.
The soldier paled. “Oh! I am sorry, Sir.” Huy gave a grunt.
Kiya ate the stew hungrily. The meat was tough but the gravy, enriched with scallions, celery and beans, tasted delicious.
“Do you remember my niece, Kiya?” Laylos said.
At the sound of her name, Kiya turned her attention to her aunt, who addressed a man seated opposite.
“Yes, of course,” said the man and Kiya was surprised to recognised the butcher, Janais, from Ankhis. “How are you doing, Kiya? Did you ever meet my wife, Tarset?”
Kiya leaned across the table and shook hands with the woman sitting next to Janais. She was plump and good-natured looking with the flushed skin of someone who ate plenty of meat. “It is a pleasure to meet you,” Kiya said. She had encountered few of the inhabitants of her aunt’s home village and could not remember seeing Tarset before.
“So, what brings you to Akhetaten?” Laylos asked Janais.
“We thought we had better get out of Gesem while the going was good. I could not sell the business, of course. Who would want to buy a shop in such a lawless area?”
“Lawless?” Laylos sounded surprised.
“Yes. Massui is no longer given funds to run his garrison. The guards have left and there is nobody to protect us.”
“Is Massui still there?” asked Kiya.
Janais shrugged. “Who knows? If he is, then he is living without servants. What a come-down for a great man.”
Tarset turned to Laylos. “I could not believe it when I heard you had disappeared from Ankhis. What happened?”
“I eloped, with this man.” Laylos indicated Huy who was eating his stew with gusto. He looked up and grinned. A dribble of gravy ran down his chin.
“Huy, do you remember Janais, the butcher from Ankhis?” Laylos asked him.
“No!” said Huy. “But I would be grateful if he would pass the bread.”
“This is my husband, the Captain of the garrison. He gets hungry,” explained Laylos.
“Your husband? Congratulations,” said Janais and handed down the bread basket. Huy helped himself to the largest piece.
“Have you managed to find work in Akhetaten?” Laylos asked her friends.
“There is lots of employment here,” said Janais. “I am a labourer and Tarset works in the sacristy kitchen.”
Kiya’s interest sharpened. “What is the sacristy like?” she asked Tarset.
“Oh, it is very grand. The kitchen is huge. There are three fire pits and a bread oven.”
“Have you ever been into Nefertiti’s quarters?” asked Kiya.
Tarset looked surprised. “Why would I go there? I am just a kitchen maid. But I do hear they are very beautiful and there is a room that is always kept locked.” She leaned forwards and lowered her voice. “There is much speculation about what treasure lies inside.”
If she only knew, thought Kiya. What a surprise that would be!
Huy used the bread to sop up the last of his stew and lifted his goblet. “Soldier! We need more beer down here.” A man carrying a flagon hurried down the row.
“By the way, Laylos,” said Tarset. “I have run out of that rash ointment you make. Do you have any more?”
Laylos shook her head. “I am sorry. I cannot get hold of the herbs at the moment. I hope to be back in business soon.”
“So do I,” sighed Janais. “I want to return to being a butcher, but we live in difficult times.”
Huy drained his beer, got to his feet and looked down at Janais with a frown. “We live in times of peace and love,” he said.
“Yes, of course.” Janais was flustered. “Hail to the King.”
“Hail,” said Huy and walked away.
“Sorry about that,” said Laylos and hurried after him.
Sabu was sitting next to Kiya. He had not uttered a word during the meal, but now he turned to her and said. “We should follow them, Mistress.”
“Yes of course. Goodbye, Janais. Goodbye, Tarset.”
“Goodbye, Kiya.” They smiled and waved, less disconcerted than she was by Huy’s abrupt departure.
Kiya could hear her aunt and uncle arguing as she followed with Sabu.
“I wish you would not be so pushy,” said Laylos.
“It is expected of me, my dear,” Huy replied.
“You might be nicer to my friends,” Laylos said.
“They are your friends not mine. I have never seen them before in my life. I cannot be seen by my soldiers chitchatting to civilians.”
“You are so intimidating,” she complained.
Huy put his arm around her shoulders. “Not enough to intimidate you, my little peach blossom.”
She smiled up at him and slid her arm around his waist. “That’s because I know what a softie you are at heart.”
The first stars were appearing in the sky as Kiya followed the entwined couple back to their home. She could sense Sabu’s alertness as he walked by her side, scanning the shadows for signs of threat. He was a good man, but he took his duties so seriously that she began to feel nervous of anticipated dangers.

Chapter Forty Seven: The Thieves Return
Kiya slept badly that night. A low wall around the roof separated them from their neighbours and she could hear the sounds of other people snoring, arguing and, from the furtive rustling sounds, making love. She was used to the quiet of the countryside and every new noise disturbed her.
The others were downstairs when she woke in the morning. She descended the narrow staircase to join them.
“You look tired,” said Laylos.
“We are going to the kitchen for breakfast, are you coming?” said Huy.
Kiya shook her head. The thought of breakfast made her queasy.
“You two carry on,” said Laylos. “We women need more time to get ready.”
When Huy and Sabu had gone she turned to Kiya. “I have never known you lose your appetite before.” Laylos sat down and patted the seating ledge beside her.
“I just feel a bit sick in the mornings,” said Kiya and joined her aunt on the bench.
“How long has this been going on?” said Laylos with a frown.
“A month, two months, I’m not sure.”
“Are you still getting your monthly flow?”
Kiya knew where the conversation was headed. The fear which had been lurking in the back of her mind could no longer be ignored. Her last flow had not come. She had persuaded herself that its absence was the result of stress. But her next one was now overdue and she must face the possibility that she was pregnant. She opened her mouth to answer Laylos but no words came. Instead she broke down into tears.
“Poor darling,” Laylos’s arms were around her, soft and comforting. “Does your mother know?”
“Nobody knows,” sobbed Kiya. “I have only just realised it myself.”
“Who is the father?” asked Laylos.
“I don’t know.”
“For Thoth’s sake, child. How many lovers have you had?”
“None.”
“What nonsense, Kiya. It must have been Anubis. Were you not married to him as High Priestess?”
“Yes, but that’s impossible,” protested Kiya. “We lay together but did not make love. I am still a virgin, Laylos. I swear it.”
Her aunt did not look convinced. “If you say so, dear, but few will believe you.”
“Oh, no!” Kiya buried her head in her hands and wept.
Laylos hugged her more closely. “Most girls are happy to be pregnant. It is my one regret that I have been unable to conceive. What to do when your baby is born is a problem for the future, Kiya. We have a more immediate challenge facing us.”
“You are right.” Kiya dried her tears. “I must finish my mission before my condition becomes a burden. I think I know where Osiris’s body is hidden - in a locked room in the sacristy. I have to get near enough to discover the odour of his soul.”
“He probably smells of putrefaction by now,” said Laylos.
Kiya shook her head. “His body is miraculously preserved. Isis is determined to bring him back to life and she is an immortal with many powers.”
Huy and Sabu returned with bread and dates. “They are packing up breakfast,” said Huy. “You are too late so we brought you back these. What a shame. You missed some delicious smoked and salted fish.” Kiya gave a moan as her stomach churned at the thought. “I’m off to work. I will try to organise a month’s leave for this project of yours, Kiya. In the meantime lie low and stay out of trouble.” He kissed Laylos and departed.
Laylos ate breakfast while Kiya and Sabu went up to the roof and spread out the straw on which they had been sleeping.
“That is the housekeeping nearly done,” said Laylos when they came downstairs. “We just need to wash up the breakfast things.” She looked in the bucket. “We have run out of water. I will have to go down to the river and get some.”
“I will carry the bucket,” said Sabu.
“And I’ll come with you,” said Kiya.
Laylos looked worried. “Should you not stay at home?” she said.
“Of course not!” said Kiya. “How can I find a way into the sacristy if I am stuck here? Besides I would go mad confined to this room for long.”
Laylos gave in. “Oh, very well. But try not to draw attention to yourself.”
The three of them set off through the camp to reach the river. They passed brick makers treading chopped straw into clay. Thousands of bricks lay in rows drying in the sun. Further on, men were digging the foundations of houses on either side of the street along which they walked.
“It will not be long before this is a proper city,” said Laylos. “Half of Egypt seems to be here, helping to build it.”
A quay had already been constructed beside the Nile. Moored to it was a barge being unloaded by workmen, who strained to lift the heavy stones it contained. A row of donkeys with plaited reed panniers stood ready to receive their loads. One of them looked balefully at Kiya.
She stared at it in dismay “Is that Enno? Surely it cannot be!”
“It might be,” said Laylos with a shrug. “All donkeys look the same to me.”
“I thought he was eating grass in a compound somewhere,” said Kiya.
“He has to earn his keep like everyone else,” said Laylos.
“Don’t worry, Enno, I will come and get you soon,” Kiya called out to the donkey.
“You keep your thieving hands off my donkey!” shouted a man, who was supervising the unloading. He advanced towards them. “I’ll show you what happens to donkey robbers around here.”
“For Thoth’s sake, Kiya,” muttered Laylos. “I told you not to draw attention to yourself!” She raised her voice. “I am sorry Sir, it was just a joke. No harm meant.” She grabbed Kiya’s arm and hurried her away, but not before many heads had turned in their direction.
A little further down the river a sandy bank sloped to the water. Sabu went down and filled the bucket. They were walking back to the road when three men emerged from behind a wall.
“I thought I recognised you, arguing with the donkey man,” said one of the two soldiers. “You are the girl from Mitry’s inn.” He turned to Sabu. “And you are the miserable little turncoat who spoilt our fun.”
Kiya hardly heard him. With a shock of surprise she recognised their third ambusher. The man from Thebes, who had alerted the soldiers to her wealth, was not the lurker but the goldsmith’s son - the one who had been on the rooftop with a throwing spear. He knew at once that he had been identified and he glared at her.
“Does your father know you are here?” she said.
“No, and he will not find out,” he snarled. He drew back his spear.
“Run, Kiya, run,” screamed her aunt. Kiya heard Sabu unsheathe his sword as she turned and fled.
She had gone but a few steps before the spear hit her between the shoulder-blades with such force that it sent her sprawling to the ground. Laylos’s screams rang in her ears and for a few seconds she lay still, winded by the fall. She heard a clatter as the spear fell to the ground beside her and she rolled over so the shaft was beneath her body.
The goldsmith’s son ran up to her. Beyond him she could see a fight going on. Laylos was swinging the bucket at one soldier while Sabu was in a sword duel with the other.
“Why are you not dead? You must be a witch!” The man tried to pull the spear out from under her but she hung onto it. “See if you can survive this!” he said and drew a knife from his belt. “Even a witch cannot live without a head!”
With desperate fingers she clawed a handful of sand from the ground and threw it in his face. He dodged it easily. “Witch,” he growled and raised the knife high.
A hand came from nowhere and gripped his wrist. “Not so fast,” came a familiar voice. “You are under arrest.”
“Huy!” Kiya sat up and saw that her uncle had arrived with several soldiers. The two thieves who had been fighting with Sabu and Laylos had their arms firmly pinioned. She watched as the goldsmith’s son was dragged back to join them, struggling violently with his captors.
“I tell you, that girl is a witch!” he shouted.
Kiya got to her feet and pointed to the trio. “I accuse these men of robbing me and trying to murder me!”
“Do you have a witness?” asked Huy.
“Yes, I am her witness,” said Sabu, stepping forwards.
“Then we must take this matter to the King,” said Huy.
The robbers hurled threats at Sabu as they were hauled away.
“Traitor!”
“You will get what is coming to you!”
Kiya glanced at her bodyguard and saw that he had paled. “Thank you for all you have done, Sabu,” she said. “With you as a witness, I am sure that justice will prevail.”
Sabu nodded but still looked worried. “Men like those have long memories,” he said.

Chapter Forty Eight: Justice
Kiya followed Huy’s men as they dragged the robbers towards the temple. Her back throbbed where the spear had hit her and she held her aunt’s arm for support.
“By Thoth, I thought you had been killed!” Laylos said. “How are you, Kiya?”
“It hurts where that spear hit me.”
“Let me have a look.” Laylos dropped behind and Kiya felt her touch her back. Her voice sank to a whisper. “It is as I thought. The spear hit a gold nugget. You have had a lucky escape, Kiya. There is a small split in the shift but I think the nugget is still safely in its pocket.”
“Worry about me, not the nugget,” protested Kiya.
As the group made its way along the street, Kiya noticed a stirring of interest. Men stopped work on the half-constructed buildings and watched them walk past. She turned to Sabu, who was walking on the other side of her.
“You are very quiet, Sabu.”
“When I saw you fall I thought you were dead,” he said “Thank Thoth for your miraculous survival. I am ashamed that I failed as a bodyguard.”
“No,” Kiya assured him, “You did not fail. You were brilliant, Sabu. You fought off the thieves with great courage.”
Sabu smiled. “Your aunt was the brave one. I will never forget how she hit that soldier with her bucket.”
“I am very grateful to you both,” said Kiya. Ahead of them she could see the temple entrance, which was wide and unguarded. It seemed strange to her that all were welcomed into such a holy place.
Through the entrance she found herself in a huge space, at the far end of which was a raised platform and there, beneath a tasselled canopy sat King Ikhnaton and Queen Nefertiti. Kiya stared at them. They looked magnificent, their golden cloaks gleaming with embroidered rays. On their heads were crowns – that of Nefertiti so high that Kiya wondered how her slender neck could support it.
Kiya pushed her way forwards through the people that milled around in the temple. Some carried flowers and produce, which they put into offering baskets. Kiya breathed deeply, enjoying the scent of fruits and lilies. As she approached the platform she heard music and saw a small orchestra playing under the shadow of the canopy.
Huy and the prisoners reached the King ahead of her. She saw her uncle step forwards and bow low. “Your Majesty. We have apprehended three men who are accused of theft and attempted murder.”
The prisoners were pushed towards King Ikhnaton by the guards and Kiya saw him frown. “It is a sin against the Aten to commit a crime in the holy city.”
“We did not commit it here,” said one of the soldiers, “but in an inn on the road.”
“Shut up,” said the second soldier under his breath.
They have condemned themselves out of their own mouths, thought Kiya and was surprised to see the King’s frown diminish. “That is good,” he said. “Akhetaten is a city of peace and love as befits a site that has been chosen by the mighty Aten.”
“My Lord,” persisted Huy. “These men stole a valuable armlet from this girl, here.”
Kiya stepped forwards and bowed. She was conscious of the eyes of the King and Queen upon her.
“Have you proof?” asked Nefertiti with an ill-suppressed yawn.
“We will find proof, your Majesty,” said Huy. He turned to his men and commanded, “Search them!”
Kiya watched as the prisoners were searched and prayed to Horus that they had not already disposed of the jewellery. To her relief, Dennu’s armlet was produced from the waist purse of one of the soldiers.
“That’s it!” Kiya cried.
“The armlet is mine,” said the soldier. “You cannot prove otherwise.”
“I believe this armlet was given to the girl by Dennu the priest,” said Huy.
“Dennu?” the King brightened. “He is a good man. One can certainly believe anything he says.” He raised his voice. “Send for the priest!”
Kiya’s heart beat faster. Dennu was coming. He would find out that she had been telling the truth about the lost armlet.
“You seem to know a lot about it,” said Nefertiti to Huy.
Kiya stared at the Queen. She was a dangerous woman. She remembered Anubis saying that she had been driven half mad by the death of Osiris and she wondered what form that madness took.
“This girl is my niece, your Majesty,” Huy said.
“She is fortunate in that connection,” said Nefertiti and Kiya could sense an unpleasant edge to her voice.
Huy turned his attention to the King. “Your Majesty, this man threw a spear at my niece, Kiya, and nearly killed her. We have many witnesses.”
“She looks well enough to me,” said Nefertiti. She stared at Kiya and there was fire glowing in the depths of her eyes. Kiya hurriedly looked down to the ground.
“She was saved by a miracle,” said Huy.
“And it happened in the holy city,” interjected Laylos.
“A miracle? In the holy city? Aten be praised!” said the King. Kiya looked up as he rose to his feet and held his hands to the sun. All around the crowd murmured appreciation of the power of the Aten.
Kiya stared at the King in amazement. His cloak had fallen open revealing a pleated shift, which stretched over vast hips and thighs. Was he Tawaret, the hippopotamus god? Surely not, for Tawaret was female. Kiya held her head high, sniffing the air, trying to smell if Ikhnaton was an immortal. She could sense nothing but the roses scent of Isis, who was sitting beside him as Nefertiti.
“Tell me more about this miracle,” said the King.
“Your Majesty, this man threw a spear at my niece as she ran from him. It hit her here in the back.” Huy turned Kiya around and showed the King the split in the shift where the spear had hit. “The spear appeared to stick into her and she collapsed. We all thought she had been killed. Then, as she lay, the spear slowly toppled over and fell to the ground beside her. It was a true miracle, your Majesty.”
“You have been blessed by the Aten,” Ikhnaton said to Kiya. “We must show him our appreciation of his miracle. You can become a flower girl.” He indicated the girls who stood at the side of the platform carrying baskets of petals.
Kiya seized her chance. “I’m grateful, your Majesty,” she said. “But I think the Aten wishes me to serve your royal wife.”
“Really?” King Ikhnaton sounded surprised. “In what respect?”
“By working in the sacristy,” said Kiya. “Perhaps I could be a cleaner or a maid.”
“See to it will you, dear?” said the King to Nefertiti.
“As you wish,” said the Queen and she glowered at Kiya.
“Ah, here comes Dennu,” said Ikhnaton.
Kiya turned and saw Dennu hurrying towards them. He took a quick look at Kiya and then he sank on his knees before the platform. “Your Majesty, you sent for me?” he said.
“Did you give this golden armlet to the girl, Kiya,” asked Ikhnaton. He indicated to Huy that he should pass the armlet to the priest.
Kiya watched as Dennu got to his feet and studied the armlet. “Yes, Sire.”
“Why?” said Nefertiti.
Dennu blinked. “It belonged to my mother. I can no longer wear it as it is of heathen design and inappropriate for a priest of the Aten.”
“It is a generous gift for such a girl,” sneered Nefertiti. Kiya’s heart sank. For some reason the goddess had taken a dislike to her. It would make her task that much more difficult.
“Your Majesty,” said Huy. “The prisoners have been proved guilty without a doubt. It is time to decide their punishment.”
“Oh dear.” Ikhnaton looked worried. “Do you repent of your sins?” he asked the three men.
“Yes, we do,” they chorused.
“Do you ask for forgiveness?”
“Yes!” They sounded increasingly cheerful as they sensed the King’s reluctance to punish them.
“Love, forgiveness and mercy. They are blessings in the eyes of the Aten. Do you forgive these men the wrong they have done you, Kiya?”
“No!” she said firmly.
“Oh dear. What is to be done? The prisons have not yet been built.” Kiya felt exasperated by the indecision of the King. Was he really considering releasing such dangerous men?
“Leave it to me,” said Nefertiti. “It is time for you to prepare for the midday ceremony, my dear.”
“Yes, indeed.” The King gestured to the flower girls who hurried forwards to scatter petals before him as he walked. Slowly the little procession went through to the second courtyard of the temple. The musicians followed and the sound of music faded as they left.
There was no breeze within the temple. Kiya felt the sun beat down and watched petals wither on the sand. In the silence that followed the departure of the King, Nefertiti issued her command. “Execute the prisoners – now.”
“Prepare the condemned,” said Huy.
The surprised men made no protest as they were pushed to their knees. With brutal force, their heads were pulled back by the hair. Huy removed a knife from his belt and slashed open the throat of the goldsmith’s son. Kiya looked on in distress as twin fountains of blood burst from the dying man’s neck. She heard air escape through the severed windpipe in a bubbling sigh as his lungs collapsed. The stench of blood filled her nostrils. It was as if she was drowning in gore, she could hardly breath for the heat and the shock.
Huy’s knife rose and fell twice more but Kiya was only dimly aware of the carnage. Darkness was closing in on her and she fainted.

Chapter Forty Nine: The Invitation
When Kiya woke she was lying in coolness and shade, with her head on her aunt’s lap. Laylos was gently stroking her hair.
“Where am I?” Kiya asked.
“You are safely home, my dear. You fainted.”
The confusion in Kiya’s mind cleared and she remembered what had happened at the temple. “It was horrible.” She shuddered at the thought of the bloody scene. “Huy slit those men’s throats as if they were animals being slaughtered.”
“He is very good at it,” agreed Laylos. “The executions were over before the prisoners knew what was happening. Besides, would you rather they were set free? One of them had already tried to murder you, and the others threatened to kill Sabu. Neither of you would have been safe with them lurking around.”
“I know he did the right thing, but I wish I had not seen it happen.”
The door opened and Sabu came in with three beakers of beer on a tray. “I am pleased to see you have recovered, Mistress.”
“Thank you, Sabu. I am ashamed to show such weakness.”She took a sip of her drink and looked around. “Where is Huy?” she asked Laylos.
“He is at the temple, supervising the cleaning. There must be no trace of blood in the sand when the midday ceremony starts. Dennu helped carry you here but he had to go as he is busy.”
“Typical,” said Kiya.
“Don’t be hard on the man, he was very worried about you. He must have been watching you when the executions took place. The rest of us had not even realised you were ill, when he rushed across to catch you as you fell. He made sure you got home safely and would not leave until he was confident that you were recovering.”
“Oh, that was nice of him,” said Kiya and felt gratified by Dennu’s concern. She looked down and saw the gold armlet was safely back on her arm. “I expect he felt guilty that he disbelieved me about the armlet.”
“I expect he did, my dear,” said Laylos. “He is going to take you out for a meal so you will soon find out.”
“Take me for a meal?” Kiya scrambled to her feet. “Oh no! What am I going to wear? I look terrible.”
“We have three hours to get you ready,” said Laylos. She handed Sabu the bucket, which had managed to survive its recent adventure. “Please would you fetch us some water, Sabu. It should be safe to go down to the river now.”
“Yes, Madam.” Sabu took the bucket and departed.
“You certainly can’t wear that shift,” said Laylos. “It needs to be washed and mended. While we wait for Sabu you can take it off and I will show you how to darn.”
So Kiya took off her shift, and turned so Laylos could examine her back. “Can you see anything where the spear hit?” she asked.
“Oh, my dear, you are going to have such a bruise!”
“Ouch!” yelped Kiya as her aunt prodded her gently with her fingers.
“No bones broken, thank goodness,” said Laylos.
Kiya unpacked a spare shift from her bag and put it on, then she sat beside her aunt on the bench and watched her sew the split so cunningly that the stitching hardly showed.
She was admiring her aunt’s handiwork, when there was a knock on the door and Sabu entered with the bucket of water.
“Well done, Sabu,” said Laylos. “Pour some of it into this basin, please.”
Sabu obeyed and Kiya felt sorry for him. Since coming to live with Laylos he had to obey two mistresses instead of one. She watched her aunt plunge the repaired shift into the basin and scrub it carefully, then Laylos gave it to Sabu to lay out on the roof to dry.
“Stay and guard it, Sabu,” she said, then turned to Kiya with a grin. “We don’t want thieving neighbours to steal more than they bargained for.”
Kiya started to prepare herself for her lunch date. By the time Dennu came to collect her, she was clean and scented. Her face was made up with rouge and kohl and her hair was gleaming.
“You look beautiful,” said Dennu. She saw his pupils widen and knew that he spoke the truth.
“Thank you,” she said.
“Make sure she is home before nightfall,” commanded Laylos.
“Of course,” said Dennu.
Outside, Dennu offered Kiya his arm. She took it and was aware of many eyes upon them. They made an unusual couple in that rough neighbourhood.
“Where are we going?” she asked, hoping it wasn’t to the communal kitchen.
“I am taking you back to my place,” he said. “I hope you don’t mind. Soon there will be shops and restaurants in Akhetaten, but until then we must do the best we can. I have arranged for the cook to provide a special meal for us.”
As they walked, Dennu apologised. “I am embarrassed to admit it,” he said. “But I thought you had paid for the services of a bodyguard by selling the armlet.”
“How could you think such a thing?” said Kiya, in mock surprise.
“I must confess that I am still puzzled how you could afford a guard. But I am delighted you have got one. You seem to have made enemies already and you have only been in Akhetaten a couple of days. What are you up to, Kiya? Why are you here?”
Kiya felt depressed. “I fear that the purpose of this meal is to interrogate me.”
“I am sorry,” said Dennu. “No more questions, I promise. Look, those men are building a market street, soon we will have traders and craftsmen. You will enjoy Akhetaten, Kiya. It will be a wonderful city, to rival Thebes and Helwan in its splendour. And we are here at the beginning, able to influence its construction.” She looked up at him and saw that his eyes were shining with enthusiasm.
“You have found your rightful place,” she said.
He nodded. “Stay here in Akhetaten, Kiya. Is this not adventure enough for you?”
“I cannot stay,” she said. “Not yet. I wish I could.”
“No, of course not,” he looked hurt. “Forget I asked.” With an effort he tried to restore the happy mood. “Look, the stone carvers are already at work on the frieze that will run around the palace wall.”
Kiya looked at the men working on slabs of limestone with hammers and chisels. “What is the design?” she said. “It cannot be the victories of the King, for I heard that Ikhnaton is against war.”
“The frieze is about love not war,” said Dennu. “The great love that Ikhnaton and Nefertiti have for each other and the even greater love they have for the Aten.”
Well, thought Kiya, at least half of that frieze will be a lie. “What about the King’s other wives,” she said. “Do they not get recognised?”
“Of course not,” said Dennu. “Ikhnaton has to have a harem. Other rulers send him wives to cement treaties and gain influence at court - but he services them out of duty. Nefertiti is his soul mate and shares the honour of leading the worship of the Aten.”
“That’s nice,” said Kiya.
Dennu sighed and turned his head to give Kiya a meaningful look. “I envy the King being able to share his life with the woman he loves.”
“Sometimes love is blind,” said Kiya.
“You are probably right.”
Kiya didn’t reply but clung more tightly to Dennu’s arm as they made their way over the uneven ground to the tent.

Chapter Fifty: The Tent
When Kiya had seen Dennu working in the tent it had been completely open, the sides extended into verandas supported by poles. Now, as she approached, she saw that the inner part was closed off by a curtain, so finely woven that it was translucent and billowed in the breeze.
“Welcome to my home,” said Dennu and pulled aside the curtain so she could enter.
Kiya gasped, Dennu’s workplace had been transformed. The table that had once held papyrus scrolls was now laid with fine plates and cutlery. A vase of sweet-smelling flowers stood by a doorway, beyond which Kiya could see a bed. The tent was cool and light without being bright - far from the hot, dusty house in which her aunt and uncle lived.
“It’s beautiful,” she said.
“Take a seat,” said Dennu and pulled out a chair so she could sit at the table. He clapped his hands and a servant entered with a jug and a dish of small, yellow biscuits. Dennu waited until he had gone and then sat opposite her. He poured a goblet of wine and handed it to Kiya with a smile.
“We may still be primitive in Akhetaten, but we can obtain excellent wine.”
“Some live in more primitive conditions than others,” replied Kiya and took a sip from her goblet. The wine was rich and heady and she resolved not to drink too much of it.
“We are all equal here in this new city,” said Dennu. “It is the King’s wish that all men are treated the same. As you saw, everyone can freely access the temple and gain audience with him.”
“It must be very time consuming for him,” said Kiya.
Dennu lowered his voice. “As usual, you have shown insight into the situation, Kiya. Ikhnaton is a great man, a visionary, but he has no time for affairs of the state.”
Kiya murmured back. “I fear that his obsession with the Aten is costing Egypt dear. Did you know that your father has lost his garrison? Things are not going well in Gesem.”
Dennu frowned and took a gulp of wine. I have upset him, thought Kiya and wondered whether it was her criticism of the King or the mention of his father.
“Have a saffron biscuit,” said Dennu, offering her the plate. “They are expensive to make, but appetising.”
“Thank you.” Kiya took a biscuit. It tasted like bitter honey but she managed to smile and say, “Delicious.”
“Huy thought you had been killed this morning,” Dennu continued. “He saw with his own eyes the spear hit you in the back. Tell me how you escaped injury, Kiya?”
“I did not escape injury, I am going to have a bruise the size of a fist.”
“It must have been a very blunt spear - or did you use magic?”
He stopped talking as a servant entered the tent with a tray on which were two plates and several bowls. The man put a plate of meat in front of Kiya and she leant forwards to inhale the delicious scent of marinated beef. The bowls contained chick peas, lentils, lettuce, cucumber and finely chopped onion.
“Help yourself, Kiya,” said Dennu leaning back in his chair and indicating the food with a sweeping gesture. When Dennu wanted to show off he certainly did it in style, thought Kiya.
“What a feast!” she said and spooned the vegetables onto her plate.
“Where were we?” said Dennu. “I know, we were talking about the magic spell you used to prevent the spear penetrating your body.”
“No we were not. There is no magic spell.”
“There must be.” Dennu looked at her with pleading eyes. “Please teach it to me, Kiya. That spell would be worth all the others put together. Imagine invisible armour that would keep you safe in battle.”
“There aren’t going to be any battles. You said yourself that Ikhnaton is against war.”
Dennu leant forward earnestly. “There will be skirmishes, Kiya. As a warrior priest it could be my duty to lead an expedition to Gesem. Of course, it would go as a fact finding mission but who knows what trouble we might meet?”
Kiya reached out and took his hand. “Please don’t go Dennu. It would be terribly dangerous.”
“Not with your spell.”
“I swear to you, Dennu. There is no spell.”
He withdrew his hand and sat back in his chair. “I see you are determined not to tell me. No, please don’t say any more. I accept your decision. These secrets must be closely guarded.”
They ate in silence. Kiya’s enjoyment of the food was marred by Dennu’s disgruntlement. Was this the real reason he had invited her to lunch? To learn what spell she had used? She wished she could tell him that the spear had been stopped by a gold nugget sewn into her clothes, but her recently-acquired fortune would open a whole new line of unwelcome questioning. When they had finished their meal, Dennu clapped his hands and a servant came in and took away the dishes.
Kiya was anxious to lighten the atmosphere. “Tell me more about the Aten,” she said.
“The Aten is the disc of the sun and represents the one true god.” Dennu paused as another servant entered with bowls of desert, then continued. “The rays of the sun are the brightness and warmth of god’s love.”
“You have built a temple to the sun?”
“No,” Dennu shook his head. “We worship the unknowable god in the only way available to us.”
“Do you mean that you worship Neter, the creator who made all things, even the gods themselves?” Kiya took a spoonful of fig custard. It was sweet and rich - one of the nicest desserts she had ever tasted.
“Well, yes, in a way.” Dennu frowned and Kiya knew he was reluctant to admit the connection with a god that had been part of the Egyptian pantheon since time immemorial.
“But Neter is beyond men’s comprehension,” said Kiya. “Are you sure he wants to be revered? How do you know he is a loving being? The creator may not be aware of his creation. Would it not be better to go back to the old ways? At least people understood what they were meant to be worshipping.”
“I wish you could share my enthusiasm, Kiya,” said Dennu with a frown. “More wine?” He leant forwards and topped up her goblet, then he lowered his voice. “I know you are up to something. There can be no other reason for you to be in Akhetaten. I would be fooling myself if I thought you had come to see me, or even your aunt and uncle. Please tell me. I would like to help you if I can.”
Kiya shook her head. How could she tell Dennu that her mission was to destroy the new religion he adored so much and to have the temples reopened. “It’s a secret,” she said.
He looked upset. “Do you remember the old days, Kiya? I would have died for you then. You were the first and only woman I truly loved. Now a barrier lies between us and I can no longer reach you. I would give anything for things to be back the way they once were.”
Kiya stared at Dennu, her heart beating faster. Could they turn back time and give their love another chance? Should she abandon her mission and fail the gods? As she struggled with her feelings she heard the sound of approaching music.
“Dennu, I...”
She was about to explain her dilemma when Urshu burst into the tent. “My lord, the King is coming.”

Chapter Fifty One: Blackmail
At Urshu’s interruption, Kiya and Dennu looked up, startled. Kiya glared at the man - had he been listening in the shadows? She ran her mind back over the conversation and hoped that she and Dennu had been discreet.
“Clear the table,” ordered Dennu and servants rushed in to remove the remains of the meal.
Urshu pulled back the curtain to reveal a strange procession coming towards them. It was headed by flower girls, scattering petals on the rubble that surrounded the tent. After them walked King Ikhnaton in his finery. Behind him three men with sistrum, lute and flute, played a few wrong notes in their music as they stumbled over the uneven ground. When they reached the tent the music stopped and the flower girls stood with their heads bowed while Ikhnaton entered the tent.
“Ah, Dennu. I am glad you are here.”
“Your Majesty,” Dennu sank to his knees. Kiya and Urshu followed suit.
“Tomorrow I want you to bring your plans to the sacristy.” Ikhnaton said. “I would like Nefertiti to see them and decide where in the gardens to put the royal pavilion.”
“Yes, your Majesty,” said Dennu.
“In the meantime I have written another verse of my poem to the Aten. Would you like to hear it?” He pulled a manuscript out of his waist purse.
“Yes please,” said Dennu.
“It would be an honour, your Majesty,” said Urshu, wringing his hands unctuously.
The King cleared his throat and began to read:
“How manifold are your works,
They are hidden from before us.
O Sole God, whose powers no other possesses.
You created the earth according to your heart
While you were alone. Man, all cattle, large and small.
All that are upon the earth, that go about on their feet.
All that are on high, that fly with their wings.” He paused and looked around. “What do you think?”
“That was beautiful, your Majesty. A truly inspired piece of work,” gushed Urshu.
“Excellent,” said Dennu, not to be outdone in his praise. “A wonderful poem.”
“What do you think, girl?” said Ikhnaton, looking at Kiya.
“What about snakes?” said Kiya. “They have neither feet nor wings. You should include them in your poem if you want to describe all that are upon the earth.” She heard Dennu give a groan beside her but Ikhnaton wasn’t annoyed.
“You are right,” he said. “I must include crawl upon their bellies somewhere. Would you like to hear it from the beginning?”
“I would love to,” said Kiya. “But I must be getting home.”
“Oh,” Ikhnaton looked disappointed then he shrugged. “Perhaps it’s just as well. I have to go over the plans with Dennu to ensure they are ready for the Queen’s inspection.”
“I am sorry, I will not be able to see you home,” said Dennu. “Urshu will escort you.”
“There’s no need,” protested Kiya.
“Nonsense. I must make sure you get back safely.” He summoned Urshu. “Please take Kiya home to the barracks, she will show you which house.”
“Yes, my Lord,” said Urshu.
Kiya had no option but to follow the erstwhile head of her household out of the tent. Urshu paused to wait for Kiya, then seized her by the elbow, his bony fingers pressing into her flesh.
“Do not bother, Urshu. I can walk home by myself,” said Kiya, trying to pull away from him.
He tightened his grip. “I would not dream of deserting you, Highness,” he said. “I have my orders.”
Highness? thought Kiya. Gone was all pretence of him not recognising her. “I assumed you must know who I am,” she said. “Why did you not acknowledge me when we were in Dennu’s tent?”
“For the same reason you pretended not to know me,” he said as they skirted around a pile of bricks. “You and I share a murky past.”
“Does Dennu know you worked at the Ipet-Isut Temple?” asked Kiya. They were following the path the King had taken and petals were scattered on the ground. They no longer looked beautiful but like brightly coloured litter among the rubble.
“I have told him as much as was necessary. My master is very curious.” He gave her a sharp look. “He mentions the girl Eopei. It troubles him that she has disappeared.” Kiya tried to remain expressionless but felt her cheeks grow warm and knew she was betrayed by a blush. “Do you remember the girl, Highness? She was the one you selected for sacrifice and drugged her wine so she was forced to meet Anubis.”
“Have you told Dennu?”
“Not yet.”
“I tried to save her but she would not listen to me.”
She heard him take a sharp breath. “I suspected as much. You are a traitor as well as a murderess. I was in two minds whether to execute you when you spoke with the girl privately in your rooms.”
Kiya was aghast that he so casually admitted his murderous intentions. “By whose authority would you have done such a thing?” she demanded.
“By the authority of the temple elders. You are a fool if you thought the High Priestess had power. She was just a figurehead. A jumped-up dancing girl whose function was to keep Anubis happy.” He sneered his contempt. “Little better than a prostitute.”
“How dare you!” Kiya wrenched her arm away from him.
“Does my Lord Dennu know that you slept with Anubis?”
“That is none of your business.” Kiya hitched up her shift to jump across a shallow trench and a nearby workman gave a low whistle.
Urshu leapt the trench. “I have a knife in my belt,” he said as he caught up with her. “If you try to escape I will run it through you.”
“And risk arrest? You heard what happened to the last people who tried to kill me? They had their throats cut.”
“I heard,” he said. “You are fortunate in your contacts. I believe your uncle was the executioner.”
“Yes, and he will come after you if anything happens to me.”
“I think not.” He reached under his belt and pulled out the hilt of a knife. The blade attached to it was as thin as a needle. “This can pierce your heart without leaving a noticeable mark.”
Kiya felt more afraid than ever. “Are you going to kill me?” she asked. They were passing the newly-built sacristy and there were few people around.
He slid the knife back into its hiding place. “Not yet. It depends how useful you are to me.”
“What do you want? Money?”
He looked at her sharply. “Why are you offering me money? Have you got some? I assumed you were poor.”
Kiya thought quickly and removed the armlet from her arm. “I was going to offer you this.”
Urshu frowned. “Put it back on, you stupid girl. I wish you would take more care of it. It means a lot to my master that you wear it. The foolish man is in love with you. How little he must know about your past.”
“And you are threatening to tell him?”
“If you fail to co-operate.”
“Blackmailer!”
“Traitorous whore!”
They glared at each other. Kiya remembered the knife and tried to smile. “Enough of insults,” she said. “Now we understand each other, tell me what you want.”
“I want you to use your influence with Dennu to offer me preferment. I wish to become a priest of the Aten.”
“Do you believe that Neter should be worshipped as the one true god?”
Urshu stared at her. “What has that got to do with it? I believe in power and privilege - is that not enough?”
“For you, perhaps,” Kiya said. “I will try, but what happens if I fail to succeed?”
“What do you think?” he said and stoked his hidden knife with a gesture that was almost sensuous.
“I will do my best,” she said. “Promise me not to hurt Dennu.”
“Why should I hurt Dennu?” He raised his eyebrows. “That young man is going far. He is already a favourite of the King. He will go to the top and I intend to grab hold and go up with him – as do you.”
“Me?” Kiya was outraged at the accusation. “I have no such plans.”
Urshu gave a snort of derision. “Then why have dinner with him? Why flirt with him? Your seductive ways won you the position of High Priestess. Why stop now?”
Kiya was angry but she refused to argue with the man. They continued in silence until they reached the barracks. “I can find my own way home now. There is no need to escort me.”
He bowed. “As you wish, Highness.”
She hurried to the fourth square of the barracks and reached Laylos’s house. At least he does not know where I am staying she thought but, as she opened the door, she turned and saw Urshu watching her from the shadows. Although the afternoon sun was hot she felt a chill. The man was like a poisonous spider and she was trapped in his web.

Chapter Fifty Two: Retrieving Enno
“How did you enjoy your meal?” asked Laylos as Kiya entered the house.
“It was lovely. But we must leave Akhetaten as soon as possible.”
“Why? Whatever has the poor man done?” exclaimed Laylos.
“It has nothing to do with Dennu, it’s that manservant of his. Do you remember me telling you about the head of my household when I was High Priestess in Thebes?”
“The one you disliked?”
“That’s the one. He is working for Dennu now. He threatens to tell him about Eopei if I fail to use my influence to get him preferment.”
Laylos lifted her eyebrows in puzzlement. “Why should that trouble you? Surely you tried to save your friend?”
Kiya hesitated, there were aspects to Eopei’s death that not even her aunt should know. “Urshu will put a bad light on it,” she said. “There was a secret system of selection that he threatens to reveal.”
To Kiya’s relief, her aunt did not probe further. “Can you buy him off?” Laylos asked.
“I could try, but I do not trust him. He has a wicked-looking knife and I suspect that he enjoys using it.” Kiya looked around the room. “Where is Sabu?” she asked.
“He is still on the roof, guarding your shift.”
“Good. I’m not going anywhere without him in future.”
Kiya climbed the stairs and saw Sabu sitting by a dividing wall that offered a modicum of shade. He scrambled to his feet when he saw her.
“I’m glad you are safely back, Mistress.”
“I would have been safer with you by my side, Sabu,” she replied and gazed over the side of the roof at the empty square. “I think I might be spied upon. Look out for a dark, thin man with hooded eyes.”
Sabu joined her. “I see nobody,” he said.
“Neither do I. He must have gone. His name is Urshu and I don’t want him to know that I am leaving Akhetaten.”
“When do we go?”
“Soon, if fortune favours me.”
Kiya picked up her shift and carried it downstairs, followed by Sabu. Laylos was sitting mending a tunic.
“I’m hoping to leave tomorrow,” Kiya told her. “Will you be ready?”
“More than ready,” said Laylos. “I can’t wait to get away from this hovel.” She looked at Kiya quizzically. “Why the rush? That man must have really upset you.”
Kiya nodded. “He did. I’m going to take Sabu with me to rescue Enno from the donkey compound so we can make a quick getaway.”
“You’re not keeping that donkey here,” protested Laylos.
“It will only be for one night,” Kiya assured her, “and I promise to clear up any mess he might make.”
When Kiya and Sabu left the house, she saw that the square was no longer empty. A child squatted in the dust playing with knuckle bones. He looked up as they passed and Kiya said, “Hello.” But instead of returning the greeting he hurriedly looked away.
There was something about the intensity of his gaze that troubled Kiya and, when she glanced back, she saw that he had risen to his feet and was following them. She checked again later and glimpsed the same child duck into a doorway.
“I think we are being followed,” she said to Sabu. He reached towards his sword but she stopped him. “Our spy is a child, there’s nothing we can do.” She had no doubt that the spymaster was Urshu. What devilish cunning to employ children to do his dirty work.
When they reached the donkey compound, Kiya turned around to look for the boy but could see no sign of him.
“Which is your animal, Mistress?” asked Sabu.
Kiya stared at the donkeys, who stood quietly in a large fenced enclosure. Some of them munched hay, others drank from stone troughs. Which one was Enno? They all looked identical.
“Are you after my donkeys again?”
Kiya turned at the sound of the rough voice and saw the man from the boat walking towards them with a sack of grain over his back.
She felt intimidated by his angry look but was determined to get Enno back. “One of those animals is mine,” she said.
“You don’t look like the usual donkey thief,” said the man, his frown diminishing.
“I’m not. I just want the one that belongs to me. ”
The man turned to Sabu. “Be a good lad and open this gate.”
Sabu opened the gate of the enclosure and they both followed the man inside. Sabu shut the gate behind them, while Kiya watched the man pour the grain into an empty trough. The donkeys perked up when they saw their supper and milled around, pressing forwards to get to the trough.
“Which one is yours?” asked the man.
“Er- that one,” said Kiya, pointing to one whose ears looked vaguely familiar.
“No, that one’s Nakht.”
“Why not call your donkey to come to you?” suggested Sabu.
Kiya cupped her hands to her mouth and shouted, “Enno!”
At the far end of the enclosure a donkey lifted its head and turned to look at her.
“Enno!” she called again.
The donkey came galloping towards them and skidded to a halt, nearly bumping into her in its eagerness.
“Oh, that one,” said the man. “You’re welcome to take that one. He’s done nothing but sulk since he got here.”
“Poor Enno,” said Kiya and stroked his nose. He whinnied and pressed his head against her and she kissed him, breathing in his familiar donkey smell. When the greetings were over, Sabu put the rope halter around Enno’s neck, then they thanked the man and led the donkey from the field.
They were walking Enno home when a familiar figure blocked their path. Kiya’s heart sank when she recognised Urshu.
“I was told that you were heading for the donkey compound,” he said. “I hope you are not thinking of leaving us, Kiya.”
“No, of course not,” said Kiya. “We are just giving Enno a bit of exercise.”
“That’s good,” nodded Urshu. “We have an agreement, Kiya. One might almost say a blood contract. You cannot escape from it.”
“I suppose you are using children as spies,” said Kiya.
Urshu smiled. “What better agents than children? They are eager, tireless and work for a pittance.”
“You are an evil man,” said Kiya.
“Tut, tut,” said Urshu in mock reproach. “Is that the way to speak to an old colleague? To one who shares such an interesting history?”
“Let us through!” Kiya, urged the donkey forwards and Urshu stood to one side.
“If you leave Akhetaten, I shall follow,” he said. “And this time you will suffer a traitor’s fate.”
They hurried away. “Should I have challenged him?” said Sabu, when they were out of earshot.
“No,” said Kiya. “There would be no point. Urshu is not one for a fight. His killing is done secretly and under cover of darkness. Just stay close to me, Sabu.”
“I will die rather than let harm come to you, Mistress.”
They were comforting words, but Kiya shivered at the thought of that slender star-metal blade sliding into her heart.
Huy was at home when they returned with the donkey. “Hello Enno,” he said. The donkey snickered and butted its head against Huy’s stomach, inviting him to rub its ears. Huy obeyed and caressed the animal while he talked to Kiya. “Your aunt says you will need to make a quick getaway. That should be no problem for me. I have arranged a month’s leave, possible more, so I can make a report on the situation in the delta.”
“Thank you, Huy,” said Kiya. “Before we go I have to find the body of Osiris and discover the scent of his ka. I shall go to the sacristy first thing tomorrow morning.”
“I cannot imagine a more dangerous mission,” said Huy. “Nefertiti will have you killed if you are discovered in her private sanctum.”
“You must take Huy and Sabu with you,” insisted Laylos.
“With pleasure,” said Kiya. “If they are willing to come. I am going to need all the help I can get.”
“The door to Nefertiti’s private sanctum is sure to be locked,” said Laylos.
“I will have to find the key,” said Kiya.
“You had better be prepared.” Laylos searched in the storage chest and held up the small knife she used to gather herbs. “This is excellent for picking locks.”
“Really?” Huy stared at her. “Is there no end to your talents, my love? How many locks have you picked?”
“A medicine woman has to be prepared for any eventuality,” said Laylos with dignity. Then she let out a yell of pain. “Ow! That clumsy donkey has trodden on my toe. There’s not enough room down here for all of us and that great lumbering animal. I’m going to bed.”
“I think we should all go to bed,” said Huy. “We will have a busy day tomorrow.”

Chapter Fifty Three: Nefertiti
Kiya left the house the next morning accompanied by Huy and Sabu. She saw a small boy playing with a toy cart in the square and looked at him suspiciously – was he another of Urshu’s spies? He took no notice of her and she feared she was becoming paranoid but when she looked round, she saw that he was following.
They approached the sacristy and Kiya looked for the child again. He drew back into a doorway but not before Kiya had recognised him.
“We have been followed,” she hissed to Huy. “Urshu will know we have come here.”
“Then you must hurry and finish your mission before he catches up with you,” said Huy.
A bored-looking guard slouched at the entrance to the sacristy. He straightened up when he saw them coming. “What is your business?” he demanded.
“This girl is a new maid for the Queen,” said Huy.
“Why does she need an armed escort?” said the guard.
“We are just making sure she gets here safely,” said Huy. “What is your name, soldier?”
“Why?”
“Because I intend to report you for slovenly behaviour. Temple guards come under the jurisdiction of the army and you have failed to salute a superior officer.”
“I’m sorry, sir.” The guard saluted smartly.
“That’s better,” said Huy. “There has been rumours of trouble. I am posting an extra man.” He indicated to Sabu to stand by the door.
“What sort of trouble?” asked the guard.
Huy frowned at him. “Are you asking for classified information?”
“No, sir.” The guard looked deflated and made no protest when Sabu took up position next to him.
Kiya entered the palace. The entrance hall was plainly plastered. Soon, no doubt, it would be carved and painted as befitted a building that was part of the temple complex. There were four doors. From the one on the right came the clatter of crockery. Kiya looked at the others. One must lead to the audience chamber and the others to the King and Queen’s private quarters. She remembered the map she had seen in Dennu’s tent and hurried to the far left door.
The door creaked as Kiya pushed it open to reveal Nefertiti’s changing room. The Queen stood surrounded by maids, who were dressing her in ceremonial robes. She spun round at the sound of the door and glared at Kiya.
“How dare you enter my private room!”
“I’m your new maid, your Majesty,” said Kiya, sinking down into a curtsy.
“What do I need a new maid for? I have got too many as it is. Useless creatures.”
“The King wished to honour the Aten for the miracle of my escape from death,” Kiya said.
Nefertiti’s eyes narrowed. “I remember. You are the girl in the temple. I’m not sure how you did it but you don’t fool me. Miracle indeed! My husband is too incredulous for his own good. Ow! you stupid fool!” Nefertiti was distracted by a maid who had pricked her with a wig pin. She lashed out and sent the unfortunate girl sprawling across the floor. The Queen turned her attention back to Kiya. “If you’re so anxious to work in the sacristy, you can scrub pots in the kitchen. See how you like that!”
Kiya curtsied again and left the room. Her mind was racing. She had seen the door to the inner sanctuary where Osiris’s body lay. It looked solid and had a large lock, which resembled two Ostrich feathers, spaced two fingers-width apart with a slot between them. How was she going to get near the door and, more importantly, how was she going to find the key that fitted the lock?
She entered the kitchen and saw Tarset chopping vegetables at the central table. A fat woman stood beside one of the fire pits turning a spit on which two ducks were roasting.
“Hello Kiya, what are you doing here?” said Tarset.
“I was to have been one of Nefertiti’s maids but she has sent me to the kitchen to scrub pots,” said Kiya.
“She has taken a dislike to you,” said the fat cook. “I would be gone while the going is good.”
“I think I had better stay,” said Kiya. “I am here on the King’s orders.”
“More fool you,” said the cook and turned back to her spit.
“I’ll help you with the pots, Kiya,” said Tarset. She led Kiya to a trough that was piled with dirty pans and dishes. “Water is heating on the stove and in this pot is a mixture of goat’s fat and ashes to get the pots clean.”
With Tarset’s assistance and masses of frothy water, the pile of pans slowly reduced. Kiya was anxious at the passing of precious time but, at last, the work was done.
“Many thanks for your help,” Kiya said to Tarset. “I had better get back to Nefertiti,”
“Are you mad?” said the cook.
Probably, thought Kiya. She opened the kitchen door and saw two people in the entrance hall. One was Dennu, carrying a rolled papyrus sheet. He went through to the audience chamber without looking to left or right. The other was Urshu. His sharp eyes were peering around and Kiya ducked back into the kitchen, hoping he hadn’t seen her.
“Is anything wrong, Kiya?” asked Tarset.
Kiya put her finger to her lips, trying to hush her. “I’m fine,” she said in a low voice. “I just want to wait until the coast is clear.”
“Such goings on,” tutted the cook.
A few moments later Kiya peered into the entrance hall again. It was empty and she hurried to Nefertiti’s room. She pushed open the door with trepidation and was relieved to find the room deserted. Where was the key to the inner sanctum? There was a small door at the back of the room, half hidden by a curtain. That must be the entrance to the servants’ quarters. She hoped the maids would remain there while she searched the room.
The key was not among the ceremonial clothes hanging on stands around the room. Nor was it on the table that contained a profusion of wigs, scent bottles and make-up. Kiya gave up the search and pulled Laylos’s knife out of her belt. It was time to try to pick the lock. The blade slipped easily into the slot between the two ornamental ostrich feathers but wriggle it as she might, the lock wouldn’t open. She was taking a last look around the room when the door opened and Nefertiti stood staring at her. Kiya sank into a low curtsy.
“What are you doing here?” demanded the Queen.
“I have finished the pots and have come back for more instructions,” said Kiya.
“Really? Well your instructions are that you are fired. I never want to see you again,” snarled Nefertiti.
Kiya bowed her head submissively. “Yes, your Majesty.”
“Before you go, you can help me get this collar off,” said the Queen. She sat at the dressing table and preened herself in the mirror while Kiya undid the fastening of the gold neckpiece. “I cannot think why I am expected to take an interest in the palace. Every time I bend over the plans, this stupid collar nearly breaks my neck.”
“You have a very slender neck, your Majesty.” Kiya said as she removed the heavy jewellery and stared at the reflection of a triangular pendant the Queen wore beneath. With a tingle of excitement, Kiya realised that it might be the key she had been searching for. She reached down into her belt and felt the herb knife. It was sharp enough to cut the thin gold chain that held the pendant, but how could she distract the Queen?
“Yes, I have,” agreed the Queen. “A very slender...”
Her sentence was cut short as Kiya dislodged her wig with a clumsy movement, causing it to fall over her eyes.
Shrieking curses, Nefertiti pushed the wig back into position and as she did so, Kiya used the knife to slice cleanly through the thin gold chain so the pendant dropped to the floor. She then curtsied low and managed to hide the fallen pendant from view as the Queen rose to her feet and showered blows and insults upon her.
“You stupid, clumsy, oafish fool. You should be punished for such insolence. I never want to see you again!” With an angry swirl of her robes the Queen left the room.
Kiya waited a few seconds to make sure she wouldn’t return, then she hurried to the door of the sanctum. It was now or never.

Chapter Fifty Four: The Scent of Osiris
Kiya stood staring at the pendant, wondering how it could be fitted into the lock. She turned it over and saw a catch at the back. Please let this be it, she thought and prised it open so it stood at right angles, like the shaft of a key. She tried to slide it into the slit of the lock but there was a hidden obstacle that stopped the shaft half way. Kiya’s heart sank - there was so little time! She pushed hard and the obstacle moved to one side, with a barely audible click, allowing the shaft to penetrate completely. The triangle fitted exactly between the two feathers of the lock, replicating Osiris’s famous Atef crown. Kiya pushed at the door and it opened. Her heart beating wildly, she stepped inside the inner sanctum. It was a small, windowless room and she had to leave the door open to allow enough light to penetrate.
An elaborately-carved chest, the size of a coffin, took up most of the space. The lid represented the god Osiris, his lower portions were wrapped in bandages so they resembled those of a mummy, his arms were crossed over his naked torso and he held the symbols of his agricultural heritage – a crook and a flail.
With straining muscles, Kiya pushed the heavy lid to one side and put her nose to the small opening she had created. She was half dreading the scent of decay and was relieved to smell the sweet aroma of cinnamon. The body of Osiris was still fresh and now she knew what his ka smelt like.
“What in Thoth’s name are you doing here?” The harsh voice made Kiya’s stomach lurch. She looked up. Instead of the dreaded Queen, she saw Urshu standing in the doorway. His face was in shadow but she could hear the astonishment in his voice.
“Nothing,” she said and tried to push the lid of the chest back without him noticing.
He came into the room. “Are you stealing from the Queen? By Horus, girl, is there nothing you would stop at?”
“Shush!” said Kiya. “Please be quiet. I will give you money.”
“Too late,” Urshu said. He came into the room, grabbed her by the arm and hauled her to her feet. “I will get a greater reward by catching you as a thief than anything you can do for me.”
Kiya was struggling to get away from him when a shadow fell across them and Kiya saw Nefertiti standing in the doorway, her eyes glowing like twin coals in the darkness of her face.
“Your Majesty I have apprehended this girl trying to steal from you.” Urshu tried to drag Kiya towards the Queen. The glowing eyes turned orange as their heat increased. “She was once a High Priestess of the false god Anubis and is guilty of many sins.” Urshu was pulling upon Kiya’s arm but she had grabbed the coffin and refused to be moved.
The Queen’s eyes were fixed upon Kiya as they turned white and Kiya knew that her final moments were near.
“No!” she cried in fear.
“Yes,” said Urshu, who seemed oblivious to the terrifying eyes of the goddess. He released Kiya and hurried towards Nefertiti. “I demand you punish this girl for her wickedness!”
The goddess glanced at him and at that moment her eyes released their death rays. Two beams hit Urshu full in the chest. For a moment he was too amazed to react and then he started to scream. The hideous sound filled the air, making it jangle with the intensity of his pain. The smell of burnt clothing and frying flesh assailed Kiya’s nostrils as she stood transfixed by the sight of Urshu’s agony.
The beams travelled up his writhing body to his head and there they lingered until the screaming stopped. Urshu’s body crashed to the ground and still the goddess fixed him with her gaze. Greasy black smoke coiled around the room as the last vestiges of Urshu’s corpse succumbed to the heat of the death beams. For a moment his skeleton appeared, surmounted by a grinning skull then it crumbled into cinders. Kiya stared, with horrified awe as the knife that had been hidden in Urshu’s belt glowed red then white and then melted into a puddle of metal within the mountain of ash that was the remnants of the man’s body.
Kiya dived behind the chest, expecting to be the next victim, but there was the sound of shouting and running footsteps.
“Your Majesty, are you hurt?” It was Sabu’s voice. Kiya raised her head over the top of the chest and saw Nefertiti hesitate. The palace guard ran up to join Sabu and behind them Kiya could see maids rushing into the changing room. There were too many witnesses for the goddess to use her death rays so Kiya stood up from her hiding place.
“Arrest that girl!” Nefertiti screamed, pointing a trembling finger at Kiya. Sabu rushed to Kiya, kicking aside a swirling maelstrom of ash. He took her arm and started to pull her towards the door.
“What has happened here?” The palace guard, stood unmoving at the door and stared into the room. “Why all the smoke? Has someone been lighting a fire?”
“Get her out!” screamed Nefertiti in a paroxysm of fury. The palace guard hastily ran forward and took hold of Kiya’s other arm and marched her from the room. As they passed Nefertiti she snarled at Kiya and said, “You will wish for death by the time I have finished with you.”
Kiya heard the maids twittering like starlings, their voices high with excitement.
“It’s the new girl!”
“She has been in the secret room!”
“Did nobody tell her?”
“She is for it!”
Sabu was pulling at her, anxious to get her out of the building.
“What is the rush? Do we have to go so fast?” complained the other guard who was struggling to keep up with them.
Down the entrance hall they sped and Kiya was aware of open doors and astonished faces. Tarset and the cook stared at her from the kitchen. Dennu and Ikhnaton were at the door of the audience chamber. She glanced sideways and saw Dennu’s amazed expression, his brows raised and his mouth open. For a moment their eyes locked and then she was dragged on.
Huy was at the entrance. “I’ll take over from here,” he said. “One of you come with me, the other stay and guard the palace.” He appeared to deliberate for a second and then pointed to the guard. “You stay on duty here.”
“But...” The guard was about to protest and Huy quelled him with a frown.
“You have your orders, soldier.”
“Yes, sir.” The soldier released Kiya, saluted smartly and took his position beside the entrance.
Huy took hold of Kiya’s arm and he and Sabu marched her away.
“It is time leave town and fast,” said Huy. “Let us hope that Laylos has finished loading the donkey.”
They headed for the barracks at almost a run, arousing much curiosity as they passed.

Chapter Fifty Five: Escape
When they arrived home, Laylos greeted them with relief. “Thank the gods you have returned safely, Kiya,” she said. “I have been so worried.”
Kiya had to struggle to regain her breath before she could reassure her aunt. “I am fine,” she said, “and I managed to discover the scent of Osiris. But the Queen is after me and we must leave at once.” She glanced at Enno, who was standing beside Laylos, his head bowed and his body festooned with packages. “I see you have finished the packing.”
“Only just. With you it is always a rush,” complained her aunt.
“And with good reason,” said Huy. “The moment she finds Kiya is missing the Queen will send horsemen to cut off her escape.”
“Where can we go? We cannot outrun them,” said Laylos, her eyes wide with dismay.
“We will hide in the eastern mountains until the hunt dies down,” said Huy. “Then we will go to Wadi el-Nakhla. There is a quay there that services the limestone quarries in the Tuma hills. With luck we will be able to board a ship to Gesem.”
“How long will we have to hide?” said Laylos. “I have packed very little food and only one barrel of beer.”
“It should not be for long,” said Huy. “The Queen may have mercurial moods but she is intelligent enough to realise that if Kiya was captured and brought back to Akhetaten, there would be questions to answer.”
Huy grabbed Enno’s rope and led the donkey out of the house. Kiya followed and briefly looked around the square for possible spies before remembering that Urshu would trouble them no more. She shivered at the memory of his fate.
“Are you unwell, Kiya?” asked Laylos who was following her.
“No, but I have seen something that will give me nightmares for the rest of my life.”
Huy walked swiftly along a narrow track that ran between the back of the barracks and the wall of the cliff. Kiya struggled to keep up with him and there was no further talk. The track followed the base of the cliff as it curved away from Akhetaten and joined a road which ran parallel to the river.
Kiya glanced back down the road half expecting to see the Queen’s guards but, apart from an ox wagon laden with stones and a couple of labourers, the road was deserted. A Bedouin boy tended a small herd of goats, which grazed on the thorny bushes of the scrub. They must have come down from the escarpment, thought Kiya. She scanned the cliff face and saw a shadowy zigzag, barely visible in the strong morning light.
“Look, there is a path,” she cried.
“Well done,” said Huy. “The sooner we leave this road the better.” He led Enno to the base of the path, which was half hidden behind an acacia bush. It was narrow and steep and Enno needed much urging, especially round the bends. When they neared the top Kiya looked down There was no sign of pursuit and she thanked Horus that they had had managed to evade capture.
“I’m exhausted,” gasped Laylos, when they reached the summit.
“We cannot stop here on the skyline,” said Huy and he led them down into a valley. There they sat under the shade of a thorn tree and drank from the beer barrel strapped to Enno’s back.
A second barrel contained water for the donkey, which he lapped from a bowl.
“Now we have time to talk - what happened in that room?” Sabu asked Kiya. “I heard screaming so I rushed in to rescue you.”
“You came just in time,” said Kiya and described how Isis had destroyed Urshu with the power of her eyes.
Laylos gave a shriek of horror and Sabu groaned. “You mean that ash in the room had been a man? I think I breathed some in!” He coughed as if trying to clear the cadaverous residue from his lungs.
“Yet again I have to thank you for saving me, Sabu,” said Kiya “That is three times now. Once from the thieves at the inn, once from the same thieves when they attacked us at Akhetaten and now from Nefertiti.”
Sabu grinned. “Being your bodyguard is certainly an exciting job.”
“As is being her uncle,” said Huy. “All the excitement has made me hungry. Is there any food among those packages, my darling?”
“Eat sparingly,” Laylos said as she unpacked bread, dates and dried beef. “I managed to beg these few scraps from the communal kitchen.” She looked around at the barren landscape and sighed. “We will be lucky if we do not starve in these hills.” She handed the food round and Kiya found that she had an appetite, despite the horrors she had witnessed.
After lunch, Huy insisted they go further into the mountains.
“When our pursuers fail to find us on the road they may well check the side trails. Make sure you leave no trace that we have been here.”
By late afternoon they had traversed several of the small valleys that lay in the mountain range and Kiya was feeling depressed. She had hoped they might discover a more hospitable place, but each valley was as dry and desolate as the next.
“We will never find our way back,” grumbled Laylos. She stopped and looked around. “This seems a nice spot for us to spend the night.”
“I agree,” said Kiya, for it was as good as any other.
“Very well,” said Huy. “We will stop here, beside this pile of stones.”
“I had hoped never to have to spend a night in the open again,” complained Laylos as Kiya helped her unpack bedding and lay it on the ground. They handed round the last of the food.
“There will be nothing for breakfast tomorrow,” said Laylos. “How I wish there were food shops in Akhetaten. I am sure it is very generous of the King to feed us all but the sooner life returns to normal the better.”
That night Kiya had a dream. She was drifting down a river, floating on her back and gazing up at the blossom trees that bloomed white against an azure sky. One of the branches drooped down and brushed her face. She woke with a start. Something was tickling her cheek.
“Hold still!” Sabu’s voice was soft and urgent. His hand came out of the darkness and swiped away the creature that had been crawling across her skin. “Ouch!” She heard him cry out in pain.
Kiya sat up. Dawn was breaking, tingeing the sky pink against the swell of the mountains. She could see Sabu staring down at the insect he had killed.
“It’s a scorpion,” he said. “I saw it crawl across your face. Its tail was raised to strike so I flipped it away.”
“Did it sting you?” she said.
He held up his hand. “Yes. I was not quick enough.”
She grabbed his hand and stared at it. There was a puncture wound at the base of his thumb and the surrounding skin was discoloured.
“What’s going on?” Laylos sat up and blinked at them with bleary eyes.
“Sabu has been stung by a scorpion,” said Kiya.
“Where is it?” Laylos looked at the corpse and frowned. “A fat-tailed scorpion - one of the most venomous. Oh dear!” she forced a smile and turned to Sabu. “Don’t worry, my boy, you will be fine.”
“Perhaps we should try to suck the poison out,” suggested Kiya. She put Sabu’s hand to her lips and sucked. It just tasted sweaty and she knew she had failed to remove any venom.
“Stop worrying. Go back to sleep. I will be all right.” But he wasn’t. By the time Huy woke up, Sabu was sweating profusely and had difficulty breathing.
“We must get help!” Laylos cried.
Kiya looked around the empty landscape then stared at the unfortunate victim as he lay trembling on his blanket. Where could they get help? Enno pushed past her and sniffed at Sabu.
“Get that donkey away before it treads on him!” shouted Laylos. Enno gave her a mournful look and then turned and trotted off. “Came back here you no-good donkey!” Laylos yelled. Enno took no notice of her and hurried over the ridge and out of sight.
“You must have upset him,” said Kiya. She jumped to her feet, torn between caring for Sabu and finding the donkey.
“Trust that donkey to desert us at the first sign of trouble,” said Laylos. “Stop fussing about Enno and help me cool the boy down. We must try to reduce his temperature.”
Kiya filled a bowl of water from the barrel, while Laylos unpacked two towels. They came back to find that Huy had removed Sabu’s tunic so he lay just in a loin cloth. Gently they wiped cold water over his heated torso.
“He must drink something,” said Laylos, “He could dehydrate with such a fever.”
Huy sat Sabu up while Laylos fetched a goblet of beer. She trickled beer down his throat. He had difficulty swallowing and choked, his body wracked with coughing.
“Hang on Sabu,” said Kiya.
He opened his eyes and tried to reply but his words were slurred and his eyes soon glazed over.
Oh no, thought Kiya, he is going to die! She felt tears prickle in her eyes and she brushed them away. How could a life so full of promise end like this? How could she ever forgive herself for putting him in such danger. She placed a hand upon his heated forehead and felt as if her heart would break.

Chapter Fifty Six: The Bedouin Camp
There was a whinnying noise. Kiya looked up to see Enno returning, followed by a man in Bedouin clothing.
“Your donkey has led me here,” said the man. “Can I offer you hospitality?” He saw Kiya’s distress then looked at Sabu and frowned. “This man is sick.”
“He has been bitten by a scorpion,” said Huy.
“We must get him back to my camp,” said the man. “My name is Djar Badawi and I would be honoured if you will be my guests.”
Huy introduced the others and he and Djar Badawi lifted the blanket upon which Sabu lay. They carried it back the way the man had come and Kiya followed with Laylos.
“Did you sleep beside the marker stones?” asked Djar Badawi.
“Is that what they are?” said Huy.
“Yes. They mark the edge of the tribal territory. Scorpions are encouraged to live among the stones so nobody will move them.”
“It was a foolish place to sleep, then,” said Huy and Djar Badawi nodded his agreement.
They reached a neighbouring valley and Kiya looked down at the low-lying tents of a Bedouin camp. Clever Enno, she thought. His sharp ears must have heard the sound of people so he knew where to go for help. She stroked the donkey and he held his head high, looking pleased with himself.
As the little group approached the camp, two women emerged from the darkness of one of the tents. Djar Badawi introduced them. “This is my wife Wadha Zayed and my daughter Nadia Djar.”
Huy bowed and said, “This is my wife Laylos and my niece Kiya. Our friend, Sabu, has been bitten by a scorpion and we crave your help.”
Sabu’s blanket was lowered to the sand. He lay unconscious, his skin as white as the linen of his loin cloth. His body was suddenly wracked with tremors and Wadha Zayed hurried forwards. “Poor man,” she cried. “Let us hope we can save him. Take him into our tent.”
Huy and Djar Badawi picked up the blanket, carried Sabu into the women’s tent and laid him on a goatskin-covered ledge. Kiya followed with Laylos.
“Do your best for him,” said Djar Badawi. “I will take our guest, Huy, into my tent for refreshment.” He put his arm around Huy’s shoulders and led him away.
“Oh great,” grumbled Laylos as Kiya watched them leave. “The men go off and enjoy themselves, leaving us to do all the work.”
“What can they do?” said Wadha Zayed with a shrug. “Healing the sick is women’s work. Men are only good for herding goats and talking politics.” Laylos laughed.
“Sabu is very ill,” said the girl, who had been introduced as Nadia Djar. Kiya looked at her more closely. She was a pretty girl, dark haired, fair skinned and with eyes that slanted upwards at the corners. Probably in her mid teens, thought Kiya. She was certainly showing a sweet concern about Sabu and had brought the older women’s attention back to his plight.
“Have you kept up his liquid levels?” asked Wadha Zayed.
“We have tried to make him drink beer but with little success,” said Laylos.
“Beer? No, that is no good, he must have herbal tea. Go and fetch boiling water, Nadia. I’ll prepare the herbs.”
“What herbs will you use?” asked Laylos.
“Euphorbia and oleander,” said Wadha Zayed. “We must purify the blood and regulate his temperature.” She took the dried herbs from a box and put them in a cup. Nadia Djar hurried back with a brass kettle and poured boiling water onto the mixture. “We will give it time to infuse,” said Wadha Zayed. “Find me one of those gourds, Nadia.”
The girl obediently searched through the box and produced a small, green gourd. Wadha Zayed cut it in half and white sap oozed out. “Where was the boy stung?” she asked. Kiya held up his hand and indicated the red, swollen spot at the base of his thumb. “A bad place,” said Wadha. She rubbed the sap over the wound. “Nerves go from here to the heart. No wonder the boy is so ill.”
“I have never seen these gourds before,” said Laylos.
“They grow in the desert,” said Wadha Zayed, “They are not edible, but they take the swelling and pain away from scorpion stings.”
“I am interested in medicine,” said Laylos. “I would love to learn more about the herbs you use.”
“I will teach you with pleasure,” said Wadha Zayed and the two women smiled at each other. They had formed an instant friendship, thought Kiya and marvelled that her aunt had found a twin soul in a Bedouin camp.
“Is the herbal tea ready yet?” asked Nadia Djar.
“Yes, it should be,” said Wadha Zayed. “You hold his head up, Nadia, and I will try to make him drink.”
Nadia Djar positioned herself behind Sabu, raised his head and placed it on her lap. Her mother tilted the cup so the tea ran into Sabu’s mouth. He spluttered for a moment and then he drank, his throat moving convulsively as swallowed the liquid.
“He must have been thirsty,” said Kiya. “He has been sweating a lot.”
Wadha Zayed felt his forehead. “He is still warm. Wipe him down with cold water and make sure he drinks plenty of herbal tea. I am going to take Laylos to my tent for refreshments. We have much to talk about.”
The two women left the tent. Kiya felt nervous that responsibility for Sabu’s recovery now rested on her and Nadia Djar, but the girl seemed capable. She took herbs from the box and put them in the cup then she picked up the kettle and left the tent. Kiya stared at Sabu. He looked a better colour, or was it her imagination? The tent was so dark that it was difficult to tell.
Nadia Djar came back with a bowl of water and the kettle. She gave the bowl to Kiya and poured boiling water from the kettle into the cup. “We must cool Sabu down while the tea infuses,” she said. She found a piece of linen at the back of the tent and dipped it in the water. Gently she stroked the cloth across his forehead. “He is very handsome,” she sighed.
Sabu opened his eyes and tried to smile, but his mouth contorted and a dribble of saliva ran out.
“He does not usually do that,” Kiya assured her.
Nadia Djar dabbed the wet cloth across Sabu’s chest. “He has beautiful skin,” she said. “Is he your man?”
“In one sense,” said Kiya. “I employ him as a bodyguard.”
“You do not have a relationship with him?”
“No,” said Kiya for it had never occurred to her to think of Sabu in such a way.
“If you raise his head,” said Nadia Djar, “I will try to help him drink more tea.”
So Kiya rested Sabu’s head on her lap and Nadia Djar lifted the cup to his lips. This time he swallowed more easily and opened his eyes.
He stared at the girl as she bent over him making sure that no liquid was spilled. When she took the cup away he said, “Thank you. Who are you?”
“I am Nadia Djar, daughter of Djar Badawi. You are our guest.”
“You are lovely,” he said and closed his eyes.
Kiya looked at Nadia Djar and saw that she smiled and blushed. The two youngsters were falling for each other, she realised. Sometimes love was a thunderbolt - it came suddenly and with little warning. Sometimes it grew slowly like a flower. Kiya felt a pang as she thought of Dennu.
Laylos and Wadha Zayed entered the tent. “How is Sabu doing?” asked Laylos.
“He woke for a moment but has gone back to sleep,” said Kiya.
Laylos felt his forehead and took his pulse. “He is recovering nicely,” she said. “Keep giving him herbal tea. Wadha and I are going down to the spring for more water.”
“They seem to be getting on well,” said Kiya as the two women left the tent.
“They have both grown powerful with age,” said Nadia Djar. “It is fortunate that they have become friends.” She rinsed out the cup and went for more boiling water.
Kiya looked around the tent. It was made from woven goats hair. One side of it was open so it seemed to Kiya as if she was sitting in a cave. It was pleasantly cool, despite the heat of the day, and the goatskin rugs on which she sat were comfortable.

Chapter Fifty Seven: Welcome News
Kiya was almost dozing off when Nadia Djar came back with boiling water and a coffee pot. The girl poured a cup of coffee and offered it to Kiya. “I have been remiss in my duties as a hostess,” she said.
Kiya thanked her and took a sip of the thick brown liquid. It was flavoured with cardamom and very pleasant. Nadia Djar poured herself another cup and the two of them sat and drank, while Sabu slept.
“Soon it will be time for the gathering of the tribes,” Nadia Djar said.
“Will they be coming here?” asked Kiya.
“No, we meet in the desert.” Nadia laughed. “For the first time I will be old enough to join the Dance of the Maidens. We sway our hips in the hopes of attracting a husband. It is every girl’s dream that she will be chosen.”
“Well, I hope you are lucky,” said Kiya. “Any man who chooses you will be fortunate.”
“I do not wish to be chosen,” said Nadia Djar with a pretty pout. “I wish to do my own choosing.”
Sabu opened his eyes. “I would choose you,” he said to Nadia Djar.
“Have you been listening to our conversation?” said Kiya. “You are a disgraceful man.”
Sabu grinned and sat up. “I am feeling much better.” He turned to Nadia Djar. “You are the one who has saved my life.” He seized her hand and kissed it. “I am yours to command.”
“In that case, I command you to drink another cup of herbal tea,” she said with a smile.
“Such cruelty,” he sighed, but he obediently drank from the cup she offered him. “Now I feel well enough to get up and look around,” he said. “Where are we?”
“We are in a Bedouin camp,” said Kiya. “Nadia and her family are very kindly looking after us.”
Sabu got to his feet and wobbled slightly. Kiya and Nadia Djar hurried to support him. He put his arm around Nadia Djar’s shoulders.
“Come,” she said. “I will take you to my favourite place, where we can sit and look at the desert.”
The three of them walked across the little valley and up the ridge on the other side. Kiya gasped with wonder. Below them the desert stretched away to the horizon. She could see no limit to the sea of sand.
“Isn’t it beautiful?” said Nadia Djar. She helped Sabu sit on a smooth rock and she and Kiya sat on either side.
“Over there is the nearest oasis,” said Nadia Djar, pointing into the distance. “We Bedouin know every oasis in the desert so we can go where we want.” She pointed in another direction. “Over there is a sea where the fishes smile and play with sailors in their boats.” Her pointing finger moved. “Over there are sacred mountains shaped like seated lions.”
“I would love to see such wonders,” said Sabu.
Kiya stared at the desert. No vegetation spoilt the line of the rolling dunes. There was no green or any other colour but the golden sand and blue sky. Nothing moved in that vast space, it was a world before man, before life itself, majestic in its simplicity. Kiya felt her soul expand. Always before her world had been full of movement and noise – birds singing, leaves rustling, the river burbling. Now the silence brought peace. One could think great thoughts here, contemplate the infinite and leave the distractions of the world behind.
“This is where I am meant to be,” said Sabu.
Kiya looked around and saw that he was holding Nadia Djar’s hand. Quietly she got to her feet and walked back to the camp.
Huy was with Djar Badawi, Nadia Djar was with Sabu and Laylos was with Wadha Zayed - everyone but Kiya had found a friend in the camp. She felt deserted by those she loved and decided there was nothing to do but retire to the tent for a rest.
She slept well, for when she was shaken awake by Laylos the sky beyond the opening of the tent was already tinged red by the setting sun.
“Wake up child, Djar Badawi has sent for us.”
They hurried to the men’s tent, where Huy and Djar Badawi were waiting with a young boy of disreputable appearance. Djar Badawi pushed the boy forwards. “Come, my son, tell our visitor what you discovered.”
The boy bowed and looked at Kiya with eager eyes. “Soldiers arrived at the port yesterday. They wanted information about a girl of great beauty and a young man who is her bodyguard. Nobody could tell them anything for you had not been seen. They stayed on guard until the evening when they left and marched back towards Akhetaten.”
“That is wonderful news,” said Kiya. “We can safely catch the ferry to Gesem.”
The boy shook his head. “Ferries no longer run from Wadi el-Nakhla. All the limestone is now taken by ox cart to the new city.”
Kiya’s heart sank. “What do we do now?” she asked Huy.
“We have no choice but to continue north,” he said.
Kiya nodded then turned to the boy, who was waiting expectantly. “You have done well. Thank you.” She reached in her waist purse for a copper ring and handed it to him.
“Thank you, my Lady.” He grinned happily and ran off, ducking past Wadha Zayed, who was carrying a loaded tray towards them.
“Ah, our evening meal,” said Djar Badawi, “Come Huy, we will dine in the men’s tent.” He took the tray from Wadha Zayed and ushered Huy into the tent.
“What about us?” complained Laylos.
“You will eat with the women and children,” said Wadha Zayed. “Follow me.” Kiya and Laylos followed her to where two women were seated beside a fire. “This is Ar-Dab Yuni and Alanood Tchay, they are married to my brothers, who are away tending goats in the far pastures.” The two women bowed and indicated that Laylos and Kiya should sit beside them. There was a large cooking pot suspended over the fire, Alanood Tchay got to her feet and spooned out bowls of stew, which she handed around.
“It tastes delicious,” Kiya said and she spoke the truth. The stew was flavoured with aromatic herbs and was rich and meaty. She finished her bowl with gusto.
“Would our guests like more?” asked Alanood Tchay.
Kiya was aware of the children sitting hungrily in the background. “No thank you,” she said. She turned to Laylos. “Your hunger has been satisfied also, Aunt, has it not?”
Laylos looked at Kiya and then beyond her to the children. “Yes, indeed. My congratulations, Alanood Tchay, this is the best stew I ever tasted.” She got to her feet. “It is growing dark. Come, Kiya, let us go to bed, we must make an early start tomorrow.”
The other women rose to their feet and bowed. “Good night, dear friends,” said Wadha Zayed. “Sleep well.”
“Good night,” said Kiya and smiled as she watched the children rush forwards to take their places around the stew pot.

Chapter Fifty Eight Lovers United
The next day Kiya and Laylos were eating breakfast when Huy joined them.
“Come with me, Kiya, I would like a word with you.” He looked solemn and Kiya felt apprehensive as she followed him out of the camp.
“Sabu wants to stay with the Bedouin,” he said.
Kiya felt a pang of disappointment but she nodded. “I expected such news. He has fallen in love with Nadia Djar.”
“Djar Badawi would welcome him into the tribe. The problem is that Sabu will not leave you. He says he is under an obligation to be your bodyguard until we return to Akhetaten.”
“Oh!” Kiya was both flattered and grateful to be shown such loyalty.
“You must release him from his duty,” said Huy.
“You are right,” she sighed, “but I will miss him. He has saved my life on more than one occasion.”
“And risked death to do so. He has his own life to lead, Kiya. He cannot sacrifice himself so you can lead yours.” Huy sounded stern and she knew that he sensed her reluctance to let her bodyguard go.
“Very well,” said Kiya.
“You must release him in a way that does not dishonour him, Kiya. A mere dismissal is not enough. Wait here and I will fetch him,” said Huy.
Kiya watched Huy march off towards the tents and felt annoyed. Her uncle was too ready to give orders. How was she meant to handle such a difficult task?
A few minutes later, Huy returned with an nervous-looking Sabu. “I will leave you two alone,” he said and walked away.
“I hear you want to stay with the Bedouins,” said Kiya. “Life in the desert can be hard.”
“I know, Mistress,” said Sabu and bowed his head. “I could not help myself, but I have fallen in love with Nadia Djar.”
“She is a lovely girl but very young. Does she know her mind in this matter?”
Sabu looked at her and she could see a flicker of passion in his eyes. “If I thought for one moment that I was taking advantage of her, I would hurl my heart into the jaws of Ammut. Nadia may be young but she is wise and more mature than any girl I have ever met. It’s not just my feelings for Nadia, Mistress. I have also fallen in love with the desert and the life of freedom that nomads enjoy.”
“Very well,” said Kiya. “You can stay with the tribe and my good wishes go with you.”
“I cannot leave you, Mistress,” Sabu said. “Many dangers lie ahead.”
“I have Huy to protect me,” said Kiya. “You have saved my life four times. Is that not enough for any bodyguard?”
Sabu shook his head. “I fear you will be in great danger, Mistress.”
Kiya had an idea. “I will need someone to look after Enno. We hope to be going by boat so it will be difficult to take him with us. I know it is a lot to ask, Sabu, but will you stay behind and look after him until our return?”
The look of relief on Sabu’s face was almost comical. “Yes indeed, Mistress.” He sank on one knee before her and kissed her hand. “It will be a privilege. I will guard him with my life.”
Out of the corner of her eye Kiya saw Huy hurry towards them and knew he had been waiting and watching in the shadow of the tents.
“Sabu has agreed to stay and look after Enno,” she said.
“Good man,” said Huy. He put his arm around Sabu’s shoulders and dragged him to his feet. “Come, let us go to the men’s tent and celebrate. That barrel of beer will need drinking before we leave.”
Kiya watched them go and wished she had not used Enno as an excuse to persuade Sabu to stay. There was no way the three of them could carry as much as the donkey and the beer barrel was not the only thing that would have to be sacrificed. She went in search of her aunt, dreading her reaction to the news.
Kiya found Laylos with Wadha Zayed and Nadia Djar in the tent where they had originally brought Sabu. “May I come in?” she asked.
“Of course,” said Wadha. “You are very welcome to join us, Kiya. Nadia has been recounting the bravery of Sabu. A snake was coiled by the side of the path but, before it could strike, he killed it with one slash of his sword.”
“He is a good bodyguard,” said Kiya, “and I will be sorry to lose him.” She sensed a sharpening of interest and heard a little gasp from Nadia.
“Lose him?” said Laylos. “What do you mean?”
“The tribe has given permission for Sabu to remain behind and look after Enno as we cannot take the donkey with us.”
“We are leaving the donkey? What about our things?” Laylos’s question was interrupted by Nadia who leapt forwards and flung her arms around Kiya’s neck.
“Thank you, thank you. Oh, my dear Kiya, Sabu would never have stayed without your consent.” Her happiness shone, filling the tent with its radiance and obliterating any further protests from Laylos. “I must tell my aunts, I must tell my sisters. Oh, I feel as if my heart was bursting with joy.” She kissed Kiya, jumped to her feet and ran out of the tent.
“She makes no attempt to hide her feelings, that little one,” smiled Wadha Zayed. “I have a suspicion that there will be a wedding before long.”
“It is a happy outcome for Sabu,” said Laylos. “I have grown fond of the boy and will face the loss of the donkey with fortitude.”
“There’s a good aunt,” said Kiya, patting her on the back. “Let us go and sort out what we can carry and what we must leave behind.”
When they reached the tent in which their things were stored, Laylos packed a bag with spare clothing and toiletries. She looked longingly at her two clay cooking pots “I am sure Huy wouldn’t mind carrying those, and the goblets, and a couple of sheets as well.”
Kiya frowned at her aunt. “Do you wish to burden him like a beast? How will he be able to draw his sword to protect us? We must leave these as parting gifts for our friends.”
Laylos brightened, “I know that Ar-Dab Yuni would be glad of the sheets, she has little material with which to make clothes for the children and Alanood Tchay would be very happy to be given the pots.”
There was one other to be given a gift. “Do you have your herb knife on you, Laylos?” asked Kiya.
“Yes, I usually carry it with me.”
“Can I borrow it?”
Laylos raised her eyebrows. “Whatever for?”
“I wish to give Sabu a gift worthy of his service to me.” Kiya folded back the hem of her shift to reveal the hidden pockets.
“You are going to give him some of your gold?” Laylos sounded surprised but then she nodded. “it can be his wedding gift. The man has proved his value several times over.”
“I am very sorry to lose him,” said Kiya as she carefully sliced through the stitching that held two of the pockets.
“Never mind,” said Laylos. “We will see him again when Enno is returned. Perhaps he will have grown tired of Bedouin life by then.”
Kiya stood up, placed the closed pockets into her waist purse and laughed. “I doubt it, his love for Nadia Djar is too strong.”
Laylos smiled. “You are right, my dear. Look where my love for Huy has led me, and yet I am happy to be with him and would not change a thing.”
The men were waiting there for them outside the tent. Sabu was wearing Bedouin robes and already looked a different man from the one who had served Kiya so faithfully. “I want you to have these as a wedding gift, Sabu,” she said and pressed the linen pockets into his hand.
“Thank you, Mistress.” He took the pockets and put them into his waist band without opening them. “I am so sorry to desert you.”
“You have not deserted me, Sabu. You have been tasked to take care of the donkey until we return.”
“You will need food and drink on your journey,” said Djar Badawi. “Here take this spring-water.” He handed a goat-skin container to Huy who thanked him and slung it over his shoulder. Djar Badawi then handed a linen package to Laylos. “This is ba-theeth, a gift from my wife. It is both nourishing and long-lasting.” Laylos thanked him and put the package in her bag.
“We thank you for providing us with sanctuary,” said Huy. “I offer you my service if you ever need it.”
“And we offer you ours,” said Djar Badawi. “We will walk you to the boundary marker, my friends.”
The men walked in front while Kiya and Laylos followed. “I am worried for your safety,” the tribal chief said to Huy. “The Queen has withdrawn her soldiers but what if she sends an assassin to look out for you?”
“Then I will kill him before he kills me,” said Huy.
“Good luck to you, my friend,” said Djar Badawi.
Kiya was thoughtful. An assassin? It made sense. The Queen would be safer with her dead than arrested - at least that would keep the secret of the coffin. She shivered and dreaded what might be awaiting them at Wadi el-Nakhla.
When they reached the pile of stones that marked the edge of the tribe’s territory, the men stopped.
“May your ancestors guard you on your journey,” said Djar Badawi.
The two men embraced and then Huy beckoned to Laylos and Kiya to follow him and walked away.
As they mounted the crest of the next hill, Kiya glanced round and saw the men still standing, looking after them. She waved and Sabu waved back. Then Kiya turned away and the next time she looked they were lost to view.

Chapter Fifty Nine: To Gesem.
Despite Laylos’s fears of losing their way, they found a goat track that led to the cliff and wound down the cliff-face to the valley below. By mid morning, they had joined the road to Wadi el-Nakhla. Traffic was busy and several times Kiya had to step aside to allow huge limestone blocks to pass. They were on two-wheeled sledges drawn by three oxen pulling abreast and took up most of the narrow pathway. As they went by she could see coarse tool marks where the stones had been hacked from the mountain.
They walked through the heat of the day and Kiya became increasingly tired and thirsty.
“Look, that must be an inn,” said Laylos, pointing to a building at the side of the road where a couple of benches stood, shaded by a sycamore tree. “Let us stop, Huy.”
“Very well,” said Huy. “I must admit that I am more than ready for a drink.”
Laylos and Kiya sat on a bench, while Huy went inside to buy drinks. Down the road, in the distance, Kiya could see the wadi – a steep valley with many quarries cut into the mountains. At the foot of the valley were the mud-brick shacks of workers clustered on the strip of land between the wadi and the Nile. She looked at their destination more closely. There was a landing stage where a fisherman untangled his nets beside a moored boat.
“If we hurry we can ask that fisherman to take us to Gesem,” she said to Laylos.
“I would have preferred a good, sturdy ferry to that flimsy craft,” said Laylos. “But we must take what opportunities are given.” She studied the landing stage. “Thank Horus there is no sign of an assassin, Nefertiti has decided to leave us in peace.”
“You are right,” said Kiya, for there was only a young boy, sitting on a mooring post and regarding the fisherman with bored disinterest. A couple passed by and Kiya saw the boy stiffen and focus his attention upon them. There was something predatory in the way he watched them pass and kept looking until they disappeared into one of the huts.
Could he be the assassin? thought Kiya. Surely not. Yet her experience with Urshu had taught her to be wary of children. As she concentrated upon the boy she sensed the faint aroma of aniseed. With a chill of fear she realised that the child was no ordinary mortal but a god.
Huy came out with a tray upon which were three goblets of beer and a plate of bread and cheese.
“We cannot go down to the landing stage,” said Kiya.
“Why not?” asked Huy, as he sat down on the bench between her and Laylos.
“That child is an assassin.”
Huy laughed. “That little froglet? I will soon see him off.”
“No! I beg of you!” implored Kiya. “That is no boy but a god.”
“A god? What nonsense.”
“Believe her, Huy,” said Laylos. “The girl has an uncanny ability to sense immortals. We must think of a way of passing him without arousing his suspicion.”
“The gods preserve me from superstitious women,” grunted Huy. “Very well, if you insist. But I am doing nothing until I have drunk this excellent beer. Here, darling, save this bread and cheese and we can eat it later.”
Kiya watched Laylos take a piece of linen from her bag and wrap it around the food. Although her stomach was knotted with tension she managed to drink, knowing there may be a long wait before their next beer.
“The so-called assassin will be looking for a young girl and her bodyguard,” said Huy. “Not a middle aged couple and their slave. I suggest we give all our luggage to Kiya to carry while we walk ahead with a swagger.” He downed the last of his beer and turned to Kiya. “You must try to look down-trodden, my girl.”
“With all that to carry, looking down-trodden will not be hard,” said Kiya.
“Good.” Huy took the tray back into the inn, while Kiya stood up and allowed her aunt to burden her. She carried a bag in each hand and had Huy’s load strapped to her back.
“Don’t walk too fast,” Kiya said as Huy emerged from the building and offered Laylos his arm. “I can hardly move under this weight.”
“No matter,” said Huy. “A lordly stroll should allay suspicion.”
Kiya struggled after her aunt and uncle as they sauntered away from the inn. It seemed a back-breaking age before they reached the landing stage. She was aware of the boy’s eyes upon them and the smell of aniseed was chokingly strong. Tense with apprehension she stumbled and nearly fell, then hurried to catch up with the others. Let me not have aroused his suspicions, she prayed.
The further they got from the landing stage, the more she relaxed until she was sure that they had escaped the boy. But Huy and Laylos ambled on until Kiya felt that she would collapse under her burden.
At last Huy stopped. “We should be safe now,” he said.
“Thank Horus for that!” said Kiya. She dropped the bags. “Will someone help get this load off my back, please?”
“You did well, Kiya,” said Laylos as she untied the bindings.
“The gods grant that I never become a slave!” said Kiya. She looked round and saw that they were beyond the village and hidden from the landing stage by a thicket of acacia bushes.
Huy indicated the river where a number of fishermen were sailing their feluccas. “We must attract the attention of one of those boats.” He beckoned to the nearest.
The fisherman ignored him, but one close-by responded. As it came closer Kiya could see that its owner was an elderly man with an ill-tempered face. “What do you want?” he demanded.
“We would be grateful for a lift to Qato,” said Huy.
“Gratitude never put food on the table,” said the man.
“We would be happy to pay you, of course,” said Huy.
“How much?”
“Two copper rings,” said Huy.
The old man scowled. “You want me to lose a day’s fishing for two copper rings?”
“It is more than you would earn in a week, you miserable worm,” muttered Laylos under her breath.
“I can make it three,” said Huy, “but not a gnat’s wing more.”
“Very well,” said the old man, “But hurry up. I want to be away from the delta before nightfall.”
Huy waded into the water and climbed onto the boat then he turned to help Laylos.
“Look out! Ow! Try to hold that thing steady.” A protesting Laylos was hauled aboard with both men pulling on her arms and Kiya pushing from behind. She flopped onto the deck then rose to her feet and made her way to the stern causing the boat to wobble so violently that Kiya was nearly thrown back into the water as she scrambled aboard.
“I ought to charge extra,” grumbled the old man. “I’ve almost done my back in trying to get that one on board.”
“It’s not my fault that you are so old and useless,” retorted Laylos.
“And it is not my fault you are so fat and clumsy,” said the old man.
Kiya feared an argument but Laylos and the old man were invigorated by the exchange and settled down amicably. The felucca turned down river. As it did so it swung wide and the landing stage was once more in view. Out of the corner of her eye Kiya could see the boy leap to his feet and stare after them. She glanced in his direction and for a split second the child became an ugly dwarf. She blinked and he was once more a boy who glared at her with hatred in his eyes.
Kiya turned away, feeling chilled. She had recognised Bes, the immortal dwarf with the strength to strangle a lion. What a fearsome protagonist! And where were Anubis and Hathor when she needed them? She watched the huge white sail of the felucca catch the wind and felt the surge of power as the boat sped towards Qato. Her godly friends were glib with their promises of support but so far it was only luck, the bravery of her companions and her ability to scent immortals that had kept her safe.

Chapter Sixty: Qato and Beyond
The prow of the boat split the water into two curving waves as the felucca sailed downriver. Kiya knelt at the front of the boat and imagined she was flying across the sparkling blue water. She looked back to the stern, where Huy and Laylos were snuggled together, and felt a pang of guilt. Should she have allowed them to come with her on this mission? They were willing enough and she could not succeed without them, but was it fair when they had found such happiness together?
They were passed by a cargo boat, sailing up-river loaded with people.
“Thoth’s curse be upon those bloody merchants,” said the old man. “They are earning a fortune by overcharging those fleeing Helwan, even though their ships sail empty back.”
“Is nobody going to the delta?” asked Laylos.
“Only you three. Why are you travelling in the opposite direction to everyone else?”
“Because we are contrary,” said Huy. “And we like to keep our business to ourselves.”
“Fair enough,” said the old man with a shrug.
They shared their lunch of bread and cheese with him but, apart from thanking them, the old man said little and, for the rest of the journey, he was silent.
Many more loaded boats passed them travelling up-river with passengers and their baggage. Kiya waved at one but the people stared at her with gloomy eyes and nobody waved back.
When they reached Qato, it was as Kiya remembered it - diminutive houses with smooth, white-washed walls, wooden drying racks and a landing stage. But there was no smell of gutted fish, no nets drying in the sun, no people rushing from their houses when the boat docked.
“Are you sure this is where you wanted to come?” said the old man.
“Yes, thank you,” said Huy and indicated to Kiya to pay him. She handed over three copper rings and added a small bit of turquoise.
“We are grateful for your help,” she said.
“Good luck to you,” said the old man. He waited with ill-disguised impatience while Kiya and Huy helped Laylos disembark, then set off at once, his boat angled to the wind.
Kiya was looking around, wondering if the little fishing village was deserted, when a man emerged from one of the houses. He held a fish-gutting knife and looked at them with wary eyes.
“We get few visitors nowadays,” he said. “Can I help you?”
“We need a lift to Ankhis,” said Huy.
“Ankhis?” The man sounded surprised. “Nobody lives there now, it is too near the swamp people.”
“Those scum?” said Laylos. “They would not dare show their faces in Gesem.”
“Now the soldiers have gone the swamp men have grown bold,” said the man.
Kiya felt a chill of fear, but Huy was unimpressed. “If we have to walk, we must go at once,” he said.
“If I was you, I would not go at all,” said the man but Huy was already striding down the road with Laylos following. Kiya thanked the man and ran after her aunt and uncle.
As she hastened along the dusty road Kiya thought how different the countryside looked now, with weeds encroaching the untended fields. Without mankind, the valley would swiftly return to a wilderness. Her mind went back to the one and only time she had met the god who fathered her. Perhaps, after all, Seth’s dream of a primeval forest could come true. But what price was he prepared to pay? He had already killed his brother. Was he planning to kill the entire population?
Kiya was so sunk in thought that she almost walked into Huy and Laylos, who had paused to drink from the goat-skin water container.
“I never thought I would be glad to drink water,” said Laylos, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.
Kiya realised how parched she had become and held out her hands for a turn with the water. It had a slight taint of goat but she was thirsty enough not to care.
“Look!” Laylos pointed down the road to the burnt-out shell of Fai-Nofre’s inn. “Let’s take a quick look inside to see if there is anything worth salvaging,” said Laylos.
“I suggest all the looting was done long ago, without your help, my dear,” said Huy.
“Looting? The very idea!” Laylos was offended. “Come, Kiya, help me search.” She hurried towards the inn.
Kiya glanced at Huy. Shadows were lengthening and she knew he was anxious to reach Ankhis before nightfall.
Huy nodded. “Very well, but be quick.”
Kiya followed her aunt into the building, stepping over piles of rubble and burnt roof timbers. The place was unrecognisable. Sunlight poured into what had once been a gloomy interior. There were gaping holes where the bedroom doors had been and a smell of charred wood filled the air. Kiya peered into the rooms but, apart from debris, they were empty. The beds, the bedding the counter the beer barrels, the goblets, everything was either destroyed or gone. Laylos had made her way to the back yard and returned shaking her head.
“Even the vats have been ruined,” she said. She sighed and stared around at the wreckage. “It seems like only yesterday we were here with Dennu.”
“Come, Aunt,” said Kiya. “We must leave, we have no time to indulge in reminiscences.” She led the way from the inn and was greeted by Huy.
“You found no food?” he said. “What a disappointment. I am getting hungry. Come, no more stops, we much reach our destination while there is still light.”
Huy led the way at a rapid pace but the sun was low by the time they reached Ankhis and the first stars were visible.
“Look there’s Janais’s house,” said Laylos. “He will be pleased to know that it’s still standing. I wonder if any of my old friends are still here. Halloo!” Her raised voice sent bats clattering into the sky.
“Be quiet!” commanded Huy. “More than just friends will be interested in our presence.”
He hurried them through the village and down the riverside path. Laylos stopped at her house and stared in dismay. The palisade had been ripped apart and the door hung open, supported by a single strap.
“Wait here,” said Huy and he stepped into the compound, his sword drawn. He returned shortly and beckoned to them. “There is nobody here. It looks as if it was broken into long ago.”
Kiya followed Laylos through the wrecked entrance into a garden of trampled plants and burgeoning weeds. The house was still standing but the awning had gone.
“It must have been one of the first buildings to be attacked, being on its own and so close to the river,” said Huy. “It is lucky you left when you did, my dear.” He put an arm around Laylos and held her close.
Kiya looked in through the window. Everything worth taking had been looted. “Poor Laylos,” she said and gave her aunt a kiss.
“We must spend the night here,” said Huy.
“First we must mend the door,” said Laylos.
Huy shook his head. “We must do nothing. Any attempt at repairs will alert the swamp men that someone is here.”
“Oh dear,” said Kiya. “Do you think they will come back?”
“Probably. We are on their route to the rest of Gesem. But what better place to hide than somewhere that has already been ransacked?”
With that comforting thought, they all settled down inside the house. Kiya unpacked the ba-theeth, from which Huy cut chunks with the knife he kept in his belt. He handed out the dark-brown lumps and took a tentative nibble. “Actually,” he whispered, “This does not taste as bad as it looks.”
“At least tonight we are neither hungry nor thirsty, but what of the morrow?” asked Laylos. She kept her voice low and looked fearfully at the doorway for fear of alerting unseen intruders.
“We will face tomorrow when it comes, but now we must sleep,” said Huy and settled himself on the hard earth floor. “Come, lie each side of me, women, and spread your cloaks to keep me warm.”
So Kiya lay beside her uncle, spread her cloak over him and was grateful for his body warmth as the night grew cold. Her sleep was disturbed. At one point she turned her head, to look through the broken door, and thought she saw dark figures slink along the riverside path. She might have been dreaming for she fell back into slumber and did not wake again until the morning.

Chapter Sixty One: Return to Massui's Palace
When Kiya opened her eyes to daylight she thanked the gods that the long night had passed without incident. She stretched her stiff limbs and yawned.
“Did you sleep well, Kiya?” asked Huy.
“Not really,” she replied. “I think I saw swamp people pass us in the night.”
“Those disgusting vermin,” said Laylos. She sat up and stared at Kiya over Huy’s recumbent body. “They never dared show their faces this side of the river in the old days.”
“Where do they come from?” asked Kiya.
“From the underworld!” declared Laylos. “They are not men at all but are fiends made from swamp slime.”
“Nonsense,” said Huy. He sat up. “Now we are all awake, let us have breakfast - my stomach feels like a growling lion.” He handed his knife to Laylos who cut up the last of the ba-theeth, and passed it around.
While they ate Huy told Kiya about the swamp men. “They live in the reed sea, beyond the delta. We once sent a scouting party to arrest them but their houses are made from reeds, so they cannot be found in the vastness of the area. They do not plough or sow or keep animals but eat frogs and toads and water rats, which is why their bodies are small and hunched.”
“Their skins are grey and they have teeth like a crocodile’s,” said Laylos.
“They look grey because they cover themselves with mud to protect their naked skin from the sun,” said Huy. “And they sharpen their teeth to get a better hold on their slippery prey.”
Kiya shivered. “If not fiends then they are barely human.”
“Whatever they are, we are lucky they did not find us,” said Huy. “Come on, the sooner we get to Massui’s palace the better.”
On the riverside path Kiya looked anxiously for any evidence of swamp men but, like phantoms, they had left no sign of their passing.
They reached the village and this time Laylos did not call out, but looked around at the empty shops and houses. “It is hard to believe they are all gone,” she sighed and Kiya saw tears in her eyes.
“At least Janais and his family are safe,” said Huy. He took her hand and Kiya followed them out of the village and along the path towards Massui’s palace.
It was a long, hot, thirsty walk and they drank the last of their water, squeezing the goatskin container to extract the final drops.
“We need beer to replenish our supplies,” Huy said. “For there are no sweet-water springs here.”
“Let us hope that Massui’s kitchen has not been looted,” said Laylos. “I know where he keeps some secret beer barrels.”
From a distance the palace looked much as it had always done, gleaming white and surrounded by gardens. But as she drew near Kiya saw signs of neglect. Irrigation channels were dry and plants wilted in the sun. She felt sand crunch underfoot as she mounted the stairs that led to the entrance. The doors were closed, but creaked open under Huy’s hand startling a lizard, which skittered across the great hall.
“I will check the kitchen,” said Laylos.
“And I will visit the shrine,” said Kiya.
“We should stay together,” protested Huy.
“Nonsense,” said Laylos. “Nothing is going to happen in the middle of the day.”
“Thoth protect me from strong-minded women!” Huy raised his eyes skywards. “I will stay here in the hall and, hopefully, protect you both.”
“I won’t be long,” said Kiya. She hurried down the hall and climbed onto the dais. The throne was missing but the door to Seth’s shrine was still in place and hanging open. She peered in and saw that it was a small windowless room covered with murals. The only illumination was light coming through the doorway but she could make out a desert scene with a sandstorm depicted as a writhing dragon. A thunderstorm over the delta filled another wall. Seth was pictured on the black clouds hurling a bolt of lightening down upon running figures.
Kiya stood in front of the painting. She had never experienced a thunderstorm. Indeed, she had never known rain before coming to the delta. Could her father really control such power?
Kiya looked around, searching the shadows for any clue where the ka of Osiris might be hidden. She saw a movement in the wall. Someone was looking at her through the eyehole from the secret passage. She stared open-mouthed as a hidden door swung open and Massui emerged from the darkness.
“Kiya!” He pronounced the word strangely, curling his lips as if her name left a sour taste in his mouth.
“Hello, Massui. I have come to see you.” Kiya scarcely recognised the man. He was filthy and unshaven. His hair had grown long and sprang back from his forehead like the mane of a lion. He should have been a pitiful figure but he still exuded power.
“What do you want of me? Witch!”
Oh dear, thought Kiya. This isn’t going to be easy. “I want you to please tell me where Seth has hidden the ka of Osiris,” she said.
Massui blinked in surprise. “What? How should I know?”
“He might have dropped a hint or left a clue. Please think, Massui. This is important.”
Massui laughed, his teeth white and strong against the blackness of his beard. “The only thing I think, Kiya, is that you are mad to have come here.” He stepped forwards into the room and Kiya saw that he had lost weight. His stomach hung like a deflated bladder over the waistband of his kilt. “Can you not understand, you stupid girl, how much I hate you?”
“Why? What have I done to you?”
“You stole my son. Where is Dennu? Why have you not brought him with you? Is he dead?”
Kiya stared at him in surprise. “It was you who tried to kill him. We rescued him after he drank your poison.”
Massui’s heavy brows drew together and he glared at Kiya with an intensity of anger that made her step back nervously. “Interfering fools! That was no poison, it was a magical draught, designed to delay the development of his powers.”
“He lost his powers completely. Poor Dennu, is that what you wanted?”
“Nonsense! His powers will return in time. He is too young for such magic, he is not ready for the responsibility.” Massui was telling the truth, thought Kiya. Dennu’s powers had, indeed, returned and the so-called poison hadn’t killed him. “If my son is alive why has he not come to see me?” demanded Massui. “Have you taught him to hate me with all this talk of poisoning?”
Kiya feared he might be right. She bowed her head. “I am sorry.”
Her apology served only to fuel his rage. “I have lost everything. My wife, my son, my garrison, my province. Even my god has deserted me.”
“Where is Seth?” asked Kiya.
“Do you not know?” said Massui. “I thought you had a special bond with him. Why else did he stop me killing you when you escaped from the palace?”
“Seth stopped you?” said Kiya in surprise. “I thought you could not find me.”
“Foolish girl. Did you think I had no spies in Ankhis? You were hiding with that aunt of yours. I could have had you killed at any time.” He slid a wicked-looking knife out of his belt and held it high for her inspection. “Fortunately, my waiting has not been in vain. I will kill you now!” He leapt at her.
“Huy!” she screamed and flung herself sideways. The blade missed her by a hairsbreadth.
From outside came the sound of a scuffle. “Huy!” Kiya screamed again and dodged the blade but she slipped and crashed to the floor. Frantically she rolled over onto her back to see Massui stand over her with the knife raised.
She held up her arms in a desperate attempt to deflect the blade.
For a moment Massui paused, savouring his triumph, then there was shouting and confusion as people came crowding into the room.

Chapter Sixty Two: Captured
Kiya thought she had been saved but, such was his bloodlust, Massui ignored the intruders and continued his attack. As the blade plunged downwards he was struck on the side of the head with a blow that sent him sprawling. The knife clattered harmlessly across the marble flagstones of the floor.
Kiya was hauled to her feet and stood trembling, her knees scarcely able to support her. She recognised her rescuers as Cretan soldiers, wearing the wide clinched belts that were the fashion of the island. At a command from their captain, two men roped her arms behind her back and Kiya realised that she had been saved from death only to become a captive.
Massui still lay unmoving on the floor. Kiya thought he was unconscious but, when two Cretan soldiers tried to lift him, he lashed out at them. He fought bravely and was not subdued until his nose bled and an eye was blackened.
“Dog!” said the Captain, when the priest was safely pinioned. He stepped forwards and slapped him on the face.
“Coward,” snarled Massui and was slapped again. He is probably mad, thought Kiya, but she had a grudging respect for the Nome Lord’s courage.
They were dragged into the hall where Huy stood between two soldiers. They looked dishevelled and one of them held a knife to Huy’s neck. A third soldier was sitting on the floor nursing a bleeding head. Her uncle had obviously put up a good fight.
Behind him Laylos stood passively, also a captive. Her eyes widened when she saw Massui. “I never thought that you’d still be here,” she said.
“Is that why you came to loot my palace?” he said. He turned to Huy. “You too. Were you not once a captain in my garrison? It is a desperate world when servants turn against their master.”
“We are all equal under the Aten,” said Huy. “But I fear we are about to become the lowest of the low. We have been captured by Cretan slave-raiders.”
At a command from the Captain they were dragged from the building and down the steps to where Kiya saw six war chariots, their horses shifting restlessly. Opposite them in the gardens stood an elderly couple. Kiya recognised them at once and her heart lifted - Anubis and Hathor had arrived in time to save them!
One of the soldiers beckoned to the two gods, commanding them to come forwards. Anubis pulled the hood of his cloak further over his face but did not move. The soldier shouted an order in the Cretan tongue. Hathor glared at him then dragged Anubis away. They seemed to hobble slowly but when the soldier started off in pursuit, they disappeared behind the shrubbery. The Captain called the soldier back, there was little value in such elderly slaves.
Kiya made no effort to resist as she was hauled into one of the chariots and thrown to the floor. She expected Anubis and Hathor to discard their disguises and emerge from the bushes, but nothing happened. Two men climbed into the chariot with her – the driver and a spear carrier. The tail gate clanged shut and still there was no sign of her liberators. With a jolt, the chariot started moving.
“Help!” yelled Kiya, but her plea went unanswered.
Kiya tried to brace her legs against the sides of the chariot as it lurched over the potholes of the road. She felt angry with the gods for not coming to her rescue but anger turned into misery as the bruising journey continued. She could see nothing but the sky above her and the backs of her captors. Should she try to escape? She decided against throwing herself over the tailgate of the chariot as she would end up speared or trampled to death by the following horses.
After a while Kiya became aware of a salty, ozone scent tinged with rotting seaweed. They must be nearing the sea. At last the chariot stopped, the tailgate was let down and Kiya was pushed out onto a sandy beach.
She gazed at a huge expanse of water, which stretched to the horizon. It must reach to the edge of the world, thought Kiya. Somewhere in that vastness was the island of Crete. Finding it would be as miraculous as the Bedouin finding their oases.
The ocean might be as limitless as the desert but there was no peace to be found here. Breakers crashed upon the shore, seagulls screamed overhead and the surface was churned by restless waves.
“Ouch stop pushing! Give me a chance to find my feet you bullies.” Laylos was being unceremoniously deposited upon the sand. Kiya rushed to help her, as far as her pinioned hands would allow.
“Thank you dear.” She leant upon Kiya and managed to stand up. “I am bruised from head to toe. Life as a slave will be a welcome release after such a journey.”
“I fear that worse is to come,” said Kiya and indicated a large boat standing half in the water and half on the beach.
“Oh no!” groaned her aunt. “If we survive this, I vow I will never crave for adventure again.”
Huy and Massui were already being hustled towards the boat. The soldiers in charge of Kiya and Laylos gave them both a shove, urging them to follow.
“Do not manhandle me, young man,” said Laylos and was pushed once more.
A man, who must be the ship’s captain, was gesturing from the stern, demanding them to hurry. He exchanged a few angry words with the captain of the raiding party while Kiya climbed a ladder into the boat. The climb was difficult as her hands were still tied but she was pulled up by a member of the crew and pushed from behind by a soldier. She landed on the deck in an undignified heap and was hauled to her feet. Behind her came the sound of cursing and grunting as Laylos was also dragged aboard.
Kiya saw that Massui and Huy were already seated beneath an awning, which was attached to a central mast and stretched across the bowels of the ship. Behind them rows of dejected-looking people stared at her with lack-lustre eyes.
At least we will be out of the sun, thought Kiya as she was directed to sit on the bench beside Massui. A sailor tied her ankles to a metal ring in the ship’s timbers. She wriggled against her bonds but the rope was tight and well-knotted.
“We are trussed up like swine for the slaughter,” complained Laylos, who was being tied on the other side of Massui, next to Huy.
“Are you all right, my darling,” he whispered.
While Laylos told Huy that she was not all right and would never recover from such a journey, Kiya looked around at their fellow prisoners. The boat was only half full and she reckoned that there were mean pickings in Gesem now that the bulk of the population had fled. Those remaining were the sick and the elderly – and foolhardy visitors like themselves.
Shouted orders came from the shore. The ship shuddered beneath Kiya’s feet and there was a rasping sound as it was pushed down the beach. Soon it was floating on the water, rocking gently from side to side upon the waves. The sail was unfurled to the wind and Kiya felt the thrust as the boat was pushed forwards towards an unwelcome future.

Chapter Sixty Three: An Unpleasant Journey
As the Cretan ship carried Kiya away from Egypt, she bent low and peered under the awning, hoping to catch a last glimpse of her homeland. Her view was blocked by a leather cabin, which stood upon the poop deck. On either side men pulled on huge oars to keep the boat on course. All she could see beyond them was the sky.
Kiya sighed and glanced sideways at Massui, who was sitting next to her. There was something about his profile that reminded her of Dennu. He looked so pensive that her heart warmed to him.
“How are you feeling, Massui?” she asked.
He gave a dry laugh. “I thought my life could get no worse, then you came along and now I am heading for slavery.”
“Please believe me, Massui. This is none of my doing.”
He turned to her. “Trouble follows you like flies follow a dung cart – witch.”
She turned away from the hatred in his eyes and saw two sailors approaching, crouched low under the awning.
“Water?” asked one.
“Yes, please.” It had been a long time since she had drunk and she eagerly swallowed the water he offered from a ladle.
The man dipped the ladle in the bucket held by his companion and offered it to Massui.
“Water?”
“Are you trying to poison me? I drink nothing but beer.”
The man shrugged. “By the end of the voyage you will be glad of water.”
He passed on to Laylos, who was sitting on the other side of Massui.
“I hope this isn’t Nile water,” she said.
The man shook his head. “No, it is safe enough,” he said. “Hurry up woman, I have the whole boat to serve.”
Laylos drank from the ladle. “I fancy a bit of lunch,” she said.
The man snorted his derision and passed on to Huy.
Kiya turned to Massui, eager to lighten the mood between them. “Do you want me to tell you about Dennu?” she asked. “He is doing very well in Akhetaten. He has become a priest of the Aten.”
“Then he has become my enemy,” snarled Massui. “It is because of this new religion that the temples have been closed and the garrisons no longer funded.” He made a growling noise in his throat, like an animal. “It is because of the Aten that Gesem has become a wilderness and its people fled or enslaved.” Massui glared at her and then turned away.
Kiya began to feel queasy and wished she had not drunk the water. What if it was contaminated? But, no. The Cretans would hardly damage a cargo of valuable slaves. The thought of being sold as a slave depressed her. Would she be parted from Huy and Laylos? If so she might never see them again. She realised that this boat trip might also be her last opportunity speak to Massui and turned to him with a nervous cough.
He made no response, so she screwed up her courage and said, “I’m sorry about what happened to your nome, Massui. But if I find the ka of Osiris I can stop this new religion and reopen the temples. You must try to help me if Gesem is to be saved.”
He did not answer and remained steadfastly staring away from her. They were out in the open sea now and waves were rocking the boat violently from side to side. The nausea that had been building in Kiya ever since the start of the journey became a feeling of sickness that overwhelmed her. Her stomach regurgitated its contents over the floor of the boat.
“Yuk!” said Massui, struggling to keep his feet from her vomit. “Did I say things could not get worse? I was wrong. With you there is always a new low point.”
“I’m sorry,” said Kiya. She closed her eyes and felt as if she was close to death.
The long afternoon passed. The men with a pail of water and a ladle came round at intervals and allowed them to drink. They were not offered food but, even on an empty stomach, Kiya was sick twice more. Each time she vomited Massui groaned in disgust but remained silent.
“How are you feeling, Kiya?” asked Laylos, who was shackled on the other side of Massui.
“I think I am dying,” said Kiya.
“I wish!” muttered Massui.
“It is just sea sickness, my darling,” said Laylos. “You will soon get used to the movement of the boat.”
She was right. By nightfall, Kiya felt better and managed to doze off. Her head fell against Massui’s shoulder and she felt him wriggle and shrug in an attempt to move her. But she was so tired that she fell asleep resting upon his unwelcoming pillow.
Kiya was awakened by a loud bang. Shipwrecked! She sat upright her heart pounding. The boat was still. Pale morning light seeped in under the awning and she could hear the sounds of a harbour. The leather cabin was empty and the huge wooden steering oars stood unattended. They must have arrived at Crete.
She looked sideways at Massui, who sat with his head bowed. Beyond him Laylos and Huy were talking together in low voices. Kiya was wondering what was going to happen, when a man with a knife ducked under the awning and approached her. She tensed, half expecting to be attacked, but he merely sawed apart the ropes that bound her. More men had come aboard and were releasing the other prisoners.
“Come on! Get up! Get off the ship, we have not got all day,” said the man and he started to work on Massui. Kiya could hardly stand, she was cramped after being in a confined space for so long. Under her feet, the deck was slippery with sick and urine and she was frightened of falling.
“What a disgusting smell. You Egyptians are like animals,” said a man who had cut through Laylos’s bonds.
“We have been kept like animals, more like,” said Laylos. She got to her feet, stepped around Massui, and hugged Kiya. “How are you, my dear?”
“I am starting to feel better now the journey has ended,” Kiya said.
They emerged from beneath the awning and Kiya saw the port at which they had arrived. It was situated in a steep-sided bay. Houses climbed the surrounding hills, looking down upon the wide expanse of the harbour. Many ships were tied to the quays. Some had the high hooked prow of Cretan crafts, others were of different designs. All around were the shops of traders, buying and selling the goods that were brought to the harbour.
The noise of the people, the cry of seagulls and the shouted orders of their guards, created a cacophony of sound which was bewildering after the quietness of the voyage. Kiya blinked in the sunlight and made her unsteady way to the ladder which was hanging from the side of the ship. She climbed down to the quay and helped Laylos, who came down after her.
Huy descended next. “We must stick together,” he said.
“A good plan,” said Laylos. “Let us hope our captors respect it!”
“I cannot bear us to be parted,” said Kiya.
“Come on! Hurry up! Stand over here!” The soldiers were armed with spears, which they waved menacingly as if expecting trouble from the demoralised prisoners. Kiya and the others followed orders and grouped on the quayside. She noticed that Massui positioned himself as far away from her as possible.
“I never want to go to sea again,” Huy said. “Even if it means spending the rest of my life on this island.”
“What a collection you have brought me!” The man who must be the slave master was walking around the group with a disgusted expression on his face.
He spoke Egyptian to the captain of the ship, who replied fluently. “Don’t blame me, I just transport what the soldiers catch. I should charge you extra for having to clean up my ship, it is in a terrible state.”
“You charge plenty enough as it is, Yuny. I’m not going to get much for this lot in the slave market.”
“Nonsense.” He pointed to Kiya. “She should wash up well. You might be able to sell her to the palace for tomorrow’s sacrifice. I have heard that they always need virgins.”
“I’m not a virgin!” lied Kiya.
The slave trader laughed. “Neither are most of them, if the truth be told.”
“And that one will make a good cook from the looks of her,” said the Captain, pointing at Laylos.
“I hate cooking,” said Laylos.
“I can vouch for that,” said Huy.
“In that case she will have to go to the harbour brothel,” said the slave master.
“Actually I don’t hate cooking that much,” said Laylos. “In fact I could grow to enjoy it.”
“Enough!” said the slave master. He pointed at Kiya. “Remove this girl. I want her to be cleaned and taken to the palace. The rest of them can go to the warehouse.”
“No!” cried Laylos. Huy put his arm around her shoulders to restrain her as she held out her hands to Kiya.
“I will be fine!” said Kiya, trying to hide her despair as she felt her arms seized.
“Come with us girl,”
“Where are you taking me?” Kiya looked from side to side at the two soldiers who were holding her.
“To the bath house, of course, to get rid of that filth.”
“Let her go!” Laylos protested. She struggled to reach Kiya and one of the soldiers lifted his spear as if to stab her. With a swift movement Huy dragged Laylos out of danger and forced her to follow the rest of the group as they were led away.
Through a blur of tears, Kiya watched them go until she was pulled in the other direction.

Chapter Sixty Four: The Bath House
Kiya was dragged past market stalls selling lengths of material, spices, oils, jewellery, ceramics and much more. Opulent scents mingled with the ozone of the sea. In other circumstances Kiya would have lingered to admire the treasures but the two guards urged her on. Ahead of them, beyond the harbour, she saw a low building. Behind it the hill rose steeply, almost forming a cliff. A large woman stood in the doorway, her arms folded, watching their approach.
“Greetings Potnia,” said one of the soldiers. “The slave master, Itaja, wants this one to be presented at the palace.”
Potnia regarded Kiya without enthusiasm. “Another virgin, I suppose.”
“That’s right.”
“Come this way, girl.” She looked over Kiya’s head to the soldiers. “You two can wait outside.”
Kiya followed Potnia past a communal pool filled with water that smelled of sulphur. She wrinkled her nose. “Why does the water smell nasty.”
“You have a lot of cheek for a prisoner,” said Potnia. “The water comes bubbling up hot from the depths of the earth. It is very healthy, despite its smell.” She opened the door of a small room in which was a stone bath. “Do you want a slave to scrub you?”
“No thank you,” said Kiya. She entered the room and heard the door being shut and bolted behind her. There was a high window, near which was a wooden table with a comb, looking glass and oil bottle. She dragged the table to the window, climbed upon it and stood on tiptoe to peer out. Could she squeeze through the narrow opening? The sound of a bolt being drawn back made her hurriedly jump down. She landed on the floor with a thud as the door opened and Potnia marched in carrying towels and a jar.
“There is no escape,” Potnia said. “But I cannot blame you for trying, child.”
Three slave girls entered the room behind Potnia. Each carried two large, leather buckets, which they emptied into the bath.
Kiya waited until they had left, then asked, “What is going to happen to me Potnia?”
“Do you not know?” Potnia raised her eyebrows. “I thought everyone had heard of the Minotaur.”
“What is the Minotaur?”
“A man with the head of a bull and the teeth of a lion. Tomorrow you and the other virgins will be thrown into his maze.”
Kiya stared at her wide-eyed. “Will we be eaten?”
Potnia shook her head. “Not necessarily. The manner of your death is in the hands of the gods.” She smiled and the pity in her eyes made Kiya feel even more nervous of her fate. “Come child, take a bath. I have a jar of soap here for you and some nice thick towels.”
Once Potnia had left the room, Kiya peeled off her shift and checked the pockets. The stitches were holding and the gold nuggets still in place. She plunged it into the bath and used the soap to scrub it clean, then she flattened it out on the floor in a patch of sunshine to dry. Potnia’s words were buzzing in her head. A monster with the head of a bull and the teeth of a lion? The Minotaur must have escaped from the Molloch Mine, but how did he get all the way to Crete? Why did the Cretans worship him? Did he have humanity? Perhaps she would be able to reason with him.
She stepped into the hot water and lay in the bath so it covered her body. Her tired muscles relaxed, and it was not until the water started to cool that she reached for the soap.
After her bath she towelled herself dry and combed out her wet hair. She sniffed the oil in the bottle on the table. It smelled of wild roses and she rubbed it onto her skin to hide the lingering odour of sulphur. Her stomach was still flat enough not to reveal her pregnancy. “I am sorry, my child,” she murmured and stroked in the oil as if she caressed the foetus that was growing inside her. “But if I die, so will you and without ever having known the beauty of life.”
There was a knock on the door and Potnia entered. “Hurry up my dear, the soldiers are growing impatient. I have brought you a new tunic.”
“No thank you, I prefer to wear my own clothes.” Kiya bent and picked up her shift, it was still damp but catching a chill was the least of her worries.
“Very well, it looks clean enough,” said Potnia. Her eyes narrowed as they fixed upon the armlet Kiya wore around her neck. “Give me that. Slaves are not allowed to own such jewellery.”
Kiya hurriedly put on the shift to hide the armlet. “Please let me keep it,” she said. “It was given to me by someone very special.”
Potnia held out her hand. “You won’t need it where you are going.”
“It figures the god Apis and I pray that he will bring me luck,” said Kiya.
“You will need more than luck,” said Potnia. She took a step towards Kiya as if to wrest the armlet from her.
“By rights it belongs to Itaja, the slave master,” said Kiya, keeping her hand firmly upon her chest. “He owns me and therefore owns my belongings.”
Potnia hesitated and then shrugged. “Perhaps you are right,” she said. “I have no wish to tangle with such a man. Come with me, a chariot is waiting to take you to the palace.”
Kiya followed the woman back past the pool and out of the door to where a soldier stood.
“You took your time,” he said.
“Why not,” said Potnia. “She has very little time left.” She turned to Kiya. “Good luck my child. I will be watching tomorrow. Be brave and you will be remembered with respect.”
They were joined by the second soldier whose eyes brightened when he saw Kiya. “Wow! What a transformation!”
The soldiers led her to a horse-drawn chariot. Kiya’s heart sank at the thought of another uncomfortable ride. “Do I have to lie down?” she asked.
“Of course not.” The soldiers looked surprised. They showed Kiya where she was to stand beside the charioteer and mounted the platform behind her.
The charioteer whipped the horses, and the chariot started with a jerk. Kiya seized the front edge to steady herself and gazed around as the horses trotted through the town. The houses were very different from those of Thebes. They had wide ground-floor verandas supported by wooden columns and were painted red. People in the streets were well dressed and often followed by slaves, carrying their bags. A few looked curiously at Kiya as the chariot passed.
The horses slowed to a walk as the road steepened and soon the houses were left behind. Kiya expected the road to roughen but, just as in town, it was paved by closely-set flagstones. She could see little of the surrounding countryside for there were stone walls on either side, beyond which were densely-planted olive groves. Gnarled branches overhung the road and gave shelter from the sun, which was now high in the sky.
As they neared the top of the hill, Kiya saw that they were approaching a small city, with tiers of terraces, flights of stairs and pillared balconies.
“Welcome to the Palace of Knossos,” said one of the guards.
Kiya was in awe. What she had thought was a city was a palace, which rivalled even the temple complex of Thebes in its grandeur. The chariot stopped at a side entrance. One of the men helped Kiya to the ground, while the other knocked on the door. After a long pause, it was opened by a palace guard, wearing a breastplate emblazoned with a bull’s head.
“We have brought a virgin for tomorrow’s sacrifice. The slave master, Itaja, wants the usual payment.”
The guard looked Kiya up and down. “This one will do. Wait here.”
Kiya wondered if she should try to escape. Her captors were taking little notice of her and it was but a short sprint to the nearest olive grove. But where could she go? How would she get off the island? She would be doomed in either case so it was best to follow where fate was taking her.
The guard came back with a small leather bag. He gave it to one of the soldiers, who looked inside. “Are you sure it is all here? Itaja will weigh it, you know.”
“None of your cheek,” said the guard. “What are you implying – that I am a thief? Hand over the girl and be gone!”
He grabbed Kiya roughly, pulled her inside the palace and slammed the door.

Chapter Sixty Five: Vitane
The guard led Kiya along a corridor lit from above by ceiling grids. She hurried to walk beside him.
“What can you tell me about the Minotaur?” she asked. “I have heard he is a man with a bull’s head, but I need to know more about him if I am to have fighting chance of survival.”
“You are a woman of courage,” said the guard, “I am glad I have found a companion for the Princess.”
As they walked along the corridor, Kiya saw that the walls were decorated in a swirling wave-like pattern with a frieze of shells. She would rather not be reminded of the sea and tried to press the guard further.
“Does the Minotaur speak?”
The guard laughed. “The only advice I can give you, young lady, is to stay out of the rooms of the maze, for they are traps.” He stopped at one of the many doors that led from the corridor. “Here we are. You can share a cell with Princess Vitane.”
He opened the door and showed Kiya into a small room with two beds. On one of them a girl sat weeping. She looked up as they entered the room, hope dawning in her tear-stained face. “Has my aunt changed her mind?” she asked.
The guard shook his head. “I am sorry, Princess.” He pushed Kiya forwards. “I have brought you a companion to cheer you up. She seems like a good, brave girl.”
Vitane tried to smile at Kiya but a huge sob racked her body.
“It will soon be time for a meal,” said the guard. “We have prepared a specially nice one.” He didn’t add – as it will be your last – but the unspoken assumption hung in the air.
“I’m not hungry,” said Vitane.
“I am,” said Kiya. Now that she no longer felt seasick her stomach was telling her that it had been more than a day since she had eaten.
“Good girl,” said the guard. He left the room, closing the door behind him. There was the sound of a bolt being drawn. Vitane dried her tears. She was a pretty girl, even though her eyes were red and puffy with weeping. Her hair was in glossy black ringlets, and her skin was pale. When she rose to her feet to greet Kiya, she revealed a small but curvaceous figure that was enhanced by the clinched leather belt around her waist.
“Hello, I’m Vitane,” she said.
“I am called Kiya.” They shook hands. “The guard said you are a princess,” said Kiya.
Vitane nodded. “My father is the ruler of Phaistos and is a cousin of the Queen. There was a battle over who should rule the south of the island. Phaistos lost and my father signed a treaty. I was chosen to be a hostage and live at Knossos as a token of my father’s good faith.”
She sat down on the bed with a sigh. “My father had many daughters and I was honoured to be chosen. I thought my father loved me best to entrust me with such a task. I now realise that he always planned to break the treaty and I was the one he found easiest to sacrifice.” Tears were pouring down her cheeks again and Kiya sat beside her and put an arm around her shoulders.
“Don’t cry, Vitane,” she said. “You cannot be sure that your father planned to break the treaty, perhaps circumstances forced him to do so. Besides, even if he did plan it, what better way to avoid the Queen’s suspicions than to give his favourite daughter as a sacrifice? He is probably as miserable as you are.”
Vitane stopped crying. “I had not thought about it that way,” she said.
“He might be planning to rescue you even now,” said Kiya.
“Really? Do you think so?” Vitane gazed at her with shining eyes. “Do you think he really loves me?”
“I am sure he does,” said Kiya and wondered what father would knowingly sacrifice such a loving daughter.
The door opened and the guard came in with a tray laden with food. He placed it on a small table between the two beds. “Eat well,” he said.
“I think I might be hungry after all,” said Vitane.
The guard smiled at her. “Are you feeling better, Princess?”
“Much better,” said Vitane, “thanks to my new friend, Kiya.”
The guard flashed Kiya a grateful look and left the room. The smell of cooked fish filled the air and Kiya regarded the meal with interest. There were strange shellfish she didn’t recognise, animals that looked like bunches of suckered tentacles, and a stew with floating fish heads. Even her ravenous appetite quailed at such unfamiliar fare.
Vitane tucked in enthusiastically and Kiya followed her example. The shell fish were quite nice but had a tang of the sea about them. The tentacles were too chewy. The stew was delicious and there was also grilled fish.
As the plates emptied they revealed pictures on the pottery. Many were of sea images – shells, seaweed and smiling fish. One was of a bull with a girl somersaulting over its horns.
“That is what we will be doing tomorrow,” said Vitane. “If we are lucky enough to escape the Maze of the Minotaur.”
“Tell me about the Minotaur. Is he a monster or a god?” asked Kiya.
“Do you not know?” Vitane looked at Kiya in amazement. “He is a monster, a crazed slayer who eats human flesh.”
“Is he intelligent?” asked Kiya.
“What?” Vitane was puzzled by her question.
“Is he like a human, can one converse with him?”
“Of course not. He is an animal, a monster.”
“How long has the Minotaur been here in Crete?” Kiya asked.
“Many generations. He swam in from the sea as a gift from the gods and he has been kept in the maze ever since. He craves human flesh and so once a year he is allowed to satisfy his desire with the Ceremony of Sacrifice. I have watched, but I never thought it would happen to me.”
“What? You watched him kill and eat people?” Kiya was horrified.
“What is wrong?” said Vitane. “We all watch. The day of the Ceremony is a public holiday. The maze is set into a terrace and there are tiers of seats all around. It is very exciting. We bet on which girls are going to make it through the maze without the Minotaur catching them.”
Kiya felt more hopeful. “You mean it is possible to escape from the maze?”
“Oh yes,” said Vitane. “The Minotaur does not kill everyone. Usually, a few get through and then dance with one of the sacred bulls in the central arena.”
“Are the girls given their freedom after that?” asked Kiya.
Vitane’s pearly brow wrinkled in thought. “It might happen, but I cannot remember it. Last year the dancers all tired and were gored by the bull.”
It seemed like a poor choice of death to Kiya.
Evening was coming. The slanted rays of the sun had a rosy tinge as they shone through the grating above their heads. There was a knock on the door and the guard came in to collect the tray.
“You have eaten well,” he said.
“Please thank the cook for a delicious meal,” said Vitane.
The man bowed. “She will be pleased, Princess.”
“And thank you, Duripi, for finding me a friend. I will not fear death with Kiya by my side.”
The man bowed again and left the room.
“That was a brave thing to say,” said Kiya.
“I am feeling brave,” said Vitane. “I am sure that my father will come and rescue me.” She went over to her bed and lay on her back looking up at the grating. “I will stay awake all night and wait for him.”
Slowly the light faded and the room became dark. Kiya lay on her bed and listened to Vitane’s breathing become deeper and more rhythmic until they both slept.

Chapter Sixty Six: The Maze
The next morning Vitane was crying again.
“Cheer up,” said Kiya as she woke to the sound of sobs.
“Father did not come and rescue us,” wailed Vitane, “and now it is too late.”
“Then we must be as brave as possible,” said Kiya.
“I don’t want to be brave,” wept Vitane. “I want to be saved.”
She was sitting on the side of the bed with her head in her hands. Kiya went over and sat beside her.
“Don’t cry, Vitane.” She rubbed the girl’s shoulders comfortingly. “All mortals have to die sometime. We cannot dictate how we will leave this life, but we can choose the manner of our passing. You want your father to be proud of you?” Vitane nodded. “Then die bravely and with dignity.”
“I will try,” said Vitane and stopped sobbing.
“Together we can get through the maze and then we will give them the best bull dance they have ever seen. How do you do it, by the way?”
“You wait until the bull charges, then you run towards it and jump as high as you can. The speed of the bull should make it pass under you.”
“Is that all? I thought you were meant to somersault over its horns,” said Kiya.
Despite her distress, Vitane managed a smile. “Oh no, only professional dancers do that – it’s going to be hard enough for us to do the jumping. Remember to keep to the middle of the arena so the bull charges with enough speed. If it runs too slowly you may land on its back.”
There was a knock on the door and the guard entered with a tray. “Good morning ladies,” he said and put the tray on the table. “Here is your breakfast. How are you feeling, Princess?”
Vitane’s face bore traces of tears but she smiled at him bravely. “Well, thank you, Duripi. Will you be watching the ceremony?”
He looked embarrassed and said. “I usually do.”
“Then Kiya and I will make you proud of us,” she said.
“I am proud of you already,” Duripi said and left the room with a bow.
“What a nice man,” said Kiya as she helped herself to porridge. There was a dish of spiced pears on the tray. Vitane added some to her porridge and so Kiya did the same. The combination was pleasant enough but Kiya yearned for the honeyed porridge she had at home.
After breakfast, they were taken to the wash room and then back to their cell for the long wait before they were summoned to the ceremony. Kiya learned about Vitane’s childhood in the palace of Phaistos. How she swam with the smiling fish and played on the beach with her many brothers and sisters. It was an idyllic life and as Vitane spoke her eyes shone and she became happy with her memories.
Kiya let her friend prattle on, knowing that reliving her life was a distraction from the challenge that lay before them. She must have heard about Vitane’s collection of seashells three times before there was a knock on the door.
“It is time to go,” said the guard, Duripi.
He led them down the corridor and then along several more. Vitane slid an arm around Kiya’s waist and leant against her as they walked. Kiya could feel her tremble and returned her embrace. They stopped in front of a decorated wall.
“We will wait here for the others,” said Duripi.
Kiya looked at the wall. Painted on it was a strange design resembling half a wheel. A complex pattern of lines and squares ran around the border of the semicircle but the inside, where the axle of a wheel might be, was blank. Kiya realised that she was looking at a map of the maze. Had Duripi led them here so they could see it? She glanced at the guard, but he was looking in another direction.
Kiya returned to the map. There a single entrance to the maze, but multiple exits into the central arena. She tried to remember a way through the interlacing corridors and little rooms. She could see that the rooms were traps. Once in, there was no way out except though the entry point. They must stick to the corridors and always try to head in the direction of the arena.
Kiya looked at her friend, but Vitane had not recognised the significance of the wall decoration and was gazing down the corridor. “Here come the others,” she said.
Four girls were walking towards them accompanied by guards. One was a tall, blonde Aegean-looking girl, another was a Hittite with dark eyes and a long nose. The other two looked Egyptian and, when Kiya spoke to them, they confirmed that they had been captured from Gesem.
There was no time for further conversation as they were escorted down the corridor and stopped at a great barred gateway beyond which they could hear the roar of a crowd.
“Good luck,” said Duripi.
The gates were swung open, the girls were pushed through and the gates clanged shut behind them.
Kiya blinked in the brilliant sunshine and saw that they were standing in an anteroom from which led many corridors. There was no roof - the entire maze was open to the sky. Dark shadows inside the corridors made it difficult to see what might be lurking. Kiya lifted her head to smell the ka of the Minotaur. The rank aroma of silage wafted down one of the corridors. He was coming their way.
“Run,” she shouted. She hitched up her shift, grabbed Vitane’s hand, and raced down another corridor. The crowd roared. Kiya looked up and saw a multitude of people sitting in tiers upon the terrace above her.
“Let us hide in here,” said Vitane, pointing to a little room.
“No, we must keep running,” said Kiya.
They came to an intersection and Kiya hesitated, which way to go? She looked behind her, but there was nobody there. She thought the other girls would follow her and wondered where they had gone. She did not have to wonder long. There was a scream of blood-curdling terror and the crowd rose to its feet cheering. The Minotaur had claimed its first victim.
Kiya desperately tried to remember the diagram of the maze. The only way out was to reach the central arena but which of the two corridors led in the right direction? She chose one but soon realised that she had chosen badly. The corridor turned two corners, and they were heading back in the direction they had come. Ahead of them lay a T-junction. Kiya caught a whiff of silage and held out her hand to stop Vitane.
“Shhh,” Kiya cautioned her friend to silence and pulled her back into the shadow of the wall. A figure stalked past the entrance of their corridor. It was the Minotaur. He stared straight ahead, his eyes fixed on something beyond their view.
The monster’s powerful body was that of a man but he moved with a strange, mincing gate, like an animal forced to walk upon its hind legs. His bull head had no neck but merged with muscular shoulders, so he appeared hunched.
“Wait here,” Kiya whispered to Vitane.
The girl looked at her with frightened eyes. “Why? Where are you going?”
“I am going to try to talk with him,” said Kiya and hurried towards the junction.
“No! Don’t leave me!” Vitane cried, but she made no attempt to follow.
Kiya looked in the direction the Minotaur had gone and saw that the corridor ended in a wall, where the path took a right angle. One of the Egyptian girls stood, pressed against the wall, and stared at the approaching Minotaur, her eyes round and her jaw slack with terror.
“Hey!” shouted Kiya. The Minotaur stopped. Above their heads the crowd became silent. “I am Kiya. I think you must be one of the immortals.”
Slowly the Minotaur turned and faced her. Kiya stared at him, horrified to see that he hefted a huge, double-headed axe.
“Er, I’m a friend of Hathor. You might know her. She is part cow. I am sure she would love to meet you.”
The Minotaur stared at her without a glimmer of understanding and Kiya realised that he was devoid of humanity. Behind him the girl did not try to escape but slumped down against the wall, half-fainting in her fear.
“Run,” Kiya called out to her. The Minotaur roared, revealing the teeth of a carnivore, but still he hesitated, his meagre brain unable to decide which girl to pursue.
“Would you like to go back to the gold mine in Nubia?” asked Kiya in one last desperate attempt to connect with him. “I’m sure your friends are missing you.”
The Minotaur roared again and this time he raised his axe and took a step towards her. Kiya turned and fled.
As she passed Vitane she grabbed her hand and pulled the terrified girl after her. The Minotaur did not follow. He must have returned to his original prey for seconds later they heard the crunch of an axe hitting a skull. The crowd roared with excitement and Kiya knew the Minotaur had claimed his second victim.

Chapter Sixty Seven: More Victims
Kiya and Vitane fled through corridor after corridor. They passed a room and Kiya saw movement. She pulled Vitane to a halt. “There’s someone in there!”
“It’s probably that monster,” quavered Vitane.
“No, don’t worry, I would be able to smell him.” Kiya looked into the room and saw the Aegean girl huddled beside the doorway. “Come with us,” she commanded.
“No, I am safer here,” said the girl.
“The Minotaur is bound to find you.”
“No, he isn’t. I’ll stay hidden until nightfall, then I can escape.”
“Your plan won’t work,” said Kiya.
“Yes it will - if you stop talking to me,” said the girl. “Go away!”
She looked so angry that Kiya knew she had no hope of saving her. “Good luck,” she said and returned to Vitane.
The two of them became lost. At one point they heard the crowd roar and knew that the Minotaur had struck again. The corridor they were running down looked familiar and Kiya wondered if they were retracing their steps. Her suspicions were proved right when they approached a room and a whiff of silage assailed Kiya’s nose. She held out her hand to stop Vitane and peered into the room. With dismay she saw the Minotaur bent over the Aegean girl. He didn’t notice Kiya as he was busy disembowelling the corpse, pulling out yards of intestine and discarding them in a pile. Kiya almost retched at the stench of blood and body fluids soaking into the sand. The monster rummaged up under the ribs and, with a grunt of satisfaction, pulled out the liver and raised it to his mouth.
Kiya turned away from the hideous butchery and with a renewed determination to escape the maze she fled back down the corridor.
“What happened? What was in that room?” panted Vitane as she ran after her.
“It is best that you do not know,” said Kiya.
They reached a junction and instead of choosing blindly, Kiya looked up at the surrounding crowd. Most were watching the demise of the Aegean girl, but a few were looking in her direction and one pointed vigorously. Could it be Duripi? He was too far away for her to recognise, but she obeyed the gestured instruction. The corridor she chose turned a corner and in front of her was an opening beyond which she saw the wide expanse of the arena. They were safe.
The crowd cheered as Kiya and Vitane emerged from the maze. Kiya raised a hand in acknowledgement and the cheers increased. After the darkness of the shadowy corridors the sun-baked sand of the arena was blinding and it took Kiya a few moments to adjust her eyes to the glare.
What she saw made her realised that they had exchanged one danger for another. A massive black bull stood at the far end of the arena. It glared at them and pawed the ground, angry at the presence of intruders.
“Quick,” said Vitane. “We must get to the centre.”
Kiya followed her friend towards the bull, although every instinct screamed for her to run in the opposite direction.
“Remember, run towards it and jump as high as you can,” said Vitane, showing an unexpected ability to take control. “We must separate so it has two targets to aim for.”
“Good luck, Vitane,” said Kiya as she took a position several feet away from her friend.
“We are going to need it,” said Vitane.
The bull bellowed and ran towards them with its head lowered. Vitane flapped her arms and the bull veered towards her. Kiya stood paralysed and watched the animal charge, its horns as sharp as daggers.
Vitane sprinted towards it and then, when it was almost upon her she jumped high into the air. The animal ran beneath her and she landed safely on the ground behind it. The crowd cheered.
The momentum of the bull carried it to the other side of the arena, where it turned baffled and enraged. It shook its head then lowered it once more. In the meantime Kiya realised that her long shift would prevent her jumping high enough. She swiftly undid the shoulder straps, stepped out of it and kicked it away. The crowd roared its appreciation as she stood naked in the arena.
The bull charged straight at Kiya. Copying Vitane’s example she ran towards it, the golden armlet bouncing against her breasts.
“Goodbye Dennu, I always loved you,” she thought, and then she jumped.
Kiya misjudged her distance and leapt into the air too soon. She descended not onto the sand, but onto the bull’s back. For a few seconds she crouched, her knees on either side of its spine. Desperately she tried to clutch the animals sweaty haunches but it bucked her off and she crashed to the ground.
She lay stunned, the excited roar of the crowd in her ears.
“Get up, Kiya,” screamed Vitane, but Kiya couldn’t move.
She heard the thud of the bull’s hooves as it ran towards her for the final goring. It stood over her, blocking out the sun. A dribbled of slimy saliva fell onto her face as she waited for the agony of its horns.
Nothing happened. She looked up and saw that the bull’s attention had been distracted by something at the edge of the arena. She turned her head and saw that the Hittite girl had emerged from the maze. Behind her came the Minotaur.
The bull snorted, enraged at the appearance of the monster. Without a second’s hesitation he turned from Kiya and charged. The Minotaur roared in frustration and ran back into the maze.
Soft hands helped Kiya to her feet. “Are you hurt?” asked Vitane.
“I’m just winded,” said Kiya.
“You jumped too soon.”
“I know. A bit more practice and I should get good at this.” Kiya tried to smile but was too shaken by her ordeal.
She was expecting the bull to renew its attack but it was reluctant to leave the opening through which the Minotaur had vanished. It bellowed and pawed the ground and stared into the corridor as if expecting the monster to emerge at any moment.
The Hittite girl was creeping around the edge of the arena. Kiya beckoned her to join them but she shook her head, reached another opening and disappeared back into the maze.
“Look out. Its charging!” shouted Vitane.
Kiya turned and saw an avalanche of bone and muscle bearing down upon her. At the last possible moment she ran towards the bull and leaped high into the air. The bull ran beneath her and she landed on the ground behind it. The crowd cheered and Kiya waved.
Vitane jumped next and the crowd cheered again. This is almost fun, thought Kiya, but she knew that they would tire more quickly than the bull. From the maze behind them came the sound of screaming. The Minotaur must have caught the Hittite girl, thought Kiya. It did not sound as if she had been killed quickly with his axe, like the others. The volume of screams intensified. They unsettled the bull who stood at the side of the arena, with its head high and its eyes rolling.
Kiya looked up at the silent crowd. Some of them had turned away or hidden their eyes. Others were leaning forwards and staring into the maze with ghoulish interest. The screams stopped and in the silence that followed, a large door in the flat wall of the arena opened.
What new challenge is this? thought Kiya as she watched guards run in. A group of men surrounded the bull. One roped its nose ring and the animal was led away from the arena. People in the crowd started to boo.
Kiya hurriedly found her shift and stepped into it as a guard approached her and Vitane. He bowed and said, “The Queen would like to speak with you.”

Chapter Sixty Eight: The Queen
Before she left the arena, Kiya paused to wave at the crowd. The response was a mixture of cheers and booing. Vitane followed her example and the cheering intensified. Her new friend was popular in the kingdom, thought Kiya, and wondered if that boded good or ill for her.
They were escorted down a wide corridor past a bull pen in which their old adversary stood, head bowed and sweat steaming from its body.
“What has happened?” said Vitane. “Has my father relented? Are we to be set free?” The guards who were walking on either side of them did not reply.
They climbed a wide flight of steps at the top of which was a hall. As they entered the hall Kiya saw that an entire wall was missing and in its place was a row of columns beyond which was the terrace. Crowds of people swarmed upon the terrace, some were looking upwards and waving, others were talking and laughing. Beyond them were tiers of seats in which many of the audience still sat.
Another flight of stairs led to the throne room. The sound of tinkling water came from a small, raised pool with a fountain, which cooled and freshened the air. All around, the walls were decorated with brightly coloured friezes.
A woman stood with her back to them on a wide balcony, waving to the crowds below. She was wearing a dress with short sleeves, a tightly-fitted waist and a long skirt with many flounces. When she turned to acknowledge them Kiya saw that the neckline of her dress plunged to her navel and revealed breasts with rouged nipples. Her face was made up to resemble a doll, with heavily kohled eyes and circular patches of rouge on her cheeks. The artifice of her make up made it difficult to gauge her age, but Kiya reckoned she was in her thirties.
“Hello, Vitane,” said the woman.
“Hello, your Majesty,” said Vitane and bowed low. Kiya understood that this must be the Queen and also bowed.
“You gave us a good show this afternoon,” said the Queen. “I did not know you had it in you, child. It takes courage to dance with a bull.”
“Am I to be set free?” said Vitane eagerly. “Can I go home?”
The Queen shook her head. “I am sorry, Vitane. You are a hostage, held as a guarantee of good faith. Your father has failed to honour our treaty and so you cannot be returned. I must admit, that by surviving the sacrifice you present me with a problem.”
“Have pity on me, Aunt.”
The Queen frowned. “I pity you, Vitane, but the affairs of state cannot be run on emotion. Take her away.” She waved her hand and two soldiers stepped forwards. They escorted Vitane out of the room and Kiya was pleased to see that she managed to walk with dignity, her head held high.
“What will happen to her?” Kiya asked the Queen.
“You are insolent, slave girl,” said the Queen with a frown. “Give me the armlet you wear around your neck.”
Kiya obediently removed the armlet and handed it to the Queen, who examined it and then raised her head.
“This is my sister’s armlet,” said the Queen. “Where did you get it? If your answer displeases me you will die.”
“It was given to me by Dennu, it belonged to his mother.”
“Dennu? The priest’s son?” Kiya nodded. “Why would he give you such a valuable gift? He should treasure the link with his mother.”
“The link with his mother is in his heart,” said Kiya. “He has become a priest of The Aten. He told me that the bull’s head depicted on the armlet represents the god Apis and so he cannot wear it.”
The Queen stood silently her head bowed as she gazed at the armlet, turning it slowly in her hands. She sighed and looked up, her eyes shining with unshed tears. “It has been a long time,” she said. “At first we hoped that she would tire of her priest and return home. Then we were told she had died in childbirth. All hope vanished at the news, leaving only grief.”
“From what I hear, she could well have died in battle,” said Kiya. “At least she was saved by Massui and lived long enough to give you a fine nephew.”
Her words of comfort were not well received. “I do not need a slave girl to point out the obvious,” said the Queen. She hung the armlet around her neck and Kiya’s heart sank. If she ever got out of this alive, how would she explain to Dennu that she had lost his armlet yet again?
“I believe you were bought from Itaja, the slave master,” said the Queen.
“Yes, your Majesty.”
“I have sent for the companions who were captured with you. You may wait for them to arrive.”
The Queen indicated that Kiya should sit on one of the marble benches that ringed the room and then she went back to the balcony. There was a cheer from the people as she emerged into their view.
Kiya sat and waited and, as she watched the Queen wave, she contemplated the swiftly-changing path of fate. Her life was like the Minotaur’s maze, full of twists and turns. She had thought she would never see Laylos and Huy again, but soon they would be here. She felt increasing excited at the coming reunion.
The noise of the crowd diminished and the palace fell silent. Kiya expected the Queen to leave the balcony, but still she stayed on, no longer waving but seemingly lost in thought. The sound of many footsteps mounting the stairs made the Queen turn and re-enter the room.
Kiya’s heart leapt at the sight of her companions. Huy, Massui and Laylos looked very different from when she had last seen them. Itaja had prepared them well for the slave market. Massui and Huy wore Cretan-style kilts with wide leather belts that clinched their waists and enhanced the breadth of their shoulders. Huy, of course, looked magnificent but so did Massui. His hair had been trimmed and combed. His beard had been shaved revealing a good strong jaw line. He had lost yet more weight and the Cretan outfit suited him.
Laylos wore a short tunic the hem of which she kept tugging as though trying to lengthen it. She looked unhappy but her eyes lit with joy when she saw Kiya. She ran towards her and Kiya rose from the bench to meet her embrace.
“Kiya, my darling. I never thought I would see you again!” Laylos held her tightly and Huy put his arms around them both. “I have heard terrible things about the ceremony. What a miracle you are still alive!”
“Enough!” said the Queen. They all turned to look at her. Kiya bowed low and the others followed her example, all except Massui, who stood staring.
“Zahra!” he exclaimed and took a step towards the Queen.
“I believe you must be Massui the Priest,” said the Queen, pointing an accusing finger at him.
“Zahra!” cried Massui. He took another step forwards and fell onto his knees. “Zahra!” He held out his arms to her, then he bowed his head and started to weep.
“Get up!” said the Queen, but Massui took no notice. His weeping increased until his whole body was shaking with grief. He started to cough in an alarming manner as if he might choke, then Kiya watched in amazement as a large lump of ice emerged from his mouth and fell onto the floor.
“What magic is this?” asked Huy.
“It is a spell, but it is one he has laid upon himself,” said the Queen. “He had not the courage to face his grief when my sister died and so he built a wall of ice around his heart.”
“Forgive me,” cried Massui. “I could not bear to lose you.” He cried so hard that it was as if his tears mingled with the ice that was melting on the floor.
“What of your son?” said the Queen.
“Dennu?” Massui looked up briefly. “I treated him harshly and now I have lost him as well.” The intensity of his grief grew and Kiya’s heart was filled with pity. She stepped forwards to try to comfort him, but the Queen held up a hand to stop her.
“Let him grieve. His tears are long overdue.”
After a while Massui’s sobs diminished and he slowly recovered. He remained kneeling for a while and then he got to his feet. “Forgive me, your Majesty,” he said with a bow. “You reminded me so much of my wife.”
“That is because she was my sister,” said the Queen. A look of realisation crossed his face and, for a long moment, their eyes locked. Then he looked away. “I have much to think about,” said the Queen. “You will remain as my guests in the palace.” She waved her hand and soldiers came forwards to escort them away.

Chapter Sixty Nine: Ana
Kiya noticed that despite being no longer prisoners but guests, the four of them were escorted to their quarters by armed guards. The room they were shown into was huge and opened to a balcony. On either side were doors and in the middle was a low table surrounded by padded couches.
Huy lay on a couch and helped himself from the bowls of figs and little cakes that were upon the table. “This is the life that suits me,” he said.
“You! You are always eating,” said Laylos. She started to open doors. “I am going to have this bedroom,” she announced.
“So am I,” said Huy.
“But it is a single bed,” protested Laylos.
“Then I will have to sleep on top of you,” said Huy. “Actually, that is not a bad idea. The sight of those legs is enough to inflame any man.” He gave a lecherous wink that sent Laylos scurrying to open more doors in the hopes of finding a wider bed.
Massui went out onto the balcony and stood staring at the view. Kiya joined him. She could see right down to the harbour and beyond, to where the blue of the sea merged into the blue of the sky. The road up which they had travelled was almost invisible beneath the spreading branches of olive trees.
“How are you, Massui?” Kiya asked.
He ignored her question but continued to gaze into the distance. “Crete is beautiful,” he sighed.
“Come and eat something,” said Kiya.
“In a while.”
She left him to his thoughts and joined Huy and Laylos at the table.
“At least the beds seem comfortable,” said Laylos. “I’ve hardly slept a wink since we left the Bedouin. First a night on the floor of my hut, scared that at any moment we might be discovered by swamp men. Then a night on that dreadful boat. Then a sleepless night worrying about what was happening to you, Kiya.”
Massui came and joined them, brushing away traces of tears from his cheeks. He surveyed the table and picked up a wine jug. “Anyone else for wine? I reckon we deserve a celebration after all we have been through.” They all held up goblets and he filled them. “Here is to a better future,” he said.
Kiya drank and was amazed at the change in the priest. A jovial Massui? It seemed inconceivable. He took a bite from one of the little cakes and waved the rest in the air. “This is delicious. It reminds me of the picnics Zahra and I used to enjoy. She liked these little cinnamon cakes.”
“I hear that she was very beautiful,” said Kiya.
Massui’s eyes misted over as he remembered his wife. “Zahra was the most beautiful creature ever seen. Her waist was so slender I could almost clasp it between my hands. Her hair shone like moonbeams. I only had to see her and the cares of state vanished filling my soul with happiness.”
“Those were good days,” said Laylos.
Massui nodded. “When Dennu was born our happiness was complete. We both loved him so much. The birth had been easy and we had no fears when Zahra became pregnant again. But when the time of birthing came, the baby would not leave her womb. For days she was in childbirth, gradually becoming weaker. On the final day she raised her splendid eyes and said, ‘Please save me, Massui. I don’t want to leave you.’ Those were her last words.”
Carefully he put the goblet back on the table and then he buried his head in his hands. “I could not save her.” His voice was muffled. “I could not even grieve when she died, I was a coward and closed my mind to the pain.”
They waited while he composed himself. Kiya wanted to offer words of sympathy but anything she could say seemed inadequate against the enormity of his sorrow.
Massui looked up again. “I filled in the lake, I dismissed the orchestra, I turned my back on my friends. I banished everything that would bring back memories of her. Only Dennu remained and I shut my heart to him. Poor boy, my treatment of him is my deepest regret.”
There was a knock on the door and a guard entered. “The Queen commands an audience with you,” he said, pointing to Massui.
“With me?” Massui got to his feet and turned to the others. “Wish me luck,” he said and was escorted from the room.
They ate and drank and discussed what the queen might want with Massui, then Kiya yawned. “All the excitement has exhausted me,” she said and stretched out on one of the couches.
“Me too,” said Laylos.
“Why don’t you come and take a nap on that comfortable bed you found for us,” said Huy.
Vaguely, Kiya heard her aunt trying to find excuses to rest on a couch and then she drifted into unconsciousness.
Kiya must have slept deeply for it was dusk when she was woken by a knock on the door. She sat up, expecting the return of Massui but, when the door opened, a girl entered followed by three servants bearing laden trays.
“I have brought you dinner,” she said.
“Had we better wait for Massui?” asked Huy, emerging from a bedroom.
“That will not be necessary,” said the girl. “Your companion is dining with my mother.”
Laylos followed Huy into the main room. “Your mother is the Queen?” she asked.
“Yes,” said the girl. She indicated to servants to lay the trays on the table. “I am Princess Ana. I hope you enjoy your meal.”
Kiya looked at the girl with keener interest. She was about fifteen years old and had a tall, athletic figure. Her face was autocratic, with a straight Grecian nose and a mouth that was too thin for beauty. She looked more formidable than Vitane.
Unusual scents rose from the tray in front of Kiya and she bent to study the different dishes. There was soup, salad with onion rings, fish and curled pink creatures with many legs.
“These look strange,” said Huy. He picked up one of the pink creatures, popped it into his mouth and chewed. Seconds later he was spluttering and spitting out legs and bits of shell. “The horrible thing tried to choke me,” he cried and reached for his goblet.
Princess Ana hurried to his side. “Don’t put shrimps whole into your mouth. You have to peel them first.” Nimbly she tore the head off and put it in the tray, then she split the body in two and pulled out a morsel of flesh.
“Is that maggot all you get for your trouble?” said Huy. “It is not worth the effort.” He brushed it aside and reached for the fish. “I am grateful for your hospitality but I would rather it was proper meat.”
“There will be plenty of steak tomorrow when we kill one of the sacred bulls for the crowning ceremony,” said Ana.
Huy brightened. “What crowning ceremony?”
“Your friend, Massui has been honoured,” said the girl. “The Queen has chosen him to be her consort. Tomorrow he will be crowned.”
“That is wonderful,” said Kiya. She could hardly comprehend the change in Massui’s fortunes, from half-crazed fugitive to King.
“He is a fortunate man indeed,” said Ana. “My father was the first King to be chosen by my mother. He was a hero from Greece, who came to Crete hoping to slay the Minotaur. His name was Cromar and he was very handsome. My mother was a young queen of about my age. She fell in love with him and they married. For three years they were very happy and then there was a poor harvest and my father was sacrificed.”
“What?” Kiya stared at her in shocked surprise. “Is that what will happen to Massui?”
“Eventually,” said the girl.
“How is the King sacrificed?” asked Huy.
“He jumps from the tall cliffs,” said Ana. “They say my father leapt high and spread out his arms as if he was flying. Although his body could be seen on the rocks below, some believe they saw him fly away into the sun. He is revered as a demigod and his name is carved into the marble of the hall of fame.” She spoke with pride and showed not a hint of grief at the death of her father.
“But if your mother loved him, how could she let him kill himself?” said Laylos.
“There have been other Kings since my father,” said the girl. “My mother grieves bitterly at the loss of each one. But her duty is to the people and so she recovers, takes another husband and when the time comes she faces her bereavement bravely.”
“What about you?” said Kiya. “Surely you must miss your father?”
The girl shrugged. “I have had many fathers and when I am Queen I will have many husbands.” She clapped her hands and the servants, who had been waiting quietly in the corner of the room, came forwards and removed the trays. “I wish you a comfortable night,”
“Wait,” said Kiya. “What is going to happen to Vitane?”
Ana frowned. “Princess Vitane is the Queen’s problem and does not concern you.” She led the servants out of the room and the door closed with finality.

Chapter Seventy: Kiya to the Rescue
That night Kiya dreamed she saw Massui swoop down from a cliff top and change into a bird, which flew with lazy wing beats until it disappeared into the haze. She woke determined to warn the priest of his fate.
It was sunrise. There was no sign of Hay and Laylos when she emerged from her bedroom. She wondered if she should wait for them, but decided it might be easier to find Massui on her own. When she descended to the terrace she looked around and saw many balconies. Which one belonged to the Queen’s apartment?
She was standing undecided when she heard footsteps. A guard was approaching. She tensed, then relaxed when she recognised Duripi.
He bowed. “I have been waiting, hoping to see you, Kiya. Vitane is worried about you.”
“Tell her I am fine. My friend is going to be King and we are now guests at the palace.”
“That is good news indeed.” He smiled. “I am very glad for you. You deserve such a fortunate outcome.”
“Thank you,” said Kiya. “What will happen to Vitane?”
“She cannot be sacrificed again because the gods allowed her to survive. She cannot be returned home because her father broke the treaty for which she is hostage. She cannot be executed because only criminals are put to death. I see no alternative but lifelong confinement and for such as Vitane it would be a cruel destiny.”
“Let us pray that the Queen will think of something more appropriate,” said Kiya. “Give Vitane my love. Tell her that I hope to see her again some day.”
“I will.” Duripi bowed and was about to leave when Kiya stopped him.
“Which is the Queen’s balcony?”
Duripi pointed to a row of balconies at the side of the court that faced the rising sun. “Those belong to the Queen,” he said. “But I must warn you that they are out of bounds.”
“I was just curious,” said Kiya.
He gave her a suspicious look but there was a hint of amusement in his eyes. “Avoid trouble, Kiya. The gods have smiled on you so far.”
“Don’t worry about me,” said Kiya with what she hoped was an innocent smile. She waited until Duripi had left and then she turned to study the balconies. One was more magnificent than the others and had a climbing vine twisted around one of its supporting pillars. Kiya decided that this would be her route to Massui.
She hurried to the pillar, hitched up her shift and started to climb. The vine was less robust than she had hoped and slipped downwards instead of supporting her weight. The ascent was difficult - the pillar’s decorative carving was shallow and gave little support to her feet or purchase for her hands. She managed to reach the overhang of the balcony and realised that she could go no further. Kiya clung on and was wondering what to do next, when she heard the sound of footsteps above her. She peered up and saw Massui standing against the balustrade, staring out at the brightening sky. He was wearing a silken robe of a material that was strange to Kiya, it was half open, revealing that beneath it he was naked. Dreamily he scratched his stomach and gazed into the distance.
“Psst!” said Kiya.
The vine slipped and she descended several inches. She looked up again to see Massui’s astonished face staring down at her.
“Kiya? What are you doing here!”
“I have come to rescue you,” she said.
He laughed, a deep joyous sound that must have alerted the Queen, for she emerged from the room behind and stood by his side. She wore a silk robe similar to his and her loose hair was glossy and dark, like that of a young woman. Massui slid an arm around her waist.
“Who are you talking to?” she asked.
“I’m talking to Kiya. She has come to rescue me.”
“Really?” she stared down at Kiya, her expression inscrutable. Then she kissed Massui’s cheek and ran her hand across his chest beneath his robe. “Do you want to be rescued, dear one?”
“Even the mighty Kiya could not tear me from your side, my beloved,” he said.
The Queen turned to re-enter the apartment. She looked back over her shoulder with a flirtatious smile and said, “Do not be long.”
“I’ll be with you in a moment,” said Massui.
“Quick!” said Kiya. “You must flee. You will be sacrificed next time there is a poor harvest.”
“I know,” said Massui.
“You know?” Kiya gaped at him. “And you still want to be King?”
“The Queen has told me everything,” said Massui.
“Then you know that you will be forced to jump over a cliff?”
Massui shook his head. “Force does not come into it. A King must sacrifice himself willingly and that is what I will do.”
“I don’t want you to die,” said Kiya. She had become fond of Massui and she felt tears of frustration at being unable to save him.
“Bless you, Kiya. You are a good girl and I have been thinking about what you asked of me. You wanted to know if Seth ever gave a hint about where the ka of Osiris is hidden. There is a little song he sang, it seemed to amuse him. I only heard it briefly but it went something like this:
She seeks him near, she seeks him far,
She searches for her husband’s ka.
One in a million it will be,
Underneath her favourite tree.”
“Thank you,” said Kiya. The vine slipped another few inches and she stretched out a hand to him. “Can you help me up onto the balcony?”
“No!” said Massui and turned and went back into the apartment. The vine slipped again and Kiya slid down the pillar in a shower of leaves and broken tendrils.
“Ouch!” she hobbled back to the apartment rubbing her bruises.
Huy and Laylos were having breakfast. They looked up as she entered and Huy’s eyebrows raised in surprise. “Where have you been?” he asked.
“We thought you were having a lie-in,” said Laylos.
“I have been to rescue Massui,” said Kiya. “But he did not want to come.”
Huy laughed. “Poor man. It must have been his worst nightmare, seeing you turn up again. Of course he did not want to come. What man would want to leave such a happy situation?”
“He did not even mind that he would be sacrificed,” said Kiya.
“Knowing Massui, he is already plotting a way of avoiding such a fate,” said Huy.
There was a knock on the door and it opened revealing a court official. “The Queen has commanded an audience with you in her chambers.” Kiya’s heart sank. Was the Queen angry that her balcony had been invaded? It was with a sense of trepidation that she followed the official down airy corridors to the throne room.
“Why does he have to walk so fast!” muttered Laylos as she hurried along beside her.
The three of them bowed to the Queen, who sat on a throne at the far end of the room with Massui by her side on a lower throne. He had a smile on his face so broad that it was almost a grin. Both were still wearing the silken robes they had worn on the balcony.
“Massui tells me you are on a mission,” said the Queen. “We feel that you should continue without delay.”
“Must we miss the feast?” protested Huy.
“I will be sending tribute to your new King to help cement our friendship.” said the Queen, ignoring his interruption. “I hope you will carry favourable reports of Crete. As an example of our good faith I would like you to accept these gifts.” She picked up a sword from the table next to her and gave it to Huy. She then gave a knife to Laylos and a spear to Kiya. “We hope that such weapons will help your mission.”
Kiya gazed at the spear in wonder – it was made of star metal. “This is a magnificent gift, your Majesty,” she said.
“Such a sword would pierce even the hide of a hippopotamus,” said Huy.
“I regret that we have nothing to give you in return, your Majesty,” said Laylos.
The Queen’s hand went to Dennu’s armlet, which she wore on her arm. “You have given me much,” she said, “and I am grateful. Goodbye.”
“Goodbye, your Majesty.” Out of the corner of her eye Kiya could see Laylos and Huy bow as she did. She glanced at Massui, expecting him to bid them farewell, but he ignored her and looked only at the Queen.
“Come with me, please.” The official led them out of the room, downstairs, across the terrace, down other stairs and along dimly-lit corridors. He walked at a swift pace, never looking back and not uttering a word. They reached the entrance to the palace, where a chariot and driver were waiting.
“Your ship is ready to depart,” said the official. “Its captain bears orders for you to be provided with transportation when you reach Egypt.”
“The queen is very kind,” said Kiya.
“Her majesty wishes to please her new husband.” There was a coldness about him that Kiya disliked. Without bidding him goodbye, she got up onto the chariot. The others joined her and they were soon heading down the smooth, straight road to the harbour.

Chapter Seventy One: Back to Egypt
When they reached the harbour, the chariot drove along a row of anchored ships and stopped beside one that looked familiar.
“Hoi, you three, hurry up!” Kiya looked up at the man who shouted and recognised the captain of the slave ship. He beckoned from the deck of his boat. “I’ve been waiting for you. You want to go to Egypt. Yes?”
Kiya’s heart sank. The memory of the trip to the island was still vivid. She dismounted from the chariot, thanked the driver, and followed Huy and Laylos up the gangplank. The ship looked very different. The decks had been scrubbed and the awning furled - only the rows of benches and shackles revealed the boat’s true nature.
The Captain did not recognise them as the miserable slaves he had so recently transported. He treated them with as much respect as tardy passengers could expect. “Make yourselves comfortable. Have you brought luggage? No?” He looked surprised. “Never mind, we can provide you with refreshment on the journey.”
“That is kind of you,” said Huy.
The man shrugged. “It is the Queen’s wish that you are looked after.”
Kiya sat beside Huy and Laylos on the deck and watched the crew untie the boat from the quay and raise the sail.
“I am glad we are returning safely to Egypt,” said Laylos. “But we are no nearer completing your mission.”
“Massui did give me one clue,” said Kiya. “He recited a poem that Seth found amusing. She seeks him near, she seeks him far, she’s looking for Osiris’s ka. One of a million it will be, hiding under her favourite tree.’”
“The ‘she’ in the song must mean Isis,” said Laylos. “But one of a million what?”
“A tree will produce a million seeds,” said Kiya. “ But there are a million trees in Egypt - which one is her favourite?”
“I once met a man who had been to the temple of Isis on the island of Ptah-Tchay,” said Laylos. “He said there was a huge acacia tree growing beside the temple.”
“Why should it be that tree? Isis has dozens of temples,” said Huy.
Laylos shrugged. “It’s somewhere to start.”
Kiya stared across the water as they navigated along the shoreline. “How many temples? how many trees? She felt daunted by the task ahead of them.
Crete rose from the sea like the top of a mountain range and as they sailed along its coast Kiya’s mind turned to the wonders she had seen there.
“Why is Crete so wealthy?” she asked, fingering the priceless star-metal spear she had been given by the Queen.
“It is a centre of trade,” said Laylos. “Goods are brought here from all over the world and sent on at a profit. I wish we had been given time to go shopping in the market. Did you see those robes that Massui and the Queen were wearing? I think they are made from silk. It comes from a worm, which is found only in the Orient.”
“A worm?” said Kiya. “Perhaps I don’t want such a robe after all.”
They were leaving the shelter of the island and heading out to sea. Kiya expected to feel queasy but the water was calm and the fresh air of the open deck settled her stomach. She was able to look with interest at the dark shapes which swooped in and out of the boat’s bow wave. One of them raised its head and she recognised a smiling fish.
“Where is Huy?” asked Kiya, looking round for her uncle. “He should see these fish.”
“He has gone to visit the Captain in his cabin,” said Laylos. “They are drinking beer and playing Senet.”
Kiya looked at the leather hut that served as the Captain’s cabin. The sound of laughter emerged from its dark interior. “Let us hope we are not the prizes,” she joked.
“Hrrumph,” said Laylos.
Later that day the Captain allowed them to share the crew’s rations. Kiya ate salted beef and flat-baked bread and drank beer. Back on the island they would be feasting in honour of Massui, their new King, she thought. But she would rather be eating humble fare and on the way home to Egypt.
That night Kiya lay on the deck under the stars. She was getting used to the swaying of the boat but she slept fitfully. At dawn she woke and lay on her back staring up at the blue-grey sky. A seagull was following the ship. It became hidden by a high cloud and she realised that it was no seagull but a bird of enormous size. Scarcely breathing she watched it emerge from behind the cloud and swoop downwards. As it passed low over the boat, Kiya saw that each of its wings was like a ship’s sail and the eyes that stared at her were as big as serving dishes. For a terrified moment she thought it was attacking, but it veered away with a beating of its wings. The downdraft from those mighty pinions rocked the boat and Kiya released her pent-up breath with a gasp.
She sat up and watched the great, white bird fly towards Egypt until it was a dot on the horizon. It must have been a roc, an eagle so huge that it could pluck an antelope from the desert – or a man from the deck of a ship! She looked at her companions. Beside her Laylos snored gently. Huy lay next to his wife, one arm across her waist. He too was fast asleep. Kiya resisted an urge to wake them for the crisis had passed and the bird was no longer in sight. She lay down and gradually relaxed until she drifted into sleep. When she woke in the morning she decided that she must have dreamt the roc and did not mention it to anyone.
They arrived in Egypt at the same beach that they had left just days ago. A group of depressed-looking prisoners was waiting on the sand.
While the crew furled the sail and erected the awning, the ship’s captain disembarked and spoke to the leader of the soldiers. They started to argue. Kiya tried to listen but they spoke in Cretan and she couldn’t make out what the disagreement was about. The Captain handed over a scroll, which the leader read. He then shrugged his shoulders and walked away towards an encampment behind the beach.
“He is reluctant to give you a horse and chariot, my friend,” the Captain said to Huy. “He lost one in an ambush the other day and is getting short. I told him that his mission would soon be over, anyway. There are few people left along the coast and it is becoming uneconomical. Who is going to buy those two?”
He indicated two prisoners, much shorter than the rest, with bowed spines and spindly legs. Kiya stared at them with a shiver of revulsion. They were naked and covered in grey mud. When they saw they were being pointed at they snarled, showing dagger-like teeth.
“They look more like animals than men,” said the Captain.
“They are swamp men,” breathed Laylos with a mixture of fear and loathing. “They say they are cannibals and eat human flesh.”
Kiya’s interest sharpened and she was about examine them more closely, when a chariot pulled up beside her. The driver dismounted and handed the reins of the horse to Huy.
“Good luck with your journey,” said the Captain. “Can you drive one of these, Huy?”
“How difficult can it be?” said Huy.
The Captain laughed. “This I must see.”
Huy mounted the chariot with confidence and indicated to Laylos and Kiya to get up behind him.
“I have a bad feeling about this,” muttered Laylos.
With a clang, Kiya heard the tail gate being shut and looked round to see the Captain’s grinning face as he secured it.
Huy flicked the reins. “Gyup!” he said. The horse twitched its ears and did not move. “Gyup!” said Huy again.
The Captain guffawed and gave the horse a slap on the rump that sent it bounding forwards. Kiya hung on grimly as the horse cantered across the sand. She looked back at the Captain. He was waving goodbye, but she was too terrified to return his gesture.
“Ptah-Tchay, here we come!” cried Huy and he tried to steer the horse towards the road that led from the beach.

Chapter Seventy Two: In the Pit
To Kiya’s relief, the horse had enough sense to leave the beach by the road, rather than drag the chariot through the palms and scrub that bordered the shoreline. Every bump and pothole in the uneven highway jolted her. She wanted to stand in the front beside Huy, where the ride would be smoother, but his arms were flailing like shaduf poles as he tried to control the horse.
“Driving a chariot is easier than I thought,” he said with breath-taking bravado.
“Apart from stopping and starting,” said Laylos.
“And steering,” gasped Kiya as they hit a particularly deep pothole.
“Women!” said Huy with an exaggerated sigh.
They came to a crossroads and the horse cantered straight over. “I hope it knows where we are going,” said Laylos. “I don’t recognise this area at all.”
“Nor do I,” said Huy.” But as long as the sun is ahead of us we are travelling in the right direction.”
After a while there was a fork in the road. “We will take the right-hand road,” said Huy and pulled on the reins. The horse ignored him and went left.
“Hah!” said Laylos disparagingly. The path veered further left and ahead of them was a narrow bridge. “Stop!” yelled Laylos. “You’ll never get the chariot across that!”
Kiya could see Huy’s arm muscles bulge as he hauled upon the reins but the horse took no notice and cantered onto the bridge without slowing. Its hooves thundered hollowly on the rotting boards and the hub of the wheels ground against the wooden posts on either side.
Kiya held her breath, expecting the bridge to collapse under their weight but within a few heartbeats they were safely on the other side.
“That was a near thing,” Kiya said to her aunt but Laylos looked worried.
“We shouldn’t be here,” she said. “We are too far east.” Ahead of them was another branch of the Nile, this time there was no bridge, just a shallow ford. “Stop the chariot, Huy,” yelled Laylos.
Huy tried but to no avail. The horse splashed through the ford, raising waves of water on either side.
“At least we frightened off any crocodiles,” Huy joked.
“Crocodiles?” Laylos sounded angry. “They are the least of our worries. Don’t you know where we are, Huy?”
Ahead of them and to the left Kiya could see a huge expanse of reeds and realised with a chill of dismay that they were approaching the reed sea. A low mist hung over the swamp, its tendrils stretching over the road as if to grasp at those who passed.
“We must turn the chariot around!” cried Laylos.
Huy pulled on the reins and the horse gave a terrified whinny. Kiya looked at the animal. Its ears were laid back and its neck stretched forwards.
“I think the bloody animal can sense something,” said Huy, heaving on the reins again. “There is no stopping him.” As if in response, the horse reared up and bolted.
Kiya clung to the rocking chariot, fearing that they were going to capsize. For long moments they pitched and tossed behind the panicked animal and then the ground vanished from beneath them and they plunged downwards.
The jarring shock of their fall left Kiya stunned. She gradually recovered her senses and realised that she was lying in a pit under the flickering shadow of a rotating chariot wheel. She listened to Huy call Laylos’s name. Her aunt answered and she knew they were both still alive. There was no sound or movement from the horse and Kiya saw that its head lay against the wall of the pit at an unnatural angle. Its glazed eyes stared unseeingly and a trickle of blood ran from its mouth – its neck had been broken by the fall. The unfortunate animal had served them better in death than in life, thought Kiya, for its body had been a cushion upon which they had landed.
“Are you hurt, Kiya?” called her aunt.
“I am fine.” She felt her limbs - nothing was broken. “What about you?”
“Just bruised.”
“And I have got a nasty cut on my forehead, in case anyone is interested,” said Huy.
A jabbering sound came from above. Kiya looked up and saw the hideous face of a swamp man looking down at them. His grin revealed sharpened teeth and his lips were red against the grey mud that coated his face. Kiya sniffed the air but could smell only the foetid stink of swamp mud and sweat. The creature was not a true monster, just a monstrous human.
Huy brandished his sword. The pit was too deep for him to reach the creature but the swamp man withdrew.
“I fear he has gone to fetch his friends,” said Huy. “We could beat the savages easily in a fair fight but while we are in the pit all they have to do is throw spears down at us.”
“Then let us get out,” said Laylos.
“The only way is to use the chariot as a ladder,” said Huy. “We must unharness the horse so we can move it.”
Kiya hurried to help. Being the smallest, she had to reach beneath the horse’s cooling body and try to release the harness. It was a fiddly business as space was cramped and she was unfamiliar with the buckles and straps.
“Be quick. Please be quick,” urged Laylos. “Those brutes will be back at any moment.”
At last the chariot was free and Kiya helped the others prop it against the wall. Huy scrambled up and poked his head out of the pit. He hurriedly ducked down again.
“We are too late, there are hordes of them. Quick, get under the chariot.”
They managed to crawl to safety before the first spears were hurled down, bouncing harmlessly off the wooden base of their hiding place.
“How long can we survive without food or water?” said Laylos.
“We could eat the horse,” suggested Huy. “I hear that raw liver is very nutritious.”
“Don’t be disgusting,” said Laylos.
“Actually, it probably won’t come to that,” said Huy. “If they think to use fire they could burn us out.”
Kiya could see no way to escape their predicament. She took hold of her spear. If only she could leave the pit she could fight the repulsive creatures but she was trapped. One thing was certain, she would die rather than be captured.
She heard the thud of more spears hitting the chariot and then a jabbering. Would any of the swamp men be brave enough to descend into the pit? Kiya hefted her spear and hoped so. There was silence after that.
“They are probably going to starve us out,” said Laylos.
Huy poked his head out from under the chariot. A spear whistled past his ear and stuck into the ground. He hastily withdrew. “They are still there,” he said.
Kiya stared at the spear. Its shaft was a thick reed stem. Bound to the top were three sharpened bones, their tips carved into barbs. It would take a long time to kill with such a weapon, but the wounds would be terrible.

Chapter Seventy Three: A Frightening Transformation
Above Kiya’s head came a high-pitched scream. Something strange was happening. Kiya heard more shrieks and angry yells. She looked out from under the chariot, ready to pull back quickly if a spear was thrown. There was no sign of waiting swamp men and so Kiya scrambled from their refuge.
“Come back, Kiya!” called her aunt.
“I must see what’s going on!”
Kiya climbed the chariot-ladder to look out over the rim of the pit. Her heart leapt at the sight that greeted her. Anubis was standing on the corpse of a swamp man. He had cast aside his disguise and looked magnificent in a pleated tunic, his head high, his shoulders back and the light of battle in his eyes. In his hands he wielded a huge bronze axe and the muscles of his torso rippled as he swung it around his head. A snarling horde circled him in the wreathing mist, trying to poke him with their spears. One came near enough and he slashed down with his axe. Kiya heard a scream and the man staggered away clutching a nearly severed arm. A spear was thrown and, to Kiya’s horror, it stuck in the god’s side. He turned to face his attacker and another swamp man leapt forwards and ripped out the spear, leaving a jagged wound that poured blood.
“Hurry up, Hathor!” Anubis shouted.
Kiya turned to where Hathor was standing by the side of the road, completely naked. She looked distraught. Anubis’s shout had alerted others to Hathor’s presence and three swamp men broke from the ranks to accost her. They rushed towards her, their spears held high. She gave a cry, which turned into a roar. There was a movement beside Kiya and she spun round to see Huy, who had climbed up to stand by her side. His jaw dropped open in dismay. “By the gods, it is Sekhmet!”
Kiya looked back to where Hathor should be and saw instead a huge lioness. With a fluid movement that was almost too quick for the eye to see, Sekhmet struck at her attackers. One was disembowelled, one had his throat torn out and a third was bitten through the back of the neck as he turned to run.
Sekhmet then attacked the mob that surrounded Anubis, lashing to left and right in an orgy of slaughter. Kiya and Huy looked on in horrified awe as she pursued the survivors into the swamp. There was the sound of distant screams as the carnage continued.
A groan brought her attention back to Anubis, who had collapsed onto the ground. Kiya scrambled out of the pit and ran to kneel down by his side.
“You were magnificent,” she said. “Thank you for saving us.”
“For you I would risk anything, even death itself.” He tried to smile but his face contorted in pain.
“We must tend your wound,” Kiya cried. She turned to where Huy was helping her aunt from the pit. “What should we do? Have you any salve, Laylos?”
Her aunt shook her head, “No, dear, everything was lost when we were captured.”
“Oh, Anubis, I am so sorry.” Kiya bent over the fallen god and cradled him in her arms. His valiant fight had rekindled emotions that she had thought long dead and she felt tears well into her eyes.
He responded by slipping an arm around her waist. Behind them came a roar. Anubis hastily pushed Kiya away and struggled to his feet. “No, Sekhmet! Control yourself. It is time to change back!”
From the swamp mist emerged the lioness, her eyes red and her fangs dripping with blood. She slunk towards Kiya and snarled.
“Stop it!” Anubis thrust Kiya behind him as the lioness rose on her hind legs and slashed at them with extended claws. He took the full force of the Sekhmet’s attack and screamed as the unsheathed daggers raked his flesh. The horrible sound rent the air and caused Sekhmet to back away shaking her head. Seconds later the lioness changed back into Hathor, and stood staring at Anubis as he lay bleeding at her feet.
“You have really hurt me this time, Hathor,” gasped Anubis.
“You should not have been cuddling that woman,” said Hathor sulkily. She turned away from him and went over to the bush to retrieve her shift and cloak.
“We must save him!” cried Kiya. Tears were flowing freely down her cheeks as she gazed at the terrible claw marks across his chest. “Please don’t die, Anubis,” she cried.
His eyes flickered and then closed. “Tell Hathor to hurry,” he said in a voice that was scarcely more than a whisper.
“Hathor? But she was the one who tried to kill you!”
He did not answer and she looked round to where Hathor had finished dressing and was coming towards them.
“Get away from him,” the goddess growled.
“Do something to help,” Kiya cried, appalled by Hathor’s lack of concern.
“I said get away from him!” Hathor seized her shoulders and pushed her roughly to one side.
Kiya sat sprawled on the road and watched Hathor undo a strap of her shift and expose a breast. She then squeezed it towards the nipple until a globule of milk oozed out and dropped onto one of Anubis’s wounds. Where it fell, the bleeding stopped and the edges of the wound started to knit together. More milk was expressed until the whole of the wounded area was covered in healing liquid. Kiya watched in amazement as the deep gashes disappeared leaving only slender silver scars.
“Now, turn over and let me treat the spear wound,” said Hathor. Anubis turned so he was lying on his side and Hathor repeated the magical treatment so even that ripped wound was healed leaving a scar shaped like a star.
“That was amazing,” said Laylos. “I wish I had an ointment that could work so well.”
“Such miracles are for the gods alone,” said Hathor.
Anubis sat up. He looked pale and his hand trembled as he stroked his chest. “The milk of Hathor is wonderful stuff, I am left with nothing to show for my bravery but the scars of battle.”
“They will disappear soon enough,” said Hathor.
“Thank you for healing me, my beloved,” said Anubis turning to Hathor with a smile.
“It is more than you deserve,” said Hathor. “You should know by now not to upset me when I am Sekhmet.”
“We must thank you both for saving our lives,” said Huy. “How did you realise that we were in trouble?”
“The roc has been a look-out for us,” said Anubis. “He told us you had returned from Crete and were heading this way. It is hard to believe you would use the swamp road, where these pits have claimed many victims.”
“We did not choose it, our horse did and has paid the price for its foolishness,” said Huy. He looked around at the corpses of the swamp men. “We must fill in the pit before other travellers are trapped. These bodies can be buried within it.”
“We will waste too much time,” cried Laylos. “What if more swamp men come to attack us?”
“There are none left,” said Hathor with a sigh.
“Poor Hathor,” said Anubis and put an arm around her. He turned to the others. “She hates turning into Sekhmet and always feels guilty afterwards.”
Poor Hathor, indeed! thought Kiya, stung by Anubis’s concern for the goddess. She probably relishes her power. Her healing milk can grow a baby to manhood within a single cycle of seasons and her alter-ego can destroy a battalion. Few could claim such a command over life and death.
“Since we are safe from further attacks, I suggest that we all work together and fill in the pit quickly,” said Huy.
“Do what you must,” Hathor said. “But do not expect me to help. It will upset me too much.”
Anubis nodded sympathetically but Kiya felt more irritated than ever.
“I know you feel awful about killing so many people,” she said. “But perhaps you could help by finding us food and drink.”
Hathor frowned at her. “You mortals! Always thinking about your stomachs.”
“They will function better if fed, my beloved,” said Anubis. “I will stay and help them.”
“Very well,” said Hathor and disappeared.

Chapter Seventy Four: Sobek
Kiya looked at the mangled bodies that surrounded them. Wounds still oozed blood and, where the mud had been dislodged, the skin of the swamp men was as pink as that of any other human being. She felt the neck of the nearest body, searching for a pulse. There was none and she knew that the man was dead.
“Help me, Laylos,” she said. “I will take the head and you take the feet.” Between them they lifted the corpse and threw it into the pit.
“He weighs no more than a child,” said Laylos and there was compassion in her voice.
Beside them, Anubis and Huy were also heaving corpses into the pit and soon the horse and chariot were hidden under the piled bodies. There was a mound of earth beside the road, left when the pit had been dug.
“Can we use your cloak to transport the soil to the pit?” Huy asked Anubis.
Kiya thought the god might refuse, but his jackal mouth twisted into a grin and he indicated the crumpled black garment at the side of the road. “You are welcome. I detest that cloak. You cannot imagine the humiliation of having to visit this world disguised as an old man.”
“You poor thing,” sympathised Kiya and was rewarded with a smile.
The mist had evaporated but the air was humid and it was hard work dragging the soil across to the pit. By the time the road was level once more, Kiya felt exhausted. She watched Huy and Anubis finish stamping down the surface.
“There, nobody would know what lies beneath,” said Huy.
“Until the bodies rot,” Laylos said, “and then there will be a nasty dip in the road.”
“The road is full of nasty dips,” said Huy. “One more won’t make any difference.”
Kiya gazed out over the swamp. Somewhere, invisible in the vast sea of reeds, women and children waited for their men folk to return home. Were they human enough to mourn their loss? Kiya felt pity for the people who had sunk so low.
There was a flicker in the air and Hathor materialised, carrying a basket. “I have brought your food,” she said. She looked beyond them at the empty road and gave a satisfied smile. “You have cleared up well.”
“Thanks,” said Laylos and took the basket from her. She put it on the ground and Kiya saw that it contained two loaves of bread, a large packet of cheese, some dates and a jug of beer. “Will you two be joining us for lunch?” Laylos asked the gods.
“No, our duty is done,” said Hathor.
“We must thank you for saving our lives,” said Kiya. “But why did you not rescue us from the Cretan slavers outside Massui’s palace?”
“Why should we rescue you?” said Hathor. “You were in no danger of death and were making progress. You had found the priest, Massui, which was your first goal.”
“We could have been enslaved for life,” said Kiya.
“Well, you weren’t,” declared Hathor. “What did you find out from the priest? Did he say where the ka might be hidden?”
“Massui repeated a rhyme that Seth found amusing,” said Kiya. “She seeks him near, she seeks him far, she’s looking for Osiris’s ka. One of a million it will be, hiding under her favourite tree.”
“We think it must be hidden in the seed of a tree,” said Laylos. “But we don’t know where. We are heading to the island of Ptah-Tchay to see if it might be under the acacia tree which grows beside the temple.”
Anubis frowned. “How are you intending to get to the island? It’s in the centre of a cataract and is only accessible in the season of Akhet when the river has flooded.”
“Even if you reach the island you can expect no cooperation from the priest,” said Hathor. “They say that isolation has driven him mad.”
Kiya was dismayed. “It seems an impossible task,” she said. “Perhaps we should look for a tree elsewhere.”
“The fact that it is difficult makes it more likely that we have chosen correctly,” said Huy.
“I have an idea how you might cross the rapids,” said Hathor. “We will meet you at Ptah-Tchay and I will explain.” She took hold of Anubis. “Come, my beloved, we have work to do.”
Kiya watched Anubis pick up his cloak and then raise his hand in farewell before he flickered and disappeared.
“That was quick,” said Laylos. “No discussion then? That woman could get on my nerves.”
“Shush,” said Kiya and hoped that the gods could not hear through the veil.
They ate their fill, then packed away the remaining food and set off along the road. The swamp was left behind and the pathway cut across farmland, with fields on either side. At first the fields looked neglected but after a while Kiya saw men tending the growing crops.
“We are getting near civilisation,” said Huy.
“Have we to go much further?” asked Laylos.
“We should reach the valley before nightfall,” said Huy. “Look you can see the escarpments.”
Kiya raised her head and saw the cliffs upon the skyline. She walked on with renewed vigour. Shadows lengthened and by late afternoon the path curved and joined another that ran along the bank of the Nile. There were fellow travellers on the road and Kiya was aware of curious glances and mutterings. She worried that Huy and Laylos were too conspicuous in their Cretan clothes but nobody tried to stop or question them.
The road rounded a bend and, ahead of them, Kiya saw their goal. The island of Ptah-Tchay was a huge rock, on top of which was a square temple that was little more than a shrine. Beside the temple stood the acacia tree, which Kiya hoped was the resting place of Osiris’s ka.
They drew abreast of the island and Kiya saw a pathway that led from the road, through a palm grove to the riverbank. She followed Huy and Laylos along it and her heart sank at the torrent of water that cascaded around the island. Even if a boat could survive such a maelstrom, there was no safe landing place where it could be anchored. It would be swept away and they would be stranded.
Three figures sat on the bank, half hidden among the reeds. Kiya recognised Hathor and Anubis but the third figure was turned away from her and she did not identify him until he looked around. With a frisson of fear, she saw that he was the god, Sobek. His ugly crocodile head was too large for his human body and when he opened his mouth to address them he revealed rows of dagger teeth.
“Greetings!” His voice was harsh.
“Pleased to meet you!” Laylos and Huy echoed Kiya’s nervous response.
“Sobek is going to carry you to the island on his back,” said Hathor. She turned to the crocodile god. “Now then young man, none of your usual tricks. I don’t want you rolling over mid trip and drowning them.”
“You watch it!” said Anubis. “Those mortals are under my protection.”
“Oh yes?” snarled Sobek. “What would you do about it, jackal head?”
“Enough, boys,” said Hathor. She turned to Kiya. “Sobek has many children. Now that the temples have been closed, they are starving in the sacred pool at Crocopolis. He is as anxious as we are to bring this situation to an end.”
“I’ll take you over to the island now and fetch you back in the morning,” said Sobek. “But be careful with that weaponry. If I feel the slightest prick the deal is off.”
Huy assured him that they would keep their weapons well away from him. Sobek nodded and waded into the river. His transmogrification was swift and astonishing. He grew enormous and, at the same time, his body-shape changed into that of a crocodile. He squatted on splayed legs, the water breaking against his body as if he was a rock.
“Quick, get on his back,” said Hathor.
Anubis took hold of Kiya’s hand and helped her through the water so she could climb onto the crocodile.
“Take care, my dear,” he said. “I wish I could be of more help, but it is impossible to disguise my appearance.”
“You have saved our lives,” she said. “Is that not help enough?” She had an urge to bend forwards and kiss him, but was aware of Hathor’s eyes upon her.
Laylos and Huy climbed up behind her and the crocodile started to swim. Kiya found it unexpectedly easy to keep a foothold. The creature’s back was broad and flat and there were parallel ridges of scales against which she could anchor her feet as she sat. Once she had gained confidence, she found the ride exhilarating. They sped through the water, powered by strong beats of Sobek’s tail, and swiftly reached the island.
Kiya scrambled up onto the rocks and held out an arm to help Laylos. The moment they were all safely disembarked, Sobek disappeared downriver without waiting to be thanked.

Chapter Seventy Five Ptah-Tchay
Kiya looked across the water to where Anubis and Hathor stood. They waved at her and then they too disappeared. She felt a momentary loss at the departure of Anubis but steeled herself and turned to the rock face, which stretched high and glistening, wet with the spume of the river. The craggy surface offered plenty of hand and footholds so Kiya strung her spear across her back, hitched up her shift and started to climb.
When Kiya reached the top of the cliff, she hauled herself up onto the grassy knoll that formed the centre of the island. Then she reached down and helped her aunt climb up beside her. The two of them lay on the short, springy turf while they recovered their breath.
Huy joined them. “Well done, girls,” he said. He looked around. “I don’t think much of the temple.”
Kiya agreed. The so-called temple was a small square building, little more than a hovel, with a single door and high, slit windows. They crossed over to it and knocked on the door.
A man’s voice came from within. “The temple is closed!”
“Our boat capsized and has been washed away. May we sleep beneath your tree?” said Huy.
“No you may not. Go away!”
“We cannot leave until morning,” said Huy.
“Isis will be angry if you spend the night on her island,” said the man.
“We humbly beg her forgiveness, but we have no other option,” said Huy.
There was silence and, after waiting for a few minutes, they went to the acacia tree that stood beside the temple. It was an ancient tree. Its roots must stretch right down to the river for it to receive enough water to support its huge size, thought Kiya. There was little other vegetation on the island, apart from scrubby grass. Beneath the tree the ground was layered with seeds.
“Can you smell anything?” asked Huy.
Kiya sniffed the air. She could smell nothing that resembled the cinnamon odour of Osiris’s ka. She shook her head. “This might not be the right tree.”
“We are here for the night,” said Huy. “So we might as well check the seeds.”
“All of them?” gasped Kiya, looking at the millions of seeds that surrounded them.
“If we start by gathering them into piles, would you be able to tell if a pile contained the right seed?” asked Huy.
“I doubt it,” said Kiya. “The seeds are so small. But it must be worth a try.”
The three of them worked on their hands and knees gathering seeds together. Kiya looked up and thought she saw a man’s head staring at them from the roof of the temple. It disappeared the moment she glimpsed it.
Kiya sniffed each pile, but with no success. “This is hopeless,” she said. “If Seth did, indeed, conceal the ka here, he could not have chosen a better hiding place.”
“Don’t despair,” said Huy. “We have only looked through the upper layers. We can continue our search tomorrow. Meanwhile, let us eat.”
They sat beneath the acacia tree and unpacked the remains of their lunch. Kiya was about to bite into a hunk of bread and cheese when a movement caught her eye - the temple door was opening.
Kiya watched in shock as the figure of Isis emerged and came towards them. The goddess was taller than when disguised as Nefertiti. Although her face was hidden in the twilight, she was instantly recognisable by her strange geometric headdress. As she came near, Huy leapt to his feet and drew his sword.
“Stop!” said Kiya. There was no scent of roses so the figure could not be the goddess. “That is not Isis, but the priest,” she said.
“I am the goddess Isis,” said the priest in a falsetto voice. “Give me your food or I will destroy you with the killing beams of my eyes.”
“If you are hungry, you are very welcome to sit down and join us,” said Laylos.
The priest hesitated. “Actually, I want all your food.”
“Well, you cannot have it,” said Laylos. The priest glared at her with what for Isis would have been a killing look.
“You are not really Isis, are you?” said Huy.
“Yes I am,” protested the priest. “My eyes produce death rays that can burn you all to ash.” Laylos handed him a lump of bread and he ate it hungrily.
“You are the priest who lives on this island, are you not?” said Huy.
“Oh, very well, I’m not Isis,” said the priest sulkily. “What else have you got to eat?” He sat down under the tree with them and devoured more than his fair share of cheese, dates and bread.
“What do you usually eat?” said Laylos. “It must be difficult if you cannot get to the shore for much of the year.”
“I catch fish and make porridge out of acacia seeds. I tried eating grass but it did not agree with me. The porridge doesn’t taste too good either.”
“You eat the acacia seeds?” Kiya was appalled. Supposing the priest had eaten the ka of Osiris?
“Yes. I soak them and then boil them and mash them up. They unsettle my stomach but they are better than nothing. Is there any food left in that basket?”
“No,” said Laylos and turned the basket upside down.
“Oh. Well. Thank you.” The priest got up, ready to leave.
“Wait,” said Kiya. “Have you ever come across a seed that behaved strangely?”
The priest thought and then said. “There was one that turned into a flower when I soaked it. That was an odd thing for an acacia seed to do.”
“When did it happen? Have you still got the flower?”
“Yes, it is pretty,” he said. “I put it in a pot.”
Kiya sighed with relief. “Can I see it? Please!”
“Have you got any more food?” said the priest.
“No.”
“Then you cannot see it.” He turned on his heel and walked back into the temple.
Kiya ran after him. “We are going back to the mainland tomorrow. Would you like to come with us?”
He paused at the temple door. “It is my duty to stay here. One day the goddess will visit her temple again. I don’t want her to find it deserted.”
“I know where she is,” said Kiya. “She is living with the King at Akhetaten. We are on our way there. If I see her I will tell her what a devoted priest she has at Ptah-Tchay.” He looked pleased and Kiya had an idea. “Would you like me to take her a gift? She would appreciate that magic flower. I will say it came from you.”
The priest brightened. “Do you think she would accept such a simple present?”
“I am sure she would,” said Kiya.
“Wait there,” said the priest. He hurried into the temple and came out with a flower in a pot. It was a plain, white daisy but had an inner light that made it shine.
“It is beautiful,” said Kiya. She took the flower, buried her nose in the petals and breathed in the sweet scent of cinnamon. “Isis will love it. She may even pay a visit to thank you in person.”
“I pray with all my heart that I will receive her blessing,” said the priest. “I have been very lonely these many years. To see her once more in the temple will be the happiness that is worth a lifetime’s pain.” He gave a wan smile before he went back inside and closed the door.
Kiya slept badly. The night was cold, the ground was hard and her brain seethed with ideas on how to get the ka to Osiris. Huy and Laylos slept little better, the three of them huddled together beneath the tree and longed for the night to be over. Beside them the flower glowed in the darkness, a reminder of the challenges to come.
When, at last, dawn broke, Kiya was so cold and stiff, she could hardly respond to Huy’s call that it was time to get going. She struggled to her feet and picked up the potted flower. She look at the temple as they passed on their way to the cliff. She was hoping to wave farewell to the priest but the building remained shut.
It was difficult descending the cliff, clasping the flower in one hand and searching blindly for footholds, but she reached the base safely and was joined by Laylos and Huy. Sobek was waiting for them, his broad grey-green back barely visible in the spume.
“I hope that’s the right crocodile,” Huy joked as he helped first Laylos and then Kiya onto Sobek’s back and leapt on behind them. Despite carrying their weight, the huge beast swiftly traversed the rapids and came to a halt beside the riverbank.
Kiya was the last to climb from Sobek’s back. She tried to thank him for his help, but the god swam away ignoring her gratitude.

Chapter Seventy Six: The Cretan Tribute
Kiya stood on the bank staring at the departing crocodile.
“He was not very friendly,” said Laylos. “If we were not under the protection of the gods I dread to think what might have happened.”
“We have much to be grateful for,” said Huy. “We are all safe, we have the ka and, if we make haste, we could be home by nightfall.”
“Then let us set off,” Laylos said. “I need a good wash and a change of clothes. I feel ridiculous in this tunic.”
“You look very fetching, my dear,” said Huy, “but I agree. I don’t like wearing Cretan clothes. People will think we are foreigners.”
It was mid morning before they reached an inn. Laylos was anxious to stop for breakfast but the inn was crowded. A row of chariots and ox carts was parked on the road outside it. When they got nearer Kiya realised that the people guarding the ox carts were Cretan. This must be the tribute the Queen was sending to Ikhnaton.
The sound of talking and laughter came from inside the building. “We might as well wait until the convoy moves on,” said Huy. “We will never get served while this lot is in the inn.”
They walked slowly down the row of carts. Three of them were covered by tarpaulins, the fourth had a structure like a tent on top.
“Can you distract the guard for a moment?” said Kiya. “I want to look inside this tent.”
Huy and Laylos walked ahead of her. Suddenly Laylos tripped and lay on the ground moaning and clutching her ankle. “Help,” Huy called out to the guard. “Can you help me get her up? She is too heavy for me to manage on my own.”
The guard hurried to assist. He must have assumed they were Cretan, for he spoke to them in a strange language.
“When I am in Egypt I always speak Egyptian,” said Huy as they both hauled on Laylos’s arms.
Kiya poked her head under the side of the tent, gave a gasp of surprise and scrambled up onto the ox cart, being careful not to upset the flower. There sitting red eyed and startled was Vitane, dressed in swathes of white silk.
“Kiya!” she cried out in delight. “I have been praying that you would come and rescue me. Now my prayers have been answered.”
“What is happening?” said Kiya.
“I am being offered to Ikhnaton to join the harem in his new palace,” said Vitane. “This is my bridal gown.” She started crying again. “I don’t want to be in a harem, I want to go home.”
“Don’t worry, Vitane. I will take your place,” said Kiya. What better way to gain entry to the palace without Isis seeing her? If she remembered correctly from Dennu’s plans there was a passage from the harem to the royal apartments.
Vitane was looking at her with incredulity. “You would do this for me?” she said. “Oh, Kiya. I love you!” She flung her arms around Kiya’s neck.
“First you must get out of that bridal gown,” said Kiya. She looked around the tent and saw a chest, which she opened to reveal a collection of fine clothes. “Choose one of these to wear.”
While Vitane peered into the chest, Kiya took off her own shift and looked out of the tent. Laylos was leaning against the ox cart, still pretending to have damaged her ankle.
“Psst,” said Kiya. “Vitane is in here. I am going to swap places with her so I can get into the palace.”
“Oh dear,” said Laylos.
“Here, look after my spear and my shift,” said Kiya. She tore off an inner pocket before handing the shift to Laylos. “I will give Vitane some gold so she can get home safely.”
“Be quick,” said Laylos. “The guard has taken Huy into the inn to buy him a beer. They think we are Cretan and so I have been trusted to keep an eye on the convoy.”
Kiya withdrew back into the tent. Vitane was indecisively picking clothes out of the chest.
“Can I wear this?” she said, holding up a silken robe.
“No,” said Kiya. “You must look as inconspicuous as possible.” She chose a simple tunic for the Princess. It was too short by Egyptian standards, but it would have to do.
“I don’t like it much,” said Vitane, but she obediently got out of her bridal gown and into the tunic.
Kiya gave her two gold nuggets. “Here, take these, you will need money to get back to your father.”
“Oh, wow!” said Vitane. “I have never had money before!”
“What?” Kiya looked at her friend with misgiving but there was no time for further talk, she helped Vitane out of the cart and into the care of Laylos.
Kiya dressed in the bridal outfit using some of the transparent material to cover her face like a veil. She hid the flower beside the chest. There was the sound of jovial voices as the soldiers returned. One poked his head into the tent and spoke to her in Cretan. Kiya pretended to be weeping and, after leaving a jug of beer and loaf of bread on the floor beside her, the soldier disappeared.
There was a jerk and the creaking of wheels and the convoy was underway. Kiya ate her breakfast and then relaxed against a bed of cushions. She was so exhausted by her broken night that, despite the jolting of the cart, she fell asleep.
The sounds of busy streets and many people awoke Kiya. She looked out of the tent and saw that they had arrived at their destination. Even through her veil she could see that progress had been made with building the new city. Shops and houses lined the street along which they were travelling. Ahead of them was a long brick wall with a single gateway, guarded by soldiers. It must be the new palace thought Kiya and was impressed by how swiftly it had been constructed.
There was some discussion between the convoy guards and the soldiers at the gate. It was in Egyptian but too far away for Kiya to make out the words. Then they were moving again, though the gateway and into a walled yard. A Cretan soldier came to the side of Kiya’s cart and said something in his own language.
“When I am in Egypt, I speak Egyptian,” Kiya said.
The soldier smiled. “I honour that decision, Princess. The Queen is anxious that you should make a good impression on the King. Please, no more crying.”
“My tears are over,” said Kiya. She picked up the potted flower, took the soldier’s hand and allowed him to help her down from the cart. Behind her, other soldiers mounted the cart and brought out the chest that contained her clothes.
Two of the palace guards joined them and bowed to Kiya. “Welcome to Egypt, your Highness,” said one of them. “Please allow us to escort you to your quarters.”
Kiya bowed graciously and followed them through a door into a gloomy passageway that stretched as far as the eye could see in both directions. This must be the servants passage she remembered from Dennu’s plan of the palace. She found it difficult to walk in her swathes of silk, but the guards slowed their pace so she could keep up with them. They passed several doors and then stopped.
“The harem is through that door, Princess,” the guard said. “I regret that we can escort you no further.”

Chapter Seventy Seven: In the Harem
Kiya opened the door to reveal a large courtyard full of flowers and flowering vines. Birds in cages sang sweetly and fish swam in a raised pool. She stepped forwards and looked around - the place appeared to be deserted. A sound behind her made her turn and she saw two men deposit her chest of clothes in the courtyard. Without a word and with lowered eyes they disappeared back into the passage and shut the door.
A middle-aged woman emerged from one of the surrounding buildings and bowed low.
“Princess Vitane?” she asked.
“Yes,” said Kiya.
“Ah, good, you speak Egyptian,” said the woman. “I am Bunefer, the administrator of the harem. Welcome to our world. I hope you will be very happy here.”
“Thank you,” said Kiya.
“You must be tired after your journey. Let me show you to your apartment.” Bunefer indicated one of the buildings and walked ahead of Kiya to open the door for her. “Please make yourself at home.”
Kiya entered and saw a spacious room with a bed at one end. There was a sunken bath, which was full of steaming water. Two young servant girls, wearing nothing but loin cloths, stood beside the bath.
“We thought you would enjoy being bathed after being on the road for so long,” said Bunefer.
Kiya would rather wash herself but was happy at the thought of being clean at last. She put the pot down carefully beside her bed and allowed Bunefer to help her undress.
“What an unusual outfit,” Bunefer said.
“It is my bridal gown,” said Kiya.
“You will not need that here, my dear,” said Bunefer. “New brides are presented to the King naked.”
“Really?”
“Yes, it is a long tradition. A bride once had a knife hidden in her clothes.”
Kiya was silent. Until now, she had barely considered the implications of joining Ikhnaton’s harem - her concerns had centred on returning the ka to Osiris. Now she realised that infiltrating the palace in the guise of a bride may have been a mistake. As she lowered herself into the waters of the bath, she wondered if she would have time to fulfil her mission before having to do her bridal duty.
Kiya lay relaxing in the warmth while the two girls knelt beside the bath and rubbed her with soapy cloths. As one reached between her legs Kiya grabbed the cloth. “I will do that,” she said.
“There is no room for modesty in a harem,” said Bunefer. “Your body belongs to the King and our job is to look after that body, to keep it clean and beautiful so it is always ready for the King’s pleasure.”
Kiya relented and allowed the girls to cleanse her all over and then to wash her hair. She was conscious of her swelling belly and hoped Bunefer would not notice the first signs of her pregnancy. Fortunately the administrator of the harem was rummaging in Vitane’s trunk inspecting garment after garment. She chose a silk robe and brought it over while the girls towelled Kiya dry.
“What wonderful material,” Bunefer said. “It surpasses the finest of woven linens. I believe your Queen has sent a bale of it for use in the harem. It is a very welcome gift.”
Kiya put on the robe and then sat on the edge of the bed while the girls combed her hair and braided it into tiny plaits.
“I hear that Crete is a very beautiful place and its wealth surpasses that of Egypt,” said Bunefer.”
“Oh, yes,” said Kiya.
“And there is a sleeping dragon under the island. They say that its head lies under a neighbouring island and, when it breathes, fire and smoke rise into the air.”
“Really?” Kiya had never heard of such a thing.
“You sound surprised,” said Bunefer. “Surely you knew.”
Kiya hastily gathered her wits. “I was just surprised that the news had reached so far.”
Bunefer looked pleased. “In this harem live girls from many lands. There is little that we do not know. I look forward to you telling us much more about your homeland. I have been told that when the dragon stirs Crete is shaken and when he wakes the island will be destroyed.”
“Oh, no!” Kiya looked at Bunefer in dismay at the thought of yet another danger facing Massui.
“I am sorry Princess. It must be distressing to be reminded of the fate awaiting your country.” Bunefer checked the progress of the girls who were doing Kiya’s hair. “Good, the plaits are nice and even, now loop them up and I will fetch the Princess her wine.”
Kiya watched Bunefer leave the apartment and feared that it would not be long before she suspected that her newest recruit was an imposter. She sat in silence while the girls pinned the plaits to the back of her head with swift efficiency. They were finished by the time Bunefer re-appeared with a tray.
“Please, take refreshment, Princess Vitane. You will need to keep your strength up for the ceremony.”
Kiya looked at the tray, which held a goblet of wine, a plate of little cakes and some grapes. She selected one of the cakes and bit into it. It was deliciously sweet and slightly crisp around the edges.
“What ceremony?” she asked.
“The Deflowering Ceremony,” said Bunefer.
“What? My deflowering? Surely it cannot be tonight?” Kiya looked at Bunefer aghast.
“The ladies of the harem have not yet arrived from Thebes so there is no problem with scheduling,” said Bunefer. “You are a fortunate girl, Princess Vitane. The King is free to see you on your first night.”
“We will have to put it off, I am not ready,” said Kiya. She dropped the half-eaten cake and grabbed the goblet of wine.
Bunefer smiled at her sympathetically as she gulped down the wine. “It is natural for a virgin to feel apprehension on her wedding night. Drink some more wine, my dear.”
Kiya drank some more of the strong, sweet wine. It had a strange after taste and she wondered if it had been spiced with herbs. “I don’t feel well,” she said. “It is best to wait until tomorrow when I am better.”
Bunefer laid a hand upon her forehead. “You have no fever,” she said. “You are probably just tired. It is a long journey from Crete.”
“Yes, I am too tired to respond properly to the King’s love making,” said Kiya.
Bunefer looked at her in surprise. “No response is necessary,” she said. “You just lie quietly while he takes his pleasure.”
“Oh,” Kiya lowered her face to the goblet and took another drink. The wine was having an effect. She felt relaxed.
Bunefer swiftly stepped forwards and took the half-empty goblet from her hands. For a moment Kiya wondered why and then she slowly collapsed onto the bed.
“It is time for the oiling,” said Bunefer.
Kiya lay quietly while Bunefer removed her robe then unfolded a sheet and laid it on the bed beside her. She felt the two girls roll her gently onto the sheet so she lay on her stomach. Warm hands rubbed scented oil into her skin and the smell of peppermint filled the room, a sexual stimulant thought Kiya hazily. When her back and legs were covered in oil, Kiya felt herself being rolled over, exposing her breasts and stomach to the oiling. In her relaxed state she was unembarrassed by the intimate massage.
“The eunuch, Rahotep, will take you to the King. I will be waiting for your return.” Bunefer raised her head and called out “Rahotep!”
A huge man, dressed in a tiny loin cloth entered the room. He rolled Kiya’s naked body tightly in the sheet and lifted her as if she weighed no more than Thoth’s feather. Kiya lay in his arms and felt as helpless as a baby as she was transported to her unwelcome rendezvous.

Chapter Seventy Eight: The Deflowering Ceremony
Kiya was carried across the darkening courtyard into the main living room of the harem. In the dimness she could see a long central table, surrounded by cushioned benches. Rahotep laid her on the ground beside a carved wooden screen and she watched while he went behind the screen and opened a hidden door.
That must be the secret passage to the palace, thought Kiya as the eunuch came back and lifted her once more into his arms. It was a tight squeeze to carry her through the narrow space between the screen and the wall but Rahotep accomplished it with ease and bent low to traverse the open doorway. Inside the passage was absolute darkness but Kiya felt no fear. The wine had separated her from her surroundings and she observed the world through indifferent eyes.
Despite his enormous bulk, the eunuch moved through the passageway with the grace of a cat and was so sure footed it was almost as if he could see in the dark. After a while he stopped and opened a door to flickering candle light and the smell of beeswax.
Kiya tried to struggle as Rahotep carried her to the large bed in the centre of the room, but she found that her limbs did not respond. The drugged wine had numbed her muscles as well as her brain.
The eunuch laid her on the bed and she felt him unwrap the sheet. His huge hands arranged her body so she lay on her back with her legs slightly parted and her arms straight down at her sides. For a moment he stood looking down at her, regarding his handiwork with approval, then he retired into the shadows from where Kiya heard the sound of a gong.
Voices came from the next room. Kiya tried to concentrate her drifting mind on what was being said.
“I regret I will have to leave you, I have been summoned to the bedchamber.” The voice was indistinct through the door but Kiya knew it must belong to the King.
“Congratulations, your Majesty. I hear that your new bride arrived from Crete this afternoon.” Kiya vaguely wondered who was with him.
“Yes. The Queen of the island has been generous with her tribute,” said the King.
“I hope this means that Crete’s incursions into the delta are at an end. We should send her gifts in return, your Majesty.”
“Does she have a harem? Surely not!”
Kiya heard the King’s companion laugh. “You are right, your Majesty. I fear the chances of a dynastic marriage are nil. The Queen would prefer a fine bull.”
“I think I would too,” said the King gloomily. The door opened and Ikhnaton stood, dark against the bright oil lamps behind him.
“Do you wish me to await your return, your Majesty?” The voice behind the King was now recognisable as Dennu’s. Part of Kiya’s mind recoiled in fear that he might find out that she was Ikhnaton’s new bride, but her emotions were blanketed by the drugs and she remained relaxed.
“Yes, wait for me. I will not be long.” Ikhnaton called over his shoulder. He shut the door behind him and crossed the room to the bed. He was wearing a belted robe. “Good evening,” he said to Kiya.
“Good evening, your Majesty.” Her vocal cords were slack and her voice sounded low and husky.
He undid the belt and his robe hung half open revealing his nakedness. Kiya averted her eyes. She felt the bed sag as he sat down beside her and she heard him sigh. “It is time for the deflowering ceremony.”
“If you are too busy we could postpone it.”
He reached out and patted her thigh, his hand slipping on the thick covering of oil. “No, you have been prepared.”
“I don’t mind,” she insisted.
He patted her thigh again and stared at her breasts. “It is an insult to your Queen if I fail to deflower you on our wedding night.”
“We can tell everyone I have been deflowered,” Kiya said.
“You are a nice girl.” He smiled at her and she managed to smile back. There was a long pause and then he sighed again. “Perhaps later, when I have less on my mind.” Ikhnaton rose to his feet. “I will tell the Queen of Crete that I am delighted with her gift.” He adjusted his robe then stood looking down at her. “When all this is over I look forward to taking my pleasure. I am sure you will bear me many fine sons.” His eyes lingered so long on her breasts that she feared he might change his mind and deflower her after all. But, slowly, he tied his belt. “I hope you will excuse me, my dear, but I have important work to do.”
Kiya watched him turn and leave the room. For a moment she glimpsed the room beyond and saw Dennu straighten up from a table over which he had been leaning. Then the door closed and she lay in the candle light giving silent thanks for her delivery. Rahotep emerged from the darkness and Kiya was momentarily startled - she had forgotten the eunuch was there. He had witnessed the failure of the wedding ceremony and she wondered what repercussions awaited her.
She felt him wrap her in the sheet, then he lifted her up and carried her back through the secret passage.
Bunefer was waiting for them at the other end, holding an oil lamp. “Was the deflowering successful?” she asked.
“No, Madam,” said the eunuch. “But the King expressed satisfaction with his new bride.”
“That is good enough,” said Bunefer. She led the way to Kiya’s apartment where Rahotep laid her on the bed.
They stood looking down at her. “I am sorry for your disappointment, my dear,” said Bunefer. “But a spell has been cast upon the King by his first wife and he is interested in no other.”
Kiya tried to look disappointed and murmured, “I understand.”
Bunefer nodded her approval and she and Rahotep left the room.
Kiya struggled to free herself from the cocoon of the sheet but she had not enough strength to loosen the binding cloth. In the end she gave up the struggle and slept.

Chapter Seventy Nine: Saved by a Mirror
Kiya woke to find the ka-flower shining brighter than the moonbeams streaming through the window slits. Somehow the ka must sense its nearness to Osiris, she thought and knew that the soul longed to be reunited with its body.
When she tried to free herself she discovered that the effects of the drugged wine had worn off and she was able to wriggle out of the sheet that bound her. She sat on the side of the bed and picked up the flowerpot. Her courage quailed thought of returning through that dark passage to the King’s quarters - perhaps it might be better to wait for another night.
“Soon,” she whispered to the plant. “I will return you soon.” But soon the women of the harem would be arriving with their servants and children. There was no better time than now if she wished to avoid detection.
Kiya rose to her feet and looked down at her naked body. She decided not to rummage through Vitane’s chest to try to find something to wear. The Princess’s clothes were unsuitable for adventuring and instantly recognisable as Cretan. If her mission was successful she would return to the harem without being seen. If it was not, nakedness would be the least of her problems.
She carried the flower across the room and out into the night. The air was cold. She shivered and clung to the pot more tightly. Where did Bunefer sleep? Was the harem guarded? Kiya feared that unseen eyes might be upon her as she crept around the sides of the courtyard. Her head hit a cage and sent it swinging. From inside came sleepy twittering. Kiya paused, her heart beating rapidly, but there was no movement from the shadows. She crouched down lower and continued her progress until she reached the main room.
Kiya held the ka-flower high to help illuminate the way around the table and benches to the tall screen at the far end. It will all end here if the door is locked, thought Kiya but the latch lifted to her touch and she was able to push the hidden door open.
“May the gods protect me,” she prayed as she peered into the darkness beyond. Bracing herself, she stepped forwards. The passageway seemed longer than it had when she was in Rahotep’s arms, but the shining ka-flower gave Kiya the confidence she needed to reach the King’s chamber.
Ikhnaton’s snores reverberated in her ears as she opened the door and entered his bedroom. She tiptoed to the next room and found it deserted. On a table in the middle were rolled sheets of papyrus paper. Presumably he and Dennu had been discussing plans for the building of Akhetaten. A door led to a corridor and Kiya hesitated, wondering which way to go. She took a step in one direction and the flower’s light faded. She went the other way and the light shone more strongly so she continued and stopped in front of the first door she came to. The flower was brighter than ever and so she lifted the latch and went in. She recognised the mirror on the dressing table and knew that this was Nefertiti’s bedchamber. Kiya felt sick with apprehension as she looked at the bed – it was empty. Was the goddess lying in wait for her? Nervously she looked around the room. Could Isis be hiding behind the clothes stands? Or crouched down behind the bed? Kiya was poised to flee from an attack, but nothing happened and her tense muscles slowly relaxed. Where could Isis be? Perhaps she had gone to meet her fellow gods beyond the veil.
The door to the inner sanctum stood ajar and Kiya hurried towards it. A thought made her stop and pick up the mirror. If Isis attacked her, she could deflect the killing beams and might have a chance of survival.
Awkwardly, with the flower in one hand and the mirror in the other, she pushed the door open and entered the darkness. By the light of the flower she could see that the lid was off Osiris’s coffin and Nefertiti lay sleeping beside the corpse, her arm around her husband’s chest in a loving embrace.
Kiya quickly pulled the flower from the pot and placed it in Osiris’s mouth. It sank down into the god’s body and its glow spread beneath his skin. She had expected Osiris to wake instantly but he remained lifeless and, with dismay, she saw Nefertiti stir. The goddess’s eyes opened and focussed on her. With mesmerising speed she leapt from the coffin.
“You wicked girl. What are you doing here?”
“I have restored the soul of your husband,” said Kiya, but the goddess was not listening. Rage stoked the fires within, until her eyes glowed red. Kiya held up the mirror as two rays of burning light shot from the goddess’s eyes towards her. The rays were deflected and hit the far wall of the chamber, where they shattered the plaster and carved grooves into the bricks behind.
Nefertiti blinked and then tried again. This time her attack was longer. Deep gouges zigzagged across the damaged wall as Kiya desperately tried to hold the mirror steady. She was hoping to deflect the rays back at Nefertiti and nearly succeeded but the goddess closed her eyes when the rays came near and then changed the angle of attack.
The mirror was heavy and Kiya was tiring, it was only a matter of time before the end. A death ray caught her arm. Kiya screamed with pain and dropped the mirror, which smashed to the floor in pieces. She dived down behind the coffin in agony. The smell of burning flesh filled the air and when she looked, she saw that her arm had been incinerated to the bone. In a scarlet haze of pain she heard the goddess’s footsteps round the coffin and she braced herself for the end.
“Isis?” The voice was deep and sweet.
“Osiris! You are alive, my darling.”
Kiya lay on the floor in anguish, listening to the joy of Isis and Osiris as they were reunited. Pain engulfed her in waves and she knew that her arm had been destroyed. The foetus in her womb stirred and Kiya felt as if her burning flesh had been plunged into icy water. The relief was instant. She raised the ruined limb and saw that it was whole once more. A red line, like a scar, was the only sign of the wound. It was a miracle – a miracle wrought by the baby inside her.
There was a rumbling sound as the wall, which had been weakened by the death rays, crumbled and fell to the ground, revealing a moonlit garden beyond. Hand in hand, Osiris and Isis walked over the rubble into the garden.
Kiya scrambled to her feet. From the room behind she heard shouts as people came running. Kiya rushed into the garden behind the two gods. For a brief moment she saw Dennu’s astounded face as he watched what was happening from a nearby terrace, then she dived behind a bush and hid.

Chapter Eighty: Ikhnaton Mourns
Guards ran into the garden from the damaged palace. They stood uncertainly and watched the Queen walk away with a strange man.
“Nefertiti!” The anguished voice of Ikhnaton was ignored by the couple, who gazed at each other in adoration as they strolled across the grass.
“Nefertiti, come back!” Ikhnaton emerged from the building, stumbling over the shattered bricks. “Don’t leave me Nefertiti. I love you.”
The King’s anguish would have melted a heart of marble but the two immortals took no notice of him. As Kiya peered between the leaves of her bush, she saw them rise slowly into the air so they were no longer walking on the ground but above it.
“What is happening? Where are you going? Please come back Nefertiti, I cannot live without you!” The King was crying so desperately that he lost his footing on the uneven grass, stumbled and fell to his knees.
Slowly and without looking back the two gods faded from view and were gone. Ikhnaton knelt where he had fallen, his head in his hands and his body racked with sobs. Kiya longed to leave her bush and console him but shrank further back into her hiding place as Dennu ran up to the King.
“What a wonderful thing, your Majesty,” he said. “A miracle has happened.”
“A miracle?” Ikhnaton raised his tear-stained face.
“Nefertiti must have been an angel sent from God himself.”
“An angel?” Ikhnaton was clinging to the words of comfort.
“Yes, your Majesty. She was sent to show you the way, the truth and the light of the Aten. Without Nefertiti, Egypt would never have worshiped the one true god.”
“I loved her,” said Ikhnaton and his tears began to flow again.
“And she loved you,” said Dennu. “But her task in this world is completed. God sent an angel to bring her back to heaven.”
“Do you really think so? Did she really love me? Why did she leave without saying goodbye?”
“Because this is not goodbye,” said Dennu. “Nefertiti will be with you always. She can no longer be seen with worldly eyes or heard with worldly ears but she is your guardian angel and will make sure no harm befalls you.”
The King looked up at Dennu, his eyes full of hope, and Kiya marvelled at his gullibility. “I will dedicate my life to the worship of the Aten. With Nefertiti watching over me I will convert the whole world to the true religion.”
Dennu bowed and then helped the King to his feet. Ikhnaton seemed rejuvenated by the thought of Nefertiti as an angel. He turned to the guards, who had been watching the drama and said, “You are the chosen ones, who have been privileged to see the exaltation of Nefertiti. She has been summoned by the Almighty to join him in heaven but she will live on in the hearts of the people of Egypt as the most beautiful of god’s angels ever to walk the earth.” He tried to smile but gave an involuntary sob and turned away so they should not see his tears. The soldiers stood bewildered.
“You may return to your positions,” ordered Dennu. The soldiers saluted him and re-entered the palace through the broken wall. “Can I escort you back to your room?” Dennu asked the King.
“Yes, please, Dennu. What a comfort you are,” said Ikhnaton. The two of them followed the soldiers and left Kiya alone in the garden.
Kiya waited behind her bush. The night air chilled her bare skin. She began to shiver and wondered what she should do. There was no getting back to the harem and any attempt at leaving the palace would alert the guards. She was beginning to think she might die of cold when she heard footsteps coming towards her. She crouched low.
“It’s safe Kiya. You can come out now.” The voice was Dennu’s and Kiya gave a gasp of relief. “I noticed that you were unclothed,” he continued, “and so I have brought a cloak for you.”
Kiya stood up and let him drape the cloak around her shoulders. “Thank you,” she said.
“Now, perhaps, you can explain to me exactly what happened here.” He put an arm around her shoulders and escorted her towards the terrace where she had first seen him.
“You mean the raising of Nefertiti to heaven?” she said.
“Only the King could think of that woman as an angel,” said Dennu. “But one thing is true. She showed him the way to the Aten.”
They climbed the steps to the terrace and Kiya saw the pillared veranda of a building with windows that overlooked the garden. “This reminds me of the architecture of Crete,” she said.
“Welcome to my house,” said Dennu. “My mother often spoke to me about the beautiful buildings of her homeland and I longed to replicate them. But how do you know about such things?”
Kiya told him how they had been captured by slave raiders. “Your father was with us and he has been chosen by the Queen to be her next consort. She is your mother’s sister, Dennu – your aunt. She recognised the armlet, which was hung around my neck and took possession of it.”
He nodded. “I noticed that you were no longer wearing it.”
They entered the house and Kiya shivered. The large windows made the living room cold.
“Come through to the inner room,” said Dennu. “You can warm yourself at the brazier.”
He escorted her to a room where there was a seating pit in which a brazier burnt. In its glow Kiya could see a bed at the far end of the room. Cushions were arranged around the pit and she sat down and opened the cloak slightly so the heat could reach her body.
“This is better,“ she sighed. “Oh Dennu, you should see how Massui has changed. He is once more the father you knew in your youth. The ice around his heart has melted away. He wanted me to tell you that he loves you.”
Dennu frowned. “I fear the transformation has come too late. You say he is to be the next King of Crete. Do you know what happens to the kings of Crete, Kiya? They are sacrificed when harvests fail.”
“I know and your father knows. He has accepted his fate willingly.”
“I do not believe it. I must go to him.”
“He would love to see you, Dennu. But put any thoughts of rescue from your mind. I tried but he would have none of it.”
Dennu sat beside her. “You keep so much from me, Kiya,” he said. “How can I be your friend when I don’t know what you are doing? Why were you running around the palace unclothed? What happened to Nefertiti? Who was that man who vanished with her?”
Kiya told him about her search for the ka of Osiris and how she had returned the soul to the god.
“Such a fantasy would be hard to believe if I had not seen it with my own eyes.”
“I hope you are not upset, Dennu.”
He looked at her and raised an eyebrow. “Why should I be?”
“Surely I was going against what you wanted,” she said. “With Nefertiti gone the Aten will be forgotten and the temples can reopen as before.”
Dennu shook his head. “The truth can never be hidden,” he said. “Whatever Isis’s motive might have been, she led Ikhnaton to the start of a new dawn for mankind.”
Kiya stared into the glow of the brazier. Had her mission been for nothing? Would the temples remain closed forever? She felt depressed.
“Are your adventures over, Kiya?” asked Dennu. Kiya nodded. “Are you ready to settle down, to be a wife and have children?” Kiya nodded again. What else had life to offer her?
“I have waited a long time to ask you this,” said Dennu. “I have loved you from the beginning. You have treated me cruelly and I have tried to fight my feelings for you, but it is no good. Beside you all other women are colourless. You are brave and beautiful and extraordinary. Will you be my wife, Kiya?”
Kiya’s depression lifted. Life with Dennu would be exciting enough to make up for all the adventures in the world. “Oh, yes, Dennu. I will make you a good and faithful wife,” she said.
He folded his arms around her and kissed her. His lips were warm and his tongue pressed into her mouth with thrilling intimacy. After a long embrace he pulled back and regarded her fondly.
“Are you sure there are no other secrets you are hiding from me?” he said.
With a sinking heart Kiya realised that he didn’t know the biggest secret of all. “There is just one,” she said. “I am pregnant.”

Chapter Eighty One: A Brief Happiness
Kiya saw with dread the stony look that came over Dennu’s face. He withdrew his arms from around her and said, “May I be permitted to ask who the father is?”
Kiya gazed at him, imploring him to believe her. “I am a virgin, Dennu. This conception is a mystery, a miracle.”
“Only you would think up such nonsense,” said Dennu.
How like his father he is, thought Kiya. Ice could easily form around his heart. She reached out a hand and touched his arm. “Please believe me, Dennu. I love you, but if you wish us not to marry I will leave.”
“Where would you go?” he said. “At the very least you will have to spend the night here before I can get you out of the palace.”
“Thank you,” she said. She sat beside him in silence and they both gazed into the glowing embers of the brazier. After a while she yawned.
“Get to bed, Kiya,” he said. “You have had a busy day destroying hearts and palaces. I need time to think.”
She leant over and kissed his cheek and he did not flinch away. “Good night,” she said.
She removed her cloak at the bedside and stood for a moment naked, but he didn’t look round. He sat with his back to her and stared into the dying fire.
Kiya got into the bed. It was wide and soft. She wanted to stay awake to see if Dennu joined her, but she drifted into sleep and knew no more until the morning.
When she opened her eyes she saw that Dennu was lying beside her. His head was turned towards her and when he saw that she was awake he smiled. “Good morning, Kiya,” he said.
“Good morning,” she said and smiled back.
He slid his arms around her. “We are to be married, are we not?” She nodded. “Then let us say the sacred words that will bind us together.”
“Really? After all this, you still want to marry me?” Kiya felt as if her heart would soar to the ceiling with happiness.
“A man cannot choose who he falls in love with. I will be honest with you, Kiya. There are many more suitable women for a man in my position but my mind is distracted by thoughts of you. I must have you in my life or all my achievements are worth nothing.”
Kiya didn’t know whether to be flattered or insulted. “What about the baby?” she asked.
“I will love it as though it was my own.”
Kiya smiled at him. “Very well,” she said.
He held her gaze and spoke in a resonant voice. “With these words you are my wife, to cherish until the afterlife. At the end of a lifetime spent with you, Thoth will find that my heart is true.”
Kiya replied, “With these words I am your spouse to bear your seed and share your house. At the end of a lifetime spent with you, Thoth will find that my heart is true.”
He pulled her towards him. “Whether our marriage lasts or not, I cannot deny myself what I have always longed for.”
She raised her head for a kiss and his lips pressed against hers, soft, warm and urgent. She wrapped her arms around his neck and returned his kiss with equal passion. The foetus stirred within her and she sensed its awareness.
She felt Dennu’s hand stroke down her body and fondle her breast. Her pregnancy had made her nipples swollen and sensitive and she flinched slightly at his touch. He withdrew his hand at once. There was a pause and she pressed her body against his, willing him to continue their love making.
Once more his hand was stroking her, this time it trailed down over her belly. The foetus stirred again and this time Dennu must have felt it, for he rolled away from her and stared up at the ceiling.
“There are three of us in this bed,” he said.
“Yes, I am sorry. I think the foetus knows what we are doing.”
“What kind of monster is it?” said Dennu.
Kiya sat up. “It is no monster, Dennu. It is something wonderful. Look.” She showed Dennu her arm, where the scar ran scarlet across her golden skin. “This is where Isis hit me with her death ray. I was in agony, but I felt the new baby stir for the first time within my body and seconds later my arm was cured.”
Dennu frowned. “That is magic, indeed. I suppose I must congratulate you for creating such a creature.”
He sounded bitter and Kiya tried to comfort him. “It will be our child, Dennu. You have promised to love the baby and we can be a happy family.”
He shook his head. “This is all wrong.” He got out of bed, wrapped himself in a robe and left the room. Kiya lay back on the bed and folded her hands over her belly. Is this what you wanted? She directed her thoughts at the foetus. Is it too much to ask that I can have a happy marriage?
When Dennu came back he was dressed in his priestly robes. “Goodbye,” he said and he did not lean down to kiss her.
There was something final in his words and Kiya looked up at him in dismay. “Are you leaving me?” she asked.
“You can stay here,” he said. “I have arrangements to make.”
“I love you!” She heard the desperation in her voice. He did not reply but walked out of the door, shut it behind him and was gone.
Kiya sat up in bed and willed him to return but the door remained closed. She looked around the bedroom, which was lit by the high slit-like windows usual in Egyptian buildings. In the seating pit, the brazier contained the cinders of last night’s fire as dead as the ashes of her marriage. If only the baby had allowed their lovemaking everything would have been fine – or would it? Dennu was not an easy man. He was powerful and felt emotions deeply. Yet she loved him and knew that if he was straightforward and placid she would not love him so much. What were these arrangements he was going to make? Was he going to have her arrested for trespassing in the Queen’s chambers last night? She knew him as an honourable man, but was his allegiance deeper to the King than to her?
Kiya sighed. Whatever the day was to bring, she had better be ready for it. She rose from the bed and put on the cloak. There were two doors leading out of the bedroom. One led to the main room at the front of the house, and the other to a dressing room with clothes stands and a sunken bath. The bath was empty but there was a bowl of water on a table and a small container of soap. A crumpled towel lay on the floor. Kiya washed and dried herself then she looked through Dennu’s clothes to find something she could wear.

Chapter Eighty Two: An Unfortunate Encounter
Washed and dressed, Kiya returned to the bedroom and opened the door to the main room. Daylight flooded in through the large, Cretan-style windows. The sudden brightness made her blink as she looked around the sparsely-furnished room. There was an empty table, a chair and an open chest full of papyrus scrolls. It is more of an office than a living room, thought Kiya as she went out onto the veranda. She sat on the cushions of the seating ledge that ran along the back of the veranda and looked out across the terrace to the garden. Workmen were already rebuilding the ruined wall. One of them lifted a brick and called the others over to look at it with an exclamation of astonishment. Had he found one of the death-ray gouges? wondered Kiya and she shivered at the thought of those terrifying eyes.
A servant girl was walking towards the house carrying a laden tray. Kiya watched as she climbed the steps to the terrace. “Lord Dennu wishes you to eat, my Lady,” she said.
“Thank you,” said Kiya as the girl put the tray down on the low table in front of her. “Where is Lord Dennu now?”
“He has left the palace, my Lady,” said the girl.
“Did he say when he would return?”
“No my Lady.”
Kiya saw a flicker of curiosity in the girl’s eyes. “You may go,” she said. The girl bowed and left. Kiya regarded her breakfast. Freshly made bread, dates and flagon of beer. She thought she wasn’t hungry but she ate well. For a while she sat on the veranda, half dozing in the shade and admiring the garden. An ornamental lake was edged with papyrus reeds and water lilies. A grove of palm trees stood by its side and Kiya marvelled at the effort it must have taken to create such a paradise from the bare earth. There were pathways shaded by vine-covered trellises and a newly-turfed lawn dotted with fruit trees. Everywhere were flowers - in beds, climbing the branches of trees, in pots on the terrace. Beside the palace were flowering shrubs, including the one she had hidden behind the night before.
A familiar figure was coming across the lawn towards her and with joy she recognised Laylos. Her aunt was carrying a bundle of clothing and the star-metal spear. Kiya leapt to her feet and ran across the terrace to greet her.
“Laylos, how wonderful to see you. How did you manage to get into the palace?”
“Dennu gave me a pass,” said Laylos, as she climbed the steps. “What a beautiful place you have here.”
“How is Dennu?” Kiya asked.
“He is upset about you, as usual,” said Laylos. Kiya led Laylos to the seating ledge. “Is that beer on the table?” said her aunt. “It is thirsty work hurrying through the streets of Akhetaten. Now, tell me what happened to you. Was the mission successful? What happened in the harem?”
So Kiya poured her aunt a beer and gave her an account of her adventure. When she had finished, Laylos was aghast. “My dear child, you could so easily have been killed.” She examined the scar on Kiya’s arm. “You say the baby healed your arm?” Kiya nodded. “It is a true miracle,” breathed Laylos. “The most marvellous magic.”
“The baby has come between me and Dennu,” said Kiya.
Laylos nodded. “He said little, but I gathered that he was not best pleased about your pregnancy. However he still considers you his responsibility and wants you to remain at the palace while he is gone.”
Kiya regarded her aunt with apprehension. “Gone? Where is he going?”
“He is going to lead a tribute convoy to Crete. He is anxious to see his father and will be setting off soon.” Laylos paused and then said, “Who is that woman?”
Kiya looked up and saw, to her dismay, that Bunefer was approaching the house. She wanted to hide but it was too late, the harem controller had seen her.
“What are you doing here, Princess Vitane?” she said.
“You must be mistaken,” said Laylos. “This is my niece, Kiya, the wife of the priest Dennu.”
“The likeness is astonishing!” said Bunefer. “The Princess is missing from the harem and I am trying to find her.” She stared at Kiya, suspiciously. “Enough of this game playing – come back to the harem, Vitane.”
Kiya shook her head. “Vitane has gone,” she said.
“Do not think me a fool, you are the Princess.”
“No. Many people make the same mistake for she is my identical twin!” said Kiya.
“What rubbish!” Bunefer was becoming angry. She seized Kiya’s arm. “Come back at once or I will summon the guard.”
“What would her husband, Lord Dennu, say if his wife was arrested!” said Laylos. Bunefer hesitated and allowed Kiya to pull away from her grasp.
“My sister Vitane had to depart, but before she went she left you a gift,” said Kiya. She leapt to her feet and hurried into the house. Her shift was lying across the bed and she picked it up and ripped out one of the pockets.
When she got back, Laylos was commiserating with the unfortunate harem controller. “These young girls! I believe Vitane was in love with a peasant boy back in Crete, you know how the young value love over duty.”
“I cannot imagine what she is thinking of. Vitane should feel honoured to be a wife of the King.”
“Here you are!” said Kiya, thrusting the pocket at Bunefer. “Vitane said she was sorry and hoped this would be a recompense.” The gleam of a gold nugget shone through a split in the seam of the pocket and Bunefer smiled as she felt the size and weight of the gift.
“Give my thanks to Vitane... er, what did you say your name is?”
“Kiya,” prompted Laylos.
“Yes, Kiya, of course. With a gift this generous I can look forward to a comfortable old age.”
“In return for the gift Vitane wishes you to remain silent about her departure,” said Kiya.
“If your – I mean her – absence is discovered no amount of gold would persuade me to keep quiet,” said Bunefer. “However, the deflowering ceremony went well, which is all that matters for now. I see no reason why the King should be told that his new bride is missing.”
“The deflowering ceremony?” said Laylos. “What is that?”
“It is when the King takes his new wife’s maidenhead,” said Bunefer. Laylos stared at Kiya in astonishment and she felt herself blush. Bunefer was deep in thought. “The ladies of the harem will be coming tomorrow and the King’s bedding schedule will be full. I doubt if he will miss Vitane for a while.” She gave Kiya a penetrating look. “All will be well if Vitane returns shortly.”
“I hear that Nefertiti, his main wife turned out to be an angel,” said Laylos. “Do you suppose that Princess Vitane was an angel as well?”
“She might have been,” said Kiya.
“Angel or not, I will expect her to come back to the harem,” said Bunefer.
“If I see her again I will let her know,” said Kiya.
Bunefer nodded. “I hope that one day I will receive an honest explanation of this matter,” she said and she hurried away clutching her pocket of gold.

Chapter Eighty Three: Leave Taking
“I think she knew that you were really the Princess,” said Laylos as she watched Bunefer’s retreating figure.
“Of course.” Kiya felt worried. “I wish she had not seen me.”
“She expects you to return to the harem,” said Laylos.
“I know, but I cannot.”
“She seems a nice enough woman,” said Laylos. “I hope she does not get into trouble.”
“So do I. It is unfortunate that I had to change places with Vitane to get access to the palace. Tell me, Aunt, what happened to her?”
“We brought Vitane with us to Akhetaten and exchanged one of her nuggets for money.” Laylos frowned. “I must say, Kiya, I think you were a bit overgenerous with the girl. The first thing she did was go to the market and buy expensive clothes.”
“As long as she has enough money left to get home with,” said Kiya.
“We put her on a boat to Helwan. She should be safe, there is still a garrison in the town. How she gets to Crete is up to her. She has enough money to hire a boat and crew – if she does not spend it all.”
“Dear Vitane,” said Kiya shaking her head. “She is like a child. I hope I did the right thing when I exchanged places with her.”
“She probably would not have enjoyed the deflowering ceremony. Tell me more about it.”
Two servant girls were approaching the terrace carrying laden trays. “Shush! I think it is time for lunch, Aunt,” said Kiya.
The meal consisted of many small bowls of meats and vegetables, some of which Kiya had never seen before.
“What is this?” said Laylos. She held up some shredded meat and gazed at it suspiciously.
“Hedgehog?” suggested Kiya.
“Yuk!” Laylos put it back in the bowl. “I am not eating anything I cannot identify. How your uncle would enjoy this meal – he would gobble down the lot and not give it a moment’s thought.”
“You must bring him with you next time, Laylos.”
“Yes, indeed. He would be very impressed.”
After lunch Kiya yawned and did not protest when her aunt insisted on putting her to bed. “You have a nice rest, my dear. I will come and see you tomorrow.” Laylos leant over and kissed her forehead.
“I love you, Laylos.”
“And I love you too.”
Kiya watched her aunt leave with drowsy eyes and even as the door shut behind her she fell asleep.
The sound of splashing water woke Kiya. She saw that the door to the dressing room was open and servant girls were filling the bath. She yawned and stretched.
One of the girls came into the room and bowed. “We thought you might like a bath, my Lady, before your evening meal.”
“That would be lovely,” said Kiya. She got out of bed and went into the bathroom. The girls took their empty jugs and left.
Kiya removed her tunic and, with a sigh of pleasure, she immersed herself in the warm water. Her swollen stomach rose above the surface like an island. She stroked it and felt a wave of love from the foetus. Is that normal? she wondered. Is every woman loved by the growing child inside her?
A thick towel hung on a rack beside the bath. Kiya lay relaxing until the water cooled than she got out of the bath and towelled herself dry.
She crossed to the table where there was a mirror, a comb, kohl and a bottle of scented oil. Kiya rubbed the oil into her skin and combed her hair. When she looked into the mirror she knew that she had never looked more beautiful. Her skin had a glow that was almost luminescent.
Kiya wrapped herself in a robe from one of Dennu’s clothes stands and went back into the bedroom, where the brazier had been lit and a supper-tray placed beside the seating pit.
After a light meal of dates and honey cakes washed down by beer, Kiya sat and stared into the brazier. Where was Dennu now? Would he come home tonight? Would she have a chance to make everything right between them? Was it even possible? Concerns about the present obliterated her worries for the future.
The fire burnt low and Kiya got into bed and waited for Dennu to come to her. Eventually she slept and in the morning she woke alone. He had not returned. She tried to put on her old shift but it was too tight to fit over her belly and so she wore Dennu’s tunic again.
Breakfast was ready on the table in the main room. It was laid for one. Sadly Kiya ate and then she went out onto the veranda and sat looking at the garden. A pair of doves perched side by side in a nearby bush, rubbing their beaks together and cooing. One of them abruptly flew away, leaving the other alone and disconsolate. After waiting a while the other left in another direction. Kiya was drawing a comparison with her own situation when she saw Dennu striding through the garden towards her. He looked magnificent in full battle dress, with wide leather straps across his chest and a sword at his side.
She ran to greet him as he bounded up the steps and onto the terrace. He stopped before she reached him and raised his hand in a military salute. “I have come to say goodbye.”
She flung her arms around him. “Let me come with you Dennu, don’t leave me.” The bronze rivets on his straps pressed into her painfully but she held him close and for a brief moment she felt his arms around her. Then they dropped to his sides.
“Don’t make this more difficult for me, Kiya,” he said. “You know why I cannot be with you.” His voice was cold and she knew that the armour was around his heart as well as his body.
She let go of him and stood back, gazing up at him with anxious eyes. “Are you going to Crete?”
“Yes, the boat is waiting to take us to Gesem.”
“Be careful, Dennu, it has become lawless in the delta.”
“Perhaps this might be a good time to teach me your spell.”
“What spell?”
“The one that gives you invisible armour that can protect you from a spear.”
“There is no spell.”
“Even now you are determined to keep secrets from me.”
“Wait, I have something for you.” Kiya remembered her spear and hurried into the bedroom, fearful that he might leave before she returned. The spear was leaning against the wall. She grabbed it and ran back to where Dennu waited on the terrace.
“I want you to take this spear with you. It is made of star metal and can pierce the hide of a hippopotamus or even a crocodile.”
“Star metal?” He took the spear and examined the point. “This is a generous gift indeed!”
Kiya reached out and touched his arm. “Come back to me, Dennu.”
The ice melted. He smiled, leant forwards and gave her a quick kiss on the forehead. “I must hurry, the ship is waiting. Take care, my love.”
He left the terrace and Kiya stared after him. He had not said he would return, but perhaps he, himself, did not know. Time changes so many things. She watched as he walked across the lawn to where his men were waiting. They saluted and followed him round the corner of the palace and out of sight. Kiya gazed after him and felt strangely at peace for she could do no more. The fate of her marriage rested on Dennu’s ability to accept her condition. She returned to the veranda. The long day stretched out before her and she wondered how she would pass the time.
“Kiya!” Laylos was hurrying across the terrace towards her, flushed and out of breath as though she had been running. “Oh Kiya, great news,” panted her aunt. “Sabu has come with the donkey and has agreed to take you home.”
Kiya’s new-found peace was shattered. “What about Dennu? Should I not wait for him here?”
“He will know where to find you,” said Laylos. “You are not safe in the palace without a husband to watch out for you. Despite the gold you gave her, Bunefer might reveal her suspicions and if the King recognises you as his bride, you will be shut in the harem and guarded forever.”
“But I have made no preparations.”
“Don’t worry, my dear. I have loaded Enno with food and drink and there is a travelling cloak to keep you warm at night. Look, I have brought your shift. There is still plenty of gold left in its pockets if you need some for your journey.”
“Thank you,” said Kiya. She took the shift from her aunt and regarded it dubiously. “I fear it is much too narrow, I will have to wear this tunic of Dennu’s. Tell him that I am sorry to have taken it.”
“I am sure he would not object,” said Laylos. “You are his wife, after all. Though even I am starting to lose count. You have had more husbands in the past year than I have had in my whole lifetime! Anubis, the King, Dennu.” She reeled the names off.
Despite her anxiety, Kiya smiled at her teasing. “You know the first two don’t count, Aunt. I am determined to remain faithful to Dennu.” She took Laylos’s arm. “We must stroll through the garden as casually as possible I don’t want anyone to suspect that I am leaving.”
The guard at the door watched them approach. Kiya half expected him to stop and question them but he stood back and saluted as they passed.

Chapter Eighty Four: Home
Kiya felt as if she had entered a different world when she emerged from the palace onto the crowded, dusty street. She saw Sabu waiting for them, a stationary figure among the busy throng. He was dressed in Bedouin robes and held a staff in one hand and the donkey’s reins in the other.
“Sabu, how wonderful to see you,” said Kiya. She ran towards him, intending to embrace him, but paused when he bowed.
“My Lady. You look beautiful as always.”
“I am so grateful that you can take me home. You must let me pay you.”
Sabu raised a hand. “No, my Lady. I am already indebted to you. Your generous wedding gift allowed me to buy land and goats. I am leader of my own tribe now.”
“Sabu has done very well,” said Laylos as she unpacked a cloak from the donkey’s panniers. “Now put this on Kiya, you have a long journey ahead of you.” She put the cloak around Kiya’s shoulders, then looked beyond her and smiled. “Oh, good, here comes Huy. He was hoping to get here in time.”
Kiya turned to see Huy hurrying towards them. People drew aside at the sight of his uniform and he was soon at her side.
“I hope you were not going to leave without saying goodbye,” he said.
“Thank you for everything you have done for me, Huy,” said Kiya.
“It has been a pleasure,” said her uncle. “Life will be dull around here without you, Kiya.”
“I will miss you,” said Kiya. She reached up and kissed him, then she flung her arms around her aunt and kissed her too. “I love you both.”
“I pray to the gods for your safe delivery, my darling,” said Laylos. “We look forward to cuddling the new baby when you return to Akhetaten.”
“Have a safe journey and give our love to your parents,” said Huy.
“Please, my Lady, allow me to help you mount the donkey,” said Sabu and he lifted her onto Enno’s back.
“Don’t forget to tell Dennu where I have gone,” said Kiya as she seized hold of Enno’s halter.
“I won’t, my dear,” said Laylos.
Sabu led the donkey down the road and Kiya turned to wave goodbye. Her aunt and uncle waved back and she watched them until the crowds closed in and they were out of sight.
Kiya was aware of hostile eyes as she and Sabu made their way through the streets of Akhetaten. There were mutterings of “Nomads” and “Bedouins” as if they represented an alien culture in a settled land. She felt more relaxed when they had left the city and were on the road to Thebes.
At lunch time they stopped in the shade of a palm grove and Sabu helped Kiya down from the donkey.
“Are you tired, my Lady?”
“Yes, but also hungry and thirsty. Let us see what Laylos has packed in the food bag.” Kiya brought out flat bread, dates and cheese and shared them with Sabu. “Would you like beer?” she asked.
“Yes please. I say nothing against sweet water and yoghurt but I prefer a drink of beer.”
Kiya poured two goblets from the barrel attached to Enno’s back and handed one to Sabu. Then they sat on the grass and ate and drank and watched people pass by.
“Are you happy, Sabu?” asked Kiya.
“Sometimes,” he said. “I was happy when I heard you had returned safely from the delta. But mostly I am content. Nadia Djar fills my heart and the desert fills my soul. What about you, my Lady. Are you happy?”
Kiya sighed. “I thought I had happiness in my grasp but it slipped away from me. Now my heart and soul are troubled.” She felt a glow of love from the child within. “I carry a precious burden, Sabu, I must live for my child and not myself.”
“And I am pledged to return you safely to your home. Do you want to rest, my Lady? Or are you ready to travel on.”
“I am ready to go on.” Kiya packed away the goblets and allowed Sabu to help her up onto the donkey.
By late afternoon they reached the inn where they had been attacked. Kiya heard sounds of drunken laughter from within and saw several ox carts parked outside. A soldier guarding the carts glared as if he might challenge them but Sabu flung back his cloak revealing a sword strapped to his side and the soldier looked away as they hurried past.
By the evening, Kiya was exhausted. “We must stop for the night,” she said to Sabu. “I fear I can go no further.”
“I regret that you will have to spend the night in the open,” he said. “But a Bedouin would not be welcome at an inn.”
“I am so tired that I could sleep anywhere,” she said.
They found a hidden spot among some bushes and tethered the donkey. Then they ate and drank and settled down to sleep. Kiya wrapped herself in her travelling cloak and lay on a mattress of grass. Warmed by the heat of the baby inside her, she gazed up at the stars. One shone more brightly than the others and hung in the sky above Thebes as if it was showing the way home.
The next day, after breakfast, Kiya mounted Enno and felt happy at the thought of seeing her parents again. As she was led by Sabu through a familiar landscape of fields and escarpments she wondered what her mother would say when she saw that she was pregnant.
Thebes lay ahead and across the river and Kiya could see the great temple of Ipet-Isut looking diminished without its obelisks.
“I hope I do not meet any of my old comrades,” said Sabu as they walked through the streets of the east bank of the city. “There could be awkward questions to answer.”
Kiya laughed. “Don’t worry, Sabu. With that beard and in those clothes they would never recognise you.”
They took the ferry across the river and Kiya was on home ground, but how different the west bank of Thebes had become. They passed through an almost empty market place and she saw an open bar.
“Let us stop here for lunch, Sabu.”
Kiya was apprehensive that the barman might be reluctant to serve Bedouins, but he ushered them to a table with enthusiasm.
“It is a pleasure to have new customers.”
“Is business bad?” she asked.
“Everyone has left since the temple closed. Few farmers sell their goods in the market and food is hard to come by. All has been taken by the King to feed Akhetaten.”
Kiya chose a bird-egg omelette with cheese and wild greens. Sabu decided upon fried fish with bread. They drank beer and ate and complemented the bar-keeper on providing such good food in difficult circumstances.
“I hope everything returns to normal soon,” said Kiya as she paid him.
“I don’t see how,” he said gloomily.
Kiya’s excitement grew as they travelled along the road from Thebes. Soon she would be home. She had not realised how much she had missed her parents until the imminence of homecoming.
“This is the turning, Sabu,” she said as they reached the raised pathway that led to the farmhouse.
Everything was as she remembered it. The fields on either side were well tended and when Sabu knocked on the door of the house Ramala opened it. Her enquiring expression turned to one of joy when she recognised Kiya.
“Kiya, my darling you have come home!” cried Ramala. “She turned and called out, “Teos, come quickly. Kiya is here.”
Teos hurried out of the house and helped Kiya from the donkey. “It is a pleasure to have you back,” he said. “Have you returned for good?”
“I am not sure,” said Kiya and was about to explain but was interrupted by her mother.
“You are with child! How wonderful.” She flung her arms around Kiya and kissed her then she turned to Sabu. “Is this your husband?”
“No, this is Sabu. He is my bodyguard.”
Ramala had been about to kiss Sabu but upon this information she merely bowed. “Welcome, Sabu,” she said.
Teos embraced Kiya. “Thank you for bringing my daughter safely home,” he said to Sabu. “Would you like refreshment?”
“I am grateful, but I must be getting back to my tribe.” He handed over Enno’s rope. “The children will miss Enno, they have made a great pet of him.”
“Thank you Sabu, for everything you have done,” said Kiya, and this time she did kiss him, on the cheek, and felt the rough growth of his beard beneath her lips.
“I am forever your servant, Kiya,” he said and he was gone, striding down the track to the main road.
Ramala put her arm around Kiya. “Tell me, who is the father?” she asked.
“It’s a long story,” said Kiya and allowed her parents to lead her into the house.

Chapter Eighty Five Khamet
Shemu, the season of growth and harvest, was a busy time for farmers beside the Nile. Kiya helped her stepfather weed the crops but Teos forbade her to use the shaduf, for fear that the exertion of hauling water from the river might damage her pregnancy.
Soon her growing belly made it difficult for Kiya to bend with the hoe and she was able to spend less time in the fields.
“You can help me with my medicines, dear,” said Ramala, when she saw that Kiya fretted for want of occupation. So Kiya helped her mother grind and mix herbs. She made parchment envelopes, copied spells and learnt how to make neat little pills by mixing medicinal ingredients with dough or beeswax.
“I will soon be able to run my own medicine business,” Kiya joked.
“The knowledge I gained from my sister has changed our lives for the better,” said Ramala. “At last I can make a contribution. But I doubt if you will ever need such skills, Kiya, you are married to one of the most successful men in the kingdom.”
“I suppose so,” said Kiya and wondered if her marriage was over before it had started. Weeks had passed and Dennu had not sent for her. Perhaps he was detained in Crete, perhaps he had run into trouble, perhaps he no longer wanted her. Such speculations were endless and had caused her many a restless night.
Ramala, too, was beginning to worry. “I have been expecting Dennu to send for you, but perhaps he is waiting until after the birth.”
“Probably,” said Kiya. She bent over her work and hoped that her mother was right.
“I am making this infusion for Hernieth,” said Ramala as she added spices to a flask of beer in which leaves were soaking. “Do you remember our neighbour?”
“Of course,” said Kiya. She knew Hernieth well. In the old days she had let Kiya play on her land. Hernieth had run a busy household then, with her husband, her son and his young family. But the years had passed and, when Kiya had last seen her, she was an old woman.
“She has the wasting sickness,” sighed Ramala. “I have tried every combination of herbs to try to improve her appetite, but she has become emaciated. Perhaps I have failed to copy the spells correctly.”
Kiya watched her mother reproduce a hieroglyph from the papers Laylos had given her. “It looks correct to me,” she said. “Even Aunt Laylos, could not save all her patients and she has been a medicine woman for many years.”
There was a knock on the door. “That must be Khamet,” said Ramala. She opened the door and a young man entered the house. “How is your grandmother today, Khamet?” she asked.
The man shook his head sadly. “She has not eaten for days. I have managed to persuade her to drink honeyed milk, but she has little appetite.”
“I wish I could do more,” said Ramala.
“You have done everything possible,” said Khamet. “Whatever happens, both she and I are grateful to you.”
“Do you remember my daughter Kiya?” said Ramala.
Khamet turned and looked at Kiya with a grin. “Are you that skinny, little creature who was so frightened of frogs?”
Kiya recognised him now. He was Hernieth’s grandson, a teasing bully of a boy, who used to chase her with all manner of slimy creatures. “Yes,” she said, “and worms and slugs and everything else you threatened to put down my back.”
“Sorry about that,” he said, but he did not look remorseful. “I hear that congratulations are in order.”
“Thank you.”
“When will you be returning to your husband in Akhetaten?”
“He is on a mission to Crete but will send for me when he gets back.”
“You can be in no better hands than those of your mother for the birthing of your child.” He smiled politely and turned back to Ramala.
Kiya watched as he discussed payment for the medicine. Despite his unpleasantness as a boy, Khamet had turned out well. He was tall and broad-shouldered, with an infectious grin. He had moved away with his parents many years ago and Kiya had not seen him since, but the fact he had come back to look after his grandmother showed a caring nature.
“In return for the medicine I will do an hour’s work harvesting your cabbages,” said Khamet. “Indeed, it will be a pleasure to help Teos. I have noticed that his back is troubling him and he finds it difficult to bend low.”
“I fear that age is creeping up on us all,” said Ramala, handing him the flask and a written spell. “Even the best medication cannot halt the passage of time. Please give my regards to your grandmother.”
“I will do so,” he said. “Many thanks.” And, with a nod to Kiya, he left.
“What a nice boy,” said Ramala. “He took over the farm when his grandfather died and has been caring for Hernieth ever since.”
“He has much improved from when he was a child,” said Kiya and felt glad her parents had such a helpful neighbour.
As the season progressed, Kiya became uncomfortably large. Teos and Khamet created a hammock for her from a sheet tied to four palm trees. There she lay in the shade and watched nature unfold around her. Never before had she spent time admiring the beauty of creation and she was filled with love for all living things.
She loved the way papyrus reeds were tipped with tight spirals of leaves that spread out like many-fingered hands. Within every hand was a cluster of flowers, each on a tiny stem so they looked like a miniature replica of the reed that bore them. As it had been ordained, so it came to pass.
She loved the delicate network on the wings of a fly, the sheen on a dragonfly’s body, the perfection of a bird’s feather. Every detail fulfilled the promise of each tiny egg and seed.
She came to realise that this new appreciation of nature came from deep within, not from herself but from her baby. She was in awe of what was developing inside her. Even when first sentient, the foetus had wrought a miracle by healing her arm. She longed for it to be born so she could hold her child in her arms and be a true mother.

Chapter Eighty Six: A Father’s Curse
One day, when Kiya was lying half-asleep on the hammock, she saw a huge snake coiled around the trunk of one of the supporting palm trees. It oozed towards her. In her blissful state she felt no fear but admired the pattern of its scales and the way they rippled as it moved. When the serpent came near she smelt the aroma of frankincense and knew that it was her father.
She smiled as its flickering tongue approached her face. “Hello, Father,” she said. For a moment the snake held its shape then it changed into a man and jumped down to stand beside her hammock.
“I should have known I could not surprise you,” Seth said, glaring down at her. “You may live to regret your ability to smell the essence of immortals.”
“I am glad to see you, Father. I have such good news. You will soon be a grandfather.”
Seth surveyed her bulge without enthusiasm. “Who is the father?”
“I do not know,” she said and stroked her stomach dreamily. “I am still a virgin so the conception is a mystery.” The baby stirred and a glow of love suffused her. It was so powerful that even Seth must have become aware of it, for he looked startled and took a step back.
“You are using love as a weapon against me!” he snarled.
“A weapon?” She was confused.
“I am not talking to you. I am talking to the being inside you.”
“My baby?”
“You poor, deluded creature,” Seth snarled. “That is not my grandchild. It is not even your baby. You are merely the means by which it is being brought into the world.”
“I don’t understand.” Kiya lay on her hammock and smiled. Poor Seth. She felt pity for his anger and yet she loved him, for her whole being was filled with the love that came from the baby.
“Stop smiling at me, you pathetic girl! Don’t you understand that the child has been put inside you without your knowledge or agreement? You are being used as an incubator. You can no more possess that baby than you can possess sunshine.”
“Can any mother truly possess her child,” said Kiya.
His frown deepened. “Do you not understand what is happening? For what purpose is this child being sent into the World? Why should you be the chosen one?” He paused as if expecting answers, then he shrugged. “I am wasting my time asking such questions of an ignorant girl. I should kill you now and the creature growing within you.”
Kiya wrapped her arms across her belly, instinctively trying to protect her child. “Would you kill your own daughter?”
“You call yourself my daughter and yet you have thwarted my plans by restoring Osiris to life.”
“I am sorry to have upset you, Father, but Egypt needs the temples of its old gods. Now that Isis is happy things can continue as normal.”
“Do you think I hid my brother’s ka just to hurt his wife? I am insulted. I did it to stop him building a dam that will block the Nile. I killed him, I admit it, but it was a fair fight and in doing so I hoped to restore the valley to its natural state.”
“Block the river? Why would Osiris do that?” Kiya looked at her father aghast.
“He intends to regulate the flow of water and bring an end to the floods.”
“Why?”
Seth shrugged. “Controlling nature is his ambition. He is the god of order and the enemy of chaos.”
Kiya was horrified that in saving Osiris she had created such a crisis. “Without the inundation bringing mud to the fields the land will become infertile,” she cried. “The idea is madness.”
“And it is all your fault. I regret the impulse that made me impregnate your mother in the temple. I have paid for that moment of lust a thousand fold.”
“I am sorry,” said Kiya.
“Sorry? I think not. You have managed to gain my attention by upsetting my plans. That must make an inferior creature, such as yourself, very proud.” He grew taller as his rage increased and his hair became as red as flames. “You are a tedious mortal, who has inherited none of my godly gifts. I intended never to see you again, but here I am, facing an unworthy opponent.”
Despite her fear, Kiya had to admit her pleasure at their meeting. “I wish I could be a proper daughter to you, Father,” she said. “One you could love.”
“Love? What nonsense! That creature inside you is blinding you to reality. I came here to tell you that you have unleashed death and destruction upon Egypt. I will show Osiris what the effects of stopping the flood will be. Even he cannot argue for a dam when famine hits the land.”
Kiya looked at her father in alarm. He towered above her hammock and his eyes shone with a fanatical light. “What are you going to do?” she asked.
“I know a simpler way to stop the flooding. The rain that fills the Nile falls upon Nubia. All I need do is blow the storm clouds away to waste their water on the African desert.
“No, please have mercy.”
Her distress made him smile – a grim twisting of the mouth that was more of a grimace. “Much as you deserve to be killed for going against my wishes, Kiya, I will allow you to live to see the consequences of your actions. Egypt will starve. Thousands will die – men women and children - and it will be your fault.” The rage within him was so great that his body could no longer contain it. He flickered for a moment then exploded into dust and was borne away on the wind.
Kiya watched as his swirling dust cloud vanished into the haze. Would her father really do such a terrible thing? She remembered the power of his anger and his contempt for mortals and knew that Seth was capable of anything.
A griping pain in her abdomen distracted her. It faded and she tried to bring her mind back to the problem but another pain made her groan in agony and she knew that the birthing had started.

Chapter Eighty Seven: Birthing
When the second pang was over, Kiya hurried indoors to find her mother. She looked for her in the living room, but she was not in the kitchen area nor at her loom. With rising panic she checked the yard but Ramala was not at the water trough.
“Mother!” she shouted.
An answering call came from outside and Ramala entered the house with a handful of mint leaves. “Is anything wrong, Kiya?”
“I think the baby is coming,” Kiya cried.
“Don’t look so worried, my dear, we are well prepared.” She took Kiya’s arm and led her to the seating ledge.
“Should I sit on the birthing box?” asked Kiya. Teos had built the box out of bricks. It had a hole on the top on which she would sit and a gap in the side, through which the baby would be delivered.
In the weeks since he had built it she had regarded it nervously. It crouched in the corner of the living room waiting for her, its threatening presence a reminder of the agonies to come.
“You do not need the box yet,” said Ramala. “We will wait until the pangs become more urgent.” She handed Kiya a goblet of beer. “Take refreshment while you can, Kiya. This is your first baby and it may take some time for it to be born.” She went into the kitchen and opened a jar of honey cakes.
“I saw Seth in the palm grove just now,” said Kiya.
“Seth?” Her mother sounded startled. “Are you sure?”
Kiya looked at her mother, wondering how she might be affected by news of the god who had attacked her in the temple all those years ago. “Yes, he came to me as a snake but I recognised him by the scent of his ka and he changed into his true shape.”
“You must have been dreaming. What did he want of you?” Ramala looked flustered as she brought a plate of cakes and dates to Kiya. “I hope you are safe from him, Kiya. He may be your father, but he is capable of any atrocity.”
“I know, and I am fearful of what he might do. He was angry because I found Osiris’s soul and brought him back to life. He threatened to stop the Nile flooding.”
Ramala was aghast. “He would never do such a thing! He is evil to even think of it. How could Egypt survive without the inundation?”
“I have been worrying about the future, Mother,” said Kiya. “But now I am worried that I will not have a future. Many women die in childbirth.”
Ramala kissed her gently on the top of the head. “This is what a woman is born for. You must face childbirth bravely, as we all do. What greater privilege is there than to bring new life into this world?”
Another pang hit Kiya. Immediately she felt the baby’s love and the pain grew less.
Ramala went to her storage chest and brought out three amulets on a linen cord. “It is time for you to wear these,” she said. “The gods of childbirth will protect you.” Kiya thanked her mother and looked at the amulets before putting the cord around her neck.
“It is strange that the gods of childbirth should be so ugly,” she said. Tawaret was a pregnant hippopotamus, Heget had the head of a frog and Bes looked even more grotesque with staring eyes and his tongue poking out. “I do not want to wear this one,” she said, sliding amulet of Bes off the cord and handing it to her mother.
“Why not?”
Kiya was reluctant to tell Ramala about her near-encounter with the murderous dwarf instead she said, “He is too hideous.”
“Shush,” said Ramala. “The ugliness of the gods of childbirth is to scare away evil spirits. You must not insult them.”
“Even so, I am sure that Tawaret and Heget will offer protection enough,” said Kiya and tied the two amulets around her neck. She groaned as another pang hit her.
Ramala fetched a flask of medicine from her chest. “Drink some of this, Kiya,” she said and poured a little into the empty goblet.
“What is it?” asked Kiya and took a sniff.
“It is belladonna,” said Ramala. “It will make you sleepy and relieve the pain.”
Kiya drank it and shivered at its unpleasant taste.
“We must prepare you for the birthing,” She helped Kiya take off her shift then plaited her hair so it was away from her face and tied a linen band around her forehead. “I have prepared several spells,” she said and she tucked pieces of paper into the band so they rested against Kiya’s forehead.
“I am sure no woman has ever been so well prepared,” said Kiya and she winced with pain at another contraction. Once more she felt the baby’s love. She stroked her naked stomach and loved it back and prayed that it would not be harmed by the birthing.
“It is time for you to sit on the box,” said Ramala. “The pangs are becoming more frequent and your waters will soon break.”
“Will that hurt?” asked Kiya.
“No, it is part of the natural process,” said Ramala as she helped Kiya to the box. “It is why water creatures such as a frog and a hippopotamus are among the gods of childbirth.”
There was another pang. Ramala hurried to her storage chest and brought out a jar. “I prepared these medicines a few days ago, when I knew your birthing was imminent. This is a cream containing camphor, which will cool your stomach.” She rubbed it onto Kiya’s abdomen and within a few moments Kiya’s skin cooled refreshingly.
After the next pang, Kiya’s waters broke. She felt no particular pain but felt the water gush out and heard it fall into a bowl her mother had placed inside the box. When the last few trickles had fallen Ramala removed the bowl and looked at the contents. “No blood,” she said. “That is a good sign.”
While Ramala cleaned the bowl and filled it with fresh water, Kiya felt another pang and, this time, she had an urge to push downwards.
“Hurry, Mother. I think the baby is coming.”
Ramala rushed back with the bowl and a linen towel. “Do you feel the need to push?”
“Yes.” Kiya relaxed and realised that her forehead was clammy with sweat.
“Poor dear.” Ramala pressed the damp towel against her face and rubbed more camphor cream into her stomach.
The pangs came again and again.
“I really think it is coming this time,” said Kiya. Ramala knelt beside the box and felt inside.
“You are right! I can feel the top of the baby’s head,” she said as Kiya pushed downwards.
Ramala started muttering prayers. The pain came once more and Kiya pushed. There was a slithering rush and Ramala cried out in triumph. “The baby has been born!”

Chapter Eighty Eight: Meri
Ramala sat cross legged beside the birthing box and cradled the baby on her knees. “What an easy birth,” she said. She gently wiped the blood and mucus from the baby’s body with the damp towel.
Easy? thought Kiya. That was hardly how she would describe it. “How is the baby?” she said.
“He is fine,” said Ramala, holding him up for inspection. “A beautiful baby boy.”
Kiya looked at her son with joy. He was perfect - plump and smooth and golden. She held him in her arms while Ramala cut the cord and bandaged the end. Kiya kissed the baby, feeling how soft the top of his skull was beneath her lips. She felt his love like a glow that echoed the love she felt for him.
“You must have a wash, my dear, and then you must rest,” said Ramala. She took the baby and followed Kiya out to the trough in the back yard. “It is extraordinary,” she said.
“What?” said Kiya, as she cleaned away the blood from between her legs.
“The love I feel coming from this baby. I have never experienced anything like it.”
“I know. I felt it when I was pregnant but it continues even now.”
“What is his name? Have you decided?”
“There can only be one name – Meri, for Meri means love.”
“You are right. My grandson, Meri.” Ramala gazed tenderly down at the baby and he opened his eyes for the first time. Kiya saw with a shock that his eyes were not brown, like most Egyptians, but a brilliant blue that seemed to shine as brightly as the sky. “What strange eyes he has,” said Ramala.
“Let me take him,” said Kiya. She held the baby against her breast and he closed his eyes once more. He nuzzled against her, feeling for her nipple. His questing mouth found it and he started to suck. She felt her body tingle as he fed and her heart was filled with joy.
Ramala went indoors to prepare the seating ledge as a day bed for Kiya. A flurry of movement caught Kiya’s eye and she looked up to where a flock of sparrows had settled on the balustrade of the roof and were looking down into the yard with bright, inquisitive eyes.
The baby in her arms stirred, opened his eyes, and reached up as if to greet them. Kiya felt his love for the pretty creatures and they must have sensed it too, for a few of the bolder ones flew down into the yard. Some perched on the side of the trough, others landed upon the beaten earth, almost touching Kiya’s naked feet. She stood as still as a statue, hardly daring to breath, as they clustered around.
Ramala called from the house, “The bed is ready.”Her voice disturbed the birds and, with a clatter of wings, they flew back up to the safety of the roof.
Kiya was thoughtful as she carried the baby indoors. The love she thought was for her alone extended to others and even to birds. She lay on the bed and Ramala covered her naked body with a sheet.
The baby snuggled against her, found her breast and suckled greedily. Meri, my beloved son, she thought. How difficult it will be to share your love with the world.
After a while Teos came into the room. He looked nervous. “Is it over?” he asked.
“Yes, you are safe to come in,” said Ramala with a laugh. “Look, you have a fine grandson.”
Meri had fed and was asleep. Kiya gently lifted him into the arms of Teos. “What a beautiful baby,” he said. “What is he called?”
“Meri,” said Ramala. “We must have a birth ceremony and bury the placenta beside the door.”
“I will get my spade,” said Teos. He was about to hand the baby back to Kiya when Meri woke and regarded Teos with his strange, blue eyes. Even from a distance Kiya could feel the love the baby felt for her father. Within the shadow of Teos’s arms the baby seemed to glow with an inner light. Teos looked stunned then he handed the baby to Kiya and hurried from the room.
By the time Teos returned with his spade, Kiya had dressed and combed her hair. She held her sleeping baby and watched Teos dig a hole beside the front doorstep. Ramala fetched the placenta, which had been left in the birthing box. Kiya shivered when she saw it. It looked like liver and reminded her of the horror of watching the Minotaur devour a girl.
As if in response to her emotion, the baby’s love grew stronger. How could such a miraculous baby have been conceived? Thought Kiya, she must have had knowledge of such a portentous event. She remembered the night when a star came down from the heavens. It rested upon her bed and then sank down as if absorbed into her belly. She recalled the warmth and the sense of wonder. Could the moment of conception have been then?
Teos finished digging the hole and Ramala placed the placenta into it. The three of them stood gazing down at the dark-red mass while Ramala said the prayer of the birth ceremony.
“In the name of Tawaret, we thank thee
In the name of Heget, we thank thee,
In the name of Bes, we thank thee.
Twin soul of Meri, who nourished him in the womb.
May your presence at our door protect him.
In the name of Amun.”
Kiya watched as Teos shovelled the earth in on top of the placenta and prayed that Meri would survive the troubles of a wicked world.
“That is strange,” said Teos as he straightened from his task. “My back doesn’t twinge any more.”
“Really?” said Ramala. “That is good news, my love. My salves must finally have worked.”
“Unless...” Teos looked at the baby.
Ramala followed his gaze. “You think Meri might be a healer?”
“No,” said Kiya. “He is just a baby.”
“You said yourself that you must learn to share him,” said Ramala.
“Yes, but not yet.”
“Don’t get upset, my dear,” said Ramala. “It has been a long day. Come, let us eat supper. A new baby will probably disturb our sleep so the sooner we get to bed the better.”

Chapter Eighty Nine: Birds
Kiya slept well that night with the baby at her side. Three or four times she woke to find the baby searching for her breast but, after suckling Meri, she fell asleep once more. The joy she felt at the baby’s birth was still with her the next morning. She lay in bed with her eyes closed, feeling the sun warm upon her face, and knew she would do anything for her baby, even sacrifice her own life without a second thought.
“What are all these birds doing?” Ramala’s voice was startled.
Kiya opened her eyes to see her mother sitting up in bed and looking around with wide eyes at the birds that surrounded them upon the roof.
Kiya clutched the baby to her and stared at the birds. There were all kinds – starlings, sparrows, thrushes, crows. Although vulnerable on the open roof, they showed no fear of the hawks, which hovered overhead. All were focused on Meri and they stood silently looking at him.
“Go away!” shouted Ramala. She leapt out of bed and flapped her hands. With a fluttering of feathers the birds rose into the air and flew away.
“How extraordinary,” said Ramala. “I have never seen anything like that before. You don’t think it has anything to do with the baby do you?”
“It might do,” said Kiya.
Ramala frowned. “It could make life very awkward.”
“Is breakfast ready yet?” The sound of Teos’s voice came from the vegetable patch. “I have finished picking lettuces.”
“I am just about to start preparing it,” Ramala called down. She turned to Kiya. “He managed that quickly. His back problem is completely cured.”
Kiya dressed and followed her mother downstairs with the baby.
“How are you feeling, Kiya?” asked Ramala as she stoked up the kitchen fire and put a pot of water on to boil.
“I am fine,” said Kiya.
“You are not tired or sore? Your nipples do not feel cracked?” Kiya shook her head. “It is as I thought, Meri is a healer. You have recovered from the stress of birthing remarkably quickly. Most women need weeks of rest.” She tipped grain into the water and stirred.
Teos came in with an armful of lettuces. He came over to Kiya and kissed the baby on the cheek. Meri stirred and gave out a loving glow. “Thank you for curing my back,” said Teos. “I feel like a young man again.” He turned to Ramala. “I will take lettuces and carrots to market. Prices are rising. People say that there is famine in the delta and foodstuff is much in demand.”
Kiya nodded. “I saw deserted fields when I was there. It has become a lawless place since the garrisons closed and farmers are fleeing to save their lives.”
“I feel sorry for them, of course,” said Teos. “But we are safe enough here and the high prices are very welcome, especially as so much of our produce is taken by the tax gatherers.”
“I still have some of the gold, which Anubis gave me, in my money belt,” said Kiya. “We need never want for money.”
Teos shook his head. “That gold is yours, Kiya. Who knows what challenges the future holds for you? Now that Ramala has her own medicine business we are more comfortably off than we have ever been.”
“It would be provident to save as much food as possible for our own use,” said Ramala. “Just in case there is a famine here.”
Teos laughed. “At your bidding I have kept back sacks of barley and wheat, but if I do not sell the lettuces they will spoil.”
While her parents ate breakfast, Kiya suckled the baby and listened to them talk about the situation in Thebes.
“Some businesses are booming,” said Teos. “The inns and whore houses have never been so busy as people try to forget their sorrows. The slave traders are busy too. Many debtors are being sold into slavery to pay off the money they owe.”
“The market was almost empty when I came through it on my way home,” said Kiya.
Teos nodded. “It is no longer a meeting place for farmers. Prices are high but there is much thievery. We sell what we cannot keep and, thanks to the demand, are able to return home promptly.”
After Teos had returned to work in the fields, there was a knock on the door and Khamet entered. “I am sorry to trouble you so early,” he said. “But my grandmother is failing rapidly. She is in great pain and I wonder if you have any medicine that would help her.”
“I have some belladonna left over from the birthing,” said Ramala. “Wait while I write out the spell.”
“The birthing?” Khamet saw the baby at Kiya’s breast. “Congratulations. What a beautiful baby. Your husband will be delighted to have such a child. Are you expecting to return to him soon?”
“Yes,” said Kiya. Meri finished suckling and turned his head to look at Khamet. Kiya fumbled to do up her shift, embarrassed to expose her breast to the eyes of the young man.
“Here let me take him for a moment,” he said. “What amazing eyes he has.” He stopped and stared, feeling the strength of Meri’s love, then he handed him back to Kiya. “What an astonishing child!”
“We think he might be a healer,” said Ramala.
Khamet turned to Kiya. “Please let my grandmother see the baby. She often speaks fondly of you and remembers you from a very young girl. I do not hope that she can be healed for her sickness is beyond such miracles. But her heart would be warmed by such a loving baby.”
Ramala had finished writing the spell. She picked up the flask of belladonna medicine. “Come on Kiya,” she said. “This may be your last chance to see Hernieth.”
Kiya fought back her instincts to protect the baby. What harm can come of bringing Meri to her neighbour? “Very well,” she said and, holding Meri tightly in her arms, she followed Ramala and Khamet out of the house.

Chapter Ninety: Hernieth
Hernieth’s house was reached by a grassy track, which ran through the fields. A large white stone marked the boundary between the two farms. Kiya smiled when she saw it, for one of Teos’s first duties after the flood was to check that the waters had not moved the boundary markers. It was a time of much squabbling among peasant farmers but Teos was a good-natured man who had always been on friendly terms with his neighbours.
Khamet reached the house before them and held the door open for Kiya and Ramala to enter.
“Ramala has brought medicine for you, Grandmother,” he said. “And Kiya has brought her new baby to show you.”
A dark shape on the seating bench stirred and a withered arm stretched out to them. “Thank you, my dears. Help me sit up, please, Khamet.”
Khamet hurried to his grandmother’s side and gently supported her into a sitting position. The old lady winced in pain as he did so, but never made a murmur.
Kiya was horrified to see Hernieth in such a state. She had last seen her a year before, when Hernieth had been newly widowed and they had walked together to Thebes. Her neighbour had felt unwell and was going to buy medicines. Was that the start of the illness that had reduced her to skeletal fragility?
Ramala poured belladonna medicine into a goblet. She gave Hernieth a copy of the spell that would make the medicine work and then held the goblet to the old lady’s lips. A few mouthfuls were swallowed before Hernieth smiled and pushed the goblet away. “Thank you, Ramala. You have been a great help. I feel that the pain has diminished already.”
“We have brought my new grandson to see you,” said Ramala, indicating Kiya and the baby.
Kiya had been clutching Meri tightly, but now she held the baby out so the old lady could see him.
“Bring him closer, dear. My eyes are dim,” said Hernieth.
Kiya approached reluctantly and felt the power of love as her baby stretched out his arms to the dying woman.
“Let Hernieth hold the baby,” said Ramala. “He will be quite safe.”
Obediently, Kiya put her beloved child into the arms of Hernieth and watched as the old woman gazed in wonder at the blue eyes which looked up at her.
Slowly the face of Hernieth changed. The tenseness caused by her pain disappeared and Kiya realised that she was being healed. For a few moments longer she let Meri remain in Hernieth’s arms then she saw that the light in her baby’s eyes was dimming.
“Let me have him back!” she cried and snatched Meri away.
“Well, really, dear!” said Ramala, shocked by her behaviour.
“Don’t you see?” said Kiya. “He is losing his life force.” She felt tears pour from her eyes as she cradled Meri in her arms.
“I am so sorry,” said Ramala to Hernieth. “You know how protective new mothers can be.”
Hernieth sat on her bed as if stunned. Then she slowly swung her legs to the floor, removed the sheets that covered her and rose to her feet. “I feel so much better,” she said. “Indeed, I feel quite hungry.” Khamet hurried to the kitchen while Hernieth came towards Kiya and the baby. Kiya shrank back, fearful that she might touch Meri again. “Your baby is a miracle worker,” Hernieth said.
“He is too young for such things,” said Kiya. “Please do not tell anyone what has happened. I fear for his life.”
“I promise I will say nothing,” said Hernieth, “Though it will be hard to hide my recovery from my friends. All will be curious.”
“Come, Grandmother, sit down and eat,” said Khamet. “Can I offer you refreshment, Ramala? Kiya? I cannot thank you enough for what you have done.” He noticed for the first time Kiya’s distress. “What is wrong? Are you not happy that your baby has saved my grandmother?”
“Healing has made him weak,” said Kiya and she held out her arms so the others could see how the baby lay without moving. Meri opened his eyes but they were no longer bright.
“Oh no!” Hernieth said. “If I could return his life force I would. I am just an old woman at the end of life but he is more than a baby. He is a true wonder.”
“We must get you home,” said Ramala. “The baby needs rest and nourishment. I hope we are in time to warn your father before he goes to market.”
Kiya looked at her in alarm. Teos would be bound to tell his friends about his back and all would want to have their aches and pains healed by the miraculous baby. “Please, Khamet. Run ahead and stop him,” she said.
Khamet hurried from the house, while Kiya and Ramala took their leave of Hernieth.
“I do hope the precious baby will recover,” said Hernieth. “I can never thank Meri enough for what he has done.”
“I am sure he will be fine,” said Ramala. “But there will be no more healing until he is fully grown.”
Kiya took comfort from her mother’s confidence. Perhaps Meri would regain his strength, but only if he was protected from the demands of the sick. She followed Ramala home and found Khamet waiting for them at the door. “I am sorry,” he said. “Teos has already gone and he has taken the donkey so there is no hope that I can catch them up.”
“Oh, no!” cried Kiya. “The whole of Thebes will know about Meri’s healing powers.”
“We must hide him,” said Ramala.
“Where? How?” Kiya’s mind was in a whirl.
“Perhaps you could come and live with us?” said Khamet.
Kiya shook her head. “Your grandmother’s recovery will soon be known and your house will be full of curious people.”
“I am so sorry your good deed has caused you so much trouble,” said Khamet. “If there is anything I can do to help...”
“Look after my parents for me,” said Kiya. “I must flee.” She hurried into the house.
“No,” cried Ramala in distress and followed her. “Surely we can think of something.”
“Help me pack, Mother,” said Kiya. She laid Meri’s inert body on the seating ledge and filled a bag with a spare shift, strips of linen, dates, cakes and a flask of beer.
“Don’t forget the money,” said Ramala. She removed Kiya’s money belt from its hiding place inside the chest. “If you can reach Akhetaten Dennu or Laylos will look after you.”
“I will try to get there, but I cannot take the upper road, people will be coming from Thebes. I will take the path by the river.”
“I pray to the gods that you will both be safe, my darling,” said Ramala and gave her a hug.
Kiya put on the money belt, swung the bag over her shoulder, picked up Meri and, with one last goodbye to her mother, hurried down to the river.

Chapter Ninety One: Hathor
Kiya ran along the riverside path towards Thebes. On the bank of the Nile the reeds grew high, but the other side of the path was open farmland. Apart from occasional palm groves, there was little to hide Kiya from people using the upper road.
She held baby Meri in her arms and worried that he might never recover from the loss of his life force. What a pointless sacrifice to make. Kiya was fond of Hernieth but her neighbour was an old woman and going to die soon anyway.
Meri’s love was unconditional. He loved everybody, regardless of age or gender. He made no judgements but would heal all who needed it – until his life force was used up. How could she protect such a child?
She looked at the upper road and could see a few people, just the usual traffic of farmers walking to and from Thebes. How soon before her father’s friends came running to the house, anxious to have their ailments cured? Kiya quickened her step. She must take the baby away from Thebes, but would he be safe anywhere in Egypt? Wherever she went, people would become aware of his wondrous gift.
A figure emerged from a palm grove and stood blocking the path. Kiya stopped and was poised to run away, when she smelt the aroma of new-mown grass and recognised the scent of Hathor. Cautiously she approached the goddess and as she came closer she saw that Hathor was in the form of a woman with horns curling on either side of her head.
“I see that the baby has been born,” said Hathor.
“Please let me pass, Hathor,” Kiya said. “The baby is in danger.”
“How so?”
“Meri healed our neighbour and now the word is being spread.”
“You allowed a baby to heal? What kind of mother are you? His life force is too small and will soon be exhausted.”
“I know that now. But I did not know it before. Please believe me Hathor, I would never knowingly do anything to harm Meri. He is the most wonderful baby.”
“Give him to me,” Hathor said and held her arms out. Kiya hesitated. “Hurry up child. We have little time.” Kiya put Meri into the arms of the goddess. The baby opened his eyes and beamed up at Hathor. She looked down and must have sensed his love for she held him more closely and smiled. “I will look after him,” she said.
“No!” cried Kiya.
Hathor frowned at her. “Do you think me incapable? I am the goddess of motherhood. I have cared for the children of gods for millennia.” She unbuckled the strap of her shift and exposed a breast.
“Please don’t take him from me. I am his mother. I love him.”
“A poor mother you have turned out to be, Kiya. You have had your opportunity to care for Meri and you have been found wanting.” She pressed Meri to her breast and he started to suckle. “What do you intend to do with the baby now? Stay in Egypt and try to keep his gifts hidden? Go into the wilderness and both starve to death? Your wish to keep him has nothing to do with love, it is selfishness.”
Tears were pouring down Kiya’s face. “I cannot bear to be without him.”
Hathor’s expression softened. “I will return him in due course, when he is grown. But be aware, Kiya. You cannot keep a child like this to yourself. His love is for all, not just for you.”
“If I give him to you, do you promise that I will see him again.”
“I promise.”
“Where is Anubis?” asked Kiya. She was so used to the two of them being together that she half expected him to emerge from the reeds.
“The foolish man thinks he has found a way to stop eating human flesh. He is obsessed with guilt at the lives that have been sacrificed to his hunger. I blame you, Kiya, he still harbours thoughts that you might be with him once more.”
“But I am married to Dennu. How can Anubis think that I would love him again?”
“It is a strange relationship where husband and wife live apart,” said Hathor.
Kiya fought back an urge to defend her marriage and asked, “What about you?”
Hathor shrugged. “I have learnt to be patient. The lifetime of a mortal is but a pinprick in eternity. You have been useful to us, Kiya, and I am prepared to tolerate the situation without harbouring thoughts of revenge.”
“Thank you.” Kiya was indeed grateful for, with an alter-ego of the lion Sekhmet, Hathor would make short work of any adversary.
There was a flurry of movement on the upper road and Kiya looked round to see a large group of people hurrying from Thebes towards her house. Time was running out. She turned back to Hathor and saw the baby stir and raise a hand to caress the breast from which he suckled. Kiya could see that he was already growing stronger and she knew that entrusting him to Hathor was his best chance of survival.
“Let me say goodbye,” said Kiya. She stepped forward and kissed Meri’s cheek. The glow of his love warmed her heart and gave her the strength she needed to let him go.
“Farewell, Kiya,” said Hathor. “Remember that a child grows quickly when fed on my milk.” She turned and strode away along the path and as she went she gradually faded until she and the baby became as insubstantial as mist and disappeared.
Kiya walked slowly home, her heart grieving for her lost baby. Far away came the sound of raised voices. The Thebans must have discovered that Meri was no longer at the farmhouse. It would not be long before they came searching for him.
Two men were hurrying towards her along the path. “Where is the baby?” they asked.
“He is dead,” she replied. “His life force was extinguished when he healed Hernieth.”
“No!” They looked shocked.
“I was hoping he would heal my warts,” said one.
“My daughter lies gravely ill at home,” said the other.
Kiya felt sorry for them. “I regret that you have made a wasted journey,” she said. “I will pray to Meri’s soul that your daughter will become well.”
They followed her back towards the house. “What have you done with the baby’s body?” said the man with the sick daughter.
“I made a basket of rushes and floated it down the Nile,” lied Kiya. “What better resting place than upon the river which brings us life?” The thought of Meri dying caused tears to run down her cheeks once more and the men were convinced by her grief.
“Our condolences,” said the man with the warts. “We are very sorry for your loss.”
“It is sad that he died for such an old woman when he could have healed my daughter.”
Teos greeted them as they reached the farm. “What has happened?” he said. “Where is the baby? The house is full of people wanting to be cured.”
“Your grandson is dead,” said the man with warts. “I’m sorry, Teos. His life force was wasted on healing the old woman.”
“No!” Teos looked stricken. His gaze fell on Kiya. “I am so sorry, my dear.” He held out his arms and enveloped Kiya. She started to cry bitterly. It had all been too much.
“We will tell the others,” said the man with the sick daughter. “We must leave you to grieve in peace.”
The men walked up to the farmhouse, leaving Teos and Kiya beside the Nile.
A few minutes later Ramala hurried down to them. “It is safe to come back now, everyone has gone.” She too put her arms around her daughter and within the warmth of her parent’s love Kiya’s sobbing gradually subsided.

Chapter Ninety Two: Depression
Kiya recovered enough to tell her parents that the baby had not died but had been given to Hathor.
“I praise the gods that Meri still lives,” said Ramala. “But will he be safe with Hathor? She has not always shown you friendship, Kiya.”
“I had no other choice but to give him up to her,” said Kiya. “If he had stayed here in the mortal realm he would have died. Too many people wanted a share of him.”
“I regret we exposed him to such danger,” sighed Teos. “I would never have told my friends if I had realised the consequences.”
“I am going to miss him,” said Ramala and she started to cry. Teos comforted her and as Kiya looked at her parents’ distress, she felt as if a dark blanket descended upon her soul. With dragging feet she followed them back to the farmhouse, all energy stifled by her depression.
Within hours Kiya’s breasts became swollen and painful as they continued to produce milk for the baby that no longer fed from them. The ache in her breasts echoed the ache in her heart and she longed for the feel of Meri’s eager, suckling mouth.
Ramala cared for Kiya with her new-found skills. Camphor cream cooled the heated breasts and the juice from cut aloe stems soothed the inflamed nipples. Gradually the milk dried up and Kiya’s breasts returned to normal.
Kiya’s body may have recovered from the loss of the baby but her spirits did not. Her depression deepened and in the days that followed she sat listlessly in the house.
“Help me gather in the harvest, Kiya,” said Teos.
“I will help you later, Father, when I feel stronger.”
“Come and prepare medicines with me, Kiya,” said Ramala. “We can take them to market and meet our friends.”
“I do not want to meet friends,” said Kiya. “I do not want anything.”
Teos left her hammock among the palm trees. “Why don’t you rest there, instead of upon the seating bench. At least you will get some fresh air, while you grieve.”
And so, to please him, Kiya spent her days lying in the hammock. She felt removed from the world around her. Sounds were muted, colours dimmed. Misery weighed down upon her and she thought that it would never lift. She closed her eyes and listened to the sounds of birds singing, insects buzzing and the river flowing and thought how pointless it all was.
“Greetings.” A voice interrupted Kiya’s reverie. She opened her eyes and saw that she had visitors. Hernieth and her grandson stood beside the hammock, looking at her with worried eyes. Khamet held a bunch of flowers and Hernieth a basket of fruit.
“We are very sorry to hear about the death of your son,” said Khamet.
“Oh Kiya, I wish with all my heart that I had died instead of Meri,” said Hernieth and she burst into tears.
The old woman’s distress touched Kiya. She rose from the hammock and took her in her arms. “Don’t cry Hernieth. You must enjoy the life that has been given to you.”
“We are very grateful,” said Khamet, “but it was a gift with a terrible price.”
“Not so,” said Kiya. She led them back towards the house. “You must not tell anybody,” she said, “but Meri is not dead. I have given him to a wet nurse to be hidden.”
“Really? That is wonderful news.” Hernieth’s tear-stained face was transformed by a smile.
“Will the wet nurse be successful in keeping such a marvellous gift secret?” said Khamet. “We must keep his survival to ourselves,” said Kiya. “But I am sure he is safe.”
In reassuring her neighbours, the weight of Kiya’s depression lifted slightly. “Let me give you refreshment,” she said.
They sat in the cool of the house and she brought them goblets of beer. “This fruit looks delicious,” she said to Hernieth. The basket contained peaches, pomegranates and grapes as well as dates. It was a generous gift. “Please help yourselves to fruit. I will put the flowers in water.”
“You are so kind, Kiya,” said Hernieth. “I expected you to be angry with us.”
“With you? Of course not,” said Kiya. “If I am angry with anyone it is with myself.” She breathed in the sweet scent of the roses Khamet had given her and her mood lightened even more. “How could any of us have known what would happen? None of us has ever experienced a healer before. Indeed, I doubt if anyone like Meri has existed before.”
“He is the most incredible baby,” said Hernieth. “I will never forget the warmth of his love.”
“There was a glow about him,” said Khamet, “as if he had an inner light.”
“He will return to us one day,” said Kiya.
They comforted each other and, when it was time for her neighbours to leave, Kiya embraced them both. “Thank you so much for coming to see me and for your gifts. I feel much better now,” she said.
“We have been so troubled,” said Hernieth, “and feared that we might upset you by visiting. I wish we had come sooner.”
“You have put our minds at rest,” said Khamet.
Kiya stood on the doorstep and watched them go, then she turned back to the house with renewed vigour. Her parents were due back from market soon. She should have time to grind barley and make fresh bread for their tea.
Ramala and Teos were pleased when they returned from Thebes and found Kiya busy in the kitchen.
“How are you feeling, my darling?” said Ramala.
“Much better,” said Kiya. “Hernieth and Khamet came to visit and they brought me lovely flowers and a basket of fruit.”
“Mmm! pomegranates,” said Teos. “It has been ages since I had a pomegranate.”
“Help yourself,” said Kiya, “and I have made some fresh bread.”
Ramala came over to Kiya and gave her a hug. “I am so glad you are better.”
“I feel as if a heaviness has been lifted from me,” said Kiya.
Ramala nodded. “Women can suffer from depression after giving birth, but you had so much more to be unhappy about, Kiya. I was worried about you.”
“Others have had more reason to grieve than me,” said Kiya. “Some lose their babies to death. At least Meri is alive and being well looked after. I feel ashamed of my black mood.”
“It is a relief to have you back to your sunny self,” said Teos.
“I still have medicines to sell,” said Ramala. “Perhaps you would like to come to market with me tomorrow. A change of scene would do you good.”
“Thank you,” said Kiya. “I would be happy to come.”

Chapter Ninety Three: A Surprise Meeting
The next day, Kiya sat with her mother behind the medicine stall and watched people buying and selling around her. The market was not as busy as in the old days but she saw many familiar faces and she smiled and nodded to friends and neighbours. Some offered their condolences, for it seemed that the birth and death of her baby was general knowledge.
“How are you coping, my dear?” Ramala asked Kiya, after yet another person had sympathised with her on the death of her child.
“I am fine. People are very kind,” said Kiya and, indeed, she found the good wishes comforting.
Khamet came past with a sack of carrots on his back.
“Come and sit next to us, Khamet,” said Ramala. She moved up slightly to give him room. “You can always borrow Enno, our donkey, if you have a heavy load for market.”
“Thanks Ramala, but I can manage to carry a sack of carrots.” He laughed, unrolled the mat he was carrying and sat down beside Kiya. “How are you, Kiya? You looked much brighter today. Back to your old, beautiful self.”
“Yes indeed!” said Kiya and smiled at his compliment.
“I hardly expected that you would still be around. Hasn’t your husband sent for you yet?”
Kiya felt embarrassed. “Actually there might be complications.”
“I would have thought him anxious to see you again, you must miss him.”
“I do.”
“Has he made enquiries about the outcome of your pregnancy?”
“I don’t think so, he has not sent any messengers.”
Khamet grunted and seemed about to ask more questions when a woman interrupted their conversation to buy some carrots. More shoppers arrived and the sack of carrots rapidly diminished.
“I will take those.” The voice was deep and commanding. Kiya looked up and saw a man wearing the jewelled collar of a high ranking official. He held out his hand for Khamet’s sack.
Kiya leapt to her feet. “You cannot take food without paying.”
“It is by orders of the King,” said the official. He took the sack Khamet handed to him and gave it to one of his accompanying guards.
“That’s not fair, we pay our taxes!” cried Kiya.
“Keep your woman under control,” the man said to Khamet. “Food is needed in the new city. You country bumpkins can always grow enough to eat.”
“I am sorry, sir,” said Khamet and pulled Kiya down to sit beside him.
The official walked on. Kiya watched him gather food from stall after stall and hand it to the guards, who then conveyed it to an ox cart, which was driven through the market behind them.
“You should have fought them,” Kiya said to Khamet.
“What me against four armed men? I would rather lose a few carrots.”
“Coward!”
“Mad woman!”
“Now children,” said Ramala. “This is like the old days, when you did nothing but fight.”
Khamet grinned. “I always wanted a sister, but Kiya is the next best thing. I am off for a beer. Despite the ravages of the Theban nome lord, I have made a nice profit on the day. Would you like to accompany me, ladies?”
“I must tend my stall,” said Ramala.
“No thank you,” said Kiya.
Khamet rose to his feet, rolled up his rug and, with a final wave, he headed to the nearest bar. Kiya watched him go and wished he had shown more courage in the face of oppression.
“We will stay a bit longer,” said Ramala. “Medicines do not sell as quickly as food, but at least the King has no interest in requisitioning them.”
Kiya listened to her mother discuss symptoms with prospective clients and offer them the appropriate remedies. For digestive aids she suggested pills containing crushed sandalwood and juniper, for headaches there were poppy seed and aloe pills, for constipation an infusion of dill, onions, apple and parsley. Many of her customers were coming back for repeat prescriptions and were happy with the effect of her medicines.
“Hey! You! Stop thief!” A shout from one of the farmers made Kiya look up to see a young lad dash past. Still shouting, the man leapt angrily to his feet and set off in pursuit. “That little devil has stolen a peach!”
The youngster was a swift runner and ducked through the crowd. As Kiya watched, he passed a familiar figure. Kiya stared in amazement, all interest in the unfolding drama forgotten. Could that be Vitane? She was thinner than Kiya remembered and dressed in a ragged shift but she was unmistakable. Kiya wondered if she was seeing a vision. How could her friend be in Thebes? The last she knew, Princess Vitane was on her way back to her father in Crete.
Vitane was looking at Kiya and, when she saw she had her attention, she beckoned.
“I have just seen a friend,” Kiya said to Ramala. “Can I go and talk to her?”
“Of course, dear,” said Ramala.
Kiya rose to her feet. “Vitane!” she called and hurried towards her. Vitane turned and walked away, looking over her shoulder to invite Kiya to follow.
What stupid game was the Princess playing? Kiya chased her through the market and down a side street. There were few people around and she hurried to catch up with her.
“What are you doing, Vitane? Where are you going?” The princess turned and Kiya was shocked by the pallor of her skin and the dark circles under her eyes. “What has happened to you? You look terrible. Are you ill?”
“Come with me,” Vitane said, “I have been sent to fetch you.”
“Who has sent you? Where are we going?”
“He wants it to be a surprise,” said Vitane and turned into a courtyard.
With trepidation Kiya followed and saw that the yard was deserted apart from a dark, cloaked figure standing in the centre.

Chapter Ninety Four: Blood Sucker
Vitane urged Kiya towards the mysterious stranger, but before he flung off his cloak Kiya recognised his scent. “Anubis!” she cried. “What are you doing here?”
Anubis stood tall and opened his arms to her. “I have come to see you, my dearest Kiya.” His voice was deep, with the familiar rich timbre that still had the power to thrill.
Kiya resisted the urge to move forwards into his embrace. “Why is Vitane with you?” she asked. “She is under my protection and should be on her way home to Crete.”
Anubis frowned. “I had no idea before today that you two knew each other. It could make things awkward.”
“It could, indeed,” said Kiya. “What do you want with my friend?”
“There is no need to feel jealous, Kiya.” Anubis assured her.
“Why should I feel jealous?” said Kiya. “You and I no longer have a relationship. I am worried that Vitane is in danger.”
“Do not worry, Kiya,” said Vitane. “I am in no danger. I am with the man I love.”
“You love Anubis?” said Kiya in amazement.
“Is it so hard to do?” said Anubis. “You loved me once, Kiya, and not long ago. I hear you have had a baby. Could he be mine?”
“Of course it couldn’t. We were never lovers.”
“We slept in the same bed.”
“Yes, but that was all. I am sorry if you are disappointed, Anubis, but that baby is not yours.”
The god did, indeed, look as crestfallen as his jackal head allowed. “I had hoped that a miracle might have happened.”
Kiya stepped forwards and put her hand on Anubis’s arm. Once again she felt the attraction of his warm, honey-scented skin. “I believe that a miracle has happened. That baby is not just for me but for all of us. Hathor has taken him and will nurture him to manhood.”
Anubis nodded. “I know. I have seen him.”
“You have seen him?” Kiya’s heart soared. “How is he?”
“He is doing well,” said Anubis. “All the immortals love him. But, like you, they refuse to believe that I am his father.”
“Poor Anubis,” said Kiya.
He patted her hand. “Perhaps one day we can continue what we started. I have found a way to stop eating human flesh so I no longer have to kill to satisfy my hunger.”
“Really?” Kiya felt relieved for Vitane. “How do you feed?”
“I drink blood from living people.”
Kiya was puzzled “Who would let you do such a thing?”
“Even though I am no longer confined to the temple, girls give themselves to me willingly. Most are in awe of being in the presence of a god.”
Kiya remembered how she, herself, was seduced by Anubis. “I can understand why you have little difficulty in finding victims, but surely drinking their blood would kill them,” she said.
“It took me a few mistakes to get it right,” admitted Anubis. “Moderation, that is the answer. Despite my thirst I must give the girls time to recover.”
Kiya stared at him and then stared at Vitane. The Princess was deadly pale and had many partly-healed gashes on her neck.
“Are you drinking the blood of my friend?”
Anubis looked discomforted. “There is no need to look at me like that. I thought you would be pleased. How could I know this girl is your friend? I bought her from the slave market at Helwan. A nice, plump girl, very nutritious.”
Kiya turned to Vitane. “What were you doing in the slave market? I gave you enough money to get home.”
“I spent the money. I am sorry Kiya. I wanted more time in Helwan so I rented an apartment and one thing led to another and I couldn’t pay the rent or the wig maker or the goldsmith and I ended up in the slave market.”
“You foolish girl. I should never have trusted you to get home alone.”
“You are blaming me for Vitane’s fate,” said Anubis. “But it sounds as if it was your fault that she was forced to become a slave.”
Kiya was disconcerted by the accusation. It had certainly been her idea to change places with Vitane. But for her intervention the girl would be living in King Ikhnaton’s harem and out of harm’s way. “Perhaps it was,” she said. “But I intend to make things right now. I demand you give her up to me.”
“No,” cried Vitane. “I love Anubis. I want to stay with him.”
“You see?” said Anubis with a shrug. “I am irresistible.”
“Come here!” said Kiya, losing her temper with Vitane.
“Noooo,” Vitane gave a howl of distress and clung to Anubis’s waist.
“She is mine by right and by law,” said Anubis, putting an arm around her shoulders. “I bought her fairly.”
“How many slaves did you kill before Vitane?” asked Kiya.
Anubis hesitated. “One or two,” he said. “I told you, it took time to get the process right.”
“What about Vitane. Are you certain you won’t kill her?”
“I hope not, she is a charming girl.” He gave her a hug and she looked up at him adoringly.
“There is only one way to be sure,” said Kiya. “And that is to give her to me.” Vitane gave a moan of protest and embraced Anubis more tightly.
“She won’t go,” said Anubis.
“Find a way,” said Kiya. “Or I will never speak to you again.”
“Have my experiments failed to impress you?” said Anubis. “I thought that by no longer eating flesh I would win back your love.”
“Even if you were feeding on girls who were strangers to me you would not win me back. I am a married woman and I am in love with my husband.”
Anubis hung his head. “Then it has all been for nothing,” he said.
“I am sorry.”
Anubis sighed, untangled Vitane’s arms from around his waist and flung her to the ground. “Take her as a gift from me,” he said and disappeared.
Vitane scrambled to her feet and looked desperately around. “Where is Anubis?” she cried.
“He has gone,” said Kiya.
Vitane stared at Kiya, then slowly her eyes lost their focus, her knees buckled and she fainted.

Chapter Ninety Five: Maiden in Distress
Kiya managed to catch her friend before she hit the ground. She knelt in the deserted courtyard with Vitane’s head cradled in her lap.
“Wake up, Vitane!” She patted the Princess on her pallid cheek. Had Anubis taken too much blood from her? Would she survive? Kiya examined more closely the cuts on Vitane’s neck. Some were fresh, others had healed. They were small, no more than a finger’s width but there were many of them. Vitane would be lucky not to bear the scars of her adventure for life – however long that might be.
“Wake up!” Kiya was becoming concerned for her friend and patted Vitane’s cheek so hard it was almost a slap. The girl’s eyes flickered and opened. For a moment she stared at the sky and then she focussed upon Kiya.
Vitane gave a watery smile. “Hello Kiya. Where am I?”
“You are in Thebes. Hurry up, Vitane. We must get back to the market.”
Vitane sat up and looked around. “Where is Anubis?”
“Anubis has gone. He wants me to take care of you.”
“Gone?” Vitane's bottom lip trembled. She burst into tears and buried her head in her hands.
“Pull yourself together, Vitane,” said Kiya. “We cannot linger here.”
“Hello girls. Do you need help?” A man stood at the entrance to the courtyard, blocking their way out.
“No thank you,” said Kiya. “We can manage.”
“What has happened to your friend? Is she drunk?” The man had an unpleasant, leering expression on his face.
“No, she feels unwell, that is all,” said Kiya.
“I will make her feel better,” said the man. “I know a way to put colour into those cheeks.”
“We do not need your help!” said Kiya. She pulled Vitane to her feet. The Princess sagged against her and Kiya staggered to keep her upright.
“Has she been taking drugs?” said the man. “I will help you get her back to my place.” He came forwards and took hold of Vitane’s arm.
“Let her go!” said Kiya.
“How much does she charge?”
“She is not a whore,” said Kiya. “She is a respectable girl.”
“She doesn’t look respectable to me.” The man managed to get Vitane’s arm around his neck and was pulling her away from Kiya.
“Ow!” cried Vitane as Kiya tried to haul her back.
Another man appeared at the entrance to the courtyard and for a moment Kiya thought that she and Vitane would be overwhelmed. It was with relief that she recognised the newcomer as Khamet.
“Your mother sent me to look for you,” he said to Kiya. “Who are these people?”
“This is my friend, Vitane,” said Kiya, “and this is a stranger who is becoming a nuisance.”
The man glared at Khamet, but seeing that he was no match for the younger man he merely mumbled. “I was only trying to help.”
“Is that so?” said Khamet. “Well, I am here now. You are no longer needed.” The man hurried away and Khamet turned to Kiya with a frown. “Why come to such a deserted part of town? I would have thought you had more sense.” He did not wait for an answer but turned to Vitane. “You do not seem well,” he said.
“I am not well!” Tears welled into Vitane’s large brown eyes and spilt down her cheeks. “My heart has been broken.”
“She is very weak,” said Kiya. “I cannot get her to walk.”
“May I carry you?” asked Khamet.
Vitane gazed up at him with the same adoring expression she had originally reserved for Anubis. “Yes please,” she breathed.
Kiya followed behind as they walked back to the market. The streets became busier and curious eyes followed Khamet and his beautiful burden.
“She is unwell,” Kiya explained to those who would listen.
Ramala was looking out anxiously for them and when they came into sight her expression did not lighten. “What has happened?” she said.
“This is my friend,” said Kiya. “Her name is Vitane. Do you remember, Mother? I told you how I danced with bulls in Crete. Princess Vitane was my companion and showed me how bull dancing should be done. I would never have survived without her.”
“She is a princess?” said Khamet in amazement.
Ramala got to her feet so Khamet could lower Vitane to the stool upon which she had been sitting. “The poor girl looks ill,” she said.
“She has lost a lot of blood,” said Kiya.
“In childbirth?” asked Ramala.
“Childbirth?” Vitane sounded affronted. “No. I am unmarried.”
“We must get you home, Vitane,” said Khamet. “Where do you live?”
“I have no home,” wailed Vitane and she started to cry again. “I could not pay the rent and so I was thrown out of my apartment.”
“You can come and stay with us,” said Kiya. “We can both go back to Thebes, when Dennu sends for me.”
“We must buy meat and red wine,” said Ramala. “We have plenty of green vegetables at home. We will soon feed you up, my dear.”
Ramala hurried off to make her purchases, while Kiya and Khamet packed up the stall. “I think you live in a fantasy world,” said Khamet, as he helped Kiya gather up Ramala’s medicines.
“What do you mean?” said Kiya.
“When I knew you in the old days you were just a peasant girl. Now you are married to a mysterious priest, who may or may not exist. You claim to have danced with bulls and you have a princess as a friend. It is not believable.”
“I am a princess,” protested Vitane.
“Who is your father?” asked Khamet.
“Waymose, the King of Phaistos,” said Vitane.
“I have never heard of Phaistos,” said Khamet with a laugh.
“That is because you are ignorant,” said Kiya. “Phaistos is a kingdom in Crete.”
“Oh yes?” said Khamet disbelievingly. He rolled is eyes in an irritating way, which reminded Kiya how he used to tease her as a child.
“Is anything the matter?” said Ramala as she came back with her purchases. “You two haven’t been arguing again have you?” she looked reprovingly at Kiya and Khamet.
“No. We are fine,” said Kiya through gritted teeth and they set off for the farm.
Vitane progressed slowly, helped by Khamet and Kiya on either side. Ramala walked ahead.
“Do you think Anubis will miss me,” said Vitane.
“Shush!” said Kiya.
Khamet said nothing but gave a snort of derision. They walked the rest of the way in silence.

Chapter Ninety Six: An Enthusiastic Guest
Vitane recovered quickly. Within a few days her energy was restored and her skin had a healthy glow. Kiya tried to quiz her about her life with Anubis.
“Did he take you beyond the veil?” she asked.
“I don’t think so.” Vitane frowned as if remembering back was an effort. “There was a misty place where he used to leave me. I tried to follow him once, but the mist seemed to go on forever and I became lost. He was angry when he found me and told me I must stay where I was put.”
“That must be the veil,” said Kiya. “Only immortals can pass through.”
“What is on the other side?” asked Vitane.
“I think it is a world like this but without people. I know it is peaceful but Anubis finds it boring.”
Vitane nodded. “We often came to the normal world. Anubis wore a cloak so he would not be recognised. People could not see his face and many thought he was my grandfather.” She sighed. “He was kind to me and bought me food and drink and l felt safe with him.”
“Safe?” Kiya looked at her friend in amazement. “What did it feel like to have your life blood sucked from you?”
“It hurt when he cut my neck but he held me close and told me how much he loved me and so I put up with the pain.”
“And the sucking? Did that hurt?”
“Not really. It felt strange. He did not really suck but nuzzled and licked at my neck and after a while everything would go black.”
“How frightening!”
“Oh no, I was supported within his arms and was not afraid of swooning.”
“Poor Vitane. I can’t bear to think of that brute doing such a thing to you.”
Vitane looked at her with round, hurt eyes. “Don’t call him a brute, Kiya. He is a god. The most wonderful person I have ever met.”
“I know how you feel.” Kiya took her friend in her arms and held her close. She too had succumbed to the charms of Anubis and even now, so long after she had been his High Priestess, she understood his attraction.
Vitane tried to be helpful around the farm but she was unused to physical labour and was clumsy. She tried to milk the cow but pulled on the teats with too much vigour. The cow became restless and kicked over the bucket. Precious milk soaked into the straw that covered the floor of the cowshed.
“It wasn’t my fault,” protested Vitane, as she helped Teos carry out the ruined straw. “It was the cow’s fault.”
“Don’t worry about it,” said Teos with a smile. He was as captivated by Vitane’s sweet nature as any of them.
Vitane tried to gather herbs for Ramala but picked the wrong ones.
“I wanted dill, Vitane, and you have brought me mint,” said Ramala.
“I am so sorry. I got in a muddle.”
“You have picked enough for me to make breath freshener for the whole of Thebes!”
“They look so similar.”
Ramala looked at Vitane’s anxious face and she smiled. “Don’t worry dear. The fact they both have green leaves must be confusing to a novice. I am sure the mint will come in useful.”
“Vitane is like a child,” Ramala complained to Kiya when the Princess was outside helping Teos and Khamet harvest the last of the cabbages. “She needs to be constantly occupied and finding her jobs to do is exhausting. She creates more work by getting everything wrong.”
“The sooner I get her back to Thebes the better,” said Kiya. “I hope I will be able to smuggle her back into the King’s harem. She will be safe there and will live a comfortable life.”
“She is certainly incapable of living on her own,” said Ramala.
“I wish Dennu would send for me,” said Kiya. “It has been months since he left to visit Crete. I worry that something might have happened to him.”
“Perhaps he doesn’t want you as a wife,” said Ramala. “He is a man with strong feelings. He might have taken against you because of the baby.”
Kiya felt tears well into her eyes and turned away so her mother would not see her distress. “I hope he would have the decency to let me know if that is the case. We made our sacred vows and only by breaking a jar of Nile water can we be released from them.”
Vitane came into the house. “Can I do some weaving?” she asked.
“What about the cabbages?” asked Ramala.
“Teos said I was to stop before I cut a finger off,” said Vitane with a laugh.
Ramala was reluctant to let Vitane continue with the half-finished length of cloth that was on the loom. “Perhaps you and Kiya can go and check the river level,” she said. “The time of flooding is long overdue.”
Kiya and Vitane walked down the path to the bank of the Nile. A sturdy pole was standing beside the shaduf. It had notches carved into it, which measured the height of the Nile at various stages of the inundation. Kiya frowned. The water level was below the notch that marked the normal level of the river. Instead of being about to flood, the Nile was shrinking. She remembered Seth’s warning that he was going to stop the inundation. She had hoped that it was an empty threat but perhaps he was carrying it out.
“What is this stick?” asked Vitane. She was about to step forwards and touch it but Kiya pulled her back. Even Vitane should be unable to knock over such a well-embedded pole but she was taking no chances.
“It is for measuring the water-level,” she said and showed Vitane the highest notch. “The water can come right up to here.”
“Will we drown?” said Vitane.
Kiya laughed. “The farmhouse is built on higher land, so it becomes an island when the fields are flooded and the path to the upper road is like a causeway.”
“What fun,” said Vitane. “I do hope it will happen soon.”
“So do I,” said Kiya. “But you won’t be on the farm to see it, Vitane. I have to take you back to Akhetaten.”
“Why?”
“The last time we met, you were in a tent on an ox cart being taken to the King’s palace. Do you remember?”
Vitane nodded eagerly. “Yes, you saved me.”
“It was a mistake,” said Kiya. “You would have been safe and happy in the King’s harem. Look what happened to you. You became bankrupt, was sold as a slave and was the victim of a blood-sucking immortal.”
“I am happy now,” said Vitane. “I like it on the farm. Can I not stay here with you?”
Kiya shook her head. “I must go back to Akhetaten. I am hoping that Dennu will send for me but even if he does not I must return. And I will take you with me.”
“Thank you,” said Vitane. “You have always looked after me, Kiya.”
“And now you can do something for me,” said Kiya. “I want you to return to the harem with a willing heart. If you do not I may get into trouble.”
“Really?” Vitane looked anxious. “If it is the only way I can help then I will do it.”
“Bless you, Vitane,” said Kiya. The two of them embraced and arm in arm they walked back towards the house.
A flurry of movement on the upper road caught Kiya’s eye. A litter was being carried on the shoulders of eight slaves. They were dressed in pleated loin clothes and the sun reflected from their bejewelled collars. Soldiers marched to the front and rear of the litter and a group of curious Thebans followed behind. The soldier in the lead held up his hand and the procession stopped beside the track that led to the farmhouse The litter was lowered to the ground and the men waited on guard, while the lead soldier marched down the path towards the house.
There was something familiar about him and Kiya’s heart lifted.
“Come, quickly, Vitane. Dennu has sent for me at last.”

Chapter Ninety Seven: The Summons
Kiya hurried to the house and found her uncle talking to Teos and Ramala. He rose to his feet when she entered.
“Huy!” she cried, “How good to see you.” She ran towards him and flung her arms around his neck. “I recognised you coming down from the upper road.”
He gave her a hug. “Greetings, Kiya. Lord Dennu has sent me to fetch you and the baby. He wishes you to return to Akhetaten.”
Kiya felt a surge of happiness. “How is Laylos?” she asked. “I long to see her again.”
“Your aunt is well and looking forward to your coming,” Huy said and then he frowned. “I hear you have put the baby to a wet nurse, Kiya. But your parents do not know who she is or where she lives.”
“That is because it is a secret,” said Kiya. “The baby is a healer and has to be protected.”
Huy nodded. “He will be protected well enough at the palace. Lord Dennu is particularly anxious that the baby should come home with you.”
“Why?”
Huy shrugged. “He does not confide in me but I assume he wants to adopt the child.”
How Kiya had hoped that this would be the case. She wanted more than anything in the world for Dennu to be a father to the child. But her happiness was tinged with anxiety. Where had Hathor taken the baby? It must be beyond the veil. Even if she could contact the goddess, would she agree to hand Meri back so soon?
“I do not know where the baby is,” she said to Huy. “The wet nurse has promised to return him when he is bigger.”
Huy sighed. “Oh Kiya, just when I hoped your life was going smoothly, you create another problem. What are you going to tell your husband? It is hard to believe that a mother could give her child away so carelessly.”
Tears sprang into Kiya eyes. “I had no choice, he was dying. When Meri healed the life force left his body and there are so many who are sick.” She felt Vitane's soft, warm arms around her.
“Don’t cry, Kiya,” her friend said.
Huy bowed to Vitane. “I had no idea that I would find you here, Princess.”
“She must come with us to Akhetaten,” Kiya said. “Can I pretend that she is my maid?”
“If you wish,” said Huy. “Without your child there will be room in the litter.”
“We are going to try and smuggle her into the harem,” said Kiya.
Huy held up a hand to silence her. “Tell me no more, Kiya. I might be your uncle but I am also captain of the town’s garrison. If your plans endanger the King I will be forced to arrest you.” Kiya was disconcerted. She had seen Huy intimidate others, but she had never been frightened by him before. He held out his arms. “Don’t look at me like that, Kiya. Come, give your uncle a kiss. You bring us nothing but trouble, but Laylos and I are very fond of you.”
Kiya stepped forward willingly and hugged and kissed her uncle. If ever there was a man she wanted on her side, it was Huy.
“Join me in a goblet of beer, Huy, while the women get ready,” said Teos.
“Gladly,” said Huy.
The two men sat chatting while Ramala helped Kiya pack. Vitane had brought no luggage with her but she was anxious to be of assistance.
“Why not go into the kitchen and pack some honey cakes for the journey?” Ramala suggested. Vitane hurried to the kitchen and Kiya listened with apprehension for the sound of breaking crockery. The men were discussing the state of the Nile.
“The Akhet season should have started by now,” said Teos. “But the level of water in the Nile is going down instead of up. Do you know what is happening?”
“Nobody knows,” said Huy. “But there is fear that the famine will increase. I should not say this, Teos, as hoarding is not allowed. But make sure you save enough grain to feed yourself and Ramala. Keep it well hidden.”
“We will survive,” said Teos, “But what about you and Laylos?”
“We must take our chances with the rest of Akhetaten.” Said Huy. “But Kiya will be safe in the palace. The King’s court will never starve.”
“Is this the gods revenge for the closing of the temples?” said Teos.
“Many say such a thing,” said Huy. “I fear an uprising against the King if the situation worsens.”
“We are ready,” said Ramala, interrupting them.
Vitane held a parcel of cakes. “These are for the journey.”
“Well done, Princess,” said Huy. He took the cakes in one hand and Kiya’s bag in the other.
“Goodbye,” Kiya kissed and hugged her parents. “I will be back soon and bring Meri with me.”
“Thank you for all you have done for me. I have enjoyed living with you on the farm. You are both so kind.” Vitane also kissed and hugged Ramala and Teos.
“Goodbye, darlings. Good luck.”
Huy escorted Vitane and Kiya to the waiting convoy. As they followed him along the track, Kiya was aware of the eyes of the crowd upon them. Gossiping voices grew clearer as she neared the road.
“Surely that’s Kiya, the farmer’s daughter.”
“Who is that with her?”
“She must be important for such grandeur.”
“I heard that Kiya married a priest.”
Kiya helped Vitane into the litter and got in beside her. The crowd pressed forwards and the soldiers had to hold them back with crossed spears.
Kiya looked back to the farmhouse and waved at her parents, who were still standing at the door. She hoped that Khamet might see her depart in such splendour - but there was no sign of him.
Huy put Kiya’s bag and the cakes into the litter. “Excuse me, my Lady, but we should travel with the curtains drawn.” He reached up and closed the curtains around the litter and Kiya’s view of home was blocked.
Kiya felt the familiar swaying motion as the litter was lifted and carried along the road. “Have you been in a litter before?” she asked Vitane.
“No. It feels a bit strange,” said Vitane. “Are we going to be carried like this all the way to Akhetaten?”
“I hope not,” said Kiya.

Chapter Ninety Eight: The Journey
It was hot in the litter and stuffy. Kiya longed to draw back the curtains but did not want to upset Huy. When they reached Thebes she was glad of their protection, for she could hear hostile voices.
“Who do you think that could be?”
“Some rich bastard. I wish I could have some of their money.”
“Ouch! There’s no need to shove. Bloody soldiers.”
Vitane clung to her arm. “Why do the people hate us?”
“Don’t worry, Vitane, we are well protected. They do not know it is us in the litter, they think it is someone rich and are cross about paying such high taxes.”
Kiya felt the litter being put down and opened the curtains a crack to see a boat moored by the quayside. Its sail was unfurled and upon it was a picture of the sun representing the Aten, with the key of life at the end of each ray. Kiya gave a gasp when she realised that she was looking at one of King Ikhnaton’s pleasure boats.
Huy drew back the curtain, gave a bow and offered his hand to help Kiya from the litter.
“The King has generously lent his boat for your journey, my Lady,” he said.
Kiya took her cue from her uncle’s formality and rose from the litter with dignity. She looked around and saw that a ring of soldiers held curious onlookers at a distance.
“What a lovely boat,” said Vitane as she climbed from the litter and stood at Kiya’s side.
The water in the Nile was so low that there was a considerable drop to the main deck of the boat. The upper deck was almost level with them and Kiya could see food and drink laid out on a table under a shady canopy.
Huy hurried down the steeply-angled gangplank and held out a hand to help Kiya. As she descended she saw a man emerge from behind the sail. He was smartly dressed in a pleated tunic embroidered with the King’s insignia. “Greetings, I am Ursus, the ship’s captain,” he said and bowed to her.
“This is Lady Kiya,” said Huy. “She has brought a maid.” He indicated Vitane, who was making her nervous way down the gangplank.
“We have prepared a cot for a child,” said Ursus.
“Lady Kiya’s son will not be accompanying us,” said Huy.
Ursus bowed once more and said to Kiya. “Please, my Lady, take a seat on the upper deck. The King wishes you to enjoy every comfort.”
He pointed to a short flight of steps and Kiya mounted them to the upper deck. There, in the shade were cushions, piled upon a long wide bench. The table before them was laid with baskets of fruit and many small bowls, arranged in water dishes to keep them cool. There were jugs of beer and goblets and even a vase of roses. A cot stood beside the cushions and Kiya felt a twinge of sadness that Meri would not be with her.
She heard the captain say “Where are you going, my girl!” and looked round to see that he had his hand on Vitane’s arm and was holding her back from the steps.
“I’m going to the upper deck,” she said, trying to pull away from him.
“Oh no, you are not, servants travel on the lowest deck with the slaves.”
“Please allow my maid to travel with me,” said Kiya. “I may need her services.”
The captain looked discomforted and let Vitane go. She hurried up the steps and stood behind Kiya.
“Come and sit down, Vitane, we will be out of sight of the crew.” Kiya led her friend to the bench and sank down next to her, marvelling at the softness of the cushions. “These must be stuffed with duck down,” she said.
“Talking of being stuffed, I am hungry,” said Vitane and helped herself to grapes and cheese from the many dishes of food.
There was the sound of activity below them as the litter was brought on board and stowed beneath the upper deck. Then the captain shouted a command and the mooring ropes were untied. The great square sail filled and the boat moved out from the quay and slowly at first but with increasing speed sailed down the river.
Soon the quays and building of Thebes were left behind and they were travelling through the countryside. Kiya could see much interest from people on the banks of the river. Children followed them, running along the riverside path and jumping high to see them over the reeds. Where there were clearings beside the water people gathered on the sandy banks and waved.
They passed many small villages. Feluccas - small, one-man sailing boats, left the mooring platforms and darted around the pleasure boat like white butterflies. The fishermen were curious, but friendly and returned their waves with smiles.
“They must think we are important,” said Kiya.
Vitane nodded complacently. “We are important. I am going to be a wife of the King.”
Kiya smiled at her friend, glad that she had embraced the future with such confidence.
Vitane was in high spirits. She asked Kiya many questions about the life she could expect to lead in the harem. Kiya told her about the beautiful courtyard, the caged singing birds and the fishpond. “There are also lovely gardens within the palace compound. I am sure you will be very happy, Vitane.”
Vitane clapped her hands and laughed. “I will call me first daughter Kiya after you, my best and dearest friend.” She drained a goblet of beer and yawned. “It has been a tiring day, I think I would like to sleep.” She stretched out on the cushions and closed her eyes.
Kiya looked at Vitane. Her friend had absolute faith that Kiya would return her to the harem but would it be possible? She would have to face Bunefer again. Although she had bribed Bunefer to keep Vitane’s absence a secret, the harem keeper was a reluctant ally and could easily turn against her. Unwelcome possibilities presented themselves. What if she was arrested? What if she, instead of Vitane, remained trapped in the harem? What if her actions brought shame and embarrassment upon Dennu?
Vitane stirred and smiled in her sleep. A shaft of sunlight shone through a gap in the canopy and illuminated the scars upon her neck. The bright light made them visible, despite Ramala’s camouflage cream. Kiya frowned. A wrong had been done to Vitane and to Bunefer. It was her duty to try to right those wrongs, whatever the consequences.
Her new resolve brought her peace and she lay down on the pillows next to Vitane and closed her eyes. The rocking of the boat was soporific and she relaxed into sleep.

Chapter Ninety Nine: Akhetaten
Kiya woke late in the afternoon and saw that they were nearly at their destination. The Nile was busy, with many boats entering and leaving the harbour that lay ahead of them.
“Oh Good, Kiya, you are awake,” said Vitane who was sitting, looking at the scene. “I wanted to rouse you but feared that you would be cross. Is that Akhetaten?”
“Yes,” said Kiya, for the city was unmistakable with the circle of cliffs that surrounded it glowing golden in the sunshine.
The boat drew nearer and Kiya was amazed at how much Akhetaten had developed since she had last seen it. Houses filled the plain and came right up to the edge of the harbour.
“Which is the palace?” asked Vitane.
“You cannot see it from here.”
There was much activity on the quayside as deck hands threw ropes to soldiers waiting to secure the King’s boat. At a shout from the captain the sail was furled and the boat was pulled into the shore. The litter was hauled up the steep gang plank to the quayside and slaves took up positions at either end.
Huy mounted the steps to the upper deck. “It is time to disembark, my Lady.”
Kiya stood up. “It was a comfortable journey,” she said.
“The food was delicious,” said Vitane. “There is plenty left. Would you like some?”
“Alas, it would not be allowed,” said Huy. He led the way to the steps, where the captain was waiting to help Kiya down.
“Thank you for a pleasant journey,” said Kiya as she offered him her hand. The captain bowed and smiled.
“It was my pleasure, Lady Kiya.”
Out of the corner of her eye Kiya saw Vitane attempt to offer her hand to the captain, but she was ignored.
Kiya had expected a curious crowd to have gathered but, as she climbed the gangplank, she saw that few people took any notice of the pleasure boat, which must be a familiar sight in Akhetaten.
She entered the waiting litter and was joined by Vitane. They were carried through the streets of the city. Eager to discover how things had progressed, Kiya opened the curtain a crack and saw many shops and a busy market. Akhetaten was crowded and the people were ill-humoured. As the litter-bearers pushed through the throng Kiya heard angry voices and the litter was jostled. She hastily closed the curtain, put her arm around Vitane and hoped they would soon reach the palace.
“I am worried,” said Vitane.
Kiya took her friend’s hand. “Don’t be,” she said. “I am sure everything will be fine.”
“What if the King doesn’t like me?” said Vitane. “What if he recognises that I am not you?”
“He never looked at my face,” said Kiya. “When I was brought to him for the deflowering ceremony he only looked at my body.”
“But he did not make love to you?”
“No. He was too preoccupied by affairs of state. But I am sure he will manage to be a good husband to you,” Kiya assured her.
“My body is different from yours,” said Vitane sinking deeper into apprehension.
“You can tell him you are so happy in the harem that you have put on weight,” said Kiya. “He probably prefers woman with a bit more flesh.”
“Do you think so?” said Vitane, hopefully.
“And you will have all your Cretan clothes waiting for you,” said Kiya.
“Yes,” Vitane smiled, happy once more. “I long to change out of this Egyptian tunic. Is my silken robe still there? And my scarlet dress with the ruffles?”
“I am sure they are,” said Kiya.
“Will we see a lot of each other?” asked Vitane eagerly.
“I hope so,” said Kiya, but was uncertain how much freedom the ladies of the harem were allowed.
The litter was placed upon the ground and Kiya opened the curtain again to see that they had reached the palace gate. She watched the guards confer with Huy then wave through the litter. The soldiers who had been escorting them remained outside.
The litter was carried through the entrance area and put down in a courtyard. Huy bent down to offer a hand to Kiya. “We have arrived,” he said. “How are you feeling?”
“Rather stiff and overheated,” said Kiya as she rose from the litter, “I would prefer to walk than travel in such a way.” She was aware of the slaves who had carried her. They stood, their eyes cast down and sweat streaming from their naked chests.
“Thank you for carrying us,” she said, but they showed no signs of having heard her.
“Tut, Kiya, a lady in your position does not talk to slaves,” said Huy. He bent down to help Vitane out of the litter. “I will escort you to Lord Dennu’s house.”
He went to a door in the courtyard and opened it to reveal the garden. Vitane gave a gasp of pleasure. “Oh what a lovely garden,” she followed Huy inside and stared around. “Look, a lake and lawns and what a lot of flowers.”
“There is no need to accompany us further, Huy,” said Kiya. “I know the way.”
Huy frowned. “I fear that you are up to something, Kiya. I warn you to be careful, your position here is a tenuous one.”
“Please don’t worry, Huy. I only do what must be done.” She wanted to stand on tiptoe and kiss her uncle’s worried face but decorum stopped her.
“Good luck, Kiya.” Huy gave a slight bow, walked back through the door and closed it behind him.
Kiya made sure there was nobody around, then she seized Vitane’s hand. “Quick, come with me before we are seen.” She hurried Vitane to a door half-hidden behind an acacia tree. “This door leads to a passageway that the servants use,” Kiya said.
She pushed the door open and peered into the long, gloomy corridor which ran between the inner and outer walls of the compound.
“It’s dark,” complained Vitane.
“There is some light,” said Kiya. She pulled Vitane into the corridor and shut the door behind them. A few high, slitted windows allowed enough daylight into the corridor so they could see where they were going. Servants hurried past them in both directions. Some carried trays of food others bundles of clothing all were busy and nobody stopped to ask what the two girls might be doing.
Kiya counted the doors and hoped she could remember which one led to the King’s harem. She thought she had found the right one and pushed against it, but it did not move. She knocked. There was a long pause and then the door opened.

Chapter One Hundred: Bunefer
Rahotep stood, a massive presence, his arms folded blocking their entrance. Beyond him birds were singing and Kiya could see the familiar courtyard of the harem. She had found the right door.
For a moment the eunuch glared down at Kiya and Vitane as if they were interlopers, servants, perhaps, who had lost their way. Then his severe expression changed to one of astonishment. He stared at Kiya. “Princess Vitane?” he said.
“Yes, I have brought the Princess with me,” said Kiya.
Bunefer came hurrying towards them. “Thank the gods you have returned, Princess,” she cried. “Who is your companion?”
“This is Princess Vitane,” said Kiya.
Bunefer stopped and stared from one to another. “What nonsense is this?” she said. “Come in quickly, girls, you cannot hang around the servants’ doorway.”
She ushered them into the courtyard. Kiya saw Vitane look around, delighted by the glorious display of flowers and by the singing birds in cages.
“All your things are safe,” said Bunefer to Kiya. “Your clothes are hung on stands so they remain fresh and uncreased. Your jewellery is in its chest.”
“My golden belt,” said Vitane delightedly. “I long to wear that again, and my scarlet dress. How I have missed my clothes. Egyptian fashion is so boring.”
Bunefer stared at her, uncertainly. They entered the bedroom where Kiya had been prepared for the deflowering ceremony.
“This is lovely,” said Vitane. “A sunken bath! At last I can have a good soak in warm water. I never could get used to that cold trough of yours, Kiya. And look! There are my clothes.” She darted around the room going from stand to stand like a child with many toys.
“Is she really the Princess?” asked Bunefer. “Either that or you have schooled her well.”
“I promise you that she is,” said Kiya.
“I could have you arrested for impersonating her,” said Bunefer with a frown.
“I know. I took that risk when I brought her back,” said Kiya. “Vitane is like a child. She cannot exist in the real world. I owe it to her and to you to right the wrong I did.”
“What did you hope to gain by taking her place?” asked Bunefer.
“I merely wished for access to the palace. I had no idea that so many problems would be caused.”
“You are a foolish girl,” said Bunefer. “If you wished an audience with the King you could have gone to the temple.”
Kiya could see that the harem keeper was angry and still in two minds to have her arrested.
“It was not the King I wished to see but Queen Nephertiti.”
Bunefer’s frown deepened at the name, for Nephertiti had made few friends in court. “She was also available in the temple. Why did you not see her there?”
“Because she hated me. She was an imposter and I knew it.”
Bunefer thought back. “She left on the night you disappeared. We are expected to think that she became an angel. Was her departure your doing?”
“In a way it was, but you must never tell a soul.”
Bunefer nodded. “You revealed her as a fake and she was forced to flee. You did a good job there, girl, although to unmask her you had to become an imposter yourself.”
“I am sorry about that,” said Kiya. “But no harm has been done.”
“No harm done?” Bunefer looked at her incredulously. “I have been worried out of my mind. Princess Vitane’s cousin is coming on a trade mission next week and will ask to see her. The King has been wanting her for his bed. I have persuaded him that she is ill but for how long can her illness last? My life has been a nightmare since you ran away.”
The harem keeper looked so distressed that Kiya put her arms around her and gave her a hug. “Everything is fine now,” she said.
Bunefer pushed her away. “No it is not. What if the King notices how much you have changed?”
“He will not. He did not look at my face and the room was dark.”
Bunefer sighed. “Do you swear to me upon the judgement of Thoth that this girl really is Princess Vitane and that her cousin will recognise her?”
“I swear,” said Kiya.
Vitane overheard them. “Which cousin will recognise me? Is it Ana?”
“Yes, Princess,” said Bunefer. “She will be coming on a trade mission next week.”
Vitane clapped her hands “Ana! How lovely to see her again. I am so happy.”
Bunefer was convinced.
“We must prepare you to meet the King, Princess. I will send in girls to bathe you.” She turned to Kiya. “I presume that you really are Kiya, the wife of Lord Dennu? Or is that another deception?”
Kiya sighed. “Do not judge me so harshly, Bunefer. I am indeed the wife of Dennu.”
“When you went missing from the palace I wondered.”
“Dennu led a tribute convoy to Crete. I went home to my parents to give birth to my child, but he sent for me upon his return. I go to meet him now.”
Bunefer looked at her quizzically. “He took long enough to summon you. He has been back for many weeks.”
“Really?” Kiya was disconcerted. She had assumed that Dennu was as anxious to see her as she was to see him.
“You must leave the harem now, Lady Kiya. It is forbidden for any but the King’s wives and their servants to be here.”
“Goodbye Vitane,” Kiya called to her friend, who had found a mirror and was looking intently at her reflection.
Vitane ran across the room and hugged her. “I will see you again soon, Kiya. Promise?”
Kiya looked at Bunefer enquiringly. “Vitane is free to walk within the palace grounds,” said the harem keeper. “She may visit the house of Lord Dennu if she wishes to do so.”
“Yes, I will see you very soon,” Kiya told her friend.
Rahotep was waiting outside Vitane’s room. He escorted Kiya across the courtyard and out through the servants’ door. Kiya stood in the gloomy corridor and heard the door bolted behind her.
She took a deep breath. It was time to face Dennu. She walked back along the corridor with reluctant steps. Why had it taken him so long to send for her? Was he having second thoughts about their marriage? Excitement and dread filled her heart in equal measures.

Chapter One Hundred and One: Itet
As Kiya walked through the garden towards her husband’s house she saw that it had been enlarged during the months she had been away. What was once a simple building now had a side extension that transformed it into a mansion.
She climbed the steps to the terrace. The pillared veranda was still there and beyond it the main room with large windows. She could see that there was nobody in the room and she wondered if Dennu might be in the bedroom. She crossed the main room and nervously opened the bedroom door. The room was deserted. For a moment her gaze lingered on the bed then she turned away and returned to the main room. There was a new door in the side wall. It must lead to the extension, she thought, and with curiosity mounting she crossed over to the door and opened it.
She had not expected the sight that greeted her. It was a small enclosed courtyard with climbing vines and shaded seats. Around the courtyard were several doors. She opened the first door. It led to a large bedroom with a sunken bath. A seating ledge ran along one wall and upon it, resting on cushions of fine tapestry, was a young woman.
“Who are you?” said Kiya.
“I am Itet, wife of Lord Dennu,” said the woman. She rose to her feet and put down the embroidery on which she had been working. “You must be Kiya. I have heard so much about you.”
Kiya gaped at her. “You are the wife of Dennu?” she said. Her head was in a whirl.
Itet smiled. “You were not expecting another wife so soon?”
“I was not expecting another wife at all!” said Kiya.
“A man in Lord Dennu’s position is expected to have more than one wife,” said Itet. “You and I will spend a lifetime together and must become friends. Come, sit down. You are pale. I will summon a servant for refreshments.”
Itet clapped her hands. A girl entered the room, wearing nothing but a kilt and golden neck collar. She bowed low.
“Why was nobody here to greet Lady Kiya and her baby? We need wine and food.”
The servant mumbled an apology and hurried away.
“Where is the baby?” said Itet. “Did you manage to find your room? We have a cot prepared in there and many toys and clothes.”
“I left the baby at home with a wet nurse,” said Kiya.
“No!” Itet looked at her in dismay. “Why did you do such a thing? We were so looking forward to having him in the harem.”
“I had no choice.” Kiya felt tears well into her eyes.
“Poor dear.” Itet was instantly sympathetic. “Please do not cry, Kiya. Perhaps, when you have settled down here you can send for him. What is his name?”
“Meri,” said Kiya.
“What a lovely name. I hope that you and I will have more children to keep him company.”
Kiya smiled at Itet. She was making every effort to cheer her up and she warmed to Dennu’s new wife. “How long have you been married to Dennu?” she asked.
“A month,” said Itet. “My brother gave me to him in gratitude for the good work he has done in Crete.”
“Who is your brother?” asked Kiya.
“Ikhnaton, the King. He has many brothers and sisters. I feel honoured to be chosen to be the wife of Lord Dennu.”
Kiya looked at Itet in astonishment. She was the sister of the King? Dennu must have been delighted with the match. She cast a quick look at Itet’s legs and was relieved to see that she had not inherited the hippopotamus-like legs of her brother. Indeed, Itet was an attractive girl. Now that Kiya knew she was King Ikhnaton’s sister she recognised the long nose and well-chiselled lips that were a family resemblance.
“What good work did Dennu achieve in Crete to be awarded such a prize?” asked Kiya.
Itet smiled, recognising the complement. “He organised an agreement whereby Crete imports ivory from Nubia along the Nile. Egypt will be paid handsomely to allow the trade route.”
The slave girl entered carrying a tray. She extended the folding legs of the tray so it formed table which she placed before them. Kiya looked at the bowl of fruits and the plate of fancy breads and realised that she was hungry. It had been a long and stressful time since she had eaten on the pleasure boat from Thebes.
Another girl entered with a flagon of wine and she filled the two goblets that were on the tray.
Kiya offered the plate of bread to Itet but she declined so Kiya helped herself.
“You will feel better after refreshment,” said Itet. “The servants will fill your bath so you can wash away the dust of the journey. Dennu has chosen some fine clothes for you, so you can discard your old shift.”
Kiya drank from the goblet of wine and tried not to feel insulted. “I like my old shift. It must not be discarded. Even if I don’t wear it I want it kept safely.”
“Of course,” Itet agreed politely.
Kiya felt a stirring of annoyance at being patronised and hurriedly changed the subject. “Tell me about life in the harem,” she said.
“It is a happy life,” said Itet, “very luxurious and peaceful. We spend the days walking in the palace gardens or sitting in our courtyard or in the reception room of the harem.”
“What do we do?” asked Kiya. “What keeps us occupied?”
“We sew tapestries and embroider and make garlands for feasts.”
“That sounds a bit boring,” said Kiya.
“I enjoy it,” said Itet, “and soon there will be children to play with and look after.”
Kiya finished her wine. “Are we allowed out? Can we go into the city?”
Itet looked shocked. “No, indeed.”
“How do we shop?”
“Lord Dennu will provide us with all we need.” She rose to her feet. “Come, Kiya. Let me show you to your room. You will see all the pretty things our husband has bought you and you will be glad.”
Itet led the way out to the courtyard and to one of the doors. “This is your room, Kiya.”
“What about the other doors?” said Kiya.
“One is to the reception room, where we all meet. The others are for wives that are not here yet.”
“Oh!”
Itet sensed Kiya’s dismay and said, “A man in Lord Dennu’s position must be prepared for several wives. It does not mean that he loves any of us less.”
Yes it does, thought Kiya but she said nothing and allowed Itet to show her the room that she felt would be more like a prison than a home.

Chapter One Hundred and Two: An Empty Cot
Itet opened the door and invited Kiya to enter. “Look! Is it not a pretty room?” she said.
Kiya gazed around the room that was to be her home. It was similar to Itet’s, with a sunken bath, a seating ledge, a bed, a storage chest and a side table. Clothes stands stood around the walls and Kiya saw at once that Dennu had been generous with his choice of clothing. There were finely-woven shifts, an embroidered woollen travelling cloak and even a silk gown, such as she had seen in Crete. Light entered the room through a high slitted window and Kiya looked up at the sliver of sky.
“Do you like your dresses?” said Itet.
“Yes, indeed,” said Kiya and she longed to be a bird so she could fly through the window and away from this troubling new life.
Itet hurried to the chest. “Look, you have beautiful jewellery.” She held up a golden collar set with jewels. There were other collars and many armlets. Kiya looked at the armlets with interest and was disappointed to see that none of them was the one Dennu had given her in the old days – the one that belonged to his mother.
“I suppose the Queen of Crete wanted to keep his mother’s armlet,” Kiya said. Itet looked confused and Kiya realised that Dennu could have told her little about his past.
To hide the awkward moment Kiya crossed to the table to admire the wigs on the stands. There was a plain wig for every day and an elaborate evening wig, both of the finest quality. She turned her head and saw for the first time the cot standing beside her bed. For a long moment she stared at the cot, memories of her darling baby overwhelming her.
“Do you want the cot removed?” asked Itet. “Does it upset you? We could put it somewhere else until the baby comes.”
Kiya knew that the cot would never be needed. She would never see Meri as a baby again. She would never feel again his urgent mouth upon her breast or feel the softness of his chubby arms and legs. She would never be able to enfold him completely in her arms, to protect him from the world. Tears sprang into her eyes. If only she had been able to protect him. She had failed and this feeling of emptiness was her punishment.
She felt Itet’s arm go hesitantly around her shoulders. “I am sure the baby will be here soon,” she said.
Kiya shook her head. “The cot can be taken away.”
Itet clapped her hands and a slave girl appeared. “Remove the baby’s cot and clothes and toys. They need to be stored for a while.”
The slave girl bowed and ran to get another to help lift the heavy cot. As they carried it past, Kiya could see the swaddling clothes and stuffed toys it contained. A small towelling donkey with long floppy ears stared at her with mournful embroidered eyes. It reminded her of Enno and she smiled.
“That’s better,” said Itet, who was quick to notice Kiya’s changes of mood. “Dennu will want to see you when he returns home. You must prepare yourself.” She called after the departing slaves. “Lady Kiya will want a hot bath.”
“Thank you,” said Kiya and secretly gritted her teeth. Itet had taken control of the harem. As sister of the King she was higher ranked than Kiya and taking command came naturally to her. For a moment Kiya wondered whether to rebel but she hadn’t the energy. All she wanted after her long journey was peace and quiet. “I would like to be alone now,” she said.
“Of course,” said Itet. She gave a gracious bow and left the room.
The slave girls came in with buckets of hot water.
“Would you like us to bathe you, My Lady?” asked one of them.
“No, thank you,” said Kiya. “I can bathe myself.”
After the slaves had bowed low and left the room Kiya took off her shift and put it and her money belt safely in the jewellery chest. She then sank down into the hot water of the bath and let the tension leave her body.
She was not looking forward to her meeting with Dennu and feared he would be annoyed about Meri. She resolved to be honest with him. She had kept things from him in the past and secrecy had damaged their relationship. Now they were married he was entitled to the truth.
She dipped the flannel into a pot of swabu and rubbed herself all over until her skin glowed. She felt wonderfully clean. Life in a harem was luxurious, but was it really the life she wanted? She had thought that she and Dennu would face the challenges of the world together, but this was different. Dennu lived a life she knew nothing of and she would have to share his love with others.
She rose from the water and helped herself to a dry towel from the pile that had been placed beside the bath. There was a mirror on the wall beside the table and she looked at her reflection for the first time in many months. The beauty of the face that looked back at her was unchanged. Her eyes were clear and bright, with no trace of a wrinkle in the surrounding skin. Her lashes were long, her cheekbones high, the contours of her cheek rounded, her lips full and her neck long. She gained confidence from the perfection of her looks and was determined that Dennu would be impressed by her beauty.
On the table beside the wigs was a stick of kohl, a pot of rouge and a flask of oil. Kiya oiled her skin and outlined her eyes with the kohl. She then rubbed rouge into her lips and cheeks. After choosing the most transparent of her shifts she decided against wearing a wig. Her hair was newly washed and oiled and looked thick and shining. She checked in the mirror again and was pleased with the result.
Dressed in her finery she decided to explore the rest of the harem while she waited for her husband’s summons. There were two more bedrooms, already furnished and ready for more wives. There was a locked door, which must lead to the servant’s quarters and there was a large reception room with cushioned seats around the walls and a brazier for warmth.
Scented woods lay upon the brazier, ready for burning and, as Kiya passed, she smelt the aroma of frankincense. It reminded her of Seth. Kiya frowned. Here within the palace it would be easy to forget the problems of the world but she was reminded of her father’s threat to stop the Nile flooding.
“Lady Kiya?” a slave stood in the doorway of the reception room bowing to her.
“Yes?”
“Lord Dennu has sent for you.”

Chapter One Hundred and Three: Dennu
Dennu was waiting for her beside the table in the main room. He faced the door to the harem and when she entered the room he held out his arms. “Kiya. How good to see you. You look beautiful.”
Kiya hesitated. His words had been mechanical, as if rehearsed, and there was no light of love in his eyes. She bowed in a more formal greeting and said “Good evening, Lord Dennu.”
He dropped his arms. “You are annoyed. I feared you would be. I hope Itet explained to you the necessity of me having more than one wife. A man in my position is expected to maintain a harem.”
“Yes, you have done very well to marry the sister of the King. You must consider it a great honour.”
“Indeed, it is an honour and one which I could hardly refuse even if I had a mind to.”
“I wish I had known before I came here.”
“Why? So you could refuse to come? I think you owe it to me to see if you can adapt to life in a harem, Kiya. You have met Itet. Is she not a wonderful person? So kind and understanding. I am sure you two will be friends.”
“She enjoys taking control.”
“She is only trying to be helpful, Kiya. I have explained to her that a simple peasant girl will take time to adjust to palace life.”
Kiya regarded Dennu with irritation. Did he really think that praising Itet would endear the woman to her? How dare they discuss her in such a condescending way! He looked older and more careworn than when she had last seen him. There were shadows under his eyes. The dark hair that had once flopped so charmingly over his forehead had been shaved bare so his head was bald. “You look tired,” she said.
He nodded “Things are going badly. We have had to prevent the public entering the temple for fear the ceremonies will be disrupted. There is famine in the delta and the grain stores are running low. Worse still, the Nile is not rising as it should. People say that the fault is with the King for failing to worship the old gods.”
“Perhaps they are right.”
Dennu glared at her. “There is only one true god and he alone should be worshipped. Come let us sit and have refreshment. We have much to talk about.”
He led the way into the bedroom where a brazier was burning in the fire pit. Dennu took her hand to help her sit on the cushioned ledge that surrounded the pit. Then he went to the table and brought back a flask of wine and two goblets.
The evening was becoming chilly and Kiya welcomed the warmth of the flames. Dennu handed her a goblet of wine. It was strong and sweet. She took a sip and did not move away when Dennu sat down so close to her that their thighs touched.
“What happened to the baby?” he said.
Kiya, who had started to relax immediately became tense again. “I gave him to a wet nurse.”
“What wet nurse?”
Kiya remembered her resolve to be honest with Dennu and hold nothing back. She took a deep breath and said, “Hathor.”
Dennu was astounded. “Hathor? Are you mad? I presume you mean the false goddess. I doubt if she even exists. Stop your make-believe, Kiya, and tell me the truth.”
“She exists just as surely as Isis and Osiris, who you saw with your own eyes. I tell you the truth when I say that she has Meri. By now he will no longer be a baby for he will grow swiftly on the goddess’s milk.”
“Let us assume for a moment that this is more than mere fantasy. How do you plan to get him back?”
“She promised that he would be returned and I must trust her word.”
“But when? The King needs him now.”
“The King?” Kiya looked at Dennu in astonishment. “What has Ikhnaton got to do with it?”
“We heard that a healer had been born to a peasant girl in the nome of Thebes. I was reminded of your claim that the baby was immaculately conceived and hoped that the mother might be you. When I told the King he tasked me with bringing the baby to him. Am I right, Kiya? Is your child a healer?”
Kiya hesitated and then remembered her resolve to be truthful with Dennu. “Meri is a healer but his life force is too small for him to heal while so young. He nearly died restoring an old woman to health. What does the King want with him?”
“He wants to prove the power of the Aten to disbelievers. He believes that the baby has been sent to be the salvation of Egypt.”
“No, it is too dangerous,” cried Kiya.
“We will protect the child,” said Dennu. “He will only be required to perform enough miracles to calm the population.”
“Meri’s life force could not cope with such a demand.”
“That is for the King to decide,” said Dennu.
“Is that why you summoned me? You wanted to deliver my child to the King?”
“You are my wife, your place is in my house.”
“You had returned from Crete for weeks before you sent for me.”
“I admit, I needed time to establish a close relationship with Itet before your jealousy spoilt everything.”
“Are you so sure I would be jealous?”
“Yes, and by your anger you have proved me right.” He took a long drink from his goblet and then refilled it.
“I have resolved to be honest with you Dennu,” said Kiya. “I am not jealous but disappointed. I thought our love would be enough for you – for both of us and we would face the world together as a couple. I am also angry that the terms of our marriage have been changed without my knowledge or agreement.”
“I apologise,” he said. “When the King gifted me his sister I could not say no. Indeed, I would have been a fool to have done so.”
Kiya had to accept that he was right. This situation was none of his planning, although he seemed happy enough with it. She changed the subject.
“How was Crete? Did you see your father?”
Dennu nodded. “My father’s fortunate position was a great help in making my visit a success. Princess Ana will be coming to the palace soon to finalise details of a new trade route.”
“How was Massui?” Kiya asked, remembering her old adversary fondly.
“I have never seen him happier. He has become the father I used to know.”
“Was it hard to say goodbye?”
Dennu shook his head. “We have our own paths to follow. I am a man now and no longer need his approval and he certainly does not need mine. He sent his love to you and asked to be remembered to Huy and Laylos.”
“That was nice of him. I wish to see my aunt Laylos. Am I allowed to visit her?”
“No!” Dennu seemed shocked at the suggestion. “Ladies of the palace do not walk the streets.” His voice was becoming slurred and his skin flushed as the wine took effect.
“How can I see her? Will you arrange a pass so she can come to the palace?”
“Very well,” said Dennu. He rose unsteadily to his feet. “Come, Kiya. It is time for bed.”
“I will follow in a moment,” she said.
She sat and stared into the flames and listened to Dennu getting into bed. Had he really wanted her back or had he merely been after Meri? Doubts and disappointment destroyed her pleasure at seeing him again. She waited until his resonant snores filled the room and then she left the dying fire and went back to the harem.

Chapter One Hundred and Four: Boredom and Bes
The next morning Kiya woke and stared up at the ceiling of her room. It seemed to press down on her and she longed for the open sky of her parent’s roof. She groaned as she remembered her meeting with Dennu the day before. It had not gone well. She had dreamed of seeing him again. In her imagination they had fallen into each other’s arms, their love stronger than ever. How different her dreams had been to reality.
She sighed, rose from her bed, went to the door and clapped her hands. After a few moments, two servants hurried in with a bowl of hot water and a breakfast tray. Kiya thanked them and, when they had gone, she ate honeyed porridge and dates. Life in the harem was certainly going to be easy, but without food to prepare or any work to do what would occupy her day?
She stripped off her shift and washed, then dried herself and surveyed the dresses displayed upon the clothes stands. What should she wear? Kiya chose the silk robe. The material felt cool against her body and clung sensually to her skin. What should she do now? Perhaps Itet might be around. She opened the door and stared out at the deserted courtyard. It was neither as large nor as beautiful as the courtyard of the King’s harem. She looked for singing birds in cages so she might set them free, but there were none.
She found Itet in the reception room. Her fellow wife was sitting on a cushion embroidering a piece of material. Itet looked up with a smile, which turned to a look of consternation.
“You are still in your robe, Kiya!” She laid down the embroidery. “I will summon the servants to help you dress.”
“There is no need,” interrupted Kiya. “I can dress myself. Besides, I like this robe, it feels lovely and soft.”
“We cannot let standards relax,” said Itet. “Who knows when Lord Dennu might choose to enter the harem? We must be prepared at all times.”
Kiya saw that Itet was wearing a pleated shift, golden armlets, and a neck collar. She sighed. “Very well,” she said. “I will dress. But please do not summon servants on my behalf. If I need them I can summon them myself.”
Itet looked hurt. “I am only trying to be helpful.”
Kiya hurried back to her room. Keeping on good terms with Itet was going to be difficult, she thought, but she resolved not to quarrel with her. She took off her robe, put on a pleated shift and outlined her eyes with kohl.
When she got back to the reception room she saw that Itet continued with her embroidery.
“What are you making?” asked Kiya.
“I am embroidering a headpiece for Lord Dennu,” said Itet. She held out her work for Kiya to admire. It was a square of cloth with a finely-worked border of ankhs in stitches so small that it would take months to complete. “Would you like to embroider something? A cushion for his office, perhaps?”
Kiya shook her head. A cushion? Nothing as important as a head piece, she thought, but she managed to smile and say, “No thank you. I do not know how to embroider.”
“I can teach you.”
“No thank you.”
They sat for a while in silence and Kiya wondered if Itet was going to ask her about her meeting with Dennu. Such a topic must be forbidden, for eventually Itet said, “Life in a harem must be very different from life on a farm.”
“Yes, indeed,” said Kiya. More boring for a start, she thought.
“It must be wonderful for you to enjoy such luxury.”
Kiya got to her feet, anxious to escape from the suffocating harem. “I need exercise. I am going to the garden.”
“Do not go too far,” said Itet. “It will soon be time for lunch and Lord Dennu may wish to join us.”
Kiya hesitated before opening the door to the main house, fearing that she might disturb Dennu, but the room with large windows was empty. She crossed it and went out through the veranda onto the terrace. She stood, breathing in the flower-scented air and listening to the happy laughter of children playing ball upon the lawn.
Would Meri play here one day? She wondered and tried to imagine her golden child catching a ball and running with the others. How happy she would be to see him again.
One child stood apart from the rest and she regarded him with pity. Did he want to join the others? Why were they ignoring him? He stood near the terrace and must have sensed her curiosity for he turned and glared at her. With a shock, she smelled the essence of aniseed - the boy was Bes in disguise The two of them locked eyes and the child’s shape shifted. He grew shorter and squatter. His eyes bulged, his skin wrinkled and he was transformed into a dwarf. He stuck out an ugly, fat tongue and fled.
Kiya jumped down from the terrace and ran after him. His legs were short and she was gaining on him, when he dived behind a hedge and out of sight. When she looked for him he had disappeared.
Puzzled, she returned to the terrace. What was Bes doing in the palace? Who was the target of his attentions? His disguise was good enough to fool anyone. If she had not smelt his essence she would have assumed he was a child, as she had done at their first meeting in Wadi el-Nakhla. She lingered, hoping that Vitane would come out into the gardens. A lifetime spent in the sole company of Itet was unthinkable. The thought of her fellow wife reminded her that she must return for lunch and she turned her reluctant footsteps back to Dennu’s house.
Itet was waiting for Kiya in the reception room of the harem. In front of her stood a table with many small dishes of food, three goblets and a flask of wine.
“You are late,” Itet said. “We must wait a little longer in case our Lord wishes to join us.”
Kiya obediently sat beside her and stared at the food. A appetizing aroma tantalised her taste buds. Among the dishes she recognised were tiny hard-boiled eggs, duck breasts, mixed salads, broad beans, bread with poppy seeds and sliced watermelon.
“Would you like some wine?” asked Itet and picked up the flask.
“I would rather have beer,” said Kiya.
Itet put down the flask and clapped her hands. “We need beer for Lady Kiya,” she said to the servant who appeared in the doorway.
She poured herself wine. “You may start if you are hungry,” she said. “I will wait a little longer.”
Kiya ate enthusiastically and, when her beer arrived, she washed it all down and ate some more. “This is delicious,” she said.
Itet sighed. “I think Lord Dennu will not join us. He must be too busy with affairs of state.”
“All the more food for us,” said Kiya happily.
Itet looked at her reproachfully and ate without an appetite.
It occurred to Kiya that Itet’s devotion to Dennu was more than just duty.
“Do you really love him?” she asked.
Itet looked shocked. “It is not permitted to discuss such matters.” But the blush on her cheeks and the sparkle in her eyes told Kiya all that she needed to know.
She felt sorry for Itet and more fond of her than she had before. “Would you like to walk in the garden with me?” she asked.
“No thank you. I must protect my skin from the sun. I do not want to look like a peasant.”
Perhaps I’m not so fond of her after all, thought Kiya as she hurried away.

Chapter One Hundred and Five: A Firm Resolve
When Kiya reached the terrace she saw Vitane, playing ball with the children on the lawn. “Vitane,” she called and her friend turned and waved.
“Stay and play with us, Vitane,” cried one of the children.
“Later, darling,” said Vitane and hurried towards Kiya.
The two of them embraced. “Come, sit upon these cushions,” said Kiya and led her friend to the seating ledge that ran along the rear of the veranda. “Tell me what life is like in the harem.”
“It is wonderful,” said Vitane. “Everyone is so kind to me.”
“What about the King? Have you seen Ikhnaton yet?”
“Oh yes, he sent for me on the first night. I had to pretend I had been ill. Bunefer coached me in what I had to say.”
“Did it all go well?”
“Yes. He said I had put on weight and I said it was because I was happy to be his wife. Then he laughed and said he liked a woman with a bit of flesh and he made love to me.”
There was a pause. Kiya wondered if Vitane would elaborate but she merely giggled and blushed.
“That’s good news,” Kiya said. “Are you happy to be his wife?”
“Oh yes,” sighed Vitane. “He is so kind and has a handsome face. I think I have fallen in love with him.”
“You don’t mind sharing him with all the other women in the harem?”
“Oh, no. It is the custom here for a great man to have a harem. He is much too important to be confined to just one woman.”
Kiya wished that she could feel that way about Dennu, but she knew that resentment was building in her heart. “Come let us walk in the gardens,” she said.
The two of them did not wander far from Dennu’s house because Kiya was expecting her aunt Laylos to visit her. Even after Vitane had returned to the King’s harem, Kiya lingered on the terrace. Where was Laylos? she wondered. Surely her aunt would want to see her after so long apart. Eventually, as the shadows of the garden were lengthening a figure appeared. It was Huy. He hurried to the terrace. “Your aunt wants to see you and wonders why you have not sent her a pass,” he said. He sounded abrupt.
“I long to see her,” said Kiya. “I have been waiting in the garden in the hopes that she might come. Dennu said he would arrange a pass.”
“He has not done so,” said Huy. “Your aunt thinks you might have become too high and mighty to associate with your family.”
Kiya was shocked. “How can she think that! I love her dearly. I love both of you. Please tell me you don’t feel that way, Huy.”
Huy smiled at her at last. “Who knows what to think, Kiya. Your life is one of constant changes. But you have a good and loving heart, that much I know.”
“Tell Laylos that I will come and see her, whether Dennu gets me a pass or not. I refuse to remain a prisoner in the palace.”
Huy nodded. “I will tell her. But take care Kiya. Your husband has become powerful and is not a man to be crossed.”
Kiya held out her arms, wanting her uncle to give a comforting hug, but he stood back and saluted, before he turned and marched away. She watched him depart and resolved that tomorrow, come what may, she would spend time with her aunt.
The sun was setting by the time Kiya left the garden and returned to the harem. Dennu was already sitting in the reception room with Itet at his side. “Aah, Kiya. Come and join us,” he said and patted the cushion beside him. “Itet tells me you were reminded not to be late for meals.”
“I apologise,” said Kiya as she took her seat. “But I have discovered that my aunt still has not received a pass so she can visit me. I have already asked and you promised that it would be done.”
Dennu frowned. “I have many more pressing duties to see to. You can have no notion of the importance of my position. I am in charge of the collection and distribution of food in the city. Without my hard work people would starve. And you want me to be bothered over a little thing like a pass for your aunt?”
“Yes,” said Kiya.
Dennu sighed. “It will be done, but I can’t promise when.”
Kiya was about to protest when Itet interrupted. “I have been busy at work on a head cloth for you, my Lord.”
Dennu turned to her. “I am delighted, my love. You have such skill with a needle.”
A servant came in with a tray of food, which she set on the table before them.
“I ordered quail in juniper, my Lord, for I know it is your favourite,” said Itet, pointing to one of the many dishes in front of them.
“Thank you, my dear,” said Dennu.
“What a joy it is to eat like this when the city is starving,” said Kiya.
They both looked at her sharply but did not reply and helped themselves to food.
“I saw Bes in the garden,” said Kiya. “I wonder what he can be up to.”
“The god Bes?” said Itet in amazement.
“What nonsense,” said Dennu.
“What could Bes be doing in the palace grounds?” said Itet. “Is his presence a good omen or a bad one?”
“I think he might be spying on us,” said Kiya.
Dennu put his bowl down on the table and rose to his feet. “I have had enough if this,” he said. “I want no more talk of false gods. There is only one true god. As for you, Kiya. If I hear one more word about your fantasies you will be punished.” With an angry swirl of his robes he left the room.
“We have upset Lord Dennu!” wailed Itet and buried her head in her hands.
“He has upset me,” said Kiya. She picked up the jug of beer and went to her room, leaving Itet crying over the half-finished meal.
That night Kiya heard footsteps pass her door. There was the sound of distant knocking.
“Lord Dennu has summoned you, Lady Itet,” came a voice.
Kiya imagined the joy with which Itet would obey the summons. Who cares that Dennu has chosen her before me? she thought. It is just as well, because the way I feel about things at the moment I would not want to make love to him.
She lay in bed and tried not to remember the thrill of his caresses and the pressure of his urgent lips upon hers. Despite her pride, her body ached for his lovemaking. Kiya listened in the darkness for Itet’s return but heard nothing and, eventually, she fell asleep.
The next morning, Kiya decided she was going to leave the palace and see Laylos. It would probably mean she would get into trouble but she didn’t care. She pulled her old, roughly-woven shift out of the chest and put it on, then she had a sudden thought and picked up the empty beer jug. If Dennu wanted a divorce she was ready and he would know that she wanted one too. She would fill the jug with Nile water and together they would smash it and be absolved from their vows.
She entered the main room of the house. The bedroom door was shut and she strained to hear sounds from beyond, but there was silence.
Gardeners were already at work as she crossed the dew-damp lawn. She was aware of curious glances as they toiled in the flowerbeds, dead-heading and weeding. They must wonder what a peasant girl is doing in the palace she thought, and dreaded an altercation at the gates. To her relief, the guards let her through without suspicion. Their task was to keep people out, rather than keep them in. As Kiya walked away down the busy street she wondered, too late, how she would get back inside.

Chapter One Hundred and Six: A New Task
Makeshift houses, built from reeds and palm fronds, were propped against the wall of the palace. The street stank of human excrement and hungry eyes stared out from the darkness of the improvised dwellings as Kiya walked by.
In the main streets the markets still had food for sale but there was much haggling over prices and, even for those with money to spend, there was little more than bread and dates on offer. Kiya remembered with guilt the luxurious meals she had enjoyed at the palace, it left a sour taste in the mouth to feast while others starved.
Near the temple she came across the food queue. It stretched around the enormous building. At intervals an armed guard stood looking up and down the line of people. Trouble came in the form of a man who tried to creep into the queue. A fight broke out with the man behind and both were ejected from the queue by the guard.
“You bastard I had been waiting hours.”
“If you hadn’t made such a fuss we would both still be in the queue.”
“I did nothing wrong. It was you who tried to push in. I could kill you for that.”
Kiya thought another fight might break out, but both men were too dejected and they turned away.
At the front of the building Kiya saw that a fence had been built across the wide entrance. A line of soldiers stood in front, guarding the temple. There was a gap in which stood a priest with a sack of grain at his side. As each person reached the head of the food queue, the priest dipped a measuring jug into the grain and filled the receptacle they held out.
“Take this food with the blessing of the Aten,” he intoned.
Kiya felt a tug at her shift. “Spare some grain for the starving.” Kiya looked down and saw a woman sitting on the ground cradling a baby. The baby reminded her of Meri and she was saddened by the thought that it might not survive the famine.
“I am sorry,” Kiya said. “I have no food to give you.”
The woman dropped her hand and Kiya saw her despair. She wished with all her heart that she could help, but what could she do? She turned and hurried away, feeling terrible that with all her privilege she could not aid a single person.
At a junction she looked from left to right. In one direction was Laylos’s house, in the other was the Nile. The road that led towards the river was less crowded and she decided to go and fill her jug, hoping for a respite from the stench and noise of the city.
Kiya hurried past the harbour. Among the many moored boats she noticed the high, curved prow of a Cretan vessel and she wondered if Princess Ana had arrived at the palace.
Beyond the harbour was a sandy slope that led down to the river. A multitude of people were at the riverside, washing their clothes and themselves and collecting water in buckets. Kiya stood uncertainly on the road above them wondering where to push through to the Nile. She heard somebody scream and saw a man pointing at an enormous crocodile. It had been floating in the middle of the river, but was turning towards the bathers. With terrifying speed it charged, water churning in a great wave behind it. More screaming filled the air and Kiya was buffeted by people fleeing.
“Run for your lives.”
“We are being attacked.”
Kiya stood among the confusion and stared at the crocodile. There was something familiar about it and, when it raised its head to stare at her she caught the scent of water lilies. It was the god Sobek. Their eyes locked and then the crocodile veered away and swam into a thicket of reeds.
“Has he gone?”
“That was a close one.”
“Be careful, I think he might be hiding.”
People nervously returned to the slope. They gained confidence when there was no sign of the crocodile and soon life went on as before.
Kiya went to the reeds and managed to penetrate the thicket enough to be hidden from the people.
“Are you there, Sobek?” she whispered. There was a movement in the darkness at the base of the papyrus stems.
“I am here. I have been waiting for you.” He raised his head and she felt a frisson of fear at his monstrous appearance. “We are facing a crisis, Kiya. The Nile has failed to flood.”
“I know, people are already starving.”
“You are the only one who can help. You must go to Nubia and discover what your father is doing.”
“Where is Anubis? Why has he not come to ask me?”
“Anubis is sulking and Hathor is obsessed with the child. I am asking you, Kiya, on behalf of all the immortals.”
“I do not need to go to Nubia to find out what Seth is doing. He told me before he left Egypt. He is using his power to control the winds and divert rainfall away from the source of the Nile.”
“Then you must try to stop him,” said Sobek.
“Why does it have to be me?”
“You are his daughter and the one person he has confided in.”
Kiya gave bitter laugh. “Confided? That is hardly the word. It was more of a threat. I can assure you that he sees no value in our relationship.”
“You have a responsibility. You are the one who invoked his anger by restoring his brother’s ka.”
“I was only obeying instructions.”
“And will do so again, I hope.”
“I suppose so,” said Kiya reluctantly. “But it is an impossible task. I have no way of reaching Nubia, nor any hope of altering my father’s plans.”
“You must do your best,” said Sobek. “I will help you where I can.”
He was about to leave but Kiya stopped him. “Have you seen my son, Meri? How is he?”
“He is a wonder.” The harsh voice of the crocodile softened.
Kiya wanted to know more but Sobek turned away and with powerful strokes of his tail he ploughed a channel through the reeds and disappeared below the water.
Kiya stood and watched the ripples of his passing while she wondered how she was going to achieve the task that had been imposed upon her. She filled the jar she carried with Nile water. The first thing to do was try to enlist Dennu’s help. If he refused then she would have no option but to divorce him.

Chapter One Hundred and Seven: Arrested
As Kiya headed towards Laylos’s house her head was spinning with thoughts of the task imposed on her by Sobek. Would her aunt and uncle join her? It would be like the old days when she, Laylos, Huy and Dennu were chased the length of Egypt by Massui’s men. With her comrades by her side she would find the courage to face all obstacles.
In a narrow street close to the barracks a man blocked her way. “What have you got in that jar, girl? Is it beer?”
“No, it is just Nile water.”
“Give it to me!”
There was no alternative but to hand over the jar. The man took a swig then spat the water out in disgust. “What are you trying to do? Poison me?”
“No, sir. I need it to divorce my husband.”
The man handed the jar back to her. “He will be sorry to lose such a pretty wife,” he leered.
Kiya hurried on. When she reached the square where Laylos lived she found more improvised shelters. The smell made her nose wrinkle. She trod carefully between two tents, made from filthy sheets, and knocked on Laylos’s door.
“Go away I have no food to spare.”
“Laylos, it is I, Kiya. Open the door!”
The door was flung open. “Kiya, darling! I have longed to see you.” Laylos enfolded Kiya in her arms. “Have you made this journey alone? My dear child, the streets of Akhetaten are no longer safe. Come in quickly.” She ushered Kiya indoors. “Is that beer you have brought with you?” She took Kiya’s jar and looked into it.
“No, it is just Nile water,” said Kiya and felt guilty that she had not thought to bring food for her aunt.
Laylos put the jar down on the kitchen table, sat on the seating ledge and patted the cushion beside her. “Come and sit down, my dear. I regret I have no refreshments to offer you. But I have wonderful news.” Kiya looked at her aunt’s shining eyes and wondered what the news might be. “I am with child!”
Kiya was astounded. Was it possible? She put her arms around her aunt and gave her a hug. “This is exciting news, indeed. But will you be all right, Laylos? Are you getting enough to eat?”
“Yes, Huy is able to smuggle food out of the palace.”
“What about the birth? Will it be safe for you to have a child?” She was about to add at your age but managed to stop in time.
Laylos nodded happily. “I have known many women to give birth in their thirties.”
But was it their first birthing? Kiya wondered. It must be easier for a woman who had children before. She did not voice her fears to her aunt but embraced her once more. “I could not be more delighted,” she said.
“But what of your baby?” said her aunt. “Huy tells me that you gave him to a wet nurse.”
“That is right,” said Kiya.
“Why not get the baby back and bring it to the palace with you? I don’t understand, Kiya. Surely you must love your son?”
“I adore Meri. Oh, Laylos, it breaks my heart to know that he will never be my baby again.”
“Why not? Tell me everything, Kiya.”
So Kiya told her aunt about the pregnancy and how she had been filled with the love of all living things. “It was as though the love came from the baby inside me. Even Seth felt it when he came to visit me.”
“Seth? What did that devil want?” said Laylos.
“He was angry and said he would stop the Nile flooding.”
Laylos nodded. “He seems to have succeeded in that! How was the birth? Did Ramala look after you correctly?”
“Mother was wonderful and the birth was easy, though I must admit it did not feel that way!”
Laylos laughed. “The pains of birth are soon forgotten. If not, every woman would have but one child.”
“The problems came afterwards. Meri is a healer and is willing to heal all who suffer. He lost so much of his life force that he was in danger of dying. I had to give him to Hathor to save his life.”
“Hathor? The goddess?” Laylos was amazed. “The woman who can turn into a ravening beast if annoyed? Whatever possessed you to do such a thing?” Kiya tried to stop her tears but she could not. “I am sorry Kiya. Oh, my dear, please do not cry. I did not mean to upset you. Come here.” Kiya felt the warmth and comfort of Laylos’s arms around her, but instead of her tears stopping they flowed more freely.
“I miss him so much,” Kiya sobbed. “He was a wonderful baby, so full of love that he seemed to shine.”
“I am sure Hathor will bring him back safely. And what about you, Kiya. Are you happy with your life in the palace?”
“No.” Kiya shook her head. “I returned to find that Dennu had taken another wife.” Her grief at Dennu’s betrayal added yet more tears and she wept in her aunt’s embrace like a child.
“There, there,” said Laylos comfortingly. “Is that why you have a jar of Nile water? Are you planning to divorce him?”
“Probably,” said Kiya. “I am going to give him one last chance. I need to go to Nubia to confront Seth.”
“Seth? My dear Kiya, whatever for?”
“I have been tasked by the gods to save Egypt.”
“Impossible! You must not go. That devil will kill you.”
“I must take the chance. If Dennu agrees to come with me all will be well. When we come back I will be content to live in his harem and bear his children.”
“You are being unreasonable,” said Laylos. “He is an important man now. He cannot leave his responsibilities.”
“Is not saving Egypt a greater responsibility?”
Laylos shook her head. “I doubt if he will see it that way. If he has any sense he will forbid you to go.”
“What about you, Aunt? Would you like to come with me?”
Laylos laid a protective hand upon her stomach. “I cannot. I fear losing the child I have longed for all my life.”
“What about Huy?”
“No! I beg of you. Do not ask Huy. Without him I will have no food and will die.”
The sight of her aunt’s anguish distressed Kiya. “I am so sorry, Laylos. How thoughtless of me. Of course I will not ask him and I am confident that he would refuse even if I did so. I envy you having a man who loves you so dearly.”
As the two of them embraced there came a heavy knocking at the door.
“Open up!” The voice was harsh and commanding.
Laylos and Kiya stared at the door as it quivered under the blows.
“We have a palace pass for Laylos the medicine woman,” said the voice.
Laylos got to her feet and opened the door. Outside stood four men in the uniform of palace guards. One of then bowed and handed her a piece of papyrus. “Lord Dennu sends his compliments and has ordered us to escort Lady Kiya back to the palace.”
“I think I am being arrested,” Kiya said and she picked up her jar of Nile water.
Laylos kissed her. “Be kind to Dennu,” she said. “He wants what is best for you.”
“Come and see me soon,” said Kiya and she turned to smile at her aunt as she was marched away.

Chapter One Hundred and Eight: An Unexpected Invitation
The guards at the palace gate stood back and saluted as Kiya was escorted through. She tried to look dignified but was aware of the incongruous figure she must appear in her ragged shift and clutching a jar of water. With her head held high she walked in the midst of the soldiers through the gardens, up the steps of the terrace and into the house. Dennu sat working at the table in the main room, but rose to his feet when the group entered.
“Was she at the address I suggested?” he asked.
“Yes, Sir.”
“Thank you. You may go.”
The soldier saluted, barked an order to his men and they marched away, leaving Kiya to face her husband.
Dennu frowned. “You are mad to leave the palace on your own, Kiya. The streets are not safe.”
“You took too long to organise a pass for Laylos. I wanted to see her.”
Dennu’s frown deepened. “You are a grown woman now and must learn patience. Surely the meeting with your aunt could have waited? Apart from the risk of being out alone, how did you intend to get back into the palace?”
“I did not consider it.”
Dennu nodded. “I thought as much. You are fortunate that Itet was concerned enough to inform me of your departure. I hope you show her gratitude.”
So it was Itet’s fault that she had been discovered. Kiya gave a bitter laugh. “I should show Itet gratitude for spying on me?”
Dennu sighed. “Itet is unhappy with your attitude, Kiya. The last thing I want is for her to be upset.”
“What about me being upset?” demanded Kiya.
“You have made little effort to get along with Itet,” said Dennu sternly, “while she has made every effort to look after you and teach you the ways of the harem.”
Kiya knew that he was right. “I am sorry. I honestly do not dislike Itet, Dennu. I think she makes you an excellent wife. The problem is that I find it difficult to live in a harem, indeed I fear it is impossible for me to do so.”
Dennu looked at the jar she was holding. “Is that full of Nile water?”
“Yes.”
“Does this mean you want a divorce?” His expression was inscrutable.
“Is that not what you want?” asked Kiya.
“No!” He was emphatic. “I want you to submit to the disciplines of the harem and bear me children.”
“Do you love me, Dennu?” she said and held her breath while she waited for his answer.
“Of course I do.”
“But you love Itet as well.”
“It is my duty to love all my wives.”
“But do you not love me more?”
Dennu sighed. “Why do you always have to be special, Kiya. You are my first wife. Is that not enough for you?”
“No.”
He shook his head. “You are overwrought, Kiya. I suggest you go back to the harem and think things over before you make any hasty decisions.” He turned away and was about to return to his work when Kiya remembered Sobek and the mission to Nubia.
“Wait, Dennu. There is something I need to talk to you about.”
“Be quick,” he said.
“I saw Sobek this morning when I went to the river to fill the jar.”
“You saw a floating log, more likely. Your fantasies border on the insane.”
Kiya ignored his insult and continued, “He wants me to go to Nubia and petition Seth to let the Nile flood.”
Dennu gave a sardonic laugh. “So you, little Kiya, are going to single-handedly end the famine. Your craving for attention knows no bounds.”
Kiya fought back her anger. “Not single-handedly for I hope you will come with me.”
“You must be mad. Have you asked Huy and Laylos?”
“They cannot come for Laylos is with child and Huy must stay and look after her.”
“Sensible people, and I am needed here.”
“Power has made you a coward,” she said, her anger rising.
“And nature has made you an irresponsible fool. I forbid you to go on such a foolhardy adventure.”
“Then I want a divorce!” she cried and held out the jar to him. He ignored it. “I have no time for such nonsense. I am very busy - your misconduct has cost me several hours work. I must ask you to return to the harem.”
He gave a dismissive bow and turned to the piles of papyrus sheets upon the table. Kiya stood clutching her jar but he took no more notice of her and, with a heavy heart, she went through the door to the harem.
Itet was sitting on a bench in the courtyard. Her face lit up when she saw Kiya. “Kiya! Thank the gods you have returned safely. We have been so worried about you.”
“I only went to visit my aunt. There was no need to tell Dennu that I had gone.”
“You are right,” said Itet. “It caused our poor husband much concern. But what if you had failed to return? I would never have been forgiven.”
“I suppose so.” Kiya had no wish to argue and was about to pass by when Itet put a hand upon her arm.
“I have such good news, Kiya. I think I may be with child.” Kiya stared at her, aghast. Another pregnancy? But whereas Laylos’s condition was joyful news this was like a kick to the stomach. Itet frowned “What is the matter? Are you not happy for me?”
She was carrying Dennu’s baby, an indissoluble bond had been created. Gone was any last hope that Kiya could return to the old days when it was just her and Dennu. With an effort Kiya controlled her emotions. “Yes of course,” she said and kissed her rival’s cheek. “But you have given me much to think about.” She pulled her arm from Itet’s grasp.
“Don’t go!” cried Itet. “You have experience in such matters and will be a great help and comfort to me.”
But Kiya could think of nothing but this final betrayal and hurried to her room. She flung herself onto her bed and wept. She had pulled herself together and was drying her eyes when there was a knock on the door and the voice of a servant announced. “Princess Ana is waiting on the terrace. She wishes to speak with you.”
Kiya leapt from her bed and checked her appearance in the mirror. She looked dishevelled. Hurriedly she combed her hair and wiped the last traces of kohl from beneath her eyes.
Ana was standing, gazing out over the garden. She turned with a smile when Kiya approached.
“Ah, Kiya, the heroine of the Maze. I never thought that I would see you again.”
Kiya curtsied. “Princess Ana, I am honoured that you have come to visit. Can I offer you refreshment?” She was about to clap her hands to summon a servant but Ana shook her head.
“I have little time, but I was curious to hear how your life has changed. From peasant to slave and now among the highest of Egypt.”
“I cannot claim any credit. I have marriage to your cousin, Dennu, to thank for my good fortune.”
Ana smiled and leaned forwards confidentially. “To be honest, I cannot imagine you in a harem. You are a warrior, Kiya, as I am. Crete still talks about your confrontation with the Minotaur.”
“Really?” Kiya was flattered.
“I have come to pay my respects and say goodbye,” said Ana. “Tomorrow I will be leaving.”
“Are you going back to Crete?”
“Not yet. I have to go to Nubia to find a supplier for ivory.” Kiya’s heart leapt. Could this be her passageway to Seth? “Your husband has agreed a trade route on terms very favourable to Egypt,” continued Ana. “We need to buy enough ivory to make the price of passage worthwhile.”
“I wish to go to Nubia too.”
“You do?” Ana looked surprised and then she laughed. “What a shame, under different circumstances you could have come with us.”
“Can I, Ana? I promise I would be no burden.”
Ana shook her head. “We leave first thing tomorrow. Besides you are a married woman. Dennu would never let you go.”
“I intend to divorce him. I have the jar of Nile water ready.”
“You are full of surprises, Kiya.” Ana frowned, obviously rethinking her offer. “It will be an uncomfortable journey, for we ride on war chariots.”
“No matter.”
“Oh, very well. If you are ready before we leave you can come with us. I remember your bravery in the bull maze on Crete and have no fear that you will be a burden.”
“Thank you.” Kiya clasped her hands together in happiness. The immortals must have arranged this, she thought, although she could not imagine how.

Chapter One Hundred and Nine: Divorce
The next morning, Kiya woke early. Today was her last day in the harem. She jumped out of bed, went to the door and clapped her hands.
A sleepy servant brought a bowl of hot water and put it on the table. “Do you wish breakfast, my Lady?”
“Yes, please.”
Kiya washed and dressed in her old shift, then checked her money belt before she put it on. It contained many coin rings of tin, bronze and silver. There were also several gold nuggets left over from her previous mission. She would be able to pay her way.
The servant brought breakfast and, as Kiya ate, she looked around at the luxurious room with its comfortable bed and sunken bath. She admired her beautiful dresses and wigs and thought that never again would she live in such splendour. With a sigh she picked up the jar of Nile water and went out into the courtyard. She had a quick look in the reception room but there was no sign of Itet. She must be asleep, thought Kiya – or with Dennu.
As she opened the connecting door to Dennu’s house she wondered if he would be there, working at his table. The room was empty. Through the large windows she saw that the sun had already risen above the wall of the palace. Spurred by the anxiety of missing Ana’s chariots, Kiya hurried to the bedroom door and knocked.
“Who is there?” Dennu’s drowsy voice answered.
“It is I, Kiya.”
There was a pause and then the door opened and Dennu emerged, doing up the belt of his robe. Kiya tried to look behind him to see if Itet was in his bed but he shut the door too quickly.
“What do you want, Kiya? It is early.”
“I want a divorce,” said Kiya and thrust the jar at him.
“Could this not wait?” he said.
“No, I am leaving soon. Ana has offered to take me to Nubia.”
“Are you still determined upon this ridiculous mission of yours? You have no idea of the dangers you will face. What if you are killed?”
“Will you be sorry?”
“Of course. We will all be sorry.”
Kiya frowned, “Let’s get this over with.”
They went out onto the terrace and both held the jar.
“Are you certain this is what you want?” asked Dennu.
“Yes!”
Dennu sighed, gripped the jar more tightly and said, “With the breaking of this jar.”
“Our marriage vows have ended,” said Kiya.
Together they smashed the jar down on the stone surface of the terrace and it broke into several pieces. A pool of water lay glinting in the sun.
“I hope we can still be friends,” said Dennu. “You are welcome to keep the dresses and jewellery I bought for you.”
“No thank you,” said Kiya, “though I appreciate your generosity in making such an offer. All I want is the return of the spear I leant you when you visited Crete.”
“Of course.” He went into the house and returned with the spear. “This is a remarkable weapon. I learnt in Crete that the star metal from which the tip is formed can be obtained from beneath the earth.”
“Like gold from a mine?”
“Yes, the Hittites trade such weapons. I was given a sword by the Queen of Crete.”
“Can I borrow it?”
Dennu laughed unpleasantly. “And have it lost in the jungles of Nubia? No you may not!”
“I don’t think you ever loved me,” she said and turned away from him. Children had emerged from the King’s harem and were playing on the lawn. Their happy laughter jarred with the pain she was feeling.
“Then you are a fool,” he said. “The only thing that has changed is that I have become a man while you are unable to accept the responsibilities of adulthood.”
A woman and a child were walking towards them beneath the trees. The child was about six years old and glowed with a golden light.
“Meri?” Kiya gasped and clung to the balcony of the terrace for support as she watched them come closer. Could this be the baby she had entrusted to Hathor? She was aware of Dennu coming to stand beside her and together they observed an extraordinary scene.
The children had noticed the golden boy and stopped their play to stare. One hesitantly came towards him and offered him a sweet. Meri smiled, took the sweet and then he gave the child back two more. Other children gathered around, amazed by this miracle. To each child Meri gave the same sweet, multiplied again and again.
Kiya heard Dennu gasp as he watched the child reproduce the sweet, but when she looked round to speak to him he had gone.
Puzzled, she turned again to the scene before her. She could see that the woman with Meri was Hathor and she ran down the steps to greet her. Meri was in the centre of a crowd of children. They were getting too close, threatening to overwhelm him, and Hathor shooed them away.
“Is this my child?” Kiya said.
“This is Meri,” said Hathor proudly. “Has he not grown?”
“He looks wonderful,” said Kiya. “Thank you for all you have done. Will it be safe for me to keep him now?”
“He is still very young,” said Hathor doubtfully.
Meri looked at Kiya with his brilliant blue eyes and she felt his love so strongly that it made her want to weep.
“I have missed you so much, my darling.” She knelt and held out her arms to him. Meri, too, held out his arms but he did not come to her for a cuddle as she had hoped.
“It is better if he is not touched,” said Hathor.
“Not even by his mother?” said Kiya. “How can I show him affection?”
“There is no need,” said Hathor. “Meri knows nothing but love.”
“You mean that everybody loves him?”
“Indeed they do, but that is not what I mean. Meri feels neither grief not jealousy nor any other human emotion. He is the love of the unknowable god made manifest in a child.”
Kiya bowed her head. “Am I not special to him?”
“You are very special, Kiya. But so is everybody. The child is a blessing to the world.”
There was the sound of running feet and Kiya looked up to see soldiers approaching.
“By orders of Lord Dennu we have come to take the child to the temple,” said the lead soldier and he drew his sword.
Kiya heard Hathor growl and knew that she was about to become her deadly alter-ego, Sekhmet. She braced herself for the bloodletting. But Meri turned to Hathor and held up his hand to prevent the transformation. Kiya saw the goddess step back as the power of the child’s love overwhelmed her. The glaring eyes and snarling mouth of the lion she was about to become, morphed back into a woman’s face and she bowed her head in submission.
“I beg of you. Do not hurt him!” she said to the soldiers.
The lead soldier looked terrified by the shape-shifting he had witnessed. “He will be kept safely,” he said, his voice barely more than a croak. Then he and his men hurried away with Meri in their midst.

Chapter One Hundred and Ten: Confrontation
The palace children ran after the soldiers, their shrill voices distressed.
“Where are you taking him?”
“What has he done wrong?”
One child did not join the others but stood staring at the departing throng. Kiya suspected that he might be Bes. Her anger at the loss of Meri found a target and she leapt upon the child. This time the dwarf did not escape. She managed to clutch an arm and the child struggled and screamed in her grip. For a moment Kiya wondered if she might have made a mistake but the smell of aniseed reassured her that she was correct. Hathor stared in astonishment until the child changed into hideous form of the god Bes.
“You little rat,” said Hathor. “What are you doing in the palace? Spying for your master, no doubt.”
“Yes,” spat Bes. “Seth knows about the child and now he will know that you have brought him here.”
“How dare you!” said Kiya and gave the god a shake.
“Ouch,” Bes screamed. “As for you, devil woman, hated by your father. He will destroy you all when he finds out.” With his free hand he drew a knife from his belt and swiped at Kiya. She flung him away from her and he fell heavily upon the ground. “If you touch me again I will kill you,” he snarled. He gave Kiya a look of pure loathing, then limped a few steps and disappeared.
“You took a terrible risk,” said Hathor. “The knife he carries is coated with a paralysing poison. Few people would dare lay a hand on Bes.”
Kiya looked at Hathor in consternation. “It is fortunate that I am leaving the palace! Hopefully he will not find me again. Is that why he is here, to kill me?”
“To report back on the effects of the famine, more likely,” said Hathor. “It is Seth’s intention to let Egypt starve.”
“I go to Nubia to find him. Perhaps I can persuade him to have mercy.”
“Who has asked you to undertake such a mission?”
“Sobek. He met me by the river.”
Hathor looked worried. “It will be too dangerous. I was tempted to come to you about this matter but Anubis begged me not to. He still has feelings for you and could not bear you to be hurt.”
“Really?” Kiya was flattered. “Tell him that I will take care. I don’t believe my father wants me dead.”
“There is more than Seth to worry about. Strange demigods inhabit the lands between the cataracts and there are monsters in the Molloch mine.”
“Please don’t frighten me, Hathor. If I thought I was needed in this world I would not go. But Meri does not think of me as a mother and Dennu no longer loves me. What reason have I to remain here?”
Tears of self pity filled her eyes and it was through a watery haze that she saw a Cretan soldier come around the corner of the palace and beckon to her.
“I must go.” Kiya cried and dashed the tears from her eyes. Hathor blinked at the rapid change of mood. “Good bye Hathor, dear.” Kiya flung her arms around the goddess’s neck and kissed her.
“Good luck,” said Hathor.
Kiya gripped her spear and, as she ran across the lawn towards the soldier, she shouted over her shoulder. “I will try to rescue Meri before I leave.”
Ana was waiting by the gate of the palace. She was in a war chariot and held the reins of two horses. She looked magnificent in a short tunic, wearing a metal breastplate and with a plumed helmet on her head.
“Come up beside me, Kiya,” she said.
The two spearmen who stood on either side of Ana moved back to allow Kiya room to mount the chariot and take a place at the front.
“Can you steer this thing?” asked Kiya nervously. She remembered the last time she was in a Cretan chariot. Huy had been unable to control the single horse and they had ended up in a pit.
“Of course,” laughed Ana. “I have been driving chariots since I was a child.” She looked back to ensure that the line of chariots behind them was ready to proceed then she gestured to the guards to open the gates.
There was excitement in the street as the chariots emerged. Some people ran to clear a way for them, others rushed to get a better view. Kiya clung to the bar at the front of the chariot and tried not to bump into Ana as they made their jolting way through the crowd.
“Can we stop at the temple, please?” Kiya asked. “There is something I must do.”
“Very well,” said Ana, “since it is on our way. But be quick. These people are delaying us enough and our ship is ready and waiting.”
Ana stopped the chariot at the entrance to the temple. The horses pawed the ground and shifted uneasily at the sight of the row of soldiers that stood before them. At the front of the soldiers stood Dennu. He wore the uniform of a warrior priest with leather cross straps buckled over his chest and a sword at his side. He frowned when he saw Kiya.
“Let my child go!” said Kiya.
“Never!” he said and he drew the sword from its sheath. “He is under the King’s protection.”
“Kidnapper! I demand you release him!” Grief and anger overwhelmed her and she drew back the arm that held her spear.
Dennu hefted his sword and stared at her. His expression showed neither love nor fear but an absolute resolve. The shifting horses made it difficult for Kiya to maintain her aim and for a few seconds the air between them crackled with tension.
“Enough!” cried Ana and wheeled the horses around.
Kiya clung to the bar as the chariot careened away. Her heart was pounding so strongly that she felt it might burst through her chest. She wanted to look back, but had to concentrate on keeping her footing. It was not until the chariots were out of the centre of Akhetaten and heading towards the harbour that Ana asked “What was that all about? I thought you were going to divorce the man, not kill him.”
“He stole my child.”
“Why?”
“Meri can work miracles. He can cure the sick and multiply food so one sweet becomes many. Dennu wanted such magic for himself.”
“How did you imagine you could recapture the child? Even if you killed Dennu, there were a dozen soldiers to fight your way through and many already had spears aimed at you.”
Kiya realised her recklessness with remorse. “I am sorry Ana. I put you in danger and I did not mean to.”
“I am disappointed that you allowed your emotions to blind you to the facts of the situation,” said Ana. “Love makes a woman foolish. By holding Meri in the temple, Dennu can save the lives of thousands. The grain store can be replenished by your miracle worker so it will not run out and the people will be saved from starvation.”
“Meri is just a child!” cried Kiya.
“Much more than a child, if what you told me is correct. Many men will want him but he can be safely guarded in the temple. Dennu is an honourable man and I am sure your child will be well cared for.”
Kiya was silent. Ana might be right but that did not bring her comfort. She still seethed against Dennu and his high-handed treatment of her.
Ahead of them she saw the hooked prow of the Cretan ship. Soon they would be on their way and all this would be behind her. Kiya’s hopes for a happy life with Meri and Dennu had been shattered. A new future beckoned and one that was fraught with difficulties.

Chapter One Hundred and Eleven: The Mission Begins
Kiya dismounted from the chariot and waited at Ana’s side while the horses were unharnessed and led down the gangplank to the boat. The canopy attached to the mast was set high and Kiya could see the horses’ legs as they stood under it, shifting uneasily as the boat rocked.
The chariots were hauled aboard next, each manoeuvred down the gangplank by four soldiers and stored beneath the fore and aft decks. Once everyone was on board Kiya followed Ana down the steeply-tilted timber to the deck.
“You may sit with me in the captain’s cabin,” said Ana. “He will stand at the prow to ensure we do not hit a sandbank. Your river can be treacherous, especially now the water is so low.”
Kiya climbed the steps to the stern deck, where two men stood on either side holding huge, steering oars. The leather cabin between them provided welcome shade but she wished it did not smell so strongly of rotting hide and old fish. She sat down on the wooden bench inside the cabin and watched the activity taking place before her.
The Cretan soldiers were stripping off their chest armour and settling down on the rowing benches on either side of the boat. They each picked up an oar and Kiya realised that they were intending to row the ship up the river. When the Nile was in full flow this would have been an impossible task. Even now that the river moved sluggishly it would be hard work for the men.
Ana was talking to the captain at the prow. When she finished he nodded and bowed, then turned to the workers waiting on the quay and shouted a word of command. Thick wooden poles were used to push the boat away from the shore. The soldiers now had room to place their oars in position. They slotted them though loops in a rope that ran along the gunwale of the ship.
Kiya watched the soldiers as they straightened their arms and flexed their bodies against the pressure of the oars. Slowly the boat moved upstream. Ana walked back from the prow between the tethered horses and the rowers. She gave words of encouragement to each of them, then climbed the steps to the stern deck.
“The captain says we can only go as far as Thebes,” she said as she sat on the seat beside Kiya. “The water has become too shallow for a sea-going vessel, such as this one. We will have to ride the rest of the way on the chariots.”
“I see,” said Kiya, who did not look forward to such a prospect.
“Tell me, did you divorce Dennu as intended?”
“Yes,” Kiya sighed. “I had such high hopes. When he sent for me I thought that he had accepted Meri as his son and that the three of us would be a happy family together.”
“That is the way of the lower orders,” said Ana. “The ruling classes have to marry for power, privilege and connections. Dennu was a fool to marry for love.”
“Do you think he still loves me?” said Kiya.
Ana shook her head. “I doubt it, not any more. Not after your performance at the temple.”
Kiya felt an overwhelming need for comfort. “Might we stop and see my parents when we pass their farm?” she asked.
Ana shook her head. “I am sorry, Kiya. We have no time for socialising. I have important work to do. I will drop you off there if you like. This mission you intend to go on can be little more than a daydream.”
“No! Forget I asked. I must get to Nubia, Ana, and I am very grateful that you have allowed me to accompany you. I swear I will be no hindrance to you.”
“Very well.” Ana nodded but did not seem pleased and soon left the cabin to stand with the captain on the prow of the ship.
As the day progressed beer was passed around to the rowing soldiers and water to the horses. Kiya was offered beer and drank it gratefully. It was slightly stronger than she was used to and she slept afterwards.
She was woken by a shout from the captain and Kiya saw the familiar skyline of the Theban hills in front of them. Around the next bend in the river was the city, sprawling on either side of the Nile.
The ship steered towards one of the quays of Western Thebes and found space among the many moored ships. Kiya stood beside Ana on the stern deck and watched mooring ropes being thrown to workmen on shore.
The ship was pulled into position and Kiya saw many people gather to watch it dock. They must be startled to see a Cretan ship in the harbour, she thought.
The soldiers had stowed their oars and were dressed once more in their uniforms. Under the orders of the ship’s captain they untethered the horses and led them up the gangplank. The war chariots were hauled up to the quay next and Kiya could see that some of the onlookers were becoming anxious.
“We come in peace!” Ana called out them. She turned to Kiya. “Follow me ashore. When they see an Egyptian girl among us they will know that this is a friendly visit.”
Kiya followed Ana down from the stern deck and stepped carefully across the bottom deck, which had been soiled by the horses. She climbed the gangplank behind the Princess and saw the harbour master approaching. He was flanked by two armed guards but looked nervous as his eyes scanned the ranks of Cretan soldiers.
“What is your purpose in Thebes?” he asked.
“I come with the authority of King Ikhnaton,” said Ana, handing him a scroll.
He harbourmaster glanced at the scroll then rolled it up and handed it back to Ana. “This seems to be in order.”
“We wish to moor our ship under your protection. I will leave men to guard the boat against the curiosity of the people.”
“What about the harbour dues?”
“We are willing to pay,” said Ana. They haggled briefly before she summoned a soldier with a money purse and took out a handful of Egyptian coin rings, which she handed to the harbour master.
By now the horses were harnessed to the chariots. Ana chose two soldiers to remain behind with the captain. The rest of them mounted the chariots and once more, Kiya stood beside Ana.
The crowd around them had grown but the people were in good humour and drew aside to let the chariots pass.
“Look, that’s Kiya, the farmer’s daughter!”
Kiya waved in the direction of the voice then had to cling to the front of the chariot as it jolted into motion.
“Show us the way south through the city,” commanded Ana, “or we will be lost in a maze of streets.”
Kiya directed the chariots through Thebes. There were faces she recognised as they passed through the market and she knew that her parents would be told that she was seen riding a Cretan chariot.
Their speed increased as they travelled along the long road that led past her farm. There was no sign of her parents or Khamet and she felt a pang of homesickness as she abandoned all hope of seeing them.

Chapter One Hundred and Twelve: Captain Yidini
Shadows were lengthening into evening when Kiya saw tents pitched beside the road.
“Ah, good, Yidini has managed to prepare our camp,” said Ana.
Kiya heaved a sigh of relief. She had feared it might be the Princess’s intention to drive through the night.
Ana reined in her horses and a man hurried from one of the tents. He held the horses steady as she dismounted from the chariot. He spoke in Cretan but was obviously welcoming her with great deference. She nodded her approval of the camp and said something that made him smile and bow.
Kiya climbed down from the chariot with difficulty. Her leg muscles were knotted with the strain of keeping balance and her arms and shoulders ached with holding on. She stood uncertainly. The man indicated her and asked a question.
Ana replied and he shook his head. The Princess spoke more forcefully and he bowed in acquiescence. Ana beckoned Kiya forwards.
“This the captain of my troops. His name is Yidini. He is reluctant to take you to Nubia for fear you might be a liability. I have told him that I vouch for your bravery.”
Kiya held up her hand in salutation and smiled at the man. He was in his thirties, a battle-hardened soldier with a grim expression. He returned the gesture without a glimmer of welcome.
“Yidini was sent ahead to prepare the camp, while I stayed with the King in Akhetaten. I have congratulated him on his success.”
Kiya looked around at the tents. There were six of them, made from the dark, goat’s-hair material used by nomads. They had been erected on an area of scrubland next to the road and beside them was a fire. A whole lamb was being spit-roasted above the fire and Kiya’s mouth watered at the delicious smell. It had been a long time since she had eaten.
“Come, Kiya,” said Ana, “You can join me.”
The Princess walked towards the circle of men sitting around the fire. As she approached they leapt to their feet and stood to attention. She greeted them and they bowed. Beyond them, the horses were being tethered in the scrub. Kiya followed Ana to see that each was given a pile of hay and a container of water. Only when the horses were settled did Ana return to the fire and indicate to Yidini that the meal should be served.
Kiya sat down beside Ana in the ring of soldiers and watched two men lift the roast lamb from the fire, place it on a large bronze platter and remove the spit. One of them used his knife to cut the meat into many portions. Flat breads were piled onto the plate with the meat. The platter was passed around and all helped themselves.
As she enjoyed the meal, Kiya watched the firelight flickering on the faces of the young men who surrounded her and was aware of their curious glances. It must be strange to have a woman accompany them on such a mission, she thought. Ana, who led them, was a woman, of course, but with her tall athletic body and strong features she seemed more like a man.
After they had eaten Ana got to her feet and made a speech in Cretan. The soldiers applauded, goblets of beer were handed out and there was much talk and laughter. Most of it was in Cretan but, although she could not understand, Kiya relaxed and felt happy to be in such jovial company.
Ana gave a yawn. “It is time for bed, let me show you to our tent, Kiya.” She led Kiya to one of the tents where there was a wide mattress on the floor, piled with rugs.
“Where do I sleep?” asked Kiya.
Ana clapped her hands and Yidini entered the tent. Ana gave instructions and he returned presently with a second mattress and more rugs.
“The foolish man thought you were my lover,” said Ana.
“Really?” Kiya was aghast.
“I have told him that your emotions are involved with another,” Ana said. “Come, let us get to bed. It has been a long day.”
Kiya was disconcerted by the news that Ana was a man-woman. She hurriedly got into bed and slept fully clothed. At first, she listened for any untoward movement but tiredness soon overwhelmed her and, despite her anxiety, she slept soundly.
The next morning she woke to the smell of newly-baked bread. She looked across the tent and saw that Ana’s bed was empty. When Kiya emerged from the tent she saw that the soldiers were gathered at the edge of the river. Three feluccas skimmed across the water, zigzagging against the wind then turning and sailing swiftly back.
Ana was standing with the soldiers. When she saw Kiya she beckoned her to join them.
“Yidini has purchased three feluccas for the next part of our journey,” Ana said. “The men under his command have had but a week to learn to sail them. They have done well, don’t you think?”
“Yes, indeed,” Kiya was impressed by their skill. The little boats were not easy to handle.
“You must eat some breakfast and then we will embark.” Ana led the way to the fire where bread was keeping warm beside the embers. She offered dried, salted fish to eat with the bread but Kiya declined. She was not fond of fish, especially at the start of the day.
“Is there enough room in the feluccas for us all?” she asked.
Ana shook her head. “We will be four to a boat so there will be just twelve people in our party. The others will stay here in camp to look after the horses until our return.”
Kiya nodded. There must be about thirty soldiers in the camp, which meant that many more would be staying than going. “I am grateful you are taking me with you,” she said, “especially as it means the loss of one of your soldiers.”
Ana smiled. “It is my pleasure, I enjoy female company. Don’t look so worried. Nothing will happen between us if you do not wish it.” She laughed, enjoying Kiya’s nervousness.
The feluccas were soon loaded with provisions, including fishing nets. Kiya waited while Ana gave a speech to the gathered soldiers then she, Ana, Yidini and a soldier trained to sail got into the first felucca. They headed up-river and Kiya looked round to see that the two other boats followed close behind.
It did not take long before a roaring noise could be heard and they rounded a bend to see the churning, white waters and black rocks of the first cataract.

Chapter One Hundred and Thirteen: Disaster
Kiya was awed. She had heard of the cataracts, the impassable torrents that separated the valley from the outside world, but she had never seen one before and was astonished by the power of the crashing waves.
“We can never sail through that!” she cried.
“This is where our plan is tested,” said Ana. She directed the felucca to the shore and the four of them disembarked and pulled the boat out of the water.
There was a sandy path running around the rapids. All four of them took hold of the rope attached to the front of the felucca and pulled it along the path. It was heavy work and Kiya was conscious of the fact that, despite her efforts, she was the weakest of the team.
Beyond the cataract was calmer water. The felucca was refloated and the journey continued. Kiya looked behind and saw that the other two boats had also managed to circumvent the rapids and were following closely.
The valley was becoming narrower. There was no longer verdant land on either side of the river, but scrub flanked by looming cliffs. Not only the landscape but also the nature of the river had changed, its agitated water seemed less peaceful and friendly. Kiya felt that she was already in a foreign country.
Ana announced that it was time for lunch and Yidini handed around bread, dates and cheese. They all drank from a communal jar of beer.
“We should have provisions enough to last the journey,” said Ana, indicating the sacks, barrels and chests piled in the boat, “We also have mirrors, beads and other trinkets with which to bribe the natives into giving us hospitality. This expedition is important to me, upon its success rests my reputation as a suitable future queen.”
The afternoon passed slowly. Yidini cast a fishing line over the side of the boat. He caught one small fish, which he battered to death and which lay in the bottom of the boat staring up with a reproachful eye.
Ahead of them, Kiya heard the distant roar of a second cataract. As they drew near she saw that it was more imposing than the first. Some of the rocks embedded within the maelstrom were large enough to form islands topped with vegetation.
Once more the felucca was beached upon the shore but this time it was more difficult to negotiate the way around. The ground was steeper and the path along which they had to drag the boat was a mere goat track.
Kiya looked more closely at the huge, flat-topped boulders of granite, which rose from the foaming waters. Through a veil of spray she could see that some of the stunted, twisted trees that grew upon them were of unknown species. She supposed they must have developed from seeds washed down from Nubia.
“Pull harder, Kiya,” shouted Ana and Kiya concentrated on the task of hauling the boat over the ruts and rocks of the path. At one point the track narrowed so much that the boat was in danger of toppling into the river. Yidini and his soldier manhandled the boat itself and left Ana and Kiya to pull upon the rope.
It was exhausting work and by the time they had skirted the rapids Kiya felt as if she could drag the boat no further.
“We will launch the boat from here,” said Ana, who looked as worn out as Kiya felt. Yidini glanced back at the cataract and said something but Ana shook her head. “We have dragged this boat far enough.”
Behind them the other two boats caught up and their crews stood waiting while Ana’s boat was pushed into the water and Kiya and the others scrambled aboard. The sail was unfurled and the boat sped across the water away from the cataract.
Kiya looked behind and saw that the other two boats had followed and all were sailing up river angled to the wind. She lay back and relaxed, hoping that her tired muscles would have recovered by the time they arrived at the next obstacle.
When they reached the centre of the river, Kiya felt the boat beneath her judder to a halt as it was caught in a strong current. She sat up, a presentiment of disaster clutching at her. The boat’s straining sail was unable to counteract the force of the water and she felt the boat being drawn downstream.
She turned to shout to the others to head back to shore but she saw that both the other boats were also in difficulty. Helplessly all three were swept towards the sharp rocks and boiling waters of the cataract.
The last boat of the little fleet was the first to hit the rocks. Kiya heard screams as it toppled over, shredding into splintered wood and hurling men into the water.
The next boat was swept around an island and out of sight.
Kiya clung desperately to the side of her felucca as they were the last boat to hit the turbulence. Spray blinded her and she closed her eyes. The sound of swirling, crashing water filled her ears and the boat was tossed from side to side like a piece of flotsam. She felt a jolt and opened her eyes.
The felucca had hit an island. The soldier in charge of the doomed craft was holding on to the branch of a tree, which was growing down close to the water. With desperate strength he was trying to prevent the boat being swept away.
“Quick, get ashore,” Ana called out. Yidini helped her out, then followed, leaving Kiya to grab her spear and scramble ashore on her own.
The old soldier flung himself onto the rock and held out a hand to the man in the boat. The man struggled to grasp the reaching hand but he failed and seconds later gave a cry of despair as the boat was swept away with him in it. Yidini knelt on the ground and buried his face in his hands.
“He prays to the gods that his men might be safe,” Ana said.
Kiya stared down the river where the last of the soldiers had disappeared and joined her prayers to those of Yidini.
“Do you think there is any hope?” she asked Ana, and felt tears prickle in her eyes at the cruel waste of so many young lives.
Ana shook her head. “Most Cretans can swim so there is a chance that some might survive, but I doubt it. The waters of the cataract will pound their bodies to pulp.”
“Are you not sad to lose your men?” asked Kiya, astounded by the Princess’s calm acceptance of the tragedy.
Ana shrugged. “Indeed, it is unfortunate, but we will soon be joining them in the afterlife for I can see no way off this island.”
Kiya looked around and saw that they were trapped. On either side of the island the roaring waters formed an impenetrable barrier to the shore. There were some trees, clinging with shallow roots to their precarious perch, but they bore no fruit that might sustain life.
“Perhaps we could catch fish?” she suggested.
“What fish could live in such waters?” said Ana. “Our only hope is that some of our soldiers might survive the disaster and bring help. Although how anyone could reach us in the centre of a cataract is another problem.”
Yidini said something and drew his sword.
“He accuses you of bringing bad luck on the expedition,” said Ana. Kiya stared in fear at the angry soldier. Ana laughed. “He also intends to cut branches to make a bed for us to sleep on.”
Kiya watched the old soldier hack at the trees and was grateful it was not her neck he was after. As soon as there were branches enough on the ground they lay down. Kiya would rather have lain on bare rock than on such a prickly and uneven bed but the exhaustion of the journey overcame her and she slept.

Chapter One Hundred and Fourteen: A Strange Craft
Kiya woke at dawn to see an enormous crocodile lying on the island. It was so close that its head nearly rested upon her feet. She sat up in shock, but the scent of water lilies filled her nostrils and she knew it was Sobek.
He raised his head, when he saw that she had woken. “What a stupid blunder you have made. I expected you to be half way to Nubia by now, but here you are, stuck in the second cataract.”
“Many men have died,” she said.
“I know.” He smacked his lips with horrid satisfaction.
Kiya heard a movement behind her and she turned to see Yidini standing on the bed of branches with his sword drawn. “Stop,” she shouted. “This is no crocodile. He is the god Sobek.” Yidini hesitated and Kiya turned back to the animal. “Quick,” she said. “Change your appearance, the Cretans have star-metal weapons that can pierce even your thick hide.”
With a sigh, Sobek morphed into the god. His body shrank and changed into that of a muscular young man, but his head remained that of a crocodile, ugly and too large for the body that supported it.
Yidini gave a cry of amazement, which was so loud that it woke Ana. She screamed when she saw the immortal and cried out in Cretan. Yidini once more tensed, ready to do battle to protect his mistress.
“Stop, don’t hurt him,” shouted Kiya. “This is Sobek, He sent me on this mission and is here to help us.” She turned to Sobek. “I presume that is why you are here?”
“I suppose so,” sighed Sobek. “You certainly won’t get very far without me.”
Ana had quickly recovered her composure. “Can he get us to the shore?” she asked.
“I am hoping he can do more than that,” said Kiya. “Without a boat we can go no further. If he wants my mission to continue he will have to give us a lift all the way to Nubia.”
“How?” asked Ana.
“Upon his back.”
Ana looked at Sobek doubtfully than gave another scream as the god morphed into a giant crocodile.
“Hurry up and get on board,” said the crocodile.
Ana was the first to mount the broad back. Yidini tried to protest but Ana ordered him to take his place behind her. Kiya picked up her spear and climbed up last. “We are ready to go,” she called to the crocodile.
“Hold on tight.”
Kiya crouched down and clung to the scaly ridges that ran down either side of Sobek's back. Without their support, the rocking movement of Sobek’s body as he climbed down into the water would have dislodged her. For a moment she was blinded by spray and then she opened her eyes to see that all of them had managed to maintain their positions on the enormous beast.
They were soon through the rapids and onto a calm stretch of the river. Sobek swam with wide strokes of his muscular tail and they sped through the water faster than even a felucca with the wind behind it.
“This is wonderful,” said Ana. She stood on Sobek’s shoulders, looking like a goddess herself in her short Cretan tunic and leather chest armour. Yidini sat behind her, nervous of this strange method of travel.
The river looped west and then south again. They were no longer in a valley. On either side of them stretched the desert, a parched contrast to their watery highway. It was hot in the sun and they splashed water over themselves to keep cool. Ana scooped some from the river and drank it.
“Don’t drink water from the Nile,” cried Kiya. “It will make you ill.”
“Not here,” said Ana, “for there are no people to pollute it.”
Because of her thirst, Kiya drank the water and it tasted pure.
Another cataract lay ahead of them. They were now confident riders on Sobek's back and surmounted the churning waters without difficulty.
The river looped east and there was another cataract before they reached open savannah. The three of them gazed at the endless grassland in disbelief. “I have never seen such a wonder,” said Ana.
“There are so many trees,” gasped Kiya, for the land was dotted with groves of fine mature trees, enough to make all the roof beams and ships Egypt would ever want.
Groups of grey boulders stood among the grass. One of them raised a head and Kiya realised that it was an animal. It bellowed, lifting its trunk and exposing long, curved tusks on either side of its head.
“Ivory,” breathed Ana. “You can let me off here, Sobek.” But the crocodile seemed not to hear her and continued to swim.
After another cataract, the river became more crowded. They saw several villages of reed huts. As they went by, people ran from their huts and prostrated themselves on the ground, worshipping the giant crocodile. After they had passed, Kiya looked back to see them pointing in wonder at the three humans riding Sobek’s back.
They approached one village and saw an old woman being helped into the water by a man who could have been her son. Kiya was shocked and expected her to struggle but she stood and held out her arms to Sobek as if beseeching him to eat her. Sobek ignored her plea and swam on.
Soon there were no more villages. Far ahead of them, across the grassland, was a barrier of stone cliffs. Beyond and above the barrier a whirlpool of clouds, swirled ominous and black against the blue sky.
“That is my destination,” said Kiya.
“We would never have reached this far with the feluccas,” said Ana.
Sobek was swimming more slowly and Kiya realized that he must be tiring.
Ahead of them the Nile broadened into a lake. The area around was beautiful, with sandy beaches, green grass and silver acacia groves. Sobek climbed onto a beach.
“This is as far as I go,” he said. “You can make your own way to the cliffs from here.”
He laid his belly on the ground so they could slide from his back.
Kiya climbed down first and asked, “What should we do for food?”
“There are plenty of fish here,” said Sobek. “Personally I am going back to the villages. They say that a person’s soul is reunited with their ancestors if a crocodile eats them.”
“That is nonsense,” said Ana, who had climbed down with Yidini and now stood beside Kiya.
Sobek licked his lips, “Who am I to deny such a belief?”
“Don’t leave us here, we still need your help,” cried Kiya. But Sobek turned, slid into the water and was gone.

Chapter One Hundred and Fifteen: The Devourer
“I am in awe,” said Ana as she watched the ripples of Sobek’s departure. “I had thought your mission a mere fantasy, Kiya, but now I know you truly walk with gods.”
Yidini bowed and said something. “He wants to apologise for doubting you,” said Ana. She looked at the darkening sky. “It is getting late,” she said. “Lend your spear to Yidini so he can catch us fish while you and I make a fire.”
Kiya handed over her spear then gathered firewood with Ana. They made a pile of dry grass, then Ana took two stones from her belt purse and struck them together. Sparks fell upon the grass and after a few tries they caught alight and flames started to flicker. Kiya carefully added sticks to the fire and soon she could feel the warmth.
Yidini was standing in the river with the spear poised. Above him white-headed fish eagles wheeled. One dived and came up with a fine, fat fish. Kiya was about to remark that the bird was a better at fishing than the soldier when Yidini stabbed down and held up a fish pierced through the body by the spear.
“This will be our farewell feast,” said Ana. “Tomorrow, Yidini and I will go back north to the grassland to make an ivory treaty. I assume you are going to head south to see your father. Those strange clouds we saw must have something to do with him.”
Kiya was dismayed. She had assumed that Ana and Yidini would remain with her on the mission. But why should she think that friendship alone would bind them to such a task? For Ana the needs of Crete would always come before all else. She hid her disappointment with an effort. “Thank you for being with me this far,” she said.
Kiya, Ana and Yidini spent the night sleeping on the grass beside a grove of acacia trees. When Kiya awoke the next morning she was disconcerted to find that she could not move. She tried to sit up and found that she was held to the ground by a net.
The horrid scent of rotting straw assailed her nostrils and a pair of strong arms rolled her over so she was completely encased in the mesh. Terrified, she screamed for help. She felt herself being dragged across the ground and screamed again. There was a pause. She struggled to free herself but, before she could do so, she was hauled into the air, where she dangled, swinging gently within the net.
“Let me go,” she shouted and wondered why Ana and Yidini had made no attempt to rescue her.
The net spun slowly round and she was able to adjust her position so she could see the world more clearly. Ana and Yidini had also been captured and were hanging in nets suspended from the acacia trees.
“How are you, Kiya?” called Ana.
“I have not been wounded,” said Kiya. “But I am helpless.”
“We have been foolish to be so easily captured,” said Ana. “Yidini should have kept watch.”
“Who has imprisoned us?” asked Kiya.
“I do not know. But I am sure their intentions are not good. Yidini seems to have been hurt for he has made neither sound nor movement.”
At that moment the soldier groaned and then started to struggle.
“I see that you are all awake.” The strange voice drew their attention away from Yidini. Kiya turned her head and saw a man. He sat upon another man, who was kneeling on all fours beneath him. The man who formed a seat was naked but the one who addressed them had a crown of grass upon his head and an animal skin wrapped around his waist. “Welcome to my kingdom,” he said.
“Who are you?” asked Ana.
“I am The Devourer. These are my two brothers Seize and Bind.” He indicated the man beneath him and beckoned to another who was on guard. Kiya once more smelled the odour of decaying straw as he passed by her and took his position kneeling at his brother’s side.
“How is it that you speak Egyptian?” asked Kiya.
“Because we are Egyptian gods,” said The Devourer.
Kiya raised her head and breathed deeply of the unpleasant odours of the three men. The scent of stale fish and foetid mud made her shudder. There was something very wrong with the kas of these three. “You are not gods,” she said. “You are monsters and belong in the Molloch mine.”
The Devourer leapt to his feet. “Never dare say that again!” he shouted. “We escaped from that hideous place many years ago. I was like my brothers then – incapable of thought. We roamed the forest aimlessly and would have died of hunger but we came upon a boy and killed and ate him.”
“Fiends,” said Kiya.
The Devourer ignored the insult and sat once more upon Seize. “My brothers ate the flesh but I was fortunate enough to eat the brain. It was soft and delicious and I absorbed not just nutrients but also the ability to think. Using my new-found intelligence I was able to direct my brothers to make weapons and traps. We fed well on wildlife but I realised that my mind was gradually losing its acumen. So I led my brothers down from the plateau onto the grassland where we could find more people and I could feed on more brains.”
“Is that why you have captured us?” said Ana. “To feed on our brains?”
“And to enjoy your company,” said the Devourer. “My brothers have little conversation and life, for someone as intelligent as I, becomes boring.”
“Why don’t you let them eat brains and become intelligent too?” asked Kiya.
The Devourer smiled. “I prefer them to do my bidding,” he said. “We have killed many humans since we came to live in the grasslands. I let them eat the liver to become strong and the heart to make them brave, but only I can eat the brain.” He licked his lips. “Talking of such things makes me hungry. I will start by eating the brain of the man.”
He stood up and pointed at the net that contained Yidini. “Fetch!” he said.
His brothers leapt to their feet and ran to the tree. One picked up a rope, which they wound around the struggling Yidini so that his arms were pinioned to his sides. Then they untied the net from the tree and dragged the unfortunate soldier to The Devourer.
“No, have mercy!” he shouted.
“Let him go!” yelled Kiya.
The noise of their cries reverberated through the trees and sent birds whirling into the air in startled flight. The Devourer took no notice of his victim’s distress. He carefully unravelled the net so Yidini’s head was exposed.
“I have discovered that a living brain gives my intelligence a greater boost than a dead brain,” he said and picked up a small axe. “I regret that my victims find the process painful but, after I have eaten a few spoonfuls, they stop screaming.”
Yidini struggled and begged for mercy, but he was held fast by a brother on either side. Kiya watched The Devourer angle the axe to make a sideways stroke across the top of the soldier’s skull, then she closed her eyes and held her breath, horrified by the terrible fate that awaited him.

Chapter One Hundred and Sixteen: Ogjeno
Although Kiya closed her eyes she could not close her ears to the screams of Yidini and the shouts of Ana. She felt the tension build unbearably, then there was a twanging sound followed by silence.
Kiya opened her eyes slowly, dreading what she might see. To her astonishment Yidini was unharmed and staring up at an arrow embedded in The Devourer’s neck. The monster’s eyes grew round and his mouth gaped open releasing a rattling noise. He still held the axe high and it seemed that even at the moment of his demise he was going to strike, but his eyes glazed over and he slumped sideways letting the axe fall to the ground.
With heartbroken moans and wails the two brothers let go of Yidini and knelt beside The Devourer’s body.
“Release us,” Kiya shouted to them, but they took no notice and continued to sob and wail over the corpse.
“I will release you.” A young man, carrying a bow and with a sheaf of arrows on his back emerged from behind a tree. He walked over to Yidini, who sat motionless in his mesh prison, still wide-eyed with shock. The stranger pulled a machete from his belt, cut the ropes that bound the soldier and helped him climb from the net. Yidini embraced him and then, on shaking legs, hurried to set Ana free.
The man came towards Kiya and she saw that he was tall and slim, with a smooth ebony skin that reminded her of Eopei. He grinned and his teeth shone white and even against the darkness of his face.
“What have we here?” he said. “An Egyptian beauty trussed up like a mummy?”
“And begging for your help,” she said.
He cut the rope that held Kiya’s net and gently lowered it to the ground. Then he pulled it open so Kiya could climb out. Her limbs were cramped and stiff and he had to help her emerge from the netting.
“Thank you,” she said. “And thank you for saving Yidini from a hideous death.”
“I was pleased to administer justice to that creature. He has killed many from my tribe.”
Kiya looked beyond him to where Seize and Bind were still weeping over the corpse of The Devourer. “Will his brothers not attack us?” she asked.
The man shook his head. “Without The Devourer to direct them they are harmless.”
Yidini had released Ana and now knelt before the Princess his head bowed and his hand on his heart. He muttered a few words and Ana replied kindly. She then turned to the young Nubian who had saved them. “We owe you our gratitude, young man. When I am able to do so, I will ensure that you are well rewarded.”
The man smiled. “It is fortunate that I was here. Few visit this place, despite its beauty. I must ask what you three are doing in my country. I hope your intentions are friendly.”
“We are on a trade mission,” said Ana. She indicated Kiya. “And my friend, Kiya, wishes to visit her father on the plateau.”
“That is interesting,” said the man. “I am going to the plateau myself - for my initiation test. I must bring back a metal feather to prove that I am worthy to follow my father as leader of my tribe.”
“I have never heard of metal feathers,” said Kiya.
“They can be found on the floor of the forest, but they are rare. I may have to spend months looking. The test is as much about survival in a dangerous situation as it is about the feathers.”
“You are to be leader of your tribe?” said Ana. “You are just the person I am looking for. I am Princess Ana, one day I will be Queen of Crete and to prove my worth I need to find a source of ivory.”
“My name is Ogjeno, I can provide you with all the ivory you need. But first you must help me pass my initiation test.”
“You want us to go up there with you?” asked Ana, pointing to the swirling clouds that hung above the distant cliffs.
“That is correct. Four of us can find a feather quicker than one.”
“Is that not cheating?” asked Kiya.
The young man grinned. “Not at all. It merely shows initiative.”
He walked towards the mourning brothers. They looked up as he approached and cringed away in fear. Kiya felt sorry for their distress, they were as bewildered as lost children. Ogjeno stooped to pick up the spear, which was lying close to their feet.
“Does this weapon belong to you?” he asked Ana.
“No, it is mine,” said Kiya and saw with dismay that the shaft had snapped in two.
“Don’t look so worried,” said Ana. “It is now a javelin. It may not be so good at catching fish but at least it will be easier to carry.” She took the weapon from Ogjeno and showed Kiya how to tuck it into the back of her belt.
“If everyone has recovered, we must be on our way,” said Ogjeno and set off along the path beside the lake.
Yidini said something and Ana nodded.
“What did he say?” asked Kiya.
“He asked my permission to deal with the problem of the two remaining brothers,” said Ana.
“You mean he wants to kill them?” Kiya was shocked. “Surely they were only acting under the orders of their brother. Can we not let them live?”
Ana frowned. “Your sentimentality is a weakness.”
Kiya shrank from involvement in such a deed and hurried to catch up with Ogjeno, who was already some distance away.
“How is it that you speak Egyptian?” she asked as she joined the Nubian.
“When I was a child, my father was an ambassador in Thebes. We lived on the East bank near the King’s palace.”
“I come from Thebes,” said Kiya. She longed to tell him about Eopei, but the terrible ending of their friendship stilled her tongue.
Ogjeno smiled. “It is a beautiful city, but we were not there long. When my grandfather died my father became the next tribal chief and we returned to Nubia.”
“I am glad you still remember the language,” said Kiya.
“It is a delight to practice my old skills.”
There was the sound of hurrying footsteps behind them and they turned to see Yidini and Ana rushing to catch up. The soldier’s sword was stained with blood and, as he wiped it clean, Kiya shivered at fate of the mindless brothers.
“We must follow the river to the plateau,” said Ogjeno and quickened his pace to a loping stride. There was no more talk as Kiya concentrated on trying to keep up with him. As they drew nearer the cliffs Kiya could see that the wall of rock rose vertically from the grassy plain. It was as if a giant had pushed the plateau up from the depths. Ogjeno stopped to allow the others to catch up. He was breathing easily but Kiya’s heart was pounding.
“How can we climb those cliffs?” she gasped
Ogjeno pointed to a vertical split in the rock face. “The river emerges from the base of that gorge. My ancestors carved a pathway up the sides so they could reach the many medicinal plants that grow in the rain forest at the top.”

Chapter One Hundred and Seventeen: The Gorge of the Inkanyamba
They reached the cliffs at mid day and rested beside the river, where it emerged from the gorge in a frothing cascade. Ogjeno took a cup from his belt, dipped it in the water and drank. He passed the cup to Kiya, who followed his example and then passed the cup to Ana.
“Have you brought food?” asked Ogjeno.
“No,” Kiya shook her head.
Ogjeno opened a pouch he wore around his waist and brought out some biscuits and strips of dried meat. “You are welcome to share mine,” he said.
“We are grateful,” said Ana. She took a biscuit and tried to bite into it.
Ogjeno laughed. “You will beak your teeth, Princess. The biscuit needs to be soaked.”
Kiya bit into the meat but found it as tough as salty leather. Hunger made her persevere and with much chewing and soaking of biscuits she managed to make a satisfactory lunch.
“The hard part of the journey lies ahead of us,” said Ogjeno. “Once we are in the gorge we must move silently and without talking.”
“Why?” asked Ana.
“There is something in the water we do not want to alert to our presence,” said Ogjeno. Kiya wanted to ask what that creature might be but Ogjeno was busy giving instructions. “Inside the gorge there is a strip of sand along this side of the river. We must walk along it to where the pathway up the cliff face begins. It little more than a narrow ledge - very steep and uneven. You will have to climb sideways with your backs to the wall for support.”
Kiya opened her mouth to ask more questions, but Ana rose to her feet and said, “Let’s go.”
They followed the young man into the shadow of the gorge. Kiya was aware of the hidden creature in the river and she walked beside the water scarcely daring to breathe. The ledge up which they had to climb had been roughly hacked from the rock and sloped at a sharp angle. Ogjeno started upwards without hesitation, his back to the wall and feeling carefully with his feet before each step. Ana went next, and then Yidini. Kiya paused, nervous of the dangerous-looking ascent. Something stirred beneath the surface of the river and she hurriedly followed her companions.
She copied Ogjeno’s example and shuffled sideways, bringing one foot up to the other and leaning against the rock. Even Kiya’s small feet were too long for the width of the ledge. There was nothing to hold on to if one should lose balance and she felt giddy with anxiety. The others showed no sign of fear and soon Kiya struggled to keep up with them. They were climbing higher and, when Kiya looked down to the river below, she saw a giant shadow moving under the water. Frightened, she quickened her pace and caught up with her companions.
The ledge came to an end half way up the wall of the gorge and was connected by a flimsy-looking bridge to a pathway that continued up the opposite side.
“We must cross here,” said Ogjeno, pointing to the fragile construction of slats and rope, which stretched across the chasm.
Kiya watched Ogjeno step onto the bridge, and heard it groan as it shifted beneath his weight. He kept his balance by holding onto two ropes that ran at waist height on either side. When he was safely on the other side Ana followed, then Yidini and then it was Kiya’s turn. She hesitated. She had not realised before how frightened she was of heights. Her head was spinning and her knees felt like water.
“Hurry up, Kiya,” said Ana.
Kiya braced herself and stepped onto the bridge. The slats beneath her feet bounced and swayed. She forced herself to walk forwards, fearing that at any moment the slats would collapse and send her hurtling into the abyss. She clung to the hand ropes and dreaded losing her balance on her wobbling legs. Thoughts of the creature lurking in the water below made her blood run cold and she almost froze in her fear. Only the critical eyes of her watching friends made her continue to place one foot in front of the other until she managed to join them.
“Well done,” said Ana.
They continued their careful progress up the rock-ledge until, at last, they reached the top of the cliff. Kiya joined the others who were lying flat on their backs on the grass. “I never want to do that again,” she said and lay down beside Ana.
Ogjeno laughed. “You will have to,” he said, “for there is no other way off the plateau.”
Kiya felt the sun on her face and gradually her tense muscles relaxed. The thought of facing that journey again was not a pleasant one, but she had survived it once.
“I thought I saw something in the water as we crossed the bridge,” said Ana.
“Me too,” said Kiya.
“Ah, yes. It was important to pass it quietly,” said Ogjeno. “It is a inkanyamba, a huge water monster with many heads. It rarely attacks those on land as it prefers to eat water creatures or those who fall in the river.”
“I am sure Yidini would have protected us,” said Ana.
“You cannot fight it,” said Ogjeno. “If you cut a head off it will swim by the stump of its neck and continue to attack. The inkanyamba will swiftly grow a new head so nothing will be gained and one monster will become many.”
Ana and Kiya sat up, their tiredness forgotten. “Why did you not tell us about the monster earlier?” demanded Ana.
Ogjeno grinned. “You might have refused to accompany me. What does it matter? As long as we did not fall from the ledge we were safe.”
Ana looked displeased but said nothing.
Kiya stared at the thick forest that surrounded them. “This is like another world,” she said. “How can one get through such a tangle?”
“There are paths,” said Ogjeno. “But they become overgrown and it is easy to get lost. If you have recovered from your climb, I suggest we make a start.”
As she followed Ogjeno towards the trees, Kiya could see the extraordinary amount of vegetation growing in the forest. Branches were covered in vines which looped like snakes. Lichens and mosses grew in abundance and plants had established themselves upon the trees and bushes as though they grew on soil. The verdant wall looked impenetrable.
“The path should start here,” said Ogjeno. He peered into the undergrowth. “I think this is it.” He took a machete from his belt and started to hack at the greenery.
This is going to take a long time, thought Kiya but, when Ogjeno cleared the entrance, she saw that the path was clearly visible, stretching into the darkness of the forest.

Chapter One hundred and eighteen: A Walk Through the Forest
“Keep close to me,” said Ogjeno. He led the way, pausing occasionally to cut at tangled, thorny branches that blocked the path. “Plants grow quickly here. It is one of the duties of those who enter the forest to keep the path clear.”
Yidini tried to help, but the slender blade of his sword slipped dangerously on the branches.
“Stop!” cried Ogjeno, “I will lend you my machete.”
He handed the heavy, curved-edged knife to Yidini, who slashed at the undergrowth with surprising skill.
As the journey progressed, Kiya looked around in wonder at the jungle. The canopy of branches overhead was so thick that the sun only penetrated in thin shafts. Sometimes a ray of sunlight lit upon an orchid or fern that made her catch her breath at its beauty.
There were constant sounds of rustling and twittering but living creatures remained hidden. Occasionally Kiya heard a distant howl or the sound of heavy body crashing away through the undergrowth. Animals or monsters? She shivered at the thought of what beings might be watching them from the darkness.
Yidini said something. “Yidini is thirsty,” said Ana. “Indeed, I too would like a drink. Alas we have no water containers, we lost all our equipment in the boat wreck.”
“I will show you how to find water,” said Ogjeno. He stopped at a tree upon which grew many plants with tight spirals of large, green leaves. Ogjeno carefully cut down one of these plants and handed it to Ana. “There is a tiny pool of water enclosed within the leaves,” he said.
Ana was about to drink, but he stopped her and plucked a hollow grass stem. “Use this as a straw,” he said. “There are often little fogs in the water that you would not wish to swallow.”
Kiya was less than enthusiastic about drinking frog water but she was thirsty and accepted gratefully another plant that Ogjeno offered her.
It was difficult to calculate the passage of time without sight of the sun, but Kiya began to feel tired and hungry and was pleased when Ogjeno announced that it was time to prepare for the night.
“We must not sleep on the ground,” said Ogjeno, “Huge spotted cats and laughing dogs come out at night to seek their prey. We must make a sleeping platform as high in a tree as we can.” He pointed to a tree with wide, spreading limbs. “This will do.”
He cut three thick branches from neighbouring trees and, with Yidini’s help, wedged them across two of the limbs to form the basis of the platform. “Now, fill in the gaps with smaller branches and stems. Avoid anything prickly. I will go to find us some food.”
Kiya and Ana climbed the tree, while Yidini supplied them with foliage. They wedged larger twigs across the branches and wove in vines to keep them firm. By the time Ogjeno returned with a full food bag the platform had taken shape.
“You have done well,” he said. “I suggest we retire up there now, it will not be long before the night creatures emerge.”
Kiya climbed the tree and the others followed. When they were all on the platform, Kiya realised that, despite all their hard work, it was scarcely large enough. They sat squashed together and watched Ogjeno open his bag and take out some strange, lumpy fruits.
“Is that all there is for our supper?” said Ana.
“You will find them filling enough,” said Ogjeno. He cut them into sections and handed them round.
Kiya tasted hers. It was not unpleasant and had a thick bready texture, which eased her hunger. “Thank you,” she said.
The Nubian smiled at her. “It is a pleasure to be of service to you, Kiya.”
“Without your help we would never have managed to come so far,” she said.
“I hope it was a fortunate meeting for us all.” He turned to the others. “We must get some sleep. I suggest the women lie in the centre of the platform, while Yidini and I lie on the edges.”
Yidini shook his head and said something.
“Yidini says he will not sleep,” said Ana. “He will stay on guard all night long.”
“Good man,” said Ogjeno.
“He has not forgiven himself for allowing our capture by The Devourer,” said Ana.
Kiya spent an uncomfortable night crushed between Ana and Ogjeno. She slept fitfully, waking at every noise and staring into the night, wondering what strange creatures might be prowling close by. She woke at first light and found the others already sitting up and sharing the remains of last night’s meal.
Yidini said something with great earnestness and Ana bowed in acknowledgement. “He stayed awake all night,” she said.
“I was awake most of the night,” said Kiya. “But it was due to the discomfort of this platform.”
Ana laughed and handed her a piece of fruit. “Some watches are easier to keep than others.”
Kiya glanced at the soldier and saw that, although he could not speak Egyptian, he must understand some of what was being said for he looked mortified. She smiled at him, but he turned away without responding.
Ogjeno climbed higher up the tree and called down to them, “The mine you search for is over there. It is easy to see, for above it circle all the rain clouds of Nubia.”
“Are we looking for Kiya’s mine?” said Ana with a frown. “I thought we had come to find metal feathers.”
“The nearer the mine, the more likely we are to find feathers,” said Ogjeno. “But it is a place of terror. No man has ever seen inside.”
They climbed down from the tree and headed in the direction indicated by Ogjeno.
The density of the forest kept the mine hidden but Kiya could smell the monsters. Hideous scents of decay and acidity wafted through the trees.
“Can you smell those disgusting scents,” she asked the others. But they shook their heads, unable to detect the kas of the immortals.
At last they reached their destination and peered out from the cover of the forest. Kiya saw a huge hill of earth in front of her. No trees grew upon the sides, but the undergrowth had started to encroach upon the lower slopes. A few straggly bushes grew higher up and some had even reached the top.
The hill was lit by an eerie, flickering light as thick clouds circled above it. As fast as new clouds were being sucked into the aerial whirlpool, a river of cloud streamed away in a southerly direction, taking water away from Egypt. Kiya looked at the swirling vortex, which had its epicentre above the mine. The controller of the winds was there, deep in the heart of the hill.
“I must speak to him,” she cried.
“To whom?” asked Ogjeno.
“She thinks her father is within that mountain of earth,” said Ana.
“Is she mad?” said Ogjeno. “No man could live in such a place.”
“He is there, I know it,” said Kiya and started to run towards the hill.
“Stop, Kiya!” cried Ogjeno. “Come back. It is too dangerous!”

Chapter One hundred and nineteen: Seth
Kiya ignored Ogjeno’s plea for her to return and scrambled up the slope, her feet slipping on the loose surface. The sparse vegetation stabilised her ascent and, when she reached the top, she hid behind a bush and peered through its branches at a horrid scene.
Before her was a deep, flat-bottomed pit. Kiya realised that the hill which surrounded it, and up which she had climbed, was nothing more than a gigantic spoil tip. She gazed down to where a hoard of creatures laboured beneath the flickering shadows of the circling clouds.
Red fires glowed beneath the many furnaces on the pit floor, Each was a centre of activity as chippings were poured in at the top and logs pushed into the fires at the base. Kiya stared at the toiling masses that surrounded the furnaces. Never had she seen such beings. Many were hideous parodies of men or showed their animal essences in wings and hooves and horns. More monsters worked around the edges of the pit, using hammers and chisels to dig into the walls. Others smashed at the rocks with mallets, or gathered the broken rocks into baskets and carried them to the furnaces.
Kiya’s eyes were drawn to her father, who sat in the centre of the mine on a mighty throne. He was in the guise of a young man but had grown to huge proportions. He sat hunched and brooding, a frown upon his face. Beside him stood a horned creature with a huge body borne on stocky legs. His eyes were glowering, his ears tiny, his nose broad and his mouth? Kiya blinked at the horrid sight, for where his mouth should be was an empty expanse of bristly skin. She stared at a gaping hole in his chest and saw that it had lips and, when it gaped open, teeth and a tongue. She knew she was looking at Molloch, the master of the mine. Bes completed the triumvirate and Kiya felt contempt for the dwarf, who capered like a baboon in his attempts to curry favour with the two lords of the pit.
Molloch shouted something and Kiya looked in the direction he was staring to see that a goblin had laid down its hammer and chisel. The unfortunate creature rose to its feet, clutched its hands to its back and turned away from the hole it had been digging. Molloch shouted at it again and the goblin tried to run away, its huge feet flapping like flat-fish. With a few strides Molloch caught it. He rested a hand upon its shoulder and the goblin screamed. It was the merest touch but even from this distance Kiya could see the victim’s agony. The smell of singeing flash wafted into her nostrils and she realised that Molloch had the power to raise his body heat enough to burn others.
Kiya remembered Anubis telling her that the immortals had mercy on their monstrous kin by allowing them to work in the mine. Surely this suffering was not what they had in mind? The unfortunate monsters may be without human intelligence, but they deserved to be treated with kindness.
In her distress at the goblin’s suffering she had forgotten to remain concealed. She heard a cry and saw Bes, point in her direction. Seth raised his head and stared at her. With a roar he rose from his throne and started to expand. Larger and larger he grew until his head was level with hers. He had become almost transparent and Kiya could see the other side of the pit through his glowering features.
“How dare you, venture into my headquarters!” he snarled and the wind from his mouth was like a hurricane.
“I have come to beg you to stop,” Kiya said. She felt her knees tremble and forced herself to stand upright and confront him bravely.
The clouds above Seth’s head ceased their whirling and began to condense into a towering thundercloud.
“You, of all people!” He gave an angry laugh. “You, my hated daughter, who gave birth to that miracle child. How I have been punished for my moment of passion with your mother.”
“Meri?” Kiya stared at the enormous face of her father in amazement. “What has your grandson got to do with this?”
“Grandson?” He spat out the words. “That child carries no blood of mine. No! And no blood of yours either, you stupid girl. He is not human, although he wears the shell of humanity. He has come into this world to thwart me. He gives bread to those who should be starving.”
Seth shook his fist at the sky. “You think you can intervene against me? You want to save the spawn of mankind who crawl over the earth polluting the waters and destroying the forests?”
Kiya realised he was not addressing her but was challenging the unknowable god. She stared at her father, half in awe of his magnificent defiance and half in dread of what he might do next.
“Love will not save them from their fate,” he snarled.
“What are you going to do?” she asked.
“I will release my monstrous hoard upon Egypt.”
“The way you treat them, those poor monsters will be happy to escape from the mine,” she said.
He frowned at her and lightning crackled in the clouds above his head. “In the caverns below this pit dwell monsters that are the stuff of your nightmares. You think you can sneer at me, daughter? You are destined for death along with the rest of Egypt.”
He gave summoning cry and the ground shook as a huge bird arose from the pit. As it soared into the air its feathers rattled together in a terrifying roaring noise. It had the head of an eagle and stared at Kiya with mad, angry eyes.
“Have mercy, Father,” screamed Kiya.
“Attack her!” commanded Seth.
Kiya flung herself down the slope in a cascade of falling sand. She felt the claws of the bird brush her shoulder as it tried to grab her. She hit a bush. The force of her fall uprooted it and she hurtled down the slope rolling over and over in an avalanche of debris. There was a whistling noise and she heard what sounded like knives hitting all around her. Then she stopped rolling, picked herself up and dived for the shelter of the forest.
She heard the roar of the bird and the sound of knives hissing through the leaves and thudding into branches.
“This way, Kiya!” came Ogjeno’s urgent voice. He hauled her behind the tree which sheltered him. Gasping for breath, she watched him fire arrow after arrow at the bird. Most bounced harmlessly off the shiny black feathers, but one penetrated below the bird’s eye and with a scream it flew back to the mine.
“We must flee,” cried Ana, who was standing behind a nearby tree. Yidini stood beside her, his sword drawn ready to do battle with any who might attack his mistress.
“Wait.” Ogjeno ran into the open and started gathering feathers from the ground.
“What are you doing?” screamed Ana.
“These are the metal feathers I have been searching for,” he said.
The earth shook again. Kiya looked towards the top of the hill and saw a huge winged snake fly upwards, shining red against the black clouds. Gouts of flame emerged from its mouth as it twisted this way and that, trying to locate them.
“Hurry!” she shouted as the snake veered round in Ogjeno’s direction.
He ran back to the tree, stuffing feathers into his waist pouch. “Never before has a warrior gathered such a hoard,” he said, his eyes shining.
There was a whoosh of flame and the forest around them caught fire.

Chapter One hundred and twenty: A Deadly Fight
“Run!” screamed Ana and they all fled, dodging the burning vegetation until they were in the undamaged forest. Desperate to get away from that dreadful hill, they ran on until their legs ached and their lungs were bursting.
Kiya was the first to tire. She slowed to a stop and bent over, gasping for breath and clutching her cramped chest. The others noticed her distress and also stopped.
“Are you wounded?” asked Ana.
“No, just winded.”
“Then hurry up, we must get away.”
“I cannot keep this pace up. Go without me.”
Yidini looked at his mistress, awaiting instructions, but she said nothing.
“We cannot leave one of our number,” said Ogjeno. “In my tribe this is not the custom.” He came to Kiya’s side and put an arm around her.
“Help her,” Ana commanded Yidini and he stepped forwards and supported Kiya on the other side.
They made slower progress and, when the path narrowed, Kiya thanked the two men and assured them that the cramp had gone and she no longer needed their help.
By now they had reached the thicker part of the jungle and night was falling. Nobody suggested that they should stop, for sleep had been banished on wings of terror. Kiya could smell the smoke of the burning forest behind them and in the distance she could hear the crashing of animals escaping the flames. Whether spotted dogs, huge cats or monsters she did not want to discover.
The others were tired now and their pace had been reduced to that of Ogjeno’s loping stride. They continued through the darkness and Kiya was grateful that the men had cleared the path on their outward journey for they were able to maintain a good speed and not get lost.
By dawn, Kiya was exhausted. Ahead of her Ogjeno stopped and held up his hand. Ana and Yidini stopped behind him and peered through the bushes. Kiya caught them up and discovered that they had reached the edge of the forest. Ahead of them was a stretch of grass and then the gorge.
“We must be sure that nothing lies in wait for us,” said Ogjeno.
Kiya stared up at the sky, but could see no sign of the fiery snake-dragon, not the bird with knife-like feathers.
“Quick,” said Ogjeno and started to run across the grass.
“Wait,” said Ana, grabbing Kiya’s arm. “Let’s see if anything gets him before we move.”
Ogjeno reached the edge of the gorge safely and so Ana, Yidini and Kiya ran to join him. Kiya looked over the edge. Far below them the river glinted and Kiya felt a moment’s vertigo.
“Here is the path,” said Ogjeno and started the descent. “The first few steps are the hardest as there is no cliff face to lean against. Be careful, do not fall in your haste.”
Kiya followed him and then Ana. Yidini brought up the rear with his sword drawn.
Kiya was still unsteady from the exertions of the escape. Her foot slipped and had it not been for Ana’s restraining arm, she might have fallen.
“Thank you, Ana,” she said.
“The brave should only die in battle,” replied Ana.
And such a battle could be all too soon, thought Kiya. She scanned the sky anxiously for any sign of the winged snake but it was not until they were on the bridge that it attacked again.
It came swooping down upon them, the span of the leathery wings so wide that they almost scraped the sides of the gorge. It opened its mouth to reveal huge pointed fangs and from its throat roared a spear of fire that ripped into the bridge behind them.
“Run!” yelled Ogjeno. The slats bounced and jolted beneath Kiya’s feet as she tried to follow him but she had scarcely gone three paces when the bridge collapsed. She grabbed at a rope but it whipped from her grasp and she briefly felt the sting of flames before she felt herself falling.
Below her she saw the plummeting bodies of Yidini and Ana. Above her she heard Ogjeno’s screams as he followed her down. “This is the end for us all,” she thought and then she hit the water with a jolting splash that knocked the breath out of her body.
The cold of the water brought her to her senses and she struggled upwards until her head broke the surface and she took in a gasping lungful of air. Then she was swept along, tumbled and rolled by the churning torrent, until the river slowed and became shallower. Kiya felt herself grabbed and was able to stand up, the water level to her waist. She tried to thank Ana, who had saved her, but coughed and choked and then nearly fell again as she was hit by the flailing body of Ogjeno. The Nubian managed to find his feet and stand beside the two woman. Kiya gazed at the sky, ready to duck below the water if there were any sign of the incendiary snake.
“Yidini!” screamed Ana.
Kiya looked downriver towards the mouth of the gorge and saw that a huge, multi-tentacled creature had risen from the water. It was confronting Yidini, the swollen tips of its tentacles curving in for the attack. The brave old soldier still had his sword in his hand and stood before it without flinching.
“The inkanyamba,” breathed Ogjeno. Kiya turned to him and saw that even his deep brown skin had paled.
Kiya looked again at the creature and saw that what she had thought were tentacles were many necks, each carrying a hideous head with a wide mouth. The head were focussed upon Yidini and they snarled in unison, revealing rows of teeth.
Yidini showed no sign of fear. He stepped forwards and lopped off one of the heads with his sword. Immediately the other heads swooped upon him and he was torn to pieces.
The creature busily fed upon the remains of Yidini. Even the severed head joined in the feast, wriggling like an eel as it burrowed into the torso of the corpse. Sickened, Kiya lifted her eyes to where some of the heads had stopped feeding and were raised to glare at her.
More heads turned in her direction as the monster became aware of new prey. The whole attention of the inkanyamba was now on Kiya and her companions. A score of mouths opened, drooling blood-stained saliva.
“There is no escape,” cried Ana, reaching for her sword as the heads drew back to attack.
Suddenly the inkanyamba’s many heads screamed in agony and the creature turned around. Something must be attacking it in the rear, thought Kiya. Now was the time to get past it.
“Follow me,” she yelled. She flung herself forwards and let the speed of the current carry her towards the monster. There was a fight going on. She felt herself buffeted by the writhing body of the inkanyamba. Then she was beyond it and managed to scramble onto the narrow sandbank at the mouth of the gorge.
An incredible sight met her eyes. Sobek, as a crocodile, was battling with the monster. He was but half the size of the inkanyamba but he held one of the necks in his mouth. Other heads were trying to bite him and could not penetrate his hide. He closed his jaws with a crunch and the head fell off into the river. There it began to swim, using the stump of its neck as a tail.
Kiya watched in dismay as the severed head wriggled towards Ana, who was struggling up the sandbank. Kiya pulled the javelin from her belt and managed to spear the severed head through the top of the skull, pinioning it to the bed of the river.
She helped Ana up the bank. “Where is Ogjeno?” she asked.
“He is following,” said Ana. Kiya pulled out her javelin and the head drifted away down the river, dead.
“Escape you fools, I can’t hold this thing off much longer,” yelled Sobek.
“Our friend cannot be far behind!” called Kiya. They waited a moment longer and then watched in horror as Ogjeno’s body swept past them, carried away by the rushing water out of the gorge and down the river.

Chapter One hundred and twenty one: A Memorable Return
“Is the boy dead?” cried Ana. “What about my treaty?”
Desperate to save Ogjeno and escape from the terrible gorge, they ran along the sandbank and emerged from darkness into sunlight.
There was no sign of Ogjeno as they hurried along beside the river and Kiya had given up hope of finding him when Ana shouted, “There he is!”
Ahead of them a dark shape was tangled among the reeds. Kiya helped Ana pull the boy out of the water and laid him on the ground. He lay limp and unresponsive.
“Oh no, he’s dead!” cried Kiya. She put her head on his chest, trying to listen for a heart beat.
“Get out of the way,” commanded Ana. She turned Ogjeno on his stomach and started to pump his back. “We have many drownings in Crete, but sometimes a person can be saved.” Water rushed out of Ogjeno’s mouth but he showed no other signs of life. “In a last resort we have to breathe into a person’s lungs,” said Ana. She turned Ogjeno over, pinched his nose, pressed her lips and against his and blew. She repeated this many times.
“You humans,” said a voice behind them. “Leave you alone for a few minutes and you start having sex!”
Kiya turned to see Sobek standing in the river. He was once more a man with a crocodile’s head and appeared to be uninjured by his encounter with the inkanyamba.
“Oh, Sobek!” she cried. “You saved our lives. I have never seen such bravery. But we fear that Ogjeno might have drowned.”
The Nubian coughed and then coughed again, then he sat up with a groan. “What happened? Are we dead?”
“No! Thanks to Sobek we are alive!” said Kiya. She was about to embrace Ogjeno but, when he saw the god, he scrambled to his feet, ready to flee. “Don’t be afraid,” said Kiya. “Sobek is a friend.”
“For now,” said the crocodile, nastily. “I don’t know what you did up there, Kiya. It certainly wasn’t what we intended. Your father seems to have become angrier that ever.”
Kiya looked behind to where a huge bank of cloud was building. “He intends to attack Egypt with his monsters,” she cried. “We must hurry and warn everyone!”
Sobek morphed into a crocodile and Kiya heard Ogjeno give a gasp of horror. “Get on my back,” said Sobek. “And be quick. That inkanyamba will recover soon enough from its wounds and is as much under Seth’s command as any of them.”
Kiya and Ana clambered onto Sobek’s back. Ogjeno hesitated. “Is he to be trusted?” he asked, nervously. “He seems as much a monster as any of the others.”
Sobek snarled.
“He is a god,” said Kiya, hastily. “You must apologise to him, Ogjeno. Please or we will not escape.”
Ogjeno muttered an apology and climbed up onto Sobek’s back. He looked frightened and crouched low, clinging onto the ridged scales.
“Hold on tight,” said Sobek and launched himself into the river. They raced downstream, moving fast in the direction of the strong current.
“I am sorry about Yidini,” Kiya said to Ana. “You must be upset to lose such a devoted servant.”
Ana shrugged. “He died a hero. That is all any man can ask for. I will ensure that his name is recorded in the hall of fame.”
Kiya searched Ana’s face for any signs of grief, but saw none. The woman must have a heart of stone, she thought. Even she, who knew him for so short a time, was distressed by Yidini’s death.
They made swift progress along the rapidly-flowing river, to the confluence, where they had met the murderous brothers. Kiya looked apprehensively at the acacia grove where they had been killed but could see no sign of their bodies.
Behind her Ogjeno and Ana were talking. “Was it my imagination or did you kiss me, Princess?” he asked.
“I merely saved you from drowning,” said Ana. “It was the only way and it is important that our treaty be ratified.”
Ogjeno laughed. “You are a statesman first and a woman second.”
“I am flattered,” said Ana.
They soon came to villages, where people ran from the huts to view with awe the sight of three people riding a crocodile. By now Ogjeno had gained courage and stood on Sobek’s shoulders, his head held high, as befits a future king returning to his people.
“Please let me dismount here,” he said to Sobek. “I must clear the villagers away from the path of the monsters.”
Sobek slowed and turned towards the shore.
“What about our treaty?” said Ana.
“It will be ratified. I will hasten to Egypt and bring an army of archers with me.”
“Thank you, Ogjeno,” said Kiya.
“No it is I who must thank you,” said Ogjeno. “I will go down in legend as the man who rode the back of a crocodile and retrieved more metal feathers than any before.”
A crowd had gathered and people were still running from the huts as Sobek crawled up the sandy slope that led to the village. A great cheer rent the air when the people recognised Ogjeno and there was an even greater cheer when he held the feathers aloft.
The triumphant Ogjeno slid from Sobek’s back and the people knelt upon the ground, prostrating themselves before him.
Sobek turned and crawled back to the water.
“I hope Ogjeno remembers his promises,” said Ana. “All that admiration could go to a man’s head.”
Kiya hoped so too. An army of archers would be an invaluable support in the defence of Akhetaten. She thought of Meri and wondered how her son was coping with the demands being placed upon him. She should be there, trying to protect him. But she knew, with sorrow, that her part in his story was over.
Her mission had been a failure, far from saving Egypt she had unleashed devastation upon her beloved country. She felt exhausted and lay down upon Sobek’s back.
“Do not sleep,” said Ana, “or you might fall off.”
But Kiya was too tired to care and closed her eyes.
She woke up to jolting and opened her eyes. Ana was asleep beside her. A roaring filled her ears and she knew that they were approaching a cataract. She sat up and shook the Princess awake.
“Hold on tight,” she said.
They crouched down, clinging to the scaly ridges that ran on either side of the crocodile’s back. Spray soaked them and they hung on grimly as Sobek rocked from side to side, surmounting the rocks and rapids that blocked their way.
Then the river was smooth again and there were few people as the river looped through the wide savannah with its many trees and herds of elephants.
A flock of birds flew overhead, fleeing towards Egypt. Kiya looked behind and saw that Seth’s thunderclouds were like a mountain in the sky. Even from so far a distance she could see lightning flashing in the blackness. Ogjeno should have little trouble in persuading his people that they should escape from the approaching terror, she thought.
They breasted another rapid and were traversing a wide desert. The sun beat down upon them. Kiya quenched her thirst with water from the river, but there was nothing to eat and she was hungry. She hoped it would not be long before they reached Ana’s camp and that there would be food there.
Valley walls were rising on either side of them. Soon they were within the narrow reaches of the upper Nile valley. They navigated the penultimate cataract, with its huge granite islands. Kiya kept an eye open for any who might have survived the boat wrecks, but could see no signs of life.
After a stretch of smooth water, the final cataract was in front of them. Sobek turned aside before the maelstrom and crawled onto the bank.
“This is as far as I take you,” he said. “Those soldiers of yours have star-metal weapons, which could do me damage.”
“Thank you for your help,” said Kiya as she slid from his back and stood beside Ana on the shore.
“I wish your mission had been more successful,” said Sobek. “The immortals will not be pleased with either of us.”
“I am sorry.” Kiya said and watched, dejectedly, as Sobek disappeared below the water.

Chapter One hundred and twenty two: Thebes
“Hurry up,” said Ana. “We must get to Akhetaten before the monsters.” She ran along the path that skirted the cataract and Kiya followed.
When the camp was in sight, Ana called out something and a man emerged from one of the tents. His face lit with joy when he saw the Princess. He gave a mighty shout. Men hurried from the tents and others ran from the scrub, where they had been tending the horses.
Kiya stood back as the soldiers knelt before Ana and she spoke to them in Cretan. Urgently the Princess pointed towards Nubia. They men looked shocked and swiftly rose to their feet and stood to attention. At a word of command from Ana, they ran to fetch the horses and prepare the chariots.
She called one of them back and spoke to him. He bowed low and placed a hand over his heart. Ana turned to Kiya. “I have asked him to fetch us food, but we will have to eat quickly for there is no time to lose.”
While the horses were being harnessed to the chariots, bread and beer were brought to Kiya. Food had never tasted so good, for it was a long time since she had last eaten. But Kiya was in no mood for enjoyment, she kept her eyes fixed to the sky as she ate. Flocks of birds flew overhead, all heading away from Nubia.
“Something terrible must be pursuing them,” said Ana. The Princess gulped down her beer and, still eating the bread, she ran to join her men.
Soon the line of chariots was ready. Ana mounted the leading one and Kiya leapt up beside her. Two soldiers took their places behind. At a shouted command from the Princess, the chariots started to move, gathering pace as they travelled down the road. The horses were fresh from their pasturing and were soon galloping so swiftly that Kiya had to cling tightly to keep her foothold on the bucking chariot.
They were approaching Kiya’s farm when a shadow passed over them. Kiya glanced up and saw, with a chill of fear, that it was the winged snake, heading for Thebes.
Even from a distance, Kiya could see the destruction as the monster attacked the city. Blasts of burning breath ignited the houses and lit the snake in a fiery glow as it twisted and coiled above the blaze. It swooped low and must have come within range of spears for it gave a shriek. As it rose into the air once more, Kiya could see that the leathery membrane of one of its wings was torn. Desperately the creature tried to control its flight but it zigzagged across the flames then crashed to the ground.
Ana whipped the horses, who were slowing, frightened by the drama before them. At high speed the chariots rode through the streets of the city. As they thundered through the market, Kiya saw upturned stalls and scattered merchandise. The way before them was blocked by smouldering debris but Kiya was able to direct the chariots through deserted back roads.
Everyone must be hiding, she thought, but when they reached the harbour they found a group of peasants hacking at the fallen body of the serpent with knives, machetes, axes and any sharp implement that came to hand.
Ana reined in the chariot and Kiya saw that the men had managed to tie the monster down to the quay with mooring ropes. It twisted and turned and she feared that at any moment its bonds might break.
The dragon’s wings beat in huge swathes, felling all who came within their range. Some brave men had managed to dodge the blows and mount its back. One stood between the wings trying to penetrate the scales with a sword. Again and again he struck, but the bronze blade could not cut through the monster’s armoured skin.
Kiya heard the other chariots draw up behind her.
“Our ship is safely moored at another quay,” said Ana. “We must be going.”
“No wait!” cried Kiya. “Your men’s star-metal weapons will quickly kill the dragon.”
“We will waste time,” said Ana.
“I beg of you,” said Kiya.
Ana frowned and then shouted an order to her men. Kiya watched them dismount from the chariots and form into a phalanx. Ana stood at their head with a drawn sword, then gave another order and led them towards the front of the dragon. They skirted around the flapping wings and out of Kiya’s sight.
“Kiya!”
The sound of her name made Kiya look up to see the man between the dragon’s wings waving to her.
“Khamet?”
He chose his moment and then slid down to the ground and ran to her, avoiding the flapping membranes. She hardly recognised him, his cheeks were flushed, his eyes shining, and blood trickled from a wound at his temple.
“Thank the gods you have come back safely, Kiya. You were seen on a Cretan chariot and we feared you might have been captured.”
“No, I was among friends,” she said.
He indicated the snake. “Where did this dragon come from? We were peacefully selling goods in the market when its fiery breath descended from the skies.”
“It has come from Nubia and is under the command of Seth. It is the first of an army of monsters that are advancing upon Egypt.”
There was an agonised shriek and Kiya turned to see the snake’s head rise into the air. Blood spouted from wounds in its neck and, as it screamed, a plume of bloody steam rose from its mouth. Then the head crashed to the ground and the body shuddered and lay still.
“Is it dead?” asked Kiya. She watched the scales of the monster turned from fiery red to a dull grey as its life blood seeped out onto the quay.
“I think so,” said Khamet. “We must thank the star-metal weapons of your Cretan friends. Will they stay to protect us from the ones that follow?”
“No, we are on our way to Akhetaten. We must warn the King. Seth has vowed to destroy Egypt and cannot do so while Meri is alive.”
“You need to defend your son? Then I will join you,” said Khamet. He hefted his sword and Kiya saw him in a new light. He was no longer the boy who had teased her, nor the helpful neighbouring farmer. He was a warrior, as strong and brave as any man.
She laid a hand on his arm. “No, I beg of you, Khamet. Stay here and protect Thebes. Tell everyone to leave the city, if they can, and take shelter in the hills. Those who remain must allow the monsters to pass without hindrance. I believe that their goal is to attack Akhetaten. It is there that we will vanquish them with the strength of the army.”
He looked disappointed. “As you wish, Kiya. Your husband will be waiting in Akhetaten to protect you.”
Kiya was about to tell him that her marriage was over when Ana returned with her soldiers. They were blood spattered and triumphant in their victory. All around them were the flames of burning ships and houses, separated by the great grey wall of the dead serpent.
“If you are satisfied, Kiya, now, perhaps we can get going,” said Ana and directed her men to the neighbouring quay.
“Have we you to thank for their intervention?” said Khamet.
“I suppose so,” said Kiya.
He knelt at her feet, raised her hand to his lips and kissed it. She was taken aback by his gesture of gratitude and felt conscious of the touch of his lips upon her skin.
“Hurry up, Kiya, or we will leave without you!” shouted Ana.
“I must go,” she said. “Look after my parents, Khamet.”
“It will be my pleasure,” he said.
She ran to where the chariots and horses were being loaded onto the Cretan ship. When she looked back for a final sight of Khamet he had turned away and was directing a group of men to use poles to push the burning boats away from the quay.

Chapter One hundred and twenty three: Warning
Kiya waited until the horses were tethered on the main deck and the chariots stowed, then she boarded the ship. She hurried to the cabin on the rear deck to be out of the way of the activity as the rowers took their positions.
Despite the efforts of men on the neighbouring quay to float away the burning hulks, flames leapt into the air and threatened to extend the conflagration. Sparks showered down close to their ship and the horses shifted uneasily as wreathes of smoke drifted over them. Kiya feared that the fire might reach them before they could get away and it was with relief that she heard the captain give the command to untie the mooring ropes.
They steered wide to avoid the flaming ships and were soon heading downriver. All around were feluccas, skimming away from Thebes faster than the Cretan ship with its rows of rowers. Kiya left the leather cabin and stood scanning the skies with anxious eyes. Far behind them she could see dark clouds massing and she wished that the boat would speed more quickly to Akhetaten.
“Come and take refreshment, Kiya,” called out Ana.
Kiya turned and saw the Princess coming up the steps to the deck, carrying a tray of food.
“Why does the captain not put up his sail?” asked Kiya. “The feluccas are travelling quicker than we are.”
“He knows what he is doing,” said Ana. “The sail will make it too difficult to steer. Do not let anxiety cloud your judgement, Kiya. We must remain clear-headed. Most importantly, we must eat to keep our strength up.”
She sat on the bench inside the cabin and Kiya sat beside her. The tray on Ana’s knees held two goblets of beer and plates of cakes, dates, bread and cheese. Made queasy by the stink of the cabin and the tension clutching at her stomach, Kiya did not feel like eating, but after a few mouthfuls her appetite returned and she ate heartily.
“I must thank you, Ana, for your hospitality,” she said.
Ana laughed. “If we survive this adventure it is I who must thank you. I confess that I was reluctant to take you with us, but without you our venture would have failed. There would have been no treaty. Indeed, I would probably have died at the second cataract if your crocodile friend had not intervened.”
Kiya sighed. “So many have died and now my actions have brought destruction on Thebes.”
“Do not blame yourself for the deeds of others,” said Ana. “Such sensitivity is a weakness. If you have finished your meal I will leave you to rest. We will have much work to do when we reach Akhetaten.”
How can I rest when pursued by such a nightmare, thought Kiya, but when Ana stood up she obediently lay upon the bench.
She must have fallen asleep because she was awakened by the sound of shouted commands and much activity. She sat up and looked out of the cabin to discover that they had reached their destination.
The harbour was busy. The flotilla of boats that had fled Thebes were docking in all available spaces and people were running from the riverside into the city.
With much yelling and shooing away of encroaching boats, the Cretan ship managed to clear enough space to dock. Kiya waited impatiently while the horses and chariots disembarked.
“We will go to the temple,” said Ana, climbing into her chariot. “The King must be told.”
Kiya climbed up beside her and two soldiers took up the rear. The line of chariots could not ride fast through the crowded streets and by the time they reached the temple the guards had been alerted. They stood, their swords drawn, looking from left to right as if expecting to be attacked at any moment.
Kiya’s heart leapt when she recognised the man in charge as Dennu. His face lit up when he saw the chariots. “Kiya! Princess Ana! Surely you cannot be the danger that is threatening us?”
“No, indeed!” said Ana. “We have come to protect you. A hoard of monsters is on the way to attack the city. Thebes is already burning. The King must be told.”
“He is in the middle of a ceremony and cannot be disturbed,” said Dennu.
“There is no time to lose, they are close behind us,” said Ana.
“Wait. I will do what I can,” said Dennu. He entered the temple through the gap in the fence.
From her vantage point on the chariot, Kiya could stand on tiptoe and see over the fence and the heads of the soldiers. The King stood on a dais at the far end of the huge arena with his arms raised to the sun. He was dressed in full ceremonial robes, his cloak embroidered with the golden rays of the Aten. Upon his head was the great double crown of Egypt. Already tall, he towered over the flower girls that surrounded him.
Ikhnaton’s lips were moving as he praised the Aten. Dennu hurried across the deserted arena to the platform. He bowed low to Ikhnaton and said something but the King took no notice. He appeared to be in a trance.
One of the flower girls stepped out of line. She held her basket carelessly as she asked Dennu a question and Kiya saw that it was empty of petals. In this time of drought all the flowers must have died.
This disruption of his ceremony alerted the King and he lowered his head to frown at Dennu.
Dennu spoke to him again and he replied. From a distance Kiya could not see his countenance but he appeared to be annoyed.
Dennu spoke once more with greater urgency. The King waved his hand dismissively, said something and turned away.
Then, as Dennu hurried back towards the entrance of the temple, the King raised his arms once more to the sun and continued with the ceremony. Without crowds, without flowers, without his wife beside him, Ikhnaton remained steadfast in his worship of the Aten and Kiya felt a grudging respect for him.
“That did not go well,” said Ana. “Your King puts religion before the safety of the state. He is not a wise ruler and I fear that the city is doomed.”

Chapter One hundred and twenty four: Dennu’s House
Dennu emerged from the temple looking grim. “The King has put the defence of the city in my hands,” he said to Ana. “He will remain in the temple and pray to the Aten for deliverance.”
“Let us hope his prayers are successful,” said Ana.
“I will meet you at home,” said Dennu.
“Home?” Kiya was momentarily confused.
“I should say, in my house,” Dennu corrected himself. “I will alert those we wish to join the war council.”
“Let Sabu know,” said Kiya. “He will bring the nomads to help us.”
Dennu frowned. “Who is Sabu?”
“The man who was my bodyguard. He leads a nomad tribe and I am sure will come to my aid.”
“I am sure he will,” said Dennu, his frown deepening. “Such devotion is unusual for a man who was merely a bodyguard.”
“What are you suggesting?” said Kiya, her anger rising to meet his.
“Enough!” commanded Ana. “We have work to do.” She wheeled away her chariot and headed towards the palace. “I am not having you two fight again,” she said to Kiya. “Your love for that man makes a fool of you.”
“It is all in the past,” protested Kiya but she knew that the wounds were still raw.
There were fewer people in the streets now. As the chariots rode through the market Kiya saw that stall holders were packing away their wares. The news of a coming attack had reached the populace.
When they arrived at the palace Kiya found the guards on full alert, their spears at the ready. The soldiers recognised the Cretan chariots and stood to one side to let them in.
They crowded into the courtyard, the horses, champing and restless. Ana turned to one of the men riding in the chariot behind Kiya and spoke in Cretan. The man bowed and laid his hand on his heart.
Ana turned to Kiya. “I have put Rusa in charge of stabling the horses while we go to the war council. Show me where it is to be held.”
Kiya dismounted from the chariot and went to the door which led to the garden. She feared that the plants might have succumbed to the drought but when, she opened the door she saw that the lawns were green and the trees and shrubs flourished. The palace was an oasis of peace in a desert of alarm and confusion.
Kiya walked beside Ana along the path that led to Dennu’s house. “That is where Dennu lives,” she said pointing to the long, low building on the terrace.
“What a fine house, and in such beautiful surroundings,” said Ana. “It is a shame you are unable to submit to the disciplines of the harem, Kiya. Dennu is a good man and he seems to love you still.”
“I don’t want to talk about it,” said Kiya.
“Perhaps you would prefer the love of a woman?” said Ana. “When I rule Crete my love will not be for my husbands. I do not wish to break my heart over every sacrifice. My love will be for my woman partner, who will rule by my side and be with me for a lifetime.”
Was this a proposition? wondered Kiya. She decided to ignore it. “I want nothing more than to marry and have children with a man who will love only me,” she said. “I have learnt not to care for wealth or privilege. Love is enough.”
“Spoken like a simpleton,” said Ana with a frown.
They mounted the steps and crossed the terrace.
“I presume the meeting is to be in the main room,” said Kiya and she led Ana through the veranda and into the house.
A servant emerged through the door to the harem. She looked at them enquiringly and bowed when she recognised Kiya.
“The Princess and I are here at the request of Lord Dennu,” said Kiya. “There is to be a meeting of the war council.”
“Yes, my Lady. Would you like me to bring you refreshments?”
“I will have a beer, please,” said Kiya. She looked at Ana.
“I will have a beer too,” said Ana, “and I am also hungry.”
The servant bowed and left the room.
“I wonder if Itet knows we are here,” said Kiya. She did not have to wonder long, for the door opened and Itet hurried into the room.
“Kiya!” she said. “How wonderful to see you again.” She stood uncertainly not sure whether to embrace her former companion. Kiya smiled and held out her arms and the two women hugged.
“I have missed you,” said Itet, “Have you returned to us?”
“No, we are just here for a meeting.”
“Oh, I am sorry,” said Itet then she brightened. “Dennu will soon marry again. The Grand Vizier has offered him his daughter.”
“Do you not mind sharing your husband with other women?” asked Ana, with a sideways look at Kiya.
“Oh, no. I long for company and one day there will be children. The harem can be a lonely place when you are on your own.”
“How is your condition?” asked Kiya, glancing at Itet’s slightly swollen belly. “I hope you are keeping well.”
“Alas, I am weak in the mornings and am often sick. But I am assured by the servants that this is a natural part of childbearing.”
“I am sorry I deserted you,” said Kiya with a pang of guilt.
“There is no need to apologise, Kiya,” Itet said. “Dennu has explained it all to me. You need the excitement of an adventurous life, which cannot be found in the palace.”
Kiya gave an inward sigh. She felt as if she had had enough adventure to last a lifetime and there was still a battle to be fought. From the bottom of her heart she yearned for peace, for the orderly pattern of the seasons and a loving husband to share life with. How can such simple happiness be so hard to find?
A servant came in with a tray on which were two goblets of beer and a selection of bread and cakes. She laid it on the table and Kiya and Ana sat down to their meal.
“Will you join us, Itet?” asked Kiya.
“If I do not intrude,” she said and sat at the table beside Kiya.
Kiya offered her the plate of cakes. “Have you news of my son?” she asked. “Is Meri safe and well?”
“Yes, indeed,” said Itet, selecting a saffron bun. “He lives within the temple and is well guarded.”
“But is he happy?” asked Kiya. “What of companionship?”
“All the great people of Egypt come to sit at his feet and feel his love. They ask him many questions about the unknowable god but he does not speak. He smiles and his love glows more strongly than ever.”
“Perhaps that is an answer,” said Kiya.
“They wish to know how he created the world and why,” said Itet. “They want to know the meaning of it all.”
“Then they are fools,” said Ana. “A man cannot know the unknowable, however hard he tries.”
Itet rose to her feet. “There are many people coming this way,” she said, nodding towards the garden. “I will say farewell, but I hope we meet again soon.”
She hurried from the room and Kiya looked to where Dennu was leading a group of men across the lawn towards the house. She recognised Huy, Sabu and the Grand Vizier, and she knew that they were being joined by the rest of the war council.

Chapter One hundred and twenty five: The War Council
By the time the men reached the house, a servant had removed the tray and the table was clear.
“My Lords,” said Dennu, as he ushered the group into the main room. “I would like you to welcome Princess Ana and Lady Kiya to our council.”
Nakht bowed. “Your chariots will be of benefit to us, Princess Ana. But I hardly think that Kiya need attend our meeting.”
Sabu brushed past him and knelt at Kiya’s feet. “My tribe is at your service, my Lady.”
“Thank you, Sabu,” said Kiya. “How wonderful to see you again.” She wanted to embrace him but would have to kneel to do so, so she rested her hand on his head as if in blessing.
“Kiya is no ordinary woman,” said Ana to Nakht. “She is the daughter of Seth and she walks with gods. She has...”
Dennu interrupted her hurriedly. “It is enough for the Grand Vizier to know that Kiya is the mother of the blessed child Meri.”
“Meri’s mother?” said Nakht in amazement. Then he sank to his knees beside Sabu. “Forgive me, my Lady. I had no idea.”
Kiya felt awkward with two men kneeling at her feet. Uncertain what to do she rested a hand on the Grand Viziers head. He stayed for a moment with his head bowed and then seized her hand and kissed it before getting to his feet. “Egypt is forever in your debt, my Lady,” he said. “For the child Meri has been born to save us.”
“We must make haste,” said Dennu. “The battle plans must be laid and the army alerted.” He indicated that they should all take their seats at the table. Then he went to the storage chest and searched among the papyrus rolls.
Kiya sat next to Huy. She leant sideways and gave her uncle a kiss on the cheek. “How is Laylos?” she whispered.
Huy grinned. “She is well, Kiya,” he whispered back. “But you must not chitchat at a war meeting.”
Dennu returned to the table with a scroll, which he unrolled to reveal a map of the city. “The invaders will be coming from the direction of Thebes,” he said, pointing to the map. “I believe that Thebes has already been attacked. Did you see what happened, Princess?”
“Yes, indeed,” said Ana. “The city was assailed by a flying snake of huge proportions. Again and again it ignited buildings with its flaming breath until it swooped too low and its wing became torn. It could not direct its flight and crashed to the ground where the people fought it with all manner of weapons.”
There was a stunned silence. “Are we, too, to be attacked by such a creature?” said Nakht.
“Kiya is the best person to tell you what to expect,” said Ana. “For she climbed the mountain of the monsters and looked into the pit where they live.”
“Have you no fear of death?” said Dennu, regarding Kiya with awe.
“I do what must be done,” she said and felt warmed by his admiration. “There are many monsters working in the pit,” she told the council. “They are of all shapes and sizes, most a combination of animal and man. I believe they are slaves and will not fight us willingly but, like any animal, if they are attacked they will fight back. Our greatest danger is from the monsters that lurk in the caverns below the pit. I have seen two at close quarters. The flying snake, which has been killed, and a bird with metal feathers that it can hurl like knives. Both are malevolent creatures and there must be many more, all eager to obey Seth’s instructions to destroy Egypt.”
“What about the water monster?” said Ana. “It has many heads and when one is cut off it can grow another. The severed head remains a danger for it attacks by wriggling through the water like a snake. Kiya saved me from such a head.”
“And then there is Molloch,” said Kiya. “A huge creature with a mouth in his chest instead of his head. His body is of such a high temperature that he burns whoever he touches.”
There was a pause as the rest of the war council absorbed the details of the monsters they were to face.
“It seems that we can be attacked from land, water and air,” said Dennu. “I suggest we lay our plans carefully so Akhetaten can be defended on all fronts.”
“My tribe can stand upon the cliff top,” said Sabu. “We have sling shots that can bring down flying monsters. It sounds as if those with leathery wings are vulnerable.”
“An army of Nubian archers should be coming to help defend the city,” said Kiya. “We can put some of them up on the cliffs with you, Sabu.”
“Nubian archers?” said Nakht. “Why should the Nubians risk their lives by coming to our aid?”
“Their prince, Ogjeno, owes Kiya a debt of gratitude,” said Ana.
“It seems that we have much to thank Kiya for,” said Dennu. He smiled at Kiya and then turned to Huy. “I suggest you split the army into two, Huy. One half to defend the city from monsters coming from Thebes, the other half to stand by the river in case the water monster attacks.”
“Wait,” said Kiya. “I think that the vanguard of the monster army will be the slaves from the mine. They will be sent ahead to keep the soldiers busy so the main attack can take place. We should let them pass unhindered through the city.”
“That is a big assumption to make,” said Nakht. “What if you are wrong? What if we let them into the centre of Akhetaten and they turn and attack us?”
“We could line the route with soldiers,” said Huy. “They would keep an eye on the monsters and hold back the people.”
Dennu nodded. “Since Kiya is the only one to have seen these monsters she is the best judge. I agree we allow them safe passage but keep our soldiers close by in case anything happens.”
“What of my chariots?” said Ana.
“I suggest we hold them back until the real battle starts,” said Dennu. “A chariot charge into the thick of the fighting should turn things in our direction. I leave it all to you, Princess.”
“Do not forget the temple,” said Kiya. “Who will guard Meri?”
“I will,” said Dennu. “The King will also wish to be there and I and my men will ensure their safety.”
“What do you want me to do?” Kiya asked.
Dennu smiled at her. “My instincts are to ask you to remain safely in hiding but I know you will not wish to do so. You are our inspiration, Kiya. Be with us wherever the fighting is hardest but I beg of you not to get hurt.”
Kiya felt her heart swell at his words. “Thank you,” she said and her voice sounded choked.
“I suggest we go and make our preparations,” said Dennu. “There is much to be done. We will meet at dawn at the barracks kitchen so the men can have a meal while the final instructions are given.”
“What of my aunt Laylos?” said Kiya. “Without Huy to protect her she will be in danger. I will be able to concentrate much better knowing that she is safe.” Huy said nothing but she could feel his tension as he sat beside her.
“Of course,” said Dennu. “She must come and stay at the palace. Make the arrangements, please, Huy.” He turned to Kiya. “I hope that you will sleep here too, Kiya. You and your aunt are very welcome to stay with Itet.”
Kiya thanked him and watched as Dennu and the rest of the war council left the house and hurried across the lawn to organise the defence of the city.
“I will stay with my men,” said Ana. “Farewell, Kiya. Your gods be with you tomorrow.” She bent and kissed Kiya on the cheek and then strode away, as much a warrior as any man.

Chapter One hundred and twenty six: Calm Before the Storm
Kiya was left alone in the room. She unrolled at the map of Akhetaten and stared at the streets. They were set out in a tidy grid, unlike the tangled thoroughfares of Thebes. How swiftly the city had grown. How large the population now vulnerable to death and destruction. She went out onto the veranda and sat on the cushioned seat that ran along the wall. The faint sound of shouting voices could be heard in the distance beyond the palace walls. Outside there would be fear and chaos as people prepared for the coming invasion, but here it was peaceful.
Her mind turned to her parents and the storm that was coming to engulf them. Would the attack pass them by? The valley was dotted with small farms, surely the army of monsters would ignore them in its haste to reach the city. She thought of Khamet and hoped that he would fulfil his promise to protect Teos and Ramala.
She remembered the others she had known and loved – Huy, Laylos, Ana, Sabu, Dennu, Itet and Meri. Yes, above all Meri, her beautiful golden child. She prayed that they would be safe in the coming battle. Then she thought of herself and asked to be given strength, for she had seen the anger of Seth and dreaded what was to befall.
The evening darkened into night. Kiya’s thin shift did little to protect her from the chill. She was about to go indoors, when she saw a figure hurrying through the garden towards her.
“Laylos!” Kiya ran across the terrace and down the steps to greet her aunt.
“My dear child,” said Laylos as they embraced. “Thank the gods you have returned safely from Nubia. But what is happening? Akhetaten is in turmoil.”
“Come,” said Kiya. She put her arm around her aunt’s shoulders and led her to the house. “You must stay with me in the harem tonight.”
“The harem? Is that permitted? I have never seen a harem before.”
Agog with interest, Laylos allowed herself to be escorted into the house, across the main room and through the door that led to Dennu’s harem.
“What a lovely little courtyard,” said Laylos. She peered around. “Where do all those doors lead to?”
“They lead to the rooms of Dennu’s wives.”
“I am impressed. How many wives does he have?”
“Only one at the moment. But you know Dennu, he was always ambitious.”
Laylos laughed. “I heard you had divorced him, Kiya. Poor man, he loved you dearly.”
“He loved power and privilege more. Do not worry about Dennu, Laylos. He has a fine and loving wife in Itet. I believe she already bears his child.”
“I have a message from Huy,” said Laylos. “He thanks you for asking what he dare not ask himself. I think he refers to me coming to the palace. Tell me what is happening, my dear. You know I have courage enough to take the news.”
Kiya shivered. “Come to the reception room,” she said, “and meet Itet, for I should tell her as well.”
Itet was sitting sewing in the lamplight. She rose to her feet and greeted them warmly. “Welcome,” she said. “I have been instructed to expect you and it is a pleasure to have company.”
“This is my aunt, Laylos,” said Kiya. “Laylos, this is Princess Itet.”
Laylos was obviously in awe of the splendidly-attired young woman. She bowed awkwardly and muttered a greeting.
“Come and sit beside me, close to the warmth of the brazier,“ said Itet. “Can I offer you refreshment? Wine? Beer? Food?”
“Yes, please,” said Kiya. “We would both like beer.”
“And I would like something to eat, please,” said Laylos. “If you can spare anything. Food is scarce nowadays.” Itet clapped her hands and instructed the servant who appeared at the door.
“I have grave news to impart,” said Kiya, when the servant had left. “The reason Laylos has come to stay in the harem is because Akhetaten is in danger. The god Seth has become angry and has stopped the Nile flooding.”
“The false god Seth,” Itet corrected her.
Kiya paused, irritated by Itet’s primness, then she continued, “Seth has assembled an army of monsters, which is coming to attack us.”
“May Aten have mercy!” said an alarmed Itet. “Dennu will protect us.”
“Dennu will be in charge of soldiers protecting your brother and Meri at the temple. We must defend ourselves,” said Kiya. “Do you have any weapons, Itet?”
“No, of course not.” Itet was shocked by the suggestion.
“I have my star-metal knife,” said Laylos, drawing it from her belt.
The servant came in with food and looked startled to see Laylos with a drawn knife.
“Wait,” said Kiya as the servant put down the tray and was about to leave. “First thing tomorrow morning I want you and the other servants to assemble here. Bring knives and any other weapons you can find in the kitchen. I need you to protect your mistress and my aunt from any creatures that might enter the palace.”
The girl looked uncertainly at Itet, who nodded. “We will all be much safer if we stay together,” she said. “Make sure you do what is required.”
The girl bowed and hurried away.
“Are you not staying with us?” Laylos asked Kiya. “Where will you be going?”
“I will go where I am needed, wherever I can make a difference in the tide of battle.”
“Oh dear,” said Laylos. “You always were too courageous for your own good.”
“If you must fight, stay close to Dennu,” said Itet. “He will make sure no harm comes to you.” Kiya smiled at Itet, touched by her concern and by her confidence in Dennu.
“Honey cakes!” said Laylos looking at the tray. “And dates and peaches. I haven’t had such fare for a long time.” She ate eagerly.
“I could not eat a thing,” said Itet. “My stomach is knotted at the thought of what is coming to us.”
“Really?” said Laylos. “I must admit to feeling fearful, myself. But my stomach knows nothing about it.”
“I should retire soon,” said Kiya. “I must be up at dawn to join the army at the barracks kitchen.”
“Take care, Kiya,” said Laylos. “It will break my heart if anything happens to you.” She turned and gave Kiya a long and loving hug. “I wish I could fight by your side, but pregnancy makes me too fragile.”
“Are you in such a happy state as well?” asked Itet.
“I will leave you two talking about babies,” said Kiya and got to her feet.
“Your room is ready for you,” said Itet, “and another has been prepared for your aunt.”
Kiya kissed first Laylos and then Itet. “I pray you will both be safe. We will celebrate together after the battle.”

Chapter One hundred and twenty seven: Attack of the Harpies
Kiya thought she would have trouble sleeping but she felt relaxed in her old room, surrounded by the finery of her life in the palace. Everything was as she had left it – the stands with their fine clothes, the dressing table with bottles of rich perfumes and creams, the beautiful wigs. It was as if she had returned to another world, far removed from the anxieties of this one.
She woke at dawn, rose from her bed, put on her old shift and tucked the star-metal javelin into her belt. There was no sign of life in the harem. She suspected that Laylos and Itet had stayed up talking far into the night and would sleep late.
There was still dew on the grass as she crossed the garden. She looked back at the house and saw a trail of her footprints, dark against the sparkling droplets. Soon the traces of her passing would disappear as the sun evaporated the moisture. With one last loving thought of her aunt, she turned and hurried away.
The army was already assembled in the huge, communal kitchen of the barracks. The men were seated at many long tables in the open air. They were eating porridge and bread and drinking beer. The cooks must have been up all night preparing such a meal, thought Kiya as she found a place upon a bench between two soldiers.
“What are you doing here?” grunted one of them.
“I am a soldier just as you are,” said Kiya, helping herself to bread.
“A whore after a free meal, more like,” said the other. But he filled her goblet from the jug of beer and gave her a good-natured wink when she thanked him.
Dennu sat at the head of one of the tables. Kiya craned her neck and could see Huy and Nakht seated on either side of him. She looked for Ana and Sabu, but there was no sign of them. Silence fell on the busy kitchen as Dennu rose to his feet. He was ready for battle, the wide leather straps across his chest decorated with bronze rivets and with a star-metal sword at his side.
“Welcome to you all. Eat and drink well, for it will be a long and challenging day. As you know, we have had warning that the city will soon be attacked by an army of monsters. Whence they come, and under whose command, are things that need not concern you. It is enough to know that Akhetaten is in grave danger and depends upon your strength and bravery for protection.” All around Kiya men stirred and gasped, surprised that the rumours had been proved true.
“The first wave of monsters are to be let through the city,” continued Dennu. “On no account must they be shown aggression or they will attack. Brigade One will be under my command at the temple. Brigade Two will be under Captain Huy's command at the riverside.” He indicated Huy, who stood up.
“My men will tackle any creatures who might come from the Nile,” said Huy. “We know of one and there may be others. A pit has been dug during the night into which severed heads can be contained.”
“Good man,” said Dennu. “The rest of the army will be under Lord Nakht’s command on the south side of the city ready to repel the second wave, which must be defeated at all costs.” He bowed to Nakht, who rose to his feet to address the assembled men.
He looked old, thought Kiya. Though he wore an expensive corselet of copper scales he looked more like an administrator than a warrior. When he spoke his voice was so weak it barely reached her table.
“Half my men will be deployed within the city until the vanguard has passed through. They will then rejoin the main army at the southern flank.”
Nakht sat down and Dennu once more took command. “Princess Ana and her war chariots will hold back, ready to charge where needed. Nomads will guard the cliffs and we are expecting archers to arrive from...” He broke off and stared upwards, his mouth still open and his eyes wide with surprise.
There was a screaming sound and dozens of winged creatures descended upon the tables. The air was full of whirring feathers and the sound of crashing crockery. Kiya raised her hands to protect herself from flying debris and, with a sinking heart, she realised that the attack had begun.
“Do not fight them!” The command from Dennu was echoed by others down the tables.
Kiya watched in disgust as the winged creatures threw food around and defecated on the dishes. Everything was being spoiled.
At first glance their attackers looked like large birds, but Kiya could see that they had been created by mixing the life forces of birds and humans. Their front ends were bare of feathers and on their chests were two rounded globes topped with nipples, like the breasts of young women. They had arms as well as wings and with these they were tearing and throwing bread and tipping over bowls of porridge and flasks of beer.
Most horrible of all were their heads which had the faces of ugly hags surrounded by tangled grey hair. One of the creatures peered at Kiya with the mad, round eyes of a raptor and then snarled at her, drawing back its withered lips to reveal pointed teeth.
The soldier standing next to Kiya drew his sword.
“No,” screamed Kiya, but she could not stop the fatal blow, which lopped off the hag’s head.
There was pandemonium as the creatures became aware of their companion’s death. They turned from despoiling the food and threw themselves at the surrounding soldiers. The fighting was fierce but brief and ended when the screeching flock rose into the air and flew away.
Many hags had been killed, their feathered bodies lay in the mess that had been breakfast. Thick, red blood mingled with beer, porridge and faeces in a disgusting mixture, the smell of which made Kiya want to vomit.
Soldiers too had been killed, their throats ripped out by sharp teeth and claws.
“That was an unnecessary sacrifice!” shouted Dennu from the dais. “Those creatures were after our food. They attacked only to defend themselves. Let this be a lesson to you. Keep tight discipline and attack only when commanded to do so.”
The soldier who started the fracas had paid with his life. He lay at Kiya’s feet, a gaping wound in his neck from which blood still pumped. His sightless eyes stared up to the sky. Kiya stepped over him. The time for grieving was after the battle.

Chapter One hundred and twenty eight: A Strange Procession
There were few people in the streets of Akhetaten. It was still early in the morning but Kiya supposed that most would stay indoors now that news of the impending battle had spread. The main roads through the town were cleared and the side roads cordoned off by soldiers.
Kiya waited behind a group of soldiers and was joined by curious bystanders.
“What is going on,” said a man. “Why is the road blocked?” he sounded annoyed.
“Have you not heard?” said Kiya. “We are under attack.”
“Then why are the soldiers not defending the city?” said the man. “Why are they blocking the road and stopping respectable people getting to work?”
“There are monsters on the way,” said Kiya. “But they must be allowed to pass through without hindrance.”
“Pass through? What nonsense is that!” said the man.
“What sort of monsters?” a woman asked.
Kiya turned to her. “Some might be dangerous,” she said. “It would be advisable to go home and remain in safety.”
The woman looked past her and up to the sky. “What is happening?” she cried and pointed upwards.
Kiya looked and saw a huge, black cloud like a wave threatening to engulf the city. “It’s Seth!” she breathed.
The woman ran and many others followed but the man stayed beside Kiya. “I am not afraid of monsters,” he said.
Perhaps you should be, thought Kiya but she said nothing. The wait dragged on. Kiya could sense the tension in the air as the soldiers shifted nervously in front of her. It grew darker as Seth’s thundercloud blanked out the sun. Kiya smelt a whiff of silage.
“They are coming,” she said to the soldiers.
“How do you know?” demanded the man. “This is a waste of time.”
Then the first monster appeared. When Kiya saw it walk past the entrance to the side street her memory was transported back to Crete. The creature was a bull-man, like the minotaur. Its huge, horned head turned from side to side upon its massive shoulders, as it peered around, alert for trouble. It walked with a strange prancing gate, its man-body barely able to support the head of a bull.
One of the soldiers gave a frightened gasp and dropped his spear. The monster stopped and glared into the side street. It raised its head and sniffed the air. As it lifted its upper lip, Kiya saw that it differed from the Cretan minotaur because its teeth were not those of a lion but were the wide, blunt teeth of a herbivore.
“It is harmless,” she murmured to the soldiers. “Let it pass.”
After a long moment the creature turned and continued on its way and Kiya could sense the relief of the soldiers. They were soon on the alert again for the man-bull was followed by a lion with a man’s head. It prowled past, head down to the ground as if following a scent. Then came a man, trotting upon goat’s legs, arm in arm with a woman sporting the huge stomach and thighs of a pig.
Kiya had assumed that all monsters were as ugly as the first, then a horse with the upper half of a man instead of a head and neck, pranced past. It was beautiful. Its coat was glossy, its tail thick and, the part that was a man, well-muscled and handsome. She sniffed the air and smelled meadow grass and wild flowers.
“Why don’t the soldiers kill it?” muttered the man. “They must be cowards to be frightened of a horse.”
The procession of extraordinary creatures continued and a whirl of unpleasant scents assaulted Kiya’s senses. A snarling fight broke out between a man with a wolf’s head and a three-headed dog. Kiya saw them shoving each other as they walked past the end of the road. The wolf man had flipper-like arms and he hit the dog a blow that sent it whimpering ahead.
“Is that the plan, then?” asked the man beside Kiya, getting more and more agitated. “Are we to wait for those creatures to kill each other?”
A soldier turned around and glared at him.
“Shush,” whispered Kiya. “We must not alert them to our presence.”
“Cowards,” muttered the man but he held his peace as the parade continued.
Every combination of human and animal that could be imagined walked past the waiting soldiers. After the large and then the medium-sized creatures, smaller ones followed. Kiya recognised the flat-footed goblin she had seen in the mine. There was a group of them – males, females and those she presumed were children.
Tiny creatures fluttered around the column. Kiya looked closely and saw that they were diminutive but perfectly-formed humans with butterfly wings. Their essences were a mixture of bitter and sweet.
The reduced size of the passing monsters gave the grumbling man courage, for he pushed his way through the soldiers, grabbing a spear as he went.
“Stop him,” yelled Kiya. But they were too late. The man set upon the monsters stamping and stabbing with the spear.
Two rat-like animals were crushed under foot, a third speared and a butterfly-girl knocked to the ground before a shadow loomed over the man. He looked up, his aggressive expression changing to one of fear.
Kiya had been about to rush out to stop the slaughter, but she drew back into the side street when she saw that Molloch was bringing up the rear of the column. Kiya watched him grab the man and lift him high. The smell of burning flesh filled the air and the man screamed in agony.
For what seemed an age the man’s tortured body writhed in Molloch’s grip. Kiya shut her eyes and held her hands over her ears in an attempt to block out the sounds of his torment. At last Molloch must have judged him to have suffered enough for the screaming stopped. Kiya opened her eyes to see that the man had been thrust head first into the monster’s mouth. His legs, still twitching, were being swallowed into the orifice in Molloch’s chest.
Silence fell. Kiya heard the sound of a moan and realised that it came from herself. She had never seen anyone die so horribly. Her knees were shaking from shock. How much more traumatized must the soldiers be, she wondered. For this was the first time they had encountered a colossus such as Molloch.
They waited for more monsters but none came. Warily Kiya followed the soldiers as they ventured into the main road. Molloch could be seen in the distance, following the procession out of the city. Where his feet had trodden the heat of his body had turned the sand to glass.

Chapter One hundred and twenty nine: A Cyclops
Overhead the clouds blackened and lightning flashed between their rolling banks. Seth was angry and Kiya knew she had been right to guess that the first phalanx of creatures had been sent ahead to distract the soldiers. A huge blaze of lightning lit the sky and Kiya could see winged serpents coiling in and out of the thunderclouds. She hoped that the soldiers were still fresh enough to tackle what was to come.
“To the front!” came the order. The soldiers formed into a line and marched south to where Nakht was organising the defence of the city. Kiya stayed behind.
A crash of thunder heralded a downpour. The first few drops fell upon Kiya and she shrank back against the side of the road, trying to find shelter from the rain. Soon her shift was soaked and her hair clung, dripping, to the side of her head. Water ran down the walls of the houses. Kiya knew that it would be gathering on the flat roofs and cascading down the inner staircases into people’s living rooms. How would mud bricks stand up to such a deluge? she wondered.
A sense of foreboding filled her, something terrible was on the way. Even through the driving rain she could smell a rank scent that was growing stronger. A movement in the sky caught her attention and her guts knotted as she saw an enormous giant loom through the sheets of rain. He was the shape of a man, but so massive that he stood higher than the cliffs that surrounded the city. He must have stepped easily over Nakht’s defences, thought Kiya. What fools they had been to think that mere mortals could defend themselves against such a creature.
The colossal humanoid peered downwards and Kiya saw that his face was as rough hewn as if he had been made from rock. His craggy features looked ill-tempered and he glared with a single eye that was situated in the middle of his forehead.
The giant stamped and his huge feet flattened houses as though they had been no more than children’s toys. Kiya ran towards the destruction, the screams and cries of victims becoming louder as she approached. The giant paused and looked towards the cliffs. Kiya realised that Sabu and his nomad tribes were hurling stones at him with their slingshots.
The giant lumbered towards his attackers, raised a mighty fist and thumped downwards. Kiya’s heart went out to the nomads. She should never have put them on the cliff top, their stones were no match for the giant. She hoped they would have the sense to flee before he killed them all.
The giant struck again and his hand must have hit an obelisk for he gave a shriek of pain and peered more closely at the cliff top. A shower of arrows rose up. The Nubians had arrived. Startled by the stinging arrows the giant stepped backwards. He slipped upon the muddy remains of destroyed houses and lost his footing. For a few moments his arms flailed the air as he tried to regain his balance and then he fell heavily on his back. Kiya felt the ground shake beneath her feet at the impact of his landing.
The giant must have struck his head against the cliff, for he lay still as if stunned. A flash of lightning lit the sky and Kiya could see men rush to a large, sharply-pointed obelisk, which stood outlined on the cliff top above the giant’s head. The men pushed with all their strength. At first the mighty granite column held fast and then it toppled over the cliff. It hurtled downwards, accelerating as it went, until it hit the giant’s head with the speed of a javelin.
A blood curdling screech echoed through the pouring rain. The giant sat up and Kiya could see that the obelisk was poking from his eye. He clawed at his face and managed to dislodge the improvised weapon, but it had done its damage. With a moan the giant staggered to his feet and held out his hands, trying to feel for the cliff. More arrows were fired at him, but he ignored them and felt his way blindly along the rock face until he reached the end of the escarpment and escaped.
Kiya watched the giant stagger away from the city, following the other monsters north towards the delta. What fate awaited him? she wondered. Would he drown in the sea or die in the desert? Without sight even the most powerful creature was doomed.
A crowd of people rushed down the road towards her.
“My house has been crushed!”
“There was a terrible giant!”
“My daughter is missing.”
“Take cover!” shouted Kiya, for above them she could see a winged serpent dive to the attack. A bolt of lightning struck the building beside her and its wall crumbled. Kiya leapt though the hole created by the strike and found herself confronted by a woman clutching a baby.
“Quick! We must find a place to hide,” Kiya cried.
All three of them crouched behind the kitchen counter and listened to the noises coming from outside. They heard shouting and screaming and the booming roar of thunder. Then, at last, there was silence, broken only by the constant patter of the rain.
“What is happening?” said the woman. “Where is all this water coming from?” The kitchen floor was wet with muddy rainwater. It was pouring down the staircase, making each step a miniature waterfall. Kiya could see that the brick treads were already starting to crumble.
“It is raining,” Kiya told the woman. “The water falls in droplets from clouds in the sky.”
“I have never seen such a thing!” said the woman and she frowned at Kiya as if blaming her for the phenomenon.
“It will not hurt you, but do not go into the street, for the city is being invaded. You and the baby should be safe if you hide in the yard.”
The woman clutched the baby to her breast and stared out into the rain-soaked yard at the back of the house. “We will get wet,” she cried.
“If you stay in the house the roof might fall,” said Kiya. The woman stared at her uncomprehendingly and made no move to leave her unstable refuge. “I beg of you, for the baby’s sake,” said Kiya, but the woman glared at her and held the baby more tightly.
“I think it’s time you went,” she said.
“Yes,” agreed Kiya. “I thank you for providing sanctuary. May the gods protect you.” She stepped through the shattered hole in the wall of the building and hoped the woman would think again about her warning.
Kiya walked down the street, nervous of what she might find. There were charred bodies lying on the road. She checked them to see if any were still alive, but all were dead – their features distorted and their eyes blank. She rolled over one corpse and recognised the man who had lost his daughter. Rain pattered down onto his blackened skin and the smell of burnt flesh filled her nostrils.
Kiya shuddered and looked around for survivors. The deserted street stretched in both directions with no sign of life. Surely, some people must have escaped the lightning strikes and the flaming breath of the storm serpent, thought Kiya. She hoped they had found safe shelter.

Chapter One hundred and thirty: Invasion
Kiya made her way to the southern boundary of the city, where Nakht’s troops were stationed. She kept close to the walls of the houses so she would not be spotted by Seth and his serpents.
Sounds of battle came sooner than she expected. Shouts, screams and the crashing noise of destruction filled the air. An acrid stench grew stronger as she rounded a corner and saw a creature that must have come from the depths of man’s nightmares.
A massive lizard straddled the street. Its splayed legs stood on ruined houses on either side. From its gaping jaws trailed strings of saliva. A drip from one of the slimy strands fell on the road. Kiya watched in astonishment as the sand hissed and bubbled as if attacked by acid.
The monster swung its head from side to side and gobbets of saliva flew into the air. A soldier near Kiya lifted his shield to protect himself and Kiya could smell the acid as it ate into the leather covering.
How could such a monster be stopped? wondered Kiya. Soldiers had scrambled over the fallen buildings and were stabbing at the lizard’s sides with their spears, but it took little notice as the weapons slid and broke against its armoured skin.
The creature turned and buried its snout into one of the buildings that it had just crushed. With huge, curved claws it raked away the rubble to reveal the body of a woman. This it seized in its teeth, raised its head and flung her into the air before swallowing her.
“Has the road not been cleared of people?” Kiya asked a nearby soldier.
He looked at her and his eyes were glazed like those of a dead man. Kiya realised that he was in too much shock to give her an answer so she ran to find Nakht.
The Grand Vizier was standing well back from his troops, but his copper-plated armour made him easy to spot.
“You must clear the area of people,” Kiya said as she ran up to him.
He frowned at her insolence. “Everything is under control.”
“The monster has penetrated too far into the city. Soon the temple will be at risk. We need to send for Ana!” Kiya shouted to Nakht, her voice scarcely audible above the din of conflict.
“We need no Cretans to fight our battles,” said the Grand Vizier.
“They have star-metal weapons, which may pierce this creature’s hide,” said Kiya.
“We must not be beholden to another country,” said the stubborn, old man.
Shrieking sounds made Kiya look up and she saw a flock of great, black birds wheeling overhead. One dived low and flicked its tail. A shower of metal feathers hurtled towards the soldiers. One of the men was hit. He clutched his leg and Kiya could see blood pumping from a deep wound in his thigh. Gory fountains spouted between his fingers and trickled down to his sandals.
The lizard’s tongue flicked out, sensing the smell of blood. It turned its head towards the wounded man. Once again the tongue flicked out, long and yellow with a deeply forked end, searching for the injured prey. Desperately the man tried to limp to safety but the creature lunged at him and picked him up in its teeth.
Kiya heard him scream as he was thrown into the air. For a long moment he seemed to fly, arms and legs flailing, then he fell into the lizard’s gaping mouth and the screaming stopped.
Shaken, she turned once more to Nakht. “You need reinforcements or the fight will be lost.”
Nakht did not reply and without further argument Kiya turned and ran, determined to fetch Ana and her chariots to stop the dreadful beast.
Kiya kept to narrow streets where she could hide from the eyes of those who rode the thunder clouds. She stopped when she reached the main square of the city. It was a huge open space but she knew that the Cretan chariots were waiting down a side street on the other side. She wondered if she should skirt around the edges of the square, but it would take too long. Frantic to halt the lizard’s progress, she ignored the inner voice that urged caution and started to run across the square. She was barely half way across when a lookout emerged from the shadows on the other side.
“Nakht needs the chariots,” she shouted to him.
He raised a hand in acknowledgement and then he pointed to the sky above her.
“Watch out!” he shouted.
Kiya stopped, turned and looked upwards. A bird with metal feathers was circling high above, almost invisible against the black thunderclouds. It dived towards her. The air rushing through its feathers made a blood-curdling scream as it plummeted downwards.
Seth must have heard the sound for he looked down from his vantage point above the clouds. He was huge, as big as any giant, and the clouds billowed around him as if he sat upon a throne. For a moment Kiya stared up at her father, transfixed by shock and awe. Then, as he flung a bolt of lightening towards her, she turned and ran.
In double jeopardy she raced for cover, knowing that she would never reach the side of the square alive. Above her head she heard whump and then a thump as the charred body of the bird fell to the ground in front of her. Terror had taken the strength from Kiya’s legs. She could scarcely stand and yet she managed to avoid the corpse and stagger to the side of the square and into the shelter of a doorway.
She turned to stare at the mound of melted feathers and burnt flesh. What had happened? How had she survived? Was it possible that the lightening aimed at her had been attracted to the metal plumage of the bird?
There was the rumble of wheels and the sound of galloping horses as the Cretan war chariots charged through the square, crushing the remains of the fallen bird. Ana was driving the lead chariot. She raised her hand in greeting when she saw Kiya.
Kiya waved back and watched as the chariots hurtled past her. They galloped away and there was silence in the square, broken only by the patter of rain.
It took a while for Kiya’s thundering heart to slow to a normal beat. She crouched in the doorway and wondered how Dennu was managing the defence of the temple. The King and Meri would both be there and she was anxious to help protect them.
She stood up and peered out from her refuge. It was still raining, heavy drops splashed into the puddles that were growing on the floor of the square. She remembered that Huy would be waiting for the arrival of the inkanyamba. Before anything else she must check that her uncle and his men were holding back the dreaded river monster.

Chapter One hundred and thirty one: At the Riverside
When Kiya reached the river she saw that the inkanyamba had arrived. Its many heads rose above the quayside, where Huy and his men confronted it.
The monster was trying to get on land. A huge flipper rested on the quay and Kiya could see that its body was elongated like that of an eel. Most of it was still under water, but it looked as long and thick as the snake that had terrorised Thebes.
As she watched, a soldier crept towards it, keeping to the edge of the river so he was unnoticed by the heads. When he was near enough he stabbed into its body with his spear, burying the shaft up to the hilt in the soft flesh.
The monster screamed and, as the soldier struggled to retrieve his spear, a head turned and swooped down upon him. With one crunch the soldier was crushed in the inkanyamba’s jaws. The monster did not pause to eat its victim. The mangled remains were spat out and the head turned to confront the soldiers who were attempting to stop it getting onto the land.
Huy took advantage of the animal’s momentary distraction to leap forwards and hack at one of the necks. The star-metal sword he had been given by the Cretans was sharp enough to slice through muscle and bone in a single stroke. The severed head fell to the ground trailing a cubit of neck, so it looked like a gigantic tadpole as it wriggled on the quayside.
Huy sprang back as more heads lunged at him. Other soldiers distracted the inkanyamba by shouting and waving their weapons. The creature reared up, its many necks spreading like a fan. With a multiple roar of frustration it stepped back from the quay, its flipper splashing down into the water.
Kiya watched the severed head gnash its jaws and squirm towards Huy as if seeking revenge.
“Watch out Huy!” she yelled, but she need not have worried. A soldier with a long oar swiped at the head and sent it rolling across the ground. He batted again and again until he managed to sink it into a pit.
Kiya glanced into the pit. It was two cubits deep and a hand span of water had seeped into the bottom. Six heads were lashing about in the water. Cruel eyes looked up at Kiya and mouths snarled showing wicked teeth. How terrible it would be to fall into such a pit, she thought.
Six heads had been severed, but there were many more. Kiya looked at the monster and saw that the decapitated necks were already growing new heads. The ends, which so recently had been oozing blood, were now swelling as swiftly as a bullfrog’s chest. Embryonic eyes and mouths were etched into the bulbous growths and Kiya knew that that the inkanyamba would soon regain its full potential.
Huy stepped back to join her. “How can you defeat such a creature?” she asked.
“We cannot,” he said. “All we can do is stop it emerging from the Nile. As long as it stays within the river it cannot attack the city.”
“Nakht is busy tackling a giant lizard,” said Kiya. “I doubt if it is possible to send you reinforcements.”
Huy grinned. “Don’t look so anxious, Kiya. We will manage.”
Kiya felt a wave of gratitude. “If you are sure you are all right, I must go to the palace and check upon Dennu.”
“Go, Kiya, your place is at his side protecting Meri and the King.”
As she ran through the streets of Akhetaten towards the palace Kiya saw the destruction wrought by the rain. Houses were crumbling and, despite danger from the attacking monsters, people were emerging onto the streets.
Many eyes were turned to the sky where Seth’s thunderclouds churned menacingly. Bolts of lightning and the flaming breath of flying serpents lit the blackened sky. The terrified populace wailed and moaned at the sight.
“What is happening? I am soaking wet.”
“The gods are angry that their temples have been closed.”
“The gates of the underworld have opened. We are all going to die!”
Kiya had to swerve into the centre of the street to avoid a collapsing house. High above her she sensed a sharpening of attention. She looked up and saw a dragon’s eyes upon her. He was as huge as a flaming snake and with the same leathery wings, but he had legs and as he flew between the thunderclouds, she saw that they were equipped with sharp, curved claws.
She did not pause to check on the inhabitants of the house, nor to try to calm the frightened people. She ran on, keeping within the shadows of the crumbling buildings. It was better to risk being trapped by their collapse than to expose herself to the attention of the dragon.
She paused when she reached the processional route that led to the temple and looked to the left and to the right. Both the temple and the sanctuary appeared to be undamaged. Rain had no effect upon their stone walls and they showed no sign of having been attacked. Between them the road stretched wide and empty.
Dennu and his soldiers stood at the entrance to the temple, their shields up and their spears at the ready.
Kiya looked up and saw no sign of the dragon. She left the shelter of the side road and ran towards the temple.
Dennu hurried towards her, but had only gone a few paces when he stopped and looked upwards. “Watch out,” he screamed.
Kiya looked over her shoulder and saw the dragon swooping down to attack her. She ran as fast as she could and Dennu rushed forwards, his shield held high to defend her. Kiya dived towards the protective shield and felt a blast of flame seer her legs. She crashed to the ground, crying out in agony. Dennu was standing over her.
“No,” she moaned, wanting him to get back to the safety of his men.
Then he was gone. She rolled over onto her back and saw that he had been captured by the dragon. With slow beats of its leathery wings it flew away, clasping Dennu in its claws.
Dennu was still holding his sword and Kiya saw him struggle to turn and stab at the dragon. He must have succeeded for, as the beast flew over the palace, it gave a shriek and dropped its intended prey. Kiya saw Dennu plummet downwards from a great height and feared that no man could survive such a fall.

Chapter One hundred and thirty two: In the Temple
Kiya lay, stunned by the loss of Dennu. The pain in her legs drew her attention back to her own plight. She turned to the soldiers, who were still staring after the departing dragon.
“Help me!” she cried.
One of them ran forwards and dragged her to her feet.
“Ouch!” Her burnt flesh throbbed and ached in protest at having to bear her weight. She bit back her cry of pain and managed to hobble towards the temple with his arm around her waist. As she did so a movement caught her eye and she smelt the stench of swamp gas - something had taken advantage of the distracted soldiers and had gained entry to the temple.
“Quick, follow that monster,” she shouted to the soldiers. They stared at her as if she had gone mad. “Something has entered the temple!” she yelled, but they took no notice. She turned to the soldier who had helped her. “Come with me, we must protect the King.”
He shook his head. “Our orders are to remain on guard at the entrance.”
“Then I must go alone.”
She pushed through the line of soldiers. They made no attempt to stop her as she limped into the temple. Ahead of her the great open space of the main courtyard stretched to the far dais. All was empty, there was no sign of movement, but in the sand that had drifted across the stone slabs of the floor she could see the ladder-like tracks of a desert viper.
She glanced up at the churning clouds and then made her way around the sides of the temple, hidden from enemies in the sky by the arcade of columns. Her legs were still capable of movement but they hurt abominably. Dennu must have shielded her from the worst of the blast, but in doing so had exposed himself to the dragon. Guilt and grief filled her heart in equal parts. She frowned and reminded herself that the time for grieving was after the battle. There was still work to be done.
Behind the dais was the entrance to the inner temple. Two men stood on guard and Kiya’s heart lifted when she saw that she had reinforcements.
“Come with me,” she called to them. “The temple has been invaded. We must guard the King.”
They stood upright staring at her but, as she approached, they continued to look into the distance and when she touched one of them on the shoulder he made no response. They must be hypnotised, thought Kiya with dismay.
She smelt a whiff of swamp gas from beyond them and so she pulled her javelin from her belt and hurried past, staggering on her damaged legs.
An amazing sight met her eyes. King Ikhnaton stood in the inner courtyard with his arms outstretched towards a snake-woman as if he was welcoming the monster. Kiya stopped and stared, confused by what was happening.
The snake woman stood, swaying before the King. She had a woman’s torso from the waist upwards, but her hips swelled to become the body of a snake. Her thick, scaly tail was coiled upon the ground holding her upright at the height of a human.
“Nephertiti!” said the King and took a step towards the snake woman. Her wide, thin-lipped mouth curved into a smile, which revealed toothless gums. Long fangs unfolded, as if they were hinged, and from their tips a purple slime oozed. How could Ikhnaton think that such a creature was his departed wife?
Soon the King would be in striking distance. He raised a foot to take another step forwards.
“Stop,” called out Kiya. The snake woman turned and her round, lidless eyes fixed upon Kiya. They seemed to spin within their sockets and suddenly Kiya was looking at Anubis, but there was no honeyed scent, just the stench of swamp gas. She was not fooled and she raised her javelin.
The snake woman turned into Dennu, smiling at her and with a lock of black hair falling over his forehead as it had in his youth. It took a supreme effort of will for Kiya to throw the javelin.
As it left her hand the snake woman became Khamet. Kiya watched in astonishment as the javelin hit Khamet between the eyes. For a terrible moment her mesmerized brain thought she might have killed her friend and then the monster morphed back into her true form.
The snake woman looped backwards and then fell to the ground. She writhed and shuddered and then lay still. She was dead. The javelin still stuck upright from her head.
Ikhnaton was screaming and Kiya hurried to him, every step agony as her burnt flesh cracked and hardened.
“It is over. You are safe. The creature is dead.”
“I thought you had killed Nephertiti,” sobbed the King. “What was that thing?”
“A snake woman,” said Kiya. “She had the ability to hypnotise.”
The world started to swim around her. Kiya’s legs gave way and she sank to the ground. As she slumped, clinging to consciousness, she felt the power of Meri’s love and raised her head to look for her son. He came from one of the buildings that lined the courtyard of the inner temple and walked towards her. He still resembled a six-year-old boy of great beauty but an aura surrounded him that was so strong that he seemed to walk in a golden glow. As he drew near he held out his arms. She expected him to stop as he had before but he came right up to her, knelt down and put his arms around her.
“Oh, Meri,” she sighed. “What a terrible world I have brought you into.” She embraced him tenderly and felt his healing power, like a tide, surge through her body. For a long moment she clung to her son, then he kissed her on the cheek and stepped away.
Through a veil of tears, she saw him raise his hands to the sky as if in summons. Far above was a speck of white against the dark clouds. It grew larger until it became recognisable as a huge bird, which settled on the sand beside him.
Kiya recognised the roc, the great, white eagle, who was a friend of the gods. It stretched its neck low, its beak almost resting on the ground as if it was worshipping the child. Meri stroked its head and then climbed onto its back.
“Are you leaving me?” cried Kiya.
She felt his love, strong and reassuring. Then the roc took off and flew into the air, spiralling upwards towards the storm.

Chapter One hundred and thirty three: The Power of Love
Kiya rose to her feet and watched the roc fly upwards with Meri on its back. She stood without pain and realised that her wounded legs had been healed. Filled with love and gratitude she watched her darling child being carried into danger.
“Come back,” she cried. “Please don’t go. You will be killed!” But her words disappeared into the air and he flew onwards towards a sky, which churned and blackened until it seemed that night had fallen upon the city.
Kiya was momentarily distracted by the two guards of the inner temple, who rushed past her.
“Your Majesty, you must find safety.” They led the Ikhnaton towards one of the temple buildings.
“Are you coming, Kiya?” asked the King.
“No, sire.” She turned her eyes back to where Meri and the roc had reached the menacing banks of cloud.
Seth emerged in the form of a giant, his red hair streaming from his head like fire. He glared at the boy, who looked as fragile as a butterfly against the brutal power of the immortal.
Boy and bird shone brightly against the darkness of the sky as the roc hovered like a hawk, forming an easy target for Seth’s thunderbolts. Kiya shouted a warning. Her cry was echoed from outside the temple as people gathered in the streets to watch the battle in the sky.
Seth gave a triumphant laugh and hurled a shaft of lightening, like a spear. Kiya’s shout turned into a scream and then the lightening shattered against an invisible shield and she gasped with relief.
Screams and shouts of surprise came from all around the temple as a spherical shield around Meri and the bird became illuminated by the electrical storm.
“He is safe,” rejoiced Kiya and she heard cheering as Seth hurled bolt after bolt at the smiling child.
As Seth grew angrier the clouds boiled like water in a cauldron and scarlet storm serpents writhed in and out of the blackness. Some dived upon Meri, fire blazing from their mouths, only to hit the shield and veer away.
The air around Kiya became electric with the power of Seth’s attack and beneath her feet she felt the ground begin to shake. People had stopped cheering and Kiya heard squeals of fear as a mighty earthquake hit the city. All around Kiya the walls of the temple began to tremble.
Kiya ran to the centre of the main courtyard. Was this the end of Egypt? Had Seth won, after all? She looked to the north, where a distant column of fire and smoke rose into the air. The dragon beneath Crete had woken – even the island was doomed.
“Have mercy!” she screamed at Seth who stared downward in hideous satisfaction at the destruction below. It was Meri’s chance. The child threw out his arms, as if to embrace the immortal, and a beam of light shone from him illuminating the storm god in a brilliant, white glow.
Seth immediately responded by hurling two lightning bolts. Kiya watched in shock as her child took the bolts full on the chest and was knocked from the roc.
What happened to his defences? Kiya realised at once that Meri would be unable to shine a beam upon Seth while protected by the shield. She watched in dismay as her child’s body fell downwards as gently as thistledown.
The earth stood still. Clouds parted and a shaft of sunlight pierced the gloom. Meri fell, drifting down the golden pathway. Above him the roc circled once and then flew north towards the delta. Down and down Meri floated until he neared the ground and his descent was hidden by the walls of the courtyard.
Kiya started to run to where she thought he might have landed. As she left the temple and hurried towards the main square of the city, the shaft of sunlight widened until the clouds disappeared and the world became bright once more.
There was a crowd of people in the square all staring at something on the ground. Kiya pushed through them and found Meri, lying as peacefully as though he was asleep, his body undamaged by either the lightning strike or the fall.
Could he be alive? The people stood respectfully at a distance but Kiya rushed to Meri’s side. She could not sense the familiar outpouring of love and when she lifted his hand and placed it to her lips, there was no tingle of energy. His essence was no longer there.
There was a flutter of movement beside her and Kiya turned to see Seth in the guise of a man. He stood unrecognised by the people he had so recently terrorised.
“Does your child live?” he asked and there was no anger in his face, just a deep concern.
“No. You have killed him,” said Kiya. She watched in astonishment as her father brushed away a tear.
“He did not have to die,” he said. “Did you see? He lowered the shield himself, it was not I who did so.”
“How else could he fight you?” said Kiya. “He sacrificed himself to save Egypt from your revenge.”
“The child has destroyed the anger in my heart. I find it hard to understand the rage which fuelled my actions.”
“Thousands have died.”
“I know. I have called off the monsters and I will allow the Nile to flood once more.”
“What about remorse?” said Kiya. “I hope you are sorry for what you have done.”
There was a murmur of wonder from the crowd that surrounded them. Kiya turned and saw that Meri’s body had become translucent. He was fading away. As she watched him disappear the true extent of her loss hit her and she started to weep. Huge sobs racked her body. She felt a comforting hand upon her shoulder, it gave a brief squeeze and was gone. When she looked up Seth, too, had vanished.
The people around Kiya reacted to her grief and magnified it a thousand-fold, weeping and wailing and tearing at their clothes in an outburst of mourning. Slowly Kiya got to her feet and made her way out of the crowd. She felt as if her heart was breaking and yet she must summon the courage to face more sadness. She must find the body of Dennu.

Chapter One hundred and thirty four: The Final Blow
There were guards at the palace gate, although the walls had crumbled and anybody could access the complex through the rubble. As Kiya came towards them they recognised her and saluted.
“What is happening, my Lady?” asked one of them.
“The battle is over,” she told them. “We have won, but it has been at a great price. Akhetaten is in ruins and the child, Meri, has been killed.”
The guards looked stricken by the news. “No, not the child!” said one. “How can we survive without him? He has saved the city from starvation.”
“I hear that he was of wondrous goodness,” said the other.
“He was indeed,” said Kiya and fought back her tears at the thought that she would never feel his love again. “I believe Lord Dennu might be injured within the palace grounds. I go to find him.”
“Do you need help?” asked one of the soldiers.
Kiya smiled and shook her head. “I can manage. You must leave to look after your families.”
They thanked her and Kiya hurried into the palace. The destruction within the ramparts was as total as the destruction without. Kiya climbed over the remains of the courtyard wall and entered the garden. Some walls of the palace were still standing but others had fallen exposing the rooms within.
Servants were wandering among the wreckage trying to salvage what they could. Chests, tables, chairs, dishes, goblets, linens, all were being stacked upon the lawn. Kiya remembered the splendour of the banquet. How quickly the glories of the palace had been destroyed. She prayed that Laylos was not hurt – nor Itet nor Vitane.
A servant girl came past carrying a footstool. “Have you seen Lord Dennu?” Kiya asked her.
“No, my Lady.”
Kiya turned towards the garden. Did Dennu’s body lie there? She hurried across the lawn. Ahead of her she saw that many trees had been felled by the earthquake, their bare roots and broken branches a testament to the forces unleashed upon the city. Beyond the devastated grove, the lake shone in the sunshine, its peaceful surface showing no sign of the recent holocaust. A figure lay upon the shore.
Kiya ran to the recumbent body, her heart beating so fast that she thought it might burst. It was Dennu. He lay face down upon the grass, his legs still submerged in the water among the crushed reeds. He must have fallen into the lake and survived long enough to crawl out, thought Kiya. But there was no sign of movement now. Was he still alive?
With desperate hands she turned his body over and saw that he was as pale as linen. She fell to her knees beside him and laid a hand on his chest. It was still warm but she could feel no movement - he had ceased to breathe. She remembered Ogjeno beside the river in Nubia and how Ana had restored his life.
Praying that she had remembered correctly, Kiya pinched Dennu’s nostrils together, pressed her lips against his and breathed into his lungs. His chest rose and, when she lifted her head, it fell again. She paused but he did not continue to breathe on his own and so she repeated the process.
She would have repeated this facsimile of life forever, so great was her reluctance to lose him, but eventually Dennu coughed and spluttered and took in a shuddering breath.
“You are alive!” Kiya cried and felt a surge of joy lift her heavy heart.
Dennu opened his eyes. “My life is yours, Kiya,” he said and there was a look of such love and gratitude in his eyes that it was as if their past troubles had vanished and they were young and in love once more.
She bent towards him and he reached up to pull her close. Their lips met in a long and lingering kiss then Kiya heard a voice cry, “Dennu!” She looked up and saw Itet come running across the lawn.
Sadly, Kiya knew that this would be the last time she and Dennu would embrace. This had been their farewell kiss. Without a word she stood up and walked towards Dennu’s pregnant wife.
“Thank the Aten you are safe, Kiya,” said Itet. Her anxious face looked past Kiya to where Dennu still lay among the rushes. “What has happened to my Lord Dennu?”
“He has been dropped into the lake by a dragon,” said Kiya. “He will need much care.” Itet gave a little moan of distress and hurried to his side.
Kiya continued to walk towards the ruin that had once been Dennu’s house. A figure appeared from behind a bush and confronted her. It was the dwarf Bes and he held a slender dagger in his hand. His ugly features were contorted with spite.
“You think you have won, Kiya,” he spat. “You wicked girl, hated by your father. There will be no victory for you today.”
He lunged at her. Kiya dodged and reached for her javelin. To her dismay she realised it was no longer in her belt, She must have left it in the temple when the snake woman had been killed.
“You are wrong,” she said. “Seth no longer hates me. We have become reconciled.”
“Then it is I who hate you,” he said and lunged again. This time he scored a hit, the dagger sliced through her shift and wounded her in the thigh.
She looked at the crimson bloom growing upon the white linen and then she turned and ran towards Dennu. He was on his feet staring in shock at what was happening. He and Itet both ran towards her.
“We are too late to catch him, he has gone,” said Dennu.
“Was that Bes?” said Itet in astonishment. “Oh, my poor Kiya. He has stabbed you in the leg.”
“It is a mere flesh wound,” said Kiya, but her leg was becoming numb and she staggered as she tried to walk.
Dennu and Itet stood on either side of her, their arms around her waist. “We must get her back to the house,” said Dennu. “Her aunt will know what to do. She is a medicine woman of great experience.”
The world began to fade around Kiya and she struggled to maintain consciousness. The last thing she knew, Dennu had lifted her into his arms and was carrying her close to his heart.

Chapter One hundred and thirty five: Goodbye
When Kiya woke she found herself in Dennu’s bed. The room was damaged and she could see a radiant blue sky where part of the ceiling had fallen in. She was being held in Laylos’s arms. A beaker was at her mouth and her aunt was urging her to drink. Kiya obediently swallowed the bitter-tasting medicine.
“Well done, my darling,” said Laylos.
“Is she awake?” asked Huy. He was standing beside Laylos and looking at Kiya with an expression of concern.
“I think so,” said Laylos.
“What happened to your water monster, Huy?” said Kiya in a voice that was little more than a whisper. “I am so glad to see you survived.”
Huy smiled at her and said. “Nature achieved what we failed to do, for when the earthquake struck, a chasm opened up across the Nile. The river poured into the earth’s depths in such a torrent that the monster was dragged down with it. The crack in the earth closed again and the Nile flowed peacefully once more. It was a miracle.”
“And the heads?” asked Kiya.
“They died when the body they came from was destroyed. The world is well rid of such a beast.”
Kiya looked around. “Where is Dennu?” she asked.
“He has been summoned by the King,” said Laylos. “But we have many waiting outside who wish to see you. Do you feel strong enough?”
Kiya tried to sit more upright in the bed, but her legs failed to respond. Indeed, she could not feel them at all, it was as if they had died, while the rest of her body still lived.
“What is wrong with me, Laylos?” she said.
“Are you strong enough for the truth, my darling?”
Kiya saw tears in her aunt’s eyes and she knew that the truth was terrible. “I think so,” she faltered.
“The knife with which Bes stabbed you was smeared with poison. There is no antidote, although I hope I have managed to delay its action with my medicine.”
Kiya felt panic claw at her mind. “What will happen to me?” she asked.
Huy turned away as if to hide his emotion but Laylos answered bravely. “It is a muscle relaxant and will work its way up your body until your heart stops beating and you can no longer breathe.”
“I am too young to die!” Kiya felt tears of self pity well up into her eyes.
“Have courage, Kiya,” said her aunt. “To die bravely is as important as to live bravely. Many friends are waiting to say goodbye. To see your fortitude will be a comfort to them.”
“Do they know I am dying?” said Kiya.
“Yes,” said her aunt and she brushed away Kiya’s tears with a cool, damp piece of linen. “But they do not know that you know. Have pity on them and allow them to say their farewells with dignity.”
“Don’t let them in yet. I am not ready,” cried Kiya. “Will it be painful to die such a death?” She tried to reach out to hold her aunt’s hand but her arm felt like stone and barely moved.
Laylos took her hand. “I do not think so, but it is important that you remain calm and do not panic. I have belladonna ready for when the end comes.”
“How can I bear to leave you, Laylos? It breaks my heart to be parted from those I love.” Kiya was finding it difficult to speak as the poison affected her throat.
Laylos frowned. “We have little time left, Kiya. Please allow your friends to pay their respects.”
“Very well,” whispered Kiya and she allowed Laylos to plump up the cushions behind her back so she was sitting more upright.
Huy went to the door and ushered Sabu and Ogjeno into the room. Battle had forged a friendship between the two young men. Ogjeno looked magnificent a leopard-skin tunic and feathered headdress. Sabu, although dressed more modestly in dark robes, also looked a warrior with huge curved scimitar in his belt. They walked across the room, full of youth and vigour and yet apprehensive in the presence of death.
Kiya managed to smile at them, although her lips felt numb.
“Ogjeno came with his warriors. His archers saved my people from destruction,” said Sabu.
“It was Sabu’s idea to use the obelisk as a weapon and save us all from the giant with the evil eye,” said Ogjeno. The two men smiled at each other and looked at Kiya as if for praise.
“You were both wonderful,” she said, but her lips failed to work properly and the words were blurred.
Sabu sank to his knees beside her. “I owe you everything, my Lady,” he said. “When you are well you will be honoured by my tribe and shown all the wonders of the desert and its hidden oases.”
“And I will show you the Savannah and the multitude of animals that roam across its wide grasslands,” said Ogjeno.
Kiya smiled at each of them in turn and saw tears in their eyes.
“It is time to say goodbye,” said Huy. First Sabu, then Ogjeno raised her unresponsive hand to their lips and kissed it. Kiya watched them walk slowly from the room.
Ana came next. She sat on the bed next to Kiya. “I hear you have been wounded by treachery instead of in battle,” she said. “Nevertheless you are a heroine and I honour you.”
Kiya tried to smile but her lips scarcely moved. Ana frowned as she realised how quickly the poison was working and, for the first time, Kiya saw emotion in her face. “You above all woman I would have chosen to rule Crete at my side,” she said. “I have vowed never to let a man break my heart, but my heart has been touched.” She laid a cool hand on Kiya’s forehead and then abruptly rose to her feet and left the room.
Kiya was finding it difficult to breath and her heart was starting to judder, she could feel the unnatural rhythm and it frightened her. She looked at Laylos, who was immediately aware of the panic in her eyes.
“Drink this,” she said and held a beaker to Kiya’s lips. Kiya recognised the unpleasant taste of belladonna and drank with difficulty through a paralysed mouth.
The drug calmed her and she relaxed against the pillow with her eyes closed. She tried to make her chest rise and fall but every breath became increasingly difficult. She heard Huy say. “Lord Dennu is waiting outside, should we let him in?”
“I think he is too late,” said Laylos.
Kiya heard footsteps and then Dennu’s voice said. “How is she?”
“Do you not know?” said Laylos. “Kiya is dying.”
“I know but I cannot believe it, she looks so beautiful lying there. I will pay to have her body embalmed before I leave so her ka can live forever.”
“You are leaving?” said Huy.
“Yes, indeed. King Ikhnaton has seen the destruction of the holy city as a sign from the Aten that Egypt is not ready for the new religion. He is leading an exodus to find a new country that has been promised to him by the one true god.”
“It is an impossible mission,” said Laylos.
“With the power of the Aten anything is possible,” said Dennu. “Why not come with us, Huy? It will be a great adventure.”
“No thank you,” said Huy. “I have a wife and will soon have a child. A journey into the wilderness would not be suitable for a woman.”
“Kiya would have enjoyed it,” said Dennu. “I have never known such a woman of courage. It was foolish of me to think she would be happy in harem. I truly loved her, Laylos.” His voice choked as if he was trying to hold back tears.
“Not enough to give up your ambitions,” said Laylos tartly.
“We all have our destiny to follow,” said Dennu. Kiya felt his lips against her cheek and then his footsteps left the room.
Kiya lay in bed and felt the blessing of Neter bathe her in the warmth of his love and gratitude.
As she opened her soul to the unknowable god, one of the great wonders of creation was revealed to her. She imagined that she was floating in a void and beneath her she could see many worlds, each with a valley of the Nile, like a long, green oasis in the surrounding desert.
In one world the gods of Egypt were but figments of man’s imagination and Kiya lived an untroubled life beside the Nile, as a dancer then a farmer’s wife with many happy children and grandchildren.
In another world she accompanied Dennu through the wilderness to find the new land promised by the Aten. In another she ruled with Ana in Crete, in another she became immortal and spent eternity with Anubis.
Which is my world? wondered Kiya. As if in answer came the realisation that they all were. There were many worlds and many Kiyas and every one lived a different life in a parallel reality. Kiya’s mind whirled as she tried to understand the strangeness that Neter had shown her.
In this reality she was dying, killed by treachery when the battle had ended. In this world she had to leave those she loved before her life had been lived.
It broke her heart to say goodbye but she knew that on other worlds she was with them still.
Kiya felt her heart stop beating. As she drew in her last breath, the scent of honey filled her nostrils and she knew that Anubis had come to see her. He was her first love and she was glad he was there at the end. As darkness overwhelmed her, her last thoughts were of him

Chapter One Hundred and Thirty Six: A New Beginning
Kiya’s ka left her body and looked down at herself lying on the bed. Time must have passed for Huy and Laylos were standing, clutched in each other’s arms and weeping. There was no sign of Anubis.
The ka rose slowly upwards, drawn inexorable towards the heavens. Kiya fluttered her wings, trying to remain close to her body. Would Dennu honour his promise and embalm her corpse so her soul would live forever?
Somebody grabbed her legs and held them tight. She flapped her wings frantically trying to escape, but to no avail. She was pulled downwards and found herself face to face with Isis. The goddess smiled at her.
“I owe you a life, Kiya,” she said.
Kiya stopped struggling and allowed herself to be positioned close to her dead body’s mouth. Then Isis struck a blow upon the chest of the corpse and the mouth opened to take in a juddering breath. Kiya’s ka was sucked in and her body lived once more.
Laylos turned at the sound of Kiya’s first breath and gave a scream of astonishment. Huy also turned and saw the miracle.
“You have come back to us!” he cried and knelt as if to worship her.
“I should have know you would cheat death, Kiya!” said her aunt and threw herself upon the bed to give Kiya a hug. “But what happened? How have you managed to return to life?”
“Isis restored my ka,” said Kiya. She could speak clearly now and her body tingled as her newly-beating heart pushed blood around stagnant arteries.
“But how? Why?” Laylos struggled to understand the strangeness of the resurrection.
“I restored the ka of her husband, Osiris, so she was under an obligation to me.”
“Well, I would never have expected gratitude from that dreadful woman!” said Laylos.
“Shush,” said Kiya. “I am eternally grateful to her.” She gave Laylos another hug and a kiss and then held out her arms to embrace Huy.
“Dear, Kiya,” said Huy and she could feel the roughness of his unshaven cheek as he kissed her. “We were heartbroken when we thought we had lost you.”
“I am so pleased to be back.”
“How are you feeling, my dear?” asked Laylos.
“I felt a little strange at first,” said Kiya, “but I am fine now, apart from the wound on my leg which still throbs. The poison must have left my body.”
“That is the way with such poisons,” said Laylos. “They are derived from the venom of snakes. The body can destroy them, but not before they have done their evil work.” She rose from the bed. “Now, less talking my dear, you must be exhausted after your ordeal. I shall get you a goblet of beer.”
Kiya looked around as Laylos left the ruined room. “I fear that little remains of Akhetaten,” she said to her uncle. “Will the city be rebuilt?”
Huy shook his head. “Not by Ikhnaton. He has announced his abdication and thinks of nothing but the exodus.”
“Has a new king been chosen?”
“Yes, but he is just a child and will be advised by a council of elders. Let us hope they encourage him to forget this Aten nonsense and restore the old gods.”
“I agree,” said Kiya.
Laylos returned with a goblet, which she handed to Kiya. “The harem is empty,” she said. “The servants are gone and Itet has left with Dennu. It is fortunate that there are still beer barrels in the kitchen.”
Kiya thanked her aunt and took a deep draught of the refreshing liquid. “Will you be returning to Thebes?” she asked.
“Yes, indeed,” said Laylos. “I have heard it is undamaged, apart from the fire caused by the winged snake. Perhaps our apartment might still be available. There is room enough for me to have a baby there and we will be close to Ramala.”
“What about food?” asked Kiya. “Without Meri there will be famine.” She felt a pang of grief at the thought of her lost child and knew that there would always be a place for him in her heart.
“The famine will soon be over,” said Huy. The Nile has flooded at last and the farmers will be able to plant. We should have enough grain in the granaries to see us through.”
“Then it is a happy ending,” said Kiya.
“What do you plan to do, Kiya?” asked her aunt. “I know that Dennu is keen for you to go on the exodus with him and there are others who would be pleased to share their lives with you.”
Kiya thought back to the different worlds shown to her by Neter. She had been given another chance in life and the opportunity to choose many paths. She thought about her beloved river, of the rich soil of the farm and the variety of the seasons. She thought of her parents and Khamet and knew in her heart which path would bring her the most happiness.
She rose from her bed and embraced her aunt and uncle. “I will return home with you and live the life I was born to live, beside the Nile with my family around me.”
* * *
