AEVALIN AND THE AGE OF READVENTURE
KLAUSE SCHUAR THE GRAND BASTARD
Book One in the Aevalin and the Age of Readventure Series
Lawrence Caldwell


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Copyright © Lawrence Caldwell, 2021

Look for These Other Titles by Lawrence Caldwell

AEVALIN AND THE AGE OF READVENTURE
Aevalin: Klause Schuar, the Grand Bastard
Aevalin: Trials on the Isle of Morr
Aevalin: Knight of Aevalin
Aevalin: Errant Adventurer
Aevalin: Kingdom of the Blue Dragon

THE JINNI AND THE ISEKAI
The Jinni and the Isekai
The Black Cobra of Mar’a Thul
Coil and Strike
The Sultan of Darshuun
Sultan’s Legacy


ANARCHO
Fracture Rating
Hussy
Landfill Lich
Rescue Operation
Dreams of Forever

THE PRINCESS AND THE MAGICIAN
The Wind Steppe Princess and the Amalfi Magician

OTHER TITLES
Wakiagau
Haven
Teisatsusha
Blackwood Company
Littlehand Hakuria
Attack on the Spire Keep
The Reconnoiters
Skydrift
Acheron

“Justice is the firm and continuous desire to render to everyone that which is due.”—Emperor Justinian

I
“Wow!” she said, unable to control herself. Celine had been this way for days now. As the carriage bumped along the Safe Road, everything—every new sight was a wonder to her. And the questions they brought. “Do you think they go on like that for very far?” she asked in reference to the green hills and the flower patches.
“I don’t know,” Yoreno said. “And for the hundredth time—will you sit and remain still?”
Occasionally patches of tall trees obscured her view of the bright blue sea. But she didn’t mind. The sun was hot, and the shade over the carriage was a welcome relief. But every time she saw those sparkling blue waters and the sound of the sea birds.
Even now she could smell the salt. It was so… so new.
She did as her brother asked and sat back into the comfortable carriage cushion. Mother was reading a book, oblivious to her and Yoreno for the time being, but she too had slowly become irritated at Celine’s constant surprise—her constant questions they had no idea how to answer. 
The only reason her mother and brother did not become cross with her was probably due to their own excitement and curiosity.
“Not far,” the driver called from atop the carriage.
“Did you hear?” Celine exclaimed. “We’re almost there.”
“I know,” Yoreno said and rolled his eyes.
“The high walls—the gleaming towers. I can almost see them now. The blue pinions waving in the scented breeze.”
“Gods…”
“I can’t wait!”
“I know.”
“The castle most of all—it’s one of the old towers, you know?”
“I know.”
She stretched out her pale arm and opened the slider a little more. Smelling the air, she smiled. “Do you smell them. The flowers I mean?”
“I do. I have.”
“We’ve never been outside of Haven! Until now,” she said, slightly reprimanding. She couldn’t understand their lack of excitement. “Aren’t you looking forward to this?”
“Of course he is,” her mother said. She smiled, not looking up from her book. “As am I. But calm yourself Celine, or you’ll die of overexcitement before we even reach the city.”
“Oh!” Celine exclaimed, feeling her heart flutter. “The Kingdom of Aevalin. I’ve dreamed about it my entire life.”
“You know that’s where the Schuarists enacted their ritual that brought about the age of dark magic, dungeons and monsters, yes?”
“Oh hush,” Celine commanded with a brush of her hand. “Don’t ruin my mood, Yoreno.”
“Some say they’re still out there—servants of the dark wizard in league with their immortal master, even after all this time. They wait and plot another of their rituals.”
“Hmm,” their mother mused, glancing up from her book at Celine. “Fairytales.”
“Have you not seen the age-old ruins, mother? They’re everywhere,” he said firmly. “The Age of Darkness was real—the Grand Bastard. Real.”
“Yes, we know,” Celina said. “But the Schuarists are all gone. Why else would we be able to leave the cities?”
He didn’t answer, only said, “I’m not so sure,” in reference to her comment about them all being gone.
Celine smoothed her pleated dress. “Mother is right. There’s no other reason king Branlin would decree the new Age of Readventure—hmm? Mother. Show him again.”
Their mother flipped some of the pages in her leather-bound book and revealed the letter she had tucked there, of which she had read to them earlier. She slipped out the parchment and handed it to Yoreno.
He looked at it skeptically, his dark brows knitting. “Do we even know this is real?”
“Your father sent it to me. He got it from the official castle bulletin.”
“So of course it’s real,” Celine said, taking the sheet from him. “The Age of Readventure,” she read. “I, king Branlin of Aevalin do herby decree that the Age of Readventure I’ve so written off in previous letters, is and shall herby be upon us, and so by this decree, I command that guild houses be erected for the due employ of errant knights and lawful adventurers to seek out the old lands and to explore the world anew so that a new golden age of prosperity and—“
“Yes, yes. We’ve read it. Age of Readventure, reclaiming the world, blah, blah. I’ll believe it when I see it.”
“They opened the roads for general travel,” Celine said in an attempt to rebut her brother’s skepticism. “Things are changing now. Even the common folk can venture out of the cities. People aren’t afraid of the demihumans like they used to be, either.”
“They don’t belong in our midst.”
Huffing, Celine decided not to get drawn into that argument again. She glanced out the carriage window. There were a lot of knights and soldiers stationed along the road. Of course, it was to keep it protected. The world was still a dangerous place after all. But it wasn’t the fault of the demihumans.
“It’s still dangerous,” their mother added, as if she read Celine’s mind.
“All the more reason for king Branlin’s decree—to make the world safe again. We need adventurers far and wide.”
“Perhaps.”
Yoreno scoffed as he looked out of the window on his side of the carriage, his chin propped up by his thumb and forefinger.
He was thinking about it. Celine knew he was. He always liked to disagree, but it just took him longer to sort out the logic in his head before he came to his own conclusion—even though it was the truth!
She would have so many letters to write to her friends after they arrived. But whenever would she find the time?
The carriage, though very comfortable with red plush-leather seating and beautiful silken wallpapers, was becoming uncomfortable. The journey was beginning to make Celine feel quite cramped. Her excitement made the long ride—three days!—seem particularly unending. But when the carriage began to slow, her heart jumped. They had arrived, had they not? 
She leaned toward the window to get a look toward the front of the carriage. She saw something. In the golden light of late morning.
The wall.
“Stop! Stop! Stop!”
“Oh hush,” her mother said, a huge smile on her face as she too leaned toward the window, trying to get the same view as Celine, but she was on the opposite side of the coach and was unable to bend her neck that far.
The wheels had not barely stopped before the young lady opened the door and rushed out. The step down to the cobbled Safe Road nearly made her trip and fall on her face.
“Be careful!” her mother exclaimed. “Wait for the coachman!” But Celine barely  heard her mother as she peered along the lantern-lined road, which perfectly framed the great city of Aevalin.
She let out a heavy breath. 
There was the wall, white brick, with the great arched gate, and behind it, the city with the spire castle in the middle, like a beacon of light and hope reaching for the heavens with all its turrets and blue-tiled roofs.
To the east was the sea—oh the beautiful sea. Ships—there were ships!
She couldn’t believe father was already here. Celine could hardly believe it—could hardly breathe at the beauty of it all. The majesty.
“Oh!” her mother exclaimed behind her. “Gods it’s—it’s—“
“Beautiful,” Celine said for her.
“It’s a city,” Yoreno said, “not your prince charming. No need to be so breathlessly in love.”
Surely he was pretending to not be impressed.
“Oh come, Yoreno!” Celine rebuked. “Even you should think this the most amazing place you’ve ever seen!”
She didn’t even turn to look at him or the other carriage with a six-horse team trundling past them on the road.
“It is a beautiful city, my lord and ladies,” the coachman said. He smiled when Celine looked at him. She probably had a huge grin, but she didn’t care. “How much longer?”
“Oh, not long. You’ll be in the heart of the city a stone’s throw from the castle herself in no time at all.
Celine breathed hard, put a hand to her chest to steady herself. The coachman chuckled. “Just wait,” he said, nodding. “It’s a sight to behold.”
She glanced behind the carriage toward her father’s house guard that had accompanied them. Why couldn’t they have knights? Knights were so beautiful and brave and honorable. Father’s guard was an eyesore in light of the kingdom of Aevelin just beyond!”
A thought came to her. An ugly one. How could the stories be true? How could the Grand Bastard have destroyed the world—killed all those people, when there was such beauty everywhere?
Only a truly evil soul would ever do such a thing, and people like that were only in the stories!
Forgetting about the Grand Bastard, Celine locked her eyes on the castle. Many letters to write indeed! Father’s letters didn’t do the city justice. Not at all. Celine almost jumped with the excitement.
“Come,” her mother called.
Caline frowned.
“Oh stop it,” she commanded. “You have nothing to frown about. We’ll be in the city in moments. Everything will be different.”
She couldn’t help but smile again with a quick glance back. Mother was right. Everything would be different.
Better.
The Age of Readventure was here!

II
Seven-hundred Years Earlier…
Currently Arlian’s desk was filled with sheafs of papers—reports from various districts within, and without Aevalin, concerning violence, looting and fires. He didn’t have enough men to contain it all.
The guard inside the city watch headquarters was thin as it was, and if attacked and burned out, there would be no central authority to keep the peace without mustering the whole army.
And there was very real danger of an attack by rioters on the City Watch Headquarters. The Schuarists were out in force, running about, causing a ruckus wherever they went. Their energy for “change”—for their savior Prince Balthezar seemed unending.
Without the prince’s favorable view on the group, the Grand Mage Klause Schuar would have no real power. In fact, he’d probably be in prison.
Arlian was off half a mind to have him killed in secret already!
The Captain Commander sighed as he perused the latest report. Clerks and servants scurried about, sending reports to various offices. Guards patrolled vigorously, the grounds too large for stationary lookouts.
Arlian rubbed his brow and quaffed a large gulp of his waking tea. If he kept this up, he’d probably drop dead, but everyone, including his nine captains, were stretched to breaking already. Seven of those captains were out overseeing operations—Cedris with the fires in the Venn district and Orvyn and his company in High City protecting the council members’ as they cowered in their luxurious manor houses.
Orvyn and Cenris were his best men. Couldn’t spare them. How long would this go on for? Another six months would break Aevalin.
The report in his hand was of a murder spree involving eleven deaths. If it had been up to him, he’d have called the army in and arrested the Schuarists already.
The damn Schuarists.
As the Captain Commander, he didn’t have time for this one. Too low key. He almost laughed. In normal days, he’d visit the scene of the crime himself. Instead, he hadn’t left this building in a week.
Mariel couldn’t visit him. No. Arlian wouldn’t allow it. In fact, he had stationed four guards at home, two outside, and two in the house.
There was enough intimidation going on as it was, and being the head of the guard, charged with keeping the peace—peace, ha!—he had to make sure she was safe.
The thought sent his blood boiling. Aevalin, the most civilized city in the world—a kingdom that influenced other nations, chose when to go to war, who to support and who to leave to their own divices.
Brought to this.
“Yahan!” he screamed.
Moments later the clerk to his desk from the other room, her hands held together in front of her. “Ye—yes, Commander?”
“I told you how many times—not to send me these kinds of reports. There’s nothing I can do about them.”
“I’m so sorry, Commander. I’m sure it was a mistake I—“
“Captain Commander!” someone called.
“Oh, what now?” He waved Yahan away. He could apologize for yelling at her later—surely.
He’d forgotten to give the clerk the report with the murders. He flung it in the air and it floated down to the blue runner.
During the last months, his name was increasingly called. Unless he ghosted himself like some necromancer scum, he couldn’t deal with all of the problems in Aevalin!
The man called again, his voice nearing Arlian’s office. 
Gods damn all this. 
He looked up, saw Captain Orvyn’s runner Brakso cresting the top of the stairs, his brow sweaty and his hair plastered to his face.
In the summer, wearing full plate was stifling. Arlian waited in his chair impatiently as the runner’s armor glinted from the gaps in his blue city guard tabard.
“What is it, man?” Arlian said, knowing he must have sounded lazy and apathetic, though that wasn’t what he felt in the least. He was simply exhausted.
“Commander Arlian! Commander Arlian. It’s Orvyn—I mean Captain Orvyn. He—“
“Slow down and tell me what the matter is.” He leaned forward, feeling in his tired guts that this was going to be bad.
Brakso gulped air, then blurted, “The line, Commander. We can’t hold it. They’re breaking through!”
Suddenly alert, Arlian demanded, “What?”
“They want Councilor Jorrissiana! They’re chanting and shouting that she come out of her residence and stand trial for treason.”
Arlian signed as he got out of his massive chair. “Fucking Schuarists.” He grabbed his sword laying on the left hand side of his desk. “Fetch Captain Lech—we go to reinforce Orvyn.”
“Yes sir!—I mean Commander.”
“Go, boy.”
He strapped his sword belt around his waist, hopping he wouldn’t have to use it. He would if he had to—to save the councilors. Without the City Watch, they’d probably be strung up.
He stalked swiftly across the marbled floors and down the stairs toward the arched entrance where Captain Lech and Orvyn’s runner met him.
“Commander,” Lech said with a solute. 
Arlian regarded his men. There were twelve of them. “We need more men.”
“Sir,” Lech said, “I’ll have to pull from the Watch Guard—we’re already thin as it is.”
“Shit.”
“Do you want me to do it, Commander?”
Lech was a fine Captain, but he was no hero. Twelve men would be a token reinforcement at best. “Brakso.”
“Commander?”
“Go to the head clerk, find which of the Watch captains has enough soldiers to spare and go inform him that we require reinforcements.”
“Yes, Commander.”
“Here, take this.” Out of his belt pouch Arlian retrieved a letter of order, sealed with his stamp. He handed it to the young blonde-haired man. “Make haste!”
The runner did as he was told. 
To Captain Lech he said, “Let’s go,” and together, with their meager group of reinforcements, they left the city watch headquarters, the wind and the black clouds boding rain on this hot summer evening.
“Commander?”
“What is it?”
“We need the army.”
“I know that, but if we start calling them into the city these bastards are going to lose it and start using swords instead of clubs!”
As they walked, Captain Lech said nothing for a time, but then he ventured a possibility. “We… could disguise them. As City Watch?”
Hmm. That wasn’t a bad idea. But still, if the Schuarists caught wind of what they were doing, they’d burn the city down. 
“It’s almost like they’re looking for an excuse to destroy the city,” Arlian said. “I swear I almost wish they would try so I could give the order to have every last one of them run through.”
“I understand, Commander.”
“Come on,” Arlian said, picking up the pace.

III
The High City district was in shambles. Between the looting, the fires, the rioting and other general mayhem, there weren’t enough of the Watch to deal with everything.
Arlian came up short, realizing there was no way into the city from the road. It was completely packed with angry Schuarists.
What was once a beautiful cobbled stone street leading up the hillside with a magnificent view of the castle and gardens to peruse, was now a ramshackle mess of looted goods, smashed vegetables, ripped furniture and trampled grounds.
The only thing not out of sorts were the thick-trunked trees, full of green leaves that shaded the walkways and the once gardens.
Wagons had been used to barricade the roads leading to the residential area at the top and the first gate had been locked with a thick chain, Schuarists in their purple cloaks and hoods guarding the lock with clubs, their black beakers making them look like demon worshipers.
Half of them were in favor of the necromancy. Damn the necromancy!
“You’re not getting’ in here!” they shouted.
“Come up here if you dare!”
“Back, you Watch scum!”
“Magic haters! Killers!”
“Prince Balthazar will reign and you’ll be getting’ what’s coming to you!”
They waved their clubs, beat them into their palms. Some of them picked up stones and tossed them in Arlian’s direction, but doing so through the artistically-barred gate was no use.
Just the sight of these rampaging fools made Arlian’s blood boil.
Where had the Watchmen gone? They should have been guarding this gate and the streets. 
Watching the stones being pelted at them, but falling far short, Arlian noticed there were a lot of stones. Everywhere.
And empty baskets.
It hit him. These Schuarists showed up suddenly and pelted the Watch with stones, probably clubbing their way up the streets and forcing the far outnumbered men back.
No wonder it was such a mess. Looking at the gate, he realized there was no way up, not unless they were going to get through that barricade of forty or so men and women in hoods.
Now what?
“Commander,” Captain Lech said from behind. “We can’t get in there. We’d need a hundred more men.”
“Damn.”
The councilor was in danger. Left unaided, the Watch protecting the High City would eventually cave. There was no telling how far the Schuarists would go when carrying out their threats.
Jorrissiana could be killed, hanged or beheaded in the square—something that’s never happened before to a counselor, especially not in the protected area of the High City where their residences were located.
“We need to find a way up there,” Arlian called. The din from the shouting and looting was hard to speak over.
“Commander, look out!”
Glancing up, Arlian saw a chair flying toward him from the apartments above. He took a moderate step back and the piece of furniture crashed and splintered into pieces.
“Die, you tyrants!” the man shouted out of the window. The looter was certainly not a resident of the High City, but neither was he wearing one of the purple robes of the Schuarists.
With the political upheaval, the lack of general law and order, others had joined the Schuarists in their rampage, ostensibly to take up the same cause, but men like these were just opportunists playing the part.
As long as a man was a Schuarist—or a woman for that matter—they were almost untouchable. Any excuse for violence, and a civil war would break out.
The Schuarists would no doubt lose, but they did have a lot of magickers on their side, but the kingdom of Aevalin had a strong army—currently houses outside of the city walls so no accidents happened.
As long as the army was outside of the city, the Schuarists nearly reigned supreme. Perhaps Captain Lech was right, and Arlian should start to supply the Watch ranks with disguised soldiers.
He broach the matter to Prince Kandrion next time they were together.
Lech stepped forward, looked at the splintered chair and then caste a murderous look up toward the now empty apartment window. “What now, Commander?” 
“We’re not getting in through the road,” he said. He stepped back a few paced in case any more furniture came crashing down at them.
Many of the rioters were looking for excuses to wound or even kill Watch members and Arlian would be damned if he died from a tossed footstool or a table!
Gritting his teeth, he surveyed the switch backed road, green trees and the trampled gardens. It was a veritable fortress. In fact, High City was once part of the citadel before the castle was erected. 
They wouldn’t be pushing their way up there—not with two-hundred armed and armored men from the Watch, had they that many to even spare. And they didn’t.
Just then, Arlian spotted a suspicious-looking man watching them from the fountains several hundred paces from their left. He wasn’t suspicious in the way that he dressed—in the fine trousers and doublet that he wore. What was somewhat off, was his aggressive stare, and yet he wore no beaker. 
No, he wouldn’t stop staring, half turning to walk away, but keeping eyes locked on Arlian.
The commander of the city watch narrowed his eyes. “Captain Lech.”
“Yes, my lord?”
“Be on your guard.”
“Do you think he’s a scout for an ambush?”
The man began to walk in the opposite direction, holding Arlian’s gaze, but then finally breaking off.
“I don’t know. Let’s follow him.”
“Are you sure that’s wise, Commander?”
He began to make his way toward the fountains and after the man, not quickly, just a steady gait. “Probably not, but something is going on here. He’s not a Schuarist.”
They followed past the fountains. The splashing water tinkled over Arlian’s armor, but the splashed that hit his bare skin felt like heaven’s touch on this hot summer evening.
“Is he going to run?”
By now, Arlian was at a trot, still after the man, but not running. He wouldn’t run unless the man bolted.
“Come on, Captain.”
“I’m with you, Commander.”
The man weaved his way into a crowd of angry people. The lot wasn’t facing in the direction of the High City—where the smoke was coming from. Instead they were yelling and screaming at a commotion near the front.
Shop windows, shattered. A wagon tipped on its side. A dog dead on the streets, its lifeblood spilled over the white stones.
There was a man curled up in a fetal position and a woman crying, screaming that he not be beat anymore by the three clocked Schuarists.
Supporters of Prince Kandrion no doubt. These Schuarists and their supporters were actually of a mind that Kandrion was anti magic—that he wanted the people of Aevalin and the other kingdoms to suffer and die while he say in his opulent palace.
The plague wasn’t even that bad, and Arlian knew this from firsthand experience, being on the streets, having gotten sick. Even Mariel had gotten sick. It wasn’t the danger Prince Balthazar and his criers made it out to be.
But these fools…
Unable to stop himself, Aralian pushed his way through the crowds and shoved one of the club-wielding Schuarists aside, then punched the other in the face.
The third came at him with his club raised, but Captain Lech moved in, flipped the man over his shoulder and took the club from him.
The crows screamed, their firsts upraised.
“Begone!” Arlian ordered.
They didn’t even care. In normal circumstances, they wouldn’t have hesitated the obey a Watchman, much less one of rank, of which even the common folk could tell that much about Arlian’s armor—but maybe not that he was the Watch Commander.
Looking into their eyes, he could see this mob, given half a chance, would kill him and Captain Lech both.
Half of the wore the black beakers, many of which who couldn’t afford, or simply didn’t have access to the twisted-looking bird-face masks had rags tied over their faces—the fools.
“We need to get out of here. Pick that man up!”
“I’m on it, Comman—sir!”
Two men moved forward, and balling his fist, Arlian swung at them in a backhanded swipe, but they stepped back, avoiding the blow.
This seemed to upset the crowd even more as they began to constrict the space between them.
Feeling no other recourse, Arlian let loose his blade with a sharp metallic hiss. Several of the crowd cried out in surprise, and the wave of angry faces and balled fists stepped back visibly.
“Not. Another. Step closer!”
“This way!” Lech called, as he trundled along with the man’s arm over his shoulder, his wife, clutching at his other arm.
“You scum!” she shouted.
Not helping, woman.
They moved toward the edge of the crowd and down a narrow alleyway where not too many of the angry Schuarist supporters could follow them.
The brick walls were close, the lighting back here shaded and almost full dark. There was a palpable coolness to the stones as well. They blocked the noises of the city and the mob—not completely, but enough to make Arlian think it was almost peaceful back here.
He wished he could just lean up against the brick wall and fall asleep, forgetting the troubles of Aevalin for a night.
But they soon were out of the alleyway. They continued this way down the street where some few looters were making off with whatever valuables or foods they could without being accosted by their owners.
The plague worshipers—that’s what Arlian had taken to calling them in private, were out in force—to show the king and the councilors their wrath.
Always wearing their beakers to keep distance from catching the evil, and yet their bodies so closely packed together that half a pace could scarcely make any difference.
The irony.
“Here,” Lech said, gasping, and helped the man sit on the edge of the well in this deserted square they had entered.
Arlian sheathed his blade, looking about. But the man was nowhere to be seen.
“We lost him.”
The woman was instantly attending to her husband. He was awake, but wasn’t speaking. The front of his shirt was socked in his own blood as he dabbed his face with a bit of wadded up cloth from his wife’s skirt.
“Shouldn’t Brakso be returning, Commander?”
“That’s assuming whoever he went to ask for help doesn’t have their own problems.”
“I suppose you’re right, sir,” Lech said, scooping water out of the well bucket. It was one of the older wells that had no pump. 
“Thank you for helping me,” the man finally said. His wife nodded profusely.  “I can’t believe what this city has come too,” she said, an accusing look cast Arlian’s way.
“You and your men should be filling the dungeons.”
“Unfortunately, it’s more complicated than that.”
“Oh, to be sure, sir.”
“We’re leave you to alone now,” Arlian said.
“Again,” the man said. “My thanks. They were looting everything I had, and I have no doubt they’d have killed me if not for you. The blessing of the gods be on you, sirs.”
“And to you,” Leck said.
“Try to stay out of trouble,” Arlian warned. “These are… difficult times, such the like we’ve never had before.”
“You don’t have to tell us twice,” the woman said. The nodded Arlian’s way and the two Watchmen left them there.
They came to a clearing in the parks, even further away now. “We should head back, see if Brakso had any luck.”
Captain Lech nodded. Arlian could see the worry on his face. “If they kill her,” he said, “Prince Balthazar wins.”
“Oh hells, man.”
Arlian didn’t want to think about that.
“You there!” a voice called.
Arlian whirled, his sword hissing out of its scabbard. It was that man, his hands upraised. He had stepped out from behind one of the marble statues. The parks, if it weren’t for the turmoil of Aevalin, would have been fields of tranquil gardens, shade trees and waterfalls, but right now they served only to contrast the current upheaval.
“I nearly killed you, man.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Hey,” Arlian said. “I know you, don’t I?”
He nodded respectfully. “Gracian Lorenovar, my lord.”
“That’s right!” Arlian said. “You serve her ladyship Councilor Jorrissiana.”
“That, I do. I couldn’t very well approach you out in the open. I’ve nearly been killed thrice as it is.”
“I understand.”
“Do you know a way to the High City dwellings?” Captain Lech asked.
“I do. I came to tell you.”
It was like having a rope thrown to you after losing your horse in a river in full plate. The armored man caught that rope, or he drowned in the water.
“Do you not have more men?”
“We do,” Arlian said. “On the way. Hopefully.”
“That doesn’t sound reassuring, Commander.”
“It is what it is.” To Captain Lech he said, “Go back and find Brakso, lead his men here.”
“Will you not be here when we return, Commander?”
“You’re right. Gracian, where are you taking me?”
He pointed, a hurriedness in his movement. “Deeper into the parks, my lord. Do you know the cliff face carving of King Kiryndaro?”
“Of course, I do, man. The one will the gold etchings—who doesn’t?”
“My apologies. But there’s a secret passage into the High City above that cliff. I climbed down on ropes.”
“Why didn’t her ladyship come with you,” Lech asked.
“She’s seventy and three, sir.”
Lech nodded. 
“All right,” Arlian said. “Gracian, take me. Captain Lech, you meet us there with whoever Brakso manages to bring.”
“Yes, Commander. May the gods protect you.”
“And you. Gracian, lead the way.”

IV
The parks were quiet and tranquil for the most part, except for the occasional noise from the tumultuous happenings in various parts of the city where demonstrations and uprisings happened.
Above the trees Arlian could see black smoke rising from multiple directions as he followed Gracian through the walkways. The immaculate parks had been so far untouched by vandals.
“It’s this way,” Gracian said. 
Arlian knew where the massive statue was located, had visited it many times while walking through the parks with Mariel. It was a lovely place.
When they arrived, Arlian immediately saw the rope Gracian and climbed down to get to the walkway. 
He looked about. “Is there no other way up there?”
“It’s possible,” he said, glanced this way and that, though he seemed unsure of himself. “There’s a lot of thick underbrush and the hill is steep. The mouth of the cave, there’s no easy walkway.”
“Hmm.”
“I think we’d have to jump.”
The bronze fire-bowls had guttered out long ago, since this area was not being tended to by the keepers. The pool beneath the statue of king Kiryndaro was full of leaves and every coin that would normally have been waiting for the priests was gone.
The statue was at least twenty paces high, the king majestic in its smoothly-carved white marble. The figure was adorned with an armor cuirass etched in gold, the crown atop his head gleaming in what sunlight was left. The red rubies that had normally incrusted the crown had been dug out.
So much for vandals, Arlian thought.
“I can’t climb that in my armor. He unbuckled his sword belt and tossed it to Gracian. The man—not a fighter, probably had never held a sword in his life—caught the belt awkwardly, like he didn’t quit know how to old the weapon, or that he was unaccustomed to its weight.
Arlian unbuckled his cuirass and it fell to the ground. The armor smiths of Aevalin had been using Yarishan designs for the past decade, so removing and putting on the armor was a simple thing that a knight could do on his own without help of another.
His gauntlets wouldn’t help him climb, but he wanted to keep them in case combat became inevitable. He also keept the shin guards strapped to his legs.
Under the black-painted armor of his station, Arlian wore a padded gambeson of high quality with diamond stitching. He probably didn’t quite appear as though he were out for a stroll in the town, but it didn’t matter.
“Here,” Gracian said, giving Arlian back his belt. He strapped it to his waist and gestured for Gracian to precede him up the statue.
The man nodded, took to the rope and used the statue as a base for his feet. It didn’t look overly hard, though Gracian struggled.
“I’m surprised.”
The man grunted, unable to respond. 
“You’re a servant—a clerk. It’s impressive.” 
Something behind him rustled in the manicured hedges. Arlian turned, regarding the area, wary against anyone who might see them. If the Schuarists caught them here, they would no doubt wonder what was going on, seeing a Watchman climbing king Kiryndaro’s statue.
Trouble would follow.
These bastards of the Grand Mage were strangely unorganized, and yet willing to work together on short notice.
Very cultish, he thought.
Letting his blade sink back to the bottom of its scabbard, Arlian let his guard down. The noise was nothing—probably a bark rat. He hoped Captain Lech and Brakso would return soon, with more men. They would need a lot more men.
Gracian grunted as he disappeared over the statue’s shoulder. Evidentially there was a landing up there. He looked over. “It’s your turn”—he called, breathing hard—“…Commander.”
Arlian never cared for the full gloves that covered his fingers from tip to hand, instead choosing good gloves where the tips of his fingers were bare. He’d always thought a better grip on his blade over the added protection was more worth the risk.
As if not wearing gloves at all, he rubbed his hands together and took hold of the rope and climbed after Gracian.
With the statue as a base for his boots, the climb was difficult, but not as hard as he thought it would be.
Grunting, he crested king Kiryndaro’s shoulder and took Gracian’s hand. The man had a surprisingly firm grip.
Breathing heavily, Arlian regarded the cave mouth. 
“This is it,” Gracian said. “This was an escape tunnel for the nobility when the High City had been the main citadel of the city.”
It made sense. Aevalin was nestled into the shoulder of a mountain. To escape a siege, one would have to climb Mount Herrylenia—and it was no easy feat. 
A passageway was more advantages because of expedience.
Gracian lead the way, taking one of the lit torches at the mouth of the cave. “I lit this on my way down.”
“Can it not be seen from the pathway?”
“I don’t think so.”
The hewn stones within the cave were surprisingly smooth, but the cavern was not completely artificial, as the upper area had a natural cavity with stalactites, albeit, small ones.
They glittered beautifully in the torchlight.
“How long does this travel for?”
“Not long,” Gracian said, his voice echoing off the cave walls. Their reverberating voices sounded ghostly—and evil. “The exit is just this way. There’s a garden up ahead and a thick cops of trees that obscures the cave entrance.”
“Are there any—“
Gracian stopped, his body visibly tensing. “My lord!” He back-stepped quickly, almost running into Arlian, but he dodged the man’s sudden movement. “My lord—look out!”
A finely-dressed man was in the cave with them, torch in hand. He lunged toward Arlian with a belt knife but his edge was deflected by Arlian’s armored vambrace and the man stumbled forward from the weight of his own strike.
Arlian came in with his fist against the man’s jaw and he went down to the cold stones, his blade clattering loudly.
Not stopping to regard the man any further, Arlian let loose his sword, grabbed up their attacker’s fallen torch and made for the cave exit.
Moving quickly, he left the cave mouth, the warm air of the summer night more palpable since they’d been in the coolness of the cave.
The Commander of the Watch wanted to surprise any other attackers by moving upon them quickly, not giving them time to recover from their sudden shock, but there were none others in the area.
Relaxing, he went back into the cave where he found Gracian picking up the belt knife. At the fallen man’s waist was a coil of thick rope.
“He was going to climb down,” Arlian said, nudging his torch toward the man.
Gracian nodded. “But was he a concerned servant or—“
“Or a Schuarist?” Arlian finished for him. “He seemed to be rather tense,” he added, “but so are we.”
So that told them nothing. 
“It’s impossible to know,” Gracian said. 
“We need to stay on our guard. Let’s tie this man up here in the cave so he can’t go for help.”
Gracian nodded, bent and took the coiled rope and together they tied the man up, Gracian holding his feet while Arlian wrapped the rope around his legs, and then around his body and arms.
If he was a Schuarist, he was a secret supporter, looking to get out the same way Gracian did to warn his fellows of a backdoor escape. Or a backdoor entry so they could get at Councilor Jorrissiana.
Arlian sighed. So much was riding on the councilor. So far her vote had not been cast. She was undecided, but word was she was leaning toward supporting Prince Kandrion—something the Klause Schuar’s supporters would not abide.
“Let’s go,” Arlian commanded, and together they left the cave and made for the councilor’s residence.
Being the commander of the City Watch, Arlian’s own residence was of a higher caliber than that of the average citizen. Not because the station came with special favors, but simply because of the pay.
But the High City was far above the quality Arlian and Meriel were accustomed to. He didn’t care—these residences were too luxurious for his taste.
And now they were in danger of becoming a shambles. At least the ones in the front of the High City village.
“It’s quiet,” Arlian said, glancing about. And it was, except for the commotion on the other side of the residences where the switch backed road and its trampled gardens lay. That’s where Captain Orvyn and his Watchmen were defending the residences.
Why was that the only road up here?
It seemed to Arlian the escape path inadvertently gave the High City landlords an excuse not to spend the coin needed for a second road. 
“It’s this way,” Gracian said. “Follow me!”
He picked up his pace and Arlian followed him between two manor houses with white and pink bricks, gardens with ornamental flours, tempered glass windows and delicately wrought iron gates. Statues lined the walkways and the roofs were of high quality blue titles.
A shame to see them scratched and beaten and burned, but these had so far been untouched. At this juncture, the Schuarists only wanted Jorrissian and so far hadn’t resorted to riotous tactics up here—thanks to Captain Orvyn and the efforts of his men.
“Hurry,” Arlian called. “They might not be able to hold the entrance to the grounds much longer.”
“It’s this way,” Gracian said, taking Arlian between some apartment buildings down a path of lanterns and fountains until they reached a residence at the end of the cul-de-sac.
Arlian craned his neck just to take in the whole structure. There were at least six levels. Ornamental vine flours hung from the eves, giving the area an even more fragrant aura than what Arlian had noted before.
He saw it before Gracian said anything. “Oh no.”
The door…
It was smashed open.
Shouts from inside erupted. 
Arlian bolted past Gracian, his sword out of its scabbard in an instant. When he got into the anti-chamber, he looked both ways for potential attackers.
Something tumbled from upstairs.
Glass shattered. 
“Stay away! Back!”
Arlian rushed up the stairs, his boots stomping every two steps.
“You have no right to be in here! Leave at once!”
It was the shocked and fearful voice of an older woman. Jorrissiana for sure! Arlian nearly fell over when he tripped on a bloody corpse at the top of the stairs, the dead man clearly a guard, his scabbard empty, but his blade nowhere to be seen.
Stamping forward to keep his balance, Arlian fall against the wall on the other side of the open hall, a framed painting disconnecting from where it hung and slamming to the highly polished floorboards.
“What was that?” someone called, his rough tone muffled through the thick wooden door.
“I don’t know,” another man said.
“Help!” Jorrissiana called.
“Silence!”
Arlian wiped the sweat from his face and grasped his sword hilt more tightly.
“Go check it out.”
Just then a man came out of what looked like the entrance to the sun room—armored and ready to cross blades.
Where in the name of the gods did a man like this appear? Men of this sort had not been mixed with the Schuarist crowds anywhere that Arlian was aware. He pointed an aggressive finger directly at the man, who didn’t seem surprised to see him standing there in the least. “Desist this attack at once, or I’ll kill you, Schuarist!”
The man smirked, his mouth full of well-maintained teeth, though they had gaps, giving him an intimidating air, but what was more, Arlian took notice of the man’s countenance. He had the look of a killer, and he was armed and armored like a mercenary. 
Shit.
Jumping back, Arlian barely moved out of the path of his attack’s blade, a long great sword—too long for indoor fighting.
The length of Arlian’s blade didn’t afford him very much more advantage over this cutthroat.
His attacker came in for another death blow, but Arlian took hold of his blade in his left hand, raising the weapon more quickly than he could have from the hilt—the move known as half-swording—saved his life, and he kicked the man back, his boot coming into heavy contact with his lower cuirass.
“Gracian!” Arlian called.
He needed assistance, or else he would be cut down if this mercenary’s accomplice came out to assist him.
“Gracian!”
“My lord?” the man’s voice came from downstairs.
The mercenary came at him with an arc of his blade. Arlian actually felt the swish of air the tip of his sword made when cutting through the air, nearly slicing his head off.
“NOW GRACIAN!”

V
This bastard knew how to swing a sword!
Arlian moved back, putting more space between him and the other man, but that distance was quickly closed as the mercenary pushed forward, his blade arcing.
Arlian parried, their steel glancing loudly in the hall.
Stomping up the stairs, Gracian came up behind him. Arlian heard him grunt, and then his blade hit the mercenary in the chest, the knife scraping off his blue-grey cuirass.
The blow stunned him, if only slightly from the surprise of Gracian’s attack. Arlian used this moment to his advantage and pushed forward, swinging his sword in quick short arcs, the tip of his blade coming dangerously close to his enemy’s face.
The nature of the mercenary’s parries were quick and panicked. He screamed, deflecting Arlian’s blows desperately.
Fainting, the man parried, but instead of arcing his blade directly toward the mercenary’s side, Arlian curled the tip in a smaller arc, forming a thrust.
His opponent still managed to glance the blade away from himself far enough to save his life, but not far enough to avoid the red gash that appeared in his cheek.
The sudden shock of the wound forced him to lose his balance and Arlian came at him with a powerful overhand strike.
Stumbling backward, the mercenary blocked it, but the cost put him off his feet. 
“Palovar!” the mercenary called desperately.
With more powerful blows, Arlian knocked the man’s blade aside, and he’d have let the man live—to question him afterward—but he heard the other man’s boots on the floors behind him.
“Look out!” Gracian called.
A quick thrust to the wounded mercenary’s neck ended him as Arlian twirled on his heel to meet the second attacker.
Too late.
He hardly had time to raise his blade to defend himself when the second mercenary snarled through his strike.
The sudden impact knocked Arlian into the bannister and he rolled over it, falling to the stairs below. To protect himself from the impact, he intentionally buckled his knees and fell hard on his vambraces, grunting loudly as he rolled down the last few steps to the floor, his sword clanging against the floorboards.
The man who had nearly killed him stomped down the stairs so quickly, Aralian didn’t have time to get up. He turned, raising an armored forearm for defense, but it was Gracian, bending to pick up his sword.
“Get up, Arlian!”
Gracian thrust the weapon—blade firs—at him, and he grabbed it, yelling “Move!”
Gracian jumped, narrowly avoiding a beheading as the mercenary attempted to end him right there.
Unable to get up in time—the mercenary was even quicker than his friend—Arlian raised his sword in a half-sword defense to stop the overhead strike for his chest. The impact of his blade shook him, sending waves of pain into his palms.
With better maneuverability due to not wearing his armor, Arlian thrust his blade sideways and catching the mercenaries sword with his guard, putting the armored man into a bent-forward position, whereupon Arlian kicked the man in the side of the head.
Crashing against a small table near the wall and sending two vases to the floor in a mess of cracked ceramics and wet flowers, the mercenary flailed, grunting with what Arlian thought, pain.
Arlian rolled in the opposite direction, not taking the time to see what had happened to the mercenary as he got back to his feet.
Gracian grunted and a chair went flying toward the wall.
The mercenary cried out as the furniture fell on him. Arlian sucked in a lung full of air and lunged forward, his sword cutting half circles at the mercenary, who parried furiously before Arlian managed to unintentionally, fling it out of his grip.
The mercenary’s eyes followed his weapon, then shot back toward Arlian, alarm in his eyes. In his fury, Arlian cut him through the jaw, his blade passing through the man’s flesh and bone like rotting wood, making the mercenary’ life’s blood fly out of him onto the ornamental wooden planks bellow the staircase whereupon he dropped to the floorboards in a heap of armor, dead as a statue.
Breathing heavily, Arlian cut a glance toward Gracian. He wasn’t sweating profusely like he was, but still breathing hard from his exertions, and probably from the shock of what had just happened in the last few moments.
“The”—he gasped—“Councilor,” Arlian said, then stamped his way back up the stairs. He made it into the sun room where he found the woman seated in a plush chair with wooden arms. He came up short. “My lady?’
“Yes?”
“You are rescued.”
Gracian came in behind him as she put a hand to her breast. “I appreciate your efforts, sir. Aren’t you the Commander of the City Watch?”
“I am.” He bowed. “Arlian Brennovo, at your service, Lady Councilor.”
“Ah!” she exclaimed. “That’s right. I’ve heard your named bandied about before. Good man, you are—or so I hear.”
“Thank you. I think it best that we leave now.”
“But what of the other councilors?” she asked?
Arlian glanced toward Gracian. The question was a good one by the councilor, but Arlian felt mostly unconcerned.
“She Schuarists,” he said, “are here for you, Lady Councilor.”
“Really? Why not the others? Surely Fenra and Marlerion are as much targets as I?”
“I’m afraid not,” Arlian said. “They’ve already cast their vote.”
“But they can change their votes!”
“Indeed,” Arlian said. He felt awkward still holding his bloodied sword out in the open, but he couldn’t sheath the weapon like that. He needed to wipe the blade. “You’re an immediate threat, Councilor Jorrissiana. You can swing the vote.”
“Ah, of course.” She touched her thumb and forefinger to her chin, tapped it there lightly. “I see.”
“I think it wise that we leave, Councilor. More of those mercenaries are probably about, and I’d rather not have to deal with them.”
Her eyes opened more. “Indeed,” she said, standing. “Please lead the way, Commander.”
Arlian and Gracian preceded her out of the room into the hallway.
When the older woman entered after them she stopped suddenly. “Oh gods!” Jorrissiana gasped. “Poor Melia.”
She was referencing the corpse he’d tripped over when he’d rushed up the stairs before the fight. “I’m sorry,” Arlian said. 
“And such a good poet, too.” There was a pause, and then Jorrissiana, tilting her head slightly as she regarded the body, said, “It must hurt.”
Arlian frowned, looked at the pool of blood. She was definitely dead. “I assure you, Councilor, your servant is quite passed on from this world.”
“Oh, I know,” she said, nodding certainly. “She’s an isekai, you see? Melia’s patron god, Seericanarus probably zapped her away.” As she said “zapped” she swiped her arm in an underhanded half arc. “Just the husk is left.”
 The subtle look on Gracian’s face told Arlian that he’d heard this kind of talk from the councilor before—whatever an isekai was—and so he made no further comment, simply nodded, unsure of what to say.
“Oh bother,” Jorrissiana finally said. “Are you going to get me out of here or not?”
Arlian gestured toward the stairs. “This way, Councilor.”
“Ah, Gracian! You’re here. I barely noticed you, good man.” She patted him on the shoulder and made her way down the stairs.
The councilor, Arlian thought, was… interesting, to say the least. Now how were they going to get her—seventy and three years old—down that rope?

VI
Early evening was beginning to fall upon them, the skies becoming purple. Where the sun was setting, a bright red-orange glow on the horizon plains, the Aevalin Road visible as a straight white line in the distance.
If it weren’t for the structures in the High City, the sea would be visible, sparkling in the fading sunlight.
The warm air outside was a relief. Somehow despite the cooler temperature inside the councilor’s manor house, the air had seemed stifling—cloying even.
Jorrissiana glanced about as they came to a crossroads in the walkway between houses. “Is it safe.”
“For now,” Gracian said. “My lady, we must depart. There’s a secret escape in the gardens.”
She frowned. “Truly.”
“Yes.”
“Why have you never spoken to me of this before, Gracian? You are my servant, are you not?”
“It wasn’t pertinent at the time, my lady.”
“Until now, that is.”
He nodded.
Arlian, barely listening to them, moved up to a fountain to wash the blood off his sword. The metal was smooth and gleaming—high quality steal, so it washed off easily. He swung the blade to get the excess droplets off before sliding the blade back into its scabbard at his waist.
“Gracian,” Arlian said. ‘
“Yes, Commander?”
He put out a hand. As if surprised by the gestured, Gracian hesitated, then took his hand. “You did well.”
“Thank you.”
“Now take Lady Jorrissiana to the cave and wait for me.”
“Where are you going?”
Jorrissiana was looking in the opposite direction, trying to get a look at the commotion still rambling on at the front entrance to the High City dwellings.
“I’m going to meet up with Captain Orvyn to let him know what’s happened.”
Gracian nodded. 
“They’re barely holding the Schuarists out as it is. Men needn’t die for nothing while we escape out of the cave.”
“I understand.”
“Do not leave the cave.”
He nodded, understanding well that Arlian was in fact, giving him an order. With a last nod of respect for the servant, Arlian turned and loped down the path leading to the entrance gate.
In front of him a lightfly blinked.
The sight reminded him of Mariel—of when he had asked for her hand in marriage. It had been a night much like this one, in a quiet field.
He smiled, but put the memory away as he came to the gate where Captain Orvyn and the Watchmen were stationed. They had barricaded the entrance with wooden crates, a small wagon, and various pieces of outdoor furnishings.
“Captain Orvyn!” he called. “Captain Orvyn!”
The man heard him, turned and almost fell over at the sight of Arlian. “Commander!” he exclaimed. “How did you get into the High City?”
Arlian gestured for Orvyn to follow, and together they left the morass that was the front gate of the luxury villas to a quiet place where they could hear each other.
“There’s a secret cave in the gardens.”
“What?”
“It’s above the king Kiryndaro statue in the parks. It leads straight into the gardens here in the High City.”
“I never knew,” he said, astonished. 
“It’s not important now. All you need to know is that your men needn’t risk their lives. We have the councilor woman, so these Schuarists have nothing to riot over.
Orvyn nodded. He was a shorter, heavyset man, but built like a bull with thick arms and a square jaw. Had he fought those mercenaries, he’d have probably bowled them over and stomped their heads in.
“What do you suggest we do about them?”
Arlian breathed in deeply. “Let ten or fifteen of them in. They’ll go to the council woman’s house and find she’s gone. Then they’ll report back to the rest of their mob. Their energy will be gone once they find their quarry has escaped.”
“What if the ransack her house?”
“That’s to be expected, Captain.”
He nodded, his face a suggestion of wry agreement.
“I think Jorrissiana will be exalted that she was able to escape with her life. Just make sure the Schuarists you let in don’t set anything ablaze. There’s a few dead men in her manor.”
“What?” Orvyn asked, his eyes widening. 
“I don’t know,” Arlian said. “Two men—they looked like mercenaries—attacked me. I killed them. The place is a mess. Hopefully the Schuarists will think the council woman was kidnapped by whoever was behind her attempted abduction. Do your best to seem surprised?”
“Yes, Commander.”
He nodded. “I leave for the save. I’ll see you back at Headquarters, Captain.”
The Captain nodded and Arlian left him there.
Standing still and talking was a welcome respite from the fight he had just been in. His throat had burned like he’d gone on a run with his armor on afterward, but now he was well rested and headed back down the path toward the guardians to meet back up with Gracian and the council woman.
A man, richly dressed in fine robes was standing on his walkway in front of his tri-story manor house, giving Arlian a look of disapproval.
“You!” he said, pointing an accusing finger. “You and your lot will reap the consequences of all this.” 
Arlian came up short. “Say that again?”
“You heard me, boy… Commoner.”
“Hold your tongue,” Arlian commanded. “I am Arlian Brennova, lord and Commander of the City Watch.”
The man flinched, took a step back. “Even worse. You serve the magic-hater.”
The damn fool. 
It wasn’t just the commoners who thought Prince Kandrion was against magic. The twisting of truth and the reality of what Balthazar was doing was lost on these people.
“Be gone!”
Perhaps his blood had still been high from his fight earlier, because Arlian surprised himself by  punching the man in the stomach, then putting his elbow in the man’s back, making him eat the cobbled walk way.
Despite his… reaction, he pulled back and didn’t assault the man as hard as he could. Being a soft-skinned noble, he still took the hurt as if Arlian were trying to kill him.
Without a word he headed on, stalking for the gardens, furious—at the man, at what had happened at the councilor’s house—at everything happening.
He wanted to wring necks, run someone through—the Grand Mage Klause Schuar. He was behind all of this, and yet somehow always seemed two steps ahead of blame, ahead of the accusations. Everyone knew he was involved, that he was behind it all.
And they could say nothing. At least not formally. Informally, those who knew what was happening took to calling the agents and the fools for the cause of Prince Balthazar, which was really the cause of the Grand Mage, as Schuarists.
Some few called them Balthists, but that was rare. To defame one of the princes was very nearly treason. But the Grand Mage? He didn’t hold an unassailable position, despite the fact that many worshipped him in some way or another.
Only a few years ago the dark magicks, necromancy in particular, was outlawed on pain of death, and regarded by the common citizen as vile withcraft.
How things had come to this juncture, Arlian wasn’t completely sure of. 
Finally he made it into the gardens, flattened his body to get between the large trees growing in front of the cave.
His footfalls echoed into the cave, and Gracian ran forward, a stunned look on his face. “My lord!” he called.
The man was in a panic.
“What is it, Gracian—what’s wrong?”
It was bad.
Councilor Jorrissiana was looking at them from behind Gracian’s shoulder, her hand to her mouth as she half glanced toward the cave exit.
“Schuarists, Commander. They’re in the parks!”

VII
“Did they see you?”
Gracian shook his head. “I don’t think so. They don’t know we’re here.”
“Let’s go look,” Arlian said, moving past Gracian and Jorrissiana. The man they had tied up earlier looked at him. 
“You have to let me go.”
“Be silent!” Arlian commanded, still walking toward the exit. If there were a lot of Schuarists in the parks—
“I’ll—I’ll call for help!”
Arlian had chosen to ignore the man, but now that he was making threats, turned around. The man was sweating, his mop of blonde hair almost in his eyes. He flinched, scrabbled back against the smooth cave wall.
“I said be quiet.” He said the words just as his fist came into contact with the side of the man’s face, knocking him unconscious.  He’d be awake soon, but Arlian didn’t care, so long as he stayed quiet, knowing the treatment he would get if he didn’t obey.
Shaking his head, Arlian thought the man seemed fearful enough to think they would kill him here in this cave, as if the other side—the Prince Kandron supporters—were blood thirsty killers who all hated magic, wanted to see the world suffer. Stamping on the necks those weaker than them into the dirt.
Putting the man from his mind, he exited the cave behind the white marble Kiryndaro statue.
Arlian crouched low, turned and motioned for Gracian to do the same. He jerked down quickly, as if he had been making a mistake—and he was, but not an arduous one. Inching up to get a view of the parks, Arlian said, “They’re making a lot of noise.”
“Yes. Something is about.”
Arlian sighed. 
If they could get the council woman down the rope—
The rope!
Arlian glanced about for it and finding it, he hauled it up as quickly as possible. “Gods,” Gracian said. “I forgot it.”
“We forgot it,” Arlian corrected.
Now coiled beside them, the rope wouldn’t expose their hiding spot to any Schuarists who came wandering by. But to contrast that thought, he said, “If one of them knows this cave is up here, more may follow. We don’t have a lot of time.”
He peered out from behind the statue. Very few would think to look up here, especially in these times, so they were very unlikely to be spotted, even though there were a lot of Schuarists pouring into the parks from what looked like the north side of the city.
“What’s that?” Gracian said, pointing over Arlian’s shoulder.
There was a commotion of a sort, but it was out of view. There were twenty or thirty Schuarists intermixed with general mal contents, their beakers swinging this way and that as they yelled, swung clubs and threatened, but it was impossible to see.
“They’re shouting.”
“Indeed. I think it’s Brakso and Captain Lech, returned with some help.”
“How do you know?”
“I don’t,” Arlian said, and he couldn’t see through the trees to make sure. “Who else would these fools be clashing with? They’ve come—to meet us where I said.”
Gracian nodded.
“There’s too many of them.”
“My thoughts as well,” Gracian said. 
“We have no choice. We have to get the council woman down from here and back to safety.”
“Then what are we waiting for?”
They both turned and found Lady Jorrissiana standing over them. “It will be dangerous.”
“I was in danger at my house, if you’ll remember?”
She had a good point. These malcontents down here didn’t know who she was—did they? Was it possible that they were that well organized?
Being the case or not, it was time to make their move. The Schuarists were distracted right now.
Arlian stood up and tossed the coiled rope over Kiryndaro’s shoulder, then he picked up the rope and wrapped it around his leg.
Looking at Councilor Jorrissiana, he didn’t quite know how this would work. “Get on my back.”
She snorted. “No, no,” she said, waving him over. “Wrap the rope around my body.” She raised her arms. “Under to support my weight. I’m far too old to hold on to your back like a leech crab.”
Arlian nodded, feeling a bit sheepish. He was the commander of the City Watch, a lord and a swordsman. What did he know about climbing?
After a few moments he did as he was told and the council woman was ready to be lowered to the ground. Twenty paces wasn’t high, but if there was an accident, surely she would be killed.
“Hurry,” Gracian said quietly, though Arlian heard the note of worry in his tone.
The ruckus with the Schuarists was beginning to spill out into the park. If they were spotted, there was no telling what could happen to them.
“After I lower you, I’ll come down,” Arlian said. “Gracian—you last.”
“Of course,” he said, nodding deferentially.
“Lady Councilor?”
“I’m ready,” she said, taking a sitting position with her legs hanging over the statue. I must look quite good up here—sitting on the old king’s shoulder. A guardian spirit. “ She signed. “I almost feel a young woman again.” She touched a hand to her breast. “The excitement!”
“We’ll soon be done of it, I assure you,” Arlian said.
Together, Arlian and Gracian lowered Councilor Jorrissiana down the side of the statue, slowly, one forearm’s length at a time. Working together, the woman didn’t seem very heavy, but Arlian still braced his feet against the statue’s upper back.
Suddenly the ruckus seemed to erupt. It was quickly getting louder and more intense than it had been just moments before.
“I don’t like this,” Gracian said.
“Lower faster,” Arlian said, worried that the Schuarists were getting close. He felt a strong need to scratch an itch on his back in this festering heat, the rope clammy in his hands. When the rope became slack, Gracian bolted to the statue’s shoulder to look down at his mistress.
“Arlian! Quickly!”
Getting up and leaning over, he saw what Gracian was so worried about. Schuarists. All over. Some were running away, but more were pouring into the park, ready to fight for their friends.
And then he saw a watchman in his blue and white tabard, gleaming plate glinting darkly in the receding darkness.
The sky was now a dark purple. Light to see by was becoming scarce.
Arlian tuned about, slid off the statue’s shoulder and would have burned the skin off his hands had it not been for his gloves. The tips of his fingers still burned, but not so bad that he wouldn’t be able to hold his sword should he need it.
When he hit the ground, he fell and rolled into the pathway. Jorrissiana pulled her hands back as if Arlian’s fall had been her fault. “Oh deer,” she said. “Are you all right.”
Getting up, he nodded, his eyes coming into contact with the Watchman. He was staggering, his hand on his forehead, blood—enough of it to drip onto his tabard, causing dark maroon blotches.
Arlian jumped in front of Jorrissiana, took in his surroundings to make sure they wouldn’t be flanked. Right now they seemed all right, as most of the Schuarists were concentrated about a hundred paces away. 
It seemed they were holding a bridge against the other Watchmen, though there were men crossing the stream to flank the Schuarists, which may cause them to disperse. None of their weapons were drawn. Instead, they used shields and clubs wrapped in cloth to pad the blows so as not to kill—unlike these malcontents, who seemed to be looking for excuses to kill Watchmen and then claim accident.
In this climate, holding these people was a bad idea, even if the trumped up charges were only apparent due to the incessant politicking between princes Kandrion and Balthazar.
So long as it wasn’t with a blade, they could call any and all deaths simply an accident, the fault of the Watch for tangling with them—oppressing them—and forcing them to resist.
“Are you all right, man?” Arlian asked, taking the watchman by the shoulders.
He looked into Arlian’s face, but he seemed somewhat dazed. This man needed bed rest and tonics immediately. Hopefully he didn’t need any magical attention, though the Schuarists would probably be all too happy to provide it, giving the impression that their magicks were savers of anyone and everyone. It made their cause look good.
Arlian would pay that price, if it came to that, though he didn’t want to bolster their cause—he would if it meant saving one of his men.
“Can you walk?”
The man nodded. “I’ll be all right, my lord.”
Gracian dropped down to the path behind them. 
“All right, everyone stay close. We need to get to safety—back to Headquarters preferably.”
“The Schuarists are coming from the north, and we can’t cross the bridge,” the bloodied watchman said.
“What is your name?” Arlian asked.
“It’s Jorlyn, my lord.”
“Very well, Jorlyn. Let’s get your cuirass off.”
“My lord?”
“You’re not fit. The weight is too much for you to bear.”
He nodded thickly and together Gracian and Arlian cut the man’s tabard off, then removed his armor plating.
“Do we really have time for this?”
Yes they did. Arlian wasn’t going to leave his man here while they ran off. “No matter, Council Woman. Let’s be off.”
Together the small group took the path leading to the right side of Kiryndaro’s statue at a brisk trot. Surprisingly the council woman was able to keep up, being seventy and three.
The ornamental shrubs kept them mostly concealed from the Schuarists on the bridge, but still more were flocking into the gardens from their from the north side of outer Aevalin.
Fortunately, during these uncertain times, the parks were not being cared for as they normally wood, and so the lanterns lighting the pathways and pavilions spread out about the meadows and forests were mostly dark.
They came into one of the open pavilions.
“Wait,” Gracian said, gasping along with Jorlyn, who was leaning over the servant’s shoulder. “Just one moment.”
“Surely you’re not tired already, man?”
“Apologies, my lady.”
Jorlyn gasped for air, moving to seat himself on the bench, and crying out from what was clearly intense pain in his skull. “I’m—I’m sorry. Leave me.”
“What is this?” Arlian demanded, taking a step forward. He wasn’t angry because the man needed to rest—he was angry because he was giving up.
“I’m slowing… you down, my lord.” Each word came out laborious and slow.
“We’re not leaving you—“
“Shh!” Gracian hissed. “Someone’s coming!”
Voices came from the incline behind the pavilion—at least half a dozen of them. They were so close, Arlian could hear their footsteps on the grass, their voices, fevered, angry—some of them laughing, the malcontents bastards having a reckless night out in the city among tens of thousands more just like him—some of which were far worse.
And now they were surrounded.
“Hey!” a startled voice called from the doorway behind Arlian.
He spun, spotted a silhouette of a hooded man. “Who are you? What do you think you’re doing out here?”
Wearing a beaker, and at this hour, the man looked like a follower of the demonic arts for a certainty.
“We’re—“ Arlian said, but broke off, unsure of what to say. He wasn’t accustomed to lying, or making up stories on short notice.
“We found this watchman,” Jorrissiana said, gesturing to Jorlyn. “We were trying to assist him.”
Damn woman. Why did she say that?
The other men piled into the pavilion. There were five of them inside, at least five more out, looking over the shoulders of their beaker-faced friends.
“And why would you wan’ a do that?” the man in the other doorway—the one they had come in from—said.
“Well…” Jorrissiana said, trailing off. “We don’t want them dead—isn’t that right?”
“Oh, I don’ know ‘bout that,” one of the men who was unable to enter the pavilion said. He was taller than his fellows inside. “Some of these magic-haters quite deserve it, is my thinkin’.”
“And you,” yet another voice called. This man was also in the pavilion, but behind his friend who was blocking their forward escape. “It seems to me that you are in fact, wearing some armor yourself, sir.”
Shit.
The words, the tone of voice, and the carefulness in not clipping his speech told Arlian that this man was upper class. Aristocracy, even.
He turned, looked at the man, but of course saw nothing through his demonic-looking beaker, except his was pure white.
Definitely a noble of some sort.
There was nothing he could say to get out of this. The man knew exactly what he was. “Do you hear that?” he asked, cupping a hand to the side of his head. He wasn’t hooded, though he did wear the robes of the Schuarists—his were of a dark maroon color. “That will be the sound of our fellows—getting cracked and beaten into the dirt by your friends, watchman.”
No one said anything to that.
Except for the sounds of the distant commotion and errant voices out in the meadows, one would be able to hear a drop of sweat hit the marbled floors of the pavilion they were standing in.
“Perhaps,” Arlian suggested, “such close proximity is not wise... the plague, you see.”
Without another word, the man in the white beaker turned and strode out, said, in a completely casual tone of voice, “Kill them.”
Jorrissiana gasped sharply.
Arlian reacted.

VIII
Without thinking, Arlian took hold of his sword hilt and drew his blade. With a powerful spin on his heel, his sword connected with the man near the doorway and the other on his right.
Both men cried out, and then the pavilion was a mess of sharp movements in the dark.
“Kill him!”
Arlian brought his blade down in an overhead strike, his sword cutting through something in a wet chopping sound that ended in a silenced scream.
Something smashed into him and he sprawled to the cold marble floor, his sword scraping loudly. He wriggled to get out from under the weight pressing him down, when suddenly, whoever was atop him grunted loudly and fell to the side.
Gracian grunted once, again, a third time as he kicked someone in the darkness.
Lady Jorrissiana screamed and Arlian scrabbled for his sword, picking it up and rolling to his back.
One of the Schuarists came at him with a club with what passed for a battle cry.
In the darkness, Arlian could barely make out his silhouette as he raised his blade in defense. The impact of the Schuarist’s blow against his sharp sword caused his club to cut in two.
Arlian kicked him in the shin. The man cried out and fell to the floor with him, but instead of using his sword, he backhanded the man with his armored forearm.
The man screamed, but the first blow merely stunned him, for his beaker protected him somewhat from Arlian’s blow. He repeated the process, the man grunting as he shielding himself with his arms.
 “Off me!” Jorrissiana cried out. “I said off me, you lout!”
Arlian righted himself, grabbed the Schuarist assaulting her by the scruff of his neck in as steely a grip as he could. The attacker desisted his efforts and squirmed out of Arlian’s grasp. That’s when he brought the pummel of his sword into the man’s neck. It made a crunching sound and he fell, gurgling.
 “We have to go!” Arlian shouted.
Jorrissiana made a sound, half gasp, half emotional outburst. With all the distractions, Arlian hadn’t noticed the incessant thumping, until he realized one of the hooded  malcontents was repeatedly lading blows atop Jorlyn’s head and shoulders.
He wasn’t moving.
“Get off him!”
Arlian sliced the man’s arm off, a gout of black spray ejecting from his silhouetted stump and he screeched like a dying animal and fell back squirming and kicking.
“Jorlyn!” Arlian called. Without going to the man, he tuned to make sure Gracian was still alive, but the man was kicking his feet against the floor, a Schuarist atop him, his hands around Gracian’s neck.
Arlian walked to their side, kicked the Schuarist off of him and then drove the point of his blade into the man’s chest. He cried out and died amidst the moaning of his friends—one with a smashed face, the other with a missing arm.
As he pulled the blade free, the metal hummed with vibration. Gracian gasped, sat up and coughed hoarsely. Arlian went to check on Jorlyn. He nudged the man. “Jorlyn!” The watchman didn’t answer. “Jorlyn!”
Fuck. He was dead.
“Oh gods,” Jorrissiana moaned. “Oh good gods.”
“Get up, Gracian,” Arlian commanded.
The man did as he was told. Fortunately these dead and dying men didn’t receive reinforcements from their friends, who were probably now distracted at the bridge, any and all death cries believed to be the cried of their group and not the Schuarists.
“Let’s get out of here,” Jorrissiana suggested. 
“Are you”—Gracian coughed—“are you all right, my lady?”
“I’m alive.”
“Jorlyn’s dead,” Arlian said plainly.
“Hells,” Gracian muttered.
“It’s time to go.” Arlian stepped out of the pavilion in a half crouch, moving as silently as his boots would allow.
Angry voices called out in the distance, but they had nothing to do with what had just happened in the pavilion.
Arlian’s grip on his sword was still slick, but with his gloved hands, he still had a solid grasp of his weapon.
“My lady,” Gracian whispered in a half hiss. “Stay close.”
“”I am. Do you take me for a fool?”
“No, I—“
Arlian whirled on them. “Silence.”
With the bloody sword in his hand, blood on his body from the spray during the slashes he’d inflicted, he must have looked like a mad man.
They shut up, and Arlian was able to lead them farther north-west where they found another bridge. The meadow and the crossing was deserted—only the pale light of Arunia and Felwyn visibly filling the darkness.
Crossing that bridge, they made it to the iron-wrought gates, their shadows cast darkly on the walking stones.
Slowly, they ventured out, glancing about their surroundings. There was a red glow in the distance, but the conflagration wasn’t visible from where they were. The smell of smoke hung in the air.
The fires were still burning.
“Stop acting so suspicious,” Arlian said.
Together, Jorrissiana and Gracian straightened. Arlian wasn’t sure it was much use, since he was still wearing watchman armor on his arms and shins, his bloody sword visible to anyone who bothered to take notice past half a glance.
It didn’t matter.
“It’s quiet,” Gracian said.”
“Mmm,” the council woman murmured, but Arlian could see her grasping her fist in an attempt to stop shaking.
Even he was shaking.
“We’re okay. There’s no rioting here.”
Jorrissiana glanced at him. “Are we safe?”
“I think so, but we won’t be completely safe until I get you to Headquarters.”
“What about your man, Brakso and the men he brought?”
“They’re soldiers—they can take care of themselves.” Of course, the statement brought the image of Jorlyn’s fresh corpse to mind, the sound of that club braking his skull, cracking his bones.
The statement wrung hallow to his ears, but there was nothing for it. Arlian couldn’t save Brakso and the other watchmen. They would have to find a way out of that mess on their own.
Or hold on until Arlian could send reinforcements after they made it back to the City Watch Headquarters.

IX
They weren’t far, and so it didn’t take the three of them long to get there. After walking down several streets, hiding behind a roadside corner as a small group of Schurists and their malcontented hangers on left the area, they finally made it to an area of the city that had very little negative activity.
Being so close to the Watch Headquarters, it was only expected.
But there were some Schuarists out there suspected of planning some kind of demonstration. 
More like an attack, Arlian thought.
They were met at the gate by guards, who quickly let them through. Arlian was feeling like a bundle of rotted driftwood, physically and mentally. He had lost a man mere feet away, and more were probably dying now.
 “Well,” Jorrissiana said, turning to regard the grounds and the high wall with guards and parapets protecting the Watch Headquarters. “We made it.”
Gracian nodded in the light of the torches, He looked worn and tired. On the left side of his face was a purple bruise the size of a man’s palm. “Perhaps a runner, to fetch our man to pick the lady up?”
“Not yet,” Arlian said. “We need written statements of what happened. Your signatures of trust are needed. This has gone too far.”
“Are you saying this way planned?” Jorrissiana asked, looking startled. 
He nodded. “A large group of Schuarists break into the High City, and two mercenaries armed and armored find their way into your house? Yes, Council Woman, I have no doubts that this was planned.”
“So,” she said, “they wish to kill me to nullify my vote, since the princes are tied now, and my decision will be the deciding factor.”
Arlian nodded, saying nothing.
King Dalthyn was a good man, and he loved both of his sons, despite Balthazar’s highly questionable behavior—and even worse, his devotion to the dark magicks. In times of peace, Dalthyn would have been the perfect king.
But now he was unable to choose his successor. Rather he would not, leaving it up to the King’s Council. Select lords and ladies, harkened upon to decide the fate of the kingdom.
The dark magicks, the necromancy. Arlian felt fear—a deep seated fear in his guts. If Balthazar became king, he would give the Grand Mage everything he wanted to perform his abominable ritual.
So far, Dalthyn’s policies regarding those magicks had been one of restraint, for the most part. Allowing the king to speak to his dead wife had been the Grand Mage’s first inroad into breaking barriers of trust and acceptability. 
And now that he was dying, there seemed no end to what certain individuals would go to in their quest to achieve magical power—and dominance.
Damn that decision to allow limited necromancy into the kingdom of Aevalin.  
Arlian’s personal clerk Yahan, found her way to them. “My lord,” she exclaimed, eyes wide. “Are you all right?”
“Quite fine, Yahan,” he said, walking into the Headquarters proper. His boots put stains on the blue runner. The white border stripes didn’t help conceal the blood tracks as Arlian made his way up the steep stairs toward his office. “Send a patrol to the parks north-east of the High City entrance gate. 
She followed. “But Commander, we don’t have enough men.”
“Find them. Do whatever you have to. Those men are in danger.”
“Yes, my lord,” she said, jotting his orders down on a piece of paper. “Have the council woman Jorrissianna and her servant Gracian processed. I’ll give you my statement soon enough.”
She hummed her acknowledgement as he sat down in his tall chair. On his desk before him was a sealed letter, the wax revealing the personal stamp of Prince Kandrion.
He picked it up, about to open it, when Jorrissiana, followed by Arlian, approached. “How long will this take?”
“Take?” Arlian said, hearing the frustration in his own voice. “As long as it must!”
She cocked her head, but kept her mouth shut.
“Did you say you wanted to go back to your residence?” Arlian continued. 
“No. Well… yes. I have another residence.”
“Is it safe?’
She shrugged. “Quite, I’m sure.”
He nodded, feeling like he could close his eyes and sleep slumped over his desk right here in this chair. “After you’re processed, Yahan here will send a few men to check on your residence and the neighborhood to double check, then if everything is in the clear, go home, but I will keep guards in your home to protect you.”
She nodded agreeably. “That’s quite well, Commander.”
“If there’s nothing else, Yahan will show you were you can wait.” He signed her handwriting containing all of the orders he had given her. She took the paper and lead council woman Jorrissiana and Gracian away.
He picked up the letter—
“Oh! Commander.”
He flicked his eyes up. “Yes?”
“Thank you. For coming to my house in the High City… and… well—thank you.”
He nodded. 
Arlian had only been doing his duty. He would do it ten times over if he had to. Unfortunately, he couldn’t go back out to check on Brakso and Captain Lech. 
He was too tired. 
From the recent exertions, he could tell he was about to collapse. He broke the seal on the letter, crossed pinions behind a lion’s head, its mane flaring aggressively while in mid roar.
He began to read the letter.

Arlian,
This has gone too far. My father knows it, but he does nothing. Can do nothing. Fortunately I’ve managed to gain enough support to demand an inquest of the Grand Mage concerning his plans should my brother win this foolish and destructive contest.
This has to end.
I know you are busy, but if you can find the time, please be there. The inquest will begin on the morn. 
It seems a cruel jest, but I hope this note finds you well my friend.
Kandrion
He folded the letter and tossed it on his desk. He wanted to see Mariel, not attend yet another inquest by the council in a vain attempt to question the Grand Mage. He always denied everything, pretended not to be aware of what his followers were doing.
Pusillanimous. That was the word that came to Arlian. 
The Grand Mage operated in plain sight, and yet legally he was free from blame. Arlian felt honor bound to do something.
To save Aevalin.
And the world. If the berries were broken, dark magicks and surely evil beings would poor through. And for what? So the Grand Mage Klause Schuar could have more power?
To save people with their newfound magic? To speak to the dead?
The risks were—
There he fell asleep, slumped at his desk.

X
Arlian blinked, realized he had fallen asleep. How long had he slept for? Leaning back, his eyes caught the letter on his desk—the one written by Prince Kadrion.
He had forgotten to tell Yahan about it, to wake him up and the appropriate time. Looking to his left where the window was, bright golden rays of light shone into the room, casting skewed triangular patterns on the blue carpet.
He remembered the wording in the prince’s letter.

I know you are busy, but if you can find the time, please be there. The inquest will begin on the morn. 

Damn.
He got up, realizing a small quilt had been draped about his shoulders. Yahan was a good clerk—caring. He walked across the room and entered a door leading to his rooms. There was a fresh basin of warm water waiting for him.
He took off his gloves. They were crusted with dried blood. He washed his hands, emptied the basin and then poured more of the water from the pitcher and then washed his face.
Moving quickly, he removed his armored vambraces and shin guards before stripping naked. He put on fresh trousers, a white shirt and padded doublet. Normally, he’d just put on his blue cape and be off, but these were dangerous times, so he went to the closet and opened the wooden door there. It creaked as his armor sets were revealed. One was missing, as it was the set he had been using, now missing his cuirass.
These were no simple pieces that came at a small cost. To his left was the second set—more ornamental. The armor was painted in white and blue and had gold trimming with only some of the polished gleam of the steal showing.
It only took him a few minutes to put the armor on, and then the cape over that. His sword was still bloody, but he didn’t have time to wash it, so he left his matching scabbard behind in preference for the one he had been using.  He buckled it on and headed out.
Arlian would have liked to bathe property. He just felt wrong putting on clean clothes and his best set of armor knowing he still had sweat, grime, and the blood of dead men on his skin.
“Oh, my lord,” Yahan said. “I was coming to wake you. We have urgent—“
“Is it more urgent than the inquest of the Grand Mage where Prince Kandrion and half of the King’s Council will be present, that I am in fact, currently late for?”
She shook her head. “No, Commander. Please forgive me. I’m sorry I didn’t wake you.”
“There’s no fault,” he said, “I forgot to tell you about the prince’s letter. I was so tired.”
“Oh!” she exclaimed.
“What is it?”
“Captain Lech and Brakso returned last night, Commander.”
He waited, saying nothing as he waited for her report.
“I’m afraid one Watchman was killed, seven or eight others wounded, but all in all they were able to make it back to Headquarters safely.”
Gods, he had completely forgotten to write his statement of the events last night before falling asleep at his desk.
Watchman Jorlyn. Dead.
And he’d forgotten…
“Thank you for informing me, Yahan.”
“On another note, council woman Jorrissiana and her servant Gracian Lorenovar were escorted safely to their resident in West Town and are under guard. Captain Orvyn and his men have been dispatched to deal with the fires in the South Ward and the fires are almost gone.”
“Excellent!”
At least some good things came of what he had done last night, and that the fires were almost put out, was great news. Those suffering from the plague were often snuffed in areas where the acrid smoke took hold. In their weakened states, they had simply died.
Hopefully the inquest would produce some results, but Arlian’s heart sunk a little, as he knew better.
She nodded. “No time for breakfast, then?”
“None.”
“My lord, please let me accompany you. When we arrive,” she followed him as he began to walk down the stairs, “I can set out to find you something to eat.”
“That will not be necessary.”
“Commander, please. You haven’t eaten in over a day, and did you even drink anything this morning?”
 “You won’t be any use to this city if you drop from exhaustion,” she added. “Please, let me help you.”
He thought about that for a moment. No he hadn’t had anything to drink. He was thirsty, and groggy.
 “Fine,” he said. “You have a point. You may come along.”
“Thank you.” 
Together, they exited through the arched doors at the front of the Headquarters. They were usually left open, as the main gate was where visitors would be admitted or turned away, and opening the main doors every time someone arrived or had to leave was too much of a hassle.  It took three men to the door.
Arlian breathed in deeply. The morning air was cool, and the weather was not yet hot, but the sun was shining brightly, promising what would otherwise be a wonderful summer day had it not been for the troubles of their time.
Gods, Arlian wished this shit would end. But no, it would not. He, among many other good men would have to make it end.
Close on his heels, Yahan followed Arlian to the stables. They were in frequent use, but horses and carriages were always left behind with drivers in case of emergencies, or if Arlian and his captains needed quick transportation.
“Koladar,” he said, addressing one of the drivers on duty. “We’re going to the castle.”
Koladar, the driver was a tall man with long black hair tied into a tail at the nape of his neck. He nodded, pulled his gloves out from where he had them tucked under his belt before climbing up onto the coach as Arlian and Yahan got inside.
“Yah!” Kolidar cried, the crack of the reigns sounding from outside.
The coach wheeled out of the stables, the wheels loud on the rough cobblestones inside City Watch walls.
The streets outside were much smoother.
As soon as the coach left the gate and there was less noise, Yahan said, “Do you think anything will come of this inquest of the Grand Mage?”
“Probably not,” Arlian said. “If it were up to me I’d have Klause Schuar’s head cut off and his followers run out of the city.”
Yahan’s eyes widened. It probably wasn’t the idea he voiced that shocked her, but rather that it was coming from him, the Commander of the City Watch. It was he who was in charge of keeping the peace inside of Aevalin.
“Don’t look at me like that.”
“Forgive me, my lord. But Aevalin is a kingdom of laws. We must uphold them. It’s out sacred duty and—“
“I’m well aware,” Arlian said, cutting her off. He glanced about the inside of the coach. It was not a luxurious one. The Watch never used luxurious coaches. He regarded the streets and hedges outside of the wooden panel. It had small holes to allow in air and somewhat of a view while it was closed.
He slid it open.
“I didn’t mean to sound like I was scolding you,” she said.
“There’s no offense taken,” Arlian said. “But you’re wrong.”
“My lord?”
He looked at her, wondering if he should even bother speaking to her about this. She was a clerk—she would not affect change. He needed to speak to Prince Kandrion on these matters.
Unable to help himself, he said, “Laws only matter unless the people believe in them. While the Grand Mage and his followers plot the demise of what our kingdom stands for, bring in more dark magicks and open a portal to dangerous realms only the gods know of, our laws mean less and less.”
She looked at him, and he could tell she wasn’t quite sure what to say to that. Or maybe she simply didn’t want to argue with him? Arlian was a lord and the Commander of the City Watch. He was leagues ahead of her in station and social stature.
Despite that, Arlian always encouraged his subordinates to be open with him. His lordly position and legal stature within the kingdom gave him more responsibilities, and therefore afforded him more deference and respect, but that didn’t mean a commoner should have no opinions, and be able to voice them.
With these thoughts, he still didn’t tell her to go on. No. He wasn’t interested right now.
This damn inquest was a waste of time. What was it—the third one now?
Arlian had to school his face to keep from involuntarily scowling. He found that lately he went about his day scowling more and more, and only realized it by the way others reacted around him, or when he saw himself in the looking glass.
When they got back from this venture, his desk would be piled with the day’s reports. He already had half a dozen there waiting for him when he woke up, but didn’t even bother looking at them. He didn’t have the time. There were twenty more from the previous day he hadn’t gotten to. 
Only the most pressing matters could be attended to.
The City Watch Headquarters wasn’t far from the castle, and after not a long time passed they arrived, were admitted through the gate and stopped at the stables.
“I’ll go to the kitchens,” Yahan said. “Meet you after?”
Arlian nodded.
“Hey,” she said, her tone somewhat rebuking.
“What is it?”
“I know things are bad,” she said. “But you never know. Something could come of this.”
“You’re right. Let’s see what happens.”
Though he didn’t believe anything would.
She smiled, turned and left for the kitchens while Arlian was lead into the main audience hall by porters. “You’re late, my lord,” the head butler said.
“Indeed.”
Putting out a hand, he said, “Your sword, please?”
“Are you serious, Sennica?”
“They are the rules, my lord,” the butler said, his voice bored and wooden. 
Arlian sighed as he unbuckled his sword belt. “You would think growing up with the Prince would have proven my loyalty.”
“Again, my lord, they are—“
“Yes, yes! The rules, Sennica. The rules!”
He strode through the black and white checkered foyer and through the doors on left side of the stairs, leading the butler. Arlian was well acquainted with the castle, knew where everything was. He wouldn’t waste more time.
The halls were quiet, unlike many parts of the city, lifeless even, except for the stone-still guards in their armor holding their pole arms with spear-tipped axe heads.
The castle was enormous and the halls seemingly endless, with many turn offs leading to different areas. Arlian’s destination was straight, straight, and left, where the King’s Council chamber presided, which consisted of a large floor and a raised audience chamber surrounding the octagonal-shaped room. Each booth could hold three rows of five, and were adorned with heavy red curtains.
At the back of the chamber was a throne, and at the center, a dais for speaking. All in all, it was somewhat of a backup throne chamber, but also a council chamber of inquest, judgment, and on occasion, execution.
He came to the large doors, showed the prince’s letter, and the guards in their colorful livery admitted him into the outer halls.
Arlian walked along the smooth carpet, his footfalls nearly silent. He could hear voices traveling about, though the words were indistinguishable.
Looking into the full booths, he spotted courtiers with familiar faces, council men and women, mages and sorceresses. It was quite the amalgamation.
 He continued to walk until he came to the prince’s booth, so marked by the extra pairs of guards in the hall. Arlian entered quietly and sat next to Kandrion, where one of the comfortable chairs had evidentally been left vacant for him.
“…and is it not true, lord Schuar that you made public statements…”
“You’re here,” Kandrion said, sounding surprised. Then quietly he hissed, “You’re late.”
“Forgive me, my Prince,” Arlian said. “I have no excuse.”
“You have ten thousand excuses, Arlian—you simply choose not to equip yourself with them. It’s good to see you.”
“Have I missed anything?”
The prince paused for a moment—“…and you said that, knowingly, when in full earnestness the only possible outcome would be violence—“
“I knew nothing of the sort,” the Grand Mage said, towering over the inquest officer. He stood a full head taller, his upper lip shaved. His bald scalp and his sunken eyes gave Arlian the impression of the deathly ill. “I do not give orders to these so called ‘Schuarists’ some people have taken to calling them. There are no secret plots or dispatches carried out—and if there were, I trust you could supply such evidences. That some do not personally adhere to the achievements I’ve made, and the future wellbeing I hold for this kingdom, does not make me this grand villain some wish to paint me as.”
“This goes beyond rhetoric,” the inquest officer said. “We’re talking about very real consequences. Things—terrible things are happening now in our kingdom of Aevalin that cannot be denied. This fracture between those who wish to pursue the magical arts and anti-magickers is a false dichotomy, one perpetuated by your politickers as well as that of Prince Balthazar’s.”
The Grand Mage, Klause Schuar shrugged. “I do not see Prince Balthazar here.” He looked about. “Why is he not enduring yet another inquest as I am?”
“Here! Here!” a voice shouted from the audience, and there was a round of general support. 
“Silence!” the floor man called. He stood in his ominous black robes, apart from the inquest officer and the Grand Mage, who were both atop the dais for all to see.
“It seems to me,” Klause Schuar called, “that I am nothing more than your political foil to parry with—otherwise the prince would be here, on this floor as I am. This. Is. Politics!”
“Yes!” a voice shouted from the other side of the audience chambers. 
“He’s right!” another called.
“Lies,” a woman called from their side. “All lies.”
The chamber combusted into a rabble of anger and shouts from both sides, intermingling to be heard as the floor man cried for silence, and yet none could hear him.
A sudden anger took Arlian.
For the god’s sake, he thought, getting up from his chair and stalking out of the chamber. The same thing as last time—always the same. Useless waste of time. The inquest officer—or was it Aevalin culture?—couldn’t even get it right. 
Pursuit of magic?
Necromancy was not just magic. They did not—and it seemed would not—gather their priorities into the right sorting basket!
Fools.
Every time an inquest was called of the Grand Mage he wiggled—more like slithered—his way out of blame using logic.
His right, but what was happening was obvious. There was too much support for Klause Schuar’s cause that had been erupting into violence. For months now!
Denying at key intersections, yet never publically making statements against the way these malcontents acted, claiming such an action would incense them into civil war, and yet the king wouldn’t order it.
He had too fond a memory speaking to the dead queen using necromancy supplies by the desiccated old—
“Arlian!”
It was Kandrion calling him.
Arlian stopped, turned in the hall. Kandrion trotted to him and they began to talk together. “I have other things to do, Highness. This city needs me out there.” He pointed in a general direction. “I serve no better purpose at these political events.”
“I know,” he said. “I’m sorry. I didn’t wish to waste your time, it’s—“
“Sorry?” Arlian asked abruptly. “Sorry?” There was a pause between them, but then Arlian continued, cutting Kandrion off before he could respond. “Kandrion, you are my prince. I serve at your pleasure.”
“Yes.”
“If it were up to me”—he had started loudly, but then lowered his voice to a hissed whisper—“I’d have that man’s coach attacked while he returned to his tower—those Schuarist malcontents ran out of the city by way of the sword with the military.”
“It’s not right,” Kandrion said. “This is the kingdom of Aevalin. We’re better than that, and my father the king—“
“There won’t be a kingdom if that madman opens a nether gate to let in the dark magicks! The Council of High Magic is in agreement on this. Why do you not trust those men and women over this villain in our midst? You know as well as I do what has to be done.”
He nodded.
“So why won’t you do it?”
“It would mean war, Arlian.”
The butler Sennica cleared his throat and they both looked up. The old man looked at them expectantly, almost as if urging them to stop talking. He was holding Arlian’s sword. “Shall I call your coach, lord Brennovo?”
“Yes,” Arlian said. “Prince Kandrion was just seeing me off.” He turned to the other man—his friend—of whom he had spent a dozen summers with evading castle guards to go swimming in the river and cheating on assignments given to them by their tutors. They had spent countless hours practicing at swords, and spying on girls.
Gods, those were the days.
“It will destroy us, Arlian.”
How things had changed, so very, very much. “This will destroy us, my Prince. I hope you come to see that. And sooner rather than later. Your brother and the Grand Mage—“
“Do not speak ill of my brother, Arlian.”
Arlian came up short. Bowed slightly. “My apologies.” The bow was not a mocking one. Though Arlian was afforded liberties with Kandrion, there was always a line he was unable to cross—though he had brushed up against it from time to time, that line never budged very much.
He turned to Sennica, snatched his sword out of the old man’s hand and lead him back out of the castle.
Arlian knew now—what had to be done. Aevalin would be destroyed, the world possibly. The dangers were too great. If Prince Balthazar won the choosing, there would be no coming back from the damage he and his Grand Mage would wreak.
Fortunately council woman Jorrissiana held the deciding vote, of which she was supposed to cast today. But if Prince Balthazar’s goons or the Schuarists were able to get to her, or any of the council men and woman not aligned with their side, and “change their minds,” that would spell disaster for the kingdom.
Unfortunately, Arlian was not involved in their protection. The King’s Guard was responsible for that. Whether or not corruption within the guard existed, Arlian didn’t know.
He felt powerless, like everything relied on the cast of a pair of dice.
Coming up short to the stables, he remembered he was supposed to meet Yahan in the kitchens for food and drink—what he had agreed to do.
Turning, he found Sennica looking at him suspiciously. “You always were a troublemaker, my lord.”
Narrowing his eyes at the petulant old man, Arlian began to make his way to the kitchens, his appetite completely gone.
“May the gods speed you away, my lord.”
He didn’t respond to the old ogre. Sennica never liked him even when he was younger. 
When Arlian met Yahan, he stuffed himself as if he might not eat again for days. He would need the strength.
Things would get far worse before they got better.
If they got better… Perhaps it simply wasn’t the will of the gods. 
That thought made the pit in Arlian’s stomach stir.

XI
“So how did things progress?” Yahan asked.
“Arlian tried not to scowl too deeply. “About as well as you’d expect,” he said, looking out of the coach as they headed back to headquarters.
“Maybe next time.”
“Please,” Arlian said. He knew he was being negative, but he felt very negative about this. “If nothing has come of these inquests by now, nothing will. The king’s time is limited. Our only hope rests on council woman Jorrissiana.”
“We should watch her closely, then.”
“My thoughts exactly. When we get back I want you to fill out an order for more guards and I’ll sign it as soon as you give it to me.”
Yahan, nodded. She was a pretty woman, but not something Arlian mused on, as he was happily married to Mariel, but that didn’t mean he never noticed.
“Are you married?”
Her eyebrows raised. “No, my lord. Why do you ask?”
He shrugged. “No reason. I just wish to know you better. We do have the time after all.”
“It just hasn’t happened yet. My father has a few eligible bachelor’s in his sights. I’m sure he’ll ask me which one I like best, assuming they pass his measures.”
“I see.”
They turned onto another street. It was the fast street. Here the roads were much wider, to give those on foot extra safety while they walked or came out of their residences.
Arlian almost regretted that they were on this street. He hadn’t had proper rest in days. As if in response to his thoughts and physical state, Yahan said, “You’re tired.”
He nodded quietly.
“My lord, you should go home.”
“I cannot. Too much to do. You know that. You know how bad things are.”
“Yes, but we’ve had a recent spate of good luck, despite Watchman Jorlyn’s death. The fires, Captain Lech’s company, the fires and the council woman.”
“All the more reason to work harder, to take advantages of this situation for the better good.”
“Except for when you collapse and then need three days of bed rest and careful supervision to make sure you don’t run off before you’re fit enough to do so.”
Arlian couldn’t help but smile. “Is that a threat?”
She smiled too. “Absolutely, my lord.”
Sniffing in amusement, Arlian nodded. “Fine. I’ll sort the reports when we get back and then take the night off.”
“You’ll go home,” she insisted.
“Yes.”
He did want to see Mariel. It had been four or five days now. He was so tired he’d lost count. But on each of the mornings, he scratched a few quick words in a letter to her, usually two or three lines, and gave that to a runner. Not a runner from the City Watch. They were indispensible right now.
The coach slowed suddenly, so much so that Yahan fell out of her seat. She’d have smashed into Arlian, but he caught her. 
“Whoa!” Koladar called loudly.
“Koladar! What is the matter, man?”
He stepped off the coach. 
“What’s happening?”
He leaned toward the window and his eyes widened. It was Koladar. He was lying face down on the street, a hole through his head and a puddle of blood forming. 
That was a crossbow bolt wound.
“Shit!”
Yahan glanced about wildly. “What is it?” 
“We’re under attack!”
“WHAT?”
Arlian grabbed the shield off the back wall above the leather-cushioned seat and then opened the door. “Stay here!”
He charged out, and a bolt ricocheted off his shield. The man ahead of him lowered his weapon, looked at him, then put it to the ground to crank for another shot.
Arlian charged him and drew his sword with a metallic rasp of crusty blood. When the crossbowman realized what was happened, he dropped the projectile weapon and drew for his short sword, but Arlian was already on him, bringing his blade down over his shoulder, leaving a grouting wound.
The man cried out briefly and collapsed, his leather vest giving him not protection against the razor sharpness of Arlian’s blade.
A woman screamed from the coach. 
It was Yahan! Whirling, he found her being pulled out and thrown on the ground by an armored assailant. She tried to get up, but he backhanded her so hard her lip broke and blood spurted onto the street.
Completely stunned, she hardly moved now as Arlian came up short. The man before him was much like the other two mercenaries he had fought and killed in Jorrissiana’s apartments in the High City.
He smirked, looked down at Yahan.
Gods—no!
He brought the point of his sword down—almost casually. Yahan screeched, crying in what Arlian knew was pure agony.
“STOP!”
The bastard before him narrowed his eyes, pulled his blade free, causing Yahan to erupt in new cries.
“Damn you!” Arlian cried. He sprinted forward, and the mercenary stepped over Yahan as two others came out from behind the coach, which was blocked by a wagon.
Arlian saw them, but his sights were on the lead man. “You,” he called, raising his sword and pointing at the man with his finger. “You die for that.”
Chuckling, the mercenary raised his blade, ready for their duel. As his friends fanned out, Arlian walked toward him, at ease, his sword and shield resting at his sides.
When he came close enough for the mercenary to take his first swing, Arlian brought his shield up, deflecting the blow as he simultaneously brought his fist into the mercenaries’ face. The man’s head whipped back, and he stumbled.
Sword fighters rarely expected a punch, and almost let their guard down when you were so close you couldn’t probably get a swing or a stab in.
That’s when the two others came in, one with a shield and short sword, the other with a long sword like the first man Arlian had just gotten a good hit on. He blocked the blow from the man with the shield, came in for a strike, but the man raised his shield in defense. Arlian’s sword glanced off the side, a metallic screech issuing from the contact.
Being close to the man with the shield who had just blocked his attack, Arlian spun on his heal and took several steps back.
The first man came in from his left. Arlian dodged the blow altogether by sidestepping him. Being at his rear side, Arlian hit him on the back of the head with the flat of his sword and he sprawled into the grass.
This seemed to force the other two men to take stock of Arlian’s skills in a fight. They came together, staying abreast of one another so Arlian couldn’t attack just one of them at a time.
This fight just got harder.
But instead of doing what his opponents thought he would, and that would be to back away—to be careful, he lunged forward in an aggressive attack toward the man on the left. His enemy parried the blow, but before the other man could strike with his sword, Arlian lunged toward him, raising his armored vambrace and deflecting the slight attack. Due to Arlian’s close proximity, the force behind the man’s strike was not as powerful as it could have been, and he with his sword arm deflected to the side, Arlian brought his forehead down into the man’s face, his nose making a painful-sounding crack.
As the man who parried his first attack came in for another strike, he sidestepped that blow, the blade lightly glancing of off his shield as Arlian swung his blade high in a horizontal arc that connected with the side of the man’s head. He went to the street in a spray of blood.
“You fucker!”
It was the first man. The one Arlian had hit on the back of the head with the flat of his sword.
“I’m not done killing your fellows yet,” Arlian snarled. He backed toward Yahan, who was moaning with the pain of her stabbed calf. She held her leg and it seemed she was trying to stifle the blood with her sash that she was using as a makeshift tourniquet.
Two down. Two to go.
The man he had cracked against the face had blood dribbling down his chin, his eyes half glazed. 
Hearing Arlian’s promise of death, he must have been dishearten, because he shook his head and backed away.
“What do you think you’re doing?” the other man growled. “You run, and you’re dead!”
“No,” he said, touching his chin with his hand, then looking at the blood, his eyes dragging about their little battlefield. “No, to the hells with this.” He turned and ran down the alley where Arlian had killed the crossbowman.
Growling, the mercenary who was still left, the man who had stabbed Yahan, lunged for Arlian with his two-handed sword.
Arlian parried the blade, tried to hit the man with the edge of his shield, which would surely have put a gash through his lip, but he pulled his head back in the last instant, and Arlian missed.
Pain shot through his knee and Arlian stumbled, realizing he had been kicked.  Grunting, and wincing against that pain—it hurt, but it wouldn’t put him out of commission—he backed away.
“I’m gonna kill you,” the mercenary said, and then with particular vindictiveness, he added with a jerk of his chin, “And then I’m going to kill her.”
“Then what are you waiting for, fool?”
This seemed to incense the man, and he screamed in rage, raised his sword and charged Arlian. With a quick overhand strike, he came at Arlian with a deathblow, but he parried with his shield and side stepped.
“Fight me, coward!”
Lunging forward again, the mercenary tried a horizontal slash. 
That was a mistake.
Arlian bowed below the strike then brought his sword up in a quick half-cut arc that put a small slice on the underside of his opponent’s upper arm. He cried out and staggered forward, turned and gripped the wound with his hand.
Face reddening, he grunted and spittle flew out of his mouth.
Arlian tossed his shield away, made a show of grasping the hilt of his sword with both hands and raising his blade high.
The mercenary, further enraged by his wound, lunged forward—the fool didn’t know when to quit—and came at Arlian with an under-sided arc. 
Their blades met and Arlian shunted the other man’s strike to the side, then brought his sword down. He parried, but Arlian didn’t desist his attack, and came at the man with another slash to his side.
That too he parried, but then took Arlian’s boot to his midsection, staggering him. When Arlian came at him with another overhead strike, his enemy shunted his arms to protect himself in a sloppy block that resulted in his inability to stop Arlian from flicking his sword back upward toward his face, his cold steel passing through the man’s cheek.
It was bloody, which resulted in the end of this fight, as the mercenary dropped his sword and grasped his face in a high pitched wail of pain.
After a moment, he managed to flick his eyes up toward Arlian as he held his face with a gloved hand, blood dripping profusely from that wound. With his other hand raised, he called, “Stop! I surrender.”
Arlian raised his blade.
“No, please!”
“Arlian!” Yahan called out to him. “Commander.” The tone in her voice told him he knew better than to execute the man.
Shit.
He flipped his blade to the flat and brought it down on the mercenary’s head, knocking him unconscious. Yahan moaned again, and Arlian ran to her side. “Are you all right?”
“I’m—well I don’t know, my lord.”
Tears were still streaming down her face, but Yahan was doing well not to cry out and sob, which surprised him.
He looked at the wound. It was bad, but didn’t seem like a wound that would prevent her from walking normally again. “We need to get you back to headquarters so Erruna can have a look at you.” 
“I didn’t know you could fight like that, my lord,” she said through a grunt of pain. “That was—“
“Hush.”
He looked about. There were some people in the area, shouting and calling for help. One woman peered out her window at what had happened, but otherwise there were no more mercenaries in the area, so he got up and told Yahan to wait while he lead one of the mercenary’s horses to her. 
“How did they know to find us here?” she asked.
“I don’t know.”
It baffled Arlian.
Unless…
Had it been Sennica? The thought was mad. But who else?
“Here,” he took her under her arms. “Put your hands around my neck.” She did as he instructed and Arlian lifted Yahan up, whereupon she lowered her good leg and stood on it.
“Ah—Ah!” she cried.
“It’s okay. Now I’m going to lift you, and you need to put your foot in the stirrup.” 
She nodded, her tears wet on his cheek.
It was awkward, and after two failed tries, she finally succeeded, and Arlian helped push her into the saddle by way of her backside. There was nothing inappropriate about what he was doing, he reminded himself, then he told her to scoot forward so he could mount the animal behind her.
Thankfully she was a tame horse and not overly large. Once he was atop, Yahan said, “Thank you.”
“For what?”
“Saving me, of course.”
“I saved us both, and I would save you again thanks or not.”
“Still,” she said, “thank you. Now what about him?” She jutted her chin in the direction of the unconscious mercenary. 
Yahan’s wound was no simple thing. They didn’t have time to find something to tie up that last mercenary with, and he didn’t want to wait for the Watch, which would be far from here, busy with other matters. “Well I wanted to kill him.”
“My lord! You know that’s not right.”
Indeed, but he had wanted to—for wondering her. And in his haste to get her back to headquarters and a healer, he had forgotten a vital piece of information. “Damn. We need him for questioning.”
It was slow and took a lot of time, but Arlian helped Yahan back off the hose and into the coach. He backed the animals up and turned them around, then went to check on the mercenary.
The man was awake, made to flee, but Arlian put a knick in his calf. Their would-be killer howled as he fell on his knees.
“That will keep you from running off. Now to the coach.”
The mercenary obeyed, crawling on his hands and knees the whole way. Arlian had to hit him a few times with the flat of his sword to get him to obey, and mounting one of the horses took even longer.
They made it back to headquarters without incident.
But what, Arlian wondered, standing in his office study, will they throw at us next? Someone wanted them dead—wanted him dead. 
And surely they wanted other important figures in support of Prince Kandrion dead as well.
Perhaps even the prince himself.

XII
“How are you feeling?” Arlian asked.
They were inside the hospital wing at the watch headquarters. Yahan was in bed, resting, but she was awake and quite alert.
“I’m fine,” she said. “It still hurts.”
“And will continue to hurt,” Erruna said. She wore the green and white robes of the medical mage, her golden hair tied back out of her face. “Magic is a wonderful tool for healing, but your body still remembers the hurt, and must forget.”
“Does that mean I can walk?”
Erruna nodded. “Soon. Tomorrow morning would be best.”
Yahan looked disappointed. Like Arlian, she didn’t want to quit working, especially in these times when people needed her. The Watch needed her, and Arlian needed her. But she had subordinates, so it would be fine.
“I’m glad you’re better,” Arlian said, and he smiled. “Now I must leave you.”
“You’re supposed to go home later, remember?”
“I still remember,” he said. “But we have a prisoner to question.”
“Do you think he’ll talk, my lord?”
Erruna was busying herself with some potions and ointments on a rack with wheels, but Arlian could tell she was listening.
It reminded him that there were spies in their midst. Otherwise their coach would not have been attacked.
Not Erruna, though. She was no spy.
“I don’t know.  Even if he does, we might not find a use for the information.”
“What do you mean?” Yahan seemed concerned.
“There’s been so much politicking by both sides, they may say any accusations we levy, assuming we get useful information, was simply squeezed out of him—a forced confession if you will.”
“That wouldn’t be useless. We would know who to keep our eyes on.”
Arlian knew who they needed to keep their eyes on. The Grand Mage Klause Schuar. But maybe the orders from the Schuarists probably didn’t filter down directly from him—to keep him out of the path of blame.
Which was why somebody needed to throw the Grand Mage off a roof.
“We will see.”
Yahan nodded.
“Feel better, soon,” Arlian said. 
“Thank you.”
He left her there, and stalked through the hospital wing, the day’s sun shining brightly through the tall windows. 
Arlian came to the main entrance, but continued straight, then down another wing, where their prisoner was being held in a basement. It was dark down here, and the stones were wet. Wheather there was a leak in the city’s aqueducts or if there was an underground source of water dampening the bricks, he didn’t know, but it gave the holding cells a particularly eerie air.
The guard saluted Arlian with a “My lord,” and opened the door. There was a thick wooden table at the center of the room, candelabras and wall sconces with torches lit the space.
A square of bright light shone on the table from the skylight above. That skylight, build in the brick edifice of the watch headquarters was particular of many dungeons throughout the land. The design was meant to give the prisoner a sense of the world outside, but while denying them that privilege.
Yseful, but Arlian didn’t like it.
In a chair on the other side of the table, the mercenary he had defeated earlier in the day sat, his hands manacled and chained to a ring set into the table. On the other end of the table was the interrogator, Corporal Cleryn.
They hadn’t hit him, as much as Arlian felt he would have enjoyed some satisfaction from doing so. They had even healed him, but unlike Yahan, he wasn’t given a bed and time to rest afterward. Instead, he had been hauled straight down here, limping along with the thick chains between his feet while two guards held him by either arm.
Also in the dank room was captains Lech and Cedras, who was back from his earlier assignment. They had been in the room with their new prisoner for nigh on three hours now.
“Has he said anything?” Arlian asked.
Lech turned to face him. He was a tall, thin man with a somewhat gaunt face. “He’s claiming to be a roadside bandit.”
“Do you know who I am?” he asked the mercenary.
The man looked at him. Sneered and shrugged. “You all look the same to me. Now can I have some water?”
Arlian was still wearing his decorative armor. The fool was being recalcitrant. “I’m the Commander of the City Watch.”
The mercenary’s eyes widened a bit at that. 
“We know you’re working for someone connected to the support for Prince Balthazar. But who?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“You murdered my coachman, wounded my clerk, and attempted to kill us. That’s a hanging offense. I could have you executed by tonight.”
That seemed to loosen him up as he glanced about, evidentially in thought. But still, he said nothing. 
What worked well was leaving a man with his own thoughts, the threat of death hanging in the air.
“He’s not going to say anything,” Arlian continued. “Leave him be. I’ll draw up the papers to be signed and then we can get this over with.”
The men got up and shuffled out of the room. 
Before closing the heavy door, Arlian could already see the worry on the man’s face. He would talk, but not this moment. In a few hours, when evening came, he would have the man hauled out for execution.
A pretend execution.
Arlian didn’t have the authority to execute a man. A magistrate had to sign off on the evidence, in this case, sworn statements by Arlian and Yahan and other witnesses in the area, of which he sent a man for as soon as Yahan was moved to the medical ward.
But an execution tonight? 
It wasn’t possible, and even if it was, the City Watch wasn’t responsible for that sort of business.
“Do you think your bluff will work?” Captain Lech asked as they left the stairs to the main level. 
“I think he’ll talk.”
“It could be that he’s afraid to speak. If he’s in line with the Schuarists—they could have something on him.”
Their voices would have otherwise carried in the stone corridors, but the watch headquarters was well furnished and carpeted, preventing that.
“Like what?” Arlian asked.
“My lord!” The four men turned around. It was the guard. “My lord, Arlian! There’s something wrong with the prisoner!”
Arlian pushed his way between Lech and Cleryn and sprinted after the guard back to the holding cell where he found the mercenary on the floor, the table flipped over to accommodate his short chain. He was grasping at his neck so fiercely he had gouged his own neck.
“Take his arms!” Arlian called.
Corporal Cleryn and Captain Cedras moved forward and did as told. It was no easy feat, as the prisoner squirmed and kicked strong enough that the chair he had been sitting in went flying across the room when his leg went into a violent spasm.
Arlian jumped in, grabbed his legs with Captain Lech.
“What’s wrong with him?” Lech asked, trying to hold him down, but he was bucking off the floor, his head coming back down onto the stone floor hard enough to crack his skull.
“I—“
Arlian couldn’t’ say! His face was purple and his eyes were bulging. “Is he choking?” Cedras said.
“On what?!” Arlian shouted.
The mercenary’s struggles lessened as saliva foamed out of his mouth, and then finally his eyes rolled into the back of his head and he stilled.
The four men released the man, his clothing rumpled and torn. Arlian whirled on the guard. “What did you give him?”
Shaking his head, the guard was as shocked as they were. “Nothing. I gave him nothing.”
“You’re sure?”
“Yes!”
Shit.
He moved up to the dead man, took his lower jaw between his fingers and opened his mouth. “There’s nothing.”
“I’ll… fetch Erruna,” Captain Lech said.
“Be quick,” Arlian ordered, and watched the man move with haste up the stone steps leading out of the cell.
“I can’t believe this,” Cedras said. “How could he have just died—before he could—“
“Before he could give us any information?” Arlian finished. Cedras was right. This was suspicious at best, and clear evidence of a plot to cover up evidence at worst. The Schuarists were crafty, but the common lot wasn’t this intelligent.
“Corporal Cleryn,” he said, addressing the slight man. “Did you realize anything suspicious about the prisoner?”
The corporal breathed in deeply, flicked his eyes to the dead man, then back to Arlian. “He seemed anxious.”
“Isn’t that normal?”
“Of course, but there was a moment when the impression came to me that he wanted to speak, but did not.”
“I’ll trust your instincts, Corporal.”
There was a real force behind this, one that meant to twist the situation to its own benefit. That included murder and assassination. 
Erruna and two of her assistants finally arrived. She came up short when she saw the body, looked at Arlian with bright blue eyes, then moved closer. 
She bent down on her knees, took the man by the jaw as Arlian had. She inspected for what seemed a long time. “And he ate nothing?”
“That’s right,” Arlian said.
Turning to address him, she asked, “Could he have swallowed something from his person?”
“Not likely,” the guard said. “We searched him, and his hands were chained too tightly.” He pointed to the mercenary’s hands, still cuffed to the table, hanging, purple but now starting to whiten from death. “As you can see.”
She looked at him, tilted her head.
Arlian came closer. “What is it? Is it the plague?”
“Whatever this is,” Erruna said, her tone musing and distracted, “it’s not the plague. There’s something here.”
He leaned closer as she parted his shirt. The high collar had been hiding something. It looked like body ink.
“Markings,” Cedras said.
Lech was at the door. He didn’t come inside. This strange death seemed to have spooked the captain, but Arlian didn’t take him for the superstitious type.
“It’s this.”
“What do you mean?” Arlian asked. “He’s inked—what of it?”
“This is no normal ink,” Erruna said, turning and looking straight into his eyes.  “Moy lord—“ she swallowed—“I’m fairly certain this is a curse.”
“A curse?” Lech said, sounding alarmed.
Arlian glanced at the man. “Captain Lech.”
“Commander?”
“Busy yourself, sir.”
The officer nodded and left the room, but before he could go, Arlian added, “Captain. Tell no one of this.”
He nodded and went.
“Lady Erruna,” he said, accidentally taking note of her ears. He thought she might be part elf, but it was hard to say. “Are you certain of this?”
“I thought I sensed a dark presence for a moment when I entered the cell, my lord. I’m fairly certain, but I will need time to examine the markings.”
He trusted her completely, had shown her skill and aptitude for magic and the healing arts on many occasions.
“How long?”
“At least several hours?”
He nodded. “All right, let’s get this man to the morgue, then.”
“Wait,” Erruna said, raising a quick hand. “I don’t think we should touch him with our skin. Let me return with gloves and some other materials.
“Of course, we will defer to your judgment, lady Erruna.”
She left them there with her two assistants, but returned a short while later, whereupon they put on leather gloves, wrapped the body, and then put it on a stretcher before taking it to the morgue.
Sighing, Arlian felt exhausted.
“I’ll let you know as soon as I have more information, Commander.”
Arlian nodded and left the morgue. He parted ways with Captain Cedras in the main hall, who was approached by a clerk with urgent orders.
“Corporal, see to it that lady Erruna gets anything she needs.”
“Yes, Commander.”
“And post guards at the morgue and in the infirmary.”
The Corporal saluted him and Arlian went on his way.
The next thing he did was go to his personal quarters and wash his shaking hands. Thoroughly. But Erruna had been certain the mercenary hadn’t died of the plague. If it was a curse, as she said she suspected, then washing his hands would be like putting on a coat when you’ve lost a limb in a sword fight. Foolishness.
But he couldn’t be too careful. The man had just died. That danger could still be present, which was why he had dispatched guards at the morgue and infirmary to make sure everyone coming and going had a purpose to do so.
Sighing, he had a drink of water as he perused the urgent reports of the day, requests for men and supplies in various parts of the city. He melted wax, put his stamp on letters of order, and signed his name where needed, the clerk—one of Yahan’s subordinates who was filling in for her, taking them away to the appropriate individuals.
The day was ending, and Arlian finally found the time to wash his sword, sharpen the blade and then oil the steel. But he did not slide the weapon back into his scabbard. Instead he delivered that to the quartermaster for cleaning and got a replacement in the meantime, as well as a new cuirass that wasn’t so ornamental.
He opted for lighter armor. Heavier plate was for battle. Running about through town, he decided to start wearing partial plate instead, along with more mail. Mail would stop arrows—not bolts—and protect him from blade attacks.
Wondering how many times his life had been in danger the past two days, he tidied up his desk and finally decided to leave, giving Captain Orvyn command while he was gone.
Walking to the stables, he almost felt guilty for leaving. There was so much to do, so many people to help, but it was also clear a plot was underway—a plot to seat prince Balthazar on the throne.
Council woman Jorrissiana was in danger, but with ten guards at her residence who followed her every single place she went, there wasn’t a lot else Arlian could do, short of putting her in the cells and lining the corridors with men.
He hadn’t seen her today, but she was supposed to put forward her vote for Prince Kandrion. Had she done it? Arlian wanted to make sure, to check on her, but that wasn’t his place. 
In the morning he would ask. Or perhaps Mariel would know the news. She stayed up on current events, despite not leaving their house. The Brennovo residence employed several runners on Arlian’s ample salary.
Instead of taking a coach, he mounted his personal horse, a tall chestnut mare called Vira, and set off for home.

XIII
Despite being wearied to his bones, they had just made love and Mariel was nestled under his arm. He was nearly drifting when she said, “I can’t wait until this ends.”
He made a sound of acknowledgement and caressed her bare stomach.
“If Prince Kandrion wins the choosing, what do you think Balthazar will do?”
That was a worrying thought. He had a lot of support within the kingdom as well as the support of the Grand Mage, but not the majority of support from the Council of High Magic. At least some of the mages there were honest—hadn’t been paid off or bribed with promises of lofty positions should Balthazar win.
Breathing in deeply, he cast his eyes toward the tall window. The curtains were closed, but a thin crack of moonlight broke though, casting a beam through their bedchamber.
“We can only take things one day at a time,” he said. “And most of the army supports Kandrion. I think things would be all right, if he wins.”
She turned and propped herself up on her elbow. Her face was framed in red waves of glossy hair. Gods, she was beautiful. He smiled.
But Mariel didn’t smile back. 
“And what if Balthazar wins the choosing?”
“Do you mean if he cheats?”
That pit in his stomach stirred. It never went away—not completely.  If Prince Balthazar won the choosing, he would grant lord Schuar his wish—to perform that evil rite he had gone on about at length. He had made it sound so lofty and ambitious in his writings, how a new age of magic would sweep forth to enrich Aevalin and all her peoples.
Necromancy was a curse, and so were the black magicks. But so far he had fooled many. Arlian knew better. The history of their great kingdom told another story. One of monsters and vile sorcerers.
He didn’t want to tell Mariel what would happen should the Grand Mage enact his plan—though she knew as well as he did. She was an intelligent woman, and they were of a similar mind on this matter.
“Maybe… maybe the other mages would refuse to go along with it,” he said, knowing she knew exactly what he was talking about.
She nodded. “He can just find other magickers to do his bidding. Or maybe Balthazar would command them to support the ritual.”
Arlian swallowed.
“If it happens, my love. We should leave Aevalin.”
“Does it matter where we go?” he said. “The dark magicks will cover the face of our world if they make a tear is large as the Grand Mage wants.”
She breathed in deeply, put a gentle hand over his cheek. “But surely the center of the earthquake is always the strongest, do you not agree, husband?”
Thinking about that, he decided it made sense, and nodded. Though he was a lord, he was the Commander of the City Watch. He hadn’t sworn fealty to Kandrion or Balthazar. When the king passed, he would be free to quit his position and leave the city.
“I agree, he said. “Perhaps we should pack provisions.”
“I’ve been collecting items for just such a thing.”
Smiling, he leaned in and kissed her. “Now let us sleep, love.”
She smirked. “I had half a mind to deny you any rest tonight.”
He chuckled. 
 Together, they fell asleep. 
It couldn’t have been very long, perhaps half to sunrise when Arlian Blinked awake.
“What is that?” Mariel said.
Someone was pounding on the door. Marial got up off of his chest and he jumped out of bed. Arlian put on his night shirt and then went straight for his sword. Unsheathing the blade, he stalked out of the bedroom to the front door.
“Who goes there?” he called.
“Commander, it’s me, Captain Orvyn.”
Gods be good. What was he doing here at this hour? Something inside Arlian made that knot stir. He opened the door. “Captain?”
“I’m sorry to wake you, Commander, but it’s bad. It’s really bad!”
“Not so loud.” Then more quietly he added, “Come inside.”
They went to the sitting room, Captain Orvyn stepped about like he might accidentally break something. He had never been to Arlian’s house before, much less so late in the night.
His movements were nervous and fidgety. “Commander,” Orvyn said, glancing about as if he didn’t to wake anyone in the house. “It’s the council woman. Lady Jorrissiana.”
“She’s dead?’
He shook his head. 
“Then out with it, man.”
“She’s missing. There’s no trace of her. It’s the guards—the Watchmen we stationed at her residence. “All dead.”
“What?!”
“All but one man. They were attacked by a large group of malcontents. There were no reported Schuarists in the area.”
“You mean no visibly discernible Schuarists! This was an attack!”
“Arlian?” Mariel said from the entrance of the sitting room. “What’s happening?”
He turned to his wife. “It’s Jorrissiana. Kidnapped.”
“We don’t know that, Commander.”
“Come on, Polisius,” Arlian said, calling the man by his given name. “They kidnapped her to force her to recant her vote for Prince Kandrion!”
Glancing to Mariel, she nodded in affirmation of what he said.
“Gods,” the captain said. “Do you really think so? I mean… isn’t it obvious what they’re doing?”
“Well,” Arlian shrugged. He felt incredibly sarcastic right now. “Can we prove they kidnapped her? She could appear at any time, recant her vote before His Majesty dies, and if she’s too afraid to come forward about her reasons, we have nothing.” He sighed deeply, rubbed his face. “I need to see the council woman’s residence.”
Mariel tightened the silken robes about herself and went off toward the bedroom.
“Absolutely,  Commander. That’s why I came. I knew you would want to see.”
“This is far too coincidental, Captain. First the council woman is attacked by mercenaries in concert with a large group of Schuarists, and now her second residence is attacked by malcontents? 
Malcontents! They knew she was there and were so eager to take her away they killed ten armed guards of the watch?”
There was another pause, then Arlian finally added. “This is no coincidence.”
Captain Orvyn nodded. “I think you’re right, Commander. I just didn’t see it. Perhaps… I didn’t want to. But I think you’re right.”
Arlian could see the worry on the man’s face.
“So,” he continued. “We should investigate and find out where they took the council woman.”
“We can investigate, but until she reappears to recast her vote, I don’t think we will see her again, Captain.”
Mariel came into the room. She had Arlian’s clothes folded in her arms. She gave them to him, and Captain Orvyn stepped out to wait for him. 
Quickly, he got dressed, put on his armor with Mariel’s help and turned to her. “I want you to stay at Watch Headquarters. If they’re willing to attack the council woman, then they can attack anyone. And they’ve already tried to kill me once.”
She nodded, moved off toward the bedroom. 
She was ready to leave after just a few minutes and together they stepped outside to meet Captain Orvyn, who had a small team of Watchmen with him. Arlian followed the captain, while several of his men accompanied Mariel back to headquarters.
If anything happened to her…
“Are you okay, Commander?”
He was distracted. “I’m fine. Let’s go to lady Jorrissiana’s residence.”
Nodding, Captain Orvyn lead the way. It wasn’t particularly far from her manor house in the High City, but this area on the west end was particularly quiet where the riots and malcontents were concerned.
That she was attacked and taken away here, was even more of a proof to Arlian that this was no random occurrence by angry rioters.
The whole house and the surrounding properties was cordoned off. People watched from inside their residences, their bedrooms and sitting rooms alight as they no doubt recoiled in fear, wondering why a group of malcontents attacked ten armed men, leaving them all dead.
Watchmen were there, speaking to them, trying to keep them calm. Many formal complaints against the Watch would probably be levied forth.
“They had weapons?”
“All of them, Commander. The men were overwhelmed.”
It was a nice neighborhood, with a wall and a gate, but that had been smashed in with a battering ram, a makeshift thing they had fashioned with a log. Crude, but very effective.
The guards there who would regularly patrol the neighborhood were also killed. Arlian saw their bodies on the way in. A horrible mess. It looked as though one of them had died under the fallen gate, trampled by a hundred men with a purpose.
The neighborhood consisted of thin walkways of flagstones, well-manicured grass, and many small to medium sized houses spread about between the trees and gardens. There were also pools with glow stones. A lovely place.
A place that would be forever scarred by what had happened here tonight.
Arlian didn’t spend a lot of time with the bodies. It was clear what had happened to them. Cut to pieces, bludgeoned, and filled with shafts. Skillful killing. 
“Not the work of an angry mob,” he muttered.
“I noticed that right away, my lord.” Besides the cordon, there were some mages present and other investigators from the Watch.
Orvyn lead Arlian to the lead man. “Sir Derris,” he said. “The commander is here.”
He nodded. “My lord.”
“How did they get into the house?”
He shook his head. “Rammed the door off the hinges, Commander. They really knew what they wanted.”
“And they got it,” Arlian said, glancing about the grounds of the house. There were ornamental shrubs surrounding the property and arched lattices with vine flowers. In the back yard was a pool and a fountain. A truly beautiful property. 
How had he been such a fool? Lady Jorrissiana should have been taken to the watch headquarters, or brought to a secret safe house.
But he had underestimated the lengths at which the Schuarists would go, and now nine of his men were dead and the council woman missing!
In the grass were three of the dead watchmen and seven dead attackers. For the most part, they were dressed as ordinary folk, but a few had mail and some partial plate, swords and crossbows.
“By your reckoning, Sir Derris. What happened here?”
The man didn’t even seem to need to think on the subject. “This was a planned attack, Commander. Make no mistake.”
“Do we know who it was?”
An inane question, as it was obvious, but he had asked out of rote.
He shook his head. “Survivors all fled.  No wounded left. Murdered, most like, along with our men—if any were still alive in the house after the attack. It’s a miracle of the gods Nes got out alive. But he was a coward, Commander—that’s why he’s still alive.”
Normally that could bring consequences, but in this situation, it seemed Nes had left the assault very late into the fighting. 
“Nes? Isn’t he about ten and six?”
The man nodded.
“We need to talk to him.”
“The boy is quite shocked, my lord,” Orvyn said. “I had words with him already. He says he didn’t see anything. At least nothing that could help us. Men came in, everyone was killed. He didn’t even see the council woman taken away.”
There was a long pause, as Arlian was trying to figure out what to do, but it seemed these attackers didn’t leave good clues behind. No prisoners to question. The only thing they had now was a dead mercenary with a potential curse. But Arlian had to wait for Erruna to make that call.
“So it seems Prince Balthazar has won,” Captain Orvyn said. 
Arlian looked at him, said nothing.
“History does repeat itself, it seems.”
The man was strangely calm about it. Resigned?
“Last time Aevalin was nearly destroyed,” Arlian said. “The last time the Council of High magic only managed to scratch through to the other plain.”
At least, that was what was written. But lately those histories had been disputed at every turn. A rewriting if Arlian knew any better, to cover up the dangers lord Schuar was risking on everyone.
Arlian narrowed his eyes, his face feeling hot. “A narrow”—he made a pinching motion with his fingers—“crack, that resulted in an era of dark magic and monsters, Captain.”
The man looked down at the ground, almost like he was guilty of not being fiery enough about their current situation. 
When his eyes came back, he said, “I suggest you get your wife out of Aevalin, my lord.”
The statement made Arlian’s face go blank. The sheer force of the unreal situation dawning on him—the danger. 
The end.
“I’ve already sent Nyra to Haven to be with her parents,” Derris said.
I’m doing the same tomorrow,” Captain Orvyn added.
They all knew what was happening. It wasn’t just him.
Gods… I—
He turned and wretched on the ground.
“Easy, Commander,” he heard Derris say.
Arlian breathed heavily, took in a gasp of air. “We—“ He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. “We can’t—we can’t let this happen!”

XIV
“As I suspected,” Erruna said, “it is most certainly a curse, my lord.”
They were in Arlian’s office, the mage Erruna looking somewhat flustered as she sat in the chair opposite Captain Orvyn. 
Arlian leaned back in his tall chair.
“A common curse? Could any magicker have done this?”
She shook her head. “No, Commander. This is most certainly very powerful magic. The inking still carries a powerful aura. I also suggest the body be burned immediately.”
“See to it. But are you certain there’s nothing more you can discern?”
“I’m sorry. There’s no way to say who cast the curse, only that this man had no chance at all of telling us anything.”
“So,” Arlian said, “a cruse designed to keep people from talking if captured or…”
“Or… if their vote was suddenly changed.”
“Can you reverse the magic?”
She breathed in deeply. “I’ve seen a lot of magic—many curses. But nothing as powerful and insidious as this. I wonder who is inflicting them.”
“Unfortunately, that individual is unknown to us, and will probably remain so, since he’s using agents.”
“We can’t be sure the council woman will even be inflicted with this curse,” Orvyn said. “It could be a family member, a friend, anyone she cares about.”
“I hate magic,” Arlian said as he leaned forward, knocking his forehead lightly with his closed fist.
“I feel the same at times, my lord.”
“My apologies, lady Erruna.”
She smiled. “You don’t have to. I understand completely how you feel.”
“Do you… know anyone who might have the knowledge of how to deal with this type of curse?”
A somewhat wry look crossed her face. “Because I’m partial elf?” 
So he had been right after all. 
“No. I’m sorry.”
“Damn.”
“Then we wait,” Captain Orvyn said. “We wait until they make their next play, and hopefully they make some kind of mistake.”
“It would take a miracle to change the outcome they’ve designed.”
“They play this game well.”
“Too well,” Arlian agreed.
Erruna didn’t respond. She didn’t often make political statements, as she was a healer and focused on her profession, while Arlian and his Captains were often involved in political machinations, especially now with Prince Balthazar and the Grand Mage twisting the situation to benefit their goals.
How Arlian hated watching them break all honor, hiding behind the rigid structure of laws to operate in plain sight. Everyone knew. At least anyone who was willing to listen, who had a critical mind for facts and logic.
The criers for their cause were everywhere, constantly disseminating leaflets with false information about the boons of their design to bring more magic to the kingdom, about how Prince Kandrion would bring about an era of magical stagnation and darkness.
On every street corner, for years now, criers calling for the new age of magic had changed the minds of the people—commoners and nobility alike.
Where minds couldn’t be changed, gold did that for them.
Arlian was disgusted. He wanted to put a band of men together and confront the Grand Mage. To confront Prince Balthazar, even. But he didn’t dare voice those thoughts allowed, for reasons of treason.
But did a king have the right to destroy his kingdom? To bring his people down to a state of evil and corruption until his lust for power and dark magicks could be attained? This magical rite could, and probably would, change the world. What right did one kingdom have to make that decision over all others?
The arrogance and contempt for the rights and wishes of other kingdoms was astounding. Klause Schuar the Grand Mage—more like Grand Bastard—needed to have his head lopped off.
“Commander?” Captain Orvyn asked, breaking him out of his thoughts.
“I have to go,” Arlian said and he got up from his chair.
Their heads turned to fallow him as he walked out from behind his desk. “Where are you going?” Orvyn asked.
“I need to see the prince.”
“Kandrion?” Erunna asked.
“Yes.”
He left them there in his office and stalked down the stairs and outside to the stables, mounted Vira. As soon as he was on the road, he galloped his horse until she tired, then slowed her to a trot, then galloped again until he reached the castle, where he hoped Kandrion would be.
Arlian had to wait for a time, but finally he was admitted to the prince’s chambers by Sennica, who looked at him down his nose.
The white doors, gilded in gold, were opened by the guards and he stalked in over the luxurious rugs where he found Prince Kandrion standing in front of his desk.
The bright sun of the day shone through the cascade of high windows, almost making a silhouette of the man.
“Arlian,” he called. “It’s nice of you to visit.”
“This is no social call, Kandrion.”
“Is everything well, my friend?”
Arlian’s gaze fell to the carpet and he stalked a few paces, then stalked back. “It’s the council woman, lady Jorrissiana.”
The other man, handsome with short hair and square shoulders, suddenly looked worried. “Whatever is the matter? Tell me, Arlian. Hold nothing back.”
“She’s been kidnapped, Kandrion. At her house. In the night. Nine of my men were slain by the so called ‘malcontents!’”
Kandrion raised his  hand. “Arlian…”
“We have to find her!”
“Arlian.”
“What is it, my Prince?”
“The council woman…” he said, “Jorrissiana… she already cast her vote yet.”
Arlian froze in his tracks. “What?”
“She cast her vote yesterday. My brother and I are no longer tied.”
He put a hand to his forehead. “They’re going to force her to change her vote. I’m sure of it. There was a curse, it killed a man in my custody. He couldn’t say a word. And they killed him before he could talk.”
“A curse, you say?”
“Yes, a deadly curse that kills. They kidnapped the council woman and I know they will inflict her with this dark magic.”
“Wait,” he said. “Slow down. They took her?”
“Yes,” Arlian said. “And the curse. If they inflict it on her, it’s a death sentence. Unless she does what they tell her to do. Kandrion. She’s going to change her choice from you to Balthazar—probably tomorrow.”
“But we know. We can contest it.”
“We may know,” Arlian admitted, “but if lady Jorrissiana wishes to change her vote, she has that right.”
Kandrion’s gaze shot toward Arlian and he stalked toward him in three long strides. The prince was a tall man, imposing even, when he wanted to be. “Tell me true, Arlian!”
“She was taken, Highness.”
It seemed to dawn on him. Kandrion looked off into the distance, the expression on his face of utter shock. He thought he had won, only to have that taken from him. Stolen.
“She will inexplicably change her vote tomorrow,” Arlian said, more to himself than to the prince. “They’ll—kill her, or someone she knows, if she doesn’t.”
Some moments passed as the prince strode the cushioned sofa with lacquered wood fringes and gold accents, evidentially collecting himself.
Arlian followed him, but he did not sit.
Finally Kandrion sighed heavily and said, “So the tie we’re at now is a false pretense.”
“Forgive me, Kandrion, but you know your brother will twist the situation until he claims victory or forces you to bow out of the choosing.”
Kandrion looked up at him, a determination in his eyes. “I won’t give up so easily. You know that.”
“You may not have a choice, Highness.”
“There has to be something we can do.”
Arlian’s stomach churned. The words he would utter next would be treasonous.
“There is.”
“What do you have in mind, my friend?”
“Summon the army”—Kandrion shook his head—“Lord Liro, will side with you, Majesty.”
“No,” he said, “It’s not right, Arlian.”
“Majesty, your brother, Prince Balthazar is using the law and your sense of honor against you. When he becomes king, there won’t be any law or honor left. You know your brother better than anyone. You know this to be true.”
Kandrion stared at him, a piercing gaze directly into Arlian’s eyes. He stood. “I can’t. What if that plot should fail? You! Executed. And me, probably locked in some tower somewhere. It would give my brother every justification to usurp the throne by force.”
“And if you don’t act, my prince, the kingdom of Aevalin will be no more.”
“Even our beautiful kingdom has had its share of bad kings. The Ferwyte dynasty was—“
“We’re not talking about the reign of a bad king, Majesty,” Arlian said, taking self-note of the almost pleading tone. “If the Grand Mage tears a hole through to the other plain, we won’t see an era of dungeons and monsters. It will be an age of evil and you know this. Deep down. Ask yourself. Will you let this happen?”
Clearing his throat, Kandrion turned away from Arlian, regarded his majestic windows. “We don’t know that for certain.”
“What do the histories say about the last time this happened, when Khorr the Mage King merely scratched that barrier?”
“The histories say that generations suffered due to his arrogance, to his blasphemy against the gods, who never intended our world and the other to come together.”
“And the histories are right. We have our magic—wonderful magic that aids us, helps you rule, cures the sick—commoner and royalty alike. We don’t need the dark magicks.”
Kandrion breathed deeply.
“These men,” Arlian continued, “will never be satisfied. They have dark spirits of avarice and lust within them. And they will do anything to attain the powers they seek. Be a hero king, Majesty.”
Finally he turned to addressed Arlian directly. “Do you think… do you think you can do something?”
Arlian was taken aback. Did he not want to call his supporting lords and bring the army into the city? He wanted Arlian to “do something”?
Was Prince Kandrion giving him subtle permission without saying the words?
“I can,” he said simply.
“We’ll speak no more on this,” Kandrion said, almost instantly. “Do what must be done, my friend, and never tell me what it was.”
Arlian nodded stiffly, got up and stalked toward the door. He turned and addressed Kandrion’s back. 
“Long live the kingdom of Aevalin, Majesty.”
He turned and left.

What had he just done? What did he tell Arlian to do? Gods forgive me, for whatever happens next.
Quietly, so quietly he could hardly hear himself, Prince Kandrion echoed the words his friend had spoken.
“Long live… the kingdom of Aevalin.”

XV
He hadn’t told her what he was going to do. Didn’t want her to know what he was going to do.
Arlian had resolved himself to assassinate king Dalthyn tonight—before Jorrissiana could change her choice of prince.
“You seem… different, Arlian. Are you all right?” Mariel had asked. He insisted he was, and she didn’t press the matter, but he knew she knew something wasn’t right. She was his wife—she knew him well.
Readying himself for what he was about to undertake, he noticed his hands were shaking. Arlian was going to commit treason. Did Kandion know that?
King Dalthyn was nearing his death, could barely keep awake for more than a few moments to utter out some scratchy words. He wasn’t killing a man that would go on living. He was hastening the imminent death of a man already doomed.
At least that’s what he told himself over and over.
He was no assassin. But for this, Arlian decided not to wear armor, instead choosing trousers with high boots and a loose shirt with lace cuffs. He also put on his unadorned black cape.
On his belt, he had his sword and two of his sharpest daggers, the scabbards for his daggers he turned to his backside for concealment.
Quickly, he checked on Mariel. She was sound asleep, breathing lightly. This may be the last time he ever saw her.
“I’m sorry, my love.”
Riding Vira, he went to the castle. The roads were mostly empty due to the late hour. He would be admitted, would always be admitted no matter the hour, as he was the Commander of the City Watch.
Once in the castle grounds getting into the castle proper was easy. He avoided the front entrance where the porters and guards waited day and night. Striding like he belonged through the grounds, he followed a narrow alley between the outbuildings near the stables, until he came to the outer wing where the back door to the kitchens were located.
The door would no doubt be locked, but Arlian knew the castle and its various doors well enough. He and Kandrion had often manipulated locks and traversed passages and corridors only used by the servants to scheme, plot and play their games.
Coming to the kitchen door, a non-descript wood-paneled portal, he checked to see if it was locked. It was, and was satisfied that it was.
There was no guard.
Slipping his smaller dagger out of its sheath, he stuck the blade into the door and manipulated the lift lock. Just like when he was younger. He was halfway surprised the lock was still of a similar fashion.
The guards in the grounds—had they seen him from a distance, would have simply believed he had the key.
Entering the back corridor, he stepped lightly in case the kitchen was occupied for whatever reason. Even he had come to the kitchens in the night to eat snacks when waking up hungry.
No one was there. The kitchens were dark and the sitting benches were empty. The cook furnaces smoldered but were still somewhat lit with active coals, giving off warmth.
Unlike the cell he would likely occupy later.
Quietly he went to the foods. There were cheeses, breads and many flavors of dried meats. Some of these would be prepared for breakfast the next day. He took a wooden plate and filled it with various items and a few choice pieces of fruit, then grabbed a bottle of wine and uncorked it with his teeth and made his way out of the kitchens.
Arlian needed to avoid Sennica at all costs. If the old man caught him roaming the castle at night, he would not be fooled. But the guards? Unless they were the same men on duty from earlier in the day, and particularly astute in their performance, Arlian would easily give them the slip, as they would think he was simply up late and having gone to the kitchens for a bite to eat before going back to his chambers.
Easy.
Perhaps Arlian should have been an assassin. The thought disturbed him, as Kandrion was a friend. They had grown up together, and king Dalthyn had always treated him well, if somewhat invisibly.
Forgive me, Highness. But what he was about to do was for the kingdom of Aevalin. Kandrion and his father before him were good stewards—they cared for the kingdom, its future and its people. 
They would want this.
Prince Balthazar however… the man was cut from a wholly different cloth. How that had happened was a mystery to Arlian.
He passed the guards, who didn’t even give him a second look, though one of them nodded, said “Evil tiding, my lord.”
Arlian, feeling wooden as ever, tried to smile and nod as congenially as possible. Inwardly he cringed at his performance, but the guard did not react negatively.
Heart hammering inside his chest, he made his way up the stairs where the king’s bedchambers were located. On this floor of the castle, Kandrion also slept.
Why had the guard said that to him? What a strange thing to say.
Had Arlian missed something?
For some reason he felt confused. He looked at his hands, held them in fists to keep from shaking.
He wasn’t thinking straight. 
Something was wrong. 
He walked down the quiet but brightly lit halls adorned with yellow-white glow stones in ornamental lamps gilded in silver and gold. Around the corner was the entrance to the king’s chambers. But first there was a foyer area that lead to a sitting room, a sun room, a dining room, and then finally his bedchambers.
He needed to get past the guard there. Peaking, he needed to make sure he was in fact there, and the man was. But he was not armored. Instead he wore the colorful livery of the castle, blue and white with some dark red slashes in the upper arms of his puffed sleeves.
There was no way the man would let him just walk into those chambers. If he tried, he’d get a pole axe to the back of his head.
Arlian pulled his sword belt around. Up until now it was mostly hidden behind his cape and leg. 
The guard was quite still.
Slowly. Very slowly, Arlian drew his blade. Ordinarily no assassin could get this far, because none had the required knowledge of how the Royal Guard functioned as Arlian did. At one time it had been his intention to become part of that honorable company of men, but his path had lead him in other directions, the City Watch namely.
If he charged the guard, and the man saw him, he would react, perhaps shout and attempt to defend himself with his pole arm.
Arlian would be discovered and quickly dispatched.
He could also simply stride down the hall as if he belonged. The guard would challenge him, and then he would spring into action. The second option seemed better.
Scratching his temple from the sweat that made him itch, he realized he was shaking like a leaf. He forced himself to stride out, his sword held point down behind his back in his left hand near the wall, to conceal the fact that he was armed.
The guard heard him approaching, turned and saw him coming. At first the man seemed unsurprised, then his eyes darted toward Arlian’s hidden arm.
He stepped out jerkily, probably never having had to challenge anyone at this hour in his entire career.
“Halt!” he commanded, leaning his pole arm out to the left while he put forward his right palm.
Arlian took one more stride and lunged, swinging his blade in a wide overhand arc toward the guard’s head.
The man, to his credit, almost managed to yank his pole arm in the way to defend himself, but the flat of Arlian’s blade came down squarely atop his head, the guard’s ornamental hat providing a cushion against the hard steel.
He toppled over, and Arlian stumbled to catch the pole arm before it slammed into the carpeted floor. The sound of the fall from the guard, at least to Arlian’s ears, was loud enough to make him want to wince. 
Quickly, he glanced about, heard no one, and breathed out heavily.
Arlian felt as if he were walking on a thin layer of ice.
Now where to put—
Voices came from inside the halls beyond the door leading to the king’s outer chambers. Eyes wide, Arlian grabbed the guard under the shoulders and dragged him haphazardly down the hall and around the corner so his unconscious form wouldn’t be found, then lunged for the pole arm and snatched it up.
The door handle turned.
Arlian froze—then made the snap decision to kill whoever opened those doors. He was about to strike when the man on the other side asked, “My lord?” 
It was Gracian!
Shocked at Arlian’s naked blade and the pole arm in his other hand, he added, “What’s happening?”
 “It’s nothing,” Arlian said, leaning the pole arm against the wall. “Pay it no mind, man.” He sheathed his blade and quickly changed the subject. “What are you doing here, Gracian?”
“My lord, I didn’t know. It’s my lady—I mean the king. It’s my lady and the king, my lord.”
Arlian looked at him and to cover his own nervousness, demanded sharply, “Stop stammering, you fool and explain yourself!”
He gave Arlian the distinct impression of a perspiring rabbit, then reached up to his collar and pulled his shirt open, revealing the same serpentine inking he had discovered previously.
Shit!
Gracian swallowed. “He’s passing. Come quickly!”
“Who?” Arlian asked, following Gracian, but then it dawned on him. It was the king. He was dying. He exhaled, hopping Gracian didn’t hear him. Perhaps nature would do the terrible deed Arlian had come here to enact.
And if not…
Had Gracian been almost any other man, he’d be lying in a pool of his own blood right now—Arlian in danger of his motives being quickly uncovered.
The guard. He had forgotten the guard!
When they reached the antechamber he realized the rooms were filled with courtesans and family members. No wonder the guard was so late in challenging him. He hadn’t been the first to enter the chambers in the night.
There was Sennica looking at him in surprise. In the corners of the room were the black-robed black-armored knights loyal to Bathezar. One of them promptly approached Arlian. “Lord,” he said. “I’m going to have to ask you for your blade.”
“Excuse me, knight?”
“Your blade, my lord. You will have to relinquish it to me if you are to remain in these chambers.”
There was no point in arguing when eight of these knights were present. And if they were here—why had it not come to him sooner? 
Arlian was a fool!
“Where is Prince Balthezar?” he asked.
“Your blade.”
Arlian noticed the other members of his order were becoming visibly agitated.  He felt a distinct air of menace in the antechamber. “I asked you a question, knight!”
“The prince is with his His Grace the king!”
Arlian’s eyes widened. No, he thought. Balthezar was never near to the king. He was always late. And yet now, at this time of all times, he was here, far earlier than everyone else?
Instinct took over and he shoved the knight to the side, drew his sword as he ran across the antechamber floor. It was Balthazar—he was here to kill the king!
He didn’t know why, but he knew there was a plot, knew it in his bones. Shouts erupted and women screamed. 
“STOP HIM!”
Arlian almost made it to the doors, but then something slammed into him and he hit the marble floor, his head impacting on the hard polished stone. His vision swam like he had jumped off a rope and flipped head over end into a river. Struggling, he pushed at the knight atop him as he scrambled for the king’s bedchamber.
Then the doors briskly opened. Something hit him in the head and his vision went black.

“He’s dead!”
“The king is dead?—how can this be?” It was a woman, hysterical in her tone.
“Mommy,” a young boy cried.
Arlian blinked awake. 
“No!”
“YOU KILLED HIM!”
“I did nothing of the sort!”
Whose voices were these?
His head was pounding like a drum and his vision pulsed brightly at the center, the edges still dark. There was a terrible crook in his neck.
“You will pay for this!”
Was that… Kandrion?
Smeared blood was discernable on the marble floor.  Was that Arlian’s blood? He touched his face and he found the source.
Someone was sobbing.  No, half a dozen people were sobbing, some women and children.
Who was screaming?
It was princes Kandrion and Balthazar. He knew the voices well.
“You killed him!” Kandrion shouted again.
“How dare you accuse me of killing father when your assassin lies on the floor!” Balthazar said coolly with a hint of a sneer. “Besides, you have no evidence to back up such an accusation.”
The man was impeccably dressed, his long black hair oiled and pulled into a tight tail. Arlian had always wondered if he was a bastard. He didn’t much resemble his brother’s looks.
He blinked, reorienting himself. The women crying were Princesses Juna, Avla and Serina Devlyn.
“He’s awake.”
A sword point was thrust near Arlian. He moved to unstiffen his neck and back. He couldn’t have been unconscious for very long.
“Leave him be,” Kandrion ordered.
“No,” Balthazar said. “It’s clear what his intentions were. You sent him here, brother. To do exactly what you accused me of! Guards, take him away!”
“You have no right to accuse me of such a thing, Balthazar, when you were last seen with father before he suddenly died—his health was bad, but he wasn’t dying yet—not tonight! And calling the council? Rousing them out of their beds at this hour so lady Jorrissiana could change her vote moments before father died? Is this a plot, brother?!”
“Say what you will. You always hated me, Kandrion.”
Arlian was grabbed by two of the knights and hauled to his feet. They shoved him forward—on his way to a quick execution no doubt.
Jorrissiana? Taken to the King’s Council to vote in the night? Now he knew—knew the plot. Understood why Gracian had been inked as well as his lady.
And now somebody had to take the fall for what happened to His Majesty.
“I said stop!” Kandrion shouted. “Unhand him, you black-clad heathens!” 
Balthazar narrows his eyes. “Count yourself lucky, Kandrion.”
“Be assured,” Kandrion declared hotly. “There will be in inquest over this!”
“Inquest all you like. Let’s go.”
They dragged Arlian out of the palace, the sobbing women and the yelling Kandrion left behind heavy oaken doors.
Arlian struggled against his captors. “I can walk, you fucking Schuarist dogs!”
They let up, allowed him to carry himself. Arlian wouldn’t be dragged to his death. He would walk—at his own pace.
“Know this,” Balthazar said, suddenly in his face. “You die tonight, traitor!” 
Then he punched Arlian in the stomach. How bowled over, coughed and tried to suck air into his lungs, but it was several moments before his body would allow him to draw in more air.
“Assassin!” Balthazar hissed.
He fell to the paved ground when one of the guards shunted him forward.
“Up, you traitor.”
“Schuarist filth,” he gasped.
Then the guard kicked him in the stomach.
Unafraid to die, his heart only ached because of Mariel. Arlian couldn’t leave her  now—not now of all times, before the world died.

XVI
Heavy keys turned the lock at the end of the corridor and the large door to his section of the dungeon slammed open. Arlian could make out the footsteps of at least two people—one of them was surely the guard, but the other—when she came into sight, Arlian was both elated and crestfallen that Mariel had to see him like this.
“Arlian!” she called, running to his cell. 
“Mariel.”
“When I heard, I came straight away, but they wouldn’t let me see you. I’ve been waiting all this time. My love—why is this happening? They say you tried to assassinate King Dalthyn.
“Lies.”
But of course, it was true, but no one could have known his motives, not at any time, except maybe Gracian, and it was still a stretch. Arlian was the Captain of the Castle Watch. He had the right to bear his blade if he sensed danger of any kind, and for any reason.
“I want you to go.”
“What?” Mariel said. “But I had to see you—Arlian, we have to get you out of here. We can speak to Kandrion. Surely he can do something?”
“He knows I’m here, Mariel.” He let that hang in the air for a moment. Then he continued. “But Balthazar…” he shook his head. “Someone killed the king. And it might as well be me.”
“How can you say that?”
The guard was listening in—the whoreson. Arlian lowered his voice. “It’s not safe. Go home, Mariel. Better yet, leave Aevalin. Take the King’s Road and go to Haven where your cousins live. Get far away from here.”
“I can’t—no, I just can’t!”
He reached his arms out of the cell and put them on her cheeks. They kissed. The last sweet thing in Arlian’s life. Mariel’s lips trembled.
“You need to prepare to leave the city—“
“No, I won’t leave you.”
“Go to the town of Moorbrook,” he said. “If I don’t meet you there soon, forget about me. Do as I say. Go to Haven.”
“I refuse. I’ll speak to Kandrion and ­­make him do something!”
He looked away, feeling defeated. Helpless.  “Everything is about to change. I fear for you. The world we know will soon be gone—replaced by an unending nightmare of death and misery. An age of dungeons and monsters.”
The look on her face pained him. She was a brave woman, but the shock and the deep seated terror below the surface, he could see. “I’m sorry I couldn’t stop this from happening.”
“Your time is over,” the guard said. 
“No, wait!” Mariel said, “Please. Just a moment more.”
He grabbed her by the arm. “I’ll wait for you!” she said. She grabbed his hands, kissed him once more as her tears began to fall. 
The guard pulled her away, their hands breaking contact. Mariel reached out for him and it was all Arlian could do not to weep for his wife. 
“I’ll wait for you, Arlian! No—get off me! Let go! Arlian—I’ll wait—my love, I swear! I will wait!”
He swallowed, slinking back into his dark cell and fell on the hay piled against the back of the cold stone wall. “We are… all doomed,” he muttered.
She didn’t hear him. He hadn’t wanted her to. 
The door was shut and the keys scraped into the lock. Imminent execution. Arlian was the lucky one. “Mariel. I’m so, so sorry…” 
Prince Balthazar would reign. The Grand Mage Klause Schuar would open a new tear—a gash into a world of evil and dark magic and all their avaricious dreams would come to fruition.
The Schuarists would believe they secured a victory for the good of the world, but the fools would bitterly rue the day that fell upon them.
Mariel…
Suddenly his anger welled and he leapt from the hay at the cell bars and slammed his fists against them. “We are all doomed! WE ARE ALL DOOMED—ALL DEADALLOFUSDEAD!!!”
No one heard him screaming.

XVII
Arlian had fallen into a stupor of despair and defeat. Not for reason of being in a cell and awaiting his end. All his worries were for the kingdom—for its people.
And for Mariel.
Thinking of her beautiful face, of the hardship, the pain, and most likely her ultimate death, pained him so much, he tried to push her from his mind. Had he the chance to keep her from enduring from what’s to come, even by taking terrible action to do so, he would have at least considered it.
Gods!
He felt sick again. Arlian had wretched twice in the corner. Now he only heaved like a sick animal when the fate of the world became too much for him to bear.
Had he been able to do it again, he would have assassinated Prince Balthazar—assassinated the Grand Bastard, Klause Schuar. Any villainous actions he took, regardless of the consequences on himself, would have been preferable to the outcome that was now manifesting itself.
Surely there had been allies. He still had allies. But he had no way to communicate with them. It was over.
Perhaps the Council of High Magic, Kandrion—the generals who supported him… perhaps they could still change the outcome. 
But no. They would not. 
These men, his friends, his allies and his countrymen were either too apathetic, or two faithful to the ideas of Aevalin.
It made them weak, that they were hampered by laws and conducts while their enemies conducted themselves only seemingly within those same confines, only to step out of them whenever it suited them—whenever they wouldn’t be caught.
Sitting on his book, he must have looked calm. Perhaps even serine. And yet Arlian was presently in a murderous rage.
Hours had passed. Morning had come. He knew this much, as the pale blue light of the early morning shone through the window in his cell. It was too high to get a look outside. Not that it mattered.
He stirred when he heard the key shoved into the lock, turned and then the door opened. It was a group of men. At least five.
It was time.
Time for Arlian’s execution.
He should have written Mariel a letter. A final goodbye. Some encouragement for the future, even if only a false encouragement. He could have warned her, told her how to best conduct herself so that she might survive what was to come.
Arlian was a fool. 
His despair had been too encompassing for him to take any such actions, and besides, there was no parchment for him, no guard to call to request such a thing.
Perhaps before… before he died they would allow him a short while to—
“Arlian!”
He frowned. That was Kandrion calling him! He lunged from his bed and grasped the bars. “Prince Kandrion.”
Arlian couldn’t help but smile. 
“There you are, my friend,” Kandrion said. He too smiled, if only in a forlorn way. “I’ve come to release you.”
His heart leapt inside his chest. “But you brother…?”
“My brother is not the king yet!” he said sternly. “He may have won the choosing and he may be solidifying his power bases even as we speak, but he is not the king. He cannot simply have my loyal man imprisoned at his behest over false accusations.”
Arlian slunk back from the bars.
“Your brother spoke true.”
“What?”
“At least in so far as my motives for being at the castle that night are concerned.”
“And yet,” Kandrion said as he raised a finger at Arlian, “my father still died.  He was murdered, you see.”
Arlian nodded slowly.
“The King’s Council—called in the night. Lady Jorrissiana changing her vote from me to my brother during that whim. It’s a plot. We all know what is happening before our eyes.”
“You must call an investigation, Kandrion. Begin an inquest.”
“Oh I intend to, my friend. I intend to. But as I said, while we speak, my brother is shoring up his power base. He is already claiming he is kind. I’m afraid the clout that is following in his wake will have him crowned before the dust settles.”
Arlian said nothing. Knew Prince Kandrion was already giving in to defeat. But he needed to try one last time to persuade him.
“Then do not waste your time,” Arlian said. “Gather your generals and supporters. Make war on your brother.”
“My father’s soul would weep for it, Arlian.”
“Will his soul not weep for the end of Aevalin—the kingdom of his ancestors?”
The prince smiled pitifully. “I’ve already taken council with Lord Liro. It seems my brother has been amassing weapons—forging them in secret. He has gold enough to hire ten mercenary corps—of which I know he already has. The subtle evidences are there. Lord Liro does not think the King’s Army can defeat his well-positioned forced, if our knowledge of correct on the matter. No, the army is too fractured, fighting battles and adventuring off in distance lands. My brother saw to that, with his adventurism. Ever his plan to weaken the army that could challenge him. No, my friend. This war you speak of would be over before it began.”
“Now,” he continued, turning to the jailor. “Release him at once.”
The guard did as he was told, jammed another key from his huge ring into Arlian’s cell door and unlocked it. They stepped back, and Arlian ventured out.
“Leave us,” Kandrion commanded of the guard. Behind him, at his back, his councilors and other supporting lords were there, all men and women Arlian recognized from one castle bound ball or another.
“Why should I even leave this dungeon, my Prince, when all is lost?”
“We must stay to hope, Arlian. Go now and be with your wife. I hope to the gods that I see you again one day.”
As he had said his brother had no right to put Arlian in the dungeons, he was telling him he had to leave now. Balthazar’s sway and power must be more reaching than he was letting on.
Arlian nodded. “Do all that you can, Kandrion. To stop this.”
“I will.”
“Should you need my aid, you have but to ask of it. Now I go to meet lady Mariel in the kingdom of Haven where she has family.”
Kandrion nodded, then suddenly embraced Arlian. He couldn’t help but allow his eyes to water somewhat.
“Goodbye, Arlian. My friend.”
“Goodbye, my prince.”

“M’lady,” the innkeeper said. “Will you be leaving us, then?”
She brushed a drop from her cheek with the palm of her hand, nodded. “Yes. Please ready my horse.”
“You have many packs. Are you travelling far?”
She nodded absently. “Yes. To Haven. I have some family there.”
The tall burly man nodded. “A beautiful kingdom. Not so beautiful as our Aevalin—but quit beautiful in her own right.”
She said nothing.
“I’ll have your animals readied at once then, m’lady.”
She nodded, put a coin on the counter.
“No, no. That will not be necessary.” He pushed the coin back to her.
She smiled politely.

The skies were a dull grey. The morning showed promise, but this late afternoon, it looked like rain. She hoped not—but she had a quality riding cloak just in case. As their servant, Justin—who was traveling with her—lead their animals out to the King’s Road, Mariel glanced back toward inner Aevalin—to the castle.
It was not beautiful. 
Not now.
As she looked, a man on horseback crested the hill. She thought he looked a lot like her love, Arlian. She had wanted to stay, but decided to do as he had told her.
How she missed him.
The man on horseback so looked like her beloved husband, it made her heart ache. And then the man lifted his arm, his hand spread as he waved. Her heart jumped as the man on horseback—as Arlian—galloped to meet her.

XVIII
The castle was even more majestic from the apartment view. So high, and the turrets had so much ornamental detail, like flutes on a pillar. The window shutters were of carved hardwoods from faraway lands, the stained glass a reflective blue—almost like mirrors. 
For a moment, Celine thought she might fall ill with the excitement. “And here…” her father was saying, as he continued to give mother and Yoreno a tour. “These windows overlook the bay.”
“So many ships,” mother said.
“Will we go see them, father?”
“Oh, of course. Shipping is a large and profitable endeavor in Aevalin and I suspect we’ll be involved with them soon enough.”
 She had lost interest and went off to do her own exploration. Her bedroom was twice the size of the one she had at their estate in Haven. The walls were a smooth pink, her bed was huge! And the intricately-carved posts and the lacy silken curtains.
This place was… expensive.
But father was making so much money now, it didn’t matter anymore. Even the house guards were liveried in new colors.
Celine couldn’t believe her father had decided to reinvent the Brendara image, but she liked what he had decided on. But there was no way he came up with the designs himself—white and blue checkers with an intricate symbol that somewhat resembled a spear head, and yet not. It almost looked like a bird of a kind.
She left her bedroom and the view of the castle and followed the house cat—his name was Sir Wesserian. She didn’t know why he had such a silly name, but she followed the white and orange animal as he evaded her under some beautiful furniture.
She would catch him later.
Instead, she plopped herself in a chair and stared at the view of the city. The mountain was partially obscuring the castle, but they had a wonderful view of the High City where all the richest lords and ladies had manner houses.
With its fountains and statues cascading all the way down the mountainside, chiseled in white marble
They came back into the room, heads turning this way and that as father spoke excitedly about all his favorite places in the city.
“Now there’s another thing,” he said, spreading his big hands. “Besides the shipping, the most lucrative trade inn all of Aevalin, and I’ve been writing to you of this. It’s the—“
“The adventurer’s guilds!” Celine blurted.
Father looked to her, smiled and put a hand on her shoulder. “Well, it seems my daughter has been paying attention to my letters.” He laughed.
“More like obsessing over them,” Yoreno, said with a role of his eyes.
“It is good that you were paying attention, Celine,” father said. “Yoreno, you can learn from her to be more involved with our new place here in Aevalin. These people take the king Branlin’s proclamation of this Age of Readventure very seriously.”
Yoreno frowned. “It’s not like we will become adventurers ourselves.”
His father raised an eyebrow that bespoke something different. 
“No,” mother said.
“Now, Cassandra, dear. I’ve been in business since coming to Aevalin for just such a trade—not personally mind you, lovely wife. But to start a company!”
“A company?” Yoreno asked. 
“Yes! To hire adventurers, scout the lost kingdoms and kill monsters and evil sorcerers alike. The king is allowing adventurers to claim their own lands. I will employ many such adventurers in this new age. One day, mark my words, Brendara will be the name of kings and queens!”
“Really, father?” Celine asked.
“Indeed!”
Yoreno and mother seemed skeptical, but at least she was interested in the monetary income some ventures could bring. Father had not failed to mention that in his letters.
“Aevalin,” father continued, “has a rich history of adventurers—more so than any other kingdom. It was here the Age of Darkness began, when the long dead Grand Bastard ripped a hole through a plain to another realm—one of evil and monsters.”
He sounded excited, as if trying to scare them with a bedtime story.
“I told you it was all real,” Yoreno said.
“Of course it’s real,” father said as he patted Yoreno on the back. “Ah, what glorious times we live in. Times of wealth and plenty, of adventure, fortune, and above all”—he smiled broadly—“glory! Which is why I have made great strides to make the most excellent acquaintance of lady Dantera Brennovo!”
“Who?” Yoreno asked.
Father turned, looked at them. “Ah, I may have forgotten to mention this part in my letters. My apologies, but  I speak of the descendent of the great lord Arlian Brennovo! He’s a legend in Aevalin—both of the folk and the nobility! He fought a most excellent war against king Balthazar and the Grand Bastard who usurped the rightful throne of his brother Prince Kandrion.  It was he who saved the world.”
“What do you mean,” Yoreno asked, his curiosity clearly piqued. “Did the age of dungeons and monsters not happen?”
Celine didn’t quite believe any of this, but the tail was interesting, so she said nothing at all, and waited for father to continue.
“Oh it did, my boy. It most surely did.”
“Then what do you mean he saved the world when the Grand Bastard won?”
“Oh he didn’t win! He was killed, king Balthazar imprisoned in a tower. It was Prince Kandrion—the king, I should say, who ruled for fifty years after that, fighting the evils that poured out of that tear his brother and Klause Schuar tore open. But the war lord Brennovo waged against them with Kandrion at their side, stopped most of their rituals. They never broke fully through. Had they done so”—fathers eyes went wild—“surely none of us would have been born into this world.”
“All fascinating tails, my love,” Cassandra said, “but can we hear them another time. Celine and I should freshen up. We’ve only just arrived. Yorreno, dear, aren’t you tired?”
He shook his head fervently.
“See,” Celine said, feeling immense satisfaction. “You were only pretending to be cavalier about coming here.”
He looked at her, and she stuck her tongue out at him which made him chuckle.
“Well… yes—very well, dear. But one last thing.” Father turned toward Yoreno. “My boy! My son and my heir. I have something most exciting to tell you.”
“Yes father,” Yoreno looked almost afraid.
“The great lady Brennovo, is coming tonight for supper.”  At the surprised expressions of them all he added, “As well as many other guests from the kingdom who wish to formally welcome us into the city.”
Cassandra smiled. “You have been hard at work,” John.
“Oh, and there’s so much more to tell, dear. Ah I forgot. I keep getting sidetracked. Yorreno!”
“Father?”
“You! You, my son will receive a knight’s training with the lady.” The words came out very self-satisfied.
“WHAT?”
“Yes!”
“Oh, but that’s wonderful,” Cassandra said.
Even Celine was excited. And jealous of her brother. Not jealous that she would not become a knight. No—what a ghastly occupation, but that she had no gift from father.”
“Do you speak true, father?”
“Absolutely! I would not bring you all the way to the illustrious kingdom of Aevalin to jest with you, son. You will receive a knights training from lady Brennovo and in turn our Brendara will assist her guild knowing full well we will be watching, learning how these guilds function, how to set them up start them.”
He laughed loudly. “We have a glorious future ahead of us, family. Now off with you all until supper!”
The family parted ways toward separate ends of the house. Celine went to her bedroom to rest and freshen up, but found she could not sleep at all, despite her weariness from the travels. 
Her heart was beating fast, her excitement welling up deep inside her. 
She looked out the window, to the majesty of the castle. The sun, gold and orange, cast rays into her bedroom and limned everything in those hues. The city was so beautiful.
Celine couldn’t wait to learn more about this lord Arlian Brennovo—to meet his descendent Dantera tonight at dinner, and to learn everything she could about the history of Aevalin and her modern culture.
She felt like a different person.
Life surely would be different here. It was so full of energy and promise. A promise the Brendara family would grasp firmly. She put her hand to her breast, completely unable to contain her excitement.
“Aevalin and The Age of Readventure…”
She smiled.

Afterward
Thanks for reading Klause Schuar, The Grand Bastard. I’ll admit, this first volume is not the greatest representative material of what I plan the series to be, but it’s a good starting point regardless. I think it feels more like a prequel story, actually.
It’s supposed to be the beginning of a new era, a grand age of adventure and discovery. Since the world was previously lost to most of mankind, hence “re-adventure.” Perhaps I captured this with the first and last chapters, though.
I certainly hope that I did. If you enjoyed this story, keep your eyes open. Maybe subscribe to my mailing list, or my goodreads profile if you want updates. Many, many more volumes on the way! Right now I’m writing the second volume in the series titled, Glorious New Age.
See you with the next one.
-Lawrence Caldwell

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Lawrence Caldwell is believed by some to be a wandering samurai, or a vagrant, or possibly a ninja—though perhaps in his infinite mystery, he’s none of these things. Whichever the case, he wanders home as Odysseus did after the great Trojan War in some realm unbeknownst to our world. And—by direct theft of a quote from a certain dwarf named Varric Tethras—he “occasionally writes books.”

Look for These Other Titles by Lawrence Caldwell

AEVALIN AND THE AGE OF READVENTURE
Aevalin: Klause Schuar, the Grand Bastard
Aevalin: Trials on the Isle of Morr
Aevalin: Knight of Aevalin
Aevalin: Errant Adventurer
Aevalin: Kingdom of the Blue Dragon

THE JINNI AND THE ISEKAI
The Jinni and the Isekai
The Black Cobra of Mar’a Thul
Coil and Strike
The Sultan of Darshuun
Sultan’s Legacy


ANARCHO
Fracture Rating
Hussy
Landfill Lich
Rescue Operation
Dreams of Forever

THE PRINCESS AND THE MAGICIAN
The Wind Steppe Princess and the Amalfi Magician

OTHER TITLES
Wakiagau
Haven
Teisatsusha
Blackwood Company
Littlehand Hakuria
Attack on the Spire Keep
The Reconnoiters
Skydrift
Acheron

For discounts, updates on what I’m writing and when I’ll be releasing various titles, sign up to my newsletter or check out my goodreads profile. 

I look forward to hearing from you!

