
Copyright © 2017 by Celeste Irizarry





All rights reserved.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopy, recording or any information storage and retrieval systems, without the expressed written consent from the publisher.

For information about permission to reproduce selections from this book, write to Permissions: DreamcatchersPublishing@gmail.com






Dreamcatchers Publishing	
North Carolina














Land of the Unknown







By: Celeste Irizarry

Prologue


Some people say that the world, also known as a dimension, is the only one existing in space. However, what if more of these existed, but people didn’t know about them yet?
An older man that went by the name of Marshall U. Johnson was busy doing some research inside a lab. He looked over and took notes on a clipboard to make sure things were going to plan. The colored liquids were in each shaped flask, the lights on the individual devices were still on and had functioned, and the machines nearby operated smoothly. One of which printed out some paper as the man ripped it out and looked at the results.
“This is incredible!” He declared proudly to himself. “The progress in this is astounding!”
“Hey, uh, Marshall?” A younger scientist named Sam asked politely as he entered the room. 
“Yeah, Sammy?” Marshall asked without looking at him.
“Ok, now first off, please stop calling me that,” Sam told him, scratching his head full of black hair. “Second, aren’t you going to take a break?”
“No, thanks, I’m good.” Marshall waved it off dismissively, his eyes still fixated on his notes.
“But you’ve been working on that all day,” Sam pointed out with his pencil.
“He’s right, you know!” A female scientist showed up and agreed, as she followed them into the room. 
Sam turned as he raised his arms. “Mandy, I thought you wanted me to ask him myself?”
“I know,” Mandy squeezed her arm and glanced at the floor. “But I overheard your conversation through the door, and I couldn’t help but...”
“Guys, look,” Marshall interrupted them both. “I appreciate your concerns, but I want to finish this project. It’s almost complete, and soon, I will revolutionize the world!” He handed the two younger scientists the research prints out from before. “See? Look at that!”
“Yeah, it sure is great,” Sam commented, scratching his head.
Mandy, however, shook her head in protest. “Look, if you don’t eat or sleep, your body will get weak. You won’t be able to do much work at that rate.”
After thinking about it, Marshall decided. “Alright, you win. I’ll take a break. 
“We can work on more stuff tomorrow. Why not call it a day and relax a little?” Mandy suggested, playing with her black hair.
“Alright, alright.” Marshall nodded.
Mandy and Sam breathed a sigh of relief. Sam put the clipboard away as the duo headed out of the room with Marshall following close behind.
.-.-.-.
“Wow, I can’t believe that worked,” Sam muttered as he exited the area and closed the door behind him. “Maybe you should’ve taken my place and talked to him yourself.” He glanced at Mandy, who stood right beside him.
“Yeah, I guess I am better at pep-talking than you, no offense.” Mandy teased.
“Eh.”
“You’re no fun.” Mandy pouted and crossed her arms.
“Hey, wait a minute, did Marshall come out with us?”
“Well, now that you mention it—”
An explosion set off from inside the room. The two scientists turned and found the fire surrounding the window on the door. They tried to open the door, but it wasn’t budging. Sam kicked the door open as the two rushed in to find Marshall, all while calling out for his name. The place fell apart all around them.
“Look, over there!” Mandy exclaimed, pointing at a body lying on the floor.
The scientists rushed over to offer aid as Marshall laid there, coughing. 
“Guys, I’m sorry.” He said weakly.
“No, don't apologize,” Mandy interjected with a shake of her head. “How’d this even happen?”
“I wanted to check something out real quick, but... I think I made a mistake.”
“Come on; hang in there!” Sam exclaimed, desperately shaking his body.
“Guys, please, tell Maggie that I...”
“No, you’re going to make it out of here, ok, I swear! So bear with it a little longer, ok?”
Marshall responded with a nod, and nothing more.
.-.-.-.
Sam and Mandy escorted Marshall out of the Lab of Intervening Cosmology, then dialed the number for emergencies. The two scientists waited for the ambulance to arrive as they watched the firefighters put out the fires in the burning building. 
Sam looked over and placed his hand on Mandy’s shoulder as she sighed, staring at the smoke flying out of the architecture.
“I know he wanted to unlock the potential,” Sam said as he looked away from the collateral damage. “But if you ask me, I think—”
“Let’s finish it.” Mandy interrupted as the fires reflected in her glasses. “We can’t have any of his efforts go in vain!”
“But do you realize how much weight would be on our shoulders and how much we would need to do?”
“We won’t know until we try. We can’t give up!” Mandy looked him in the eyes, her brows creasing. “Are you with me or not?”
“I never said I wouldn’t help, but it won’t be easy...”
“Nothing is easy in this world; you know that...”
“I do,” Sam stared at the horizon. “But who knows how long this will take to get it done...”



Episode 1

A woman pulled her caramel hair into a ponytail as she prepared breakfast. The woman, named Dakota, placed the scrambled eggs aside on a plate next to the glasses of fruit punch and orange juice. 
The sound of footsteps got Dakota’s attention as she turned to find someone walking down the stairs. A boy put on a midnight blue shirt over his head and got it through as he shook his curly brown hair.
“Oh, hey, Tommy. I was just about to call you down,” Dakota said with a smile.
“Yeah, I know, I had a feeling you would do that...” Tommy replied, seating himself at the table. 
The two stayed silent as they had their meals. Dakota stared at the bottom of her drink and sighed, trying to hide her sorrow. She knew how painful it’d be that she wouldn’t see her nephew for an entire week. Dakota broke the awkward silence and gave him a small smile.
“The field trip is today, right? I hope you have a fun time there.”
“I will. Don’t worry; I’ll be home before you know it.” Tommy grinned at her as he wiped his mouth with a napkin, leaving behind grease stains smeared across.
He didn't know why his aunt was worried. He set his alarm ahead of time so he could get to the buses on time. Tommy took one last sip from his juice, grabbed his dark blue backpack, and approached the door.
“Hey, you sure you don’t want me to take you to school?”
“Yeah, I’m sure.” Tommy opened the door and saw that it drizzled outside. He closed the door and turned to his aunt. “On second thought, could you take me?”
“Certainly!”
.-.-.-.
Tommy looked out of the window to the car as he sat in the passenger seat. Dakota activated wipers to get a more unobstructed view of the path ahead of her. Tommy stared at the rain pitter-pattering against the windows and sighed. Dakota took notice and tried to brighten up the mood with some music on the radio. However, nothing good came on today, so she turned the radio off and started another conversation.
“Are you worried that we’ll be getting there late because of this weather?” She asked without looking away from the front view of the road.
“A little...” Tommy replied with a shrug.
“We’ll get there on time; don’t worry about it.”
“I sure hope so.”
“So, how many days will you be gone again?” Dakota asked.
“Um, three to five days, I think.” Tommy guessed, counting with his fingers. “Why do you ask?”
“I see. I just wanted to know so I can count down the days.”
“Ok, then.”
Dakota gripped the steering wheel and bit her lip, she glanced away, hoping her nephew wouldn’t notice. 
“I’ll miss you.”
“Huh? Where did that come from?” Tommy asked, turning to face her.
“Oh, nothing!”
.-.-.-.
After a while, the two made it to the school grounds; other people surrounded buses nearby.
“Ah, it looks like we’re here,” Dakota said.
“Alright!” Tommy cheered as he took the seat belt out from under him, grabbed his backpack, and exited out of the car. He looked back at his aunt and waved. “Bye Dakota!”
Dakota smiled and waved back. “Goodbye, please be careful and stay out of trouble, alright?”
“I will; I will.” He replied with a smile. “I’ll miss you too.”
As the car drove off, he looked over with a beaming smile. Tommy felt a force hit him in the back. He turned to see a black-haired boy standing there with a smug grin on his face.
“Hey, Tommy, nice to see you made it on time!” The boy exclaimed, adjusting his glasses.
“Shut it, Antonio,” Tommy muttered under his breath.
“Well, shall we head in the bus before they leave us?”
“You don’t have to tell me twice,”
“What a shame; I was going to do just that.” Antonio joked.
The two waited in a line as a counselor that wore a yellow-green hat guided and assigned the students to seats and buses. Tommy and Antonio found some places near the back to sit down.
Antonio practically couldn’t sit still in his seat.
“Man, I can’t wait until we get to Aylont!” 
“Me too,” Tommy added.
The bus encountered some traffic, so they took a pit stop so everyone could eat, drink, and relax. After lunch, the vehicle got noisy in quick succession. The counselor tried to calm everyone down as the driver calmly took everyone to safety. 
Tommy and Antonio looked out their windows to explore the sights, and look for a welcome sign to Aylont. No one knew how long the trip would take to get there, but it felt like a long one, regardless. 
Before anyone knew it, though, the bus came to a stop next to a station and hotel. Everyone soon got asked to leave the bus, as they had finally arrived at their destination. After getting rooms at the place called Jade Pyramid Hotel and Spa, the counselor turned to everyone and cleared his throat to get their attention.
“Ok, everyone, please be sure to stay together in groups, and don’t go anywhere reckless,” He advised cautiously. “And be sure to meet back at the Jade Pyramid before dusk, alright?”
“Alright!” Everyone replied. 
As they dispersed, some groups went over to the map stand to retrieve some maps. Antonio finally got some space to grab a map and met up with Tommy to discuss their plans.
“So, any place you’d like to head to first?” Antonio asked, pulling the map out and inspecting the areas.
“Ooh, how about the Planetarium?” Tommy suggested, pointing at an enormous dome on the top center of the map.
“Hey, it also has an aquarium, too! And a library right next to—” Antonio paused as he glanced at Tommy, then cleared his throat. “Sorry about that, got carried away. We can go to your place first.”
“Uh-huh. Alright.”
.-.-.-.
The two followed the coordinates to get to the Planetarium. They read the notice on the door and found that the show wouldn’t start until later, much to Tommy’s disappointment. Antonio suggested they head to the library while they pass the time and wait until it’s close to starting. Tommy reluctantly agreed.
They both spent some time at the Rainbow Bibliotheca and found some places to sit. Antonio looked over some science textbooks on his table while Tommy browsed the shelves for anything neat.
“Have you found anything good yet?” Antonio inquired, looking up from his reading.
“No, not yet,” Tommy replied, slumping against the bookshelf. “There are so many books that center on space but don’t have a lot of pictures in them.”
“Oh, so you’re into those kinds of books?” Antonio remarked, observing his friend from a distance.
“Well, I think they’re more interesting and fun to read.” Tommy looked away and murmured.
“Sure, I wouldn’t put it past you, Tommy, but reading lots of words can help with your brain and knowledge. The same thing can go for science.”
“Well, I guess it could be similar if you think about it long enough.” 
“I know, right?”
Tommy sighed as he went over to pick up a book closest to what he was looking for and walked to his friends’ table.
The two boys stayed silent as they read the books they had picked out. Soon, Antonio looked over and broke the silence. 
“Hey, there’s a place I want to go to after we go to the planetarium. Can we go to the Science Research Center?” Antonio suggested.
“Um, sure, why do you ask?” Tommy inquired.
“Well, I heard that my uncle Samuel is here and is working on something. I’d love to visit him and see what the guy’s up to...”
“I see. Hopefully, we can make it before dusk...”
“Yeah.”
“So, what now?”
“Um, how about more reading?”
“No, thank you.”
.-.-.-.
Tommy and Antonio left the library and wasted more time exploring the unfamiliar town until it got around the time for the Planetarium to start. Antonio looked at his watch while Tommy glanced at his map, hoping they went in the right direction. 
The two arrived back at the Planetarium where an attendant showed them the way to the back door as a line of impatient people stepped inside.
Everyone found some good seats on the floor as the doors shut, and the big room got dark. The woman working there moved toward the orb in the center of the chamber and turned it, showing off some pictures while she narrated. The audience oohed at the different things happening in the day and night cycles. 
Birds would fly, and clouds would take shape in the daylight, while shooting stars and owls flew by in the night. A shot of a meteor also showed up as it hit a planet called Cobrichi, resulting in an explosion of stardust. It flew over the crowd, almost as if one could touch it themselves.
Eventually, the show ended, and everyone applauded. The crowd left the area and headed to the gift shop and the museum next to it. After a while, Tommy and Antonio headed out of the Planetarium.
“That was so cool!” Tommy exclaimed, getting pumped up.
“Yeah, it was like a mix of 2D, and 3D rolled into one!” Antonio added.
“Couldn’t you just say 4D?” Tommy said, rolling his eyes. 
“Or maybe it’s like a 4D slideshow?”
Tommy facepalmed and walked away.
“Hey, wait for me!” Antonio exclaimed, trying to follow his friend at a breakneck pace.
.-.-.-.
“Ok, I think we still have some time left,” Antonio checked his watch and confirmed.
“Alright, let’s head to that science place,” Tommy replied. He took the map from his friend to take another look at it. “Do you have any idea where it could be?”
“Hmm, I’m not so sure exactly...” Antonio glanced over and sighed. “But I know we’ll find it, eventually, hopefully.” He pondered for a moment and thought up an idea. He reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone. Antonio dialed up a number and placed the phone near his ear.
“Uh, what are you doing?”
“Calling my Uncle,”
“Oh, good idea.”
Soon, the phone came through. “Hey, Sam, it’s me. Yeah, I’m on a field trip with my friend in Aylont. Yeah. Uh-huh. I know. Can you tell me where your place is? Yes, that one. No, I won’t. I promise.” Antonio took another look at the map while Tommy tried to listen in on their conversation, for he didn’t know what was going on in the other side of the phone. “Alright,” Antonio continued. “I guess I’ll see you there then. Thanks so much and goodbye.” He hung up the phone and turned to his pal.
“So, how did it go?” Tommy asked, tapping his foot and crossing his arms.
“Hand me the map.” Antonio insisted, taking the object from him. “I know where to go, just follow me.” He strolled along the sidewalk at a brisk pace.
Tommy ran over to catch up to him. “I take it you won't tell me until we get there?”
“Yep!”
“Ugh, of course…”
.-.-.-.
Tommy and Antonio followed the map until they reached a particular spot called The Arching Caves. When they got inside, they found the attendance room empty. Was the place closed for the day? If so, why didn’t they lock it up? Antonio pointed at the entrance door and noticed that it was still open. The boys looked at one another with worry before heading through. 
They walked down some human-made paths while looking around at some forms the cavern took. The blue stalactites hung from the ceiling like crystal chandeliers. The yellow stalagmites formed variations of small and big cities, towns, or even people, but neither of them knew what each of them represented. 
Tommy and Antonio hugged the brown walls, watched their footing, and traversed lower and lower when they noticed the surrounding areas got darker. As they continued to press on, the Stalactites and Stalagmites got dimmer glows, making it harder to see their footing. 
They eventually noticed an off rail path with some lights on the side of the trail and went there. Tommy noticed his reflection off the water and the top of the ceiling, not noticing the tape he gently pushed to the side.
Eventually, the two stopped at a big metallic door with a speaker system built inside.
“Um, is this the place?” Tommy whispered, leaning over.
“I think so,” Antonio replied. He looked up and saw the ‘DANGER: KEEP OUT’ sign plastered on top of the door. As if anyone would take note of that and listen, right?
“Maybe this isn’t a good idea after all,” Tommy’s body fidgeted.
“Relax, my uncle’s friendly; there’s nothing to worry about.”
“That wasn’t what I—”
Antonio pressed the intercom and spoke through it. “Hello?”
 A robotic monitor soon peeked out and stared at them. “Password?” It spoke to them.
“What? But it’s me...”
“Oh, sorry, Antonio, let me open the doors for you.” The monitor went back inside the door as it slowly opened itself up for the two boys to come in.
“Why is there a place like this inside a cave?” Tommy whispered.
“Beats me.”
.-.-.-.
Antonio and Tommy entered the lab, where they’re greeted by an older, tall man who also had short black hair and glasses on.
“Hello, boys.” The man chirped as he walked over and extended his arm for a shake.
“Hey, Sam, long time no see,” Antonio replied, grabbing and shaking his hand.
“I would say the same thing.”
Tommy inspected the two, his eyes widening. “Whoa, you guys look identical!”
“Yeah, we get that a lot...” Sam said sharply.
Sam let the two boys in as he introduced them to his science partner, Mandy. After some pleasantries, Sam got straight to the point of why he asked for his nephew to come over.
“So, would you like to have a look at our latest project?”
“Sure thing!” Antonio replied, stars appearing in his eyes.
“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” Mandy leaned in and whispered in his ear.
“Why not?” Sam shrugged. “No harm done, as long as—”
“What are you working on?” Tommy interrupted, leaning towards them in an attempt to eavesdrop on the duo.
“We’re trying to create a portal,” Mandy explained, straightening herself. “One that can take you to another dimension!”
“No way, is that even possible?” The boys tried to stay still and contain their excitement.
“That’s only the fun of it, though,” Sam told them. He turned and looked at the computer screen in front of them, reminiscing. “He always wanted to see if there were other worlds to explore...”
“Uh, what did you say there?” Antonio titled his head in confusion.
“Oh, sorry, it’s nothing you should worry about...” Sam waved it off and quickly headed for the keyboard processor. “We just need to adjust a few more things before testing it out at last.”
Mandy looked over some notes on her seat and scratched her head with the eraser of the pencil.
“Shouldn’t we find some test subjects for this?”
“That is something we need to consider for this...”
Tommy and Antonio’s faces lit up as they both rushed over to the scientists, practically jumping up and down. “Can we see it when it’s finished? Please?”
“Oh, uh, sure thing,” Mandy responded with hesitation in her voice.
“When will you guys finish?” Tommy asked, out of curiosity. He placed his hands on the table and examined the papers, but she shuffled and stacked them so he couldn’t see.
“We’re not sure about that, unfortunately.” Sam crossed his arms and got lost in thought.
“You guys will just have to be patient on this, sorry,” Mandy added. She picked up the papers and walked over to Sam’s desk.
“Aw, man.” Tommy groaned as he went to slump on the bench across the room, with Antonio following soon after. 
The two looked from a distance and watched Sam and Mandy continue their work.
“I wonder what kind of dimension they’ll uncover...” Antonio pondered, scratching his chin. “The longer I wait, the more I want to see it!”
Tommy, however, crossed his arms and pouted, trying not to make a fuss about the matter. “Can’t we help make it go faster?”
“Tom, we shouldn’t interfere with them and their hard work. Besides, isn’t it more interesting to watch them work and do this amazing stuff?”
“Not really, no.”
“You know, you weren’t interested in science beforehand, so what piqued your interest in—?”
“Will you shut it, Antonio?!” Tommy retorted while he [Antonio] tried to contain his laughter. Both stopped when they overheard the scientists.
“I’m getting exhausted.” Sam groaned, wiping the sweat off his forehead.
“Why don’t we take a break?” Mandy suggested.
“Good idea.”
Oh, come on! Tommy threw his hands in the air, having just about given up.
.-.-.-.
As the four locked the place up for now and headed out of the caverns, Antonio, his uncle, and Mandy discussed what they should do during their break. 
Tommy couldn’t think straight or pay attention to their conversation. All he could think about at the moment was the portal the scientists were making. If only he could make the process go faster. 
What could be in it? How would they do it? What kind of portal could it have been? 
All of those questions gnawed at his brain, and he didn’t know how to control it, let alone stop thinking about it.
“Hey, Antonio, how about eating with us?” Sam offered to his nephew.
“Um, I don’t know...”
“If you’re worried about staying up late, then don’t worry. I’ll let them know you were with us the whole time. You can even bring your friend along.”
“Oh, sure thing, then!”
“I know some excellent places we can go to.”
“Cool! More stuff to see and know about in Aylont! Am I right?” Antonio glanced over at Tommy.
“Yeah, that’d be cool,” Tommy replied softly, still lost in thought. 
As they continued to walk, Tommy looked over and spotted some patterns that had formed an arching pathway. His eyes fixated on following it, curious about where it could lead. He stopped following the others and noticed a shadow lurking on the ground behind some stalagmites and near an open passageway.
It looked more like a hole or a blemish on the floor; the shadow leaped off its hiding spot and climbed to a higher level. It rushed over toward the metallic doors in the opposite direction.
Whoa, what on—? Tommy shook his head, taken aback at the occurrence.
Antonio stopped walking and turned upon finding that his friend hadn’t been following them.
“Hey, Tommy, is there something wrong?” Antonio called out to him from a distance.
“Back there, I saw—”
“Man, you sure are strangely obsessed with- what the?” Antonio leaned over, adjusted his glasses, and also noticed the shadow. 
The shadow ran over to the door and whispered something to the monitor that extended from the door.
“Confirmed, you may enter.” It said before disappearing and opening the doors for the shadow to come inside.
“Wait up!” Antonio and Tommy cried out as they ran over to the doors slowly closing up. 
They got through right before it shut tight. A loud thunk echoed through the cave, reaching Sam and Mandy’s eardrums.
“Boys?” The two scientists turned back to notice that Antonio and Tommy disappeared. They hurried back to their lab as soon as possible.
.-.-.-.
Tommy and Antonio chased after the shadow and came across the control lab, where the shadowy figure stopped. 
“Hey, you!” Tommy exclaimed to get the character’s attention. “What do you think you’re doing?”
The figure turned around to face the two boys. The headlamps shone down on the person, who turned out to be a female with long black hair.
“Why do you even care?” She retorted back at them.
“That’s my uncle’s stuff you’re messing with!” Antonio mentioned, clasping his hands together.
“Yeah, so what?”
“If you keep at it, you’ll ruin—”
“You don’t get it, do you?”
“Huh?”
“I do not intend to break it; I’m trying to fix it faster! Now stay out of my way if you know what’s good for the both of you...” She warned them coldly.
Antonio leaned over and whispered to his friend. “Is she serious? Do you think she means it?”
“Beats me.” Tommy shrugged, whispering back.
Antonio soon drew his attention back to the girl, who continued to work. “But, wait, why are you trying to help with—?”
“Oh my god, will you be quiet already?” The black-haired girl interrupted.
“Hey, don’t you talk to my friend like that!” Tommy snapped.
“I need to have some concentration on this,” She said, trying to calm down the situation. “Some silence if you will...”
“Oh?” Tommy scowled at her remark, taking a step closer. “So answer me this then. You broke in here, under dangerous circumstances, locked the people working on this outside, and are messing around in this lab, and you expect us to be quiet for you?”
“Uh, Tommy?” Antonio whispered to him, trying to get his attention.
“Man, you’re irritating...” The female muttered through her teeth.
“Is that so?” Tommy continued. “And why is that? I’m just pointing out how—”
“Just shut up! You know nothing!”
“What are you talking about?”
Antonio nudged his friend to get his attention and whispered to him again. “Tommy, please, you shouldn’t—”
“I...” The black-haired girl muttered, her head lowered. “I want to change this world myself!” She shouted with her head held high and her fists clenched, slamming them onto the keyboards, causing electricity to spark out. “Uh-oh, that doesn’t look good...”
“You call that helping?” Antonio asked in a panic.
“That does it; I’m stepping in!” Tommy exclaimed as he rushed over to the control pad.
“No, don’t; you might make things worse!” Antonio cried out.
“Hey, what’s going on in there?” Sam’s voice and the banging of the metallic doors from the exit got Antonio’s attention.
“It’s hard to explain!” He shouted back.
“Move!” The girl exclaimed as she pushed Tommy away, causing him to hit an activation button on the wall.
The ground shook, the trio held on to nearby objects, trying to keep their balance. The machines around the three came to life and went into a haywire mode, until a bright glowing light appeared, covering a good chunk of the lab area.
“What’s going on? What’s happening? And what is that?” Antonio asked, pointing at the beam of light.
“How should I know?” Tommy questioned.
“No way...” The black-haired girl murmured. She stood up and stared at the beam of light, much to the boy’s confusion.
“It worked; it worked!” She yelled out. Tears streamed down her face as she spread her arms wide, and ran toward the light, disappearing from their sights.
“Wait!” Tommy cried out, extending his arm to try and stop her, but Antonio grabbed and pulled him away.
A force of wind and gravity rushed to face the light. The two boys tried to hold on for dear life and avoid getting sucked in. They both lost their grip and flew toward the light as they screamed at the top of their lungs.
Sam and Mandy forcefully opened the big metallic doors and ended up breaking them. The two rushed over to find the light getting smaller and smaller until it faded away.
“Tommy? Antonio?” Sam called out to them, looking around the messy and abandoned lab.
“That light, you don’t suppose...?” Mandy brought up.
“No way. Did we just see...?”
“The portal appear right before our eyes? I don’t believe it either, but it’s likely possible...”
“Wait, we don’t have time to think about this; we got to find out where they winded up!”
“Oh, right!” How did they do that, though?











Episode 2

Tommy, Antonio, and the girl from before landed on the ground safely as the portal above them closed up. The three got up, rubbed their heads, and dusted off before having a look around. Tommy didn’t know where they were, as it didn’t seem like any other place he had been to or seen before. 
The sky had a weird mix of yellow and orange with a red sun glowing. The dry and cracked ground where the three stood, while up ahead, there appeared to be green, wet terrain with jade green tree leaves and light brown trunks and stems. They couldn’t see much more beyond the green. The question was, where did they end up? And was there more to this place than they imagined?
“Where do you suppose we are exactly?” Tommy asked, his heart pounding around his ribcage.
“You’re asking me? I can’t give a solid answer...” Antonio replied. “I’m still processing what’s happening right now.”
The black-haired girl took out a video recorder from her red bag, for she didn’t seem to be as afraid as the other two. “Alright, so this is the place, huh? Time for me to go exploring.”
The female went to head off in a different direction. Tommy placed his hand on her shoulder and made her stop in place. 
“Hey, wait.”
“What now?” The girl gave out an exasperated sigh and turned to him.
“What were you thinking?” He questioned, throwing his arms in the air. “You trapped us in here, and you’re not even scared? You don’t even regret your actions?”
“Of course not. Why should I when this was all your fault?”
“What? How so?”
“You pushed the button.”
“But you pushed me!”
“You were annoying!”
“Well, maybe you shouldn’t have broken in, huh?”
“I had business to do there, so I had no choice! If you had just let me be, you wouldn’t have—”
“Guys?” Antonio shouted, breaking their argument. “Will you stop—?”
Some loud booming noises snapped the trio out of their concentration. They turned around and found themselves face to face with a big gray dinosaur. It had sharp teeth, medium-sized arms, crooked legs, a big beak for a mouth, and multi-colored eyes. It had a form of the T-Rex, but something felt a bit off about the creature.
“Don’t move.” The black-haired girl muttered.
“Huh? What do you mean?” Tommy asked.
“That’s a Kritocephalorex. They may look scary, but they’re very noble-headed. Just hold your ground, ok?”
“Whoa, how do you know—?”
“Just do as I say or else, alright?”
Tommy and Antonio gulped as they continued to stare at the dinosaur, as it stared at them back. Their bodies froze in place, and their hearts pounded across their chests as they tried their best to not make a sound. After what felt like an eternity, eventually, the dinosaur walked away, prompting the group to collapse on the ground and breathe a sigh in relief.
“It left, finally...” Antonio said, wiping sweat from his forehead.
“But how is this possible?” Tommy asked. He stared at the horizon from a distance.  “Why are there dinosaurs here?”
“Beats me, perhaps we’ve gone back in time?”
“Seriously, that’s your best guess?” The female rolled her eyes.
“Hey, I don’t see you helping.” Tommy sharply rebuked.
More noises got their attention, only this time, it came from the trees, as some bird-like dinosaurs that looked like pterodactyls flew away. Even the gray dinosaur from before ran past in the opposite direction from them. 
The trio didn’t have a clue on what was going on or what caused this until they turned around and noticed two big black legs pop out from the trees and slowly headed toward their direction.
Antonio observed the situation as he let out anxious laughter. He made a glance at the girl. “So, ma’am, what should we—?”
“Run, definitely run!” She replied quickly and ran in the opposite direction.
The two boys followed her lead, hearts bouncing around their chests as they tried to catch their breath. Soon, the three tripped and slid down the hill. They looked up as some glowing purple eyes stared them down as the three tumbled to the ground below. After more roaring echoed around them, the group got up and bolted out of the hill base, and ran straight into the forest-like terrain.
.-.-.-.
As the three walked through the overgrown trees, soft wet grass, and thick branches, they wondered what to do now.
“Where are we now?” Antonio asked, swatting the bugs away from him.
“I just saw a sign that said ‘Mysterious Woods,' so maybe that’s where we are right now.” The female confirmed.
“Do you think we’re lost?” Tommy asked, scratching the back of his leg.
“I’m not sure...” Antonio replied.
The girl groaned in response. “Great, it probably heard you guys and wanted a bite to eat or something.”
“Or maybe it smelled the other dinosaur and was going after that instead,” Antonio added with a snap from his fingers.
“Whatever, either way, Curly Cube started it.” The girl pointed at Tommy.
“What!” Tommy got taken aback by the remark and barked at her. “I have a name, you know, it’s Tommy!”
“Eh, whatever.”
“You just love to pick on me, do you?”
“Says who? All I was saying was—”
“Guys, guys!” Antonio got in their way and barked at them both again.
“What?!” The other two asked impatiently. 
“The sun is setting down, shouldn’t we find a place to sleep for the night instead of fighting?”
“Oh, you have a good point...” The girl replied.
“Well, then let’s go find us a nice place to stay the night!” Tommy proclaimed as he marched off in another direction.
“Wait, don’t rush off on your own like that!” Antonio warned him.
“Why not? It’s not like there’s any more danger in front of us...”
“Maybe not in front, but—”
Before Antonio could answer, Tommy noticed his body not moving at all. He looked down, only to find himself in quicksand.
“Uh, a little help?” Tommy pleaded.
“Seriously?” The black-haired female complained and let out a groan.
“Hang in there!” Antonio called out to him. “Quick, help me find something to use.” He said to the girl and looked around the area.
“I am!” She responded. 
While looking around the area, the girl found a sturdy-looking stick and picked it up, going near the edge and leaving it hanging in the air for Tommy to grab hold of. “Here, grab this!”
“Thanks!” He reached for the stick as the female tried to pull him out. “Could you pull it any faster?”
“I’m trying!”
Tommy’s weight soon became too much as he accidentally pulled her into the quicksand with him. “Could you have pulled any harder?” She complained.
“I didn’t mean to, I swear!”
“Don’t worry,” Antonio called out to them. “I’ll think of something!” 
He looked around more until a vine stuck in the trees caught his eye. He jumped to reach and grab them, then undid it and left it hanging and open for the two to use.
“You go first.” Tommy declared.
“You were in here first.” The female mentioned.
“Yeah, but you’re more sunk in—”
“You were in here longer than—”
“Just hurry and go already!” Antonio shouted. 
The scenarios got ridiculous by the second. Antonio feared he’d have to put up with this the whole time they’re stuck here. There must be a way to get out of this mess as soon as possible, but where?
Tommy and the girl climbed to the top of the vine. They found a sizable gap between them and the Cliffside where Antonio stood.
The two worked together to swing at a rhythmic pattern. It took a while for them to get it down. Eventually, their fingers were giving way and because of the wet sand slipping from their hands, they had to make the leap or else fall again. Maggie and Tommy jumped off and grabbed the edge of the cliff, hanging on for dear life. Antonio ran over to grab and pull one of them at a time, then the two of them pulled the other out after that.
“Thank goodness we made it out ok...” Tommy panted, trying to catch his breath.
“Ugh, could you be any deader weight to this?” The girl with long hair groaned, sitting on the ground.
He fumed, about to yell at her again, but then stopped himself and calmed down. 
“Ok, I’m sorry.”
“Huh?” The other two glanced at Tommy, their eyes widening.
“I realized it was my fault, and I can see why you’d be upset at me for that...” Tommy continued.
“Oh.” The female replied, stunned by the response. After a bit of silence, she hesitated, but spoke again. “Well, don’t do that again.”
“Alright, I’ll try my best, but do the same too.”
“I will; I will.”
The area got darker the more time had passed. Antonio took out his phone to activate the flashlight feature so that the three of them could see well. They kept on walking until one of them noticed a cave from a distance.
According to the signpost near the entrance, it said, “The Slumbering Hollows.” 
“There, that should be a good place to sleep for the night,” Antonio concluded with a nod.
“Are you sure?” Tommy asked, taking a step back.
“Well, what other choice do we have?”
.-.-.-.
Tommy, Antonio, and the black-haired girl took out their sleeping bags from their backpacks and found a place to rest down without hitting any rocks.
“Man, this sucks.” The female uttered while unzipping her red sleeping bag.
“Tell me about it,” Tommy added as he flopped his blue sleeping bag on a flat surface like he made his bed every morning.
“I wonder how Sam and Mandy are doing...” Antonio sighed, sitting down on his yellow sleeping bag. He took out his laptop and stared blankly at it for a while. Then, the boy thought up something and snapped his fingers. “Wait a minute, that’s it! I remember something!”
“What is it?” Tommy asked, straightening himself up. “What do you remember?”
“Many years ago, when my uncle and I said our goodbyes, he tinkered around my laptop and installed something in it. It was supposed to make it so you could talk to one another from far away, even without the use of the internet!”
“Whoa, is it possible to try it now?”
“I’m not sure, but I’ll try...” 
Antonio turned his laptop on and clicked on an icon on the desktop. He put in a password and Email address and waited a couple of seconds. Eventually, a screen came on where two familiar-looking people paced around a room near a control panel.
 “Guys?” He called out to them.
The two scientists stopped what they were doing, looked over at their big screen, and gasped. 
“No way, Antonio, is that you?” Sam asked, squinting his eyes and adjusting his glasses.
“Yeah, it is!” Antonio exclaimed, pumping his fists in the air. “Oh man, I can’t believe it worked! How are you guys doing?”
“Doing fine so far, but how about you? Are you guys alright?”
“Yep, we sure are.”
“That’s amazing!” Mandy clasped her hands together in excitement. “So, is there—?” Her words soon faded when she looked over at the monitors and gasped. “M-Maggie? Is that you?”
“Huh?” Antonio and Tommy looked over at the black-haired female, who bit her thumb and turned away in response.
“And here I thought you guys would forget about me...” The girl, named Maggie, muttered through her teeth.
“What? But how could we forget about you?” Mandy protested.
“Wait, you know her?” Antonio questioned, pointing at her.
“Of course,” Sam replied. “She used to be an adorable little magpie—”
“Don’t call me that!” Maggie thundered. Her voice echoed through the cave as the group fell silent.
“Maggie Johnson,” Mandy spoke out to her. “Can you tell us how you got there?”
“Well,” Tommy hesitated for a bit, “She did kind of sneak into your lab and—”
“Wait, did she say... Maggie Johnson?” Antonio inquired.
“Yeah, that’s what she just said.”
“Tom, don’t you realize? If my calculations are correct…”
“Wait, what calculations?”
“We must be talking to the daughter of the famous scientist: Marshall U. Johnson!”
Maggie clenched her fist upon hearing that name through her ears again. 
“Don’t you mean infamous?” She muttered through her ground teeth.
“Infamous?” Tommy repeated.
“His projects never worked, they never took him seriously either...”
“Ouch, sorry to hear that...”
“I just wanted one of his projects to work, even if it was just once.” Maggie hung her head low and murmured.
Sam shook his head. “But that’s not an excellent reason to break in and—”
“I don’t need your pity!” Maggie thundered.
“Mag—”
“I’m going to bed!” She exclaimed as she stormed off to get inside her sleeping bag.
Awkward silence embedded in the air briefly before Mandy spoke up.
“Um, you guys should go to bed, too,” Mandy mentioned. “We’ll try our best to get you all out of there.”
“Alright,” Antonio replied. “Goodnight, you two.”
“Sweet dreams.”










Episode 3


Mandy turned off the monitors that displayed Antonio and his acquaintances before dimming the lights down. When she finished doing that, she turned to glare at her partner.
“Why did you say that?”
“I was just being honest.”
“But couldn’t you have said it better?” Mandy inquired, placing her hands on her hips.
“I don’t know.” Sam slumped against his seat. “Look, I feel sorry for her, but what she did was still wrong.”
As they gathered their scattered research notes, the two found their door, which kept suspicious people away, broke apart. Mandy went to fix the control panels while Sam attempted to put the doors back up to repair them. They both knew they still had a lot of work cut out for them and didn’t have much time, or else the two of them would be in big trouble.
A noise interrupted their train of thought as the two scientists looked at the main computer screen to find a notification on it. When Sam and Mandy went to turn it back on, Antonio appeared on the other side of the screen, awake and refreshed.
“Good morning.” Antonio greeted with a wave.
“Good morning...?” Sam replied, tilting his head in confusion.
“Is there something wrong?”
“Is it already dawn where you are?”
“Yeah, why?”
“I guess we have different timelines then...” Sam predicted, placing a hand on his chin.
“Wait, you mean you haven’t—”
“Come on, you guys; hurry!” A female voice next to Antonio shouted impatiently.
“Hang on; we’re coming. You don’t have to rush us!” A male voice roared. “Are you ready to go, Antonio?”
Antonio moved his laptop over to show that Maggie and Tommy had put their stuff away and were about to head out. He nodded in response to Tommy’s question.
“Antonio, where are you guys going?” Mandy questioned, leaning closer to the screen.
“We plan on exploring the areas here and finding some food, water, and better shelter to sleep in,” Antonio responded, showing them their packed items.
“I’m leaving without you,” Maggie muttered, storming off.
“Hey, wait!” Tommy exclaimed as he ran to catch up with her.
“You should go with them,” Sam mentioned to his nephew sternly. “Be careful and stick together. Who knows what this place has in store...”
“It’s dangerous. I won’t lie there,” Antonio added. “But we’ll try to manage and survive until you get us out of here.”
“Don’t you worry, we’ll bring you back; I promise you.”
“I know, uncle.”
The groups said their goodbyes as Antonio signed off, closed the device, and headed out to meet up with the others outside the cave.
.-.-.-.
“Alright, first things first, we’ll need to find some food and water.” Maggie declared as the group set off in a less grassy area.
“What kind do you think we’ll find?” Tommy asked, stretching his arms.
“Probably either fruits or seeds, knowing this place,” Antonio predicted, adjusting his glasses.
“You sure took a while talking to them, by the way...” Tommy pointed out.
“Well, yeah, I had a lot to say, though...” Antonio chuckled, scratching the back of his head.
“I’ll leave you behind for real if you do that again.” Maggie threatened.
“Sorry, sorry,” Antonio held his hands up.
Maggie sighed in disbelief. “Let’s just keep going.”
“You started it,” Tommy muttered.
“Tommy, you better not,” Antonio uttered through his teeth.
As the three continued walking, they came across a black T-Rex munching on something on the floor. Maggie informed the two boys that the dinosaur was a Leucoplocerex and that they shouldn’t bother it, especially during mealtime. The three tiptoed back into the tall grass and went through the bushes before getting spotted.
.-.-.-.
Tommy wheezed after escaping the dinosaur, stopping to calm his heartbeat. 
“Oh, man, that was a close one...”
“Yeah, I’ll say,” Antonio added.
“Dang, we won’t be able to go back out there for a while...” Maggie said in a disappointed tone. “Oh well, might as well keep walking...”
“I sure hope we can find some goodies soon,” Tommy sighed as he looked around “I don't know how much more of this I can take.” He bent down to take a short breather before continuing.
After walking a couple more minutes, Antonio looked up and pointed at something. 
“Hey, look over there.”
The other two glanced over as a tall tree caught their eye. Colorful berries dangled on the large branches prominently.
“Oh, excellent eye,” Maggie said, impressed by his skills of observation.
“Thanks.”
“Alright, now, let’s go get them!” Tommy declared, rubbing his hands together as he ran towards the tree.
“No, wait!” Maggie called out. “How are you even going to—?”
“Not to worry, I’ve done something like this before. Granted, that one time I did slip and fall, which hurt my—”
“I don’t want you messing anything up again.” 
“I won’t,”
Maggie shook her head. Not wanting to take the risk, she brushed him aside and walked up to the tree.
“I’ll go get the berries; you stay here.” She strapped the red backpack on her back and climbed the tree.
Tommy got miffed by that response. He wanted to help too and make up for what he did wrong, but she won’t let him? He ignored her remark and climbed the tree. Maggie rolled her eyes and kept going, but moved over to the other branch while Antonio waited for them down below.
“Uh, guys, hold on. We don’t know if the berries are ripe or not.” Antonio pointed out, twiddling his fingers.
“Now, you say something?” Tommy asked, halfway up the tree.
“Don’t worry; I’ll go find out from my uncle right away. I hope this still works.”
Antonio took out the laptop from his yellow backpack and opened it, clicking on the icon and getting into contact with his uncle. When it came through, the screen showed Sam and Mandy working to the bone, sweating up a storm with tired, baggy eyes and messy hair.
“Hi Antonio...” Sam said as he yawned.
“Hey, what’s wrong, you guys?”
“Oh, it’s nothing. We’re just tired, that’s all. So, what is it you need from us?”
“I’d like for you and Mandy to analyze something...”
“Alright, just give us a minute or two...”
Antonio moved the laptop over until it pointed toward the berries and an aqua-colored light formed out of the device, as it scanned each of the fruits before examining and making a diagnosis.
Maggie and Tommy got up on the branches where the berries hung just below them. Antonio shouted from below and told them the results of the analysis.
“Some are riper than others, get the pink and orange berries. The rest of them you can ignore.” Sam concluded.
“Ok, that should be easy to do.” Maggie sat comfortably on the thicker branch and kicked her legs back and forth.
“Be careful, you two,” Mandy whispered, clasping her hands together.
“Hey, Maggie, how about we have a contest to see who can get more berries?” Tommy playfully suggested, resting his arm on the tree.
“No, thank you.” Maggie rolled her eyes, taking out her backpack.
“Oh well, suit yourself.”
The two each took out the pink and orange berries from the branches and placed them into their respective backpacks, all while trying to stay balanced and not fall off. 
The ground rumbled a bit, catching them off guard as they grabbed the most adjacent side of the tree. Maggie slipped and lost her balance, falling from the tree branch. She quickly grabbed the nearest sturdy berry and hung on from there as she saw her backpack fall off and plop to the ground.
“Hang on, Maggie!” Tommy and Antonio exclaimed.
“Wait, check my bag to see if it’s alright!”
“Why would we do that?” Tommy asked, his mouth gaping open.
“Well, did any of the fruit fall out or my stuff break?”
Tommy slowly moved over to the other side of the tree and tried getting Maggie up, while Antonio went to her backpack and checked its contents inside.
“Nope, doesn’t seem like it,” Antonio responded, closing the bag.
“But who cares about that right now?” Tommy complained.
“I care!” Maggie thundered. “I worked hard to get those!”
“But don’t you value your life more?”
“Well, yeah I do, but—”
“Maggie, look out behind you!” Antonio pointed, shaking uncontrollably.
Maggie turned her head as a purple dinosaur stood in front of her. It walked on four legs, had a long neck, and stared at the girl with its red eyes. Maggie could hear her heart pound as her palms grew sweaty from the rough grip of the branches.
“Hey, get away from her!” Tommy plucked out a red berry and threw it toward the dinosaur. The food just bounced on the dinosaur’s head like it was a ball ricocheting against a wall.
“Are you trying to kill it?” Antonio asked.
“What do you want me to do, then?”
“I got this.” Antonio took out a pink berry from the backpack. “Hey, you, eat this!” He exclaimed and threw it from a distance, hoping to lead the dinosaur away from the girl. However, it used its long neck to catch the fruit before it got too far.
“Nice going, you guys,” Maggie said sarcastically.
“Hey, we’re trying, at least!” Antonio retorted, stomping on the ground.
“Do you think you’ll be able to hold on and get up?” Tommy asked.
“I’m not sure...” Maggie admitted as sweat fell from her face. 
Eventually, Maggie couldn’t hold on any longer. Just before the branch snapped, her grip slipped as she fell. Tommy tried to grab her strap as Antonio ran under to catch her. However, Maggie opened her eyes and found she stopped in the air. She had a hunch that something yanked her while falling and left her hovering in the air. She turned towards a dinosaur, which got a hold of her shirt with its teeth.
“H-Hey, let me go!” She cried out. The dinosaur slowly moved her over and placed her on its back, catching the group by surprise. “Uh, thanks.” The dinosaur nodded in reply.
“So wait, is it a friendly dinosaur?” Tommy pondered as he climbed his way back down the tree.
“It appears to be so...” Antonio replied, pulling his shirt collar and laughing nervously.
“Wow, what a magnificent, unusual giant creature this is...” Maggie chirped. “You must be a Thescelotitan.”
“How do you think she knows so much about dinosaurs?” Tommy leaned over and whispered to his friend.
“Like I’d know the answer to that. Why don’t you ask her?” Antonio whispered back.
“Hey, do you guys want a ride?” Maggie called out to them.
“Sure!” Tommy exclaimed, getting pumped up.
“No...” Antonio replied, taking a step back.
“Aw come on, it’ll save you some energy...” Maggie insisted.
“Does the dinosaur mind at all, though?” Antonio asked.
“Not at all.”
“Alright, fine...”
Eventually, all three of them got up on the dinosaurs’ back. It walked along, as the group did their best to hang on and enjoy the sights. Maggie and Tommy could find the area to be higher and larger than life when they were on their regular walk.
“Hey, that reminds me, do you know where we can find some good water?” Maggie inquired.
The purple Thescelotitan nodded and walked in the predetermined path.
.-.-.-.
The dinosaur stopped at a small area with short fuzzy grass, soft sand, and some fresh-looking water in the middle of it all.
“So, is this water safe to drink?” Maggie asked. The dinosaur nodded again. She took out a pink berry from her backpack and fed it to the Thescelotitan, which munched it with glee. “Good Dinosaur.”
“Uh, what are you doing?” Tommy asked with a blink.
“Look, we have plenty of food in the bag. And besides, I wanted to reward it for helping us out here. Is that too much to ask?”
“No, not really...”
“Hey, why don’t we get off and relax here?” Antonio suggested, pointing at the surrounding area.
“That’s not a bad idea...” Tommy and Maggie nodded in agreement.
The three got off the dinosaur, set their stuff aside from the water, and sat down. Tommy and Antonio got some orange and pink berries out of their backpacks and snacked on them, while Maggie took out a container and filled it with some water. The dinosaur moved next to her to lower its head to drink alongside them.
“Oh gosh, this is sour!” Tommy exclaimed after taking some bites out of the orange berry.
“Is it bitter?” Antonio glanced over, about to take a bite out of the pink berry. “If it tastes bad, then you should hurry and spit it out!”
“No way, I love it.”
“...Then quit complaining.”
Beeping noise rang loud and startled the group. Antonio found it came from his laptop and went to investigate briefly. Mandy covered the whole screen, getting apprehensive and examining the area all around her.
“Antonio, are you and your friends alright?!”
“Oh, well, yeah, we are.”
“Mandy quit hugging the screen; I can’t see anything!” Sam complained. Mandy backed up so he could also see in front of him. 
“Sorry,” Mandy said, lowering her head.
“It’s alright.” Sam cleared his throat and continued talking. “We were anxious and didn’t know if anything bad happened to you. We lost some signal at some point and—”
“Nah, it’s all good.” Antonio waved it off in a carefree manner. “Thanks for the concern, though.”
“You’re welcome—”
“Phew, boy, is it getting hot here or what?” Maggie interrupted and yelled so the others could hear, almost as if she did it on purpose. “I think I’ll go take a swim!” Taking no article of clothing off, she ran to the water and swam away from everyone else.
Tommy scratched his head. Why did she do that?
 Antonio leaned over to mutter something to Sam. “Hey, uncle, is the water safe for drinking and swimming into?”
“Well, that’s a question that—”
“Hey, check how long I can hold my breath underwater for!” Maggie interrupted again. She inhaled loudly before dunking herself into the water.
Tommy seemed impressed, but Antonio got curious about something. Now that she couldn’t hear them now, it appeared to be the perfect opportunity to pop out a particular question to the scientists.
“Hey, do you know why she—?”
“It’s about Marshall,” Sam replied, knowing what he’d ask. “She blames us for the condition he’s in now.”
“Aren’t her family members worried about her, though?” Tommy asked. The scientists stayed silent and hung their heads low. “Oh, no… I-I’m so sorry...” He twiddled his fingers, having gotten the picture.
“No, it’s alright.” Mandy tried to reassure him with a fake smile. She then frowned and realized something. “Hey, where is Maggie?”
“Oh, she’s in the water...” Tommy replied casually.
“Dang, she’s been in there for quite a long time,” Antonio added. His eyebrows creased as she examined the water.
“Wait, do you think something bad happened to her?” Tommy asked. He bit his thumb as he waited for an answer.
“Oh no, Sam, check the water!” Mandy ordered. “What did you say its condition was?”
“I’m trying to analyze it now!” Sam exclaimed. “Shoot, I can’t find any data surrounding this water at all!”
“I’ll go see if I can find her!” Tommy told them. 
He rushed over to the water and looked around. It didn’t seem to be that deep or wide, so it should be easy to find Maggie, but where could she have gone? 
“Hang on; I’ll go check underwater!” He held his breath and dived into the water to search for Maggie.
Antonio and the purple dinosaur stood beside the water, not sure what to do besides wait for them.      
“I hope they’re both ok.” He sighed sadly, pressing his knees close to his chest.
“Yeah, same here.” The scientists added.


Episode 4


Tommy gasped as he reached the surface in exasperation. 
“It seems I haven’t found her yet...” He muttered to himself and rubbed his eyes that had gotten filled with bits of water. 
When Tommy re-opened them, he realized he wasn’t in the same location anymore. It looked to be some cave with purple, glittery solid walls and the smooth white ground beside the waters. Tommy looked around as he tried to find some footing to get out of the water. As he wondered how to get out of the mess he got himself in, a voice broke his train of thought.
“Whoa...”
Tommy turned around and found Maggie out of the water, recording parts of the area with her waterproof camera. 
“Maggie?”
“Huh?” She turned around and noticed Tommy in the water. “What are you doing here?”
“How’d you get here?”
“Hey, I asked you first. Although, I have no idea...”
“Well, at least I found you. I’ll tell everyone else where you are.”
“No, wait!”
Tommy couldn’t hear her, as he had already dived into the water to swim downward. Moments later, he rose back up to the surface, exhaling. 
“Hey, you guys, you won’t believe what I just— wait, what?” Tommy looked around in confusion over him, not changing locations at all. But how? And why?
“I already tried that, it didn't work for me...” Maggie responded with a shrug.
“Aw, man, that sucks.” Tommy groaned, smacking the water. “What do we do now?”
“We got no other choice. We need to find a way out of here.”
“You don’t have to tell me twice.”
Maggie walked over to the sides and extended her hand, pulling up Tommy out of the waters as the two stood in the middle of the whole area.
The two spotted some hills that led up to some paths and headed up to some pathways. As they hiked up, they noticed some sturdy and thin walkways fell through to the ground, not leaving much room for exploration. 
Tommy nearly lost his footing, but picked himself back up and accidentally bumped into Maggie, which propelled her forward. She glared at him for a bit before continuing to walk off.
While it didn’t look long from afar, it felt like they were walking for an eternity. Searching for a way out seemed to take and feel longer than Tommy expected. His legs grew numb and tired of trying the many paths viewable to their eyes. The area wasn’t bright either, but it wasn’t entirely dark the further they went. Maggie didn’t seem to have any problems, but Tommy didn’t feel like he could take it anymore.
“Why does it have to be so hard and long to walk around?” Tommy whined, feeling like he’ll pass out from exhaustion.
“Because it is? What do you expect?” Maggie questioned, without looking at him.
“Well, I just wish that there’s some light to show that we’re on the right track, not to mention, make it easier for us to see.”
Just as he finished that sentence, at the corner of his eyes, he noticed a magenta light shining off from nearby.
“Where did that come from?” Maggie pointed out.
“Maybe that could be a way out?” Tommy guessed.
“How did we miss that…?”
“Let’s follow it and see what happens.”
The two headed towards the light in front of them. They noticed another path laid out in front of them; this one seemed different, though. As the two walked closer, Tommy and Maggie looked around, crystals attached to the walls glowed prominently everywhere they turned. They had variations of sizes and colors, almost as if they’re neon lights at a rave, glow sticks at a concert, or even rock candy you’d find at a store.
Tommy leaned over to inspect a crystal; he could see his reflection on one of them and reached for a red one. When he pulled it out of the wall, however, the heat rose around his side, causing it to burn. Tommy quickly let go of the crystal and yelped in pain as a result and tried to blow softly on his hand to numb the pain.
“Are you alright?” Maggie asked, checking for marks on his body.
“Yeah, I'm fine,” Tommy replied weakly, rubbing his hands. “Why did it do that, though? How did it do that?” 
“You’re asking me? I don’t know, maybe it’s just that crystal, and the others are different.” I don’t even see why you’d do that.
Maggie walked over and extended her reach to grab a peach-colored crystal. After taking it out from the wall, it didn’t seem to burn her hand. The presence felt warm and light, being surrounded by a soft glow around her hands soothingly.
Tommy, on the contrary, had a feeling something was up. He wanted to ask her how she knew one wouldn’t give her any side effects, but he didn’t have concrete evidence, or was he sure if what Maggie said was a coincidence or just a superb guess. To be on the safe side, though, it wouldn’t hurt to ask right now.
“Hey, Maggie, do you know what that one does? It doesn't seem like anyone is—”
Sounds of footsteps interrupted him, as it came closer to where they stood.
“Who’s there?” Maggie asked, quickly turning to face the entrance.
“Quick, we should hide!” Tommy whisper-yelled, pointing over at a big rock.
The two ran and hid behind the rock as two shadows appeared in the area from the sides. Tommy and Maggie peeked their heads out as more shadows showed up and gathered around the area where the crystals were. Tommy squinted his eyes, trying to get a good glimpse of who was there. However, he couldn’t get a great view of anything without getting spotted. Maggie mentioned how she couldn't see well, either.
Two of the shadows dug through the walls and knocked over some crystals, while two more brought in some baskets to fill them in as they passed the buckets to the next group for taking out before repeating the cycle.
“What are they doing? And what could they be doing? Taking all of those crystals like that...” Tommy whispered. He turned to notice that Maggie wasn’t paying attention or listening to him as she was too focused on the glass she recently got. “Uh, Maggie?” He asked, trying to get her attention.
“I think it’s dirty,” Maggie muttered. She rubbed the crystal to get a better view of it, as the shard shined brighter, too bright even.
A flash of light beamed out from the crystal. It bounced around the walls and headed towards the entrance to the room. The glow of light caught the attention of the shadowy figures.
“What was that?” One of them asked.
“I think it came from over there.” Another figure replied while pointing at the gray rock Tommy and Maggie hid behind.
“Run!” Tommy exclaimed as he and Maggie escaped their hiding spot and rushed out of the area as quickly as possible. 
“Hey!” The shadow figures shouted as they gave chase.
Maggie and Tommy hurried back to the cliff sides and tried getting over to the other side without getting caught or losing their balance and fall. However, by the time they got about halfway, the two found themselves surrounded by other shadows with glowing red eyes.
Unsure of what to do, Tommy looked over and noticed the deep water just a few meters below. He clenched his fist with one hand and grabbed Maggie’s hand with the other, as he told her to follow his lead. The two ran over to the edge and leaped, falling and landing in the water. They miraculously survived and swam up to the surface, trying to breathe in the fresh air while also getting a clear view of the surrounding situation.
“Are you out of your mind?” Maggie asked.
“What? There was no other way we could’ve escaped from those guys, right?” Tommy tried to defend himself.
“But we could’ve also gotten killed!” Maggie pointed out.
“But I checked, it’s not far down when I looked down, that is...” Tommy replied.
“Uh-huh, sure you did.”
“Those guys will catch up to us soon, whoever they are...”
“No, duh, do you honestly think they’d just stand there and watch us try to escape?”
“We got to hide.”
“No, we got to leave.”
Tommy looked down at the deep waters as an idea sparked in his head. 
“Hey, do you know how long can you hold your breath for Maggie?”
“A pretty long time, didn’t I already establish that?” Maggie questioned, raising an eyebrow. “Also, why are you asking now?”
“I have another idea. We can find a way out by checking the water.”
The shadows became more prominent, and their voices grew louder. Seeing as they had little to no time left pondering for another idea, Maggie nodded her head and decided to take the risk.
The two dived underwater to hide from the shadows as they looked at the water for some way out. However, the area was dark in a lot of spaces, so it got hard for them to find some light at the end of a tunnel. Just then, the peach crystal Maggie held tightly in her hands shined a light, breaking through the darkness. It threw a beam out at one path, like a compass pointing at its destination.
Tommy and Maggie continued to hold their breath as they followed the light before the shadows could spot them when they got caught in a current. Their bodies moved with the water automatically, almost like they were getting sucked in by a black hole, trapped in space. 
As the two got out of the current and resumed following the light on the crystal, their bodies felt heavy, and they slowly lost their vision, as more bubbles poured out of their systems. They felt dizzy and weary but had to find a close spot of land fast or else. Tommy and Maggie soon saw the sky above and quickly swam up to get more air and composure.
.-.-.-.
Maggie and Tommy exhaled as they made it to the surface and dragged themselves out of the water, all while coughing and wheezing. The two laid down on the fuzzy grass. After relaxing and letting the sun dry them out, they got up to pour the water out of their systems.
“You know what, maybe that wasn’t such a good idea after all...” Tommy muttered, rubbing his eyes.
“You think?” Maggie retorted, squeezing her long hair like a wringer to get rid of the water.
“Well, at the very least, we got out of there, ok.”
“Yeah, but where’s the dinosaur and that geeky friend of yours?” Maggie asked.
“Oh yeah, now that you mentioned it, where are they?” Tommy repeated.
The two stood around, calling out for him and the Thescelotitan. They tried as loud as they could, but they couldn’t get a single reply. 
Something about the area seemed off, too. The water looked more like a small pond instead of an enormous lake. No sand beside the pool, not as many trees as before, either; the grass behind them felt fuzzy. Bushes also appeared in every corner of the location.
Eventually, Maggie gave up and sat down in a huff. 
“Oh, what’s the use?” She muttered, placing her hands on her cheeks and crossing her legs. “If we keep at this, we’re more than likely going to call in some predators unintentionally.”
“Fair enough, I guess,” Tommy said with a shrug. He rested one of his hands on his chin and hummed to himself.
“Well, genius, what do you suppose we do now?” Maggie asked, getting up and placing her hands on her hips.
“How should I know?” Tommy moved his hand over to point at her, “And you didn’t want me to think, remember?”
“When did I—?”
“Why don’t you think of something?”
“What? You got us into this mess!”
“I was trying to save us both; what about you? You almost got caught, and you keep getting into trouble...”
“Oh, like you’re one to talk! Are you saying this is my fault?”
“Why are we even talking about this? My friend could be in danger for all we know!” Tommy shouted. His body trembled, and his voice shook up. 
Even Maggie took a step back from him. Seeing him with his head hung low and his fists clenched, she walked a little closer and slowly extended her hand out to him.
“Hey, are you ok?” She asked.
“Do I look ok to you? And why do you care now?” Tommy thundered. He rose and made Maggie jump back. 
Maggie feared she might have pushed him too far. He also had a good point, why were they arguing at a time like this? 
“But, I—”
“No, it’s not entirely your fault all of this is happening, it’s also because of your... weird dad!” He roared.
Tommy looked over and saw Maggie speechless. Her eyes widened, and her arms fell to the floor. He looked down at his hands and touched his lips.
Oh no, why did I say that? What was I thinking?
“No, wait, I didn’t mean—”
“What?”
It was Maggie’s turn to hang her head low. She bit her lip and marched over to where Tommy stood and pushed him to the ground. 
“What do you know about my dad? I didn’t get to know much about him myself!”
“Wait, are you saying he...?”
“Shut up!”
Before the situation they got in could get uglier, Tommy heard rustling noises coming from some bushes. He picked himself up as his attention focused on a shrub that moved slightly. 
“Who's there? Show yourself!” Tommy ordered.
“Uh, oh, got to go.” The unknown figure muttered.
The dark shadow disappeared from the bushes and ran off, with Tommy giving chase. The figure tried to hop over some rocks and duck under branches, but it tripped on a root and tumbled to the ground, along with dropping something red beside its body. It didn’t take long for Tommy to chase the crook and tackle him like a football player, as he looked at it face to face.
His eyes widened upon finding that the figure didn’t look human, even though it could move and talk like a human. It seemed to look more like a brown bear than a human being, or at least, a bear with human tendencies. 
Tommy took a glance from his shoulder and noticed the red item and went over to pick it up, without letting go of the animal-human hybrid and setting it free by accident.
“Hey, this is Maggie’s backpack!” He deduced, turning to look at the bear-like creature, and scowled.
“Oh, is that so?” The bear-human hybrid playfully asked.
“When did you have her bag? Why did you run away? And what are you?” Tommy asked while glaring.
“No, wait!” The bear begged and quivered. “Please don’t hurt me; I was just hungry; that’s all!”
“Tell me, was there anyone else you saw while you took the bag?”
“No, this bag was out on the open field so—”
“I don’t believe you. Why should I?”
“But didn’t you—?”
“Leave him alone!” Maggie ordered, catching up with them.
She stomped over and snatched her backpack from them. She opened the bag to find fewer berries than before, then closed it and approached the bear. 
“Can you tell us where you found this?” She asked calmly.
“Sure thing, I’ll try my best.” The bear nodded.
As the three headed off and followed the strange creature, Tommy stayed speechless. He expected Maggie to act a lot differently, mainly because a stray animal took her bag and could have messed with her other stuff, if possible.
Maggie looked over and could tell he was dying to say something, but rolled her eyes and scoffed instead. 
“You’re just as bad as those two scientists!”
“Wait, what did I—?” Tommy tried to defend himself.
“Is there something wrong?” The bear interrupted.
“No, it’s nothing; don’t worry about it.” Maggie waved it off nonchalantly.
“Oh, ok. Hey, this seems like an excellent opportunity to introduce ourselves. My name is Ruth. What’s yours?”
“My name is Maggie, and to my left is Dorkus.”
“Hi, dork.”
Tommy’s mouth gaped as he grew outraged. How could they joke about such things at a time like this? Instead of correcting the bear, he yelled at him. 
“Can you just take us there already?”
“Alright, alright!”
.-.-.-.
Ruth led Tommy and Maggie over to the place they hung out in before they swam in the water and got transported to some random cave. However, nobody showed up at the location. Only a gray laptop, a yellow backpack, and a blue backpack remained in the vicinity.
“So, is this the place?” Ruth asked, looking around.
“Yeah, it is!” Maggie replied, running close to the waters and examining it.
“Our stuff, oh no...” Tommy muttered as he examined the laptop and opened it up.
“Tommy, is that you?” Mandy’s voice echoed through the computer.
“Yeah, it is.”
“Did that box just talk?” Ruth jumped back and pointed at the device.
“Uh, huh.” Maggie nodded.
“Thank goodness nothing bad happened to you guys...” Mandy placed a hand on her chest and sighed in relief.
“Wait, do you know where Antonio went?” Tommy asked.
“You mean he’s not with you? Oh man, this is horrible!”
“What’s wrong?”
“Antonio dropped his stuff and got taken away!” Sam explained. “He went to search for you guys, but something grabbed and dragged him into the water!”
“All we saw was a hand coming out from the water...” Mandy added. “But we didn’t know what it was—”
“What? Oh no, not the Miletis!” Ruth gasped.
“The what?” Tommy asked, tilting his head.
“Miletis, strange beings from another world. Our tribes have been fighting with them for quite a while.”
“Tribe?”
“You need to save him before it’s too late! If you don’t, you might never see him again!”
“You’re asking me?" Ruth pointed at himself. "Well, I don’t... I mean, I do know where it is,”
“Then what’s the problem?”
“My pop told me there’s a big fortress held over there, but I’m too scared to approach and go inside... but I guess I can at least take you to where the location is.”
“Sounds good.”
.-.-.-.
After walking and pushing some bushes aside, the group stumbled across a light-brown fortress with stairs that led to a passageway with a dark entrance far away.
“There it is...” Ruth gulped.
“Alright, time to go get my friend back!” Tommy exclaimed as he was about to rush over to the stairs when Sam yelled for him to stop in his tracks.
“Tommy wait, I’ve analyzed that there are enemies inside. You’re better off going around the back.”
“Oh, alright, then.”
“And please be careful, you guys.”
“We will.”
“Wait, what about me?” Ruth asked.
“Didn’t you say that you were scared to go inside?” Maggie pointed out.
“Well, yeah but—”
She handed the bear her backpack. 
“Here, hold on to this for me until I return.”
“But isn’t this your—?”
“It’s heavy, so it might hold me back. Just make sure nothing bad happens to it, ok?”
“Alright.”
Tommy and Maggie went behind the wall, but found that there was no door or window to get inside. Maggie placed her hands over the block to search for a secret passage until the walls opened up, and the two headed inside.
Ruth watched Tommy and Maggie get in from the back of the fortress, as he wondered what to do while waiting.
Should I even be doing this? He thought to himself, staring at the red bag, They might get in trouble, but if I go there and end up making things worse for them, I—
The sounds of rustling from the trees made Ruth snap out of his thoughts. Stomping sounds connecting to the ground also occurred, making the ground shake a little. A large shadow covered him as he spun around to see the source.
.-.-.-.
Maggie and Tommy tiptoed around the insides of the fortress as they moved along the golden brown floors and placed their hands on the dark tan Stencil-like walls to avoid getting lost. Thanks to the torches, it was a lot easier to walk around instead of stumbling in the dark. So far, neither of them got caught, but they found no sign or trace of Antonio, even when peeking through the many corners and taking the different paths available to them. 
Eventually, the sounds of footsteps prompted Maggie and Tommy to snap around and find strange shadows peeking around the corner from a few blocks down. 
The two hid behind a wall to avoid detection as they listened in on them talking. As the voices got closer, one of them sounded familiar, so Tommy and Maggie peeked over and saw Antonio with his hands tied up and dragged by two people. 
Tommy and Maggie could get a better view of the other figures this time, and they looked almost human, but something about their movements and looks in their eyes seemed unnatural.
“Hey, could you tell us more about yourself, boy?” One human asked.
“Uh, sure?” Antonio replied with a bit of uncertainty. “But could you perhaps untie me first?”
“No way,” The second human replied, with an eye twitch. “You might run away from us, and we don’t want that now, do we?”
“Um, no, probably not?”
“Come on; we’re almost there...”
“Oh, are we now?” Antonio laughed nervously.
“Shoot,” Tommy whispered as he saw his friend get further away from them. “We have to save him! What do you think we should do, Maggie?” 
He glanced to ask for the girl’s opinion, but Maggie turned away in a humph, refusing to reply or even make eye contact with him.
“Hey, can you stop ignoring me?” 
Maggie waited until the time was right and then rushed after the crooks with a light shining in her pocket. 
“Hey, hold on!” Tommy cried out as he tried to keep up with her.
One of the humans turned to find footsteps coming toward Antonio. But before he could say anything, Maggie took out the crystal from her pocket and shined a light directly at the man’s face, which made him scream and fall to the ground.
This scream caught the attention of Antonio and the other crazy humans next to him.
“What was that?” The first one asked, exchanging glances.
“I don’t know!” The second exclaimed.
“Go check out where that came from!”
“Ok!”
Before he could do that, though, the man got whacked in the back of the head by a gray object and fell to the ground. The first one bit his thumb in rage.
“Dang, it must be those creatures again...” He muttered, biting his thumbnail.
“Um, I’m a little lost here. What creatures?” Antonio asked.
“The Orso Loobas!”
“The... what?”
“Come on; let’s hurry!” The man ran up the stairs, taking Antonio with him as he tried to get to where he needed to go. 
Another rock reached for the crazy man, but he noticed and moved out of the way. He glanced over to see who started the mayhem. The man saw Tommy and Maggie standing and glaring at him from the lower floors.
“Tommy! Maggie!” Antonio called out to them.
“More humans, huh?” The older man muttered with a grin.
“Let him go!” Tommy ordered, standing his ground.
“Afraid I cannot. We need this boy for something important. If you’d like, though, you can always—”
Maggie interrupted him by shining light squarely on his face with the crystal, causing the man to let go of Antonio and cover his face. She then threw a rock at him and knocked him to the ground.
“Nice shot!” Tommy complimented.
“Man, that guy is so annoying...” Maggie muttered, brushing herself off.
“Come on, let’s go, Antonio!” Tommy exclaimed as he ran over to untie his friend.
“But wait, what about that guy?” Antonio asked, shifting his eyes toward the man on the floor.
“What about him?” Tommy raised his eyebrows, not knowing where he went with this.
“I don’t think we should leave him like that...” Antonio said.
“Huh? What did they do to you? Why are you acting so weird?”
“Well, it’s hard to describe, but—”
“Guys, now is not the time for chatting!” Maggie interrupted them. “We need to get out of here now!”
As the three ran off, the men from before regained their composure and noticed that they were the only ones left in the room. Two of them took out their walkie-talkies from their pockets and ordered the rest of the group to go after the other humans and not to let them escape.
.-.-.-.
Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio slid down the stairs and ran across the different paths in the maze. More of those guys attempted to block their way, but the trio kicked them down as they tried to search for the exit. 
Maggie turned to use her crystal, hoping it would show the way out for them as it did before. But to her shock, the light on it seemed to get dimmer and weaker. How was this happening, especially now, of all times?
The three finally had reached a path where they came from, but then more of those crazies showed up to block the road and let the wall close behind them. Turning around, the three saw that more came in from the other side. Soon, Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio got surrounded as the one with a red-eye stepped in to confront the three.
“Give it up.” He warned them.
“W-what do you want from us?” Maggie asked, while trying to stay calm.
“We mean you guys no harm; we want to be acquaintances of yours. Won’t you guys stay and listen to what we have to say?”
Before the trio could answer, the walls from the sides crashed and crumbled apart. They looked over at the purple Thescelotitan from before, making a huge hole, along with Ruth, who rode on it.
“Um, hey, guys, was I late?” Ruth asked.
“Not at all!” Maggie declared, her face lighting up. 
“Perfect timing, even!” Tommy added.
“Aw man, you mean we got to get on the dinosaurs’ back again?” Antonio whined, knowing where this was going.
“Would you rather go on foot?” Maggie pointed out.
“Touché...” Antonio said in defeat.
“Come on; let’s hurry!” Ruth cried out.
Tommy and co. rushed to the dinosaur’s back as it dashed away from the fortress, as the place soon fell apart with the people inside evacuating and panicking. That was, except for one, who stood there as he watched the others get away with their dinosaur friend.
He grinned as his eyes twitched. “You’ll be back, oh, you will.

Episode 5

The dinosaur strolled through the forests with Ruth, Maggie, Tommy, and Antonio on its back as the sun set down.
“Phew, that was a close one...” Ruth sighed in disbelief. 
“Thanks for holding my bag for me, by the way,” Maggie said to the bear as she took the backpack from him. She reached inside to pull out a pink berry and gave it to the dinosaur. “Thanks for helping us too. We couldn’t have escaped without your help.”
“On the subject of thanking one another,” Antonio started, clearing his throat. “Thank you guys for saving me.”
“You’re welcome,” Tommy replied. “But what did you mean by what you said earlier?”
“Oh, about those guys back there? Well, I got captured during the time you left to go look for Maggie...”
“I know that already. Sam and Mandy told us that. What about the rest of it?”
“Ah, right. You see, when I woke up from getting trapped in the water, I came across those fellows.” Antonio explained. “Judging from their torn up outfits, I assumed they were either scientists or archaeologists. They’re probably advanced because I couldn’t recognize them that well.”
“Ok, and what else?” Tommy asked, waving him on with his hands.
“They kept rambling about how it had been so long since they’d seen another human like me. Their leader would’ve loved to meet me, as well as know about myself and my culture.”
“Are you serious?” Maggie asked, rolling her eyes. “That whole story just sounds ludicrous.”
“Yeah, I know,” Antonio replied. “But after hearing them out for a bit, well, I...”
“We should tell the chief of my tribe about this.” Ruth protested. “This will be helpful information for us, and in return, we can give you a place to stay for the night.”
“Sounds good.” Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio replied in unison.
Antonio’s eyes widened upon realizing something. “Oh no, my uncle! I completely forgot about him!” Antonio exclaimed, smacking his head. “Do they know that—?”
“No need to worry, I have your thing opened on your laptop,” Tommy pointed out as he took the device out and gave it to his friend. “Here you go.”
“Phew, thanks.” Antonio opened up the laptop and contacted the scientists again. “Sam, Mandy, it’s me, do you read?”
“Antonio, you’re alright!” Sam cheered upon seeing him.
“Yeah, but barely.”
“Don’t you worry us again; you hear me?”
“I know, and I’m sorry, uncle...”
“It’s ok.” Through the monitors, Antonio heard some crashing noises. He watched as Sam turned around in disbelief. “Mandy!”
“Sorry about that!” They heard her call out from a distance.
“Uh, what’s going on over there?” Antonio asked.
“Nothing, just doing some important stuff!” Sam replied quickly and waved it off.
“Oh, ok. Well, we’re going to find a shelter to stay in for the night. Talk to you soon.”
“Alright, please be careful and hang in there a little longer...”
“I will. Bye.” Antonio waved to the screen and closed the laptop.
“Ruth, is there any sign of your place?” Maggie asked.
“We should be almost there,” Ruth replied. He placed his paw on his forehead and leaned forward, making sure not to fall off the dinosaur. “Any minute now, I think.”
“Ok, super,” Maggie replied with a tired sigh.
.-.-.-.
As they got closer, Ruth advised getting off the dinosaur and letting it head back to its home before walking toward his village. The other three passengers agreed reluctantly.  
They jumped safely off the dinosaur and watched it leave with a heartfelt goodbye. Ruth pulled back on some nearby light green bushes to reveal his tribal village, filled with bear creatures that displayed human characteristics.
Maggie, Tommy, and Antonio watched in awe as the animals did everyday things such as bathing in barrels of water, crafting using tools like hay and clay, and distributing berries and jugs of water to others.
One of them noticed Ruth and rushed over to see and hug him.
“Ruth, is that you?”
“It sure is Papa.” Ruth chirped, hugging him back.
“Where have you been? We were just about to go look for you!”
“Well, I... I wanted to prove myself.” Ruth proudly responded.  
Ruth’s father’s brows furrowed in disbelief, not buying the story one bit. 
“Ok, I got lost while searching for my pack.” Ruth gave in and admitted.
“You couldn’t find us here, though?”
“No, sorry, but I got sidetracked.”
Ruth’s father sighed. “Well, as long as you understand, then I—” He paused upon noticing the humans that stood behind his son. “M-Miletis?” He exclaimed, jumping back and taking an offensive stance. “What are they doing here?!”
“Wait, I can explain. You see, I led them here...”
“So they are prisoners, then?”
“No,” Ruth explained to his father the events that had transpired between the four of them before coming here. His father lowered his guard and smiled at the group.
“Oh. So these guys are friends of yours?” 
“Yeah, I’ll introduce them to you. Uh, this is Maggot, Antwan, and right in the middle is Dorky.”
“Maggie, Antonio, and Tommy!” Tommy corrected him.
“You all have my gratitude.” Ruth’s father said with a bow.
“No worries.” Maggie brushed it off.
This conversation made Tommy remember something. “Hey, we heard from Ruth about the real Miletis, and he wanted to discuss some—”
“Shush, not so loud.” The father whispered. “Come with me; it’s not safe to talk about it here...”
.-.-.-.
Ruth and his father took the humans inside a ceremonial hut; a large throne surrounded itself by smaller seats on the floor. Tommy tried to get Maggie’s attention, but she continued to ignore him as she found a place across from him. He sighed and sat next to Antonio and Ruth in the middle of the chairs. Ruth’s dad walked over to the throne, retrieved a yellow crown from the side of the big chair, and placed it on his head.
“Alright, now, where were we?” He asked as he crossed his arms.
“Well, you were going to talk about those guys that kidnapped Antwan- I mean Antonio! Ugh!” Maggie placed her hand on her head and groaned.
“They came out of nowhere too...” Ruth’s father explained.
.-.-.-.
“While my father and his group were searching and hunting for berries, fish, and water, they happened upon something: A vortex that appeared out of nowhere. They hid in the bushes, observing the strange apparition, and wondering what to do next when the group witnessed some creatures that came out of the vortex. These animals seemed to explore with some external devices they brought with them; it was weird.
“After a short while, the newly arrived aliens found one of our secret caves and settled in for the night.  They used external equipment and other strange devices. However, whether or not the race knew, they were harming the environment around us. Animals grew sick, lake waters got murky, wet grounds dried up, and plant life slowly turned to ash. It showed no signs of stopping, so my father revealed himself to the creatures to try and warn them. Let’s say; it didn’t go well.
“After that, my people returned to this village, where my father told me the whole story. Peace had returned, and it looked like the place would go back to its peaceful state once again, but alas, that didn’t last long. None of us expected it, but the strange creatures attacked us. They seemed to have lost their minds, chasing after us and behaving like blood-thirsty demons!
‘Please stop, why are you doing this?’ My father tried to reason with them, but they would not listen. 
“When they saw me standing there petrified and afraid, I thought all was lost.  That was when my dad stepped up in front of me to block their vision. 
‘No, get away from him!’ He shouted.
“My people tried their best to fight them off while I, who had no fighting experience at the time, ran off to hide. Eventually, the battle had stopped, and the Miletis left. I peeked out of hiding, and some of the villagers lay motionless on the ground. 
“Soon, others came out of hiding to give medical attention to the injured. One of the wounded was my father, who bled from the chest and had a chewed-off ear. I went to the medical room where my dad lied on a hay blanket with a clay pillow to support his head. The village healers applied ointments to heal him. I sat beside him as we both stayed silent for a while.
‘Son?’ He asked quietly as he slowly opened his eyes to glance at where I was, breaking the silence.
‘Y-Yeah?’
‘When I go, if I go, will you take my place as the chief?’
‘What? Me? But how can I handle—?’ 
‘I’m sorry I failed you all. This is all my fault, and I’m not sure how to stop this. I hope you find a way to forgive me for everything.’ 
“I couldn’t believe my ears. Was he apologizing to me? I had no idea why.
‘How is it your fault? What are you talking about?’
“I never heard him repeat another word after that. I was devastated when his last breath left him. 
“I took the crown from his dying paws and placed it on my head. That was when I swore to protect the village. Just as my father had done all those years ago, and to avenge his death.”
.-.-.-.
“We’ve been fighting ever since. So that’s my story...” Ruth’s father finished.  
The retelling of his emotional story had noticeably drained him as he slumped in his seat and gave out a hefty sigh.
“No way, we’re sorry to hear that,” Tommy replied, lowering his head.
“It’s alright.”
“Those stupid jerks, I can’t believe it...” Maggie muttered under her breath, grinding her teeth.
“Wait a minute,” Antonio said. “Here’s what I don’t get. If that was the case, then why did those guys ask us earlier to join—?”
“They what?” The chief interrupted, standing up from his seat. “That’s absurd! Look, I know you might not see them as a real threat, but they’re delusional. It would be impossible to get them to snap out of it.”
“Uh, no offense, but do you know why they’re acting like that? I can’t imagine them behaving like that without some logical—”
“That I don’t know, I wasn’t there.” He raised his voice. “My father told me the whole story. I don’t think he’d lie to me or forget any crucial details...” He didn’t seem interested in hearing about the creature’s side of the story.
“You know what I think?” Maggie started. “I think family members are more trusting than those scientists. Wouldn’t you agree?”
“Yeah, I would.” The chief nodded in agreement. “It’s getting late. Why not stay here for the night and have a lovely banquet and some sleep?”
“Sure thing!” Maggie and Tommy replied. Antonio just nodded in response. He couldn’t shake the feeling that there was more to this story than he let on, but was too tired to argue.
.-.-.-.
At the dining hall, the Orso Loobas prepared a feast for their guests. On the table was a variety of foods ranging from berry salad to fruit soup, fish, other kinds of meat, with juices and cups of water set aside for drinking. Antonio took small bites of the mixture while Maggie gulped down the soup, and Tommy chewed on some pieces of meat.  
After dinner, they took some much-needed baths in barrels of warm water. Maggie brushed her hair with a skeleton fish comb she borrowed from some of the villagers. They were using them to detangle and remove bugs from their fur. Tommy finished his juice as he prepared for bed. Antonio quietly cleaned his glasses with the edges of his shirt.
Soon, it was time for bed, so the Orso Loobas escorted the three humans to a guest room prepared with piles of hay for sacks covered with cloth blankets. Each had a pillow made of silk crafted from spider webs.
“Man, this is uncomfortable,” Tommy complained as he lied down on the hay, feeling more agitated than tired.
“It’s not so bad once you find a sweet spot,” Maggie mentioned, already half asleep.
“Nah, I’ll just pop into my sleeping bag,” Tommy concluded as he took it out of his backpack, laid it on the hay, and climbed in.
“Whatever.” Maggie sleepily replied with a shrug.
In the middle of the night, Tommy still had a hard time sleeping. He glanced over at the others and wondered if Antonio was having a hard time sleeping as well on the uncomfortable hay.
“Hey, Antonio.” He whispered.
“Yeah?” Antonio murmured in response.
“Do you think we’ll make it out of here?”
“Of course I do; I have faith in them. Don’t you?”
“I don’t know; I want to, but..." Tommy sighed as he stared at the roof of the hut. "I wish I were back on the field trip, and I wonder if my aunt is worried about me, or if she even knows about—” 
“Don’t worry; we’ll make it out of here before that happens," Antonio reassured him. "The timelines are different, after all, right?”
“Yeah, I guess you’re right.”
Antonio’s eyes shifted down as he thought about his family as well.
Later that night, Maggie tossed and turned in her sleep. She jolted up out of bed with her eyes wide open in fear, trying to catch her breath. Looking around the room, Maggie sighed in relief.  
It was a dream. She thought, groaning and getting out of bed. 
Maggie crept toward the balcony to get some peace of mind and fresh air. Tommy opened his eyes and noticed her leaving the room. He got out of his sleeping bag and followed her outside, being careful not to wake Antonio in the process.
.-.-.-.
Tommy and Maggie stood out by the balcony in the night air by themselves. Before he asked why she was awake and outside, he glanced at the star-filled sky, finding himself distracted by their utter brilliance. The two could see the yellow stars dancing and falling through the air with a bright blue moon and smaller light green planets in the background. The night sky surrounded them with color-coded displays of light and movement just like they were back at the Planetarium, watching the show unfold once more.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” Maggie muttered under her breath. She noticed a shooting star and closed her eyes to pray and make a wish.
“Yeah, I’ve never seen them up close before. Well, not actual stars like these...” The silence continued to fill the air. He glanced over and, thinking she’s still ignoring him, sighed in defeat. “Look, I’m sorry for what I said before.”
“For what?” Maggie opened one eye and glanced at him.
“I hurt you and made fun of your father.” Tommy looked down as his grip on the railings tightened. “You were right about me being indecisive, even though I said I would improve—”
“Oh yeah? Well...” Maggie paused. She had both her eyes open now, staring hard at him, but she wasn’t sure what to say next. Maggie bowed her head and bit her lip. “I’m just as bad as you, though, probably worse.”
“Worse?” Tommy echoed in disbelief.
“Yeah, if I didn’t rub the crystal or, heck, hadn’t jumped into danger like that, none of this would have happened, and you wouldn’t have gotten stuck down here—”
“But I bothered you while you were working, even though you needed concentration—”
“But I broke—”
A loud cough came from inside the sleeping quarters, which stopped them both from speaking any further. They waited for the night air to fall silent again.
“We should stop yelling,” Maggie said.
“Yeah.” Tommy agreed.  
He thought it might be a good time to finally ask the question that had been on his mind for a while. They hadn’t had a quiet moment like this before, but didn’t want to ruin it. Still, his curiosity peaked, and learning more about your companions on the journey isn’t always a bad thing. Tommy just had to word it right, in a way that won’t upset her.
“Hey, is it alright if I asked you something? What’s your dad like?”
“Honestly, I don’t know,” Maggie said, to his surprise. “My father’s usually busy at work, and I had to take care of myself. At first, I hated him because he never got the chance to spend any time with me, but I realized it was beyond his control and that he needed to do work to make money. Without that, we’d probably have no food, water, electricity, or shelter to rest. Plus, he was doing what he loved, and I respected him for that.”
“Did it not work out?” Tommy inquired, curious as to know what happened next.
“Not as well as he thought, but I’ll show him it wasn’t all for naught.”
“Now I understand, I’m sorry I didn’t get it earlier, Maggie.”
“Well, you should be.” She replied playfully, lightly punching his arm and chuckling.
“Hey, you guys.” Antonio showed up at the balcony, teasing. “Just how long are you going to stay out here by yourselves?”
“What?” Tommy’s cheeks got hot and flustered with red all over his face. “S-Shut it, Antonio, it’s not like that!” He exclaimed. Maggie just rolled her eyes in response. “Let's just hurry back to bed...” Tommy murmured.
As the two left the balcony, Maggie stayed behind for a little longer and looked up to the sky. Now that she thought about it, she never told anyone about her life story before, even if it was only parts of it. Maybe it wouldn’t hurt to open up a little, especially if he was making an effort to make amends himself.
“I’m sorry too.” She whispered to the night air.
.-.-.-.
The next day, the Orso Loobas villagers gave the group some berries and water for their journey. One of the healer bears gave Maggie a first aid health kit along the way, in case of emergencies. The trio offered their thanks to the villagers; the king warned the humans to be careful as the Miletis could show up at any point to strike. They knew they had to be mindful of their surroundings.
Everyone said their goodbyes as Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio left the bear village. After a short time walking, they decided to take a small break and check in on Sam and Mandy through Antonio’s laptop.
“So, how is the portal coming along?” Antonio asked through the projector.
“It’s going fine,” Mandy replied. “I’d say we’re more than halfway done with building the portal!”
“That’s awesome!” Tommy cheered.
“Wait, what do we do while waiting, then?” Antonio questioned again.
“Oh right,” Maggie spoke up as she remembered something. “I still have this.” She pulled the crystal out of her backpack.
“Really? Where did you get that?” Antonio inquired, leaning closer to inspect the object.
“A cave, I think?”
“Maggie, you should know better; those are dangerous!” Sam warned her.
“They seem to contain an incredible amount of power!” Mandy added.
“You need to put that away or else!” Sam exclaimed.
“Or else what?” Maggie retorted.
Sam groaned in disbelief as he pulled his glass off to pinch the bridge of his nose. “Will you just—?”
“Why do you always have to—?”
“Uh, guys, I think my laptop is about to die...” Antonio interjected.
No sooner had Antonio announced the impending death of the laptop, a large black shadow overtook the group from above. Violent stomps shook the ground from beneath them.
“Oh no, guys, look out!” Sam and Mandy cried. “There’s a dinosaur right behind—”
.-.-.-.
The monitor went dark just as the imposing shadowy figure came into view. Sam and Mandy stood there motionless and speechless with their mouths gaping open in disbelief, wondering what just happened. Did they get the warning in time? Did they escape from whatever that shadow was? Sam tried his best to get the networks back online, but the system wouldn’t cooperate. 
Mandy covered her mouth and took a step back, trying to piece together what happened.
“NO!” Sam slammed his fists on the keyboard. “Not them too! What do we do now?”
“Maybe they’re on the run and can’t communicate with us at the moment?” Mandy guessed out loud once she calmed down. “I’m sure they’re still alive; we just need to find an alternate route and track them there!” She exclaimed, trying to stay positive.
“I…” Sam sighed, rubbing his temples. “I guess it’s worth a shot.”
“Yeah, right? We can’t give up on them now, can we?” She tried to encourage him and at the same time, convince herself that there was still a chance.
“No, we can’t, not now, not ever,” Sam murmured.
.-.-.-.
Antonio messed with the keyboard to try and get the laptop back on, but to the groups’ dismay, nothing was working. “Seems like the batteries have died.” He deduced.
“Aw, man...” Tommy grumbled under his breath.
Maggie turned around and noticed that a dinosaur drew near. It was the same purple Thescelotitan from before. “Oh, Ringo, how’s it going?” She called out, relieved. She went over to pet the dinosaur.
“Oh, it looks like the purple dinosaur is back,” Tommy said. “Wait, Ringo?” He did a double-take to the fact that she had given it a nickname.
“Hmm, I don’t think we should keep calling it dinosaur pal and whatnot, so why not name the dinosaur?” Maggie suggested blissfully. “Doesn’t Ringo sound like a good namesake to give?” Maggie asked. Being an avid fan of music, she considered the name to be fitting.
“Do you even know what its gender is?” Tommy questioned, tilting his head.
“Uh, no, but Ringo can be a name for either gender, so I think it's fine. What do you make of it?” She looked at the dinosaur, to which it nodded in agreement.
“Alright, I guess we’re sticking with Ringo.” Tommy shrugged.
“Alright, well, now what?” Antonio asked, glancing at the two from his computer. “We lost signal and don’t know where to find—”
“Who needs them?” Maggie scoffed as she continued to pet her new friend. “We can just get out of here ourselves!”
Antonio’s brows creased, pondering over that question. “We can? But how?”
“Simple. You see this crystal I got in my hand?”
“Yeah, what of it?” Tommy chimed in.
“Well, I think I’ve figured out how to use this properly. You see, this is not for a weapon, but it’s more like a tracking device, pointing us to somewhere. It just so happened that I used it too much and made it lose some energy. If I’m right, I will have to wait for the crystal to recharge, and we can use its power again.”
“Are you serious?” Antonio asked, as his eyes widened.
“Yes,” Maggie replied as she rubbed the surface of the crystal. 
The light shone brighter. Within a few seconds, the ray of light shot out of the crystal surface. It pointed toward another type of cave, higher up the terrain.
“Come on; let’s follow that trail!” Maggie exclaimed, pumping her fist in the air.
“You were saying?” Tommy glanced at Antonio with a sheepish smirk on his face. He loved not being in the wrong for once.
“Alright, you win this round, but I’m going to walk this time,” Antonio replied, pointing toward the dinosaur without looking.
Antonio continued to try to get his laptop back on while hiking, as Tommy and Maggie rode on the dinosaurs back toward the cave. They reached the wall-side of the cave and used Ringo as a lift to the entrance of the cave. Maggie petted the dinosaur on its head and told Ringo to stay and watch for possible intruders while they entered the cave to investigate and explore their newly found residence.





























Episode 6


Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio made it inside safe and sound. The three walked deeper into the cave and away from the opening’s sunlight. They soon realized how dark the inside of the cave was. There were small light sources scattered throughout the cave depths, but none that they could reach. Antonio figured he should get out his phone and access the flashlight, but to his shock, the phone seemed to be out of batteries.  
Tommy noticed some glowing mushrooms sticking out of the ground and tried to pile them into cloth to use as torches, but they gave off minimum illumination. They couldn’t risk using the crystal for light because it would draw too much attention to their presence.
They continued to press on, but Maggie stopped the two boys and motioned for them to stay silent. She told them she might have heard footsteps that didn’t belong to any of them. The three quickly hid behind a nearby wall and waited for the shadowy figures to pass. Once they were sure that the coast was clear, they tiptoed away in the opposite direction, with no intention of encountering whatever could be in the cave with them.
Eventually, the three of them reached a room where the crystal pointed toward the center of the ceiling. The area in the cave had bright glowing crystals dangling from the ceiling like luminous glow worms. The sand between their shoes softened with every step they took.
Tommy and Maggie walked cautiously, trying to avoid the drops of water on the softening sand as they also watched for falling crystals from the ceiling. Antonio, however, had his gaze fixated on the dazzling display of lights. He didn’t pay attention to where he walked and nearly tripped on some rocks in his path. Maggie scolded him to be more cautious with his surroundings, to which he merely nodded.
As the three reached a dead end in the road, they got confronted by a dark gray granite wall and were not sure what to do now.
Antonio noticed a yellow crystal lying on the ground nearby and went over to inspect it.
 “Whoa...” He said aloud, hypnotized by the brilliance of the stone.
Tommy glanced at Antonio walking toward the crystal. His eyes widened once he realized Antonio intended to pick it up. 
“Wait, don’t do it!” He shouted but was too late.  
As Antonio moved his fingers closer to the crystal, and it gave out a little spark that sent a shock wave through his arm. 
“OW!” Antonio cried as he backed away from the yellow crystal. “What the heck?”
“Are you alright?” Tommy asked as he ran over to check on him.
“Yeah, I am, but why did it do that?” Antonio wondered while rubbing his wrists and hands.
“Well...”
“Hey, do you guys know why the crystal led us here?” Maggie asked. “It doesn’t seem like it’s shining light anymore...” She gently shook the crystal in her hands, but it wouldn’t respond.
Just then, the ground beneath her feet changed color. She bent down and went to touch it. Colorful, wet dirt covered her hands as it went under her fingernails. 
Another light appeared under the soft ground; the three explorers hurriedly kneeled on the ground and dug up the sand, trying to expose the light source. They reached an object in a spherical form that projected many colors from the white light, similar to a prism.
“Whoa, what is that?” Tommy asked. “Could that be what the crystal was leaning towards?”
“No way! Is this a precious gem?” Maggie muttered to herself as she picked up the object and stared at it.
“Wait, you know what it is?” Antonio questioned, not taking his eyes off it either. There is more to this that Maggie isn’t telling us. “How do you know—?”
“Hold it right there.” A gruff male voice called out from behind them.
The voice made Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio snap around, finding the guys from the previous cave incident staring back at them.
“You guys again?” Maggie asked, holding the gem behind her back.
“Why hello again, you meddling kids.” One of the Miletis greeted with a wicked grin.
“What do you want? And what are you doing here?” Maggie challenged them.
“This is one of our digging sites for collecting crystals. I never thought I’d see you three here, though. So why are you here?” The larger Mileti said.
“None of your business!” Tommy yelled, trying to sound more menacing towards the group.
“Ah, but we need to know what you have behind your back. Is that a gem?” The second Mileti inquired, pointing out that Maggie hid her arms.
“I... don’t know what you’re talking about.” Maggie lied. “And why should we?”
“That magical thing might be what our research needs. You should come with us, or at the very least, hand it over quietly...” The first Mileti warned her.
“Like we’d listen to you!” Tommy retorted.
“Yeah, we heard the whole story,” Maggie added. 
“Do you think we’d help you with everything that you’ve done?”
“Oh, so you thought those creatures told you everything, huh?” The Mileti said in a bitter tone. “Well, basically, they are the ones in the wrong!”
“Huh?” Antonio’s mouth gaped. Did I hear that right?
“Those Orso Loobas started the fight; they attacked us and took away the supplies we needed for our research and safety. We had to survive on our own dangerous accord...”
“So that’s why the bears attacked from before...” Antonio muttered, lowering his head.
“That is why you should join us,” The third Mileti said, as if reading Antonio’s mind. “We can work together to defeat them and find a way out of this mess!” 
Tommy scratched his head. “Well, we’re still not sure about—”
“Oh no, it’s not here anymore!” Maggie cried out, frantically scanning the surrounding area. “I can’t find it; I could have sworn I held on to it...” Maggie stared at her empty hands, no longer having the crystal in her hands.
A roar erupted and echoed through the cave. “What was that?!” Tommy exclaimed as he pressed his ears together in protest.
“I think it came from outside!” Maggie exclaimed.
The trio ran toward the opening of the cave, momentarily forgetting about the intruders. The Miletis watched in disbelief at their escape.  
So close. The leader of the group thought as he clenched his fists.
.-.-.-.
Maggie, Tommy, and Antonio made it out of the cave and stopped near the edge of the overhanging cliff. Miletis stormed around the lower grounds in their view. They held more crystals in their hands as they tried to fight off Ringo, as it tried valiantly to defend his position. One humanoid threw a red shard out on the ground, making a small spark of fire pop up near the dinosaur’s feet. Ringo instinctively jumped back from the flame.
“Ringo, no!” Maggie screamed. She climbed down on the ledge and slid down on the cliff sides toward the dinosaur. “Hey, get away from him, you—” 
“Maggie, wait! That’s too dangerous!” Tommy yelled out, but she didn’t listen to reason.
She made it to the bottom of the ledge and stood in between the Miletis and Ringo.
“How could you do something like hurting wildlife?” Maggie asked, forcefully poking at one of the guy's chests.
“Huh? But why do you want us to leave it be? It attacked us first.” The Mileti responded with surprise at her bravery.
“I don’t want to hear excuses, you probably scared Ringo, and besides, it’s a sweet dinosaur!”
Is it? And it has a name? The Mileti lowered his arms in disbelief.
“You should be ashamed of yourself! You’re just as bad as—”
“Hey, Maggie, look up in the sky!” Antonio interrupted, pointing upwards.
She stopped her rebuking and looked upwards; a white gem floated beneath the clouds. Everyone looked in the same direction and noticed it as well. 
“Hey, that’s the thing from before!” 
“After it!” One of the Miletis called out.
“Not if we get it back first!” Tommy exclaimed right back. 
He and Antonio slid down the cliff side, and onto Ringo’s back, while Maggie rushed over to climb onboard. Before the three could ride off, another growling noise caught them off guard, a far nastier sounding one echoing through the surrounding valley.
Before they could even ask each other about that sound, Ringo grew into a mad panic over it. He reared back on his hind legs and knocked Tommy and Antonio off his back, running off in the opposite direction. 
Maggie stood there with her arm thrown in the air as Ringo disappeared through the trees. Antonio and Tommy got up and dusted themselves off when they noticed the nearby trees shaking from the forceful impacts on the ground. Even the Miletis panicked and ran for the nearby hills.  
Several trees fell to the ground in front of them, as a giant two-headed yellow dinosaur with orange eyes appeared in the clearing. Tommy and Antonio quietly asked Maggie if she knew what type of dinosaur that was, to which she replied it was a Dilophotitan. Before either of them could ask what that meant, she yelled: “Run!”
They all ran as fast as they could, but the yellow dinosaur followed close behind them. Their chests tightened as their hearts raced at an alarming rate. Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio stumbled through the thick forest until they reached a ledge with a significant drop below and a riverbed they could barely see near the bottom.  
About to pass out from exhaustion, the group questioned how they could get to the other side of the ravine safely away from the dinosaur. Tommy pointed at a red-violet bridge attached by a sturdy rope. They had to keep moving a few more yards so they could traverse the wide gap. The group carefully walked across the rope bridge, one at a time. 
None of them knew how much weight the old rope bridge would hold, so they figured it’d be best to keep a little distance between them. Antonio looked down as an uneasy feeling hit him in the gut as he tried to keep his balance. His eyes widened in alarm as his legs loosen.
“Calm down; we’ll be there in no time...” Tommy reassured him, placing a hand on his shoulder. 
Antonio still wasn’t so sure. He looked back over his shoulder toward Tommy and noticed the dinosaur’s two heads in the background. They turned to face each other and made a set of mischievous grins. One of them leaned down and munched on the left side rope. It snapped with a loud, audible crack.  
The bridge swayed beneath their feet, shaking, and fell on its side. Tommy, Antonio, and Maggie frantically grabbed hold of the other rope as hung in midair. The three instinctively moved hand over hand across the line toward the other side of the ravine. Antonio glanced back toward the dinosaurs just as the other head chewed on the other rope, sending the bridge and the group falling toward the cliff side.  
As the rope bridge came to rest on the cliffside with a loud smack, they could see the ledge edge above them just out of reach.
“Oh, man, this sucks!” Antonio exclaimed. He clutched the ropes as his stomach turned.
“If only we can get to the top...” Maggie struggled to say and hold on at the same time.
“But how? They're no resting places for our hands, nor are there any way to climb!” Tommy cried.
“Well... um...” Maggie tried to think of a solution, but kept panicking.
“I… I can’t hold on any longer! “Tommy let out a cry as he lost his grip and fell.
Antonio tried to grab hold of his shirt sleeve but lost his grip on the bridge rope in doing so, and fell alongside him. 
Maggie tried to reposition herself on the bridge boards and lost her footing. She fell right behind the other two boys just as they plunged into the riverbed below.
.-.-.-.
The Windy Channel river was more profound than they had imagined, and the three survived the impact. However, the current whisked Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio away as the three struggled to keep afloat.
 The current took them into a large dark cavern covered in mist. Once inside the caverns, Tommy noticed some small ledges they could climb onto and reached safety. He could see the light at the end of the tunnel showcasing the water going downwards. He felt a large lump in his throat. Oh no, not a waterfall! 
He motioned to Antonio to come toward the ledges They moved over to the ridges and pulled themselves up out of the water. Maggie had a hard time reaching the land and swam against the current. She could hear the boys yelling at her to swim harder, but her arms were about to give out. The sounds of the upcoming waterfall became deafening.  
There’s no way I’ll survive this! I’m going to die!
Tommy and Antonio linked their arms to reach out and grab her by the hand. Maggie mustered up the last of her energy and reached toward the outstretched arms.  
They pulled her out of the waters just before the drop. The three laid on their backs on the hard cavern floor, panting from their most recent escape of death.
“Thanks for the save.” Maggie sighed, trying to catch her breath.
“No problem.” Tommy and Antonio said in unison.
“Ugh, are we seriously in another cave?” Maggie complained as she rubbed her eyes and got up. “I can’t even see much because of all this fog.”
“That sign over there says Misty Cavern. That would explain it.” Antonio mentioned. “Besides, would you rather be over there by that waterfall? The Crimson Rapids, it says.”
“What? Waterfall?” Maggie questioned.
  Her heart dropped as she turned to find the waterfall near the exit.
“I think that was where we were all going to end up had we not gone off to the ground...” Antonio pointed out.
“Uh... point taken,” Maggie murmured, lowering her head. She closed her eyes to try to calm down and let what’s overtaken her disappear.
“My point exactly.” Antonio continued.
“Yea, but we shouldn’t stay here...” Tommy said, twiddling his fingers.
“Agreed, let’s find a way back before nightfall,” Antonio replied, scratching his head.
“I hope we get out of here before night, Tommy whined.
“Did you hear something?” Maggie inquired, sitting upright, having forgotten all about her nausea.
“No, why do you ask?” Antonio questioned. 
“I thought I heard screeching sounds...” 
“I hear it now!” Tommy exclaimed.
Tommy, Antonio, and Maggie all looked up toward the source of the sound, and some bats hung from the ceiling. No sooner did Tommy motion his hand upwards, did the bats spread their wings, and take flight, circling all around the cave. The three covered their heads, ran out of the cave, and stumbled into another part of the land.
.-.-.-.
Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio got back on their feet as the bats flew off toward the sky. They breathed a sigh of relief, as they appeared to be safe, for now. 
“Aw, man, I wasn’t able to record any of that!” Maggie complained, looking at the video camera in her bag.
“Hey, we could have gotten killed, you know!” Tommy brought up.
“Hey, where are we?” Antonio asked. He adjusted his glasses and inspected the surrounding area.
“A different part of the world, I presume?” Maggie guessed with a shrug.
“Whatever the case, we should be cautious...” Tommy told them.
The place they were in now was dark and hard to see around. Only a small amount of light shone down from the newly risen moon. Nightfall had already come, and quickly at that. 
Ponds filled with murky green water with red eyes, shadows made noises in every corner, rocks covered in wisteria moss, and the ground dry was like salt crackers.
As they tiptoed around slowly, Tommy pulled his phone from his pocket. He tried to turn it on to open the flashlight, but it wouldn’t operate.
“Dang it; why won’t you work?” Tommy yelled at the phone. “Are you serious? My phone died? Did it run out of batteries or something? What the—?”
The hot winds blew around them, cutting off Tommy’s rant.
“Ooh, I feel sick...” Antonio covered his mouth and clutched at his stomach as it continued to churn. The nausea was getting to him slowly but surely.
“We better find some shelter soon, or else we might be in trouble...” Maggie mentioned with a weak cough.
“But how can we do that when we can barely see anything? We have no light source!” Tommy pointed out.
“Well, there’s always this crystal I still have...” Maggie brought up.
“Didn’t we already establish what it can do, though?” Tommy reminded her.
“Well, maybe it can get us a shelter. I don’t know; it’s better than no light source, right?” Maggie countered.
“Yeah, I guess so...”
Maggie rubbed the peach shard until it shone a light. This time, it reflected off of something and created a light surrounding the corners of her eyes. As the dark parted with the new light source, something big appeared in front of them: A massive black dinosaur that resembled a dragon covered in armor. Its eyes seemed blinded by the light, and it made a nasty roar in protest.
“W-What is that?” Antonio asked, his body trembling.
“I... I don’t know!” Maggie exclaimed. “But, let’s get out of here!”
By the time the dinosaur could finally adjust its vision to the light and open its purple eyes again, the three humans ran far and away from them. The dinosaur roared in anger as it turned to give chase.
“He’s getting closer!” Antonio cried out.
“We need to hide somewhere quick!” Tommy exclaimed.
“But where?” Maggie shouted from behind him.
“I don’t know!” Tommy thundered. I can’t think of everything.
“We got to think up something soon, guys!” She could feel the dragon dinosaur’s footsteps get closer to them.
“Wait, what about over there?” Tommy pointed toward a tree with a hole in the middle. “I don’t think the dinosaur can reach us if we go in there!”
“It’s worth a shot!” Maggie replied.
“But we only got one chance!” Antonio shouted.
.-.-.-.
The hard blast of hot air from the dinosaur’s breath hit their backs as they jumped into the hole of the tree. The group backed themselves up in the corners of the tree as far back from the entrance as possible. 
The dinosaur’s enormous feet plopped onto the ground as the tree shook violently. It leaned down and stared at them with its glowing, violet eyes. It gave them a menacing evil grin, showing off its bright white razor-sharp teeth, before turning around and stomping off. Tommy, Antonio, and Maggie cowered in the tree afterward.
“It’s leaving?” Maggie stuttered, wrapping herself up with her arms. “That’s odd, and why would it do that instead of—?”
“Maybe it was toying with us or got bored or something?” Antonio guessed, afraid to peek out for himself. “But whatever the case, we should wait for it to leave, and then sneak out as fast as possible...”
Tommy just sighed and slumped down on the wooden walls. “Great, could this day get any better?” He mumbled. In the distance, thunder clapped loudly, as if in response to what he just said. Jade green rain fell from the sky and hit the ground outside their tree. “Come on, that was sarcasm! He screamed toward the sky. “Oh, forget it...” He muttered as he realized how futile that response was.
“Guess we’re staying here for the night...” Antonio concluded.
“Man, that sucks...” Maggie said, bitterly pounding her fist on the bark.
“Well, it’s not so bad. It might be a good opportunity to give this a try.” Antonio took out his backpack and pulled out a yellow crystal.
Upon seeing this, Maggie gasped and pointed. “You stole one?”
“What? It’s not like you’re one to talk! He rebuked. “Who knows, maybe I can get the computer to work again...”
“Do you know what they do?” Tommy asked, tilting his head.
“Well, I know yellow is electricity,” Antonio answered, trying to sound as smart as possible.
“Are you serious?” Maggie asked bitterly.
Antonio grabbed his laptop and set it on the floor next to the yellow shard. “Now, let’s see here...”
“Hey, when you finish with that, could I borrow it?”
“The crystal or—?”
“Yes, I need to charge up my video camera.”
“I see. Well, I guess it depends on whether I can get this thing to work. Why isn’t anyone responding?”
“Your uncle and that other lady might be asleep by now, and that’s why they’re not answering?”  
“So are you saying I should wait until morning...?”
“It’s not like they’ll be any help regardless...” Maggie muttered.
Antonio considered this when they both heard someone sobbing. They turned around as Tommy sat down and cried quietly to himself. Antonio and Maggie glanced at each other and frowned.
“Tommy? Hey, don’t worry,” Antonio tried to reassure him, “Once we get back in touch with my uncle, we all can find a quick way to get back to Aylont—”
“I don’t care about the field trip anymore.” Tommy interrupted, sounding broken. “I want to go home! I miss my aunt and might never see her again!” 
Tears streamed down his face as he struggled to speak. Besides Antonio, she was the only one that was there for him. His insecurities and impatience got the better of him sometimes, preventing him from doing things he loves or making many friends. He never knew how much his aunt was there for him, with her comfort and love, until he had it all taken away from him in an instant. 
“Dakota might not even know what happened to me! I want to go back! I want to tell her I’m sorry for everything!” He buried his head under his arms and continued crying.
Neither Maggie nor Antonio knew what to say. They both walked over and sat down beside him in silence, understanding the pain he felt. They fell asleep shortly after.
.-.-.-.
Meanwhile, Dakota rested in her home, sitting on the couch and drinking some Sherry Stardust flavored tea. She glanced at the clock on the wall. After taking another sip, Dakota looked down at the bottom of her cup and sighed.
“What could Tommy be doing right now? Hope he’s not getting himself into a lot of trouble.” She laughed sadly to herself. “I mean, kids nowadays usually—”
A ring from her phone interrupted her thoughts. She put her drink aside on the coffee table and got up to answer the phone.
“Hello? Yes, this is Tommy’s aunt; why do you ask? Is there something wrong?” She asked.
 Dakota listened to the words uttered from the other line, and her eyes widened with alarm. She dropped the phone, quickly put on her dark brown coat, and raced out the door.


Episode 7


Sam and Mandy slept soundly in their laboratory hideout, still reluctant to give up looking for the others, but exhaustion finally overcame them. Sam slowly opened his eyes and blinked twice to clear his vision and sleepiness. He rose from the workbench with a groan, looked over, and saw Mandy resting on the bench across the room.
 He walked up to her and nudged her to wake up. When she finally came to, Mandy quickly scanned the room in search of the clock. 
Had I fallen asleep?
“Hey, what were we doing?” Mandy asked as she strained to get up from the bench.
“Our brains and bodies couldn’t handle the lack of sleep anymore... so we went out for a while, I suppose,” Sam replied with a yawn.
“Wait, do you know how long we’ve been out for?”
“I don’t know, but we have a lot of catching up to do.” Sam stretched his back and arms.
“Right!” Mandy darted to the computer maintenance console. She looked up at the big screen, and immediately, something caught her eye. “No way!” She exclaimed as her eyes widened. Samuel, you gotta see this!”
“I’m a little busy, though...” Sam mentioned, trying to reboot the laptop console.
“But it’s Antonio! He and his friends are alive and well!”
“What?!” Sam rushed over and looked at the screen. 
They both saw Antonio, Maggie, and Tommy cuddled up together as the sun peaked out over the horizon in the background. The ground looked soft, like it had rained the night before. It was now daytime, as sunlight creaked through.
“Isn’t that amazing?”
“It’s unbelievable!” Sam cried tears of joy. “How did they manage to—?”
“Who cares? They’re ok, and that’s all that matters!”
“Well, I’m still concerned about— wait, could you zoom in over there?” He asked, pointing at a small yellow area next to Antonio.
“What are you…?” Mandy zoomed in and analyzed the yellow object. They both gasped at the resolution.
“I knew it! It’s a crystal.” Sam deduced.
“He probably needed them to charge his batteries, so cut him some slack,” Mandy replied.
“And they seem rather tired.” He agreed. “Let’s wait until later to speak with them about that.” 
“So, can we go back to sleep?” Mandy knew the answer but felt the need to ask, anyway. Even though they barely got any sleep, they still had lots to do.
“Unfortunately, no. We still need to get them out of that place.” Sam said as he walked back to the control panel.
“Aw, man. I want to help, but I’m so tired.” Mandy complained, slumping against her seat.
“Well, you can rest, but I’ll keep on going,” Sam replied, not taking his eyes off the screen.
“Wait, you shouldn’t push yourself so hard. It isn’t good for you.” 
“I won’t, don’t worry; we’ll just take shifts so that one doesn’t get more tired than the other; ok?”
“Sounds like a plan.” Mandy glanced at him with a smile. She didn’t know how much more of this they could take.
And so, the two scientists took turns staying awake to try and make more progress while the other got some sleep.  
Before long, it was Mandy’s turn to work and give Samuel a chance to rest for a while. He wished his cousin the best of luck as he went to lie down on the bench.
Mandy went over to the computer area when something on the monitor screen caught her eye: A white object flying outside of the tree where the trio slept.  
She tried to zoom in closer to analyze the object more closely. Mandy took a glance at Sam, who fell into a deep slumber. Not wanting to wake him up so soon, Mandy put on the headphones and communicated quietly to try and wake Antonio and the others.
.-.-.-.
The static from his computer caused Antonio to jolt up, wide awake, while Tommy and Maggie didn’t move an inch. He moved closer to his device as the vision became more apparent.
“Antonio, wake up; can you hear me?” Mandy called him from the other side.
“Mandy, is that you?” He asked, rubbing his eyes and crawling closer to the device.
“Yeah, it is.”
“No way, it worked! I got it working again!” Antonio cheered, but made sure not to wake the others up from their slumber.
“This isn’t the time to talk about that.”
“It’s not?”
“Look up at the sky out there.”
Antonio turned around and took a peek at the sky; he saw the flying white object in the distance. Upon seeing it, a shock wave ran through him. 
He quickly went over to wake up Tommy and Maggie and inform them about the jewel from the other day.
The two shot up, wide awake. After yawning, the duo got up, looked out of the tree, and searched the sky for what Antonio brought up. It almost seemed fruitless, but Maggie spotted it from the corner of her eyes as the trio stared at where it might head towards.
Mandy’s eyes widened, amazed that they already knew about this object and had encountered it beforehand.
Tommy grew more concerned about dinosaurs, possibly waiting to ambush them as soon as she leaned out of the cave. He looked around to see if any dinosaurs were nearby. 
“It seems like the coast is clear...” He said,
“Hey, should we even bother following that?” Antonio whispered to Mandy.
“Yea, I think it would be the best option that you do just that,” Mandy replied with confidence.
.-.-.-.
As the three walked out of the tree, they cautiously stepped on the now wet and yucky terrain. Thanks to some clouds getting in the way, the sun coming off the heat rays didn’t come off nearly as bright and hot as before. The group had to be careful not to step in green puddles or trip on rocks in their way. Not much else stood out regarding scenery, other than the gem in the sky; everyone tried to track it down.
“How are we supposed to get that gem…?” Tommy pondered, finally breaking the silence.
“Perhaps it’ll show you a path or make one for you?” Mandy guessed.
“Forget that.” Maggie scoffed, blocking her face from the sun's rays. “How will we know when it stops moving?”
“I’m not sure?” Mandy shrugged.
“Look, there it goes!” Antonio exclaimed, pointing at the gem.
The jewel moved faster than they expected, and the three gave chase. Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio stopped when they found themselves at a dead end with only the front of a mountainside before them. The gem went over it, disappearing from their sights altogether.
“Seriously? How are we going to get over this?” Maggie complained as she kicked a nearby rock.
“Well, you can always climb and get a better view from there?” Tommy joked. “Ok, I know that’s not a splendid idea, but—”
“Wow, she took the challenge,” Antonio said, stunned.
Tommy looked over at Maggie, climbing up on the mountainside. “Maggie, wait, I wasn't serious there! I was jok—”
“I know, but I still want to try it. There’s no way I want to lose sight of that gem again!”
“Be careful!”
Whoa, how is she doing that? The walls look sharp. Antonio thought, adjusting his glasses and watching her technique closely.
Maggie slowly inched her way up, being careful not to lose her footing or look down. Her body twitched and sweat as her grip tightened around the flat edges of specific as the sharp, rough pain scratched the surface of her hands.
Eventually, she made it to the top of the mountain and laid down to rest for a moment. Maggie got up shortly after and waved to the boys, who watched her from down below, and they waved back happily. 
Her face quickly turned to shock as she noticed more dinosaurs sneaking up from behind Tommy and Antonio.
“Guys, look out behind you!” She cried out. “Ceratocheloraptors are closing in on you both!”
Tommy and Antonio turned to notice green raptors with piercing red eyes charging right towards them. The two of them instinctively dove out of the raptors’ way, and the creatures ended up crashing headfirst into a mountainside face. They quickly got back on their feet. Noticing Antonio and Tommy heading towards a tree for safety, they continued to pursue the two.
Tommy and Antonio hurried to climb the nearest tree before the Raptors could catch them. The dinosaurs waited impatiently at the base of the tree, expecting the two boys to fall off. 
As Tommy and Antonio hung on for dear life, their backpacks fell to the ground below them with a loud plop. The Raptors stopped pacing and moved over to inspect the newly arrived bags. They pushed at the bags with their noses, trying to see whatever could be inside that they could eat.
“Oh, come on, are you serious?” Antonio complained.
“Hey, don’t mess with our stuff!” Tommy ordered. The Raptors ignored him.
“W-What do we do now?” Antonio questioned, desperately hanging on for dear life.
“I don’t know; we didn’t think this through...”
“How can we think when we’re in the middle of a crisis?”
A rock from a distance charged toward the Raptors, and they ducked to avoid the collision. 
Antonio, Tommy, and the Ceratocheloraptors all looked toward the source of the tossing. 
“Oops, I missed,” Maggie muttered while still standing on the top of the mountainside.
The Raptors now drew their attention over to her and crept toward the mountainside again. Maggie tried to back away from the edge, but slipped and fell on her butt. Her heart pounded out of her chest, as she knew she didn’t think this through. 
Frantically trying to think of what to do next, Maggie picked up more small pebbles and inched to the edge of the cliff again. She looked down to see the Raptors slowly climbing up on the mountainside toward her. She tossed more rocks at the Raptors, but they did little with slowing them down. Maggie got stuck in a dangerous situation, not sure what to do now. She looked around for more massive rocks when a loud noise came over the valley.
It sounded like a battle cry or someone trying to mimic an animal roar. She wasn’t sure. Regardless, the Raptors grew agitated by the sound, reluctantly climbing back down the mountainside and high-tailing it out of there.
“What was that noise?” Antonio asked.
“Beats me,” Tommy replied. “But whatever it was, seemed to be too much for those dinosaurs...”
The two climbed back down the tree and landed safely on the ground. Tommy and Antonio went over to check on both of their bags that rested next to them.
Fortunately, it seemed their food, electronics, and other supplies were still intact. However, the two noticed that the food supply got low and made a mental note that they must get more resources soon.
“Hey, are you guys alright?” Maggie asked from afar.
“Yeah, we are,” Tommy replied with a wave. “How about you? You ok?”
Maggie nodded in response. She went over to the edge and slid down the slope until she got to the ground. Tommy ran over to pick Maggie up from the fall when he noticed her hands were bleeding.
“Oh no, your hands!” Tommy exclaimed exasperatedly.
Maggie got up and noticed the bloody hands, but rolled her eyes. “Eh, I’ve been through worse...”
“It doesn’t matter. Stop trying to hide your pain and let us help you out!” He turned to Antonio. “Do you still have the health kit?”
“Sure, do.” Antonio pulled out the package from his backpack and took out the bandages and disinfecting spray.
The two boys worked together to patch up her hands by wrapping them in bandages, all the while Maggie tried not to wince at the pain. While doing so, the three kept hearing strange noises that didn’t sound like any dinosaur they had already encountered. 
They figured that once they got things done, the three of them would continue to try and search for the white gem while staying away from the source of the unfamiliar noise.
“Hey, Maggie, did you see the gem from up there?” Antonio asked, looking around the area.
“Sure did, it was over there,” Maggie replied, pointing in a direction.
“Is it still high in the sky? Because I don’t see it anywhere...” Antonio shielded his eyes from the sun to see better.
“I saw it hover down not too long ago. Maybe you’re not looking carefully?”
“Or maybe it turned invisible?” Tommy suggested.
“Wait, I can still sense it...” Mandy spoke up from the laptop. “Keep going that way and you’ll get to it soon.”
“How so? Can the laptop also be a tracking device?” Maggie inquired, crossing her arms.
“Well, yeah, almost like a radar of some sort.”
“Are you telling me you could’ve told us this sooner?”
“Sorry, it just occurred to me,” Mandy replied, looking away.
.-.-.-.
As the group walked along the mountain path, Antonio had a hunch they got closer by the minute. After all, he was to lead the others to the destination with the laptop in his hands. He felt it was his responsibility. Just then, a force hit him in the head and knocked him back a bit.
“Are you alright?” Tommy asked, rushing over to his friend in concern. “What happened?”
“I hit something? I don’t know what it is...” Antonio replied, adjusting his glasses and rubbing his forehead.
What hit him, though? Tommy moved his hand over the space in front of Antonio and felt some invisible force that prevented him from going any further. 
“Whoa, you’re right.”
“That gem must be inside the force field,” Mandy proposed, snapping her fingers and forgetting about keeping quiet. “It would explain why you didn’t see the jewel earlier...”
“But how do we get over there?” Antonio inquired.
Before Mandy could answer, the force field turned visible for the four of them to see, as its surface area slowly evaporated and disappeared from their sight. Weird, it was almost like someone, or something, expected them to show up.
“Well, that explains it, but why did it disappear like that?” Maggie asked, tilting her head.
“I got a bad feeling about this.” Mandy’s eyes drooped as they darted the room. “You guys should hurry and get the gem, then hightail it out of there!”
“Well, you heard her boys; let’s go get the gem back!” Maggie grinned and marched ahead.
Tommy, Antonio, and Maggie walked past the barriers and came to some ruins. Stone pillars grew out of each side of the path, some smaller than others due to missing broken chunks. Some rocks and tiles on the ground looked to have some pattern, but they seemed hard to transcribe. At the center of the ruins was a pedestal surrounded by pillars on all sides.  
A giant tree sat on top of the big central tower of the rubble. Floors went up through it before finally reaching the top of the tree.    
What could be inside it? The group thought.
The three didn’t have time to marvel at the new surroundings for long, though, as they quickly found out the gem moving straight toward the front entrance of the ruined tower. They looked at each other and nodded before proceeding with caution.
.-.-.-.
As the group headed inside, they noticed the many rooms around them, some of them reflected off an odd shade of light. They kept hearing weird banter coming from one of the other chambers. 
Maggie, Antonio, and Tommy tiptoed over to the next room on the first floor and peeked their heads out around the corner. There, a female with burgundy hair tied in a ponytail, sat before a strange device with brightly colored marbles functioning as buttons, with empty holes as the setup.
Whoa, that girl’s got Earth tones that could easily blend in with a tree trunk. Maggie thought to herself. 
The burgundy-haired girl looked up, and Maggie softly gasped.  
Did she hear me just now? 
The girl instead focused her attention on the white gem floating right beside her.
“Ah, hello there.” She greeted the object. “It has been a while, hasn’t it? Happy to see you again...” 
She took the hovering gem and placed it in one of the holes on the strange contraption. As she pressed the colorful, jewel-like button, a magic portal appeared right in front of her.
Neither Tommy, Maggie, nor Antonio could believe what they saw. They were so shocked that they accidentally let out a unified gasp. All three instinctively covered their mouths and turned back away from the doorway to avoid being spotted. However, the girl knew she had heard the sound pretty clearly.
“Hey, who's there?” She asked. She gently scratched her chin, wondering what to say to give away their hiding position. “Are you the ones who brought this gem here?”
“Um, no,” Tommy replied, “It came on its accord—” Maggie stopped him from finishing the sentence by smacking him across the head. “Ow! What was that for?”
“Why are you giving up our position?” Maggie snapped.
“But I thought—”
“Don’t bother; I already know you’re there.” The female interrupted, “So come on out. Unless you don’t care enough about the gem—”
“Hey, I do care, and that was mine to begin with!” Maggie came out and pointed at her.
“Oh?” The female in the ponytail raised an eyebrow. “Sorry to say for you, but this is mine and—”
 “No way, another human like us? That’s unbelievable!” Antonio walked over towards the two. He adjusted his glasses and focused on the new female. “So, how did you get here?”
“Who is this? Calling me something like ‘human’?” The woman inquired, taking a step back.
“Uh, you’re taking offense to that?” Tommy questioned, getting out of his hiding spot. “You make it as though you’re not...”
“Man, you guys sure are dumb.” The red-haired lady scoffed. “Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Amy, and you can say that I’m an alien of sorts, or whatever you humans call it...”
“That’s so cool!” Antonio exclaimed.
“That’s so nonsensical!” Maggie retorted.
“Now, that’s not my real name,” Amy mentioned. “But that is one hundred percent classified information.”
But the alien part isn’t? Tommy thought, eyeing the area and sensing the tension in the room.
“I think I’d like Amy as a better option, regardless.” Antonio laughed nervously.
“As you can see, I’m responsible for collecting these Gems here,” Amy explained.
“But why?” Maggie asked.
“Will you let me finish?” Amy retorted.
“Ok, sheesh.” Maggie crossed her arms and turned around in a huff. Who does this chick think she is?!
“As I was saying, this pad is what I use to locate my missing colored gems. Sadly, I’ve made little progress. All I keep getting are mysterious portals that lead to columns of the sort, but I don’t know what it means or what to do with them.”
Antonio tried to pull the glued gem out, but he couldn't get it out, no matter how hard he tried.
How did it get off its pedestal in the first place?
“Do you think it has a connection with the gems there?” Tommy asked, pointing at the gemstone buttons on the control pad.
Amy thought about what Tommy said before replying. “You know, you’re not as dumb as you look.”
Tommy took offense to that as his mouth gaped open. “Hey, what’s that supposed to mean?”
“Hey, Amy? What about the missing slots that have no gems inside?” Antonio inquired and pointed.
“Good eye, you’re correct to notice that my board is incomplete,” Amy replied, throwing her hands over them with gusto.
“Well, duh, anybody could see that.” Maggie retorted, rolling his eyes.
Amy squinted her eyes and scowled at her before continuing. “I need to find all of my things, bring them back, and assemble them right here. Once I do just that, I can fully make a portal and return to my planet.”
“Could you make one for us as well?” Antonio asked.
“Yeah, we also would like to go home,” Tommy added.
“Um, yeah, sure thing.” Amy nodded hesitantly.
“We can go back with the others? Alright!” Antonio cheered, then paused. “Do you think we should tell those other guys about it, too? I’m sure they’d love to go back—”
“No way.” Maggie interrupted. “Those scientists are crazy, remember?”
“Yea, but they’re also—”
“Stop taking pity on them!”
“I didn’t say that I—”
Taking advantage of the two arguing, Amy turned her attention to Tommy to offer a proposal. “So, what do you say? If you guys help me out and collect the gems for me, I’ll make you that portal, which will take you back to your planet before I use it on myself to go back to my planet.”
“Well, I don’t know. What do you think?” Tommy asked Mandy. 
To his surprise, he found that Antonio’s laptop had lost connection again, and the screen was nothing but static.
“You went through my shield, and not to mention, the gem chose you guys,” Amy continued, walking towards him and placing a hand on his shoulder. "It's up to you, but I wouldn't let go of this opportunity to kill two birds with one stone."
Tommy ended up getting stuck, having to decide himself as a lump rested in his throat. Tommy took a deep breath and exhaled for a quick moment before deciding. 
“Alright, we’ll do it.”
Maggie and Antonio stopped bickering and gasped in shock. 
“Tommy, are you crazy?” Maggie asked.
“Then it’s a deal!” Amy grabbed his hand and shook it. “Amaze, thank you so much!” She clasped her hands in excitement.
“You’re welcome,” Antonio replied. “But where do we start from here? How do we find our first gem?”
“Man, you ask a lot of questions,” Amy murmured.
“Of course,” Antonio stood tall and proud, with his hands on his hips.
“Hey, why not go through this portal?” Tommy pointed at the portal Amy made, which comprised a mix of aqua and yellow-orange light. “It looks like you can go through it—”
“And you can!” Amy exclaimed, as she shoved the trio through the portal. “Good luck, you guys!” She yelled out before closing it up behind them.





Episode 8


Maggie, Tommy, and Antonio fell out of the portal and landed on some soft ground. Thankfully, the height difference wasn’t significant, so the three of them didn’t get hurt all that much. The soft grains crunched in between their fingers as they clenched them tightly before pulling themselves off the ground.
“I’m starting to hate portals,” Maggie murmured as she shook the sand off her hair.
“Yeah, same here,” Tommy replied, brushing the sand off his clothes. “But where are we, though?”
They looked around and found themselves on top of a big mountain top, where the clouds appeared closer to them than ever before, almost as if one of them might touch them. 
The only other item of interest was a small pylon-shaped rock that resembled the one they remembered from the portal. Antonio could hear his laptop softly humming and went to take it out of his backpack to get a better listen.
“Antonio, can you hear me?” Mandy spoke up.
“Yes, I can,” Antonio replied, wiping the sweat from his forehead.
“What a relief, I thought for a second that— well, never mind. I guess we lost connection temporarily.”
“I suppose?” Antonio shrugged. He stopped for a moment and realized something.  
Now that they had a connection again, Antonio gave Mandy a synopsis and broke down the events that led up to their current predicament.
“Uh, wow...” She said, absolutely stunned by the story.
“I know! We might get out of here earlier than expected, after all!” Tommy piped up.
“I don’t know about that,” Mandy warned them. “You guys might get in a lot more danger than before...”
Maggie looked ahead in the distance and clenched her fists. “I hate to agree, but I don’t trust that ‘alien girl’ either...”
“Uh, you know those crystals aren’t toys, right?” Mandy inquired.
“Yeah? I know...”
“Then, why are you—?”
“Well, maybe if you guys hadn’t taken so much time fixing that machine while we’re out here trying to survive, we wouldn’t have to follow her!” Maggie glared at her and snapped.
Everyone stayed silent in shock. Maggie was about to say something, but decided against it. She turned her head and stormed off. Tommy and Antonio followed soon after her in silence.
.-.-.-.
Fortunately, as they walked toward the obelisk, they found their perspective of the distance not as broad as they thought. The group got to their destination in no time at all.
The three wondered what they should do since the obelisk didn’t appear to have any entrance visible to their eyes. Mandy suggested that the three of them check and see if they could find a secret passage hidden somewhere.  
The group inspected the outside surface of the pylon for clues until Tommy found an invisible block move as he pushed against it. Maggie and Antonio found something similar, and as they struggled against the stones, it ended up creating a hole that served as their entrance.
The three stepped inside the opening and found the place to be a lot hollower and darker than it first appeared. Antonio thought it would be difficult to see, even as their eyes adjusted to the dark when some lights came on. They noticed that the light source came from a sizable glowing monitor next to a set of control panels. 
As the three got closer, something unnerving dawned on Antonio. The control panel had an eerily similar appearance to the one Amy had back in her base! He thought about pointing this out to the others, but Maggie seemed more interested in inspecting each of the knobs that changed color, many colors even, except for one particular color: green. Maggie sighed in disbelief and defeat.
Tommy noticed her expression and was about to ask what was wrong. She loudly cracked her hands together and moved over to the edges of the gem. She tried to pull it out, suffice to say; it didn’t work.
“Man, why are they stuck like glue?” Maggie questioned.
“I don’t know,” Antonio replied with a shrug. “But I don’t think you should mess with those like that...”
“Why is that?” She asked, leaning against a large gem on the ground with her hand. Without warning, a loud thundering sound came from within the space; it appeared to be at some distance. 
“What was that sound?” Tommy panicked.
“I think it happened as I did... this?” Maggie leaned over and pressed onto the yellow gem again. This time, light green lightning struck down from above.
“Will you knock it off?” Antonio thundered. “Don’t you see? Those are dangerous!”
“Oh, I don’t want to hear that coming from—”
“But it doesn’t make any sense!” Tommy interrupted. “It was sunny a while ago...”
“Oh my gosh, you’re right!” Antonio exclaimed, as he moved the laptop closer to his face. “How can that be, then?”
“Shouldn’t you guys do something?” Mandy asked.
“We know, you don’t have to tell us twice,” Maggie muttered, shaking her head.
“But how do we get this machine to work without the risk of further corrupting the land?” Antonio asked Mandy, his hands trembling, as he tried to keep the laptop from falling.
“Hang on; I got an idea! I’ll scan them all!” A light emerged from the laptop as the scanning process began on each of the orbs, one by one, until the beam disappeared and she got her results. 
“Alright, press only the tan-colored ones, but do not confuse them for brown or peach, understood?” Mandy cautioned them.
“You got it!” Antonio replied with a thumbs up. 
He, Tommy, and Maggie waited for the required color to show up on the gem and then pressed them in no particular order. Within minutes, the monitor created a magic portal for them to jump in. No one knew where it would lead to; all they could see were mixes of light orange and aqua colors blended in a swirl covering the space. The three stood there and watched in awe.
Figuring that's where the gem could be located, Tommy acknowledged they won't accomplish much by standing around, and entered the portal. “Let’s go!” Maggie and Antonio exchanged a nervous glance and followed him.
.-.-.-.
Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio stepped out of the portal and noticed that they were still inside the pylon. So, the three of them walked out to see if anything had changed.
 Outside, led a big hill covered in yellow sand. Everything else had sand aside from the entrance.
The trio reluctantly walked toward the mountain and continued exploring, but it seemed like they were going nowhere. The hill appeared to get smaller the further they pressed on.
“Why does it feel like it’s taking forever to get here?” Maggie complained, trying to shield herself from the scorching red sun in the sky.
“Maybe it’s because of the sudden terrain?” Antonio guessed, wiping the sweat from his forehead. 
Tommy didn’t have as much trouble with the heat as the other two and kept moving at a consistent pace. “How are we supposed to find the gem in this void?” He asked.
“Well, if the tan crystal does find gems, it could help us out with this one too?” Maggie suggested with a shrug. “I mean, that’s how we found that white gem, remember?”
“Oh yeah, you’re right.”
Antonio scratched his chin while eyeing his laptop. “I wonder, may I borrow your crystal for a second?”
“Oh, sure thing?” Maggie replied, taking the jewel out of her pocket. “What do you plan on doing with it?”
“You’ll see; watch this.”
Antonio took the crystal and put it on the laptop in the small hole that he created to activate the tracker mode from his computer, acting as a crystal radar of sorts. The shard moved and pointed straight ahead as it continued to blink and beep. 
“I think we’re getting closer to where we need to go.” He told the others.
“Well, what are we waiting for?” Tommy questioned.
The three walked up to the top of the hill. Something huge appeared in front of them that resembled an Egyptian pyramid. The crystal radar blinked faster as it pointed at it, leaving Antonio to sigh.
Tommy led the group as they slid down the hill, making sure not to get sand or dust in their eyes, and stepped closer to the pyramid face. As they walked towards it, the entrance appeared from the ground. The group wasn’t sure if they had a better option, but walked inside regardless.
.-.-.-.
Tommy, Antonio, and Maggie saw the pyramid was a lot bigger on the inside than on the outside and decided it wouldn’t be such a bad idea to explore the place. 
Fortunately, there were well-placed fire torches on each side of the wall to make it easier to explore without bumping into things. 
Antonio noticed some weird writings on the wall and asked Tommy to reach into his backpack for him and pull out a small camera to take pictures. Since his friends’ hands were full at the moment with the laptop and crystal radar attachment in his hands, Tommy shrugged and did as told.
The patterns on the wall looked like symbols, but none of them knew what they could mean or represent. It wasn’t the best lighting either, which made it even more difficult to tell what shape they were. Perhaps examining and analyzing them with Mandy’s equipment would help? Antonio figured.  
He was about to ask when they reached a resting point when they came across a fork in the road. Antonio quickly took notice of the crystal pointing in one particular direction and figured that must be where the gem is located. 
Thinking the other way had to be a dead-end, the three followed the crystal and headed up the long arch of stairs. A large rectangle door opened up for them at the top.
.-.-.-.
The three made it through the door just as it closed behind them. Another door rested on the other side. Inside the room, the group noticed tiles on the floor; each of them held a single pattern engraved on top of a concrete surface. 
The holes in the walls gave them an unsettling feeling that something would come shooting out if someone wasn't careful enough.
“Oh, boy, this doesn’t look good...” He said. Beads of sweat rolled down his face.
“I think by the looks of this, we need to step on individual tiles to move across to the next room,” Tommy said. He scratched his chin and squinted his eyes to see the tiles better. 
“Huh, you’re not being reckless and jumping in head first this time?” Maggie questioned, impressed by his newfound sensibility.
“Cut me some slack, will you? Besides, I’ve seen it in a movie before.”
“Sure, but which ones should we step on?”
“How should I know?” Amy replied through the intercom. “I’ve never been to that place before, so...”
“Hey, wait, don’t those patterns on the floor look familiar to you guys?” Tommy asked as he pointed at the tiles.
“You’re right, I feel like I have seen them before,” Antonio replied. “Do you still have the camera?”
“Sure, do.” Tommy looked through the photos in the camera and noticed the images on the wall. The others leaned over beside him and saw the pictures he took as well. “I knew it; they’re the same ones from the wall on the way here!”
“So we copy those patterns and step on the tiles in that order? Is that right, Tommy?”
“Precisely, Antonio.”
And so, Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio went one at a time to step on each tile in the required sequence. They watched the surrounding walls before trying to find the next one that matched the picture in the camera, as they tried to steady their heart and nerves.  
Tommy went first, since he had the camera and photographs in hand; he wouldn’t have to worry about memorizing and stepping. That way, when Maggie and Antonio went right behind him, he could tell them which tile to step on next before proceeding to the next one.
However, he reached a gap between where the last tile was and where he stood at the moment, finding himself in a dilemma.
Maggie and Tommy looked around for another tile similar to that one nearby that they might step on instead, but there wasn't one within reach. The two leaped across instead. They both made it over successfully, but Antonio stood motionless. He knew he wasn’t a good jumper, and had doubts about making it across.
As Tommy yelled out words of encouragement, Antonio gulped and tried to do a running start, and leaped over. However, he lost his balance, tripped, and fell onto the tiles The holes in the walls turned from black to bright red as the holes opened up from the sides, and fire arrows darted out across the room. 
Tommy ran back across the tiles and pushed his friend out of their way. As they laid there on the cold floor, keeping their heads down. They looked behind them and saw the tiles falling apart beneath them.  
The opening revealed a crevice with spikes lining the bottom. They now realized that the arrows were the least of their worries. Antonio and Tommy rushed over the remaining tiles as fast as they could, all while avoiding arrows and falling tiles until the two made it over to safety.
As soon as all three got safely across, the door in front of them opened up. They hurried in, hoping to rest for a while before moving forward.
“God, that was a close one.” Maggie sighed heavily.
“Yeah, I’ll say...” Tommy added, panting, and feeling out of breath.
“I’m so sorry about that,” Antonio said, as he hung his head in shame.
“It’s ok, don’t worry about it,” Tommy reassured him.
Behind the group were more stairs, which led to another floor. 
“Let’s go,” Maggie told them.
.-.-.-.
Tommy and Antonio followed Maggie as she led the way to the next floor, where yet another door awaited. This time, upon entering the room, there lied a podium with three dark green bowls laying on top. There didn’t seem to be anything else in the area, not even another door.
They walked toward the bowls to inspect them more closely, feeling there’d be a catch; shouldn’t the room be harder to solve since they were on a higher level? 
Tommy leaned over to check the contents of the bowl, inhaled a whiff, but then darted back in disgust.
“Ugh, this smells awful!” Tommy exclaimed.
“Whatever it could be, will we have to eat it?” Antonio guessed.
“Maybe they can help us with something,” Maggie wondered. “Or maybe they’re supposed to look like that, but they end up tasting good...” 
She walked over to the bowl, picked it up, and gulped the contents inside. By the time she put the pot back down, her stomach lurched violently as she hunched over. about to lose her lunch. 
“Never mind, forget what I said; this tastes awful.”
“Are you ok?” Tommy and Antonio asked, concerned by her appearance.
Maggie rubbed her head and groaned in pain, shutting her eyes as tight as she could. When she opened them again, her eyes shot out an array of purple lights. The other two stepped back in shock and noticed that her eyes were now purple instead of blue.
Maggie looked around, mesmerized with her new talent, while Tommy and Antonio looked at her in confusion. That was, until her glance came to a stop on a nearby wall, and she pointed. 
“Hey, I can see a secret passage over there!”
“Wait, you do?” Tommy tilted his head, bewildered. “But I see nothing over there.”
Antonio pondered her situation for a moment before going back to check on the three bowls, one empty and two still left untouched. 
“I think whatever this bowl’s contents are, must have given Maggie some inspector vision. But how could—?”
“Eh, who cares?” Tommy interrupted, and shrugged. “Let’s just follow her out of here.”
“Alright, then.” Antonio’s words hung in the air, as he trudged away from the bowls; his eyes lingered on the strange liquid inside them.
Antonio and Tommy followed Maggie to where she saw the secret passage. However, as they got closer, Maggie phased through the wall and disappeared. 
Antonio and Tommy could still hear Maggie’s voice from behind the wall, telling them she’s perfectly fine. Antonio wondered if they had to eat the contents of the bowl as well to advance to the next room. Maggie mentioned that for her to do it, she consumed the entire dish.
The two boys gulped and gave each other worried glances before slowly heading toward the dishes and picking them up with their hands. Tommy closed his eyes and imagined that the stuff was Lime and Nutmeg flavored ice cream, while Antonio took a deep breath and muttered that he pretended he ate Ginger Pudding. 
The two gulped down the weird contents and felt similar reactions to what Maggie had experienced, including achieving the same purple lights out of their eyes. 
They looked around the room and discovered that there were many more objects visible to them now. Tommy and Antonio saw Maggie behind the secret wall and ran toward it to catch up with her.  
Within a few minutes of passing through the secret wall, the purple power ran out. They pressed on, hoping to find the gem in time.
.-.-.-.
Finding yet another set of stairs in their continuing search, Maggie, Tommy, and Antonio had reached the top floor and now entered the room with the yellow gem sitting right there on the podium pedestal. There didn’t seem to be anything else in the room besides that, though, which troubled them.
“There it is.” Maggie pointed out. “Now as long as no one says—”
“This’ll be easy!” Tommy happily interrupted.
“Why did you say something?”
“What?”
“Never mind, let’s just get this thing.”
“Wait!” Antonio tried to stop her, but she was already way ahead of him at that point. She marched up to the small set of stairs and grabbed the gem from the podium.
“Alright, one down.” She announced, lifting it in the air.
The scene before him left Antonio puzzled. “But how can that be? There should have been traps set, but there weren't any?”
“Well, maybe... that’s not the real one?” Tommy guessed.
“You mean this one’s a fake?” Maggie questioned.
“He’s right,” Amy replied from the crystal walkie-talkie. “The booby traps aren’t activating, and that gem isn’t floating, either.”
“What? Then where could the real one be?” Maggie wondered, looking around the room.
“Maybe it’s hidden around here somewhere?” Antonio predicted.
“Ugh, guess we better look for the real one. It’s got to be around here somewhere...”
Tommy placed his hands on the walls and ran them along with the surface, hoping to find a sweet spot that would activate a secret compartment. Maggie looked at the floors to see if there were any hidden clues somewhere along the floor tiles. Antonio searched across the ceiling and around the podium, hoping to find something worth noting.
It felt like they’d been at it for a while until Tommy pushed something on the wall that activated a door. He lost his balance and fell inside, leaving the door to close behind him. The loud thump made Antonio and Maggie snap around, only to find Tommy disappeared. 
Antonio stepped ahead to investigate where Tommy had gone to when Maggie accidentally stepped on a hidden switch on the floor beneath her. It activated a trapdoor that opened the floor under her feet, causing her to fall through the opening, as it quickly closed above her.
Antonio spun around as Maggie gasped and screamed. He found himself to be alone. He couldn’t find the crystal radar either; it appeared to have come off the laptop somehow. Antonio knew he had to figure a way out of here and find the yellow gem. He knew it wouldn’t be easy, but he had to try it regardless, or he might not see his friends again.
Just then, Antonio noticed something on the side of the podium and strolled over to take a closer look. There, he saw an inscription written on it and adjusted his glasses to get a better look. He then placed both of his hands on the podium base and gently pushed it. The podium moved slightly as it revealed a secret passage with stairs leading him a long way down. 
Thinking he had no other option but to press on, Antonio took a deep breath before taking his first step down a long flight of steps. It would be up to him to find Tommy, Maggie, and the gem.
.-.-.-.
Maggie woke up and discovered that she landed on some soft sand. She looked up and found that she fell farther down, if the hole in the ceiling was any indication. 
She found it hard to see in the dark area and didn’t have much light in the vicinity, but knew it to be a prominent place by the sound of silence echo resonating through the air. They probably filled it with sand. But how was she supposed to get out of here and find her way back to the others? 
A sharp pain hit her lower half; Maggie glanced at the ground. She found her crystal underneath her butt and under the sand. Maggie picked it up and dusted off the sand before thinking of an idea.
She rubbed the crystal and found it glowing again. Excellent, it still works. If I can use this to find the real gem and grab it, then the jewel can float back to Jamie’s like last time. All I need to do after that is follow the gem back to the obelisk. Then summon the others back via a portal, if that lady cooperates. 
“Alright, let’s get to it, no way am I giving up now!” Maggie got up and brushed herself off before trekking along the sand at a slow pace.
.-.-.-.
Antonio had noticed that the surrounding area got darker as he continued to walk down the stairs slowly but surely. He looked over at his laptop.  There should be a built-in flashlight of some sort to help him see where he was going.
Mandy called him to ask where he was and how he was doing since they hadn’t talked to her in a while, but before Antonio could answer, the two saw Samuel walk over to the monitor, who had just woken up.
“Oh, sorry, did I wake you up?” Mandy asked.
“Well, maybe,” Sam replied, rubbing his eyes. “I had enough sleep for now, so I should— huh?” He took notice of Antonio and the isolated area around him. It didn’t look familiar to him in the slightest. “Where are you? What do you think you’re doing?!” He roared at his nephew.
“We’re collecting some gems for this alien girl,” Antonio explained.
“But why are you getting those?”
“She said she'd take us home if we do what she asked...”
“Are you serious? You probably just met this alien, and you’re going to trust her instantly? Even in life-threatening quests like this?”
“Isn’t this already dangerous enough? Being stuck in a place, you don’t know? And where were you beforehand?” Antonio questioned.
“I was sleeping.  I needed to rest from working so hard...” Sam explained. He paused and sighed before continuing. “Look, get out of there and stay away from that girl, you hear me? We’ll get it done and bring you back home, I promise.”
“But...”
“Wait somewhere safe, ok?”
“Ok,” Antonio said in defeat as he continued to walk.
There weren’t any more stairs, just a large concrete floor waiting at the bottom. He closed the laptop and left the flashlight device before continuing. As Antonio reached a dead end, he noticed something strange in front of him and looked up. 
“No way, it can’t be!” Antonio’s eyes widened with alarm as beads of sweat ran down his face as he looked at what was in front of him.
.-.-.-.
Tommy tumbled down on the long slide, going from one slide to another in different directions. He barely had any time to catch his breath when he fell through a hole at the end of the slide and landed on some soft golden dough. 
Although filled with gold coins, the ground felt smooth rather than hard-edged. A vast array of light brightened up the room as Tommy followed the source of that power.
As Tommy wondered for a moment what he would do all alone and how he would get out of here, he reached the top of the peak. A shiny yellow object on a pedestal awaited him. Tommy reached over and picked it up, rolling it gently in his hands and inspecting it.  
As he wondered if it’s the right one or not, the walls trembled, and the ground shook violently beneath him. Was the whole temple-like pyramid crumbling apart with him in it? Before Tommy had any time to think about his predicaments, the gold dough swept him off his feet and carried him across the room, making him ride on top of the waves like a surfer. Adrenaline kicked in as excitement and danger filled his body. Tommy spotted a small crevice in the wall up ahead and jumped into it, crawling his way out of the golden place with the gem still clasped in his hand.
.-.-.-.
Meanwhile, Maggie still tried to find her way back to the main lobby of the pyramid with the help of the crystal, but it didn’t seem that she got any closer and with no signs of the other two boys anywhere either.
What’s going on? I thought I figured it all out. Have I been doing this all wrong? I—
Loud crashing noises resonated through the dark hall as the Earth shook beneath her feet. Large falling debris fell all around her as her thoughts got cut short. 
Uh oh. “This is bad; I need to get out of here!” She cried.
Maggie panicked and ran for her life, trying to dodge the falling rocks from the ceiling and avoid the widening cracks in the floors. 
Without warning, she felt a tremendous force hit her squarely in the head, causing her to fall back against the ground.
Thankfully, Maggie didn’t get injured by the falling object. She got up off the ground, only to find Tommy lying next to her, rubbing his head as well.
“Where did you come from?” They both asked as they pointed at each other. “Hey, I asked you first!”
“Guys, the main door to this place is closing up!” Antonio exclaimed.
“Where did—?”
“There’s no time for that; we got to hurry!”
The three glanced at the big door, slowly closing.  The pyramid filled up with more and more sand as it poured in through the cracks, with more rocks falling from the stone walls and ceilings. Antonio, Maggie, and Tommy made a mad dash toward the door, dodging falling rocks and sand. They slid under the door before it could close in on them.
.-.-.-.
Antonio, Tommy, and Maggie ran until they reached a safe spot to stop and catch their breath. They turned back as the sand hole engulfed the pyramid whole, leaving nothing but smooth sand in its wake.
“Aw man, now it’s destroyed, and we weren’t able to get the gem...” Maggie said, lowering her head.
“Are you sure about that?” Tommy asked as he pulled out the gem from his pockets to show to others. “Ta-da!”
“But is that the real one?” Antonio asked, adjusting his glasses. “Because I could’ve sworn that the one I found is the real one...” He added as he pulled out one from his pocket.
“Which one is it then?” Maggie questioned, quickly exchanging glances at the objects. 
The one in Maggie’s pocket, that the group found earlier, floated out. It, along with the other two gems, circled each other for a moment before fusing into one big jewel with a bright blast of light. Seemed like they had gotten what they came here for, after all.
As they followed the gem back to the obelisk, Antonio couldn’t help but think the wind had gotten stronger. He wrapped his arms around his body and glanced back, only to find a significant sand tornado barreling toward them.  
The roar grew deafening as the winds pelted them with grains of sand. A giant funnel cloud engulfed everything in its path. The trio knew they had to hurry inside the safety of the pylon or get lost in the approaching sandstorm forever.
They ran as fast as they could, and made it safely inside, but Maggie and Antonio struggled to get the door closed against the gravitational pull from the winds outside. They had to shut down the obelisk and fast.  
As Maggie and Antonio battled the winds at the door, Tommy hurried over to the control panel to find the tan-colored buttons and rapidly pressed them. A portal appeared at the base of the control panel; the three jumped inside without a moment to lose. 
 Just as the last explorer was clear of the portal opening, the tornado lifted the massive pylon off its foundation and consumed it, leaving little evidence that it ever existed.







Episode 9


Amy waited back at her base, resting one hand on her head, and the other firmly clenching the sides of the control panel. She looked down at the orbs that acted as buttons for the control panel. The missing ones made her reminiscence about the previous time when she had all of those in check and no missing parts.
Just then, a portal appeared from behind her. Amy turned around as Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio popped out of the portal and landed on the floor. The three got up and brushed themselves off as Amy rushed over to them.
“You’re back!” Amy greeted. “What took you so long?”
“What do you mean by that?” Maggie retorted. “We were stuck down there, not knowing what to do!” She glared and crossed her arms. “You pushed us in there in the first place!”
“Yeah, we could’ve died, you know?” Tommy added, placing his hands on his hips. “I don’t see why you’re complaining.”
“Man, you humans are so ungrateful, and also annoying...” Amy turned her head and scoffed. She muttered the last part to herself so that others wouldn’t hear her. She cleared her throat and turned back to the others with a big smile on her face. “You’re lucky that I am kind and smart enough to help you guys out in your life-changing endeavor.”
“Okay?” Tommy’s eyebrows furrowed at the statement.
“Now, did you guys at least get me the gem?”
“Sure, did.” Antonio proudly presented her with the yellow jewel. She gladly took it from his hands and placed it into one of the holes of the circuit board.
Antonio glanced back over his shoulder as the portal disappeared altogether. Amy claimed that they’re on the right track and would locate the next pylon from there. Antonio, however, couldn’t help but remember the words his uncle told him while they were still back in the pyramid. 
Get away from that girl, huh? 
Antonio wondered if he should interrupt the girls’ research and ask her some questions that bothered him. Would she even answer honestly or not? That was another issue entirely.
He decided it was worth a shot, and asked about her planet and nationality, but got the same response in return; that being, they were classified information.”
“I want to ask you a question too,” Maggie brought up.
“You do?” Amy leaned closer, resting her chin. “What was it you wanted to ask?”
“Well, it’s about the crystals. There are all kinds of colors and powers that they represent, right?”
“Right.”
“So, I was wondering, the only ones I haven’t seen or noticed yet are green crystals. Do those exist here?”
“The short answer: yes. However, green crystals are difficult to find.”
“Okay then, that’s all I wanted to know...” Maggie sighed in relief.
Tommy picked up on Maggie’s strange obsession with green crystals and figured he’d ask her what was up with that. But just as he opened his mouth, Amy announced that she found the next pylon.  They would get there through the portal she had just spawned.
“Hey, could you not push us this time?” Tommy raised his hand and requested.
“Fine.” Amy sighed in defeat. She crossed her arms and rested on her seat.
“But how can we trust you if you keep us out in the dark like that?” Maggie questioned, squinting her eyes.
“Do you have any better ideas?” Amy asked, narrowing her eyes.
“Well...”
“I guess you could wait for help to come by, but we don’t know how long it’ll take for other means of contribution to arrive. How long has it been since you got stranded here?”
Tommy and Maggie clenched their fists. They didn’t like this attitude she spewed on them right now. Antonio solemnly walked away from them.
 Maybe she’s right about it being the only quick and efficient way to get back home.
“Let’s go, you guys.” He murmured.
The other two looked at him, confused, but followed along with this game a little longer. Neither Tommy nor Maggie forgot about the supposed ‘alien chicks’ behavior and made a mental note to come back to give that Amy a peace of mind later.
.-.-.-.
Antonio, Tommy, and Maggie left the portal and found the land to be flat this time. There lacked any semblance of grass, what with the ground riddled with dry cracks, rocks, and sticks scattered everywhere. They could see the next pylon a short distance from their current position, but both Maggie and Tommy still couldn’t shake the feeling that they needed to do things differently. 
Should they continue helping Amy? Tommy and Maggie turned to Antonio, whose eyes stared at the cold, hard ground with a tired, defeated expression on his face.
“So, are we on her side or not?” Tommy asked, placing his hands in his pockets.
“Yeah, I’m confused, too,” Maggie added.
“Um, I...” Antonio spoke up softly. “I’m hungry.”
“Well, we’re almost out of food supplies, guess we should go get more,” Tommy advised.
“Alright, but we might not find this place again, so let’s make a trace,” Antonio suggested.
“With what?”
“Rocks, sticks, leaves, etc.”
“Wait, you still want to help that girl? Even after what she said?” Maggie scrunched up her nose and creased her forehead.
“Hey, now, I didn’t say that...” Antonio muttered.
“Let’s just go,” Tommy said, hunching down to inspect some dirt. “Hopefully, we can find stuff before nightfall...”
The three set off to find more berries and water. While Maggie and Tommy got fruit from bushes and trees, Antonio continued placing small rocks down along the path so they could find the pylon easier on their return. 
Something dawned on him; he noticed something different about the other two, and how they've been acting. Antonio wondered, did something happen that he wasn’t aware of? Why did he feel left out, like he was some third wheel?
While scavenging for supplies, the trio had to make a slight detour to move away from another incoming dinosaur, a big blue one with black spikes across its back and head. The group wasn’t sure whether the dinosaur was friendly, but they didn’t want to take any chances and risk getting eaten. They quietly stepped back into the Mysterious Woods to allow the behemoth to walk past unchallenged.
They were all in better spirits now that they had plenty of pink and orange berries to chow down. The next order of business was to find clean water. As they continued on, Maggie stopped in her tracks and pointed over toward a pond they had passed on the way to the berries. Circular ripples formed on the water’s surface, and the reflection revealed a familiar face, which Maggie recognized immediately.
“Hey, look, it’s Ringo!” Maggie rushed over to greet the purple Thescelotitan. 
Tommy strolled over as well, while Antonio slowly walked behind him.
“It’s good to see you again.” Tommy greeted, petting its back.
The dinosaur’s eyes saddened, and it lowered its head down. 
“What’s wrong?” Maggie asked, concerned.
“Oh, it must have felt guilty for leaving us behind...” Tommy replied.
“Oh, is that so?” She looked over and hugged the dinosaur. “It’s ok; I forgive you.”
“But I got hit by a branch...” Antonio murmured, rubbing his arm and looking away.
“It didn’t mean to!” Tommy defended. “Isn’t that right, Ringo?”
Ringo nodded in agreement. It then walked over to some bushes and poked its head in as the dinosaur retreated from the forest, as it rustled more. A pink Thescelotitan with light blue eyes slowly walked out and approached the others.
“Aw, it looks so cute!” Maggie exclaimed, rubbing her cheeks. “I should come up with a name for you, too. Do you think they’re friends or siblings?” She turned to ask Tommy.
“I don’t know. Do whatever you want.” He shrugged in response. Just then, Tommy thought up an idea. “Hey, since they’re here, why don’t you ask if they can take us to where the bear people are again?”
“You mean the Orso Loobas?” Antonio corrected him.
“Yeah, I’m sure they’d love to have us drop by their village again.”
“That's a superb idea; let’s go with your plan!” Maggie complimented. She went over to ask Ringo, to which it nodded and bent down to allow them up on his back for safe travel.
.-.-.-.
Tommy and Maggie both rode on top of Ringo’s back, while Antonio stubbornly refused to mount the animal. He walked alongside the pink one, trying to keep up with their long strides. Tommy noticed the fading light of the day as the sun continued to set.
“Uh, oh, it’s getting late...” He told the others.
“Wow, you’re right,” Maggie replied, glancing at the sky. “We might not make it back in time.”
“What do we do? Where are we supposed to sleep?”
Just then, the Thescelotitan slid them off its back, and the two dinosaurs walked into the bush. They returned with vast bundles of sticks, hay, and leaves, dropped them in a gigantic pile, and stomped all over them. 
Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio figured out that they’re trying to build a small hut and helped. The team structured the wood and sticks together for the walls. They also used dirt and mud like glue, the hay for the roof and floorings, and leaves to finish the curtain door of the shelter.
The finished product looked sturdy enough to keep them dry and warm for the night. 
“Wow, that looks kind of cool,” Maggie said, impressed by the structure and how well it turned out.
“We can stay here for the night before heading out again to the bear village,” Tommy said, crossing his arms. “Man, I feel like I’m in a unique five five-star hotel again, like The Historic Summit Hotel!”
They continued having pleasant chats as the three headed inside the hut for the night. The dinosaurs curled up on the ground against the sides of the shelter. 
The moon had appeared in the night sky, and the evening air and skies got darker and darker. Antonio, Maggie, and Tommy enjoyed a light snack and drank water from their jugs, all while talking late into the night.
“Hey, Maggie, I was wondering,” Antonio said after swallowing his meal. “How do you know about those crystals? You seem to act like you know a lot more than you’re letting on...”
Maggie took a swig of water before replying. “Oh, is that so?”
“Yeah, I want to know what was up.”
“Well,” She explained, setting aside her jug on the ground. “There was this one time...”
.-.-.-.
“My father had off from work, and he wanted to spend some time with me. My dad figured it would be an excellent opportunity to show me what he’d been working on for the past couple of years. So, he took me to his secret lab.
“There, I saw two other people in science robes. They were busy working on something. When they heard us coming, they both stopped briefly and walked over to check up on my father. I’m sure it was your uncle and his friend, and I still can’t remember what their names were.
‘Hey, Marshall, what are you doing here?’ The female asked.
‘Yeah, isn’t today your day off?’ The male added.
‘I know.’ My father replied. ‘But I wanted to take my little Magpie here to work to show her our progress.’
‘Is that so?’ The male scientist adjusted his glasses while the female leaned over to inspect me. Honestly, it freaked me out, and I hid behind my dad.
‘Aw, she looks so adorable.’ The female smiled at me. 
“Something about her made me feel uneasy. Thankfully,﻿ the other scientist pulled her away and reminded her they needed to get back to work.
“I sighed in relief, but when I saw the others were getting back to their posts, I was curious and wanted to know what was going on. ‘So, what are you guys studying exactly?’ I asked.
‘It’s a surprise…’ My dad whispered. 
That response just made me want to see it even more.
“The two scientists pressed some buttons on the control panel, and the walls opened up to reveal a glass box behind it. Inside the glass box, I saw floating unusual objects that were hovering as if they were in zero gravity.
‘Whoa, what are those?’ I asked, pointing at the objects behind the glass wall.
‘Those are crystals.’ My father explained. ‘We saw these on one of our expeditions and took them in to examine and analyze.’
‘Is that so?’
‘Yes, and what we discovered so far is that they all seem to have some hint of elemental power. 
“We’re checking to see which one does what and see if we can put some of these crystals to good use. Like, for example, if there are any teleport or life crystals. We’d be able to change the world using these!’
“I walked over to the glass to get a closer look at the crystals, placing my hand on the glass and pressing my face against it. 
‘Amazing…’ I muttered softly.”
.-.-.-.
Tommy and Antonio stayed stunned by the story. Now it seemed to click together and make sense why she would come down here. The two looked over at Maggie’s head, lowering.
“Are you okay?" Antonio asked, checking on her.
“Yeah, it's fine, thanks for listening."
Tommy gave her a soft smile. "It's not a problem."
Realizing how late it got, he put out the fire surrounding the little pebbles and got out his sleeping bag.
Maggie turned and noticed Antonio hadn’t been saying a lot, wondering if there was something on his mind. He scurried over to his sleeping bag without a comment. 
She shrugged and crawled into her sleeping bag before turning off the lights.
Later that night, Antonio slowly got up out of his sleeping bag. Noticing that the other two slept soundly, he tiptoed out of the hut. The pink dinosaur moved its head slightly as he watched Antonio leave the cabin. Antonio noticed the dinosaur’s interest and raised his finger to his lips to shush it.
“Please be quiet and don’t worry about me.” He whispered. “I need to go to the bathroom. I’ll be right back, so don’t make the others worried, ok?”
The Thescelotitan nodded and tried to go back to sleep while he walked off, but was having a hard time doing so. Hissing made the pink dinosaur snap wide awake, and a snake crawled inside the hut out of the corner of its eye. 
The dinosaur peaked its head from under the beaded curtains and watched as the snake crawled inside Tommy’s backpack. As it leaned further into the cabin to pull the creature out, Tommy and Maggie squirmed in their sleeping bags. They sat up and rubbed their eyes, stretched their arms, and yawned.
“Is something wrong, Riley?” Maggie asked, still half-asleep.
“That’s the name you’re going to give it?” Tommy asked. 
Then again, he figured it was best not to complain about the unisex names at a time like this.
“Hey, what’s it doing messing around with my bag?” Tommy raised his head and noticed the dinosaur peeking inside his bag. He looked around in the hut and noticed something odd. “Huh? Where the heck did Antonio go?”
“I don’t know. Maybe Antonio had to go to, you know, the bathroom?” Maggie guessed with a shrug.
“But why would he not tell us anything? And how long had he been gone for?”
“Maybe we should find him?”
“Yeah, hopefully, he didn’t get too far...” 
Tommy got out of his sleeping bag and went over to pick up his backpack. 
Riley shook its head in protest, almost as if it begged for him not to take the bag with him. The dinosaur’s behavior confused him, but disregarded it as he opened the flap and reached inside for his flashlight. 
By the time he noticed something inside the backpack, it was already too late. A sharp bite pierced into his hand, causing him to scream at the top of his lungs.
Maggie shot up wide awake now; she watched in horror as the snake quickly slithered away from the backpack and out of the hut. 
Tommy rolled on the ground, writhing in pain. She got up and ran over to him, his hand now noticeably red and swollen.
“Oh no, are you alright?”
“N-no...” Tommy replied weakly, trying to fight back the tears.
She turned to the pink dinosaur. “You must’ve tried to warn him about the vermin and tried to get him out of there! We’re sorry we didn’t listen!” 
Maggie got out her backpack and took out the health kit to check if any health supplies could help with the snake bites. She found a medicine bottle that might have helped. Maggie read the directions on the bottle, then turned to Tommy and injected him with a syringe of a brightly colored liquid. 
She took a wrapping bandage from the health kit and tied it snuggly around his hand, hoping to prevent the pain from going further up his body.
“Won’t you please hurry and take this boy back to the Orso Looba village for treatment?” Maggie pleaded to the dinosaur. Riley nodded as she placed him on top of it.
Riley carried his body gently on its back and headed toward the village as instructed. She took out a piece of paper and pen to write out a message for Antonio before placing it on the ground and rushing over to get on Ringo’s back. It could sense the urgency in her voice and got ready to sprint as soon as she finished.
“Come on; we need to hurry and show them the right way to get there!” Maggie exclaimed, getting on Ringo’s back. “I wrote a note to let the geek guy know we left just in case he gets back.” The purple Thescelotitan nodded and ran off to follow the pink one. 
I hope we can make it on time. Maggie thought as she clung to the nape of the dinosaur’s neck. “Hang in there...” She whispered. “Please.”
.-.-.-.
Meanwhile, Antonio walked on the damp ground through the trees until he stopped at a fortress in the woods. He heard from both sides of the coin, and after thinking about it long and hard, he came to a decision. Antonio took out his laptop from his backpack and placed it gently on the ground. 
I’m sorry, Uncle, but I’m not going back. He thought, while removing the tracking chip from his device. I have something else to do right now.
Antonio walked down the dark corridor that led to the entrance of the fortress. His eyes met with a pair of glowing purple eyes staring back at him. They narrowed in a foreboding manner. 
“Who goes there?” The unknown voice asked. The woods fell deathly quiet.
“It’s me, Antonio. There’s something I would like to discuss with a certain someone.”
“I see, is that so?” A grin appeared along with mischievous eyes.
.-.-.-.
Back outside, Maggie used her phone as a flashlight to help guide the way to the village while riding on Ringo. She looked around to see where Riley and Tommy had gone off to when some insects buzzed around her. Maggie moved her head and tried swatting them away with her hands, but the buzzing got louder. She could hear them coming closer and closer from behind her; she turned as a swarm of locusts chased after her.
Maggie yelled for the dinosaur to run faster to avoid getting caught in the locust swarm, which it did just that. She hurriedly searched in her backpack for a fire crystal to fight back and drive them away. All she could find was a yellow crystal. 
“Maybe I can use this to my advantage? It’s worth a shot, at least.”
Maggie rubbed the shard to emit an enormous shock wave, but it vibrated violently in her hand, and she dropped it.
A fireball shot out across the sky and collided with the crystal, exploding into a fire-lightning storm that attacked the wasps and nearly hit Ringo and Maggie. She turned to the source of the attack; it came from the chief of the Bear tribe. He commanded his troops to light rocks on fire before catapulting them toward the enemy.
“Ok, what is going on here?” Maggie asked, dumbfounded.
“Hurry and get inside,” The chief exclaimed, motioning towards the entrance, “We’ll take care of this!”
“Alright, good luck out there.” She nudged the dinosaur to keep going.
“Thanks.” He replied. “Now, fire!” He ordered his soldiers.
.-.-.-.
Maggie and Ringo arrived in one of the bigger huts, where Riley and Ruth waited inside. Maggie laid down on the hay and noticed Tommy visibly shaking as he lied on the floor with his eyes closed.
“Hey, good to see you again.” Ruth greeted.
“Yeah, same here.” Maggie murmured, excusing herself as she sat beside the bear hybrid. “So, you know about...” Her eyes motioned toward Tommy briefly.
“Well, I know he’s in pain, but how did this happen?”
“He got bit by a snake. I can’t find any good herbs to use. Do you think you can help?”
“I’ll do what I can, but it might take some time to prepare.” 
Ruth gathered some into one bowl to mix and brewed the healing concoction while Maggie waited beside Tommy. Ruth stopped what he did as his hands trembled. 
“Uh, oh.” He muttered. 
“What’s wrong?” Maggie asked.
With his eyes widened in alarm, he turned to Maggie. “To finish this Hyalugestin Amciprex, I’m going to need some rare herbs, some Viper Spearmint, but they’re hard to find.”
“Ok, we got rid of the locusts.” Ruth’s father announced as he entered the hut, clapping his paws. “How is our young man doing—?”
“I’ll go find it!” Maggie protested, standing up and raising his fist in the air.
“What?”
“I can’t just leave Tommy like this... I have to do something about it!”
“But wait, let me go with you,” Ruth interrupted. “I know where the Viper Spearmint is!”
“The Viper Spearmint?” That comment took Ruth’s father by surprise. “No, son, it’s much too dangerous for the likes of you!”
“But I remember where it is, father. You’ve taken me there when I was sick before... you know what I’m talking about, right? You didn’t forget, did you?”
The chief was about to say something, but quickly thought better of it and shut his mouth. He sighed and placed his paw on his son’s shoulders. 
“Alright. If you’re still content with going, then I won’t hold it against you. I’ll send in troops to aid you and your friend on this quest, but be careful out there.”
“I will, thank you.”

Episode 10

Orso Looba troops tagged alongside Ruth and Maggie as they headed out to find the place with the herbs known as Viper Spearmint grew, leaving Ringo and Riley behind. 
Ruth made a map out of parchment and wrote the coordinates with some rocks and sticks. The troopers stayed close by as Ruth pointed to where the group needed to go next. They traveled up hills and across mountainsides until they finally reached their destination: The Whispering Expanse.
Maggie stood there and took in the scenery. Fireflies came out of the grass and headed up towards the sky. She wished she would’ve been able to bring her video camera. No one would believe that she witnessed such scenery. The bear troopers gave her a small nudge to remind her what they were here for and that they needed to hurry, since there was no time to waste.
While the crew walked down the hills, screams filled the air that came from miles away. The others weren’t sure what to do or where the strange cries originated. They could check in on whoever that was, or stay the course and pluck out the herbs.
“I sense a Mileti somewhere...” One of the bear soldiers said.
“That must be Anthony!” Maggie called out and smacked his fist into his open palm hand. “We should go!”
“You two, scope out the area for that sound. If anything happens, call for backup.” Ruth pointed at two Orso Loobas, who saluted and went on their way.                                   
Maggie sighed. She knew why Ruth did that, felt like she should contribute to the quest. The remaining bears told her she could assist by helping them find the Viper Spearmints for Tommy. 
According to Ruth, they needed to collect the ones colored white and light blue. Maggie and the Orso Loobas walked around the field, plucking out each of the herbs and placing them in the red backpack for safe travel back.
Just then, a big ripple appeared in the lake, and bubbles spewed water up like a geyser. It got everyone’s attention as they all turned to face the shadow that hovered above the waters.
“What’s going on? What’s happening?” Ruth asked, his body shaking.
“Something is there.” Another Orso Looba replied. “Stand back; it could be dangerous!” 
Maggie stood there with her feet trembling and hands shaking. She wasn’t sure what it was and why no one could see it under the bright moonlight, that was until she noticed something odd about the shape and structure of the shadow. She squinted her eyes and went over to inspect who it could be.
“Hello!” The shadow chirped and waved at the others.
“Huh? Wait a minute, I know that voice...” Maggie groaned upon realizing who it was. “Alien girl, what are you doing here?”
“I came to collect some stuff for myself!” The shadow finally revealed itself, and it turned out to be Amy, who winked at Maggie.
“For what, though? Oh wait, let me guess, is it classified?” Maggie placed her hands on her hips in defiance.
“Alright, I’ll tell you. I’m trying to make some magic brews and potions for later...” Amy explained.
“But why—?”
“Classified!”
Maggie groaned and placed a hand on her face. “You’re confusing me big time. I’m not even going to bother asking how you got here because I know what your response is going to be...”
“Um, excuse me?” Ruth asked.
“Yeah, what is it?” Maggie turned toward the bear.
“Do you recognize this, Mileti?”
“Well, yes, I’m afraid so.”
“Is she a friend of yours?”
“No, not even close.”
“Pardon me, miss.” A bear trooper interrupted their conversation as he walked up to them. “But we seem to have an issue, and it’s about the herbs.”
“Oh no, did we lose them somehow, or are we one short?” Maggie asked.
“The latter. There might be some in the water, but we’re unsure how to check because—”
“You don’t have to ask; this isn’t my territory,” Amy assured them. “So get what you’re looking for.”
“Wasn’t what I was going to say, but alright?”
“You better hurry, though, because there is—” Amy’s body ended up pulled into the water before she could finish her sentence.
 The Orso Loobas gasped in shock, but Maggie rolled her eyes, thinking it was another stupid trick she had up her sleeves.
“What was she going to say?” Ruth questioned.
“She better not take away all the herbs for herself...” Maggie muttered. 
She marched toward the lake, but no more bubbles appeared above the surface. As she leaned over to inspect, something orange and long came out of the water, causing Maggie to fall back in reflex. 
The Orso Loobas ran over to her and frantically checked her surface area for wounds, but stopped only when they found none were present.
“What is that?!” Maggie asked, pointing up at the thing hovering above them.
“It looks like some loch ness monster?” One of the Orso Loobas guessed.
When a scream echoed through the area, everyone looked up and saw Amy hung on for dear life as the Loch Ness monster thrashed her across the lake. The bears used sticks and spears to fight the beast into letting her go.
“Hang in there!” Maggie cried out.
“What? I can’t hear you over my constant screaming!” Amy shouted, hanging on for dear life.
Seriously? Maggie slapped her hand against her face. Could this day get any worse?
“But don’t worry, I’ll find a way out of here— Hey, let me go!” Amy screamed at the monster as the beast bit into her arm. 
She pulled her arm out of this grasp and attempted to mount its head and get away from it.
“W-What should we do now? Do we help her?” Ruth asked in a frantic panic.
“I don’t know.” Maggie shook her head. Maggie was sincerely not that unhappy with the fact that Amy might be eaten alive. She couldn’t stand that woman and never trusted her, anyway.  
“She told us not to worry, so—” 
From the corners of her eyes, the monster fired a beam of light towards them.
“Look out!” She exclaimed as everyone dove for cover to avoid the monster’s laser beam.
The bears grew concerned. “Oh no, if this keeps up, the monster will wreak havoc on the whole area!”
Maggie realized they were right. The herbs that they desperately needed only grew in this area. What if they didn’t have enough? There wouldn’t be anything left if this monster burned them all to a crisp with those laser beams. She looked around in a panic, hoping to find something that could be of great use against the monster. 
Maggie noticed her red backpack filled with crystals and herbs and ran over to reach it. She picked up the bag and scrounged through it until she found a yellow diamond. Maggie went to face the monster in the water with the shard in her hand. “Stand back everyone,” She called out, “Because once I—”
“No, don’t!” Ruth interrupted, extending his paw. “You’ll kill all the inhabitants that live in the water, not just the creature in the lagoon. If you do it, then you’ll be just as bad as—”
“What? How dare you!” Maggie retorted. The other bears gasped in shock. “Comparing me to the likes of—”
“Look out!” A voice exclaimed.
Everyone turned to see the loch ness-looking monster fall towards them. The creature fell into the water and made a big splash, hitting nearly everyone in its wake. 
As Maggie and the Orso Loobas stood drenched on the lake edge, Amy slid down from the creature’s long body and landed safely on the ground just before it went underwater altogether.  
It would have been graceful except that the final submersion by the creature rose up another wave of water that hit her blindly in the back, causing her to fall forward in the mud.
“You see?” Amy said as she got up and coughed a bit. “I told you I had everything under control...”
“Wait, what did you do?” Maggie questioned, trying to process what happened.
“Put it to sleep, snapped its neck.”
“What? How does that work? Does it even have a neck?”
“No need to worry about it, all that matters is we—” Amy stopped herself just in time to correct herself. “You can go get the herbs now.”
“Great...?” Maggie wasn’t sure how to respond to that, but since there was another opening to get the herbs, she felt she should take that opportunity while she still could. There was no arguing with this woman, anyway.
.-.-.-.
Meanwhile, in the nearby dark forest, two bear troopers walked around, trying to find the source of the noise they heard earlier.
“It’s getting dark here...” The first one brought up, shivering in fear.
“Wow, I didn't know that. Thanks for letting me know.” The second answered sarcastically.
“No, I mean, it’s darker than when we were back at The Whispering Expanse.” The first bear trooper corrected himself.
“But we can’t disobey orders. You know that, right?”
“Hey, I got an idea to brighten things up a bit.”
“Ugh, do I want to know?”
“Let’s sing a little song!”
“Take this seriously, will you?”
“Hey, look!” The first bear pointed.
The troopers noticed a boy lying on the ground, unconscious, as they rushed over to inspect him.
“I wonder what happened to him...” The second bear muttered.
“Hey, wait, I recognize that guy... isn’t he one of Ruth’s friends?” The first one mentioned.
“Well, now that you mention it, it might be!”
“What should we do now?”
Before the second bear could think up an answer, he noticed something out of the corner of his eye.
 “Hey, wait a minute, look over there. Is that a Trachychelomoloch?” He pointed at the dinosaur,  which also laid on the ground a couple of feet from the human boy.
“Whoa, it is! What happened? Is it still alive?” The first bear inquired.
Just then, some grunts got their attention as they turned to see the boy waking up. As he adjusted his glasses and straightened his clothes a bit, Antonio looked around the area.
“Oh, you’re awake.” The first bear walked over to give him a hand. “Are you alright?”
“Yeah, fine, I suppose...” Antonio replied weakly, grabbing his hand and getting up from the ground.
“Hey, excuse me, but did you kill that dinosaur over there?” The second bear asked. “Or did you at least have something to do with—?”
“Say what? No, I didn’t do anything!” Antonio interrupted, quick to defend himself. He walked over to the dinosaur that was a short distance away. “How did this happen?”
“How should we know? And why were you even out here in the first place?”
“I needed to go to the bathroom.”
“What does that—?”
“Well, at least, you’re ok.” The first bear interrupted. “Come on; let’s go tell everybody.”
“Sounds like a plan.” Antonio nodded in agreement.
“Now, hopefully, we can find our way back...”
.-.-.-.
Amy and some Bears placed their feet in the water. They looked down below for any herbs in the ground. Maggie took off her shoes and followed suit. The water felt nice and cold, but this wasn’t a time to enjoy the waters. They had to find that last herb before it’s too late. 
Everyone had been searching for a while now, and nobody could find the right one they needed for the medicine. None of the colors seemed to match what they needed. How could anyone tell which was which when all the herbs blended into the water so perfectly?
Finally, after what felt like hours had passed, one of the bear troopers declared he had found it. He snatched the right one from beneath the water. After checking to make sure, everyone celebrated. The celebration was temporary though, as the loch ness monster rose out of the water yet again, completely awake.  
Everybody ran out of the water, but one. An Orso Looba found the herb in the first place, who stood the furthest from the shore. He got so stricken with fear that he let go of the plant, and he fell back into the water.
The others turned to find the Loch Ness, about to reach for the bear, just as he went back to retrieve the Spearmint from where he had dropped it.
“No!” Ruth called out. 
He and the other Bears rushed down the hill toward the water again to defend their counterpart from the monster’s attack.
Maggie quickly searched for her red bag and found it beside her shoes. She opened the flap and took out the first two things she saw: a pebble and a yellow crystal. The Bears shut their eyes, preparing for the worst. Maggie was about to throw the glass shard toward the lake.
The loch ness stopped its advance and just stared at everyone. The Orso Loobas opened their eyes as the monster just stood there. A sound rang in Maggie’s ears and looked over at Amy playing a tune on a small flute. After she finished, the creature bowed its head down in understanding and slowly disappeared back into the lake. Everyone walked toward Amy with eyes widening and mouths gaping in total disbelief.
“What did you do?” One bear asked.
“I communicated with it,” Amy explained. “It’s the guardian of the Whispering Expanse. I told it about the situation and that we’re not bad guys.”
“And what was its response?”
“It said we could take one Viper Spearmint from the waters for our journey, but only one.”
Maggie rolled her eyes and shook her head in dismay. “Well, that’s great and all, but why didn’t you do that earlier?”
“Yeah, because I can do stuff like that under pressure...?” Amy muttered in sarcasm.
“Hey, you guys!” A voice called out from a distance.
“What is it?” Ruth questioned. 
He noticed more bear troopers had come back from the forest along with another human kid.
“We’ve returned, and we found your friend.” The first soldier replied.
“Sweet, good job, troops.” Ruth complimented.
Antonio sheepishly walked out from behind the Orso Loobas troopers and waved at Maggie, who merely stood there, tapping her foot impatiently and glared at him.
“Why didn’t you tell us you were leaving?” She asked. “And what took you so long?”
“I... had places to be, and I didn’t want to wake you up and have you worry about me...” Antonio admitted, looking down at his feet.
“Well, it’s not ok! It’s because of you that your pal is in critical danger right now!” Maggie pointed out.
“Wait; what? Seriously?” Antonio gasped.
“Don’t worry; we got the last herb needed to complete the recipe!” Ruth announced.
“Well, what are we doing here? We got to hurry and get back to Tommy ASAP!” Antonio exclaimed.
.-.-.-.
Meanwhile, Dakota rode in her Renegade car toward a big hotel. She pulled over to a parking lot and got out of the vehicle, cautiously inspecting her surroundings. It was nighttime, and the surroundings had a relaxed vibe. 
‘Sunny Horizon Resort and Spa’, the large sign above the building, read. 
Is this the place Tommy’s staying in? She thought to herself. I hope I’m not too late. I better hurry!
She entered the hotel, only to find tons of people crowding the lobby, looking to be students in a state of unrest and panic. A counselor that wore a yellow-green hat stood on a box in front of everyone, trying to calm them down.
“Now everybody, calm down, please. We’ll figure things out!” He exclaimed, raising his arms.
“What should we do?” One citizen asked in a panicked state.
“I’m scared. What will happen to us? Will anything bad happen to us?” Another questioned.
“I’m not sure...” A third muttered.
Dakota stepped further into the lobby and made her way past the bystanders. She worked her way through the busy crowd of people in the lobby to get to the counselor and speak with him face to face.
“Um, excuse me? What’s going on here?” She looked up and asked. “Have you seen my nephew?”
The man noticed her and walked over with a worried look on his face.
“Hi, it's nice to see you here, Miss Europe.” The counselor greeted, extending his hand in greeting. She shook his hand gently in response.
“I received that call on the phone. Do you have any idea what happened?”
“Well, your kid and his friend went off to someplace, and they haven’t been back since, even though we told them to meet back here before dark.”
“That’s horrible!” She gasped in shock. “Did you check everywhere for them?”
“They must’ve gotten lost or something. We’re doing all that we can, so...”
“Why didn’t you watch them more carefully?” Dakota grabbed the man by the shirt collar and rocked him. The crowd gasped, watching the scene unfold. “Why didn’t you keep a better eye on those two?” She let the counselor go and stormed off to the main entrance, getting through the crowd in her way. “I got to go find my baby and nothing will—”
“Wait!” The counselor shouted after her. “Where will you look? Do you have any idea where they could be?”
Dakota froze in place before she got to the door. As the words lingered around in her head, she looked down on the ground with her head hung low. She had no idea what to do at the moment. Dakota wanted to help find her nephew, but didn’t know where he could be. She didn’t want to sit back and do nothing, while the closest she had to a family might be in danger.
“Wait, we haven’t checked everywhere just yet.” A voice called out.
Dakota and the counselor glanced around the lobby, wondering who had spoken those words. Finally, a woman stepped up to reveal herself to the two, as the area fell silent, and people stepped aside. She adjusted her glasses and moved a black curl that seemed out of place from her hair before continuing where she had left off.
“I had just thought about it, but I know one place they could be in. I highly doubt any of you checked there...”
“Well, can you tell us where it is, then?” The counselor asked.
“Does anyone have a map? I feel it’d be better if I showed you myself.”
“Oh, ok, then. Thanks for the help, Miss?”
“Call me Anita. Now let's get moving. Time is of the essence here.”
.-.-.-.
Back at the unknown lands, Ruth and the others had made it back to the Orso Looba village. Ruth ran to see his father, the chief, who had been eagerly awaiting their arrival in the room with Tommy, still lying down motionless. 
After Ruth had shown him the last ingredient used to make the medicine, Amy offered to help them in creating the elixir. The two agreed as Maggie and Antonio waited outside for the process to finish.
The two had stayed silent for a while as they heard muffling inside the hut. Neither of them were sure what to say or do at this point besides wait. 
Antonio glanced at Maggie, who stared at the ground with her hands in her pockets. Antonio cleaned his glasses with his shirt and cleared his throat while Maggie paid no attention to him. The curiosity peaked its toll on Antonio. Finally, sick of the silence, he struck up a conversation and asked Maggie a question to free his mind from thinking.
“Um, do you think Tommy will be ok?” He asked, twiddling his fingers.
“Of course, he better...” Maggie muttered in response.
It didn’t work; the response just made Antonio worry even more. He couldn’t stop thinking about the situation at hand. Antonio shut his eyes, wishing that he didn’t leave and make his friend all worried. Maybe Tommy wouldn’t have been in that mess in the first place if Antonio had just stayed put or told them where he was going. However, he felt that telling them would have made the others worry more if he had said anything about what he was doing or where he went.
“I need to apologize,” Antonio murmured, staring at his hands.
“Why?” Maggie asked, turning to him. “You didn’t do anything—”
“That’s precisely the point!” He snapped. “I should’ve been there for him, but instead, I...”
“Calm down; I’m sure he’ll forgive you if you just—”
“No, he probably won’t! Do you know anything about Tommy? You can’t even get his name, right!” Antonio roared. 
The area got quiet again as the words sunk in both of their ears. Antonio realized what he had said and saw Maggie’s mouth gaped open. 
“...Um, I...” He tried to say something to counteract the last sentence, but the words wouldn't come out. He, too, was speechless about what he had just said.
Before the situation could get worse, Ruth slammed the door open as he rushed outside. “Guys, come inside quick!” He exclaimed.
.-.-.-.
Fearing the worst, Maggie and Antonio rushed inside the hut to see what happened and why the bear got all worked up.
The three stumbled across Tommy, still resting on the bed. They turned to Ruth, wondering if it was a success or not.
“So, is he ok? Did he make it out alive?” Maggie asked, shaking the Orso Looba.
“Why... yes, yes he did!” Ruth chirped.
Tommy slowly opened his eyes and twitched his fingers. He noticed everyone watched over him as they all gasped in shock and joy. 
“Hey guys, sorry I got you all worried about me...” He answered weakly.
“Thank God, you’re alright!” Maggie sighed in relief. 
“Tommy, I...” Antonio tried to hold back the tears in his eyes as he tried to find the right words to finish his sentence.
“It’s ok; there’s no need to be so hard on yourself,” Tommy replied, as he turned to Maggie. “Also, thank you.”
“For what?” Maggie asked.
“For making sure I was safe and sound, and getting the cure for me. I’m grateful, and I appreciate it...”
“Oh, it was nothing...” She muttered, looking away.
Tommy tried to get up, but Ruth stepped in to remind him he just got healed and needed to rest up. Tommy sighed in defeat as he plopped back down onto his pillow, too tired to protest. Maggie mentioned it was still nighttime and that they should sleep until the sun came back up. 
The Orso Loobas prepared beds for Maggie and Antonio, while Amy quietly pondered that the gem collecting would have to wait another day before leaving through the back door, without anyone noticing her exit.
.-.-.-.
Meanwhile, back at the labs, Samuel continued to work on the computer keyboards. The monitor screen stayed in complete static, and he didn’t know why it happened or how to get back on again. Mandy walked over and noticed how frustrated the man grew.
“What’s going on?” She asked.
“I somehow can’t get into contact with Antonio!” Sam exclaimed, clenching his fists.
“Did we lose him or the computer again?”
“I don’t know. Right now I’m looking to find out...”
Mandy’s eyes widened, overhearing faint noises that came from outside. “D—Did you hear that?”
“I think?” Sam replied, not losing focus on the blank screen in front of him. “Could you go check out the source for me?”
“What? But why me?” Mandy asked.
“I’m kind of busy at the moment, checking for the sources of my nephew. You had nothing better to do, right?”
“I guess so. Fine, I’ll go.”
“Be careful, if anything bad happens, hurry back here.”
“Alright.” Mandy bowed her head and walked off.
Antonio, where are you? Sam thought to himself, the screen reflecting on his glasses.
.-.-.-.
The counselor advised the students to stay in their rooms for the time being until they could get things settled and find the missing kids. He, Dakota, and Anita followed the coordinates from the map to where Tommy and Antonio supposedly were.
I hope the poor boy is alright. Dakota thought, looking down at her hands and holding them to her chest.
They soon arrived at their destination, called The Arching Caves. The three entered the place as it appeared to be empty, with nobody else in sight.
“So, is this the right place?” The counselor asked, looking around the area.
“Yes,” Anita replied, adjusting her glasses. “Shall we explore and find—?”
“But it’s closed for the day.”
She turned to him and creased her eyebrow. “No, you don’t say?”
“But wait, why would Tommy and his friend come here, of all places?” Dakota mentioned, trying to keep up with the lady.
“Well, you see, my kid knows a certain someone that works here.” Anita pointed over at the door next to a cone that’s opened just a crack. “Do you see that passage? Because that’s where we need to go.”
“But that doesn’t look safe...”
“It may be dark and damp down there, and we may have to walk quite a while, but don’t you want to see your kid?”
“Of course!” Dakota exclaimed, without hesitation.
“Of course you do,” Anita looked back at the door and motioned her to follow. “Let’s get going.”

































Episode 11


Tommy opened his eyes and saw Ruth and his father watching over him as if waiting for him and the others to wake up from their slumber.
“Good to see you’ve finally woken up,” Ruth said.
“Huh?” Tommy looked over as the sun shone and pierced through the windows. “How long have we been sleeping for?”
“Throughout the entire morning.” The Orso Looba replied. “That must’ve been a nice nap.”
“Oh, wow, he’s right.” Antonio chimed in, checking his watch after waking up. “It’s already around noon...”
“Why didn’t you wake us up earlier, though?” Tommy questioned Ruth.
“You guys looked so peaceful sleeping,” He responded with a slight shrug. “We weren’t watching you sleep the whole time, though. We just wanted to check up on you.”
“Well, now, are you at least feeling better?” The chief asked, sitting across from the others.
Tommy nodded and smiled in response. “Sure am.”
“That’s great to hear. Now don’t push yourself too hard, ok?”
“Ok.”
He got up and went over to wake Maggie up, still out cold from the previous day’s adventures. 
Eventually, she awoke and got up from her resting place, stretching her arms and rubbing her eyes.
During this, Ruth tipped toed closer to his father and tapped him on the shoulder, trying to get his attention. 
“Hey, father, there was something I was wondering...” Ruth started.
“What is it?”
“Can I go with them on their journey?”
“Why do you ask, Ruth?”
“Well, I want to help them out in any way I can.”
“But our troops have gotten mysteriously ill, so they won’t be able to protect you...”
“No need to worry about that. I got my new friends by my side.”
Antonio was about to protest, but Maggie and Tommy agreed the bear could come along. Antonio kept silent since he knew it was two against three. It also dawned on him that Amy wasn’t present at all.
“Hey, where’s Amy? Where did she go?”
“Oh, that strange woman? She left.” The chief replied, pointing at the exit.
“Why do you want to know what happened to her?” Maggie asked. 
Antonio looked away, unsure of how to respond to such a question.
“We’re still getting those gems, right?” Tommy spoke up. “That’s our only means of finding a way out of here quickly.”
“Wait, seriously?” Maggie asked, her brows furrowed. “Are you sure about this?”
“Yeah, well, I still don’t trust Amy, but it’s not like we have any other option.” Tommy extended his hand, waiting for her to grab on to it. “And besides, don’t you want to find those life crystals? I’m sure we can find them while going on the scavenger hunt.”
Maggie paused while looking at his hand.
Life crystals. 
The words appeared to ring inside her head. Maggie grabbed Tommy’s hand and pulled herself out of bed. 
“Yeah, I do.” She replied.
“Then, let’s do this!”
“Do be careful, team.” The chief advised. “We’ll keep an eye out for Miletis while you’re away.”
“Roger that!” Everyone but Antonio saluted. He just rolled his eyes and sighed.
.-.-.-.
The team saw that Ringo and Riley waited patiently outside the huts. The two had woken up from their slumber upon hearing the others coming their way. Tommy and Maggie got up on Ringo’s purple back while Antonio and their newly appointed team member, Ruth, got on Riley’s back. They rode off, trying to search for the trail Antonio made from them to follow and get back to the pylon.
As Tommy held onto the Thescelotitan around its neck, he couldn’t help but notice his friend feel forlorn. Seeing Antonio’s head hung low, he called out to him. 
“Hey, Antonio?”
“Yeah?” He looked over at Tommy in confusion.
“I’ve noticed; you seem to be down a lot lately...”
“Oh, have I? I didn’t notice...”
“He probably wants to see his lover again...” Maggie teased, covering her mouth to hide her grin.
“Ooh.” Ruth chimed, interested in knowing what would happen next.
“Hey, that’s not true!” Antonio pouted, looking away.
“Is something wrong?” Tommy asked with concern.
“Well— no, I’m fine!”
“Are you sure?”
“I... said I’m fine; stop worrying about me!”
“Oh... ok, then?”
“Hey, I got an idea.” Maggie interrupted. “Why don’t we use the crystal radar to contact that crazy lady?”
“Wait, it can do that?” Tommy questioned.
“Well, yeah, I’ve done it before.” She replied. “Besides, maybe she can give us a quicker or safer route to the obelisk. What do you think?”
“It’s worth a shot, I suppose.” Tommy shrugged.
As the two tinkered around with the device, the dinosaurs stopped moving, and Ruth noticed something in the distance. 
“Uh, guys, look over there.”
The pylon stood proud and tall, just up ahead.
However, a big yellow creature with two heads walked around, as if guarding the entrance. Everyone by Ruth stepped back, thinking they had seen the dinosaur before, but couldn’t put their fingers on it.
“It’s a Dilophotitan!” Ruth deduced.
“Huh? You know what that is?” Maggie asked the bear.
“Yeah, it’s an exceedingly rare creature. What it lacks in strength, it more than makes up for—”
“Is there any way to beat it?” Tommy inquired.
“Well,” Ruth tapped his chin. “We outnumber that yellow dinosaur, so maybe if we find a way to—”
Dilophotitan noticed the team from afar and forcefully knocked down the pylon right out of the ground.
As the two-headed dinosaur pushed the monolith onto its side, Maggie held onto Ringo tight and whispered into its ear, telling it to go to the entrance and retrieve it back. As the dinosaur lurched forward, Tommy couldn’t hold on tight enough and fell off the Thescelotitan’s back.
When he got back up, he noticed that Maggie and Ringo leaped over the Diplophotitan, making it over to the fallen monolith and out of sight.
Once Maggie reached the fallen monument, the ground shook violently. The earth split apart and kept the girl, the dinosaur, and the obelisk separated. Seeing the tower drifting away from them, Ringo leaped to latch onto the ground that carried the pylon. 
Maggie climbed up on Ringo to reach the top safely, but looked back and discovered the danger it got in. Panic fell onto her face.
“Ringo, come on! Climb back up!” She cried out, extending her hand. “You can do it, please hang on and don’t let go!”
Without warning, the grounds shifted again. Ringo fell up and over onto the platforms due to the slingshot motion of the ground platform. Maggie and Ringo slid down the grassy embankment until they came upon a sloped hill and flew off like going over a ramp.
“Oh no, we got to help her!” Tommy exclaimed upon seeing the chaos from afar.
“I don’t think there’s much we do since they’re so far away...” Ruth recalled. “It’s too dangerous right now.” 
“But isn’t there anything we can do?”
“Besides staying back and staying safe? Not sure...”
Tommy looked over and saw that the yellow dinosaur was now on a higher level plain. He clenched his fists and walked away from the group, feeling the need to clear his head. Then Tommy ran toward the edge of the cliff and leaped. Fortunately, he reached onto the same ledge edge as the Dilophotitan. Ruth and Antonio gasped. It looked like Tommy and the two-headed dinosaur would face off on top of the platform. One head roared, prompting the other to join in. 
Tommy wasn’t sure of why the Dilophotitan did that until he looked down from where he stood. The bushes below them rattled violently. 
Antonio, Ruth, and Riley also heard the noises and looked over, only to find a red Leucoplocerex jump out of the bushes and ran towards them. Shivers fell from their spines but made a mad dash to try and get away from the red dinosaur.
The distraction nearly worked; from the corner of Tommy’s eye, the yellow dinosaur swerved its massive head over to attack. He jumped out of the way as the dinosaur continued attempting to push him off using their heads. After he ducked under them, the Dilophotitan went to the edge of a platform and stomp around it, causing the ground to topple side to side. Tommy tried his best to balance himself and not fall. The Dilophotitan rushed back to the center, observing as Tommy ran around the edges, trying to provoke the monster to chase after him.
Meanwhile, Ruth, Antonio, and Riley ran for their lives, trying to avoid getting attacked by the Leucoplocerex when they came to a dead-end in the form of a mountainside. The three turned as the red dinosaur crept up on them slowly. Nowhere left to run, and it knew that. 
Antonio looked over at his backpack and searched inside it. He reached to grab a crystal with his hand when Ruth tapped him on the shoulder.
“I got an idea. I don’t have time to explain it, but follow my lead.” Ruth whispered. The Leucoplocerex charged right after them at full speed. “Now, split up!” He shouted. 
Antonio and Riley rushed out in opposite directions, leaving the Orso Looba standing there, with his back against the wall and his eyes squarely centered on the dinosaur.
As the big L-rex rushed over, readying its jaws, Ruth gulped hard and leaped into the air just before the Rex could snatch him in his jaws. The dinosaur hit the wall hard, leaving cracked and splintered walls as proof. Ruth’s feet landed on the dinosaur’s head, trying to keep balance on top before falling back on his backside. He slid across its back before eventually flying off the end and landing perfectly on the back of the pink Thescelotitan.
Antonio couldn’t believe what he had witnessed. Never had he seen such nonsense yet brilliance at the same time. It seemed too absurd to work, but somehow the odds were in their favor! 
“Quick, we need to get out of here before—”
The Leucoplocerex got up from the impact and shook its head before turning to face the others. The red dinosaur smiled with an evil grin as it carefully approached them once more. The grounds and mountains shook once more, and several large boulders fell from the mountaintop onto the Leucoplocerex’s head.  
Ruth, Riley, and Antonio stopped long enough to investigate whether it intended to pursue them again, but the dinosaur stopped moving.
“Serves it right...” Antonio muttered under his breath.
Tommy saw his friends face off the monster below and lost sight of where he walked, causing him to lose balance and fall off the platform. He grabbed onto the ledge, trying to pull himself back up with all his might. There, the Dilophotitan stood over him with those soul-piercing orange eyes.
“What? Do you have any more obstacles to throw at us?” Tommy taunted it, trying to sound brave through his petrified face. “We can take on anything you guys can throw at us, so whatever you— huh?”
But the yellow dinosaur just stood there, looking at him. It didn’t stomp on its feet, attack, or send out more attacks. The two heads on the dinosaur just looked at one another for a moment, then closed their eyes. They enveloped a strange blinding light that made Tommy have to turn his eyes away from it. 
When his eyes opened again, he found that the dinosaur and platform vanished, the surrounding area had already shifted to normal, and Tommy landed safe and sound on the ground.
“Tommy, are you alright?” Antonio asked, having caught up to where he was, along with Ruth and Riley.
“Yeah, I think so,” Tommy replied, stretching his legs. “But what just happened?”
“I don’t know, to be honest. Even the boulder and red dinosaur seemed to have vanished.”
“I see. Wait, what about Maggie? Is she ok?”
“I think she’s over there.” Ruth guessed by pointing in a direction. The group wasted no time and rushed over to find the whereabouts of her and Ringo.
.-.-.-.
Tommy, Antonio, Ruth, and Riley slid down across the hill and saw Maggie with Ringo and the pylon in one piece. The platform that had surrounded them conveniently formed into a hole that buried itself. 
As Maggie and Ringo sat, wondering what to do, they looked over and saw the other party arrived to check up on them. Riley and Ringo joyfully reunited while Maggie went to check up on the guys.
“Is that you? Are you ok?” Maggie called out from a distance.
“Yeah, we are,” Tommy replied sheepishly.
“That’s great to hear! So, uh, whatever happened to that...?”
“Beats me, not sure if we’ll ever see it again...”
“What do you mean?”
“It’s just a feeling, I suppose?” Tommy shrugged in confusion. He wasn’t sure what happened, either.
“Well, we can finally go towards the pylon,” Ruth mentioned. “So, let’s get moving!”
“But wait,” Maggie stopped him. “What about Ringo and Riley? They won’t be able to fit in there.”
Tommy's face lit up as he had an idea. “Maybe they can just wait here until we come back?”
“They could escort us back to our village and guard it until we return,” Ruth added.
“Well, I don’t know, only if they’re ok with it...” Maggie pondered. She looked over at the Thescelotitans. “What do you think?” Ringo and Riley nodded in agreement, which made the girl sigh with content. “Alright then, please be careful, we’ll be back real soon,” Maggie told them with a smile.
.-.-.-.
Upon entering the second pylon, Ruth’s jaw slacked down in utter shock at the scenery. 
“Wow, this looks a lot bigger and hollow than it does on the outside...”
“Uh, huh.” Antonio rolled his eyes, not impressed with what the bear had to say.
The Orso Looba ignored him and continued to explore with awe. Eventually, the group found the control pad. Ruth studied the device. 
“So the legends were true, this does exist!”
“’Legends’? You know about this?” Tommy glanced at the bear and asked.
“Well, yeah, I knew about this from my gran...” Ruth’s voice trailed off before he could finish the sentence. As the bear noticed, everyone looked at him in confusion. He scratched the back of his head and sighed. “Uh, never mind. Sorry, I didn’t mean to make things awkward.”
“It’s ok,” Maggie replied, patting him on the back.
Tommy and Maggie both activated the portal using the gem control panel. Almost everyone got ready to jump into the vortex. Antonio stood there briefly, staring at the palm of his hand, sighing to himself. That feeling of being the third wheel increased in the back of his mind. Did he do anything to help? Did Tommy even know he was there? Antonio didn’t have time to ponder that. There were priorities to take care of. He put that aside and left to join the others.
.-.-.-.
Antonio, Ruth, Maggie, and Tommy all arrived out of the portal and landed on some rocky terrain. There seemed to be a lot of craters and cracks on the ground they stood on. Covered with a thick, low-lying fog that obscured most of the surrounding area, there was no telling what other things got hidden by the mist.
Ruth had a hunch he had seen this place before, as it looked familiar to him. The others, meanwhile, had no clue where they were.
Before the crew could take a single step, they all noticed the flying dinosaurs above them in the sky, launching themselves downward. The four ducked out of the way just before the dinosaurs could snatch and grab them in their sharp feet.
“Whoa, that was close...” Tommy sighed in relief.
“Uh oh, we need to keep moving,” Ruth warned them, looking up. “Those Echinosauropteryx don’t look friendly...”
“So, that’s what they are?” Maggie asked.
“Yeah, pretty sure that’s what they are,”
Maggie checked on her crystal radar and saw that the device didn’t make lights or sounds. There was no standing around if the signal didn’t go off.
“W—We better tread carefully,” Antonio said worriedly. “Those seem very suspicious.”
“Yeah, I’ll say,” Tommy replied. “One false move, and we could end up in their nest, or worse...”
Antonio felt relieved that, for the first time in a while, his friend agreed with him on something and didn’t ignore his warning.
As everyone walked around, one of them couldn’t help but hear some strange sounds. Tommy looked down on the ground; the four stood on as it was breaking apart. Before he could tell the news to the others, everyone ended up falling through the field.
.-.-.-.
As the four fell, they screamed at the top of their lungs, finding it to be a long way down. Just as quickly, however, they stopped falling. Tommy, Maggie, Antonio, and Ruth all opened their eyes and looked down, appearing to be hovering in mid-air. 
The group found themselves above large spikes on the ground below, but they had stopped moving toward them. Once the panic resolved, they could see how vast the entire place was. Were they inside a mountain that was also a cave?
“I remember this place now,” Ruth recalled. “This is the Vast Hollows!”
“Say what?” Tommy gasped. “So judging by the name, you mean we’ll be here for a while?”
“Yeah, we’re going to have a hard time finding the exit to this place.”
“But how do we get out of this situation?” Antonio asked while panicking.
Maggie proposed an idea shortly after. “Well, since we have no clue which is a path, how about we make a trace?” She suggested.
“But what could we use for that?” Antonio inquired.
“Do you still have some rocks in your bag?”
“Huh? Why would I—?”
“I know.” Tommy interrupted. “Maybe we can use some of our food pellets.”
“But that would be such a waste of food!” Antonio complained.
“Do you have any better ideas?” Maggie asked.
“Well, um...” Antonio pondered.
“I swear, if you say anything involving bodily fluids, I will...”
“That didn’t even cross my mind! Why would I—?”
“Guys, let’s focus on leaving, ok?” Ruth asked nicely, trying to keep his composure.
The two agreed, but turned their heads away from each other. Tommy grew perplexed by the situation. Why were they not getting along now? He realized Ruth was right and they should focus on finding a way out. 
Tommy proclaimed that they should only use small amounts of food. He dropped small increments and checked which ones stayed up and which ones fell to the spikes below. The group carefully treaded on the pathways that supported the food droppings and avoided the fall to their doom. 
Eventually, everyone made it to the other side of the vast expanse and onto the safe and visible ground.
“We made it!” Tommy cheered, jumping and raising his fists.
“Yeah, for now,” Maggie added. “We should stick together when going through this; getting separated now might not be a good idea.”
“Especially considering that this place is huge!” Antonio exclaimed, his echo booming in the cave.
As they walked on to find an exit, the four came across a fork in the road, multiple pathways that lead to unknown darkness.
“So, where do we go now?” Tommy asked.
“Do we have to go in one of these?” Antonio inquired.
“We might have to...”
“It’s between those two.” Ruth pointed out.
“Wait, how can you tell?” Maggie asked, raising an eyebrow skeptically.
“We Orso Loobas have great night vision and can see things from a great distance. These two have similar paths. However, the others are dead ends.”
“Huh, that’s impressive.” Maggie nodded in approval. “But how will we know which one we—?”
“Hey, I got an idea of how we can settle this!” Antonio looked up and pointed at the ceiling. “Do you see that light that we just made over there?”
“Yeah, what about it?” Tommy pondered.
“If we can use that light to reflect it over to one path, we can see how far they go. That way, we can spot the difference and go in the right direction!”
“Hmm, that just might work,” Ruth replied with a nod.
“And how are we supposed to do that?” Maggie asked, tilting her head in confusion.
“Don’t underestimate me,” Antonio said with a smug grin, adjusting his glasses. 
He proudly took out his glasses and leaned over against a ledge to get the sunlight to reach them. The light beam shined through as it bounced off the spectacles. It entered one pathway and revealed an emblem just above the door. The light touched the symbol on the door, causing it to move to the side and open.
“Whoa, unbelievable. Nice work, Antonio!” Tommy complimented his friend.
“Wow, thanks, Tommy. It was nothing much, though,” Antonio replied sheepishly.
“But now we can keep going and see what lies ahead. It’s great to have you back, man.” 
“Huh? What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I’m saying I’m glad you’re back to yourself...”
“You’re telling me I’m not like that either?”
“Maybe...”
“Why you—”
Antonio chased Tommy around, complete with playful fighting and laughing, not feeling like this for so long.
Maggie interrupted them both by saying that they needed to check something out from the opened doors. The four glanced over as a glowing aqua-colored light peered through the darkness. 
As they continued to press forward, they came across some crystal-coated mine carts sitting quietly near rail tracks, with the ceiling having wires hanging and dangling from it.
“Interesting,” Ruth said, scratching his chin. “They might take us out of here if we’re lucky, so let’s hop in.”
“But wait, why are they shiny looking?” Antonio questioned. He wasn’t too fond of getting into those intimidating mine carts. “And who’s pushing the carts for us? Those vehicles don’t seem to be very light.”
“I will. We may not look like it, but Orso Loobas are vigorous and reliable. Hang on.”
Tommy and Maggie entered a mine cart while Antonio and Ruth went to the other one. As promised, the bear pushed the vehicles over to the tracks. Once he had momentum going in his cart, he jumped in. The carts hovered off the ground momentarily as the suspending wires gently guided them onto the tracks.
As Tommy, Maggie, Antonio, and Ruth rode on the carts, they enjoyed watching the dazzling display of color that moved past them. Glowing crystals attached from the ceiling, walls, and floors, each of them being a variety of hues and saturation. They were much more prominent and shinier looking compared to the ones from before.
Maggie wondered if perhaps those shards could help. She pondered about reaching from inside her cart to at least touch one of them and see if she could use their powers for their own benefit, but Tommy advised against this. She might topple the cart over or could get hurt. Maggie thought about it and sighed in defeat, staying in the vehicle and pouting.
Just then, with no warning, the wagons wobbled and made loud creaking sounds. Tommy saw that Maggie wasn’t the cause. What caused the vehicles to act up? Were they too heavy? Are the carts too old to capacitate and operate anymore? The wires on the wagons snapped, leaving the mine carts to move at colossal speed and with no way to control. 
The mine cars swerved around on different tracks as they tried their best to hang on. Ruth lost his balance and fell off of the mine cart, landing on the one with Tommy and Maggie. The three of them were now crammed into a single small cart as Antonio’s cart started heading for an unfinished track straight off the cliff.
Everyone panicked as the tracks intertwined for a short while. Maggie squeezed herself out of the cart and extended her arms so Antonio could grab hold. Antonio looked over in confusion.
“Come on, take my hands, and jump!” Maggie shouted.
“I don’t know if I can make it!” Antonio whined, clinging onto the edges of the cart.
“Just hurry, and I’ll catch—” 
He leaned out toward her outstretched arms when a bump caused her to fall off her cart and land squarely in the cart that Antonio rode in. The wagons and tracks separated again as they neared the end of the tracks.
“Maggie, Antonio!” Tommy and Ruth cried out as they saw the other cart fly off the tracks while their friends tried desperately to hang on their cart as they fell. 
“NOO!” Tommy screamed in despair.
Ruth looked over at what’s in front of them and panicked once more. “Oh no, we better hang on tightly because this is going to be a rough—”
Before the bear could finish, the two entered a drop. It felt like the mine cart was a wild roller coaster with no seat belts. The tracks went in zigzags, loop de loops, and long drops until the paths disappeared altogether. The two held on for dear life as they both tumbled and fell into the dark abyss.

Episode 12


The mine cart toppled over to its side as it came to a complete stop. Tommy and Ruth crawled out of the wagon and rested on the polished floor. The bear looked up and saw how far they fell. The distance, while not a sizeable gap, still seemed to be significant at first glance, meaning they had sustained minimal damage.
“How... did we end up here? And where are we?” Tommy questioned while rubbing his head.
“I don’t know what to tell you.” Ruth shrugged as he got up and straightened himself out. “But we should go find a way out of here.”
“But what about Maggie and Antonio?”
“I’m sure we’ll find them while searching for a way out of this place. There’s no point in standing here, not accomplishing anything.”
“I hope so.” Tommy got up, brushed the dust off his clothes, and fixed his hair. Next, he took out his phone and tried to enable the flashlight feature on it. When he finally got it to work, the two headed out.
Abruptly, the ground below them crumbled apart again, as Tommy and Ruth fell once more. The distance wasn’t as significant as last time, as they fell through the cracked floors and landed softly in the riverbed.
Tommy and Ruth got up from the fall and noticed how different the area looked. Lush light green grass, yellow flowers surrounding the river bed, and a small light reflected the pool from the ceiling.
“Now, where are we?” Tommy asked. This falling stuff is getting old!
“Oh, this must be the ‘Isolated Sanctuary,’” Ruth replied.
“Great, so we’re even more stuck.” Tommy rolled his eyes.
Right away, he noticed something from the corner of his eyes, a small green light emerging from behind the flowerbeds. Ruth perceived this too, so they both got up and went to inspect. 
The two pulled back the flower bed that covered the light and came across some small crystal-shaped gems lying on the grass, effortlessly blending in with the environment.
Ruth picked one up and observed the object. “What’s this? I don’t think I’ve seen it before...”
“Green…” Tommy muttered, his eyes widened upon processing this information. “These must be life crystals!” He picked up a couple to examine them.
“Wait, how do you know about—?”
“Maggie told me about them, so they do exist.” Tommy tried to hold back the tears that formed in his eyes. 
He finally found what Maggie was looking for, but she’s not here to bask in the glory. He clasped his hands together and prayed that she and Antonio were okay.
Ruth took notice of Tommy’s sorrow and went to give his arm a little squeeze. “Are you okay? I’m sorry, but...”
“Don’t worry; I’ll carry on your legacy!” Tommy shouted as he stood tall, as if waiting for a reply.
The Orso Looba jumped back in shock. “You make it sound like the girl is dead! She could still be alive for all we know.”
“But...” He turned back to look at Ruth. “How will we know?”
Before Ruth could answer, some orange and black butterflies entered the room and fluttered all around the two, as if doing an interpretive dance.
“Hey, do you think you could help us find a way out of this place?” He asked nicely.
The butterflies gathered in front of a nearby wall with a gaping hole in the front and formed a line to ensure that they understood before following them.
“I guess they’re going to help us out,” Tommy concluded. 
He put a few crystals into his pocket as he and Ruth hurried to go after the butterflies.
.-.-.-.
Meanwhile, somewhere else, another mine cart fell into a riverbed and eventually sunk to the bottom. Maggie and Antonio pushed out of the cart and swam to the surface, hoping their lungs wouldn’t give out. They both reached land, crawled out of the water, and panted in exhaustion as they caught their breath.
“What... happened?” Antonio asked, rubbing his head. “And where are we?”
Maggie looked around and then sighed. “Aw man, it appears we got separated.”
“Are you serious?”
“We better get going. I hope we didn’t get too far apart from one another.”
Antonio lowered his head, knowing they wouldn’t be in this mess if it weren’t for his cowardice and mistake. “Look, about what you said earlier, I’m sorry I didn’t—”
“It’s fine; nothing we can do about it now.”
The two strolled around the dark and desolate area. They hoped to find an exit, the others, or at least a safe spot to rest. 
Antonio thought about calling for help by shouting out for Tommy, but Maggie informed him that doing so might unintentionally alert dangerous creatures to their presence. Antonio moped for a bit while Maggie led the way with her flashlight.
“Well, I guess this situation could’ve been worse.” Antonio blurted out without warning.
“How so?” Maggie turned her head to face him while walking.
“I could’ve been stuck with that lousy bear.” Antonio lowered his head and muttered.
Maggie stopped moving, which prompted him to stop as well. “What did he ever do to you?” She questioned.
 “Well, what do you have against my uncle?” Antonio retorted, standing his ground.
“I don’t know; I asked you first!”
“You don’t know?” He asked, his voice sounding calmer.
“Um, I...” She took a deep breath to calm herself down before continuing. “Those two, Sam and Mandy,”
“You remembered their names?”
“Yeah, but still, they were there when that explosion occurred. They didn’t prevent the explosion from happening, do anything to stop or look at anything that might seem dangerous, or treat his—”
“Were you there when this happened?”
“No, I only heard about it from—”
“Then, why? Did you assume? Not all scientists are—”
“Shut it, they were the—” Maggie’s voice faded. She knew she wasn’t winning this argument. “Look, I...” She turned and continued to walk away slowly. “I guess I didn't think straight after hearing the news. I was so distraught and took my anger out on both of them.”
Antonio hurriedly followed suit after her. “That’s pretty messed up if you ask me.”
“Maybe I’ve been too harsh on those two scientists. When I get the crystal, and my dad cured, I’ll hear those guys out, and apologize for my actions. But don’t tell anyone I said that. I want it to be a surprise.”
“You have my word,” Antonio responded. Not that I can do that regardless, but at least— No, this isn’t the time to think about that right now. 
As they continued to move forward, however, he thought about bringing up another topic of interest. 
“Hey, Maggie, I have a question for you.”
“Um, ok? Lay it on me.” Maggie replied.
“Now, imagine, say, I found a drawing, or a mural, all the way back in the pyramid. And, in that room with the painting, there were drawings, or carvings, of the Orso Loobas and Miletis.”
“Huh? Is that from an actual picture or—?”
“Now hear me out. What if it had the bears starting the attack, and both sides had multiple personas?”
“What have you been reading? Maybe you were looking at some prophecy or prediction?”
“Well, do you believe something like that could happen?”
“Not really,” Maggie shook her head. “I don’t trust dumb prophecies or stuff like that.”
“Oh, I see,” Antonio muttered, disappointed that Maggie didn’t seem interested in what he saw or had to say.
The two continued their search; they both stumbled across the light at the end of the tunnel. Maggie thought about pressing onward, but Antonio mentioned they hadn’t found the others yet and insisted that they go back to search in case those two were still somewhere inside the cave. Maggie also reminded him that neither of them knew where Tommy and Ruth were, so how were they going to start their search?
As they debated returning to find the others, loud noises startled them, as it came from outside. Maggie and Antonio turned, only to find themselves face to face with an Echinosauropteryx, which entered the cave with readied claws. Maggie and Antonio dashed for their lives as the Echinosauropteryx chased them down. 
Antonio tripped on some rocks and fell, dropping his backpack, which emulated a faint purple glow from the impact. As he ran back to retrieve the bag, he looked up and noticed the flying dinosaur closing in on him.  He clutched the backpack and closed his eyes, preparing for the attack. Maggie rushed over to his defense and smacked the dinosaur away with her knapsack, giving them both a small window of time to escape before more of the same Echinos arrived to chase them down.
.-.-.-.
Antonio and Maggie ran back the way they came to find another way out and avoid getting caught by the Echinosauropteryx. As they came closing in on them, the duo looked to the ground as spiders emerged from the ground. Antonio spotted a ladder placed on the side of a cliff that they could climb. Having no other options, Maggie and Antonio jumped onto the ladder to avoid the spiders and get to the higher ground safely. 
“That was close.” Maggie sighed.
“Yeah, but let’s keep going,” Antonio advised.
Now all there was to worry about were those flying dinosaurs. It looked like on the other side of the cliffside, lied a small hole that the two could go through to avoid getting captured. However, they needed to go across a long bridge to get there, making them easy targets for quite a while. 
The two slowly walked on the mahogany-colored bridge with small ropes supporting it.  As they crossed, Maggie couldn’t help but think about the strange item inside Antonio’s bag she had seen when he tripped earlier. 
“Hey, can I ask a question myself?”
“Sure thing?” Antonio replied. 
“It’s about your bag. What’s in that?”
“What? My technology?”
“No, not that. I’m talking about that purple glowing thing. It looked like the glow of a crystal, even though my father never told me about it.”
“Um, maybe it’s not what you think?” Antonio remarked, as his grip tightened on the straps of his backpack.
“Hey, why are you acting like that?” Maggie asked, her eyebrows furrowed.
“N-No reason?” Antonio put on a fake smile and made a small chuckle.
“Are you sure? If it’s not too much of a hassle, can I have a look at it?”
“What? No way!” Antonio protested, clutching the backpack in his arms.
“Fine.” Maggie turned away from him and added, “I guess I’ll wait and tell you-know-who about this.”
“Wait; what?”
“I wonder; do you think they’d suspect your bag? You know something we don’t, isn’t that right?” Maggie teased.
“Alright, I’ll give it to you for a little while, so please stop!” Antonio finally gave in and handed over his backpack to Maggie. 
She peeked through his belongings until she came across the purple glow from before. She wasted no time inspecting the object gleefully while Antonio continuously tapped his foot, waiting for her to finish.
“Wow, this looks super lovely,” Maggie said to herself. “I wonder what powers these…”
“Ok, I think it’s about time you give that back.” Antonio interrupted, twiddling his fingers.
“Aw, but I wasn’t done with it.”
“Please be careful; you have no idea how—”
“What’s your rush? Why do you want me to—?”
“Will you let me—?”
Before the two could finish speaking, Maggie stepped through the floorboards and fell through the bridge. She quickly grabbed the small ropes from the sides of the bridge and hung in midair. The yellow backpack clutched to her feet as she desperately tried not to let go of either the ropes or the bag.
“Hang in there!” Antonio leaned down and shouted.
“What do you think I’m doing?” Maggie retorted.
“Here, throw the bag over. It’d be easier to climb back up without that tangling your feet!”
“But I don’t know if I can—”
“Just hurry!”
Maggie gulped loudly and nodded. She swung her legs back and forth to get good momentum, then threw the bag up toward the edge of the bridge. Antonio grabbed hold of it before it fell back down again. He placed the backpack to the side and reached down to take her hand. Maggie reached and caught hold of him as Antonio pulled her back onto the bridge. 
“Hey, thanks.” Maggie said.
“You’re welcome,” Antonio replied.
“So, what do—?”
Antonio didn’t hear the rest of her words. He looked up, and his eyes widened. 
Before Maggie could turn to see what had frightened him, he pushed her down, shouting, “Look out!” 
Seconds later, a pair of large magenta claws grabbed and whisked Antonio away from the bridge. Maggie watched in horror as the Echinosauropteryx had returned and took Antonio!
“Oh no, hang on!” Maggie called out.
“Uh, I don’t think I have much of a choice!” Antonio whined.
As the dinosaur flew along the bridge, Maggie ran after them, jumping and attempting to grab the yellow backpack that hung below his waist. She succeeded and pulled it towards her against the beast’s pull. Maggie took out the purple crystal, and, not understanding how it worked, she shone it in front of the dinosaur, hoping it would reveal its power. 
The Echinosauropteryx realized the crystal Maggie had in her hand and panicked. It flew faster, trying frantically to free itself from her pull.  It broke free but flew erratically, having difficulty carrying the extra weight, but still refusing to let Antonio go. 
The flying monster crashed head first into the cave wall, disappearing through the stone wall with his cargo still tightly clasped in his claws.
“What... just happened?” Maggie asked herself.
.-.-.-.
Somewhere else, Tommy and Ruth continued to follow the orange and black butterflies that led them to the right path. They appeared to be at another crossroad and pondered over which way to go next.
“What now? Which way do we go?” Ruth asked the butterflies.
The insects gathered around a particular path, and as they gathered in the upper region of the walls, lights powered by crystals lit up. The butterflies then scattered, leaving Tommy and Ruth to walk down the path with the brilliantly lit shards guiding their way.
“Cool, thanks for the help, you guys,” Ruth said, waving at them.
“Yeah, we appreciate it,” Tommy added.
As the two walked down to the end of the path, Tommy couldn’t help but wonder about something: Why were the butterflies helping them out? What did they get out of it? Was it for pity or something else entirely?
As he continued to contemplate the butterflies’ involvement in all this, rumbling that came from the other side of the wall broke his train of thought. They broke open as an Echinosauropteryx charged through with Antonio, still in its clutches.
“What’s going on?!” Tommy yelled out, nearly tripping and falling. His heart pounded as the giant creature flew through the wall right before their eyes.
“Look up there; it’s Andy!” Ruth pointed out.
“My name is not—” Antonio tried to correct him, but got bounced off another wall edge and fell unconscious.
Tommy gasped. “Follow him!”
“What do we do?” Ruth questioned. “If we don’t act now...”
“Maybe I can find something in my bag?”
The Echinosauropteryx flew back down to the path, causing the boulders from the higher regions of the walls to come crashing down. 
The two dodged them as best as they could, trying to keep up with the beast. Unfortunately, the boulders also covered up the path in front of them.
“He rushed over to climb on the rocks and take them out of their path. He threw out some small stones, but soon came across some big ones and couldn't get them out of his way. Tommy soon gave up and sulked in defeat.
“It looks like we’re trapped down here,” Ruth stated.
“Wow, I had no idea.” Tommy rolled his eyes and said sarcastically. “Great observation. What made you come to that conclusion?”
“I just used my eyes to observe the surroundings.”
“Figures.”
“But how do we get out of here now?”
Tommy grew in a panic state, not knowing what to do next. “Oh man, this is bad. I mean, Antonio is alive, but not by much; we have to save him! 
“But if he’s alive, then what about Maggie? We can’t leave her behind, but do we find her first? We don’t know where she could be, and if we split up again, we’ll be further away from everyone and then—”
“Calm down!” Ruth interrupted. “I’m sure we’ll find them; why don’t we go the opposite way that we came in and search from there?”
Tommy inhaled and exhaled to calm himself down before responding again. “Alright, not like we have any other option right about now.”
.-.-.-.
Tommy and Ruth entered another room, which had a heated atmosphere surrounding it. There appeared to be a sizable gray floor with craters, cracks, and small holes plastered all around the floor. There was a big hole up on the ceiling where all the air got carried out. 
As Tommy took his first step, a big geyser rushed out upward abruptly, catching him off guard and making him jump back. 
Ruth couldn’t believe how lucky they were to have avoided a sudden death, and how neither of them noticed those were geysers sooner. Why would the butterflies take them here? Is the way out closer than they realized? 
They traversed the area carefully, trying to avoid coming into contact with any of the erupting hot springs. To them, it felt like walking through a minefield, afraid to touch anything on the ground and getting caught in its devastation.
Luckily, Tommy and Ruth made it across the room without getting hurt. On the other side of the caverns, there appeared to be a significant gap in the wall, as if it was a passage to somewhere else. 
The two also noticed a shadow emerge from the hole as if someone came through; they both readied themselves to defend. The person arising had black hair with a burgundy headband on, and the duo dropped their guard entirely.
“Maggie, you’re ok!” The two exclaimed, rushing over to check up on her.
“Hey, you guys!” Maggie waved as soon as she got to the ground.
“It’s great to see you again,” Tommy greeted. “But how did you get here?”
“It’s a long story, but I’m looking for your friend; he got captured. Have you seen him?”
“No,” Ruth responded somberly. “Not since the Echinosauropteryx trapped us in and took the boy away...”
“No way, that’s unbelievable!” Maggie thundered.
“That’s not even the strangest part,” Ruth mentioned. “The creature acted a lot different than when we first encountered it back up above this place! I’m pretty sure it was the same one we saw from before.”
“Oh, could it be because of...” Maggie reached down into her pocket, pulling out a purple object, and showing it to Tommy and Ruth, “This?” 
The Orso Looba jumped back in horror and gasped loudly.
“That’s a dark crystal!” Ruth exclaimed. “It’s the most dangerous and destructive crystal of all! Where did you find that?”
“It was inside the yellow backpack, but I don’t—”
“But that’s strange. Why would Antonio have such a thing?” Tommy pondered.
“This is bad,” Ruth panicked. “if something like that falls into the wrong hands, who knows what that person could do! They could use this power for horrific purposes! World conquest, mind control, gen—”
“Calm down, now’s not the time to panic.” Tommy interrupted. “This might be the only purple crystal there is, who knows. Maybe he wanted to preserve it and hide it from the enemies? Nevertheless, we need to find Antonio before it’s too late, and something bad happens to him!”
“But how will we know which way to go?”
“Well, knowing that creature you described, it probably went up toward the skies.”
“I got an idea.” Maggie proclaimed, pointing upward. “See that hole up in the ceiling?”
“Yeah, but what about it?” Tommy inquired, not having any clue where she’s going with this. “You don’t think we can get out via that, do you?”
“It’s worth a shot. I’ll get—” Maggie planned to turn around and walk off, but Tommy grabbed her arm to stop her from doing so.
“We shouldn’t split up again!” Tommy warned her.
“What do you want me to do, then? If you follow, we might not find this place again!”
“Well, there’s got to be a better—”
“Guys, we don’t have time to argue!” Ruth exclaimed. “Why don’t we ask the butterflies for help again?”
“Butterflies?” Maggie shook her head, dumbfounded. What a ludicrous idea!
“Yeah.” The bear repeated, nodding his head in agreement. “What did you want to do?”
“Well, I found an empty mine cart that could be useful to us. I was hoping to drag it over here and...”
Just then, the orange and black butterflies showed up again. Gathering around the mine cart, they lift it into the air. The vehicle appeared to be bigger than the ones from before and could comfortably seat all of them.
The butterflies pushed the cart over to a hole where a geyser could pop up any minute now; Tommy, Ruth, and Maggie climbed aboard and prepared to hang on tight.
“Have I pointed out how weird this is getting?” Maggie asked.
“I don’t think so,” Tommy replied. “Are you going to declare that now?”
“Alright, get ready, everyone,” Ruth advised. He turned to the butterflies and nodded. “Thanks for everything.”
The geyser erupted, carrying the mine cart up in the air along with Maggie, Tommy, and Ruth, past the hole up in the ceiling.





















Episode 13


The Echinosauropteryx carried Antonio across the skies until it reached a tall and gigantic nest. The creature dropped him onto the nest right next to some spotted eggs before turning around and flying back. Antonio came to and placed his hand on his head. 
Where am I?
He got up slowly and looked around, noticing the pterodactyl disappeared.
Antonio looked down from the nest, but couldn’t see what was at the bottom because of the tremendous amount of fog surrounding the area. His legs shook, his body covered in sweat, and his heart ricocheted around his ribcage. 
He fell back and crawled over behind an egg, unsure of what to do next in this situation. Antonio accidentally knocked over one, causing it to fall and crack open. Much to his surprise, the contents inside were tiny white crystals. He picked one up and scrutinized them.
Just then, out of the corner of his eye, an enormous geyser rose from the cavern floor, which was a considerable significant distance from the nest, with a mine cart floating above it. The last thing he expected to see in front of him was Tommy, Maggie, and Ruth leaping off the vehicle to the top of the cavern as the geyser went back down. Were they trying to save him? What could they be doing over there?
Antonio stepped back to make sure he didn’t fall off himself. Something vibrated against his back, and he turned to see the eggs about to hatch. Coming out of the eggs were a bunch of smaller, ferocious Echinosauropteryx’ crawling and charging toward Antonio. He ran for his life around the nest, hoping not to get caught or trip and fall.
“Hang on; I’m coming!” Tommy shouted from a distance. 
Tommy rushed over to the edge and leaped over to the nest. Antonio looked over and gasped as his friend missed the nest and fell. He grabbed onto the rough patches around the nest and stopped his descent. Tommy climbed to the top, where his friend waited to pull him up. 
As soon as Tommy landed safely inside the nest, Antonio continued getting swarmed by the tinier Echinosauropteryxs, who didn’t hesitate to poke him to no end. Tommy rushed over to shoo away the small dinosaurs.
Without warning, they heard Maggie’s voice yelling for them to ‘Watch out’ as the bigger Echinosauropteryx returned, flapping its wings in anger above the nest. Tommy pushed Antonio out of the way before the Echinosauropteryx grabbed and carried him away. Antonio tried to reach for him by extending his hand, but couldn’t get to him quickly enough. 
As the Echinosauropteryx lifted the Tommy over to the smaller ones with their beaks opening and closing, the big dinosaur soon got hit by rocks. Everyone turned to see Maggie on the other side of the cliff, throwing stones from her red backpack.
“Let him go you—”
“No, wait!” Ruth exclaimed, grabbing her arm. “You’re just going to make—”
The Echinosauropteryx let go of Tommy, causing him to fall off and miss the nest.
“TOMMY!” Antonio cried out. 
Without hesitating, he leaped off the nest and followed Tommy, leaving Maggie and Ruth to gasp, horrified. As the two continued to fall, Antonio noticed the white crystal lifting out of his pocket and glowing. Antonio quickly snatched it back and prayed with all his might that he and Tommy would make it out ok. 
“Come on, Crystal, please don’t fail me now!” Without warning, a great big flash appeared before their eyes, and they disappeared without a trace.
From the cliff side, just a short distance away from the high nest, Maggie and Ruth watched in bewilderment as the scene unfolded right before their eyes. 
Where did they go? Are they ok?
Just then, another flash showed up above them as Tommy and Antonio reemerged and landed on the ground safely.
“Whoa, how did you do that?” Maggie snapped around and asked.
“Well...” Antonio tried to get out a sentence, but the four seemed to have almost forgotten about the fact that the Echinosauropteryx was still around. A roar came from behind them.
As the four dashed in the opposite direction, trying to avoid the creature’s wrath, Antonio remembered he still had the white crystal in his hand. He tried his luck again by rubbing the shard, hoping the same tactic would work once more. Sure enough, the flash of light brightened around them as the group got whisked away just as the creature reached for them.
.-.-.-.
Tommy, Antonio, Maggie, and Ruth got teleported to another location inside the same cavern. 
“Ok, what the heck was that all about?” Maggie asked, blinking to get her vision clear.
“I don’t know,” Antonio replied with exasperation. “I think the white crystal has something to do with—”
“Calm down,” Tommy interjected. “Surely, we can get out of this mess like we did the last time...”
“But, if my calculations are correct, this crystal I found teleports us at random. Who knows where we’d end up?”
As the three argued about what to do next, Ruth spotted something familiar in the distance. 
“Hey, look, the butterflies are back!” He pointed out.
“But how’d they know where we were this time?” Maggie questioned. “And how’d they find us and get here themselves?”
“I’m sure they must’ve heard our distress signal, or they sensed we needed help,” Ruth responded.
The orange and black butterflies fluttered beside the mountain and showed the four the safest path they could traverse across. 
The roads leading to the bottom were steep with rocky terrain, but the most reliable one seemed to have the least amount of rocks, steps, and cracks to minimize tripping. It was a long way down; the mountain rumbled as if it would erupt or send an avalanche at any minute.
Eventually, the group made it down the mountain safe and sound, as the pylon stood in the distance. They were almost there, except the gem of this place was yet to be found. The four of them knew it wouldn’t be a good idea to leave without retrieving it. Otherwise, all that adventure in The Vast Hallows would be a waste of time. 
Just then, another bright glow emanated from the corner of their eyes. The butterflies had an aura around them as they unexpectedly trans-morphed into an orange gem. The jewel floated over to Ruth’s paws as the others stood there, awed and confused.
“That’s strange, the crystal radar wasn’t going off,” Maggie stated, staring at the device. Was the gem they had at their disposal real or not?
“Maybe it broke?” Tommy guessed. “Is it even—?”
Without warning, the gem moved out of control, pulling away from him as Ruth desperately tried to hold on. Maggie, Tommy, and Antonio grabbed onto the bear to help him stay in place, but it appeared fruitless. 
As the jewel lifted the group off the ground, a boulder fell. The gem swerved as it dodged the blocks that came tumbling down. The ground picked itself up and formed a rock avalanche as it chased down the others with the gem still in hand.
The gem lifted them higher into the sky and over the hollow with the small crevice of water running down the cliff when they ended up plunged right into the now open pylon below.
Inside, Tommy, realizing that something still hunted them down, got up and hurried over to the control panel to get themselves out of there. The others stood motionless, still in shock from the recent events.
.-.-.-.
Meanwhile, back in The Arching Caves at Aylont, Dakota and the counselor continued to follow Anita down the path. After a while, the three came across some forks in the road. Anita pointed toward a way that didn’t seem to go anywhere, as it wasn’t as brightly lit as the others. 
As they all pressed forward, Dakota couldn’t help but ask Anita some questions about the location.
“So, how do you know there’s a secret place around here?” Dakota asked skeptically.
“It’s a little hard to explain,” Anita replied, crossing her arms. “But my son and I have been here before. He finds this scientific stuff fascinating, and I could never understand why. Perhaps I should ask once we find them.”
“What do you mean? Who are you referring to by—?” 
Before she could finish her sentence, Dakota, Anita, and the counselor came across Mandy, who walked up to the entrance of the caverns. They stood there staring at each other before Mandy realized who was in front of her.
“Oh no, not you!” Mandy stepped back, horrified, as Anita stood in front of her with a sneer.
“Speak of the devil,” Anita said, adjusting her glasses. “Why don’t you explain to this lady to my left what’s going on here, hmm?”
“What’s she talking about?” Dakota turned to the scientist woman and asked.
“I... I...” Mandy grew speechless. She turned the other way and ran off with tears in her eyes.
“Hey, wait!” The counselor called out to her, but she didn’t respond. “Where’s she going?” He turned to Anita and asked.
“Back to her base.” Anita retorted. “After her and call the police while you’re at it!”
.-.-.-.
Sam’s head throbbed and pounded as he tried to decipher what went wrong with the keyboard and screen. He also wondered what took Mandy so long to find the source of the noise. Did she already discover it and take care of the problem?
Without warning, the doors behind him slammed open and shut, which caused him to jump. He spun around as Mandy boarded up the entries in a hurry.
“Mandy, what’s wrong?”
“She’s here, right now!” Mandy replied frantically.
“Who?”
“Anita!”
“Oh... wait, what? Why?!”
A loud knock banged on the other side of the door just as he asked the question.
“Hey, you!” Anita’s voice yelled out from the other side. “Come out this instant if you know what’s good for the both of you!”
“Where’s my baby?” Dakota cried. “Is he in here? Do you know where he is? What did you do with him?”
Sam gulped, his heart dropped. Wait, she couldn’t mean...?
“Those two must’ve silenced the kids so they wouldn’t give away their positions...” Anita deduced.
“That’s not true!” Mandy cried out.
“Alright, listen up!” Anita warned the two scientists, “If you don’t let us in or tell us where they went, we’ll assume you have them kidnapped, bound, and gagged! Not only that, but we’ll call the police and have you both arrested! So, what’s it going to be?”
Sam and Mandy exchanged worried glances, not sure what to do or say.
.-.-.-.
Back in the Land of the Unknown, Antonio, Tommy, Maggie, and Ruth crawled out of the monolith in exhaustion. As they emerged, they saw the area looked like a forest again instead of the Rocky Mountains with fog. Maggie also noticed Ringo and Riley walking around a pool of water as if on guard duty, making sure no one suspicious showed up.
“Guys, we’re back!” She called out to them. The Thescelotitans turned to see the others have made it back safe and sound. “Did you miss us?” Maggie chirped. 
The two dinosaurs nodded as they rushed over to give everyone a snug cuddle, all except Antonio, who kept his distance away.
Antonio cleared his throat to get everyone’s attention. “Well, it’s great to know that once we turn in this gem to Amy, we’ll be halfway done with our journey!”
“Yeah,” Tommy agreed. “So let’s get going and—”
“Wait; hold up.” Ruth interrupted. “Who's Amy? Is she a friend of yours?”
“It’s, uh, hard to explain...” Tommy scratched the back of her head, unsure of how to put it into words.
“Classified!” Antonio responded in a joking manner. Silence followed soon after, as the others looked at him. “What?” 
“Seriously?” Tommy and Maggie rolled their eyes in disbelief but chuckled under their breath.
Maggie then remembered something. “Hey, do you remember when that girl helped us calm the Loch Ness Monster?”
“Oh, you mean, that was her?” Ruth asked.
“Precisely.”
“But is she going to fulfill that promise and help you get out of here?”
“We hope so; it’s the only chance we got...”
The group took a break and rested near the pool of water. They ate, drank, talked, and relaxed for a bit before picking themselves back up and heading back.
Maggie, Tommy, Ruth, and Antonio rode on the backs of the dinosaurs as they all continued to traverse the area. However, Maggie looked up and noticed that the sun was setting again.
Nobody in the group knew for certain how long they had in the pylon for, or what the time-zone was for this place. Regardless, it got late, and they had to hurry and find a place to stay in to avoid the predators. Fortunately, the group remembered the shelter their dinosaur friends made the other night and headed there. Tommy informed Ruth on how their quest had gone so far while on the way to their current destination.
 Antonio took out his phone and tried to access the flashlight app with the device still low on battery. Abruptly, a bright flash of light kicked in, startling Antonio and causing him to drop the phone nearly. He used the phone to shine the light on them and discovered the strange fort still standing.
The group slipped off of the dinosaurs as Ringo and Riley moved over. They stuck their heads inside the hut to have a little peek. The two dinosaurs noticed some snakes inside and roared at them to make the reptiles flee in panic.
“That was close.” Antonio sighed in relief.
“But why were there that many snakes in there?” Tommy questioned, scratching his head. “Do you think they like to hang out in that hut?”
“Ah, who cares?” Maggie retorted. “All that matters is that Ringo and Riley protected us and scared off the snakes for us!” She petted the Thescelotitans with a smile. “Do you have any berries?” She turned to Tommy and asked. “I want to give them both rewards.”
“Oh, ok.” Tommy took out his blue backpack and searched around for some treats. To his surprise and dismay, he appeared to be low on berries. “Uh, oh, we don’t have a lot left.”
“What?”
“I can get more for you if you want,” Ruth spoke up.
“Oh yeah, you can see in the dark, can’t you?” Antonio remembered.
“Ok, let me go with you.” Maggie volunteered. “It’ll be easier if more people find and bring back some.”
“Meanwhile, Antonio and I can go get some wood and build a fire,” Tommy added.
“Great, we’ll meet back here in a couple of minutes.” Maggie finished.
“Sounds good.” Tommy nodded in approval.
The two split into groups of two and went their separate ways, while Ringo and Riley waited beside the hut to stop any predators that came their way.
Maggie and Ruth walked the grounds carefully while in search of berries. The former used her phone as a flashlight, while the latter used night vision to see where they were going. Fortunately, the two had found themselves some pink and orange berries growing in the bushes. Maggie had no idea these grew in them, not just trees, and was thankful they both lucked out. As she picked some small fruit and put them in her backpack, Ruth reminded her not to take any dangerous ones, to which she acknowledged that she already knew, but still thanked Ruth for looking out for her.
Something had been on her mind for quite a while, and, feeling that this might be an excellent opportunity, she asked Ruth about something.
“Hey, can I ask you something?”
“Go right ahead,” Ruth replied, scanning the bushes for fruits.
“Why did you want to join us in our quest?” Maggie glanced as she took some berries to place in her backpack.
“Well, uh, in my community, I'm always known as a pacifist, or coward if you will.”
“Um, no offense, but I can see why...”
“But I want to prove myself,” Ruth insisted. “That I can handle and take care of myself while also protecting others dear to me. I also want my father to stop treating me like some...” Ruth thought about what to say next. “What was the word again?”
“Seriously?” Maggie’s hands collided with her face as she groaned in response.
“No, that can’t be it.”
Without warning, a crash startled and interrupted Maggie and Ruth.
“What was that?” Maggie asked.
“I don’t know,” Ruth shrugged.
“Hey, where you’re going!” A voice yelled out.
“That voice, I heard it before...” Maggie whispered.
“I think it came from over there.” Ruth pointed.
The two walked up to a hill and hid in nearby bushes. They both took a small peek and checked down below. There, Maggie and Ruth could spot some Miletis running about near a fortress with small carts in their hands. One wagon spilled over, spreading colored crystals across the ground. Two Miletis, in particular, stood near the cart filled with jewels, arguing over the subject.
“Do you even know what happens when those gems hit the ground?” One of them asked.
“Yeah, I know, don’t need to tell me!” Another retorted. “How many do we even need?”
“As much as we need for our experiment.”
“Experiment, what could they be talking about?” Maggie whispered-asked, her body hunching over.
They could hear roars from a distance. Into view came more Miletis, dragging a raptor around by an electric shock collar with a handle attached to it. More of the workers walked over to witness this, leaving the overturned cart untouched.
“Ah, there you are.” A Mileti said, crossing his arms. “So, how’d it go?”
“A little tricky,” Another replied. “But, I thought it was easy to handle.”
“Alright, now all we have to do is wait for you-know-who to bring us more dark crystals for us and—”
“Wait, why don’t you say their name?”
“You don’t get it, do you? What if someone overhears us? Our plan would be in jeopardy if anyone outside our group found out about our secrets.”
“Oh, that’s a good point.”
Ruth and Maggie covered their mouths to prevent themselves from gasping too loud. Ruth glanced at Maggie, wondering how she’ll respond. Her eyes widened, but she didn’t move an inch of her body.
“Who do you think they’re talking about?” Ruth whisper-asked.
“Who cares right now?” Maggie hissed through her ground teeth. She clenched her fists as she continued to watch from above. “We got to help that poor dinosaur; it looks like it’s in pain. Not only that, but we also need to find out what those jerks are up to!”
“But there’s two of us, and a lot more of them down there.” Ruth pointed out. “So, how are we—?”
“Hey, did you hear something?” A Mileti asked another next to him.
“I did.” The other replied.
“Uh oh,” Ruth murmured nervously. “We need to get out of—” The bear attempted to back away. He lost his footing and accidentally tripped, tumbling down the hill, and landing in front of the Miletis.
“Well, well, speak of the devil...” They looked over at the bear with wide grins. One of them spoke while walking up to Ruth. “Of course, an Orso Looba would come to help that Ceratocheloraptor...”
Ruth shook uncontrollably. “Um, I can explain?” He tried to speak up and sound intimidating, but couldn’t muster up the courage and strength to do so.
“Well, little bear, what are you going to do now?”
Maggie watched from above and ground her teeth. 
She noticed all those guys had their purple eyes focused on the bear, so now seemed like a good time to help. Hopefully, without getting caught, or they’d be in serious trouble. Maggie slowly slid down the hill in a different direction so that the Miletis wouldn’t notice.
She snuck around quietly to make sure no one paid any attention to her. She went up to where the fallen cart that contained crystals stood and bent down to pick some up. The raptor glanced over at her for a bit, wondering what she was trying to do. Maggie noticed and moved her fingers toward her mouth, making a shushing sound so the dinosaur would not give away her position. Just then, another Mileti turned around and noticed Maggie snooping around their stuff.
Maggie ran and quickly threw a yellow crystal on the ground, causing the fragment to explode into bits of lightning. Lightning sparks came out and randomly attacked the field, causing everyone around her to panic. One of the Miletis lost grip of the handle as the raptor made a run for the hills while Maggie and Ruth ducked for cover. 
“We’re not afraid to use these, so you better watch out and leave us alone!” Maggie yelled out.
Ruth stood beside her, still quaking in his fur. “We should tell the others about this once we get—”
Maggie and Ruth’s bodies froze, their bodies shook. Neither of them could control themselves as they fell to the ground, writhing in pain. 
One of the Miletis, with bruises and a bulged-up eye, walked up to them, carrying a purple object in his hand.
“I knew you’d be back.” He said with a devilish grin. “Isn’t it such a shame that you failed your little endeavor this time around?” He taunted.
“What’s happening to us?” Maggie questioned.
“I don’t know...” Ruth weakly replied.
One of the other Miletis looked on with a confused expression and asked, “Why didn’t you use the purple crystal to get the raptor back?”
“Still, your tongue.” The man retorted. “It takes one of these bad boys to control a human-like creature and put them in their place, but it takes multiple to get control of a dinosaur...” He turned to face Maggie and Ruth. “So, you thought you could escape after that little fiasco? Suffice to say, you failed. But don’t worry, your friends will show up soon; I can guarantee it.”
“Why you— what are you going to do with us?” Maggie asked through her teeth.
“Oh, you’ll see...”
Episode 14


Meanwhile, Tommy and Antonio walked in the other direction of the hut, getting some wood and rocks to make a fire pit. The two took turns picking up and carrying logs. Antonio didn’t have much strength to lift more significant ones compared to Tommy, so he focused on smaller logs and big sticks. Tommy took care of the massive timber that he could find on the ground. After a while, the two took a break and rested on some blocks of wood.
“How many did we get so far?” Tommy asked, wiping the sweat from his forehead.
“Um, six and a half?” Antonio replied as he tried to count the number of wood in front of their eyesight.
“Alright, I think we’d need about one more.”
“Won’t we also need some flint and steel?”
“Well, I’m sure we can find some along the way.” Tommy got up and continued walking, with Antonio following him, but then he stopped. 
“What’s wrong?” Antonio questioned.
“On second thought, maybe we could ask Ruth and Maggie to help us out,” Tommy responded. “Speaking of which, do you think they made it back to the hut, giving Ringo and Riley some berries?”
“I’m uncertain. I don’t think I’m the right person to answer that question.” Antonio shrugged.
“Should we head back?”
After thinking about it for a moment, Antonio shook his head sideways. “They’re both strong-willed and brave; I believe they can handle it.”
“Well, ok, if you say so...” Tommy cooed.
It occurred to Antonio that it had been a while since the two of them had been alone together like this. He figured it’d be the perfect opportunity to bring up a certain topic.
“Is it ok with you if I change the subject?”
“Yeah, what do you want to talk about?”
“You know those guys that want those crystals?”
“Yeah, I haven’t seen them in a while,” Tommy replied, brushing off the dirt that got on his hands. “What about those guys?”
“And you know they’re in a war with those Orso Loobas, right?” Antonio continued.
“Where are you going with this?”
“If you were to pick a side, which—?”
“Honestly, I don’t want to get involved in that war,” Tommy interrupted. “All I want is to get back home safe and sound.”
“Well, I don’t think those ‘mad scientists’ are as bad as Maggie says, and did you notice how she’s been acting different lately...?”
“Well, now that you mention it...”
Antonio clutched his stomach and groaned loudly. “Ooh, my stomach hurts.”
“Are you ok?”
“I need to go to the bathroom. There must be a nearby tree and bush I could use.”
“Um, are you sure that was your stomach? What did you eat?”
“Uh, not sure, but it might come out soon if I’m not too careful.”
“Do you want me to accompany you?” Tommy offered.
“No thanks, I won’t be gone long. And besides, the sooner you get those logs, the better.” Antonio insisted.
“If you say so, then alright. Just meet back at the hut when you’re done, ok?”
“Will do. Bye.”
Antonio and Tommy waved goodbye as they went their separate ways for now. Tommy activated his flashlight app on his phone and walked around, trying not to hit anything in his way. Chirps and hoots echoed through the night as he caught his foot on a massive log. Tommy held onto his foot while jumping in agony. After rubbing his foot and sighing, he looked down and tried to reach down to pick it up, but he couldn’t get the large log off the ground. 
Another loud roar came from a distance. Seeing that his friend and the Thescelotitans were in that direction, Tommy stopped what he did and ran back to check up on them.
.-.-.-.
Tommy crept over to the hut, which turned out to be empty, with nobody in sight. He looked around, wondering what happened and where the others went. The shrubbery rustled from the corner of his eye. 
Tommy wasn’t sure who that was, so he quickly ran behind a tree to be on the safe side. He took a peek out the tree as two men who wore different outfits storming around the area and checking inside the hut. They appeared to be Miletis, with a phone flashlight of their own. Tommy kept quiet so he wouldn’t get caught. What could they be doing here?
“Have we gotten everything?” One of the Miletis asked.
“I believe so.” Another replied. “But we might as well check one more time just in case.”
As the two snooped around, they came across one of the backpacks.
“Hey, check this out, I found some berries and a walkie-talkie.”
“Nice find, our leader will be pleased with this.”
“Let’s go.” As the Miletis left the hut, one of them lit a small tuff of hay on fire with a lighter and threw it back into the cabin, which slowly got engulfed in flames.
When they both left the scene, Tommy walked over as the place turned to ashes, and the wind blew it all away. Tommy clenched his fists as he marched over to follow where the Miletis headed.
.-.-.-.
Tommy snuck from hiding place to hiding place, trying to follow the two Miletis. He thought he could see an image of a raptor in the shadows, but couldn’t make it out. They then came across a torn-up part of the forest, where trees and bushes split apart. Tommy crawled into a bush and listened carefully to eavesdrop on their conversation.
“What the heck happened here?” One Mileti asked.
“Probably the cause of that raptor.” The other replied. “Heard the crew lost it, and the dinosaur got away.”
“Weren’t we going to relocate?”
“Yeah, but we also got to find that Raptor at some point.”
“I’m sure we’ll find it.”
Tommy moved back to try and get away, for he felt it wasn’t a good idea to continue his pursuit. He ended up stepping on a branch, making it crack into two pieces with a loud snap. The two Miletis turned around and walked over to where the source of the noise occurred. 
In a bit of a pickle, Tommy dashed away, but didn’t see where he ran in the darkness and ended up tumbling down a hill and landing on his back.
Tommy glanced up to find the lights moving around; he got up to run away from them. He then came across a Ceratocheloraptor, standing out in the open and stuck in a bear trap.
“Oh no, are you alright?” Tommy cooed. “How did you get stuck here?” The raptor made no response. “Oh, right, you’re a dinosaur.” Tommy felt dumbfounded, thinking the dinosaur would answer his questions. “I guess you probably wouldn’t be able to answer any of my—” Abruptly, the raptor coughed up a walkie-talkie. Tommy slowly went to pick it up. “Ok, this is weird.” Why would a dinosaur have eaten a walkie-talkie? He thought, but shook that unpleasant feeling out of his head. There were more important matters here. “Hang on; I’ll get you out of there.”
Tommy reached down and removed the bear trap from the dinosaur’s leg. They both overheard Miletis talking, as it seemed they were getting closer. The two ran over to hide behind another set of trees.
“Weird, I thought I heard someone around here.” A Mileti stated.
“It must’ve been the wind or something.” Another added.
“Let’s go back; we can search for them on the way back to our new base.”
“Agreed.”
After the two Miletis left, Tommy didn’t know what to do next.
“That was close.” He placed a hand on his chest and sighed in relief. “But where could my friends be, though? I’ll bet those guys have something to do with it, but I can’t do this alone.” Tommy glanced at the raptor. “Can’t believe I’m saying this, but I’m going to need the help of an unlikely ally. Is it alright if I ride with you?” The raptor nodded in agreement.
“Great, thanks.”
.-.-.-.
Tommy and the Raptor arrived at the ruins and headed for the tree. After going up a few floors, he reached the room with the control panel, glowing brighter than the last time he came across it. 
I wonder if she’s still around here somewhere. Tommy thought.
“Hello? Anyone here?” He called out for Amy. There didn’t seem to be any response. 
Tommy then walked over to the panel to have a better look at the shiny buttons. As he reached to touch one with his hand, he heard somebody’s voice, making him jump with shock. Tommy turned around at a familiar face standing behind him.
“Hey, kid.” Amy greeted with a peace sign.
“Whoa, you scared me!” Tommy exclaimed, jumping back. “And I’m not a kid either!”
“Alright, alright, so where is my gem? You got it from the monolith, did you not?”
“What? Well, technically, yes, but—”
“And where are the others? Are they—?”
“I didn’t come here for that; I showed up for something else!”
Tommy explained to her the situation that had occurred with the Mileti. After he finished, Amy replied, 
“I see, so you want my help? How flattering, and here I thought you were here for something else.”
“So, where were you anyway?” Tommy questioned.
“Well, usually, I’d say that’s classified information, but I guess I can make an exception,” Amy explained, rolling her eyes. “I was collecting some brews for more potions. I noticed you guys left for a while, and that you haven’t been answering my phone lately, which was odd since I figured you should’ve been back by now. I left to get some stuff when I overheard some noise outside. I went to investigate to see what was going on…”
“Did you find anything, Amy?” Tommy interrupted. 
“I have. I was waiting for you to show up so I could show you this...” 
Amy walked over to a vibrating white box lying in the corner of the wall and knocked on the top of it. The crate stopped moving and created a straight line in the center with handles on either side. Amy walked over and opened the box. Inside, a sweaty person tied up with rope fell out of the box.
“Oh my god, I thought I was gonna die in there!” The man cried out.
“Whoa, is that another one of those Miletis?” Tommy asked as he walked over to the person. “How did you manage—?”
“Classified.” Amy interrupted.
“Of course,” Tommy muttered while groaning. He fell right into that one.
Amy turned to scowl at the man, still tied up. She stood him up so they would meet eye-to-eye. 
“Alright, now will you tell me where your secret fortress is?”
“Ok, I’ll tell you, just please no more!” The man exclaimed. “It’s underground, deep within the mines...”
“Wait, what if he’s lying about the location?” Tommy leaned over and whispered to Amy.
“Lieutenant Larry, can you hear me?” The walkie-talkie Tommy had in his pockets operated as a voice came out of it. Tommy moved the device toward the man in ropes, thinking that was his name.
“Uh, yes, I can hear you.” He replied.
“Good, come back so we can start the experiment.” The voice said.
“Um, where is the location again?”
“Seriously, you forgot again? Meet back at the underground mines and hurry it up.”
Tommy turned off the intercom and sighed. “Wow...”
“Where did you get that?” Amy pointed at the walkie-talkie.
“A raptor had this.” He explained. “So now we know where the potential hideout could be, but how will we get there?”
“Simple,” Amy replied. She looked over at Larry, who watched the two, not sure what they’ll do with him. “He’s going to take us there.”
“What, me?” Larry blinked. “I don’t know where the exact way to the place is! And what if I—?”
“Do you want me to—?”
“No, I’m sorry, please don’t hurt me! I don’t know how to get there from here.”
Amy sighed in defeat. “Guess I’ll have to do it myself.” 
She walked over to the control panel and activated it. She then worked on the coordinates while Tommy waited on the sidelines.
“How long will this take?” Tommy asked.
“Who knows?” Amy replied.
“Well, could you not take long on—?” 
“Don’t rush; I’ll get it done when I get it done.”
.-.-.-.
Maggie and Ruth eventually regained consciousness and found themselves trapped in two separate cages. They both seemed to be in some cave, and the cells hovered above some darkly colored fog. In front of them was a dark area of which neither of them could see beyond. Some Miletis circled the cages and the pitch-black spot as they watched the spectacle display before them.
“Do you think you scare us? Well, you don’t!” Maggie taunted, shaking the cage.
“What are you going to do with us?” Ruth asked nervously, his legs shaking.
“Oh, just you wait.” One of the Miletis replied. “You’ll see soon enough.” He turned to see a mineshaft open up. “Do you have the replacements?” He asked.
“Sure thing.” Another Mileti responded. He entered the scene dragging over an anesthetic purple Thescelotian. 
Maggie squinted her eyes and realized that the dinosaur looked familiar. “Ringo?” She gasped.
“How did you get Ringo here?” Ruth asked, his grip tightening around the bars. “And where’s Riley?”
“Wake up, Ringo, please, you gotta get out of there!”
“Oh yeah, where was the pink dino?” The first Mileti glanced at the others and repeated the question.
“Got away, couldn’t find it anywhere.” The second replied.
“Did you search?”
“Tried, but no dice.”
“Whatever, let’s just stick with this purple dinosaur.” The Mileti then pulled out a purple shining crystal.
“No, stop!” Maggie exclaimed, grabbing the bars and pleading.
“Ah, do you change your mind, Maggie?” One of them turned to ask.
“What are you clarifying? And how do you know my name?”
“We’ll give you one last chance, join us and our allegiance against—”
“No, never!”
“Fine, have it your way...”
The Mileti turned and stood in front of the darkness, wielding the purple crystal in the air and holding it up as high as he could.
“W-What are you going to do with—?” Ruth spoke up. 
But the man didn’t listen or respond to his remark. “Wake up.” He called out to the darkness, “It’s chow time.”
Out of nowhere, dark purple eyes glowed out of the darkness. 
“Only one dinosaur?” A voice spoke from the dark and asked the man.
“Why yes, but be patient, you’ll have all of them in your grasp soon enough.”
“I see. Well, every bit helps, I suppose...” Another purple glow appeared from below the eyes, emitting beams of circles from what seemed to be the mouth.
Maggie tried to get out of the bars as she struggled to move them. “Ringo, get out of there!” She yelled out in desperation, trying to wake up the Thescelotitan. 
An aura circled the dinosaur, and the next thing they knew, Ringo had disappeared. The little atmosphere bits moved over to the darkness as it ended up getting sucked in. Maggie and Ruth were speechless, seeing what they had witnessed. Ruth covered his face and softly whimpered while Maggie got down on her knees and cried.
“RINGO, NO!” Maggie screamed, with tears in her eyes.
“Mm, that wasn’t half bad...” The foreboding voice said.
Maggie got up and looked around, realizing that she and Ruth were the only ones upset about the situation. “Why... Why would you do this? What do you have to gain?”
“Power, glory, revenge, among other things...”
“On who?” Ruth asked, rubbing his tear-filled eyes.
“Those who ridicule us and never take us seriously.” The voice explained. “So we’ll show them what it means to suffer and get no respect.”
That story sounds familiar, almost like— Maggie shook her head. No, my father is nothing like these guys. She clenched her fists and ground her teeth. “So, that’s your reason to kill Ringo?”
“Silence, you!” A Mileti ordered. “No one can save you now!”
Abruptly, another voice called from behind the mineshaft as it opened up to reveal someone in the shadows. 
“Hey, you, what do you think you’re doing?”
Ruth’s eyes squinted as the person walked toward the light to reveal themselves. “Antwan?” The bear spoke up.
“How many times do I have to tell you? My name’s Antonio!” He corrected him.
“Where were you?” Maggie thundered impatiently. “And what took you so long?”
“Please don’t fight...” Ruth pleaded. “This isn’t the best time for—”
“Don’t worry, the dinosaurs’ not dead,” Antonio stated. “Just has its spiritual energy taken away.”
“Is that any better?” Maggie raised an eyebrow. “Wait, how do you know that?”
The Orso Looba also noticed something odd about the situation. 
None of the Miletis did anything or fought back, even though Antonio stood there, not doing anything.
“What do you think you’re doing? Hurry and get us out of here!” Maggie thundered.
Just then, she spotted something in Antonio’s pocket. He pulled out an object that looked like the purple crystal from before. Maggie’s eyes widened in shock.
“I got more of those crystals you asked for,” Antonio said as he turned to face the darkness and lifted the object high.
“Excellent work.” The voice complimented. “I feel like my powers are getting stronger by the minute...”
“That’s great to hear, mistress,” Antonio replied with a bow.
Maggie’s blood boiled. “Why... you ungrateful rotten traitor!” She roared, shaking the cage.
“How could you do this?” Ruth cried.
“It appears my powers are weakening.” The embodying voice in the dark interrupted. “I must rest. While I sleep, bring me more crystals and dinosaurs...”
“Yes, mistress.” Antonio turned to bow before her.
Once the glowing purple eyes disappear, Maggie, Ruth, and Antonio continued their conversation while the other Miletis stood by, watched, and listened.
“Ooh, when the others find out about what you’re doing...” Maggie started.
“That’s why you’re not going anywhere.” Antonio taunted. “You won’t be able to tell them a thing. If Tommy and Amy were to find out, then they wouldn't want to join our side. Of course, someone like you wouldn’t understand Maggie.”
“What are you going to do with us?” Ruth asked, darting his eyes back and forth.
“Simple.” Antonio turned to the Miletis and did a thumb down motion. “Drop them down into the fog.”
The Miletis nodded as they pulled down a lever, opening up the bottom hatch in the cages, which caused Maggie and Ruth to fall and land on the ground. 
After rubbing their sides, the two looked up from the gap between them as Antonio stood on the edge and watched them with a smug grin on his face.
“Hello down there,” Antonio said in a mocking tone. 
“Are you seriously going to leave us down here?” Maggie questioned.
“For the time being, yes.” Antonio turned to the Miletis. “You guys stay here and watch these two, in case they try to escape.”
“Oh, great idea. One Mileti replied.
“We knew it was an exquisite idea to recruit you.” The second one complimented. “This Antonio has proven to be useful for us and our benefits.”
“We’ll be right back to get more materials.” Antonio and another band of Miletis headed to the mine shaft, leaving the rest inside the cave.
Ruth looked up and frowned, seeing that the others wouldn’t probably leave anytime soon. 
“Oh man, what do we do now?” He turned to Maggie and asked. 
He looked up at her, attempting to climb the Cliffside while the Miletis were distracted by chatting with one another. The hill was steep; the fog was thick, and Maggie had a hard time lifting herself and slipped up, causing her to fall off and land on the ground.
“Dang it.” She muttered through her teeth.
“Are you ok? Don’t push yourself too hard...” Ruth whispered, placing his paw on her shoulder.
“Hey, be careful down there.” One of the Miletis called out from above. “We’re not responsible for any injuries.” 
“Sorry, but that’s just how it goes...” Another Mileti added.
Maggie slumped on the walls and sighed. Ruth walked over and gave a pat on her shoulder and a reassuring smile. She just sighed and turned away. They didn’t know what to do or how to get out of this area now.


Episode 15


Tommy and Amy left her secret compartment as they went to search for the passage toward the underground mines. Tommy rode on the Ceratocheloraptor while Amy looked at a different colored Crystal radar and dragged Larry on the ground by the ropes.
“Um, are you sure about this?” Tommy questioned.
“Of course, I got the coordinates after all,” Amy replied, raising her hand with the radar in the air. “You can’t do this without me. Besides, if anyone were to sneak into my place, I’ve put up deadly traps inside that can greet them...”
“That wasn’t what I meant. Why did you bring that guy along?” Tommy corrected, pointing at Larry.
“Oh. Well, if I can’t find it, then I’m taking it all out on this man.” Amy peered at the man tied up in ropes, who eyed the area.
“No, wait!” Larry exclaimed. “What if one of your friends went in—?”
“Please, there’s no way those two could escape.”
“But, I’m missing out on—”
“Shut it, Larry.” Amy interrupted. 
Tommy then glanced at her briefly. “Hey, how do you know about the situation at hand?”
“I’m an alien, don’t you remember?” The lady gave him a wink and a ‘we can do it’ posture.
“Um, no? Didn’t you say you were an ‘alien’?”
“Oh, yeah... class—”
“Forget it, never mind.”
“Don’t interrupt me!”
“Hey, are we any closer?” Tommy changed the subject.
“Well, according to my new and patented radar phone, it should be right around... here!”
The group stumbled across the now destroyed ruins, with burnt patches of grass, a bunch of empty carts around the area, and old pillars and structures in some other regions.
“Whoa, what happened here?” Larry asked, tilting his head.
Tommy glanced at the Raptor, which turned and looked away. “Maybe Riku must’ve gone overboard when trying to escape?”
“Riku, seriously?” Amy repeated, perplexed by what he said.
“Yeah, I mean, if Maggie can nickname the dinosaurs and get away with it, why can’t I do one also?”
“We never said you couldn’t,” Amy muttered.
Tommy got off the Raptor as he helped Amy look around in search of the secret passage. 
Where could it possibly be? It had to be somewhere, right? 
The two took off in different directions as they searched through the rubble. Tommy noticed something glowing through some rock. As he moved the debris out of the way, he found a gray texture and shape of the device looking eerily familiar.
“Why can’t we find anything?” Amy questioned, while holding up the crystal radar. “I thought we finally—”
“Hey, Amy, I think I found something.” Tommy pointed out. “This thing looks familiar to Antonio’s laptop, but it isn’t working...”
“Really?” She asked, walking over to him.
“Do you think, maybe, you could fix it and get it working?”
“I’ll try.”
.-.-.-.
Sam and Mandy ended up stuck in their lab, panicking and wondering what they should do next while the other side of the locked door continued banging.
“What do we do?” Mandy asked, biting her fingernail.
“I don’t know!” Sam replied in a frantic voice. “We can’t tell anybody about what we’ve been doing or what’s happened to Antonio and friends...”
“We know that...”
“But if we say nothing, then Anita might—”
“Bam! Time’s up!” Anita interrupted.
“Wait, say what?” Dakota and the counselor asked. They both turned to find some officers walking towards them. “How’d they get here?”
“I called them up ahead of time,” Anita explained. “Ok, now bombard the door!” She turned to the officers and ordered.
The officers nodded and saluted in agreement as they rushed over to attack the metal door, trying to pry it open.
“What’s gotten into her?” The counselor asked Dakota.
 He glanced at the woman, waiting for her to respond. However, Dakota couldn’t hear; her mind was set on trying to find her nephew.
“I’m coming, Tommy!” Dakota exclaimed as she ran to help the rest open the door.
Sam looked over the control panel as quickly as he could while Mandy blocked the bumping door.
“Sam, what are you doing?” Mandy asked, trying to hold on. “I could use a little help over here!”
“Hang on; I’ll be right there!” Sam told her. “I just need to download some files so we can find a way to—”
Before he could finish his sentence, the door collapsed. Mandy fell to the floor, making way for the rest of the crew to enter and storm the place. Sam tried to reach for her and leave, but got bombarded by the officers as they grabbed hold of him and put his head on the counter.
“You’re under arrest!” An officer exclaimed.
“No, please let us go!” Mandy cried. “Don’t—”
Just then, the control panel made noises and moved its flashing colors. The static screen moved around until a colored picture came into full view. Two people stood in front of the screen, one with burgundy hair and the other with brown hair.
Everyone at the lab stopped to examine the big screen. Sam and Mandy broke free and checked closer to the screen.
“Hey, I think it worked.” The brown-haired boy raised his voice.
“Of course, did you have any doubt in me?” The burgundy-haired female voice added.
“That voice...” Dakota whispered. Tears formed around her eyes. Her voice spoke up and smiled. “Tommy, is that you?”
.-.-.-.
“What? Yeah, it is!” Tommy gasped upon seeing who it was. “Aunt Dakota, what are you doing here? And what’s going on over there?”
“Well, we heard about what happened, and I was so worried about you, which is why I came over as fast as I could!” Dakota explained. “Also, got some help from some other sources...”
“I can’t believe it; I can finally see you again after all this time...” Tommy said, trying to hold back the tears as a big smile grew on his face. “It’s great to see you again!”
“It’s great to see you too!”
“Hold up,” Anita interjected. “I don’t mean to interrupt this conversation, but where are the others?”
“They got captured,” Amy explained in a short and blunt state.
“Wait, who are you?” Sam asked and pointed.
“Are you... Amy?” Mandy guessed, leaning over and adjusting her glasses. “The one the others have mentioned before?”
“The one and only, yes.” Amy boasted proudly, placing her hands on her hips.
“But why are—?”
“Listen, hear us out.” Tommy interrupted. “She’s been a great help so far, and I feel like Amy is the only hope we have of saving the others and getting out of here.”
“I don’t know about this...” Sam crossed his arms and tilted his head in uncertainty.
“I believe in him,” Dakota stated, turning to the others. “Let’s have faith in them, ok?”
Anita rolled her eyes and glanced at the two scientists. “All right, but if those kids can't get out of here in a certain amount of time, then you two will not only lose your position but also suffer enormous quantities of fines!”
Sam and Mandy gulped as beads of sweat rolled down their face. “Tommy, please make sure you all get back safely, for all of our sakes...”
Tommy nodded. “We will, thanks and—”
The power inside the labs went out. The screen turned pitch black, as Tommy and Amy could only hear a bunch of voices yelling out from the darkness.
“Whoa, who turned out the lights?!”
“Oh no, a blackout occurred! Everyone panic— I mean, don’t panic!”
“Someone, hurry it up and get it back on!”
“I wish I could if only I could see what was in front of me!”
“What just happened?” Tommy questioned.
“Um, I don’t think we can get this working anymore,” Amy said, looking over at the computer screen, which went back to static. 
Tommy picked up the device and closed it, placing it in his blue backpack. The two were about to get up and press on, when Larry, who was still on the ground, interjected something.
“Wait, hold up!”
“We won’t leave you behind if you were wondering,” Amy brought up coldly.
“That’s not what I was going to say...”
“What’s wrong, Larry?”
“Don’t misunderstand, they’re not as bad as you think...”
“Who’s ‘they’?” Amy inquired.
“Um, I think he’s talking about those Mileti tribes,” Tommy whispered, using air quotes.
“The others are brainwashed and crazy.” Larry continued. “She forced us to work under her... um, what was her name again?”
“I get the part about brainwashed and crazy.” Tommy mentioned, “But how do we know you’re not lying about—?”
“Hold up.” Amy interrupted. “I just realized something. Since we don’t have a legit lead-in where the real place could be still...” She glanced over at Larry with a big grin.
“Oh no,” Larry replied, and shook his head. “I already told you, I don’t know where it is!”
“You may not, but I know someone who does.” She said, moving the walkie-talkie closer to his head. 
“You do?” It took a while for him to process what she meant by that. “Oh...”
“Go on.” Amy turned on the device and pressed the button as Larry leaned closer to the mic.
He sighed and went on with the plan, not wanting to anger her any further. “This is Larry speaking, do you hear me?”
“Lieutenant Larry, where are you?” The voice irked from the other side of the device.
“Um, I’m lost, again...”
“What? Are you serious?”
“Could you tell me the closest route?
“Alright, fine. It’s near the gray cave.”
“How am I supposed to know where that is?”
“Besides the spooky-looking tree?”
“I don’t think that helps...”
“Where are you, at the ruined ruins?”
“Yes.”
“Start by going right.”
“Ok, thanks.”
After Amy had turned the walkie-talkie off, she and Tommy pondered what they should do now. Was he telling the truth? Should they follow what he said?
“Doesn’t that sound odd?” Tommy asked.
Amy merely shrugged. “What do we have to lose? And besides, if this ends up being a trap...”
Larry blinked, confused. “But aren’t you the ones who—?”
“Come on; we don’t have all day here!” Amy retorted.
“Alright, alright!”
.-.-.-.
Maggie and Ruth slumped beside the walls, still stuck in the bottoms of the foggy pit. Neither of them were sure of what to do at the moment. Maggie’s head hung low while Ruth sighed heavily.
“This sucks,” Ruth muttered, slumping against the walls. “If only there were a way to get out of this place...” He looked over as Maggie got her back off the wall and walked away. “Hey, where are you going?”
“I’m not giving up just yet...” Maggie murmured. “I’m going to see if there’s a shortcut or secret passage around here somewhere.”
Ruth didn’t know how she could manage, considering the place was mostly covered in fog.
Maggie declared that she’ll trudge along and hug the edges of the walls. 
Maggie could tell that the fog wasn’t too thick and apparent in particular areas. She then noticed a bright light appear from the corner of her eyes. She walked over to the edge, to the other side of the wall. There, she found someone standing in front of her with a lantern lamp in hand.
The person noticed her and widened his eyes. “Magpie, you got stuck here too?”
Maggie gasped and covered her mouth when she realized who that was. “...Dad? Is that you?” She ran over to him, getting misty-eyed. “How did you—?”
“Listen, I'll only say this once... They framed me. I tried to stop them from using the experiment for evil, but they stopped me and locked me away so I wouldn’t be able to get in their way.”
“I... I knew it! Those people are terrible guys! Not only that, but you’re alive and alright!”
“Yeah, but are you?”
“Of course, I just can’t believe—”
“Hey, wait up!” Ruth yelled out as he rushed over to where Maggie was.
“Oh, hey,” Maggie said. “Look, you’ll never guess who I came across...”
“Um, who were you talking to? I don’t see anyone there...” Ruth said, tilting his head.
“What are you clarifying? Oh, that’s right, you’ve never met him before, have you?” Maggie turned around and moved her hand to greet him. “Say hello to my dad, he’s right over—” She opened her eyes and found her father nowhere in sight.
“Where did you say he was again?” Ruth asked.
Maggie just stood there, speechless and shocked. She fell to her knees and tried to hold back the tears from coming down her face. 
“No way... it can’t be!” She buried her face and sobbed into her hands. 
Ruth walked over and gave her a supportive and reassuring hug.
.-.-.-.
Meanwhile, Amy, Tommy, Riku, and Larry continued their search for the underground mines. Larry walked on two feet despite being tied up as the others followed him on the tracks. They soon came across a crooked tree with no leaves and a black bark on it. It seemed like they were on the right path this time. Now, if only they could find that gray cave, surely it had to be around here somewhere.
Just then, Tommy heard a roaring sound, almost like it was a cry for help. Thinking the noise sounded familiar, he and Riku rushed off to find the source. As Amy tried to warn them not to split up in a time like this, Larry mentioned finding the caves. Amy glanced over as some other Miletis walked out with purple crystals in their hands.
No way, those guys are already coming out? She bit her lip, We better hurry and hide.
She rushed over (while dragging Larry with her) to try and catch up to where Tommy ran off to, only to find him standing beside Riku and some tar pit. “What do you think you’re doing?” She asked.
Tommy had a sturdy stick in his hand and lifted it over the edge of the tar pit.
“Saving Riley, that’s what!” He exclaimed. Amy and Larry looked over and noticed the pink Thescelotitan stuck in the tar pit, roaring in despair. “I knew I didn't hear things...” He murmured. 
“Hang on; I’m going to—” 
Without warning, the tar pit rose above and forcefully attached itself to the stick Tommy had grabbed. The tar yanked him up and above the hole. Tommy stood up on the small end of the stick as it slowly descended into the black asphalt. He noticed that the distance between him and the land was pretty big. He soon lost balance and fell into the pit, slowly descending into madness as he struggled to get out alongside Riley.
“No, don’t! You'll make it worse!” Amy warned him. 
“What am I supposed to do?” Tommy questioned, flailing his body around the tar. 
“Just relax and calm down; it’ll all be over soon enough...”
“But...” Tommy muttered as he ended up getting crushed by the black goop.
Amy watched over and sighed. “Come on, let’s go, we got some scores to settle.”
“But wait, what about...?” Larry started.
“He’ll be fine; we just got to get there before he doesn’t end up fine anymore...”
.-.-.-.
Darkness, Tommy felt helpless, trapped inside, surrounded by nothing. Almost like there was no way to get out, as if he’d be stuck there forever. How did it come like this? 
But before he knew it, Tommy could see a shred of light at the end of the path. He still struggled to move out, as he got stuck, entangled by some vines or webs as if he were merely an insect.
But wait, didn’t Amy say that struggling would make things worse? Would he get further stuck or stay just there? Tommy inhaled and exhaled, trying to calm down and reason. Before he knew it, his body slowly moved and sank out of the dark. 
The next thing Tommy knew, he realized he slowly got out of the tar pit, along with Riley, who did the same thing. Much to his surprise, they appeared to be hanging from the ceiling where black goop dripped and hit the floor. While descending, he overheard a conversation by some men passing by.
“It should be around here somewhere. Let’s check over here next.” Someone said, pointing in a direction opposite of Tommy.
As the guys headed out, Tommy sighed in relief. However, he soon realized that his body was slipping out of the tar and was about to fall off. Before he could injure himself and scream, Riley extended its neck to reach out to grab him by the shirt, carefully placing him on her back. Tommy looked over and found that the pink dinosaur got out of the tar pit just fine.
“Phew, that was a close call. Thanks for the save.” Tommy said to the dinosaur. He then looked around the area and became conflicted. “Where are we, though? Are these the underground mines? Is this what Amy meant by—?” He stopped for a moment to dart his eyes around the caverns they got themselves in. “Wait, for a second. Where is Amy? Is she ok up there?” 
Riley didn’t know how to respond. Regardless, the two got a move on, since standing around too long might get them caught.
.-.-.-.
Tommy rode on Riley as the two ventured off in what looked to be the underground mines they tried to search for. Neither of them were sure where the exit could be. Out of the corner of a wall, the two noticed a familiar face, searching for something.
“Antonio, is that you?” Tommy shouted.
Antonio looked over and shushed him. “Keep your voices down,” He whispered. “I’m trying to hide from the Miletis.”
“Huh? What’s going on?”
“Look, Maggie was right about those guys.” He hung his head low. “I was foolish to trust them and think...”
“It’s alright, Antonio.” Tommy patted him on the shoulder in an attempt to reassure him. “But where are the other guys?”
“I ended up getting separated from the others while trying to escape,” Antonio explained. “Well, I wanted to save them, but I couldn’t do it alone...”
“I know that feeling, but we’re together now, so maybe that’ll increase the—”
“Hey, Tommy, I overheard a conversation recently about a shortcut we could use.”
“Will we get closer to where Maggie and Ruth are?”
“Yeah, something like that...”
“Great, so let’s go! Do you know where this shortcut is?”
“Sure do, follow me.”
Tommy and Riley strolled along as they followed Antonio to where he thought the secret shortcut could be. The three eventually turned another corner as they stopped at a giant wall, showing that it could be a dead end. Where could be the shortcut that Antonio mentioned?
“What now?” Tommy asked.
“I think there’s a secret passage somewhere around here that I also heard about...” Antonio said as he hugged the wall and moved his hands all over to find the secret compartment. Just then, he felt an invisible button on the sides and pressed it. “A-ha, I found it!”
The walls then split apart and opened up in full view. Antonio stepped back as Tommy and Riley went over to take a better look at the scenario at hand.
To their surprise, tons of other dinosaurs got trapped inside cages. The creatures didn’t move or open their eyes at all. Tommy looked up as some multi-colored gas above the ceiling moved around.
“What is going on? How’d this happen?”
He looked over and noticed some similar-looking dinosaurs also in cages; it seemed like even friends of Riku’s were there. Tommy wondered how they ended up there and if he could free them somehow.
Before he could ask Antonio if he knew anything, abruptly, Antonio screamed, causing Tommy to jump out and turn around in surprise. 
“Tommy, help!”
“Huh?” More Miletis got out of their hiding spots and grabbed Antonio from behind him.
“It’s a trap!” Antonio yelled out.
“So, you think you could escape from us, huh?” A Mileti asked. “Well, we’ll just see about that...”
“W-what are you going to do with us?” Antonio asked, stammering.
“We’re going to take you to our leader to be executed...”
Tommy gasped. “No, don’t do that! Leave him alone!” 
Tommy tried to intervene and stop them, but a blunt force struck the back of his head. His mind went blank as he fell to the ground.
Another Mileti stood behind him with a rock crystal in his hand. He used a dark shard to lift the unconscious body in the air. “Not so fast, we have other plans for you.”
Riley’s eyes widened when the Miletis let go of Antonio, who stopped pretending to act scared. Antonio glanced over at the pink dinosaur and smirked.
“That was too easy.” A Mileti boasted to Riley. “Thanks for keeping quiet about it. Then again, your way too wimpy to fight back; you’re surrounded.”
“Sorry, but playtime’s over, Riley,” Antonio added. “But don’t you worry, you’ll join your pals soon enough...”
Riley hung down its head and quivered. What to do now? And who can save them at this rate?




Episode 16


Ruth and Maggie slumped at the back of the wall, unsure what to do at this point. Ruth noticed how Maggie hadn’t said a word or even looked at him since that incident a while back. He wondered if there was anything he could do to help her and hoped to cheer the girl up. Ruth sighed heavily and crawled into a fetal position as Maggie closed her eyes, resting on the floor, and tried to think happy thoughts.
Just then, a faint voice echoed from a distance. “Ruth, can you hear me?”
That voice, could it be? Ruth looked over and spotted a small glowing light. That light...? He shook Maggie, trying to get her to wake up from the dream, but it didn’t work. Then again, there’s no way it could be her, could it? 
He got up and followed the light, temporarily leaving Maggie behind. When Ruth got closer to the sun, he pinpointed where the bright light took him and who he stood in front of.
Another Orso Looba, one that looked like Ruth, appeared before his eyes. The blurry body surrounded the light, but it didn’t light up too brightly, either.
Ruth gasped in shock. “Bertha, is that you?” The other Orso Looba, revealed to be a female, nodded in response, which made Ruth squeal in excitement. “Oh, wow, I can’t believe this! Where were you all these years? Us Orso Loobas were so worried about—”
“I’m sorry, Ruth, but I’m not here...” Bertha replied. “What matters is that you need to get out of here before the mist consumes you and corrupts your mind.”
“What? But we tried—”
“Did you check for ways out?”
Ruth shook his head. “Not necessarily, but...”
“Seriously, you call yourself the son of the chief?” Bertha retorted, as she let out a hefty sigh. “I’m disappointed in you.”
“W-Why?”
“Didn’t you say you wanted to make your father proud? And to get stronger?”
“Yeah, but what else am I supposed to do? And what does that have to do with—?”
“Are you giving up then?”
“Well, no, I—”
“Believe in yourself, don’t give up,” Bertha assured him with a smile. “Try to look at the surroundings from a different angle.”
Ruth looked down at the ground and sighed sadly to himself. “I don’t understand what you mean...” When he looked back up, he found Bertha to be nowhere in sight. Oh, Bertha, I wish I could’ve talked to you more. Ruth thought as he walked back to check up on Maggie and see if she’s ok.
.-.-.-.
Tommy felt like he had gotten trapped in a void of eternal darkness. He could see nothing but the blackness around the atmosphere. He floated into the dark abyss with no source of light or sound in his peak and sight.
However, a soft voice called out to him, as a bright light shined brightly in front of him. There, two figures floated before him, one a female bear-hybrid, and the other a male human, both discerning with grim expressions on their faces.
“Ah, good, you’re awake, and you can see us.” The man said.
“Huh? Where am I?” Tommy asked, rubbing his eyes. “And who are you?”
“Our names don’t matter at the moment.” The Orso Looba replied. “Please listen carefully because we only have time to say this once.”
“You and your friends need to get out of here.” The male added.
“Well, yeah, that’s a given,” Tommy muttered. His eyes widened as he then realized something. “Antonio and his ex—”
“No, that was just a trick to get you away from the others...”
“What? Why?”
“We don’t have time to explain everything.” The female bear mentioned. “Trust us; you’ll find the answers soon enough. You must visit a place called Fearsome Heights.”
“Save your friends, including Antonio.” The male human added. “And save our worlds.”
“One last thing. Make sure Ruth doesn’t get in too much trouble. And whatever you do, don’t—” The Orso Looba vanished before she could finish her sentence.
“Also, please take care of my daughter, Ma—” The man also disappeared before he could finish his sentence.
As Tommy noticed the light shining brighter, he tried to block the view from overshadowing and blocking his sight as another voice called his name, getting louder and louder. And the next thing he knew, he woke up.
.-.-.-.
Tommy opened his eyes. He blinked a couple more times to clear his vision. He then looked over at Amy, Larry, and Riku as they stood in front of him, behind some bars from his point of view. 
“Amy, what are you doing in that cage?” He asked, rubbing his head.
“Um, you’re the one who’s inside that cage...” Amy corrected him. “And I’m trying to save you.”
“Huh? Am I still asleep or something?” Tommy looked up to see some colored gas in the ceiling.
Amy explained that the colorful gases can make a person tired and give them hallucinations, depending on how long they stayed under there for.
“Don’t worry though, I’ll get you guys out of here.”
“Guys?” Tommy turned to see Riley also trapped inside the cage, with its head hung low, and looking away from everyone else. “Hey Riley, what’s wrong?”
Amy glanced over at Larry, still trapped in ropes, wondering if he’d respond. “Larry, do you know the code for opening the cages?”
“Well, I can show you how, but could you untie me?” Larry asked.
“What? Why not just tell me?”
“Guys, now’s not the time for arguing,” Tommy mentioned.
“Ugh, alright.” Amy groaned. She untied Larry as he went over to deactivate the gas and cages. “Ok, stand back,” Amy called out to them.
Tommy stood back as the cages opened and the gas cleared up. He sauntered out, rubbing his head and stomach while doing so.
Amy brought up that they got some weird side effects, but since Tommy wasn't there for too long, he should be fine.
Larry pointed out that the dinosaurs weren’t as lucky, as they stayed motionless, despite their cage's opening. They should roam free at this point.
The situation left Amy stumped. How were they going to escort the creatures out if they’re like this? Tommy thought about it for a while, but then had an idea. 
He took out one of the green crystals he had in his pocket and rubbed it. Tommy moved the shards near the dinosaurs as the glowing aura hit each of the creature’s bodies. Each of the dinosaurs slowly opened their eyes and moved their bodies, letting out triumphant roars.
“It worked, the magic healed the dinosaurs!” Larry exclaimed.
“Alright, everyone, move out!” Amy ordered the dinosaurs, including Riku, who reunited with their buddies.
Tommy glanced at the crystal, which lost its power and turned black. Just then, an unnerving surge rushed inside Riley’s body. The pink Thescelotitan ran in the opposite direction, crashing into a wall, and heading upstairs towards somewhere else.
“Hey, wait, where are you going? Come back!” He followed the dinosaur at a breakneck pace.
“Guys, that’s not the way out!” Amy exclaimed as she went after the two.
Larry stood by himself with the other dinosaurs. Feeling determined, he had to think up a plan, and fast.
.-.-.-.
“We’re not going to make it; we’re doomed...” Maggie muttered while sulking beside the walls.
“Come on now,” Ruth placed a paw on her shoulder. “Where’s your optimism from before?”
“I don’t know what to do anymore.”
“Positive thinking, perhaps? What about that?”
“What is there to think?”
“You’re not even going to try?!” Ruth groaned and lowered his head in defeat. 
He looked down at the ground and noticed some different colored textures, as if they were wet patches of dirt, which gave him an idea.
At the top of the wall, two Miletis continued to stand on guard, watching and hearing Ruth and Maggie as they tried to pick up on their conversation. All they could see was fog on the bottom, but the shadow silhouettes didn’t show up in their sights at all.
“Hey, uh, it’s been a while...” The first Mileti said.
“For what?” The second asked.
“Since the girl and bear said anything. I can’t even hear their mumbles.”
“Maybe they’re just giving us the silent treatment?”
“I don’t think so. Something isn’t right...” One of the Miletis took out some aqua-colored X-ray binoculars and scanned the area before gasping to himself. “...Oh no, I can’t seem to find them anywhere!”
“Say what?” The other checked as well and couldn’t see a thing. “You don’t think they escaped, do you?”
“We need to find them before—”
“Wait, what should we tell the Mistress?”
“Nothing. Do you want her to get mad at us?”
“Well, no. But just in case...”
The first one ran off to the entrance to start his search when the other guy heard a thunking sound and a cry of pain. The second Mileti rushed over to check up on him, only to get hit in the process as well.
Ruth and Maggie had barricaded themselves between a wall and floor, using camouflage with dirt and bits of rocks to hide from the enemies above. Ruth dug out of the walls and waited for Maggie to exit out also before plugging it back up with dirt and rocks.
“That was a close call; I didn’t think that would work...” Ruth sighed in relief, sticking himself off the wall. “Now all we have to do is—”
“I can see now,” Maggie said unexpectedly. “Why I’m stuck here.”
“Uh, are you ok?” Ruth asked, noticing Maggie smiling uncontrollably.
“Yeah, because I realize what I must do... destroy the Orso Loobas.” She turned to face the bear. It was then, that the bear noticed her deep blue eyes turned dark purple. “Hail Kira Onyx, the future Mistress of—”
“Hello?” A distinct voice called out from above. 
The voice sounded familiar to the two, causing Maggie to snap out of her senses and return to normal.
“Hey, we’re down here!” Ruth called out, waving to the voice above. “Tommy, is that you? I can hear your voice!”
Tommy peeked his head down through the fog and found Ruth and Maggie. “How and why are you down there?”
“It’s a long story, but could you help get us out of here?”
Tommy wanted to help, but he didn’t know what to do to get everyone out of this situation. He had to think of something; he looked around at his surroundings, wondering if he could use something to help. Tommy looked up at the cages dangling from the ceiling with what seemed to be easily detachable chains. That was when he thought up a plan.
“Hang on; I’m going to rescue you!” Tommy exclaimed.
“Not so loud, you’ll wake them up!” Ruth warned.
“Them? Who’s ‘them’?”
“No time to explain, running out of time; just hurry, please!”
Tommy nodded in agreement. He made a head start so he could dash toward the edge of the cliff and jumped toward the cages, clutching onto the bars. 
Ok, the pit doesn’t look too thick. Tommy thought, while looking down. If I lower the other cage by using some aerobatics, then maybe—
A purple glow appeared out of the corner of his eye. The light pierced through the darkness from beneath the cliff wall. 
“What’s that sound? Can’t you see I’m trying to sleep—?” The purple eyes blinked and looked around the room. When they noticed Tommy, the eyes grew fierce with rage. “Hey, what do you think you’re doing? Not on my watch!” A surge formed around what looked to be their mouth and charged up an attack.
“Oh, crud!” Tommy panicked. 
He got stuck and had no way of escaping from the attack. His heart dropped as he grew stricken with fear, wondering what he should do. As the blast got fully charged and it fired at Tommy, he quickly shut his eyes tight to brace the impact. 
Riley entered the area and charged over to the cages, jumping in front of Tommy to take the blast instead. Tommy looked up and noticed Riley closing its eyes as the body turned from pink to purple to black as the lights dispersed into multiple balls of fire before getting sucked back into the dark area with purple eyes.
“R-Riley?” Tommy asked. Tears poured from his eyes as he screamed. “NOO!”
“Hmm, that was pretty good...” The voice echoed. “Now, it’s your turn…” Another purple blast went to attack Tommy. However, the explosion got countered and blocked with another beam, one that was colored aqua-green. “What the— how did that happen?”
“A-ha, I found you, Kira!” A familiar voice declared. Tommy looked over and saw Amy wielding a magical floating orb in her hand.
“You! How did you get here?” The voice questioned.
“A girl has her ways.” Amy glanced over at Tommy. “Regret separating from me now, huh?”
“I can’t believe you’re here again, face to face...” The voice in the dark hissed.
“Oh, a generic evil-looking cloud,” Amy muttered, rolling her eyes.
“What? How dare you forget about me?”
“Calm down, will you? I recognize your voice, but you’re irritating, you know that?”
“Ooh, that does it, you’re going down!”
“Fine then, bring it on!”
The two fought it out, and Tommy looked over to watch. He wondered how the two knew each other, but he didn’t have time to think. He had to get the others out, but how? 
Ruth leaped up to reach the cages, but couldn’t quite reach them. There had to be a way to get up there somehow. That was when Ruth remembered something, didn’t Bertha tell him to look for sources from different angles? That’s it!
He did a headstand beside a wall as Maggie climbed on him to try and balance on top of them. The two uncontrollably shook as she tried to reach for the cage but could barely miss it.
“Um, are you sure this will work?” Maggie asked, glancing down.
“I’m not sure, just try it,” Ruth replied weakly, trying to stay in balance. 
He looked down at the ground, noticing pebbles nearby the walls at the corner of his eye. Ruth and Maggie lost their balance and fell. As the two rubbed their heads, the Orso Looba thought up another idea. 
He walked over and grabbed some rocks. Looking over at the cage and aiming carefully, the bear threw the stone at an angle. The rock ricocheted and hit another cage beside Tommy, causing it to topple and sink to the ground. Ruth and Maggie could now make it out of the pit. The two jumped up on the chain and climbed.
“Hurry, guys, we need to get out of here!” Tommy exclaimed, extending his hand. “Come on and grab my hand!”
Maggie gulped. She could feel her palms profusely sweat as she tried to eye the distance between both of the cages while holding on to the edge of the cage. Maggie swallowed her pride as she leaped off from the chain to reach the other cage. She tried to pry for the bars but could barely miss it, Tommy reached over with his hand and grabbed her before she could fall. Maggie climbed back up and held on to the bars as tight as she could.
Ruth inhaled and exhaled before getting ready to jump as well. Tommy and Maggie moved aside to give the bear enough room to grab and climb back on to. Ruth released his paws from the chain and jumped off to reach the cage. Tommy and Maggie caught hold of him just in time while hanging onto the cage bars with their legs wrapped around them.
Amy tried to put up a big fight against Kira, the dark void, but the purple beam moved closer to hers, as she formed up a shield around herself to prevent herself from getting hit.
Tommy, Maggie, and Ruth went around the cage to jump off and land back on the ground while Kira got distracted. Amy glanced over at the others but soon got hit and knocked back, falling hard on the ground.
“Oh no, are you alright?” Tommy asked.
“I'm all right, but you guys need to get out of here!” Amy exclaimed.
“But we can’t do that—”
Screeching occurred, in which everyone covered their ears. 
“My powers are getting stronger than I could ever imagine,” Kira boasted. “Now, I’m better than Aehaby in every way imaginable!”
“Are you talking about Amy?” Tommy guessed. He shook his head and glanced up at the dark. “What’s your obsession with her, you crazy cloud? And where the heck is Antonio?”
Maggie didn’t think before shouting. “Wait, he’s—”
“Oh, but you’ll see him again soon enough...” The voice that pierced through the dark mentioned. “Now look into my eyes...”
“No, don’t do it! Stay away from—” Amy was too late, Tommy and Maggie noticed the swirls in the dark void’s eyes and became motionless. It seemed like the two got hypnotized, as they stood motionless and turned their heads towards Amy. “Oh, no!” She cried as they walked closer towards her, backing her up against the wall.
With more loud noises ringing out in the area, the place rumbled and shook, causing Maggie and Tommy to snap out of their trance. Boulders fell as the location fell apart.
“What’s going on?” Maggie asked, looking around the area frantically.
“Come on; the situation’s too dangerous to handle right now! We need to get out of here, or else we’ll cave in, or worse!” Amy yelled out.
Amy, Maggie, Tommy, and Ruth rushed to the mineshaft and made their way towards the exit while the darkness, presumably Kira, looked over at them.
“We’ll let you go for now, but this will not be the last we see each other...”
.-.-.-.
Meanwhile, Antonio, along with some Miletis, stood in front of a mountain. They looked over some snowy hills and a crystal tower at a distance. A vibration in Antonio’s pocket moved about as he reached down to grab out a walkie-talkie and turn on the device.
“Hey, Antonio.” The voice said through the mechanism.
“Yes, Kira?” Antonio asked.
“Where are you right now?”
“On our way to collect the next gem.”
“Excellent work. But beware, for the others will—”
“Try to stop me? Please, I doubt those guys could even touch me. I’d love to see them give it their best shot, though...”
“Wow, cocky much? I like it, but do you still want Tommy to join?”
Antonio looked over at the horizon, unsure of how to respond to the question. Then again, there wasn’t enough time to absorb the atmosphere. There was a gem to collect, and he needed to be sure to get it before Maggie did.


Episode 17


Larry stood outside near a cave along with some other dinosaurs, waiting for Amy and the others to make it out ok, so that everyone could escape together. Larry ordered the dinosaurs to attack from the sides of the cave, and hopefully, make sure the bad guys don’t get out and follow them. 
Amy has time to escape; I hope she can get out of there before it’s too late.
Lots of noises came from inside, but Larry didn’t know the cause or who made the sounds. He saw the cave would collapse real soon, so he told the dinosaurs to wait for the voices to come closer before striking down one more time.
“Hey, hold on!” A female voice shouted.
“Oh, there you are! Come on, hurry!” Larry exclaimed as Amy, Tommy, Maggie, and Ruth rushed out of the caves. 
As the group dashed away from the location, Larry gave out a signal for the dinosaurs to let out the finishing blow on the cavern, blocking the entrance.
“That was close. Seems like we’re safe for now.” Larry wiped his forehead and sighed. “So, how did I do? I helped big time, didn’t I?”
Amy panted and turned to glare at him. “What the heck is wrong with you? We could’ve gotten killed because of you!”
“Come on, Amy,” Tommy mentioned, raising his arms and getting between the two. “I don’t think this is a good time to talk about this.”
“Fair enough,” Amy sighed, calming down. “Let’s go back to my hideout; the dinosaurs can go if they want, or they can hide somewhere else...”
“Alright, sounds like a plan.” Tommy nodded.
.-.-.-.
The group made it back to Amy’s hideout in ruins and took a break to have some Lime Paradise flavored tea. Amy continued to glare at Larry while sipping her tea.
“I still can’t believe you did that...” Amy muttered bitterly. “Why didn’t you stay behind and—?”
“He tried his best to help without getting in the way.” Tommy defended, setting his drink aside. “Besides, who knows what would’ve happened had he not interfered.”
“I guess, but there was still a good chance he’d trap us down there with the enemy.”
“I’m sorry.” Larry apologized, looking away. “I didn’t think it through...”
“You should be.” Amy got up and poured herself more tea.
Tommy glanced over at Maggie and Ruth, who didn’t take a single sip from their drinks. “Are you guys, alright?”
“Yeah,” Maggie replied while staring down at her cup. “Antonio, on the other hand...”
“Oh no, what happened to him?” Tommy gulped and stared, waiting for a response. “Is he…?”
“No, he’s very much alive.” Maggie responded, “But I’m afraid he’s joined the enemy’s side...”
For a moment, Tommy grew speechless. Did he hear that correctly? His best friend has turned against him and the others? Why would he do that? 
“...What?” Tommy finally murmured under his breath. “No, it can’t be.” He felt his voice tremble as he struggled to hold back the tears forming in his eyes. “You’re not lying, are you? There’s no way Antonio would do such a thing, r—right?”
“Beats me,” Amy said while shrugging. “Maybe we can get the loser back to his senses?” She guessed. “Larry did say that those guys are brainwashed and crazy, right?”
“Well, he did, but—”
“So, what’s the problem? We need to find him and work on the way to—?”
“Wait, I think I know where he is and where we need to go.” Tommy interrupted.
“You do?”
“You see, I had gotten a vision while unconscious.” He clenched his hands as they rested on his knees. “I was also told to go to a place; I think it’s called Fearsome something?”
“The Fearsome Heights?”
“Yeah, that’s it! How do you know Amy?”
Amy dashed over to the control panel and activated some gem buttons. A portal appeared with a screenshot depicting a location containing endless bounds of snow. 
“That’s where the next gem is at.”
“Well, what are we waiting for? Let’s get going!” Tommy exclaimed, standing up from his seat.
“Wait!” Ruth interrupted. “Tom, do you remember who told you about, you know...?”
“Now that I think about it, one of them looked like you except had eyelashes, and I think was—”
“Bertha?” Ruth gasped. He quickly got up from his seat as well. “I’m going too!”
“No,” Amy interjected. “You need to rest after what had happened.”
“What? But we’re both fine; we can handle this, right, Mag—?”
“Go,” Maggie muttered. “We’d probably just get in the way...”
“Huh?” Ruth questioned. “But...”
“Please, it’s best for you.” Tommy pleaded. Ruth eventually gave in and sighed in defeat. Then again, wasn’t there another person next to her? Could that have been...?
“Um, maybe I should stay behind as well?” Larry suggested.
“Oh no, you’re coming with us.” Amy declared, pulling his shirt sleeve over to her.
“What? But why?”
“In case you do anything suspicious. The scientist could still be—”
“Are you one to talk?” Maggie questioned, with her eyes squinting.
“Of course?” Amy replied, while raising an eyebrow.
“Do you still not trust me?” Larry asked, feeling hurt by the remark.
“Besides, what exactly would he accomplish?” Tommy pointed out.
“Hmm, that’s a good point,” Amy responded.
“You see?” Larry mentioned. “It’s a great reason for me too—”
“I don’t like the attitude you got there. Something tells me I'll need to monitor you.” Amy confirmed.
“What? But, can’t I at least mention to Mag—?”
Amy gave Tommy and Larry two vials filled with a reddish liquid. “Here, drink the Brew of the Elements. You’ll be able to withstand the cold better.”
“Um, what’s in this?” Tommy asked.
“Blended crystals,” Amy replied.
“Uh-huh, and what else?”
“Classified.”
“Oh, come on!”
“Nope, no more time to waste, we got to get a move on!” Amy declared. “We’ll be back.”
And just like that, Amy, Tommy, and Larry headed towards the portal as it disappeared from view. Ruth and Maggie weren’t sure of what to do next as they sat there in silence.
“I wonder what he was going to say...” Maggie murmured.
“Huh, did you say something?” Ruth asked.
“No, it’s nothing.”
.-.-.-.
Larry plopped into the snow as Amy and Tommy watched him get back on his feet. The three looked around and found snow covering the entire area, complete with hills of different sizes and shapes, to boot, too. Who knows where the right way to the gem could be.
“So, is this it?” Tommy asked, kicking the snow off the bottom of his shoes.
“Well, what do you think?” Amy retorted.
Tommy wrapped his body and shivered. It felt like he ended up near the Antarctics or something. 
What is this place? And what would’ve happened if I hadn’t drunk that concoction?
“Shall we get going?” Amy asked with confidence.
“But there’s snow everywhere. How will we know where to go?” Tommy wondered.
“Ugh, follow me. I have a hunch on where it might be, but I’m not sure how long it’ll take. Stay close, ok?”
The three trekked through the deep snow. The thick blizzard kicked in as the wind blew through their skins. They covered their faces while walking along. The fog prevented them from seeing from a safe distance.
“Guys, can you see?” Tommy inquired.
“Sort of,” Larry replied, his teeth clattering. “How are we supposed to do this?”
“I know,” Amy said, snapping her fingers and pointing. “We can go up Snowy Bluff Mountain.”
“Uh, what sense does that make?” Larry asked.
“Do you seriously expect this place to make a lick of sense?”
“Well... no?”
The three found a smaller hill and climbed upon it to see if they could find a better view of the location.
“Hey, I have another question to ask...” Tommy spoke up.
“As long as it’s not suggesting that we take a break in the cold, go right ahead.”
“Why is this place called Fearsome Heights?”
“Ah, you’re about to find out right about… now,” Amy replied, standing proudly at the top of the hill.
The other two soon made it up and joined her as they got a closer look at the Fearsome Hill. It turned out to be an enormous size regarding height and weight. Tommy turned pale, watching the hill in front of him.
“Are you kidding me? We have to climb that?” Tommy shouted with exasperation.
“Yep,” Amy nodded. “Don’t worry, you got me, we’ll get there in no...” Her voice faded upon realizing the hill herself. “...Well, let’s get there as quickly as possible.”
After a while, Amy, Larry, and Tommy came across a massive hill of snow. Trying to find a decent starting place, Tommy pressed his hand against the deep-cut snow. A glow phased through the flurry as Tommy backed up in fear. 
The surrounding area rumbled as some snow toppled off. Then, four podiums rose from the ground, each containing a rectangle-shaped chalk box.
“How did that happen?” Larry questioned.
“Who knows?” Amy replied with a shrug. “But if I had to guess, this might be our chance to get on top of the mountain!”
“Well, in that case, let’s go check on it!” Tommy exclaimed as he dashed over to get closer to the podiums.
Larry placed his hands on his hips and tilted his head in confusion. “Man, how did that boy get far on this journey?”
“Beats me.” Amy shook her head.
Tommy looked at a red box inside a podium. He reached over and picked it up from its spot. The area soon shook again; the ground from below them separated and caused the three to sink to the bottom. It seemed like Amy, Larry, and Tommy got trapped in a large gray box with barely any exits.
“Um, was this what we were supposed to do?” Larry inquired.
“What do you think?” Amy retorted, throwing her arms in the air.
“Hey, what do you suppose this could be?” Tommy asked while holding the red container in his hand.
Amy’s mouth gaped upon seeing the item. “Are you serious? You took that from the podium without knowing what it does or what it could be?!”
“Sorry, I was curious. I’ll go and put this back...”
“Ok, how will you do that?”
“Um, help me get up, please?”
Larry allowed Tommy to get up on his shoulders to give him a boost up back on the snowy terrain. Tommy walked over to place the red box back on the podium, causing the ground to level back up, so Amy and Larry could meet up with him face to face.
“Alright, now that we took care of that, what do we do?” Larry asked while clasping his hands together. 
“Did I do something wrong?” Tommy pondered. He looked over at the other colored boxes. “Maybe it wasn’t the right one—?”
“Wait, curly!” Larry stopped him from doing anything else. “You might make it worse. You don’t even know what these things do and also mean...”
“Wait, what did you say?”
“I’m saying you should let the mature adult handle this situation.” He added while pointing at Amy.
Amy’s eyes widened with a grin. “Wow, for once I agree with you.”
“No, I mean, did you call me ‘Curly’?” Tommy inquired.
“Uh... yes?” Larry replied in confusion. “That’s what you’re concerned about?”
“Nobody calls me that and—”
“No one, but Maggie, is that right?” Amy muttered.
“How did you know she’s called me that before? And what does she have—?”
“Let’s see what’s up here...”
“Don’t ignore me!”
Amy walked over to check on the appearance of an inscription between the podiums. After taking a quick read of the words, she nodded her head as if understanding the source material.
“Ah, now I know what's going on,” She said, reading them at a brisk pace. “Can you read this?”
Larry leaned over and attempted to read the inscriptions, but couldn’t make out what it said. All it looked to be from his sight were a bunch of colored scribbles. That was when Larry realized it might be the clue. 
Amy explained to them both that it was a cryptic message written in what looked to be crayons. The trick being the words translated to what they needed to do.
“So, are you saying that Tommy had the right idea?” Larry quipped.
“That is correct.”
“Really?” Tommy questioned. He didn’t believe it either, he technically guessed. It couldn’t have been that easy, right?
“As I was saying.” Amy continued. “These rectangles are all out of order, and we need to switch them back to their respective stacks.” She turned to the others with her hands on her hips. “I’ll go read the sign while you both do all the dirty work.”
“What, why?” Larry objected.
“Maybe you should let the mature adult handle this?” Tommy mentioned with a smug grin.
“But— oh forget it, there’s no point in arguing with you people...” Larry sighed with a facepalm as he walked off toward the podiums.
Amy read the sign carefully. According to her, red should go before green, yellow before blue but also after green. As Larry and Tommy tried to figure out the puzzle and sorted them out in the specific order, the two realized something; the letters mixed sounded familiar to them.
“Oh, I get it, RGYB!” Tommy and Larry both exclaimed.
“Wait, you know that in order also?” Larry asked.
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure I learned that in art class,” Tommy replied while scratching the back of his head.
“Is that so? I learned it from—”
“Hey, guys?” Amy spoke up. “We got to get a move on!”
“Sorry about that.” Tommy and Larry apologized.
After placing the containers inside each of the podiums, the three backed away and waited for the results. The rumbling continued. The podium and written passage sank into the snow while the mountain in front of their view separated itself as some icy escalators had risen and spread out.
“Whoa, that’s so cool!” Tommy said in awe. He then realized what he had just said and groaned. “I can’t believe— did I just—?”
“I hate you,” Amy muttered as she walked toward the escalator.
“Hey, thanks for saying that for me,” Larry whispered in Tommy’s ear. “Too bad she hates you now, you have my condolences.” The man bowed as he left toward the escalator.
Tommy gave him the ‘I don’t want your pity’ look and went to follow suit.
“Come on, let’s head to this gem!” Amy proclaimed as she raised her fist in the air, already getting the mood out of her system.
.-.-.-.
Amy, Larry, and Tommy rode on the escalator as they headed up to the mountain.
“I’m bored,” Amy muttered.
“Already?” Tommy asked.
“Can this go any faster? I mean, how long will this take?”
“Did you seriously just ask that?”
“Aw, heck with it, let’s just run for it!”
“That might not be a good idea!” Larry exclaimed.
“Wait, don’t leave us in the dust!” Tommy added.
As they ran up the escalator, the three ended up getting sweaty and tired, their legs giving out; Larry suffered the worst of it.
“Ugh, this sucks...” Larry groaned.
“Come on; Larry, put your all into it!” Tommy tried to motivate him, to little avail.
“I don’t know if I can. I’m not in such good shape like I used to be.”
“Ok then, could you at least move out of the way so I could—?”
“Hey, guys?” Amy spoke up.
“Do you want us to stop ‘arguing’?” Larry guessed.
“Well, yes, but is it just me, or does it seem like we’re going in the opposite direction?”
“Hey, now that you mention it, why is the escalator going the wrong way? What’s going on here?”
“Look out and don’t trip!”
The three looked down, finding the escalator going off in a different direction, and tripped up while running. Once the escalator moved up again, the group all tumbled down on the up escalator. The moving stairway changed direction sporadically as the team grew nauseous.
“My everything hurts,” Tommy whined.
“No, we can’t falter now!” Amy exclaimed with determination.
“What are we going to do? At this rate—”
“I got it. Let’s climb up on the handles of this!”
“But we don’t have good friction!” Larry pointed out.
“Aw, don’t give up so quickly,” Amy reassured him with a wink. She took out two more vials with colored potions and handed them over to the other two. “Drink the Potion of Potency and watch...”
“You could’ve done that sooner?” Tommy questioned.
Amy glared at him, giving him an ‘I didn’t think of it until now’ look. Tommy and Larry hurriedly took the vials and drank them. After a while, Amy took a sip from another flask and climbed onto the handles. Tommy and Larry did the same.
Their movements zoomed upward toward the edge of the top of the mountain. Their bodies propelled and skyrocketed forward.
“If that escalator is going the opposite of what it’s supposed to do, then so will we!” Amy boasted.
“Say what?” Tommy questioned, flabbergasted.
“Hang on you guys; this is going to be a bumpy ride!” She grabbed both of their arms as they jumped off and landed on the highest peak of the summit.
They looked over and saw a bright red sun from far away, along with mist and clouds. The three noticed the scenery a lot better from up there and tried to locate the next gem. Beyond the horizon, Amy spotted the light blue crystal tower. She pointed out how that was where they needed to head to next, as she could sense the gem from a distance. It may have looked far away, but she still had a plan. 
Larry wondered how they could make it in a short amount of time. Amy grabbed hold of the guys and leaped off the mountain. The three tumbled down the snow until they formed a giant snowball and slid down, hitting the tower, breaking apart into pieces, and splitting out of the snowball reasonably quickly.
“Man, you could’ve warned us at the very least,” Tommy said, sighing in exasperation.
“It wouldn’t have mattered,” Amy replied. “It would have the same impact, regardless.” She turned and walked off toward the doors. “Now, let’s continue.”
“Hey, wait, I have a question for you.” Tommy brushed the snow off his clothes and walked over to her.
“Ugh, now what?” Amy stopped in her tracks and turned to face him.
“How do you know the name of the dark void? Do you two have some history going down between them—?”
“Whoa, hey there.” Larry interrupted. “This is Amy we’re talking about here, and you know she’ll just say—”
“It doesn’t matter.” Amy cut his sentence short. “You shouldn’t get involved in people’s businesses, anyway.
“But Amy—” Tommy tried to butt in, but she cut him off again.
“What matters is that you focus on your goal, is that clear?”
“My friend is in danger! All because of...”
“How would you know that? Maggie could be lying to you...”
“What? Why would she lie to us?”
“Do you know much about her?”
“Well, no, but she sounded so serious. What about you, Miss Classified? How can we possibly trust you when you constantly keep us in the dark?”
“What? You have no idea what—”
“Enough!” Larry shouted at the top of his lungs, causing the ground to shake briefly. Amy and Tommy stopped fighting and turned to face the man. “Whatever happened to getting the gem and not stalling around like nimrods?” He continued.
“Well, yeah, now that you mention it...” Tommy started with his head hung low.
More rumbling occurred as Amy spotted an avalanche across the distance. Realizing the sticky situation that they got stuck in, the three hurried inside the tower before they could get buried in the snow.




Episode 18


After heading back inside, Larry and Tommy blocked the door while Amy wiped her forehead with sorrow. The three looked outside the windows as they got covered in tons of snow. It seemed as if the group couldn’t get out and found themselves locked inside.
“That was close.” Amy sighed, placing a hand on her beating chest.
“But it looks like there’s no way to get out of here,” Larry mentioned.
“Maybe we shouldn’t worry about that for now. We have a goal, remember?”
“Oh, right.”
“Welcome to the first floor of... whatever this place is. What was it called again?” 
The three looked up and saw a chandelier above the ceiling; there didn’t seem to be anything else visible inside the large white room. Tommy walked forward and looked around. He didn’t watch where he went when he bumped into something, not in his view. Tommy rubbed his head and looked over, noticing a reflection of himself right in front of him.
“What the— is this some Mirror Maze?” Larry questioned, placing a hand on a mirror.
“Oh yeah, the name had something to do with mirrors,” Amy said. “Also, we should tread carefully and not hit any more mirrors.”
As the three strolled around the mirrors, Tommy recollected a time when his aunt took him to a funhouse when he was younger during summer vacation. Amy rolled her eyes, not interested in the subjects he discussed. While Larry seemed slightly intrigued by what Tommy had to say.
The group eventually found a door on the other side of the room and entered it, seeing as how nothing blocked the way to the entrance.
.-.-.-.
Amy, Larry, and Tommy found another white hallway, more vertical than horizontal this time. On the other side was another door. The area looked to be ordinary, albeit it being suspicious and too comfortable.
“Um, I don’t want to jinx anything...” Larry started.
“Then, don’t talk.” Amy retorted.
“But isn’t it weird that we’re not getting any more challenges? Why is that?”
“Maybe it’s not on their resume?” Tommy guessed, placing a hand on his cheek. “Now that I think about it, I feel like I’ve had this conversation before...”
“No wonder Maggie didn’t want to go on this adventure,” Amy murmured dejectedly.
Larry went closer to the door and glanced over at Amy. “So, do we go in?”
“Seems like we have no other option, but be cautious, ok?”
.-.-.-.
The three opened the door and entered the new room, only to discover another empty hallway. Only this time, light blue instead of white. Why were there small blue rocks around the floors? What were they supposed to be? Obstacles, some form of an enemy, something else entirely?
Abruptly, the door from the other side opened by itself as a beam of light pierced through and hit the wall. More lasers popped out as the group tried their best to avoid getting attacked by them. Soon, the shadow approached out of the door, and before them appeared to be a crystalized robot.
“What’s going on?” Larry questioned, taking a step back. “Why is there a robot here of all places?”
“I don’t know!” Amy yelled out. “Maybe the blue rocks have something to do with it?”
“Do you think those were the remains of the royal guards?”
“Who knows, but let’s take care of this mechanical freak!”
Amy leaped into the air and did a spinning kick on the robot’s head. The robot used its long and stretchy arms to chase after her, who ran away from them. The weapons attacked and hit the dark mirrors from the walls, causing the shards to scatter and the mirror to break and shatter into pieces. Larry and Tommy ducked and covered their heads. The two looked over, finding the not-broken shards have revealed another hidden path inside.
“Whoa, how’d that happen?” Larry inquired, raising his head.
“I got to be honest; I did not see that coming...” Amy replied. Tommy noticed that the hidden path contained a mysterious-looking door. “Ooh, nice find.” She complimented.
“Come on,” Tommy brought up, “Let’s get out of here before—” The robot had other plans as it slammed its arms in front of him. 
The robot extracted electricity from its metal arms as it moved closer to the others.
“Figures it wouldn’t be so easy.” Amy scoffed, gripping on its arms. “You guys go ahead, and I’ll take care of this bot brain!”
“But are you sure?” Tommy asked.
“You’ll get in the way, go. Don’t worry; I got this.” She finished as she charged off toward the mechanical beast.
Tommy nodded as he and Larry reached the secret door. However, Larry stopped in his place just before Tommy could enter the door. The two looked back, watching Amy continue her fight with the robot.
“Hey, Larry, what’s wrong?” Tommy asked with concern.
“I feel the need to help her out,” Larry replied.
“You do?”
“I don’t want to abandon her and let her handle it all by herself... not again.”
Again? “But how?”
“Don’t wait for me; go on ahead as fast as you can.” Larry rushed out as Tommy watched from afar. Eventually, Tommy realized what he had to do and left the area as fast as he could.
Larry took out an electric glow stick from his pocket and, seeing how the robot already distracted with Amy, ran to swing his baton at the robot. However, the cyborg turned to face him and lunged its arms at him. Larry held his stick in one of its limbs and catapulted from it and into the air.
While on the other side of the robot, the cyborg tried to activate drills to pierce Amy, but she dodged them by moving and side-stepping. When the cyborg used its other mechanical arms to try and grab her, she leaped into the air to avoid getting trapped.
Amy and Larry collided with one another in the air as they grabbed hold of their hands. They both spun around until they came down and drilled on top of the robot’s head. The droid ended up getting dizzy, but soon snapped out of it and saw the two jump off of it like a trampoline after the drilling. 
The cyborg charged up its electric laser to fire at Amy and Larry, but the two jumped off from their feet and separated to dodge the laser before it hit them both. 
As they both landed on the ground, Larry blocked the charged balls with his weapon, while Amy did a backflip and a sidestep to avoid the incoming attacks from the robot. 
While the cyborg got distracted, Larry lunged out with his weapon at hand and struck down in the middle of the cords of the machine's arms, causing them to break apart. Amy ripped off the detached arm and used it to push the other arms toward the mechanical body itself as the robot ended up getting electrocuted. Amy and Larry ran away to hide for cover before the robot self-destructed and caused damage to the area all around.
“That was insane,” Larry sighed. “We did a great job on teamwork, didn’t we?”
“Yeah, I guess,” Amy muttered in response, looking down at the remains of what once was a cyborg.
“Let’s go catch up with Tommy before he gets into more trouble.” He glanced at her and creased his eyebrow. “Is there something wrong?”
“It’s a shame we had to destroy that robot. I couldn’t believe it…” Why did it do that? Was he programmed to do that by someone? Or was it something more?
“Who knows, but we should probably get going, though.”
.-.-.-.
Tommy came across some long stairway. As he hiked up the steps, he missed the escalator as his feet got sore from all the walking. Eventually, Tommy had made it to the top of the stairs and came across a vast area with a significant platform standing out from others on the floor. Tommy wondered what the square could be and what made it remarkably different from the others.
He walked up to the plaza and stood on top of it, waiting for something to happen. It didn’t seem like anything happened at first. The place shook as the platform rose from above. Gravity moved as Tommy got pushed back on the platform as if it was an elevator.
Eventually, the elevator stopped in its tracks as he crawled out of the platform and came across more rows of stairs, complete with a large door at the top of the floor. Tommy soon got up and followed the staircase on her way toward the door. There didn’t seem to be any other path to head to either.
.-.-.-.
Tommy entered through the door and stepped into the spacious blue room with a white podium sitting in the middle of the area. He noticed the place covered in light blue rocks, dust, and glitter, just like some other places before. He put his finger on the ground as the sand trickled into his skin. Abruptly, a voice called out to him, interrupting Tommy’s thoughts. He looked around, wondering where the sound occurred.
“Well, well, hello there.” The voice said. Silence lingered in the air. “I said, hello?” It repeated.
Tommy turned to the source of the voice and noticed the person looking familiar. 
“Antonio, is that you? And you’re alive?”
“I sure am,” Antonio replied, placing his hands on his hips. “I never thought I’d see you here of all places.”
“But how—?”
“Uh, it’s hard to explain, especially to someone like you, but I’ll try my best to explain in good and short detail...”
“Hey, wait—”
Antonio took out a device with a radar and a bunch of colored buttons on it. 
“I used some technobabble to get back at those jerks, not to mention getting used to the powers of the teleport crystal, so I’ve been able to fight back and— hey, are you listening to me?”
Tommy blinked. “Ok, so anyway, it’s great to see you again.”
“Same, but where is everyone else?”
“Oh, well, they’re in the middle of something important, but Amy told me to go on ahead.”
“Is that so?” Antonio creased his eyebrow and grinned.
Tommy glanced over at the blue rocks. He was about to ask something when Antonio took something else out of his pocket to draw his attention. 
A blue gem?
“Oh, Tommy, look what I found.”
“Antonio, is that the gem of this place?”
“Not exactly. If you look closely, the jewel is fake.”
“Fake? I don’t see it.”
“Well then, observe.” Antonio lifted the gem in the air and then threw it on the ground, causing it to break and shatter into multiple pieces. Tommy’s mouth gaped open, surprised at the outcome.
“Did you seriously...?”
“I saw and examined it on the podium up there while you were away,” Antonio explained. “We need to look for the real one together, so what do you say?”
“You don’t need to ask me twice. However, I wanted to ask you—”
“If you’re wondering about the rocks, then I don’t know. It was like this when I arrived here.”
“Oh, I see.” Tommy bit his lip. “But, you know, I wanted to ask about something else...”
“Oh, then go ahead, what is it?”
“Um, is it true that you’re siding and working with the Miletis?”
Antonio’s smile quickly faded as his eyes shrunk in fear. He shook his head and tried to regain his composure before continuing with the response. 
“No, of course not. Like I said, I tried to escape from those guys. Who told you that?”
“Maggie, why do you ask?”
“So, do you trust what she says over your best friend?”
“What?” Tommy raised his arms in disbelief. “But I never said that!”
“You’ve only known her for how long?” Antonio snapped.
“Why are you so upset? I don’t understand—”
Abruptly, Antonio pushed Tommy out of the way as he rushed over to spot a door opened by a crack with an emblem on the side. 
“A-ha, I can see the secret passage! That must be where the real gem could be!”
Tommy stood there, wondering what was up with him. “Oh, um, that’s great but—”
“Oh, right, sorry about that explosion earlier...”
“It’s alright, I think?”
.-.-.-.
The two entered the secret room and walked their way to another podium. In their sights rested a shiny, floating blue gem in the center of the chamber. As the two headed forward, Tommy looked over, noticing Antonio acting strange, as he hung his head low and his glasses made a white reflection toward the ground. Eventually, Antonio spoke up again; only this time, his voice sounded colder in tone.
“Say, would we still be friends, even if we were on different sides? I meant if I had turned a new leaf.”
“Huh? Antonio, what do you mean by that?” Tommy asked, completely dumbfounded.
“Listen to me. Maggie is not who you think she is. Do you know why Marshall was despised? Why did the Bears start the war with those—?”
“What’s gotten into you?”
“We don’t need to fix Amy’s machine; we don’t need to help those bears win the war; we don’t even need to turn in those gems and leave this place...”
“Antonio, are you ok?”
Antonio stopped in his tracks to turn and face Tommy, who also stopped and took a step back to place his hands close to his chest. 
“Let’s work together to achieve dominance over not just this realm, but other worlds as well!” Antonio informed him. Tommy was speechless; he couldn’t believe what he said. “Just you and me,” Antonio continued, not missing a beat. “We can be the world’s greatest explorers ever to conceive! In every shape of the way, we’ll be even better than—”
“No, is that Kira getting to your head?” Tommy asked nervously, clutching his chest. 
“What are you—?”
“I don’t want to do something like that. I especially don’t want to submit myself to that witch, Kira!”
“Oh, I see,” Antonio replied in a disappointed tone. “I just wanted us to get along, but I guess it was too much to ask, wasn’t it?” He raised his head as he snapped his fingers. “...Boys, hold him off while I go get the gem.” As if on cue, more people walked out from the sides of the place to appear behind Antonio with creepy grins on their faces.
More Miletis? Tommy thought. So he is working with them? Then that means what Maggie said was—
“Not so fast!” A female voice yelled out.
Tommy turned to find Amy and Larry entering the scene.
“Don’t you dare put the finger on the boy and hurt him!” Larry added.
“Ah, Amy, how nice to see you again.” Antonio greeted with a grin. However, when he looked over at Larry, he let off a nasty scowl. “And Larry, I didn’t think you’d show up either, traitor!”
“Traitor, me?” Larry pointed at himself, looking offended. “No way! Amy got me out of the imprisonment and control when she could’ve easily left me—”
“But Kira was doing you a favor—”
“No, she wasn’t; Kira is just trying to use you like—”
“Oh, like you’d know what’s up with her plans? You don’t know much about Kira, either!”
Amy bit her lip and scoffed. “I’ll try to explain to you later just—” Amy glanced over, only to find Tommy had disappeared from her sight. “Huh? Where’d you go?”
“Over there!” Larry pointed at Tommy, sneaking around the area to get closer to the podium and gem.
“Hey, get away from that!” Antonio shouted. But Tommy didn’t listen. He grabbed hold of the blue gem as his body floated in the air. “Get them!” Antonio ordered the other Miletis.
“But sir, isn’t he—?”
“They’re all enemies, so hurry!”
The Miletis pulled out crystals to use as offensive weapons while Amy and Larry tried to fight back. 
“Come on, open your eyes!” Larry exclaimed.
“What’s gotten into you people?” Amy questioned them.
Antonio rushed over and got on top of the podium to get a clear view of Tommy. He leaped into the air and tried to grab the gem away from him, both of them left floating in the air thanks to the jewel’s magic powers.
“Antonio, please don’t do this!” Tommy pleaded.
“Hand it over and let go!” Antonio roared.
Just then, the blue gem made a prominent bright glow as it launched a light, blasting through the walls. A blizzard tornado came out and sucked Tommy and Antonio out of the palace.
“Oh no, the blizzard’s getting worse!” Larry shouted.
.-.-.-.
Tommy and Antonio fell onto the ice caps as they crashed down the snowy mountain. The two lost balance as they ended up getting separated from each other. Tommy looked over and saw Antonio sink lower into the abyss, prompting him to gasp.
“Antonio, hang on!”
He jumped down from an ice cap to ice cap until he got closer to Antonio. He extended his hand to reach out to Antonio. Antonio tried to stand up as he also reached out to try and grab his hands. However, before reaching for the hands, Antonio pulled back and stuck his hands in his pockets.
Tommy then noticed a small glow come out of Antonio’s pockets as he tried to move and jump to the icecap Antonio was in, but a hand grabbed his shoulder, preventing him from moving any further. He turned to see Amy standing there with a stern look on her face.
“Come on; we have to get out of here!” Amy proclaimed.
“But wait, I can’t leave without—” 
As the thick snow buried Antonio, a great big glow occurred from the blizzard, nearly blinding Tommy and Amy, which caused them to fall off the ice cap. As the two fell, they looked to their side as the crystal palace got tumbled and was buried in an avalanche.
“Oh shoot, the others are still inside there!” Amy panicked.
“What do we do now?!” Tommy asked in a panic.
“Brace yourself! We’re going in!” She shouted as the two fell into the sunken, snowy abyss.
.-.-.-.
Meanwhile, back in the base, Maggie and Ruth waited patiently for the others to return. The two stayed silent, ever since the other group had left in their search. Ruth glanced over at Maggie, who still felt down on herself.
Finally, the bear spoke up to get her attention. “Hey, are you feeling any better? You’ve been quiet for a while, and considering what had happened before...” Maggie said nothing in response. “I’m sorry.”
“Huh, what for?” She raised her head and asked.
“For yelling and blaming you for things beyond your control.”
“Oh... it’s alright.”
“Um, is it ok if I ask? Why did you stay behind?”
“It’s just like I said; I’d be getting in the way, especially since I keep on thinking about him,” Maggie muttered, hugging her knees closer to her chest.
“Oh, you mean your dad?” Ruth predicted.
“Yeah.”
“I know how you feel, and I’m glad you stopped me from going. Also, I probably would’ve been thinking about—”
Sounds of footsteps interrupted them; Maggie and Ruth turned, finding that it came from the other side of the door. Could there be someone outside in the hallways? The two peeked from the entrance to inspect where the sound came from, hoping that it was Riku and the other dinosaurs that wanted to find shelter.
As the two walked around and looked over, they noticed a red light pierce through the darkness. Maggie recognized the light that reflected on the faces being a fire crystal, and that those footsteps came from the Miletis, closing in on their base. But how did they find their area, and so quickly? 
As Maggie and Ruth rushed back inside the room, Ruth closed the door and tried to barricade it before the Miletis could find and break it down.
“Oh man, what could they be doing here?” Maggie questioned, frantically pacing the room.
“Do you think those guys could be looking for—?”
“Hey, do you hear something?” A Mileti’s voice spoke up.
“I thought I saw somebody over there not a moment ago.” Another one added.
“You have?”
“Right over there, the door’s locked! Pry it open!”
“We know you’re here, so come on out or else!”
“Come out quietly, and we might go soft on you.”
“Come on, tell us where the dinosaurs are, we know they’re here somewhere...”
Maggie ran to the control panel and walkie-talkie to get them up and running, or at least, contact somebody. There had to be a way to get others to know, right? Ruth continued to barricade the door, but failed. 
The Miletis soon stormed through with their crystals, but Ruth punched them both to try to make them drop the objects. One of the Miletis struck the bear with a shard, knocking him back in the process.
Maggie and Ruth got backed up into a corner as the Miletis marched over to them when the Raptors stormed out of the walls and tackled the Miletis. Riku knocked down a pot containing acid, making it fall on the floor, and causing the group to scatter and separate. 
Maggie and Ruth backed themselves up behind an empty portal. Riku swung its tail to move the potion filled with red content toward Maggie’s hands, in which she caught it.
“Riku, what are you guys doing?” Maggie asked. “You could get captured again!” The Raptors looked over at her and gave her a reassuring face. “Are you trying to protect us? You’ll be alright and can handle this, right?” Riku blinked and nodded. “I understand, farewell. I hope you make it out, ok.”
The control panel got hit, and the portal appeared behind them as the Raptors pushed Maggie and Ruth into and through the portal.
.-.-.-.
Maggie and Ruth tumbled and ended up in the snowy region known as the White Desert. Ruth popped himself out of the snow to prevent himself from getting buried. Maggie felt goosebumps and little hairs coming from her arms and legs. She could feel and sense her breath coming out of her mouth as she wrapped her arms around her body.
 Her teeth clattered like crazy as she searched for the vial, realizing that she had brought the thing with her. Maggie took out a flask, only for the content to fall out before landing on impact.
“S—Seriously?” Maggie whispered. “What should I do now?”
“Wait, hold on, I can help,” Ruth said. “My fur is warm.” He wrapped himself around Maggie to give her a warm bear hug. 
Maggie slowly moved her arms to wrap herself around Ruth as well and shut her eyes.
“T—Thanks,”
“Don’t mention it.”
Not knowing what to do in this blizzard, the duo planned to search for a shelter to rest in until the storm cleared up.
More rumbling noises occurred, as the two looked up to find an avalanche falling from above and coming down fast.
“An avalanche? Why now?” Maggie panicked.
“Who knows, but we need to run away!” Ruth exclaimed.
The two dashed from the opposite direction. Maggie soon lost her balance, tripped, and fell on the snow. Ruth quickly turned around and ran over to pick her back on her feet. The two couldn’t outrun the avalanche, so they took out a fire crystal to melt the snow and separate it all around them. However, the two accidentally melted the snow beneath their feet as they fell to the ground, screaming along the way.



Episode 19


Maggie opened her eyes in a squint and looked around the area she now ended up. Wherever the location is, the temperature seemed to be a lot warmer. She no longer felt goosebumps or the insides of her skin crawl. 
The walls around them felt rough and warm when touching the walls from the side of her body. The patches of snow scattered on the ground, where Ruth also laid restless. A bright light shined down on them from above the ceiling where the hole they made had occurred.
“Where are we now?” Maggie inquired.
Ruth soon woke up, got up, and shook his head in confusion. “I don’t know, but how do we get out of here?”
“I’m not sure, but if we don’t escape soon and find the others about our predicament...”
“Maggie...?”
“Do they even know where we are? Will we be stuck here and die alone?!”
“Maggie, please calm down!” Ruth interjected. “Why don’t we have a walk around? I'm sure we’ll find a way out of here...”
The two placed their hands on the walls as they walked along down the path. As they searched for a way out, the duo came across a bright aqua light out from the corner of their eyes. Ruth and Maggie noticed a significant gap in the wall where the brilliant glow derived. They couldn’t control their bodies as they propelled forward toward the light. 
In the center of the new room, an orb floated on top of the podium. Maggie and Ruth leaned over and tapped on it. The sphere spun and created a projector that depicted another Orso Looba. 
The bear appeared to have wrinkles on his face and a fancy-looking crown on its head. He didn’t have a natural color palette like the others, as the projection made it into another color.
“Greetings,” The voice spoke. “I’d like to inform the remaining survivors of what’s going on and hopefully right what I’ve wronged.” 
“Hey, do you recognize him?” Maggie whispered. Ruth shook his head in uncertainty.
“I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Cornelius.” The voice continued.
Ruth covered his mouth and stepped back. “No way, I’ve heard that name before... is that you, Grandpa?”
“Wait. What?” Maggie turned to Ruth, her mouth gaped. “Are you serious?”
“Yeah, but why—?”
“Listen closely, inhabitants; I only have time to say this once.” Cornelius continued. “On second thought, I’ll showcase to you what had happened in the past.” The elder bear activated a trajectory screen large enough to cover the room like a planetarium without having to strain one’s eyes too much.
.-.-.-.
“I was on an expedition with my fellow men as we went off to scavenge some food, water, and other supplies and minerals for back home once we had finished.
‘Hey sir, how long will we be doing this for?’ One of my troopers asked.
‘Yeah, some of us are getting tired.’ Another added.
‘Not until we get everything needed in preparation.’ I replied with confidence. ‘I promised I’d bring the stuff necessary for this...’
‘Well, we don’t think you’re wrong, but—”
‘I don’t wish to let my son down. What’s wrong with—?”
‘Nothing sir, but—
“An explosion occurred, catching us all off guard.
‘What was that sound?’ A novice ranked trooper named Bob questioned.
‘I think it came from over there...’ I pointed in a direction. 
“My keen sense told me it was somewhere in that direction; the others could sense something as well.
‘Should we investigate?’ Bob inquired.
‘One team will explore the area with caution, and the other team will continue to search for supplies. Just in case, have your weapons handy, and be careful.’
“A small group I was in headed over to the bushes to where the source could be. I peeked through them and discovered some black marks on the ground. There, some unusual creatures took the form of more humanoid figures than with white coats and gray uniforms on them. 
“They seemed to be unsure of their surroundings. I wondered if the creatures could be friendly, so I stepped forward to greet them to the best of my capabilities.
‘Greetings, young ones. I’m the leader of my tribe. And who might you be?’
‘Um, not sure.’ One humanoid replied.
‘What am I doing here again?’ Another pondered with uncertainty.
‘You mean you can’t recall?’ I asked.
‘No, sorry...’
‘Do you at least know where you came from?’ I questioned.
“Before the humanoids could answer or try to conjure up an answer, I heard my other group call for me, saying that they had gotten more grub with the help of some dinosaurs. I complimented the troopers on a job well done, while the human-like creatures seemed in awe.
‘Dinosaurs are here? Are you serious?’
“That was when I thought up an idea. ‘Say, how would you like to come with us to our village?’
‘Are you sure about that?’ One human pondered. ‘We had only just—'
‘Yeah, he has a point. That doesn’t seem like a good idea.’ Bob added.
‘I’m sure; these guys can be our guests of honor.’ I looked over at the humans. ‘So, what do you say?’
“The people had thought hard and long about the decision. But eventually, they accepted the offer. ‘Sure thing, we’ll take you up on that generous offer.’
‘Great, now follow me.’
.-.-.-.
“We soon arrived back at the village with all the goods. The villagers stopped with what they did and surrounded us in delight. The humans hid behind us in worry as they shook in their boots.
‘Welcome back.’ A younger Orso Looba greeted excitedly. He looked up, saw the other humans, and stepped back, wincing. ‘Who, what are those?’
‘I’m not sure. All I know is that they’re travelers from another world. Just be nice, ok?’ I informed them.
‘How do we know if we should trust them or not?’
‘What, should I just leave them there?’
‘I don’t know...’
‘Come on, everyone, let us prepare a welcome party for our new guests.’ I told the other villagers.
“Everyone got excited, except for the younger bear from before, who didn’t seem to like or trust the unknown people from another world. Said bear was my only son, Cedric.
.-.-.-.
“In the dining room, the chefs and brewers helped prepare a big feast for the new guests of honor. The meals showed up to be different variants of berries and fish we had from the hunt, Berry Salad, Berry Punch, Berry Soup, Berry Taffy, and even Fish Fingers, etc.
‘I didn’t know you could find so many varieties of pure berries.’ A human said, slack-jawed.
‘We always do so.’ I recalled. 
‘I see, thanks.’ After eating their meals, they sighed happily. ‘This was exquisite.’
‘Glad you enjoyed it.’
‘I have, to be honest, I don’t think we deserve this...’
‘Yeah, no kidding...’ Cedric muttered.
‘Son, what’s gotten into you?’ I asked.
‘Why do they get to go first? Is it because they’re special guests?’
‘Look, I—’
‘Why must you focus on these cretins even though you just met them? That’s insane! Some King you turned out to be, I’d probably make a better one than you!’
“I was speechless. How could Cedric say such a thing? The humans weren’t sure if they caused the commotion or not. 
‘We should leave.’
‘Wait,’ I interjected. ‘We were thinking of showing you around and—'
‘Thanks for the hospitality, but we should probably get going. Not everyone is welcoming of our presence.’ He said as his group got ready to leave.”
.-.-.-.
Maggie was not impressed with what happened so far, while Ruth seemed genuinely upset.
“Wow, my father was this selfish...?” Ruth murmured.
“I’m not digging this.” Maggie groaned, lifting her hand over the orb. “I’m going to skip around some bits and pieces of—”
“No wait, we might miss out on some crucial stuff!”
“Alright, fine, just a little longer...”
The two came across another visionary screen containing the humans walking off outside in the unknown parts of the lands with their heads hung low.
.-.-.-.
“‘Hey, Henry, where are we going to go?’ One asked.
‘I’m not sure, Steve,’ Another replied. ‘But we better find a place to stay, or we might risk getting in danger.’
‘Um, what about that?’ 
“A guy pointed as the group looked to see a gray Kritocephalorex stand and look down on them. Their bodies sweat as they could feel and hear their hearts beat rapidly in the dinosaur’s face. Nobody was sure what to do, run, provoke, or do something else?
‘No, wait, don’t provoke it!’ I shouted. ‘Hold your ground!’
“The group of humans did what I told them and stood their ground. The Kritocephalorex then walked away, leaving the others to sigh in relief.
‘Thanks for the help,’ The humans said. ‘But why are you here, Mr. Bear?’
‘I realize I can’t leave you here in the dark. I’m worried about—'
‘We appreciate your concern, but we can handle this.’ Henry said.
‘Look, I’m sorry about what my son said, at least let me make it up to you.’ I informed him.
‘But how?’ Steve questioned.
‘Promise me you’ll keep it a secret?’ I asked.
‘Sure.’ Henry and Steve replied.
“I, Cornelius, had the group follow me to one of our super unique secret caves: The Fathomed Hallows. 
“Inside, my team would operate in the caves. Some other stuff inside were minerals and crystals of the sort. I figured the least I could do was show them a place where they could get a good night’s rest for the time being.
“The aura and atmosphere were warm and soothing. And the humans found some fresh and soft spots to sleep. They also had bags on their backs, likely the food and supplies that they’ve had.
.-.-.-.
“After exchanging our farewells, I left them and headed back to my village, hoping my son didn’t notice I went. When I closed the door to my hut, I turned to see Cedric waiting for me instead of sleeping in his bed. I waited with bated breath, wondering if there was any reason he got out of bed to wait for my return.
‘Hey, dad?’ He then spoke up. ‘I’m... I’m sorry about what I said earlier today.’
‘No, to be honest, you’re right.’ I said, pointing at my crown. ‘You probably would be a better king than me. Someday, you’ll wear this.’
‘But I don’t— I mean; do you think I can—?’
‘Yes, I do.’ With a soft smile, both of us made an embrace shortly after.”
Watching the vision from a glance, Ruth felt awed by it while Maggie said nothing, but she lowered her head and wiped her eyes so he wouldn’t see.
“The next day, I went on another expedition. My son wished me the best of luck before I left; it made me feel a little chipper inside. I didn’t tell him I wanted to go back to the caves and check up on the other humans. 
“Bob seemed to be unsure of the decision, but he still looked willing to support my choice either way. I wouldn’t want them to follow me if they didn’t feel like it, but I had to make sure those humans did nothing reckless.
“Eventually, my group and I made it back to The Fathomed Hallows where the people in coats were. They seemed to be awake but had grim looks on their faces as they appeared to be working on some external devices we hadn’t seen before. Were they from the bag, or did they create those out of thin air? And what were they doing? Why did they feel so glum?
‘Hey, what’s that?’ I asked with confusion and concern.
‘Corn, this is our equipment.’ Henry explained. ‘We can’t stay here any longer...’
‘What? But why?’
‘We’re on a mission, to record important stuff and then come back to bring them to our leader.’
‘So, you remembered and got your memory back?’
‘Well, about that,’ Steve mentioned. ‘we never lost our memory, to begin with...’
‘But, who is this boss of yours?’ Bob inquired.
‘Say, have you ever heard of a man named Marshall U. Johnson?’
Maggie’s mouth gaped open upon hearing the name.
‘No, we haven’t.’ I replied, while tilting my head.
‘One day, we snuck into his lab to get the machines to work properly without Marshal's notice. But we all accidentally ended up sucked up into this area. We have no idea how to get out of here, that’s why we’re trying to figure out a way.’ Steve explained.
‘Is... There anything I can do to help?’ I asked.
‘No,’ Henry said. ‘but if we never see each other again, then I’d like to say goodbye, and thanks for everything.’
‘You’re welcome...’
“Our group soon left on our way back to the village. While on the way, I heard a strange faint sound — a voice saying “Freedom” over and over. I looked over at the site where the humans had crash-landed before. I didn’t see anyone over there, but the ground seemed like charcoal and rough.
“Bob tapped me on the shoulder, wondering if there was something wrong with me, and tried to snap me out of my conscious thoughts. 
‘Hey, are you ok? What are you looking at?’
‘Oh, it’s nothing, let’s get going...’ I said as we continued to walk off.
.-.-.-.
“Little did the elder bear know that underneath the ground had something sinister. The land soon broke apart as a dark shadow raised out. The shadow looked around the area with piercing purple eyes.
‘Ah, finally, I’ve been released, perfect.’ The voice said. ‘Now it’s time to get my revenge, but where to start?’ The shadow noticed a dinosaur drinking some water. With a grin, the shadow entered inside the dinosaur, turning it from gray to black and making it grow in size and structure.
“As the humans still inhabited inside the cave with their machinery, they came across a big, black dinosaur with purple eyes and a nasty-looking grin staring at them. The humans got paranoid upon seeing the creature. 
Before anything dangerous could happen, the vision closed itself as static appeared.
Maggie and Ruth were speechless as to what they’ve seen. “I saw that black dinosaur before,” Maggie said while trembling in fear. “And I’ve also heard that voice somewhere too...”
“It turned into a Macroplocedraco!” Ruth exclaimed. “Whatever it did, must’ve left a horrible impact on those poor people...”
Cornelius continued, “I just wanted to let you realize that they’re not bad, but if I had noticed and done anything to try and help them, then none of this would’ve happened...”
“But wait, why are you telling us all of this, grandpa?” Ruth asked. “How do we put a stop to—?”
“Do you think he’d know the answer to that despite foolishly not going for—?”
“I heard that there is a way to stop her,” Cornelius interrupted Maggie. “But—” The orb cracked up as the vision disappeared from their sight.
“Huh? Hey!” Maggie called out, shaking the object. When nothing responded, she lowered her head and sighed sadly.
“Aw man, now what do we do?” Ruth pondered.
“Why were those guys doing that? I thought nobody helped my dad, nor did they like...”
“Well, what if the people were just jealous,” A voice guessed from a distance, “And wanted to be just as creative as your father?”
Maggie turned as the source of the sound stood in front of her. “Larry, what are you doing here?” The man looked and acted strange. Something didn’t seem right about him, the way he stared them down and the way his tone of voice inflected. “And how would you know about my dad? Are you ok—?”
Larry’s frown turned into a small smile. “Do you want to know?”
Maggie took a step back as Ruth stayed beside her in fear. “Who— What are you?”
“Pay close attention and have a look at this.” Larry pulled the sleeve off his shirt to reveal a strange symbol of a tattoo on his arm. Ruth covered his mouth while Maggie gaped her mouth open. “My name is not Larry, it's Paphet. I lied about what I said before, but I’m a royal guard descended and determined to protect Queen Aehaby.”
“Wait,” Maggie shook her head. “Are you telling me the real reason you came here is that of...?”.
“Well, I didn’t intend to get stuck here on purpose!” Paphet remarked.
“Oh, really now?”
“Yeah, you can blame it all on Kira. Ask her Majesty about it.”
“But who is she, and where can we find this woman?”
“Well, if you want to know, I can tell you, but I’m afraid that is classified.”
Maggie tilted her head at that response, but when she let the words sink in, her eyes widened upon realizing it. 
“Oh no, don’t tell me...”
.-.-.-.
Meanwhile, somewhere else in the underground caverns, Tommy and Amy lay restlessly in the patches of snow. 
Just then, a being wrapped around in light appeared above their heads. The figure turned out to be Bertha, who looked down at their hurt bodies, covered in bruises, scars, and wounds, frowned upon seeing the calamity.
“Oh my, you’re both hurt. I got to do something about this.” She said to herself. 
Bertha then thought up an idea. The Orso Looba unleashed a few power orbs from her paws and placed them inside their bodies, praying for the two to get up.
“There, that’s all the power I can give to you two. I hope you make it out, ok. Please, you’re our only hope of restoring peace and salvation for all lands. I wish you the best of luck.”
She soon disappeared. Tommy moved his finger as he opened his eyes and slowly trudged out of the floor and looked around the area. When he noticed Amy, he went over to give her a nudge to try and wake her up. Eventually, Amy woke up and saw Tommy glancing over at her.
After exchanging some pleasantries, Tommy asked if she knew where they were now. To which she replied that they must be inside another cave.
“Great, just great,” Tommy said in a bitter tone.
“I think we should find a way out of here, and I might know how to do just that. But first, we need to find Larry, in case he gets down here as well.” Amy informed him.
“Where can we locate the guy? If he was here, how could—?”
“We should call Larry via the walkie-talkie in case he still has it.”
“Ok...” Tommy inhaled and exhaled as he tried to hold back the tears from streaming down his face. 
Amy noticed him feeling blue, walked over to put her hand on his shoulder, and tried to reassure him. 
“Don’t worry about it; it’s not your fault. I mean, at the very least, we got the gem at our disposal...”
Tommy wiped his eyes and nodded in agreement. He reached down into his pocket to bring it out, but couldn’t feel anything inside. He checked on all of his pockets to search all over for the gem as Amy looked over nervously, trying to keep up her smile.
“...Right?”
“Um, I’m pretty sure I had it, so why...?” Tommy inquired.
“This can’t be. I was so sure you had the gem, and I saw it with my own eyes!”
“Oh no, I must’ve lost it while out in the blizzard, and Antonio took it away from me before he...”
“Ugh, that son of a...”
“Hey, where are you guys?” The two heard Paphet call out. “Are you around here?”
“Yeah, we’re over here!” Amy exclaimed. In front of her, Paphet walked out of an area, along with Maggie and Ruth.
“Hi, it’s great that we reunited again,” Paphet said. “Why the long face? Were you feeling—?”
“Not now.” Amy glanced to glare at Maggie and Ruth. “What are you two doing here? You were supposed to have—” Ruth whispered to her what had happened that led them to arrive here. “Say what?! Oh shoot, we need to get to the pylon ASAP!”
“But, shouldn’t you also be worried about the gem?” Maggie asked.
“Well, uh, they only got one,” Amy hesitated, “And we have more so far. We got to rest back in the base for the time being, however.”
“But how—?” Tommy was about to ask.
“I know a shortcut we can try out.” Amy proposed, wielding a device depicting a rectangle. “This is an invention I created called the Pylon Seeker; with this, we’ll be able to get there in no time at all.”
“You know, usually when someone says that, the opposite happens.” Maggie pointed out.
Then, immediately afterward, Amy came across a wall with a faint glow behind it. Touching the wall, it broke apart and separated itself from the others. In their front view, a monolith stood in the center of the room with the ceiling torn apart, and the light shone down on it.
“Oh, well, never mind then,” Maggie stated.
The group headed over to the pylon to try and reactivate it to see if it’s still operational. While doing so, Tommy stood on the sidelines, muttering something to himself about something. Only Maggie had noticed him mention it.
“Huh, did you say something, Tom—?”
“Hey, the pylon still works, let’s get going.” Amy proclaimed.
Maggie and Tommy nodded in agreement. She waited until later to ask or bring up the conversation from before.









Episode 20


The group made it back to Amy’s secret base. It seemed everything was in order again, but upon closer inspection, things appeared to be different than before. 
“Alright, we finally— wait, what?” Amy shouted.
The place became shambled, the pots and bottles fell out with their contents spilled over. Nobody else was still here, not even the dinosaurs or the Miletis. The device with the gems broke. A good chunk of the buttons were missing.
As Maggie called out for Riku’s name, Papeht and Amy looked over at the now broken control panel. Ruth wondered if the dinosaurs ran off somewhere after what had happened beforehand.
“How could this have happened?” Amy fell on her knees in defeat. The group had lost some gems, including those that should've been stuck in place.
“It doesn’t look like they’re all gone, however...” Paphet pointed out.
“I still need to reboot the system and see if it will work again. And if it succeeds, we can probably find the next gem and the other team’s whereabouts!”
“But what if we can’t do it?”
“If not, we’ll have to go on foot, but I got to try.”
“Hey, if you don’t mind,” Maggie piped up. “While you’re working, can I ask you a question?”
“I do mind,” Amy replied. “I should use this opportunity to concentrate on this...”
“Oh, I’m so sorry to hear about that, Amy,” Maggie squinted her eyes. “Or should I say... Queen Aehaby?”
“What—” Amy quickly turned to face Maggie, taken aback by the remark. “What did you say? How did you—?” Amy looked over at Paphet, who turned away and pretended to whistle to avoid suspicion, but by doing so, ended up making him more suspicious. “Looks like somebody finally got their memory back.”
“Well, of course, it was partly thanks to you, though…” Paphet chuckled lightly.
“Don’t try to waltz your way out of this one by making a classified statement,” Maggie continued, taking a step closer. “Tell us what’s going on and what your relationship with Kira is!”
“Y-Yeah, I want to know too!” Tommy added. “We won’t help you out unless you bring it up to us!”
Amy bit her lip and turned to the side of her head, mumbling. She tried to think up an excuse to not tell them, but couldn’t think of anything. Eventually, she sighed in defeat.
“If you want to know, then fine. I’ll tell you all. I must warn you; it’ll take a while.” Everybody nodded their heads in agreement and got comfortable before she started the whole story. Amy looked over at her control panel and frowned. “It happened so long ago, back when Kira wasn’t always like what she is now...”
.-.-.-.
“Years ago, I worked on a super-secret project with blueprints, a desk lamp, and other stuff surrounding my room. Kira stood by my side, helping me with support as we went over our plans, our plans for world conquest.
“A couple of days after that, at night time, I snuck out of my room to try and meet up with Kira again. We planned to head toward the airport to catch a plane to set out and explore many worlds outside our hometown. 
“I felt a hand placed on my shoulder. I panicked a bit and jumped back, only to find one of my suitors standing there with concern. I had a bad feeling I got busted and would get in trouble, but he looked sadder than mad; it was strange.
“He didn’t say much and walked off, insisting that I follow. I wasn’t sure what went wrong, but I still followed him.
.-.-.-.
“Once we got to our destination, the place my suitor wanted to show me, I couldn’t believe my eyes. My heart dropped, and my face went pale upon seeing the bodies wrapped in a tarp. I could still recognize my parents' faces inside there. I had never bothered to tell my parents about the expedition. Whatever had happened, could they have been killed while worrying about me? Other people around me wore black clothing and looked at me in sorrow.
“Tears welled down from my eyes as I landed on my knees and placed my hands on the grass. ‘How did this happen? Why—?’
‘We’re sorry, but we’re not sure...’ The suitor replied.
“Then, a voice called my name. It sounded familiar. 
‘Aehaby, are you over here?’
‘Duchess, is that you?’ I looked back up and saw the Duchess walk over to me and lift my chin.
‘Oh, I’m glad you’re alright.’ She said as she wrapped her arms around me in a warm embrace. ‘We thought something terrible happened to you after—'
‘Um, no, I’m fine. But...’
‘Please, won’t you follow your in parent’s footsteps? I know you don’t want to be queen, but—.'
‘I’ll do it.’ I stated.
‘Wait, you will?’ The Duchess asked.
‘Yes.” I wiped my eyes, got up, and nodded. “What should I do to prepare?’
‘Wonderful, I’ll take you to my place so we can train...’
‘Sounds good.’
As I followed the grown-ups to our destination, I had forgotten Kira and never told her about my change of plans. Would things have been different if I had? I’m not sure.
.-.-.-.
“Many years went by, as the coronation began — many people in the town gathered by the Rose Stronghold. The Duchess showed up and walked out of the balcony. She went over to the microphone to do a mic check before starting her speech. As she talked to the people, everyone stayed silent and looked up.
“I entered the scene with my hair down and wore a turquoise dress. The people applauded and stared in awe. I bowed down as the Duchess placed the golden crown with colored gems around it on top of my head. I looked back at the horizon and the people with a smile.
“After the coronation ended, I walked back to the throne room and stretched my arms, yawning.
‘You did great.’ The Duchess said, clapping. ‘That went better than I thought.’
‘Yeah, but that was exhausting. I feel tired.’
‘I think you’ll do just fine without me around.’
‘What? Why do you say that?’
‘Well, first, I’ve got nothing to teach you. Not to mention, old age is catching up with me...’ The Duchess informed me.
‘No, don’t say that!’ I exclaimed.
‘I apologize, your Majesty, but soon, you must decide on your own.’
‘Oh, well, thank you so much for everything, Duchess.’
‘Don’t mention it, dear.’
“As we embraced, a knock from the other side of the door got our attention. We turned to face a man entering the room and saluted us. 
‘Excuse me; I hope I’m not interrupting anything from you.’
The Duchess and I separated as I cleared my throat to reply to him. ‘Not at all, what is it, Stels?’
‘You have a visitor; shall I send her in?’ Stels offered.
‘Uh, depends, what’s her business to meet with me?’
‘The lady claims to be a friend of yours?’
No way. Could it be...? I thought to myself. ‘Yes, you may send her in.’
“After a while, Stels had returned to summon the lady from before who wished to see me. And to my surprise, it was my long-lost friend, Kira. I recognized her face and voice, but the appearance was still fuzzy on the details.
‘Hello, long time no see.’ Kira greeted.
‘Kira, hi!’ I exclaimed, rushing over to hug her. ‘I can’t believe we’ve met again after all this time! We hadn’t talked with one another for the longest time since...’
‘I know, but since then, I have gotten a new job as a mage.’ Kira hugged back before we separated once more.
‘Oh, is that so?’
‘Why yes,’ Kira said as she bowed down before me. ‘And I wish to—’ She looked over and noticed the Duchess. ‘—Hey, who’s that?’
‘This is the Duchess; she’s taught me so much back in the day.” I introduced her. “Have you not met yet?’
‘I don’t mean to interrupt,’ Stels interrupted. ‘But rest up soon, my liege. You have an important meeting tomorrow, so you might have to cut the chat short soon.’
‘Oh, is that so?’ I turned to Kira with a small smile. ‘It was great to meet you again.’
“Kira made a nasty glare at someone else for a moment but then pulled out a big smile towards me. 
‘Yeah, same to you too.’
“I was confused, but I didn’t question it. Something tells me I should have done so.
.-.-.-.
“Later that night, while I slept in my turquoise bed, I heard a strange sound coming from the other side of my bedroom. I leaned my head forward and squinted my eyes at the door creaking open. There, I saw Kira enter the room, trying to sneak by. Was she after my crown on the podium beside my bed?
‘Kira, is that you?’ I mumbled, rubbing my eyes.
‘What? Oh, hi there.’ Kira said.
‘What are you doing up so late? And why are you here?’
‘Aw, are you saying the sleepover is over?’
‘Look, I need to get to sleep for tomorrow, so if you could—.'
‘But, Aehaby, this is our chance to get out of here; since you’re a Queen now, so there’s a higher chance that you can take over these—'
‘Kira, look, that’s a thing of the past.’
‘But after everything, even after watching you and waiting for you to come to the airport, getting applied to my job, training for this day to come, why would you—?’
‘I’ve moved on, and so should you, now if you’ll excuse me.’ I turned my head over and attempted to go back to sleep.
“Kira scowled as she turned her head in a huff and stormed out of the room, slamming the door in the process and jolting me awake.
.-.-.-.
“Weeks had gone by since then, and I had not heard from Kira either. While The Duchess slept soundly, I worked with my guards to compromise a trade with another country. One of them, named Stels, came to me with some paper in his hands.
 ‘So, did they reply to our request?’ I asked.
‘Yes,’ Stels replied. ‘They’re willing to compromise a trade!’
‘Excellent work Stels, let’s travel by ship and—'
The grand doors behind us slammed open as Papeht entered the premises, looking terrified. His body got sweaty and his eyes widened in shock and paranoia.
‘Aehaby, bad news!” Papeht yelled out.
Oh, great. I thought, rolling my eyes. What does Papeht want now? ‘What do you want? And don’t call me by my first name, ok?’
Papeht knelt before me and sighed. ‘I apologize, your Majesty, but a visitor is waiting for—'
‘Now, at a time like this? I’m busy, so if you could tell—'
“Kira pushed Papeht out of the way and stood between the guards with a sinister smile spread across her face. ‘Why hello there!’ She greeted me with a bow. She caught me off guard as I took a step back. ‘Kira, what are you—? Have you learned nothing? Is there something you want? I need—'
“Kira moved her arms behind her back as her body wobbled back and forth. 
‘Do you ever wonder how your parents died? And why the Duchess called you away from us?’
‘She felt sorry for—'
‘Oh? Then where is she now?’
‘I’ll go find her!’ Stels exclaimed as he was about to run off, but another guard came in to proclaim an announcement.
‘Emergency! The Duchess is lying motionless beside the bed with dropped tea on the floor!’
‘Did you check the body?’ Stels questioned.
‘Yes, but we can’t hear her heartbeat, and her skin feels cold!’
‘Do you want me to—?’
‘Oh, no... Is the Duchess dead too? How’d that happen?’ I felt my heart drop upon hearing those words. I fell to my knees and hung my head in sorrow.
“Kira took a few steps closer to me while laughing at herself softly as the guards noticed and tried to prevent her from going forward. 
‘Hey, get away from her!’ Stels thundered as he charged toward Kira. 
“However, Kira unleashed a purple aura around her fist as she lifted the man into the air in a chokehold before slamming him on the ground.
“Larry ended up stuck between the two, unsure what to do now. Check up on Stels or cheer me up?
‘I warned you,” Kira said as she turned to face me as she walked closer. “Now allow me to put an end to your pain by taking away your crown...’ She moved her hands toward the crown on my head.
‘No!’ I yelled as a blast of radius came out of my body and pushed back a shocked Kira to the ground. The crown took my body as it soon levitated high into the air while everyone watched over me.
‘Aehaby, don’t do it!’ Papeht cried. ‘You’re going to get yourself—'
“Kira shoved him out of the way before he could finish his sentence. She used her dark magic to propel herself into the air and unleashed a blast of magic at me. 
“However, the crown projected a barrier to ricochet the magic and prevent me from getting hurt. Kira then charged to the barricade bubble and knocked it off, trying to bounce around the walls and get me to drop the crown.
“Papeht and Stels watched from below in horror as they were unsure of what to do next. Papeht didn’t want to risk hurting me by accident while Stels didn’t want to sit back and watch the chaos ensue, with my life and crown on the line.
“Stels ran over to a wall and leaped off from it. He used a light green orb to strike and home in on Kira. We separated as it hit the walls. The barrier broke apart as we fell to the floor. I landed on Papeht as the carpet broke Kira’s fall. The crown got knocked off and fell into Kira’s hands. Stels threw some dark blue blasts at Kira, but she blocked it off with her elbows.
‘Yes, at last, I got the crown!’ Kira exclaimed.
‘Oh, shoot!’ Stels panicked.
‘Aehaby, why live life behind the doors when you can just be free outside?’
‘Please stop this Kira!’ I cried out.
‘Join me,” Kira insisted. “We can rule the world together, and we can be friends forever—'
‘After everything you’ve done, especially to my people, never!’ I refused as I opened a compartment where we hid the Golden Scepter. I took it out and used it as a last resort.
‘Whoa, where did you get that?’
‘It’s an antique I got from my family, now give me back my crown.’
‘No way, try me.’
“I ran over and, using the staff as a pole vault, flipped into the air and swung it at Kira’s stomach, pushing her back against the wall and making her drop the crown in sorrow. As Kira leaned her hands toward the tiara, I used the staff’s magic to make her freeze in place. Still, she continued to reach in desperation.
‘Just give it up already.’ I warned her.
‘Why? All I wanted was to—'
‘No wait, don’t touch the gems on that crown!’
‘No, I don’t want to listen to you! If I can’t have this crown, then neither can you!’ 
“Kira placed the tiara on her head while touching the gems to the side. Her body floated in the air as electricity sparked all around her and screamed in pain.
“I didn’t want to do it, but she gave me no choice. I took the scepter in my view and shut my eyes. With tears welling up in my eyes, I activated a portal from behind Kira as she started to get sucked in by it. Papeht ran away in a panic, but then ended up getting caught by a purple trap that Kira created out of her mind quickly.
‘I won’t go alone!’ She thundered.
‘Oh, no! HELP ME!’ Papeht screamed.
“Stels and I tried to hold on and prevent ourselves from getting sucked in as well.
 ‘Uh, Aehaby, do you think maybe you could close the portal and—?’ Stels asked.
‘I don’t think I can,’ I mentioned. ‘I’ve never tried this out before, to be honest...’
‘Are you serious?!’
“But I was too late. The portal had already closed up, and Kira and Papeht disappeared from oblivion. We were left all alone in the throne room.
.-.-.-.
“Time went by as guilt slowly hit me, ever since that turn of events. I felt like it was all my fault for what had happened back there. I was lost and had no idea what to do after that. While that went on, Stels had thought up a way to cheer me up and solve the problem.
‘Hey, Aehaby, are you still in your room?’
‘Yeah, Stels, why do you ask?’
‘Come with me; I want to show you something.’
‘What? Why’s that?’
‘You’ll see soon enough.’
“Stels showed me a dimensional transporter with gems used for buttons on the control panel he made along the side. He said it was hard to explain, but told me that this could be an excellent opportunity to test it out.
‘So, would you like for me to work on the coordinates?’ Stels offered.
‘Sure thing,’ I muttered. ‘But I guess we’ll just have to postpone the trading then...’
‘Wait, are you coming too?’
‘But of course, no way am I going to take this one lying down!’
‘But didn’t you...? Never mind, as you wish. Hang on.’ 
“Stels worked on the coordinates by pressing the gems in a similar order to make the portal reappear before our very eyes. 
“We entered through the portal as the colors enveloped all around us. Stels said that we would arrive at our destination in a short while. However, rumbling noises occurred, and the machines malfunctioned.
.-.-.-.
“We both got out of the portal and ended up inside some ruins. The control panel ended up broken, too, as the gem buttons popped out of the device. Stels took chase of the rolling gems and realized that they appeared to have lost their energy. We soon found out we not only had to find Papeht and Kira, but also figure out a way out of this place and go back to our home planet.
“Stels declared that we should explore the places to find resources and learn about the areas inside and out. As we looked around, I heard some strange sounds from a faint distance. 
“Some arms pulled out from walls and floorboards as they tried to attack and grab us. We let out screams and dashed back to the room (we started in) as the unknown creatures chased us down. We closed the doors quickly, as Stels took out some boulders from the sides to barricade and block the doors.
“I stood back in horror, wondering what those things were. The sounds they made I found to be familiar, but I couldn’t put my finger on it, which made me feel more uncomfortable. 
“As Stels tried to hold them off, I broke the silence and spoke up. ‘Something was up; do you think it’s got something to do with—?’
‘I don’t think I can hold them off any longer!’ Stels exclaimed.
‘But how can we settle—?’
‘Don’t worry; I’ll make it so that no harm will come to you.’ 
“Stels let go of the door to walk up to me and wrap his arms around me, patting my back and went outside the room, probably to fend off the enemies from outside.
“For a moment, I could hear screams from the other side. My eyes widened in shock as my mouth gaped open. I wanted to help and get out there, rid of the barricade, but part of me couldn’t bring myself to do it.
“Eventually, the noise died down, and I couldn’t hear anything anymore. Curiosity peaked through me as I took out the barricade and opened the door slowly. Nobody in sight, and not a single scrap of anything present either. The next thing I knew, I was alone.
“I tied my hair up in a ponytail and headed out to explore the ruins, hoping to find everything and soon. Some branches and rocks scraped a part of my dress while walking. I changed my clothes by using one of my devices from my planet Abroacury to change my outfit to fit more into the environment.
“As I strolled along and tried to collect things for my expedition, I came across a familiar person with their back turned, and their body leaned down as if they were looking for something.
‘Huh, Papeht, is that you?’ I called out to him. ‘Are you...?’
“He turned around to face me. His face and body were still the same, but something about him seemed different. Was it his eyes? His creepy smile? He had different clothes, too?
‘Ah, hello there. What’s someone like you doing out here?’ He asked, his voice sounding creepy and cold. ‘It’s far too dangerous for a girl like you to be out here by yourself. Unless...’ Papeht got into deep thought about something.
‘Unless?’
“He walked closer to me, to which I stepped back in worry. What had gotten into him? 
‘Say, why don’t you be a good girl and come with us...?’
‘Why you good for nothing...’ I muttered as I clenched my fists. ‘We came here to save you, and you have the gall to act like this?’ Now Papeht got scared of my anger. ‘If only you had done your job properly, then none of this would’ve happened! Tell me where the others are!’”












Episode 21


“Now, I don’t know how, but she somehow got me out of that mind control.” Papeht continued the story.
“I don’t remember either, but you guys know the rest of the story.” Aehaby finished, lowering her head.
“That’s interesting,” Ruth said, scratching his chin. “But do you have any idea on how she turned into the jelly fog?”
“That I still don’t know about...” Aehaby’s voice faded after a while before continuing. “Maybe it had something to do with the portals or the misuse of my crown?”
“Wait a minute, oh no, I need to go back!” Ruth exclaimed, pacing the room.
“Why is that Mr. Bear?”
“I have to warn my people about what’s happening!”
“At a time like this?” Papeht questioned.
“I understand,” Aehaby replied. “Papeht, you go with him.”
“But I—”
“You are a royal guard and protector, are you not? As your Queen, I command you to do so!”
Papeht gulped and bowed down. “As you wish, please be careful and get the device working soon...”
“I will.”
After Papeht and Ruth headed out, Aehaby, Maggie, and Tommy wondered if there was anything more to discuss.
Tommy couldn’t believe that what Amy, or Aehaby, said about being an alien and out of this world was real. Something also bothered him about that story.
“One thing I don’t get or like is Kira’s real motivation.” Tommy piped up, crossing his arms. “She should know better than to—”
“Um, about that, I got, to be honest...” Maggie interrupted.
“No, don’t tell me. Are you sympathizing with that woman?” Tommy questioned.
“No, God forbid.” Maggie waved it off. “But at least, I can understand, even if it’s a little. Losing someone or something dear to you over something beyond control. However, you still have this unbearable amount of anger and resentment towards them...”
“Hey, do you still feel that way towards your dad?”
“Well, I’m not entirely sure myself...”
“Aw, man.” Aehaby groaned near the control device. “I don’t think I’ll be able to repair this thing...”
“That sucks,” Maggie muttered disappointedly.
“What could we do if it worked?” Tommy pondered, shaking his arms around. “What can I do? My friend’s on the opposing side, and Amy’s friends are too!”
“Get a hold of yourself, man!” Maggie exclaimed, grabbing his shirt and shaking his body. “If they were your friends, then they wouldn’t want to hurt us in the first place!” She let go and calmed herself down.
Aehaby wondered. “There’s got to be a way to get—” She snapped her fingers. “Of course! If the enemies somehow got the crown and those gems...”
“Besides the fact that Kira stole it from you?” Tommy mentioned. “Why would we need to—?”
“Those gems are like magic and can do almost anything. They’re a part of the crown, my crown. Its power can go on a whim and think up whatever you can with your mind, as long as you don’t have black spots in your heart.”
“So, are you saying that there’s no way we can stop her?”
“Wait, I didn’t say that!”
“But how will we beat her? We barely have any gems and because she’s stealing bodies due to the—”
“Calm down!” Maggie interrupted. “Who says we can’t win? We’ll have to think up a plan. Fighting head-on won’t work...”
“So, before we go out...?” Aehaby started.
“If Antonio gets the gem, then he’d give it to Kira...”
“We can follow him to where they are and steal back the gems as well as the crown.”
“But what if we get caught?” Tommy questioned, twiddling his fingers.
“Hmm, that’s a good point...” Maggie pondered, placing a hand on her chin. “We could distract and prevent Antonio and his cronies from returning them in.”
“Meanwhile, I can sneak by and take the crown.” Amy finished.
“Yeah!”
“So, will we know where they are?” Tommy asked.
“I’d say if I can get the machine to work! Why won’t you work?” Aehaby roared. She slammed her fists on the control panel. The portal activated, though it appeared to be slightly static. “Hey, it worked!”
“You seriously did it?” Maggie questioned.
“Yeah, now to find the final gem... oh no.” As Aehaby worked in on the coordinates, she could barely see the picture in her view, and her eyes widened upon realizing what it was.
“What’s wrong? Wait, can I call you Amy or—?” Tommy started.
“It doesn’t matter either way, but we might have to rethink our plan.” Aehaby scratched her head.
“Why is that?”
“Of all the places in the Land of the Unknown, why’d it have to be the Onyx Pinnacle?”
The image came in, as a giant volcano stood proudly in its way.
“Wait, what?” Tommy and Maggie exclaimed in exasperation.
“Um, I think it’ll be too dangerous for—”
“Nonsense.” Tommy interrupted Aehaby. “We’ve already come so far. I need to go get my friend back and get him down to Earth, literally.”
“Besides, you’re the only one who can withstand Kira Onyx,” Maggie added. “We wouldn’t be eligible to stand any chance against her.”
“You’re right,” Aehaby said as she walked toward the portal. She stood in front of it with her back turned from the others. “If you’re willing to go on ahead, then step inside the portal. However, once you enter, there’s no turning back. Are you ready?”
Tommy and Maggie were unsure of how to respond. Maggie glanced at him with a reassuring smile. 
“We can do this, so what do you say we handle this together once and for all... Tommy?” She extended her hand toward him.
Tommy’s eyes widened with shock. She hadn’t been this kind to him before, let alone call him by his first name. Nevertheless, Tommy wiped his eyes, and with a look of determination, he grabbed a hold of her hand and stood up. 
“Yeah, let’s do this, we can catch up to the others later.” The two turned to face the portal.
“Hang on,” Aehaby said, with her hand in the air. “Before you go, take these.” She gave them some vials of light blue liquid inside.
“Is this another Brew of the Elements?” Tommy asked. “Why is it a different color?”
“I used different ingredients so you would be able to handle the heat. Be sure to take it before the vials melt, alright?”
“We got it, thanks.”
The ground shook as more rumbling occurred. Aehaby left for a quick moment to take a peek at where the sound came from when she saw what it was, then hurried back inside in a flash.
“Hey, what’s wrong?” Maggie inquired.
“Guys, there’s no time. You need to get going now before it’s too late!” Amy exclaimed as she pushed the two through the portal just before it ended up disappearing.
 She sighed in disbelief. Phew, that was too close for comfort. Now I have to find another way to get to the volcano, and fast.
.-.-.-.
Meanwhile, somewhere else, Kira used her magic to lift the gems and polish them to make them shiny. She couldn’t believe she had gotten that many and in such a short amount of time. Just then, another man entered the area. A golden light shone behind his back.
“Excuse me, Kira, but we’ve returned.”
“Ah, do tell. So, how was the expedition?”
“Err, well, we had to get away.”
“What? Did you at least get the gems?”
“Yes, with this scepter.” The man revealed from his back that he had a golden scepter at his disposal.
“Good work, Stels.”
“However, we couldn’t capture anybody—”
“You are insolent! Where’s the rest of the team?”
“I’m afraid we lost track of them, including Antonio...”
“Ooh, is that so? That’s unfortunate.”
A teleportation beam appeared, and another male showed up before their eyes with a white crystal in one of his hands. 
“Did you guys miss me?” He spoke up with a smug grin.
“Antonio, you’re back!” Kira exclaimed.
“Of course, and I also brought you the ice gem.” Antonio lifted the light blue gem out of his pockets.
“Brilliant, but why haven’t you teleported to—?”
“The answer’s simple. I had to return this to you. It’d be a shame if the enemies would take it while I searched for the last gem.”
“Genius move. Now go, hurry to the Onyx Pinnacle, find that last gem, and bring it to me. Then, we can move to the next step.” She said as she took out the crown with some gems engraved inside, only one empty slot remaining.
“Sure thing,” Antonio said, taking a bow. He took out the teleport gem and prepared its magic to leave the scene.
“Wait, let me go with you!” Stels proclaimed. “You’re going to need some backup, especially since you’ll be outnumbered and surrounded...”
“I can take care of myself; I don’t need your help. And besides, you need to stay here and—”
“Very well, go on ahead,” Kira responded.
“Wait. What?” Antonio questioned, his mouth gaped open.
“Don’t worry; I’ll be okay taking care of myself, especially if someone were to break in.”
Much to Antonio’s dismay, he nodded his head, not wanting to disobey or go against her demands. 
“Alright.” He and Stels replied. 
More rumbles happened as the ground continued to rock. Realizing time was of the essence, the two grabbed hold of the white crystal and exited the scene altogether.
.-.-.-.
Papeht and Ruth headed back to the Orso Looba village. Once they arrived there, the two came across another Orso Looba running amok, staggering.
“Hey, look, it’s Bob,” Ruth pointed out, as he waved to get his attention. “How’s it going?”
“Ruth, where have you—?” Bob jumped back when he noticed Papeht next to him. “Oh no, another Mileti? Look out!”
“Wait, no, calm down. This guy’s a friend of mine. Where’s my father? Is he not in the village?”
“He’s not here; he went off to take part in some kind of war.”
“What? But why?”
“Well, some of your people have recovered from their sickness, and your dad heard you were in trouble, and... well, he didn’t take it very well.”
“Oh, no...”
“You had just missed them, too; they went that way.” Bob pointed.
“Where’s everyone else? Are you the only one here?” Ruth asked, exchanging glances.
“No, they’re hiding and getting ready for healing once the others come back.”
“I see...”
“We better hurry,” Papeht told him. “Let’s get going before anything bad happens to them!”
“Right.” Ruth nodded.
.-.-.-.
A team of Miletis and Orso Loobas marched toward one another and stood in line to face each other with poised bodies and the serious-looking expression on their faces.
“Well, well, look who showed up.” A Mileti taunted.
“You will pay for your treachery and insolence.” Ruth’s dad, Cedric, retorted.
“You knew this day would come.”
“I’ll save my son, and avenge my dad!”
“Bring it on!”
The two groups then clashed into a fight with their weapons and artillery without holding back.
.-.-.-.
Antonio and Stels reappeared from the teleportation and landed on the edges of the Onyx Pinnacle. Antonio adjusted his glasses and looked down at the magenta-colored magma and bubbles popping left and right.
“Ah, it looks like we made it to the volcano,” Antonio said.
“Wow,” Stels mentioned in awe. “You think you’d be able to withstand the heat?”
“You should know there’s a way.”
“But are we certain we’ll find the gem in there?”
“You can leave if you wish. I don’t need your help at all.”
Stels glanced over as Papeht and Aehaby from different directions caught his eye. 
“Oh, so they’re here too. Better check up on the group to see what they’ll be doing and make sure they don’t get in the way.” Stels went off to slide down to the side of the volcano.
Antonio rolled his eyes and made a tsk noise. “That coward. He should’ve said something sooner. But whatever, Tommy should be here any moment now, as well as—”
Another warp light appeared before him as Tommy and Maggie marched over to him with fire in their eyes.
A-ha, what a surprise. “Wait.” Antonio held out his hand in front of the duo to get them to stop. “Tommy, because you used to be one of my good friends, I’ll give you one more chance. Join my guild so you can—”
“Antonio, I know you’re in there somewhere...” Tommy interrupted. “Please come out and—”
“Ha, do you think I’m brainwashed or something, like those other losers? You can’t be serious...” Antonio scoffed, waving it off.
“We didn’t want to do this,” Maggie started. “But we’re taking that final gem no matter what, so you better not get in our way!”
“Same here, but just try to stop me!” Antonio boasted.
The two ignored him as they searched around the outer crates from the volcano.
Oh my god, seriously? Antonio looked over in disbelief. “I don’t know about you two, but if you’re going to check out here, then I’ll look inside!”
“Do you hear something?” Maggie asked.
“Nope,” Tommy replied.
Antonio’s blood boiled at the duo, ignoring him. “Fine, have it your way!” 
He took out a blue and tan-colored gem and combined the two, creating a giant hammer. Antonio sprinkled ice onto the ground before getting into a ready stance. 
There, he spun the stick and leaped into the air to smash it through the ground and went piercing under the volcano, making a huge hole next to the one with the molten lava.
Maggie and Tommy rushed over to look down at the tunnel Antonio created. “How did that happen?” Tommy asked.
“Whatever it may seem, we have to hurry and get that gem before he does!” Maggie proclaimed.
The two nodded and jumped into the hole. While falling, they took and ripped off the sides of the volcano to slide down on the volcano and chased Antonio down.
.-.-.-.
Eventually, Antonio made it to the surfing ground. Dark-colored caves surrounded the place like a ground hive mind or tunnel system, as lava poured down from other locations. The rough textures and temperatures felt hot for an average person who normally couldn’t handle it without proper clothing and potion usage. Antonio wondered where the gem could be now that he made it to the location.
Antonio noticed a glow from the reflection of his glasses. He turned to see a red jewel on top of a podium. As he walked closer towards it, he wondered why they were this close. But that didn’t matter; he was almost there and just about to get it. When two loud thumps occurred near him, Tommy and Maggie had caught up with him as they tumbled to the ground with their cavern slides going off and into the lava pit.
As Antonio jumped back in shock, he turned to the others. “Are you crazy?”
“Huh, I didn’t think that would work...” Tommy said, brushing himself off.
“I’ll say, that was close,” Maggie added as she stood up. 
“And look at this place.” Tommy added in awe, taking in the place’s scope.
“Will you guys stop ignoring me?” Antonio yelled out.
Then, after the last impact, the red gem got knocked off of the podium as it rolled down and headed toward the lava. Since Maggie was the closest, she tried to catch it, but it just barely slipped past her fingertips as it dropped into the magma. The three went to the edge and noticed the lava bubbles popping. The gem reached the surface once more, as it went off the stream.
The three ran to the sides to chase after the gem as it went down into a small tunnel. They noticed the caves with medium-sized holes and crawled inside to go toward the next area. Once they made it out to the other side, there appeared to be a regular straight path for them to run across. 
After placing their feet on the ground, it seemed to be crumbling off and falling into the lava. Maggie jumped off and made it to the other side of the area. But there was no time to rest and waste; she had a gem to get.
When reaching a dead-end, Antonio took out his glasses to reflect off of a light shining from the cracked ceiling before moving forward. Tommy and Maggie followed him by jumping from small, round pedestals to more. The duo noticed him going to a lower path as the others headed for the higher plains. 
“Hey, do you know why he’s going that way?” Maggie questioned.
“I have no idea.” Tommy shrugged. “Do you think the current will go at a different speed, and the gem will head to a path where Antonio’s nearby?”
“Hey, maybe whether or not that does work, we can jump at him and extract the gem from the lava.”
“Ok, sounds like a plan.”
“Hey, don’t think I can’t hear you from there!” Antonio called out.
When they got to a lean, straight platform, the ground fell apart from beneath Tommy’s feet as he stumbled onto a lower plain level. Maggie leaned over from above and told Tommy to keep going as she’ll catch up to him later. Tommy nodded and headed off to chase after Antonio.
Tommy and Antonio made it to a dead-end where the end was nothing by lava. They notice the red gem floating about somewhere in the middle of all the lava. Tommy tried to lean his whole body forward to grab the treasure, but barely missed it, for if he were to bend anymore, his body would drop and fall.
“Hang on; I got an idea. You don’t need to do that,” Antonio said, extending his arm out.
“But are you sure you can handle this?” Tommy inquired.
“Just watch.” Antonio pulled out a purple crystal and stepped forward. A purple glow surrounded the gem as he pulled it out of the lava. “Alright.”
Using this as an opportunity, Tommy leaped into the air and snatched the gem away from him. “A-ha! I got you now!”
Antonio’s mouth dropped open, then scowled upon seeing the display of trickery. He then used the crystal to make the gem Tommy held levitate in the air. Tommy could hear his heart pounding fast in nervousness. 
“Now, who said you could take that from me? To take what I had worked hard on getting?”
“Antonio, please stop!” Tommy pleaded.
“Oh, but didn’t you want me to use this dark crystal to get the last gem? Surely, you know the potential of darkness? Well, even if you did, then that’s too bad. I already gave you chances, but it’s way too late to change your mind!”
“Wait, you don’t have to do this!”
“Yes, I do... now hand it over!”
“Or else what?”
Antonio said nothing in response to that. He looked up and glared at the distance, as something caught his eye.
Maggie traversed up at the higher plains when she came across a dead end via a wall. When she placed her hand on the wall, the area split itself up in its view, and she came across a red gem on top of a podium. Maggie couldn’t believe what she saw. Was it the real one? 
Maggie picked it up and felt the object to be floaty. Then, it made her wonder, if this was the real gem, then what of the other one back in the lava current?
“Hey, Maggie, look what I got!” Antonio called out to get her attention. 
Maggie turned and gasped upon finding Antonio, making Tommy hover above some pit of lava.
“Oh no, why do you have him in custody?” Maggie questioned.
“Of course I knew this gem Tommy has is a fake, considering the gem was in the open too easily, not to mention it’s got no light capabilities or has any magic inside. So, thanks for proving my point.”
“What are you going to do with him?” Maggie asked as she stepped forward and held the real gem in the air. However, Antonio used his other hand to stop Maggie in her place.
“Hold up, if you leave your post, or use that gem to attack me from afar, then he dies.”
“No, you wouldn’t dare, you’re bluffing!”
“But, if you give me that gem, then the boy lives!”
Maggie clenched her fists and ground her teeth as she ended up stuck in a dangerous situation.
Tommy lowered his head and scowled. “So, you want the gem? Then come and get it!” 
He tossed the red gem at Antonio’s face, causing him to drop the crystal as it sank into the lava. The other red jewel ricocheted and fell back into the magma. Tommy realized that since he no longer had the treasure in his grasp to hover above the lava, he fell and headed toward the magma.
“NO!” Maggie shouted. The jewel in her hand let out an enormous and bright glow.
Tommy ended up landing on top of the gem as the surrounding lava submerged and became sentient. He surfed across the lava while riding on the fake red gem, much to Maggie’s surprise. Antonio glanced down and gaped upon seeing his now destroyed crystal.
“Hey, Maggie, how are you doing this?” Tommy asked, jaw-dropped. “This is amazing!”
“Uh, I’m not sure?”
Soon the two caught up on the ground with the real red gem at their disposal while Antonio looked at the ground when the whole place shook all around them.
“W-What’s happening?” Tommy questioned.
“Do you not realize what you’ve done?” Antonio muttered.
“No,” Maggie said.
“Now, the volcano’s going to erupt like crazy!” Antonio thundered.
“Oh no, that’s not good!” Tommy exclaimed.
Well, it’s a good thing I already have this other crystal with me— Antonio thought as he reached into his pockets, but then couldn’t find anything in it of the sort. What? Where is it? I know I had— As he tried to search for the teleportation crystal, that was when he realized something. 
“That little rat, Stels stole my teleportation crystal!” He shouted at the heavens.
Tommy jumped back in terror. What had gotten into him? 
“Come on,” Maggie exclaimed to him. “Forget about him; we gotta get out of here!”
“Uh, alright, let’s hurry!” Tommy agreed.
As the two dashed off, with Antonio following, Tommy ended up tripping on a small rock and falling onto the ground. Antonio turned and stuck out his hand to pull him back up to his feet. 
Afterward, they all continued to speed toward a way to find the exit. The trio knew they had to leave as soon as possible.

Episode 22


Ruth and Papeht arrived at the battleground, only to find they were too late. The bear tribe and humans have already gone full out in their rage-inducing war.
“Oh no, we’re too late!” Ruth exclaimed, smacking his head.
“Where do we find your dad now with this crowd?” Papeht questioned, biting his nails.
“Well, we still got to find him!” Ruth rushed into the middle of the area.
“Hey, wait up!” Papeht rushed after him. When a blunt force hit him by the back of his head, causing his body to fall and tumble on the ground. Papeht moved over and struggled to open his eyes. “Ugh, who the heck hit me from—?”
From above him, a familiar man looked down at him. “Hello, long time no see.”
“Stels, is that you?”
“It’s a good thing I checked,” Stels said as he pulled out a teleportation crystal.
“Wait, what are you—?”
Stels grabbed Papeht by the shirt collar as the crystal shined.
.-.-.-.
Meanwhile, Aehaby walked outside the fort, all while searching for the others. At the corner of her eyes, a small shining aqua light flew in the air. She heard a familiar faint cry coming from it. Curious and determined, she ran off to follow the source and entered a mysterious dark cave.
Aehaby picked up a burning torch from the sides of the wall and continued to walk forward. She felt an unholy presence in the area, as the dark mist blocked her vision. 
Now, where could that witch be?
“Oh, are you looking for me?” A familiar voice echoed in Amy’s ears.
“K-Kira?!” Aehaby cried with exasperation.
“So, trying to take away my crown, huh?”
“It’s mine, for starters! And how do you know about—?”
“I had gotten the info from some certain folks...”
“Aehaby, up here!” Papeht cried. 
Aehaby looked up and saw Papeht trapped inside a cage with a chain line attached up to the ceiling.
“Oh no, how’d you—?
“No, don’t worry about me, but you gotta get out of here!” Papeht exclaimed.
“Silence, you!” Kira retorted and pointed.
“Kira, let him go! If it’s a fight, you want...” Aehaby started, readying her fighting stance.
“Oh, but I’m not going to fight you... he is.”
A familiar figure stepped out of the darkness; Aehaby’s eyes widened upon seeing Stels appear from the presses. 
“Why hello there.” He greeted her with a sneer.
“Stels? You’re also brainwashed?” Aehaby cried out, taking a step back.
“Now then, what’s it going to be?”
“Aehaby, be careful!” Papeht shouted from above as he watched the two about to fight.
“Stels, wait, snap out of it!” Aehaby pleaded, while dodging the punches. “I know you’re in there somewhere!”
“After everything you’re doing, I need to put a stop to you, as orders from Kira.”
“But why take orders from her? Why would you betray us?” Aehaby asked, her voice cracking. “She’s not even—”
“Sorry, but I have a new Master to follow now...” Stels replied coolly.
“Excellent, now hurry up and finish the job! Don’t just stand there!” Kira ordered.
“Oh, you want me to attack?” Stels glanced over at the dark fog. “Alright then... take this!” 
He turned around and blasted magic toward Kira, who dodged the blast. The blast then hit the ceiling, making a hole in the process as the cage Papeht was in broke and fell to the ground. Papeht got out safely, but Kira still stood there, her face fuming.
“Why you— how dare you double-cross me like that!” Kira roared, her eyebrows creased in disbelief. She then sensed something troubling. “Hmm, it’s time for me to leave... farewell for now.” And just like that, she disappeared into thin air.
“No, wait, come back!” Aehaby screamed. But she was too late.
“Drat, now what?” Papeht wondered, throwing his arms in the air.
Aehaby smacked Stels on the upside of his head, which caught the men off guard. 
“I can’t believe you. Never do that again! You hear me?” Aehaby exclaimed.
“I’m sorry,” Stels sighed and glanced at the floor. “But I needed to go undercover and pretend to be in control to learn about their ultimate plan and then catch the others off guard...”
“So, what’s going to happen?” Papeht questioned.
“We need to get out of here; there’s a slim chance we can stop Kira once and for all. But first...” Stels took out the goldenrod and gave it to Aehaby. “I think I have something that belongs to you...”
“My scepter, you found it!” Aehaby cheered as she took the staff from his hands.
Before they could do anything else, the cave entrance collapsed onto itself, much to their dismay.
“Uh oh, how are we going to get out of here at this rate?” Papeht asked, pointing at the ceiling.
“Simple, with this!” Stels reached into his pocket and pulled out a white crystal. “Everyone, grab hold!”
The three held onto one another as they teleported out of there before the boulders crushed them from above.
.-.-.-.
The Orso Loobas and Miletis continued to fight and bicker. Ruth looked all around, trying to find his father. 
Eventually, he found his dad arguing with another person.
“Hey, dad!” Ruth called out.
His father, Cedric, stopped upon hearing the call from a distance. “Son, is that you?”
“Yeah, it is! I’m glad I found you!” Ruth ran over to his father as the two hugged.
“Have you escaped from those Miletis?”
“How many times do we have to tell you?” A Mileti questioned. “We had nothing to do with—”
“Liar!” Cedric retorted.
“No, stop fighting!” Ruth yelled out.
“Why?” Cedric asked.
“I have something to tell you; it’s about grandpa!”
“Wait. What? Are you serious?”
The ground shook again, almost as if it broke apart. Everyone stopped fighting and turned around, only to find the volcano about to burst and erupt.
“Everybody, panic and run!” The groups shouted.
.-.-.-.
Aehaby, Stels, and Papeht teleported on top of a platform and checked the area and volcano in front of them.
“What the— are we too late?” Papeht inquired.
“We need to evacuate everyone down there as soon as possible!” Stels pointed out.
“But where to?”
“I think I got an idea.” Aehaby proclaimed. “Listen carefully; I’m only going to say it once...”
.-.-.-.
“Oh god, it’s getting hot in here...” Antonio whined as he continued to run, his body tiring out from all the running.
“Will you stop complaining?” Tommy retorted, sprinting as best as he can.
As the group made it to a dead end, they stood on top of a circular platform. Maggie used the red gem in her hand to try and control the lava below.
Just then, the lava rose fast as the group held on for dear life. The volcano threw the platform out as the group jumped off and landed on some higher plains.
“Oh god, that was a close one.” Tommy sighed in relief. “But where do we go from here?”
“I can’t believe I failed though...” Antonio muttered, looking away.
“Dude, get a hold of yourself. You should know that Kira’s not what you think she is.” Tommy told him.
“I’m sure he’ll get over it...” Maggie shrugged.
“But what about the red gem?” Antonio asked.
“Forget about that!” Maggie thundered. “Right now, we need to find a way off of this random floating platform! In fact, why is there one of these, anyway?”
The three wondered how this happened. The lands of the unknown broke apart all around them due to the occurrences that preceded them.
Antonio glanced at Maggie’s hand, which still had the red gem inside. He proceeded with caution and crept towards it. Without her noticing, he snatched away the jewel from her disposal and jumped off the platform.
“Hey, give that back!” Maggie turned and shouted.
Tommy rushed over to chase after Antonio and try to get back the gem as the two went from floating platform to platform to one-up another. Eventually, Antonio caught the gem from his hands. He stopped in his place and stared at the jewel.
No way, I can’t believe it. I got the very last one. He thought to himself as he looked up at the dark magenta sky. “Are you happy, Kira?”
“Oh, yes, I am proud of you. You’ve done well.” Kira replied as she descended to meet with him face to face. She levitated the gem off of his hands and placed it inside the last slot of the crown. “However, before I can use this, I will need one last thing. And only then, will I be able to harness its true power...”
“But what would that be?”
“A body...”
.-.-.-.
“Come on, almost got it...” Sam said as he flicked a switch up. Soon, power and electricity came back on. “There, it’s finally working again.” He wiped his forehead and sighed in relief.
“It’s about time,” Anita said as she adjusted her glasses.
“But where’s my baby?” Dakota asked, clasping her hands together.
“Hang on, we’ll get this done in a minute,” Sam responded.
“Wait, ‘we’?” Mandy inquired, her eyebrows creasing.
“Yes.” He placed his hands on top of her shoulders. “I’m going to need your help on this. I can’t do this without you. Will you help me?”
Shocked and somewhat touched, she beamed and nodded her head. “Yeah, let’s do it!”
After tinkering with the control system, the two scientists came across something strange on the big screen. Mandy zoomed in on the black fog.
“What’s that?” She pointed and asked.
“Could that be...?” Dakota squinted her eyes and saw Tommy. “Oh my gosh, it is! That’s Tommy!”
“And Antonio’s there too!” Anita added. 
“But what is he doing?” The counselor asked, puzzled.
“Ooh, no, he didn’t. Why that little...” Anita muttered through her teeth.
“Hey, what’s wrong?” The counselor questioned, noticing her expression. She didn’t answer his question, though.
.-.-.-.
Kira prepared herself as she rushed toward Antonio in a burst of speed.
“NO!” Tommy screamed at the top of his lungs. He ran over and shoved Antonio out of the way, getting hit by Kira in the process. 
Tommy fell to the ground as his body ached with a small glow around his chest. His arms clutched tight around the stomach area and caught his breath.
“Oh no, Tommy!” Antonio shouted, realizing what had just happened. He rushed over to his side, as his friend’s body writhed in pain. “Are you alright? Do you need anything?”
“Y-Yeah, I think I'm all right.” He heard Tommy’s voice reply weakly. “But, there’s just one problem...”
“What’s that?”
“...I’m not Tommy.”
“Huh? What?!” Antonio jumped back upon hearing a different voice coming out of his body. He looked over and saw that Tommy’s brown eyes had turned to a dark shade of purple.
“Now that I have a new body and heart, I can wear this crown at last. Oh, how long I’ve been waiting for this day to come.”
“Um, wait, Kira, what are you—?”
Kira, now possessing Tommy’s body, placed the crown on top of its head as the body levitated in the air. Vigorous winds soon pushed Antonio off the platform as he fell to the ground.
Antonio prepared for the worst as he fell from the sky. He wondered if this was the end for him, and that he would die this way with no one else even knowing. Antonio had felt the rough winds blow in his face as well as fog forming near his glasses.
However, Antonio landed on something scaly as it hit his face and hands. The wind caught him in a different direction than before. When he came to his senses, Antonio found he was on top of some loch ness monster. From the corner of his eyes, Aehaby was beside him, riding on the beast herself.
To his surprise, the Loch Ness monster appeared, using its breath to stop the lava from flowing out and spreading across the land.
“A—Amy?” Antonio spoke up. “What are you doing here? What’s going on? How did you get—?”
“I hope you’re happy,” Aehaby said bitterly, not looking at him.
“Um, what?”
“Do you realize what you’ve done? Consider yourself lucky that I saved your life.”
“What are we—?”
“Give me your crystals. I’m dropping you off, and I don’t want you messing up anything again.”
Antonio gulped and sighed in defeat. “Ok.” He said as he gave them to her without question.
As the loch ness stopped near a giant tree with a wooden platform on the side, Antonio stepped off as Amy muttered, “I’ll be right back.”
“Where are you going? What are you going to do?”
“I’ve got work to do, now get going!”
“Alright, alright!” Antonio cried as he rushed toward the entrance.
.-.-.-.
As Maggie tried to watch the whole ordeal from a distance, she looked down as the platform on her feet crumbled apart. Maggie wasn’t able to think about what to do as she too had succumbed to dropping; she closed her eyes, flailed her arms, and screamed. 
However, she had stopped falling after hitting some force of mass. When she opened her eyes and stopped screeching, Maggie glanced over and saw a familiar face.
“Riku, you’re alive!” Maggie cried.
The Ceratocheloraptor nodded; she spotted another raptor beside it. As she squinted her eyes, there appeared to be another person riding on top of the dinosaur.
“Excuse me, miss, but are you alright?” A voice asked.
“Yeah.” She replied. “But who are you?”
“My name is Stels, but that doesn’t matter right now, we need to get you to someplace safe.”
“W—Where are we going?”
“To the big tree, follow me.”
The two hung on to the Raptors as they jumped from platform to platform while making their way toward the gigantic tree as their destination.
.-.-.-.
After a while, Stels and Maggie reached the big tree, high in Aehaby’s base. As the two headed inside, they came across some civilians and Orso Loobas taking refuge on the side. Some got treatment for wounds while others rested in blankets and waited for something to be done.
While Ruth, Cedric, and Papeht tried their best to take care of the others, they noticed Stels and Aehaby returning from their rescue mission and rushed over to them in worry.
“It’s good to see you back,” Papeht greeted with a wave.
“We’re going to need to head back out there, now that we got everybody out of the scene.” Aehaby discussed.
“Is... Kira still there?”
“Yeah, and she’s causing more chaos than ever before outside.” 
She pointed toward the sky as it turned magenta; red lightning hit the ground, causing the fire to spurt from the ground. The grounds split themselves apart, and the winds grew more violent, pulling trees and pieces of the land to move like crazy.
The group knew they needed to use the scepter to help them with this endeavor.
“Hey, wait,” Maggie spoke up and followed.
“You can’t go, it’s far too dangerous,” Stels mentioned, putting his hand up in front of her.
“I wasn’t going to say that. I understand the crisis at hand.” Maggie told them. “But, where’s Tommy? Have you seen him anywhere?”
“He’s over there,” Antonio spoke, pointing at the skies. “His mind and body are being controlled.”
“What?” Everyone exclaimed.
“And you didn’t do anything to stop—?” Maggie roared.
“No, I didn’t!” Antonio yelled out.
“Shoot!” Aehaby thundered.
“We’re going to need to separate them both and not kill Tommy,” Stels said.
“I’m sure we can, with this scepter, of course.” Aehaby turned to the others. “Don’t worry, we’ll turn everything back to normal, I promise you.”
Aehaby, Stels, and Papeht ran back to hop on the Loch Ness Monster’s back to riding on. Aehaby played a tune on her flute as they all rode off toward the skies.
.-.-.-.
As Kira looked over the destroyed areas, she glanced at the area that contained a dark purple aura around them.
“Superb, I’ve never felt like this before,” Kira said with a smirk. “This is such an incredible power surging inside me. If only I had this sooner...” From the corner of Kira’s eyes, she could see Aehaby and the Loch Ness monster creeping up behind her. “Ah, so you’re showing up and are going to try to stop me, huh? How pitiable. Just try to catch up with me!” She taunted as she flew off.
“You can do this, girl!” Aehaby said to the loch ness, as it dashed after Kira. The Loch Ness monster charged up a beam and fired at Kira, who dodged it by chopping it half and going through the blast. “No, don’t do that! We need to chase Kira down but without destroying Tommy’s body in the process!”
“But how are we going to do that?” Stels questioned. “There’s got to be a way to lead her away and stop her from dealing any more damage to the land.”
“Hey, maybe we can take to the skies?” Papeht suggested.
“Good idea.” Aehaby complimented, holding on. “Let’s do it!” The loch ness tricked and lured Kira into going up toward the dark skies for their big battle.
Antonio watched from afar, standing on the balcony of the tree, sighing heavily. He looked down at his hands and hung his head to stare at them and the floor.
“What have I done?” He whispered to himself as the mist formed around his eyes and his glasses fogged up.
“How could you?” Maggie muttered.
“Huh?” Antonio turned to ask.
“Why would you let Tommy get attacked like that?” Maggie’s voice raised higher. “He never stopped believing in you. Heck, he even had faith in you!” Tears developed in her eyes as she continued her speech. “Because... he thought of you as an important friend, and what did you do?” Maggie marched forward, grabbed Antonio by the shirt collar, and lifted him into the air. “...you left him to die, you son of a—!”
“Maggie, stop!” Ruth interrupted.
“Break it up, you two!” Cedric yelled as he pushed the two to give some room. Maggie turned her head in a scoff as Antonio hyperventilated to calm down and catch his breath.
“This isn’t going to fix anything! It’s all in the past, so let’s put it aside and—”
“Oh, like you’re one to talk!” Maggie retorted. She immediately went back on her word and apologized after seeing Ruth taken aback by the remark. “I’m sorry.”
“It’s ok,” Ruth and Cedric stated.
“Um…” Antonio muttered. “I—”
“But I can’t just stand here, waiting for the outcome of all this and do nothing!” Maggie interrupted. “Isn’t there a way to help in all of this?” Riku let out a mighty roar in response. “Riku, what is it?”
“It’s saying that it knows how you can help, but you need to reach the top floor of this tree to do so,” Cedric replied by translating for them.
“You can understand what the raptor’s saying?” Antonio inquired.
“Uh-huh.” Cedric nodded. “There’s someone that can help, Riku can lead us to the dino elder if you so desire.”
“There’s an elder around here?” Maggie questioned.
“Yes, let’s get ready to leave, pronto.”





































Episode 23


Maggie, Ruth, Cedric, and Antonio headed towards an operating elevator to the highest level before continuing to run up the remaining stairs toward some doors with strange patterns carved on them. They opened the doors and entered outside toward the balcony. Abundant and filled to the brim with fences on the sides, with the wooden textures on the floor. The skies were still covered in dark clouds as red lightning struck down near the tree, almost causing more fire to appear and disperse.
“This place looks bigger than I could imagine,” Maggie murmured, taking the scenery in.
“Well, it’s not that much compared to the inside,” Antonio brought up.
“Shut your trap. Wait, why are you here?”
“Pardon?”
“You’re just going to get in our way and impede our progress.”
“What progress? You’re not going to make any. Do you see where we are? Do you know where the others are? How can you get over to Tommy in time?”
“Guys, do you not notice the Raptors are heading over there?” Ruth pointed out.
The Ceratocheloraptors rushed over toward the center of the area and let out more roars. Maggie tilted her head, wondering what they could be doing and why. Antonio, on the other hand, couldn’t care less.
No one seemed to be there, but the Raptors still looked up to the sky and roared as if talking to someone.
“Oh, Grand Elder, we heard your distress signal and came as soon as possible.” Cedric translated for the others, “We also brought some friends who could potentially save us all.”
“But, where’s the elder?” Maggie questioned as she couldn’t see them herself. 
“Beats me.” Antonio only shrugged in disbelief.
Cedric continued to translate, “They also say, if what we say is true, then they’ll make us a ray of light for us to teleport and enter the sky fortress—”
“Are you sure about that?” Antonio inquired, raising his voice. “How do we know if they’re even real? This grand elder could be a spirit that can’t do anything! That sounds crazy; there’s no such thing as a sky fort—”
A beam of light appeared from the podium on the ground as everyone looked at Antonio in contempt and grimace.
“So, you were saying?” Maggie scowled at the boy.
“No way... I don’t...” Antonio hung his head and frowned. “I’m sorry, you guys.”
“Now then, if you’re ready, step forward into the light,” Cedric said to Maggie. “But remember, once you go in, there’s no turning back.”
“I’m ready, let’s do this...” Maggie threw her pumped-up fists in the air and marched forward. “Thank you for the help; we’ll try to help in any way we can.”
.-.-.-.
Deep within the dark and stormy skies, a sky fortress appeared in ruins. Kira took Tommy’s body toward the place as she waited for Aehaby and others. 
From the corner of her eyes, she could witness the loch ness monster rise out from the sides of the ruins. Aehaby stood on top of the beast with her hands on her hips. Stels and Papeht stood next to her and also gave out some nasty glares at Kira.
“Oh hi, fancy seeing you here.”
“You know why I’m here. This feud all ends now; this is your final warning.” Aehaby warned her. “Give back the boy’s body or else.”
“Of course not, but I’d like to see you try!” 
Kira blasted out some dark magic firing at the group, but the loch ness fired out a laser with its breath to block it off while the other three jumped off the monster and landed on the ground. 
After Aehaby had pulled off an impressive landing, Kira used the Earth gem to summon the field to move at a quick pace. Aehaby looked down below her feet. She noticed a boulder being created out of the ground itself and booked it. She kept jumping off the stone to stone, trying to get back onto the battlefield. Giant rocks continued to appear as they chased down the group.
While getting distracted, Papeht and Stels rushed over to gang up on Kira. However, she had gotten the better of them and used magic to stop the guys from moving and made them hit each other a bunch of times before knocking them down to the ground. Reaching the edge, Papeht got stuck in a tight spot between a rock and some more rocks. He and Stels looked and realized that more stones were heading towards them. The two rolled away to avoid the collision damage as the rocks crumbled into smaller pieces.
Kira then used the water gem to spread water onto the ground beneath their feet. Aehaby and the others grew confused at first, until Kira activated and turned the water to what of an ice rink. As Aehaby, Stels, and Papeht struggled to stay balanced on top of the ice, Kira swooped in no problem and laid a shocking punch to Papeht, which caused him to fly back. She teleported to another location to deal with the same amount of damage to Stels.
Next, Kira activated the wind gem to blow Aehaby and the guys away. Aehaby slid fast down the ice due to the steady gusts of winds. Before reaching the end of the road, she slammed her feet down into the ice before going off course.
Papeht held on to some columns and pillars beside the ruins while Stels tried to hold down on his balance but kept slipping, sliding, and heading toward the edge of the rubble. Aehaby extended her hand to grab him by the arm before he could fall off.
“Come on, Aehaby, just give it up!” Kira taunted.
The Loch Ness monster drew fire from its breath and unleashed it out on Kira. Kira saw it from the corner of her eyes and reflected it off with her deflective shield that she pulled out of thin air. 
“Ha, you’ll have to do better than that if you want to beat—”
A force knocked Kira off to the ground as if she got pushed. She turned and saw Papeht standing from an angle. 
“Oops, I guess that didn’t work.” He said playfully. 
“You’re going to pay for that.” 
Papeht stepped back and tried to run off. Kira jumped back on her feet and moved her hand to summon the fire gem. 
However, nothing came out. Kira looked up and found it no longer in the slot as it was supposed to be. She glanced at the gemstone bouncing off of the crown. Aehaby and Stels extended their arms as they tried to reach the jewel which came their way, as quickly as they could. Unfortunately, Kira used dark magic on the gemstone to levitate it over to her grasp once more. 
“A-ha, now I got this again. Time to work my magic. Now, where were we?”
She grabbed the gemstone and tried to activate the fire gem to unleash upon the other group, but nothing would come out. Kira tried to shout out the name again, but still, it didn’t appear to be working.
“Why won’t this stupid thing work? I did everything I could too—”
“Looking for this?” A voice called out. Kira and Amy turned around to find Maggie there, who also had a red gem in her hands. “I had a feeling Antonio would double-cross us and take the jewel from us, so I had the fake one out in the open while keeping the real gem hidden away in my backpack.”
“What?”
“And now you’re going to get it!” Maggie used the gem for sprouting out fire from it. 
Kira separated the inferno and made it go around her. She then spewed out lightning on the ground from near Maggie’s feet, causing a significant fire to erupt and grow. Maggie sucked the heat into the gemstone. Kira tried to rush over and punch her, but Maggie blocked the impact with the gem and pushed her back.
Before Kira could charge up another attack, Maggie walked over and stood with her head held high, and fists clenched. 
She shouted, “Tommy, please, get out of there! We know you’re in there somewhere, you can’t give in like this!”
“What are you doing?” Aehaby asked. “Didn’t I tell you not to get in—?”
Kira couldn’t help but scoff at the remark. “Do you think that will work? Please...”
“Fight it off!” Antonio shouted from a distance. “If you can hear us, then I’m sorry! Just come back to us, please!”
“Antonio?”
.-.-.-.
“Where am I now? How’d I get here again?” Tommy opened his eyes and found himself enwrapped around in the empty void of darkness, standing on what appeared to be an invisible floor. He trudged with his hands held up to make sure he didn’t bump into any walls. 
Eventually, Tommy came into contact with a vision bubble, which depicted Maggie, Antonio, and the others standing and pleading in desperation. It looked like they said something, but he couldn’t hear what they said.
“Guys, I’m over here!” Tommy tried to call out to them. “Can’t you hear me? Hello?” There was no response. “Oh no, nobody can hear me.” If he didn’t do something fast, the others could get hurt, and Kira might force him to watch. “There’s got to be a way to—” 
Out of the corner of his eyes, he saw a shimmering light. When Tommy turned around, he noticed a large gem attached to a small podium in the center of the room. Wondering what it could be, he walked forward to get a closer look. However, when he reached to touch the orb with his finger, a small shock emulated to hit his hand, causing him to jump back in agony.
Tommy rubbed his hands to soothe the pain when he heard some screams from outside the bubble. He rushed over to try and break out of it as quickly as possible, but couldn’t do it. Grinding his teeth, Tommy ran back to the podium to remove the orb from it. Electricity sparked around the globe. It hurt his body, but he attempted to resist the effect and slowly lift the gem off.
“Stop it. You are hurting me.” A voice whispered.
“You stop it!” Tommy retorted. “You’re hurting everybody, so knock it off! And get me out of here! NOW!”
Eventually, the orb came off as Tommy fell back with it in his hands. A burst of energy poured out of the podium as the floor and walls transformed into visible purple and black checkered patterns everywhere. 
“Stop. Give up. Don’t go.” A mantra kept going on, attempting to taunt and get into Tommy’s head. 
Tommy massaged his temples and covered his eyes, trying to keep it together.
The burst had spread and grown to chase him down, changing into a form similar to Kira’s previous human form. Tommy turned and made a run for it before reaching the edge of the visible bubble.
“Let me out!” Tommy banged on the screen in desperation. “I don’t want to be stuck in—”
Before he could finish his sentence, he glanced down to notice a small glow on the square he stood on. The square rose toward the ceiling, which grew sharp spikes. Tommy’s eyes widened as he jumped off before getting crushed and spiked. 
However, more tiles appear to be rising to the ceiling and falling into the abyss. Tommy came across a gap with some tiles; he leaped, trying to reach to safety. A dark pulse shootout to grab his feet, as it slowly dragged him down to the ground.
“I. Won’t. Let you. Leave. ALIVE!” The voice roared and glared at him with those soulless purple eyes.
No, I was so close! Tommy thought. He turned to face the darkness with glowing, piercing eyes. “Get. Out. Of my. BODY!” He shouted as loud as he could.
Another glow of light formed on Tommy’s body as the dark energy let go of him and pulled back to avoid the impact of the bright flash. 
The yellow light then evaporated out of his body as it chased after the darkness, causing it to explode. A powerful gust of wind pushed Tommy to force himself out toward the force fields as his mind blanked out.
.-.-.-.
As Kira struggled to maintain the body, the rest of the group watched over in confusion.
“What’s going on?” Antonio asked, his arms and legs shaking.
“Tommy’s trying to get out.” Papeht guessed.
“So, he’s fighting back?” Maggie questioned.
“Everyone, stand back!” Aehaby yelled out to the others. “This could be it.”
“Ok, hang on, we only got one shot on this...” Stels mentioned.
“I know,” Aehaby replied. “I just hope this works.” She took out the golden scepter and held it in the air.
Just then, the dark shadow emerged out of Tommy’s body as he fell to the ground along with the crown.
Ruth and Cedric rushed over to grab the crown before it fell and hit the terrain. The two threw it toward Papeht’s hands as he gave the tiara back to its rightful owner before stepping back.
“Oh no, I gotta get out of—” Kira tried to say but got interrupted. Stels and Papeht used their magic to activate and put down a force shield to surround, block, and prevent her from escaping.
Aehaby undid her hair by taking off the rubber band and closing her eyes to concentrate. 
I’m sorry, Kira, but it’s time to say goodbye once and for all. She thought while getting misty-eyed.
Antonio looked over at the scene in horror. “No wait, please don’t—” He turned to Stels and tried to plead.
“Don’t get in the way!” Stels thundered.
A light beam popped out from the staff as the dark shadow got sucked back into the object. And just like that, Kira was no more, trapped into the staff with no way for her to escape.
“At last, it’s over...” Aehaby sighed in relief as she fell on her knees.
Stels and Paphet ran to check on their Queen, while Maggie and Antonio rushed over to Tommy as he rested on the ground. 
“Tommy, are you alright?” Maggie asked.
“Yeah, I'm all right,” Tommy replied as he opened his eyes and slowly stood up.
“But wait, what—?” Antonio was about to ask. 
Before he could pop the question, the layers shook, the sky fortress fell apart, and that they had to leave right away. Papeht and Stels weren’t sure how to escape since not everyone would be able to fit on the Loch Ness monster, and if everyone tried to grab hold of the teleport crystal, the power would probably go into a magic overload.
“Let’s split up and go to different ways of leaving,” Maggie suggested. “Our group will head toward the teleporting light again.”
“But what if we end up somewhere else with the teleport gem again?” Stels questioned.
“Anything is better than here,” Paphet mentioned. “Let’s hurry!”
.-.-.-.
The rest of the Orso Loobas and Miletis watched over the collisional explosion from their view of the tree. Both groups got worried and wondered what had happened to everyone else. Just then, a ray of light appeared from behind them. They turned around and saw Cedric and Ruth, along with Maggie and Tommy.
“You guys made it back!” Bob cried.
“We sure have.” Chief Cedric said, standing tall with his head held high.
From outside, the Loch Ness arrived and parked near the tree as Aehaby, Papeht, Stels, and Antonio rode on.
“Hey, did you miss us?” Aehaby inquired.
“You always say that...” Papeht muttered.
“No, I don’t!”
“So, how did you do?” Henry asked.
As Aehaby and the others got off the Nessie, Amy went to explain to the rest of the group. “I imprisoned Kira into my staff; she won’t be doing any more harm.”
“But wait,” Tommy pointed out. “Why isn’t everything back to normal? The environment’s stopped with calamities, but it’s not getting better again.”
“Life is not like a movie or TV show; it doesn’t happen with just magic.” Aehaby pointed out.
“Let’s work together then.” The other Miletis said.
“Yeah, we can make this place a better world than ever before.” The Orso Loobas added.
“Couldn’t agree more.”
“But even so,” Aehaby turned to Tommy and Maggie. “Thank you for everything. Thanks for helping me and even putting up with my appalling attitude.”
“No problem.” Maggie chirped.
“We should do something to make up for them.” Cedric proclaimed. The others nodded in agreement with the proposal.
“I’m still going to need to drain her magic out,” Aehaby continued, “As well as bring back this land, little by little.”
“Sure is nice that everyone is getting along now, not to mention being out of Kira’s mind control.” Tommy pointed out.
“Now that I think about it, I might have enough power to bring us all back to our respective homes. I’ll start with you guys.”
“No way, you will?”
“But of course, I promised, didn’t I?”
“Well, yeah, you sure did.”
“Hey, Amy, I mean, Aehaby?” Maggie asked in a polite tone. “Is there a faster way to speed up the staffing process?”
“It takes time,” She responded.
“But, I want to say goodbye to everyone, though, like...” Her words faded as she looked at the ground.
“Well, now you can,” Stels mentioned, missing her point.
“But can’t we at least help?” Maggie inquired.
“It’d be a lot to handle for us.” Tommy pointed out, “And besides, everyone back in our world is waiting for us.”
“Oh, I see.” Maggie walked over to Riku and the other raptors and hugged them. 
Everyone but Antonio exchanged their goodbyes, as Cedric mentioned to Tommy and Maggie that they’re more than welcome to visit again, and if they do, the place will look better than ever before. 
Papeht and Stels also bring up that their group will go through the portal later, as they and Aehaby had some other things to do beforehand, but Aehaby will be confident to let their team enter first thing.
As Aehaby set up the device to activate the portal, Antonio looked down at his hands with a frown. A deep surge of regret and sorrow filled inside his bones. He didn’t know how to articulate his apology to everyone else, or was certain if they’d forgive him for his actions.
Maggie looked over in contempt, wondering if he would say anything. But Antonio walked over to the portal and waited for Maggie and Tommy to do the same. Before going through, Tommy and Maggie turned to face the rest of the group with smiles and misty eyes.
“Goodbye, everyone.” They both said with a wave. “We’ll miss you, and we’ll never forget you.”
.-.-.-.
Back in the lab, Samuel, Mandy, Dakota, the counselor, and the police officers continued to watch the big screen. It appeared to be going to black when a signal and a ray of colors grew larger. 
The group tried to squint their eyes as to what they saw and what happened. They stood back as a portal submerged in full view. 
Out popped Tommy, Maggie, and Antonio, in the flesh, alive and well. Everyone’s eyes widened and their mouths gaped open.
“No way, you’re back!” Dakota, Mandy, and Sam cried.
“Dakota!” Tommy exclaimed.
“Tommy!” Dakota shouted with glee.
The two rushed over and embraced. Antonio looked over at his uncle with a tight-lipped half-smile.
“Um, h—hey there. You didn’t see—”
“Oh, Antonio?” Anita asked while crossing her arms and tapping her foot.
Antonio glanced at the woman as his face grew pale. “No way, how did you get here?”
“When this is over, we’re going home to have a little talk.” She answered as she pulled on Antonio’s ear, and he winced in pain.
“Ow, no!”
“What’s going on?” Tommy questioned, looking around. “Why is everyone here all of a sudden?”
“It’s a long, complicated story...” Sam muttered, scratching the back of his head.
“So, um, why did you even go there to the lands in the first place?” Mandy asked Maggie curiously.
“Well...” Maggie was about to respond when her eyes widened. “Oh no, I completely forgot about getting those life crystals!”
“Say no more; I already got you covered.” Tommy addressed as he took out one bright, functional green crystal from his pocket.
“Are you serious? Does that mean we can go and save my—?”
“Yes, but we have to hurry. Your dad is at the hospital, right?” Maggie nodded. Tommy turned to face his aunt. “Dakota, could you take us there, pronto?”
“Yeah, leave it to me,” Dakota replied as the three headed out of the lab and caverns.
.-.-.-.
On a distant planet far away, inside a giant spaceship near a big town, Aehaby stood in the center of the area in her light green sequin dress, crown, and goldenrod. Stels, Papeht, and some other people operated the mechanisms, getting ready to depart.
“Hey, Stels?” Aehaby questioned. “Are those people still willing to continue the trade?”
“I contacted the higher-ups ahead of time,” Stels replied. “And they are.”
“That’s fantastic!”
“Hey, guys?” Papeht wondered. “Do you think we’ll ever see those humans again?”
“Who knows?” Aehaby shrugged. “But we shouldn’t worry about that now.”
“So, shall we get going?”	
“Yes, set the coordinates and go full speed ahead, team!”
“You got it!”
.-.-.-.
Some time had passed in the Land of the Unknown. Ruth and Cedric set out to the graveyard site, where two pictures stood by, along with some flowers below them. The two closed their eyes, clasped their paws together, and bowed their heads.
“Thank you for your contribution, Bertha,” Ruth said.
“You too, father,” Cedric added.
As the two opened their eyes, some strange noise occurred as a couple of dinosaurs walked in a line toward some place.
Two Thescelotitans, one pink and one purple, turned to face the bears, as Ruth and Cedric seemed to be confused about the situation. Perhaps talking with them would help get the answer straight.
Ruth couldn’t understand what the two said, though, so his father had to translate it.
“Guess what? Did you hear? They came back to visit again!”
“They? Who are they?” Ruth pondered.
“I think I know who the dinosaurs are talking about; you don’t know yet?” Cedric asked.
It was then when Ruth made a realization. “No way. Could it be? Are you serious? That’s awesome! Let’s greet them!”
“I couldn’t agree with you more.” Cedric smiled at his son as the two followed the Thescelotitans toward their destination.



Celeste Irizarry is a young author who started writing stories at the age of 11 and began her career as a writer at the age of 21. She has published several books ranging from fantasy to adventure. In her spare time, she enjoys playing video games, listening to music, and going out on walks. She lives with her family in Summerfield, North Carolina.















MORE GREAT BOOKS BY
 CELESTE IRIZARRY


THE MISADVENTURES OF A YOUNG DARK MAGICIAN
	Follow the adventures of a young dark magician as he discovers mystical portals, magic spheres, and friendships in a quest to conquer the parallel world known as Earth.  Uncover the hidden secrets and perilous challenges that await our young magician.  Who is friend or foe?  Will he succeed in his quest to conquer and destroy the Earth or will he save it from certain doom?  Come along for an exciting adventure and discover the truth behind the magic.

DOUBLE TROUBLE
Strange events are occurring in Stanley’s building that cannot be explained.  Normal people jumping from the rooftops on the same day of the month and the police aren’t sure what to think.  Then a stranger comes to work that has an uncanny resemblance to Stanley.  He doesn’t have a twin brother, or does he?  Unravel the mysteries as they lead you down twists and turns through reality.

BLUE ROAD
He was warned not to accept the offer to be part of an experiment, but Richard didn’t heed the warning.  Now faced with the horrendous consequences of his decision, he must rely on his anger, newly founded skills, and his ghostly companion to guide him to the answers he seeks.  Federal agents, corrupt corporate heads, and evil scientists are all on his trail.  Will he discover the truth before it’s too late?  Read and find out.




Visit us at LittleEdenAlpacaFarm.com and check out the latest releases, order your pre-order, donate to our NC non-profit organization and/or purchase a paperback version of these books. 

As well as provide us with your feedback/comments and sign up for a subscription to our email list.  Stay up to date with new releases and discount codes.

Thank you for your support.
