Lascaria – The Prisoner Queen
Written By: Steven Sterup Jr.
Copyright 2017 Steven Sterup Jr.

Legal Disclaimer - This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Special thanks to Tammy Sterup for their help with editing.

If you haven’t read them yet, Lascaria books 1 & 2 are available at many e-book sites.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28


Chapter 1
Lascar sat at the campfire absentmindedly picking at his food.  Although he had asked his grandson Zorlen to sit with him while they ate, Lascar hadn’t said a word.  This made Zorlen nervous.  It had been a little over two months since they last saw Dhrel and Kriista and as far as Zorlen could tell, he and Lascar were traveling northeast.  This was almost the opposite direction from Katzack prison, which was where Kriista and Dhrel were headed.
While Zorlen waited for his grandfather to address him, he pondered the strangeness of Brizen.  Unlike Lascaria, seasons didn’t seem to have any influence over Brizen.  Every day he woke to thick fog, thick enough that he couldn’t see the distant trees but he knew they were there.  Brizen was full of trees, he always knew there were trees nearby.  As noon approached the sun would melt the fog and the trees would become visible again, the same boring types of trees, all the time.  Every evening the sun would go down and the fog would roll in again, making it nearly impossible to see outside of their campsite.  This mundane ritual continued day after day, leaving Zorlen with little ability to tell which month it was or how long they had been traveling.  If it hadn’t been for Lascar’s meticulous logging of every day in his calendar, Zorlen would have no idea that they had actually been traveling for two months and six days.  What was more, it should be autumn or nearly autumn.  The days should have been getting colder, but in Brizen the nights were always chilly and the days always moderately warm.  At least he always knew when lunch time was, as soon as he could see the trees in the distance, it was time to stop for lunch.
Zorlen broke himself away from his loathing of the monotonous weather for a minute to ponder Lascar’s apparent concern.  Lascar never looked concerned and Zorlen liked that about his grandfather.  He always had everything under control which left Zorlen free to worry about such inconsequential things as the weather.  Lascar being upset, lost in thought, worried Zorlen.
“What is it grandfather?” Zorlen asked kindly.
“We need to have a talk, in private,” Lascar said quietly.  The evil king then set his plate on the log he was sitting on and strolled off into the trees beside their camp fire.  Before disappearing he turned and motioned for Zorlen to follow.
Zorlen’s worry turned to panic.  Lascar never wanted to talk alone with him.  Practice magic or fighting styles, sure, but this was something else.  Had he done something wrong?  Was his grandfather going to kill him?  No, that couldn’t be it.  Lascar had no reason to hide his punishments.  If Zorlen was going to be reprimanded or killed because of his actions then Lascar would surely want to make an example of him to the necromancers they had met up with.  This was something much worse than Zorlen disappointing his grandfather.  It had to be.
When Zorlen caught up to his grandfather, and they were out of site, Lascar put his arm on Zorlen’s shoulder and started to whisper to him.
“Don’t worry, you’re not in trouble, my boy,” Lascar smiled as if he knew what was going through Zorlen’s mind.  “This is about Zephillia.”  Lascar removed his arm from Zorlen’s shoulder and began to pace with his hands behind his back.  That was when Zorlen knew this was very serious.
“We’re at a stage in my plan that concerns me,” Lascar paused for a moment gathering his thoughts.  “I am going to have to trust you with things that I had never intended to tell anyone besides Zephillia.”  Lascar paused again to let the words sink in.  “Zephillia’s personality concerns me.”
Zorlen interrupted “She is always very nice to me, she treats me like her own grandchild.”
“Yes, that is the point,” Lascar paused again.  He was trying to figure out a way to say what was on his mind.  But, what was on his mind was more of a gut feeling or instinct about his wife.  “To start with, the way Zephillia used to be, it’s hard to explain.  I guess what I’m trying to say is she is TOO nice,” Lascar paused again, trying to find a way to explain it to Zorlen.  “Since she came back she has been overly nice to me and to you.  This concerns me.  The Zephillia I knew was kind to me, but she was the most opinionated person I’ve ever met.  In short, she was the perfect wife for me, she was a female version of myself.  My equal, in every way.”  Lascar stared into Zorlen’s eyes to make sure his grandson understood he meant in power as well as temperament.  Satisfied that Zorlen understood him Lascar went on.
“I haven’t had a single argument with Zephillia since she came back.  I find this odd.  Maybe she was somehow affected by her recent resurrection?  Maybe it changed her?  Either way, I’m glad that I can trust you.  I am having you take over some of the things she and I were supposed to do.”  Lascar then began digging in his pockets.
“I understand grandfather and I will do my best,” Zorlen said full of pride.
“I have no doubt you will, you have proven yourself tenfold recently or I would never have brought this up.  You now have the training and power to do what I ask.”  Lascar handed Zorlen a neatly folded stack of papers.  “Take these instructions and a pack with supplies, then continue heading northeast.  The papers will inform you of what must be done, but do not read them until you are away from camp.  I don’t want any of the necromancers knowing what you are up to, understand?”
Zorlen nodded, put the stack of papers in his pocket and headed back to camp without hesitation.
“One more thing,” Lascar said, causing Zorlen to turn back around.  “Take this with you, the papers will explain why.”  Lascar handed Zorlen his father’s key which Zorlen placed in his other pocket.
“I assume you will head back to deal with Dhrel and Kriista?” Zorlen asked.
“No, I need to find the master key,” Lascar responded.  “The notes will explain the rest.  But first I need to learn a little more from these necromancers.  The skeletons they taught me to summon are nothing more than a distraction for Kriista and Dhrel.  I need something more formidable.  When I have learned all I can from them I will rid us of these annoying necromancers.”
“Yes, grandfather,” Zorlen replied and headed back to the campsite once again.  Zorlen had many more questions, but any answers that were not in the notes Lascar wasn’t going to tell him anyway.  It was better to obey his grandfather and trust that he would be provided any information that was important.
While Zorlen was leaving the camp full of necromancers he thought about what Lascar had said.  If Zephillia was supposed to be more like Lascar then he would probably like her even better.  This version of Zephillia, who waited on him hand and foot, was unimpressive, kind, but somehow weak.  He often felt that he was her master, not her grandson.  Hopefully when Lascar’s plans were finished Zephillia would be restored to her former self and Zorlen could rule the world under this powerful woman that Lascar spoke so highly of.  The thought of meeting the real Zephillia put energy in his step and Zorlen walked quickly so that he could get far away from camp before he sat down to read Lascar’s instructions.
“He doesn’t really trust you,” a voice whispered.
Zorlen looked around but there was no one there.  Maybe someone had followed him or perhaps he had imagined it?
“Who’s there?” Zorlen asked forcefully but no one answered.  After a few seconds he decided he was being paranoid and continued walking.  Lascar did trust him and he wasn’t going to let his grandfather down.

Chapter 2
Kriista and Dhrel walked through the forest without speaking.  It felt as though they had been walking for years.  In truth, they had no idea how long they had been traveling since leaving Sarthol.  They knew the general direction they had to go, but hadn’t encountered even a small village.  The repetitive weather and the unchanging scenery made matters even worse.  They were beginning to worry that Sarthol had sent them on a wild goose chase to keep them distracted for Lascar.
“Let’s stop, this is getting us nowhere,” Dhrel said in disgust.
“I know, we haven’t even found a single person to ask for directions,” Kriista replied.
“You don’t think this was all a trick do you?” Dhrel asked.
“I don’t see the point of it.  If it is a trick, that is.  Lascar likes to manipulate us into doing things for him.  How does wandering aimlessly through a forest help him at all?” the small draelic queen asked.
“I truly don’t know, but it’s a possibility that we were sent out here to keep us busy,” Dhrel stated.
Kriista nodded in agreement as she placed her pack beside the fire that Dhrel was making.  The small draelic queen then removed her bow from her shoulder, nocked an arrow, and started toward the forest.
“Getting some food?” Dhrel asked.
“Might as well camp here for the night.  I think maybe we should talk about changing directions.  But let’s get some food in us first.”  Then Kriista disappeared into the forest.
One good thing, Kriista thought, as boring as this land was, at least there was always plenty of game to hunt.  Not having seasons was annoying and bewildering at times but the animals seemed to flourish here.  It never took her more than half an hour to find a deer or rabbit for them to eat and today was no different.
Kriista crept silently toward the deer.  While she lined up her shot she got the feeling that she was being watched again.  Many times during their trip she had a weird feeling that someone was following them.  It wasn’t so much that she knew for certain and she had mentioned it to Dhrel before, but today the feeling was very strong.
On the wind she smelled something strange.  It wasn’t animal, it wasn’t human, perhaps some of both.  She heard a twig snap and the deer did also.  Before Kriista could release the arrow, the deer shot into the nearby brush and was gone.  Great, now she would have to find another deer.  But what had made that noise?
Kriista stood perfectly still, taking in every noise, watching every shadow.  She wasn’t just tracking an animal now, she was tracking something more intelligent, something that was tracking her.  She needed to disappear and sneak up on whomever was watching her, but first she needed to figure out where this person was.  The minutes seemed like hours as she watched and waited.  Finally something to her right, not too far from her, moved.  She could see a dark silhouette behind a tree.  It looked almost human but different.  Combining the smell and the shape she could make out, Kriista reasoned that it was a scaldreth.  Kriista eased herself down on to the ground without making any noise at all.  Once she was lying flat on her stomach she inched forward toward the figure.  One good thing about not having seasons was that there were no dried leaves on the ground only grass and other weeds, which she could move across silently.
When Kriista was about six or seven feet from the figure she stopped to watch its reaction.  The figure had apparently lost Kriista, it was darting its head back and forth trying to get a glimpse of her, but still not leaving the safety of its hiding spot.  When it turned its head Kriista was sure it was a scaldreth.  This one was mostly devoid of any spikes or coloring on its head, but it was definitely a scaldreth.
Kriista slowly stood, still not making a sound, until she was upright and staring at the creature.  She took a step forward intentionally stepping on a stick.  The stick snapped and the scaldreth jumped.  It saw Kriista and turned to run, letting out a pitiful sounding squeal.
“Wait!” Kriista yelled at the creature and it stopped.  “I won’t hurt you.”
“Why are you out here, mammal?” the creature asked with a hiss.
“I was just hunting food,” Kriista replied.  “Actually, I’m trying to find Katzack prison.”
“Silly mammal, you’re beside it,” the lizard said condescendingly.
“I don’t see it,” the draelic queen said.
“Of course you don’t, silly mammal.  Get your friend and I’ll show you,” the lizard said then sat down.  “Then maybe you can quit hunting my food.”
“Be right back,” Kriista said as she ran to get Dhrel.
While she ran she realized that she hadn’t said anything about having a friend.  Perhaps she wasn’t being paranoid.  Maybe this lizard had been following them.  It obviously knew about Dhrel.  How long had it been following them?
When Kriista returned with Dhrel, the lizard was still sitting in the same spot with its arms crossed.
“Slow mammals, no wonder you didn’t catch the food,” the lizard said.
“Wait, that was your fault.  If you hadn’t broken the stick, I would have hit that deer,” Kriista said obstinately.
“Kris?  What language are you speaking?  Is that actually a language?” Dhrel asked, looking strangely at his sister.
“What did your friend say?” the lizard asked.
Then Kriista realized, she wasn’t speaking Tyrillian.  Somehow she was speaking the lizard’s language.
“Um, I’m not sure how I am speaking with this lizard,” Kriista said turning to Dhrel with a confused look on her face.
“Now I can’t understand you either,” the lizard said impatiently.  “Are you telling secrets?  What are you saying?!”
“Be calm.  My brother doesn’t speak your language.  I’m trying to help him understand, just give me a minute,” Kriista said trying to calm the agitated lizard.
Kriista turned to explain to her brother but she stopped when she saw the silly grin on his face.  Like he had just found out her darkest secret and was going to use it against her.
“What?!” Kriista demanded.
“That’s your power.  Well one of them.  You can speak any language,” Dhrel said satisfied that he had solved the mystery.
“Seriously?  That is the lamest power.  How am I going to defeat Lascar with other languages?” Kriista asked, clearly unimpressed by her new ability.
“So when the governess was spouting spells, did you understand her?” Dhrel asked.
“Yes, she was just saying stuff like ‘Elements give me fire’, things like that,” Kriista stated.
“That’s great, she was actually chanting a spell in some language I didn’t understand.  This is perfect!” Dhrel exclaimed.
“I don’t see how this helps…” Kriista started but Dhrel interrupted.
“You can understand any language.  ANY LANGUAGE!” Dhrel yelled.
“I still don’t get it,” Kriista sighed.
“Look at your belt,” Dhrel said pointing at the key that Kriista had made into a belt buckle.
Kriista looked down and read the strange language as easily as if it had been written in Tyrillian.
“It just says ‘Outpost 2’.  You mean to tell me that you can’t read it?” Kriista asked innocently.
“No, it’s written in the guardian’s language,” Dhrel responded.
“Oh, I had no idea.  I see it as if it was Tyrillian,” Kriista said now realizing why Dhrel was so excited about her new ability.  “I guess I’ll have to translate for you.”
“Let me try something.  Open your mind to me while you speak.  Maybe I can hear what he is saying,” the young king suggested.
“Sure, worth a shot,” the draelic queen responded and concentrated on connecting to her brothers mind.  After she was finished she spoke to the lizard once more.
“Ok, I have explained it to my brother,” Kriista said to the lizard and then immediately looked at Dhrel to see if he could understand.
“Then let’s get moving, it will be dark soon,” the lizard replied.
Dhrel’s face lit up with a mischievous grin and Kriista knew he could understand now.  Dhrel spent the rest of their walk just listening to the thoughts in Kriista’s head.  He had no way to communicate with the lizard so he thought it best if he just kept quiet.
“So how close are we to this prison?” Kriista asked politely.
“Ha, silly mammals.  It’s right there,” the lizard said as it pointed north.
The wall was enormous, maybe fifty feet high.  But at the same time it wasn’t really a wall.  Someone, probably many someones, had intentionally grown trees right next to each other with maybe an inch or two between the trunks.  These trees were four or five layers thick making a wall that stretched as far as they could see in either direction, made entirely of living trees.  While they walked closer the lizard grew anxious.
“We can’t get too close.  Guards will kill anyone, on sight.  No questions, no interrogations, just dead,” the lizard said nervously.
Kriista was fine with this, she could see enough from this distance.  Around the outside of the wall was another smaller wall, maybe teen feet high, made of iron.  In between the iron wall and the tree wall was an area one hundred feet wide.  Inside this were many strange looking, almost canine beasts.  These beasts had bodies similar to wolves only bigger, but their heads were wider and their eyes bigger.  It almost looked as though someone had mixed a catfish with a wolf.  One of the pacing beasts apparently got upset with his neighbor because he charged at the other beast and opened his huge mouth.  Inside the beast’s mouth were three rows of razor sharp fangs nearly two inches long.  The first beast bit at the second and the second yelped in pain, but as the first released his bite there was no blood.  The beasts had some sort of thick hide that protected them from such things.
“What are those?” Kriista asked astounded by what she had just seen.
“Drolsazars,” the lizard said matter-of-factly.  “On our home planet they were pets, but these have been modified.  Raised to be killers, bred specifically for traits that make them the perfect guards.  The pet versions are called Culsazars, and they are quite cute.”
“I’ll take your word for it,” Kriista replied.
“We should head this way, I assume you are looking for the town at the entrance of the prison?” the lizard asked.
“Yes, is it far?” Kriista asked in response.
“Actually, it’s about two weeks walk.  You have been walking beside it for a while now,” the lizard said snidely.
When Kriista and the lizard had stopped speaking Dhrel spoke to his sister.
“You should ask his name and did you catch that?  He knows that he came from another planet,” Dhrel said.
Kriista hadn’t noticed, but her brother was right.  It was strange that this lizard knew he was from another planet.  Maybe he had some insight on the guardians and the machine.
“So, what should I call you?” Kriista asked.
“My name is Kleth,” the lizard responded.
“Good to meet you Kleth.  Do you have a wife?  Any children?”  Kriista was trying to make Kleth more comfortable with small talk before she brought up the guardians and the machine.
“Silly mammals.  You assume because I have no mammary glands that I am a male?” Kleth asked laughing a creepy, hissing laugh.
“Oh, my apologies, I had no idea.  You are the first scaldreth I have even spoken with.”  Kriista’s face turned red with embarrassment.
“Males are much smaller and have bright coloring on their faces.  Some even have spikes on their heads.”  The way Kleth spoke about it, it was clear that she preferred men with spikes.  “And why would a male be out here alone in the woods?  I doubt he would even be able to catch food.  I’m surprised you let your brother come with you.  Scaldreth would never take a male on such a long trip, unless he was the entertainment.”  Kleth’s smile was even more eerie now, almost evil.
Kriista was getting a clear impression, that scaldreth were even more matriarchal than draelic, almost to the point of men being thought of as little more than property.
Kriista was tired of small talk, it was getting her nowhere.
“So, earlier you mentioned your home planet.  You know where you come from?” Kriista asked.
“Of course, and if it wasn’t for those guardians we would still be there,” Kleth said, trailing off.  It was apparent from the inflection on the word guardians that the scaldreth hated them.
“So why were you imprisoned on this world?” Kriista asked.
“Ha, you make it sound like we were criminals.  This is no prison.  This is a relocation camp, a zoo.  The guardians used to come in droves to see their little pets, until one day they just stopped coming.  At least now we have our freedom.  Even if it is on this maker forsaken world.”  Kleth’s face was angry, she hated the guardians and with good reason.
“So if you weren’t criminals, why did the guardians bring you here?  To observe you?  Enslave you?” Kriista asked, she was honestly curious.
“Don’t you go pitying us.  And to answer your question, we are here because the guardians wanted our planet.  For the resources, the location, maybe because they just felt like it, who knows?  We did put up quite a fight though,” Kleth grinned evilly again.  “But in the end we were no match for them.  They had such technology, we didn’t stand a chance.  By the time it was all over there were maybe two hundred of us left.  A planet of millions, decimated in under a days’ time and only two hundred were moved to this planet.”  Kleth now seemed sad.  “They said they wanted to let us rebuild on a more suitable planet, but I think they just wanted a trophy.”
“Did your people have technology before they were placed here?” Kriista asked.
“From what I read, we had some technology.  Nothing compared to the guardians but our civilization was peaceful and prosperous.  Maybe it’s just creative history writing, but I like the stories.”  Kleth bowed her head as she walked.  This story upset her, made her wish for things she didn’t have and never would.
After a few hours Kriista broke the silence.
“It’s time for us to make camp for the night.  We can’t keep going in the dark, we might accidentally run into the wall,” Kriista said.
“Yes, you have a point,” Kleth responded.  “Well you mammals aren’t completely worthless.  Your male even kept up with us the whole time.  I would have bet good money that he would tire out.”  Despite Kleth’s rude insinuations she was actually trying to give Dhrel a compliment.
Kriista smiled in response.  If only Kleth knew the power Dhrel had, perhaps she would not be so snide.

Chapter 3
The trip to Katzack took the two weeks that Kleth had promised and during their trip they saw many houses along the edge of the wall.  Kleth explained that these houses belonged to the wall guards.  The families were offered free land on the condition that they guard the wall and feed the Drolsazars along the border of their property.  This arrangement had gone on for centuries and families had based their lives around this agreement.  Each family was half guard and half farmer.  Their land was free so all they had to provide was food for their family and the Drolsazars in their care.  The only other thing they had to do was keep everyone that was not their family away from the wall.
The town of Katzack was not quite what Dhrel and Kriista had expected.  Scaldreth architecture was completely different from human.  The city was made up of many small buildings far apart from one another.  Trees grew all over the place giving the impression that you were still in the forest.  The buildings themselves were by far the biggest difference.  Instead of buildings going up into the sky the scaldreth chose to build down.  Some of the biggest government run buildings went three or four stories under the ground with only a small hut like entrance above ground and many chimney looking devices.  Apparently the chimney looking things were to provide ventilation to the floors below.  This Dhrel thought, was the main reason that the city looked so spread out.  Under the ground the buildings probably butted up against each other but since there only needed to be a small entrance on the surface, these entrances were very far apart. 
In the business district there were many signs with strange writing that Dhrel could not make out.  Only with Kriista’s translation was he able to discern the signs from each other.  These signs were general information about what business was below ground.  There were food stores, book stores and even a few bars touting pictures of scantily clad male scaldreth, most of them with large horns.  Apparently the horn thing wasn’t just Kleth.  From what Dhrel could gather, the larger the horns the more attractive the male.  All in all it wasn’t much different from human cities, it just looked different on the surface.
Kleth led them to what appeared to be a decently expensive motel so they could sleep for the night.  Dhrel and Kriista had asked to go see the warden of the prison but by the time they arrived the government buildings had all closed for the evening.  During their long trip they had gotten to know Kleth pretty well.  Apparently Kleth made a living by hunting animals and bringing meat back to town to sell.  Dhrel and Kriista had caused Kleth to miss out on weeks of hunting so before they said goodbye Dhrel gave Kleth two gold pieces to compensate her for her help.  Then after paying twenty silver pieces each for their rooms they took their small supply bags and enjoyed the comfort of sleeping in a room with a bed and running water for the first time in months.
In the morning Kriista and Dhrel took their time packing up their things and enjoying the comforts of civilization before checking out.  They were uncertain how long it would take to find Raylee, but it was a sure bet that as soon as they found her they would be traveling through the woods once more.  Their first stop would be the local government building, the warden for the prison was also the leader of the city guards so she would probably be the best place to start looking.
With Kriista’s translations they quickly found the entrance to the city’s main government building.  On the surface it looked just like all the others, but according to the sign above ground, it contained four floors underneath.  At the entrance they were greeted by two rough looking scaldreth who carried spears at their sides and swords on their belts.  After some convincing from Kriista the guards lead them down the first flight of steps and passed them off to another set of guards that would escort them to the warden’s office.
The hallways and rooms they saw along the way were dark, some with a single candle in them.  Apparently this was how the scaldreth like things.  There was just enough light to illuminate the rooms but it was much less than either of them were used to.  After a few minutes their eyes adjusted to the dimly lit halls and they could make out bookshelves and hanging pictures in many of the office buildings.  Some of the offices had government workers filling out paperwork or talking to other scaldreth.  By Dhrel’s estimates the building must have had a couple hundred people inside it.
Finally after going down more stairs and crossing the building again they reached the bottom floor.  Kriista was feeling a little bit claustrophobic, they were four floors down, if there was an earthquake or faulty craftsmanship this place would collapse.  Hundreds of people would be trapped underground, how would anyone get to them before they suffocated?  Then she realized that this would probably not kill her or her brother.  In fact, Dhrel would most likely blow a hole straight to the surface with his magic.  She felt a little safer, but moved a little closer to Dhrel, just in case.
Dhrel could feel Kriista’s apprehension and when she got close enough to bump his arm he felt her relief.
“Don’t worry, if it collapses I will make sure you get out,” Dhrel said placing his hand on Kriista’s arm.  It was strange, he hadn’t seen his sister afraid very often.  It was strange that she could stand up to a man with the power to kill her but she was afraid of a building collapsing on her.  The more Dhrel thought about it the more he realized.  She wasn’t afraid of the building collapsing, it was the feeling of not being in control that made her afraid.  When fighting Lascar she was in control of herself, her abilities decided whether she won or lost.  Here it was up to random chance, she had no control over this situation.
“How did you know?” Kriista asked.
“I think even our escort knows, you are shaking like a leaf,” Dhrel said.  “But I can also feel your anxiety.”
“If you weren’t here, I doubt I’d have come inside,” Kriista said, her voice shaking.
“For a change, I’m the one making you feel safe.  That’s a switch,” Dhrel responded.
“For a change?  You mean I make you feel safe?” Kriista asked, not realizing how much her brother depended on her.
“Oh yes.  Well recently you have given me enough courage to do things on my own, but I doubt I would have gotten this far without you,” Dhrel said.
“That’s it!” Kriista exclaimed.
Their escort looked at Kriista curiously, they didn’t understand Tyrillian but the tone of Kriista’s voice and her abrupt change in demeanor caused them concern.
Kriista turned to them and spoke in scaldreth.  “Sorry, my brother just made me realize something.”
Kriista turned back to Dhrel and spoke in Tyrillian again.
“Lascar hasn’t killed me yet but cause YOU need me, not because he does,” Kriista said in a much more confident voice.  “I’ve been trying to figure out why he let me live, why Zorlen and Sarthol were forbidden from killing me, but now I get it.  Without me you would have given up and holed up somewhere like Raylee, right?”
“Yes, I probably would have.  But you kept me going, showed me that we can save our people.  I wouldn’t have given up exactly.  But yeah, I wouldn’t have had the strength to try and stop him,” Dhrel said somewhat ashamed of himself.  “You are the brave one, usually.”  Dhrel smiled at his sister, teasing her for her fear of being buried.
“Yeah yeah, I’m afraid of being trapped by tons of rock.  I’m a wuss,” Kriista said cheering up.  Dhrel had gotten good at teasing her at just the right moment.  It made Kriista feel more comfortable to be teased.  It reminded her of Elyse.
They walked the rest of the way smiling secretly at each other, both thanking the maker for giving them a sibling that complimented them so well.
When they finally reached the warden’s office there was no one inside.  The escorts led them in and told them to have a seat.  The warden was in a meeting and would be there shortly.  After about ten minutes of waiting the warden came in, followed by Kleth, but Kleth was no longer wearing hunting attire.  She was wearing a scaldreth military uniform and from the looks of it, she was a high ranking officer.
The warden was nearly a foot taller than Kleth, a slightly grayer shade of green and heavier.  She wore a neatly pressed uniform that was only a shade darker than her skin color with many colored badges and pins on it.
“I believe you’ve met my lieutenant, Kleth.  And my name is Raal, pleased to meet you,” the warden said in scaldreth as she made her way to her desk.  Kleth stood at attention next to the door.
“Yes, but I wasn’t aware she was your lieutenant.  I guess I should have known it was too coincidental for someone to find us out there,” Kriista said giving Kleth a look of respect.  “We’re actually just trying to find someone we heard was living here.  Raylee Tyrillias.”
“I’ve never heard of this person.  I think your information was incorrect,” Raal said shuffling some papers on her desk.
“She’s hiding something,” Dhrel said in Tyrillian.
“I understand your language perfectly, boy.  Watch your tongue!” Raal warned in Tyrillian.
“Sir, if I may be so bold, it may not be wise to anger Lascar’s grandchildren,” Kleth said in scaldreth.
The warden didn’t seem to care who they were nor who their grandfather was.
“You are the ones that killed the governess?” Raal asked in Tyrillian.  Still addressing them as though they were beneath her.
“Well not exactly, we took away her artifact.  If she is dead then I’d guess Lascar killed her,” Dhrel said as he stood up to address her.
“Well this changes things, my apologies,” Raal said, calming down.
“We get the occasional mammal asking about your cousin from time to time, but she gave us strict instructions to act like we don’t know her.  However I have no intention of getting in the middle of your family squabble or whatever this is,” Raal stated.  It was apparent that the warden did know who they were but didn’t really care.
“Then you do know where she is?” Kriista asked.
“May I?” Kleth asked, speaking in Tyrillian.
“You speak Tyrillian?” Dhrel questioned.
“Yes, sorry, part of my cover.  I am in charge of derailing any attempts at finding Raylee, but after traveling with you I realized who you really were.  That you were responsible for Gojeth.  You actually did us quite a service there.”  Kleth took a few steps forward as she started to explain.
“You see there is a portion of the scaldreth population that believes in an old religion.  A cult almost.  The Sisterhood of Ralashan.  This cult believes that all mammals are food, given to us by the maker.  They aligned with the governess to protect themselves from us, the rightful leadership of the scaldreth.  Their numbers are small, but their message gets them new recruits every day.  Now, since you are the leaders of Lascaria, we beg you to believe us when we say that this is an obscure sect of rebel scaldreth.  Their views are not the views of the scaldreth as a whole.  It is forbidden by our religion to eat any beings we consider sentient, mammals included.  We have no desire to go to war with Lascaria.  Even though we outnumber you, the casualties on both sides would be enormous.”
Kriista could see that Kleth was no simple lieutenant.  She was in charge of the scaldreth armies, her position might even be equivalent to Prime Minister in draelic culture.  Kleth was very adept at offering peace with thinly veiled threats.  These were conversations that generals had in draelic culture, conversations she was quite used to.
“We agree that a conflict would be detrimental to both sides.  Continued peace, perhaps even cooperation would benefit us both,” Kriista replied.  Her response sounded cold and rehearsed because it was.
Dhrel was impressed by his sister’s ability to handle situations like this.  Although he was quite adept at handling political maneuvering in Xanthan, the scaldreth seemed to handle their government more like the draelic.  This conversation seemed more like a string of threats and concessions than a debate to Dhrel.
Kleth continued.  “How we deal with The Sisterhood is something we must do with caution.  An attack on them by mammals would only strengthen their position.  With the governess gone, we can round up these criminals and put them in prison, where they belong.  So the scaldreth government would like to unofficially thank you for your part in removing the governess from power, but we urge you to let us handle The Sisterhood.”
“We understand.  Actually we are here in an unofficial capacity.  We are just looking for Raylee and trying to stop Lascar from whatever he is doing,” Kriista stated.
“Good,” the warden said somewhat relieved that Kriista and Dhrel were not there to start a war.  “But I wasn’t exactly lying.  We don’t know where Raylee is, she is somewhere in the prison.”
“Is she a prisoner?” Kriista asked.
Kleth laughed.  “No, she designed and for the most part built the prison.  In a way you could say she is in charge of it, from the inside.”
Raal interrupted.  “Raylee started the prison several hundred years ago.  It was her idea that prisoners who had committed crimes serious enough to warrant a death sentence should be given another option.  If a prisoner chooses to, they can live out their days away from society.  The prison is no better than a death sentence, but some prisoners prefer to go out on their own terms.  Once inside there is no coming back.  From what I hear, life is hard inside.  Not only do you have to fend for yourself but you have to fight off the other prisoners.  We provide them with monthly supplies, mostly some livestock and grain, the rest is up to them.”
“So how large is this prison and how many prisoners are inside?” Kriista asked, trying to find out what they were up against.
Kleth fielded this question.  “Well, I’d say that we have about one to two hundred prisoners inside.  Mind you, this is how many have been placed inside that might actually still be living.  The actual number that still live is up for debate.  As for the area, it is a two week walk to the other side from here and it is nearly as wide.  You had almost passed it when I found you.”
“Well this is going to be interesting,” Dhrel chimed in.
“You intend to go inside?” Raal asked.
“Yes,” Kriista replied.
“Well, I suppose you could get inside when the monthly supplies are delivered,” Kleth said, much more receptive to the idea.  “It would go much better for you than if we tried to put you in as a guard rather than a prisoner.  But once inside, you will have to find Raylee.  And there is no way out.”
“What would happen if Raylee herself showed up at the supply drop and asked to be let out?” Kriista asked.
“Well...  I suppose she would be let out,” Raal answered.  “The guards taking in the supplies would escort her, and anyone with her, to the other side.  If she wanted to leave, that is.”
“Then there is our way out.  We will have to find Raylee and convince her to help us get back out,” Kriista said, as if it would be that simple.
“While I do admire your confidence, I don’t think it will be that easy.  You will have to contend with murderers and rapists.  Some of which probably have banded together to survive.  Getting to Raylee may be harder than you think,” Raal stated.
Kleth smiled at Kriista and Dhrel like a child who is in on a secret.  “I’m sure you two will have no problem.  I don’t think Raal completely comprehends who you are.”
“I beg your pardon lieutenant,” Raal reprimanded.
“Sorry sir, but I don’t think you understand who these two are.  This is Dhrel and Kriista.  They are Lastian’s children,” Kleth explained.
Apparently Kleth knew a great deal about them, more than she originally let on.  This woman was not just following them by chance.  She had researched them, maybe even spied on them before they arrived in Brizen.
“I know they are Lastian’s children, but those prisoners are violent,” Raal challenged.
Kleth stood at attention, trying not to insult her superior again.  “Raal is a good warden but she is young and new to the job.  She has never seen the things your family is capable of, she only knows the rumors.  And the rumors are not even close to the truth.”
“I’m guessing you are really good at your job and prefer it over being warden?” Kriista asked with a mischevious look at Kleth.
“You might say that I’ve turned down the position a time or two,” Kleth said smiling back.
Although Raal was technically her superior, Kriista could tell that if it wasn’t for being stuck in an office, Kleth would be leading this place.
“Before I forget,” Kleth said walking over to Dhrel.  She held out her fist and then opened it, dropping two gold pieces into Dhrel’s open hand.  “I appreciate the kindness, but I was actually just doing my job.”
Dhrel smiled at Kleth and put the two gold pieces in his pocket.
“Now, you have a week until the monthly supply run, I can show you around the city if you like,” Kleth said as she walked to the door and opened it.
Kriista and Dhrel both said their goodbyes to Raal and then followed Kleth out of the room.

Chapter 4
Kleth made good on her promise and spent the week showing Kriista and Dhrel around the town.  She explained the cultural differences between scaldreth and mammals, even making jokes about the way humans prettied up females.  In the end, Kleth was much less chauvinistic than she pretended to be.  Kriista assumed that she kept up the appearance of chauvinism in an attempt to avoid offending other scaldreth.  The week went by quickly and soon Kriista and Dhrel were preparing to join the supply run into the prison.
Kleth had gotten them some drab green guard uniforms.  Although most of the uniforms were tailored to fit scaldreth, the city did have a modest human population.  With some effort Kleth was able to come up with two uniforms to fit Dhrel and Kriista.  Kleth explained to the real guards what was going on and who these two new people were.  Kleth was well respected by the guards so smuggling two people inside the prison was not a problem.
Once inside Kriista and Dhrel removed their guard uniforms which that covered their normal clothes.  The guards took the discarded uniforms and left, leaving only Dhrel and Kriista sitting with the supply cart, five hogs and four cattle.  The inside didn’t look much different than the outside of the prison.  There was a massive forest in front of them and a long empty road.
Soon a small group of people came into view.  The small group was walking down the road carrying what appeared to be long pointed sticks.  Kriista could see at least seven people, five scaldreth and two humans.  Their clothes appeared ragged and torn but clean.  Behind them was a horse, which Kriista assumed was going to be used to pull the cart.
“Should we hide?” Kriista asked.
“No, I think we need to try to get to know some people.  It’s our best chance at finding Raylee,” Dhrel replied.
“If they start something though…”  Kriista didn’t need to finish the sentence.  Dhrel knew what would happen if they tried to attack.  His sister was not one to back down from a fight.
When they were in shouting distance the scaldreth leading the small group yelled to them.  “Stand where you are and you won’t be hurt!”
Kriista struggled to contain a laugh.
“Be nice, Kris.  They don’t know who we are,” Dhrel scolded.
When the group got to the cart they walked right by Kriista and Dhrel, apparently more interested in the contents of the cart.  Two of the people hooked up the horse while the others grabbed the ropes attached to the hogs and cattle.  Then when all their cargo was ready the leader spoke.
“We will take you to see Raylee, she will discuss the rules and punishments.  Just follow us and don’t try anything cute,” the leader said.
One of the scaldreth came up behind Kriista with some rope.  As she prepared to tie Kriista’s hands the leader spoke again.
“I don’t think that will be necessary Raxx.  They haven’t done anything,” the leader said.  “My name is Goxx.  I’m sorry for Raxx, we’re used to getting some rough people in here.”
Raxx was a large scaldreth female while Goxx was a small male scaldreth, judging by his horns.  Apparently the scaldreth rules didn’t apply in prison since it seemed that Goxx was in charge.  The other three scaldreth appeared to be females, smaller than Raxx but still larger than Goxx.  The two human men were fairly large men, larger than Dhrel, but they kept quiet apart from commanding the livestock to move.
As they walked Goxx began to explain things to Kriista and Dhrel, assuming that they were new prisoners.
“Lady Raylee is our ruler, kind but strict.  She will explain the rules to you and I hope that you will take them to heart.  I know you were expecting anarchy when you walked in the gates, but I assure you Raylee keeps things running smoothly in here.  This is your second chance, you will not get a third,” Goxx explained in a commanding tone.
For the rest of the trip, which lasted almost two days, no one spoke to either of them again.  When Kriista attempted to ask questions the only response she got was ‘Ask Raylee’.
When the group finally made it to the settlement, Kriista could barely believe her eyes.  It was actually a fairly sizable town.  There were maybe fifty one story houses spread out across the countryside.  These were not expensive looking houses, mostly log cabins with thatched roofs, but it was still impressive.  To the south of the town there were many cattle and hogs running around in a large fenced area and to the north was a large field of what appeared to be corn.
Goxx was right, Kriista had expected anarchy, people fighting over food, killing each other, but this was very civilized.  They even had a government with Raylee as their leader.
After walking passed maybe ten or twenty houses they came upon a much larger building.  This building was round with no windows and only one large set of double doors.  Kriista assumed that this was the government building, where Raylee was.
Goxx lead them inside the large double doors where they could see rows of seats around the walls of the building with a large open area in the middle.  In the back of the room was a pedestal with a wooden throne on it.  On the throne was a small thin woman, maybe half a head shorter than Kriista.  She had long brown hair that had been braided and the braid was resting on her shoulder.  The woman had one leg over the armrest of the chair and she was absentmindedly picking at some sort of wooden statue she was carving.  The woman looked up when Kriista and Dhrel reached the center of the room.  Her eyes were dark green and her face appeared to be xeltheen, but neither of them had ever seen a xeltheen with green eyes.  This must be Raylee.
The woman stood and walked to the center to meet them.
“I am Raylee.  I’m guessing this is not quite what you expected,” Raylee said as she walked around behind them.  “Don’t let the look of this place deceive you.  This place, this town, is for people who can follow the rules.  There have been over two hundred prisoners sent here in the past twenty years and there are only one-hundred and twenty-three living in this town.  You do the math.”
Raylee continued walking until she was in front of them again.  She placed her hands on her hips and started speaking again.
“The first rule, do not kill.  This is the most important rule.  If you kill anyone you will be dead before you can leave this town, I assure you,” Raylee paused to let her words sink in.  “There will be no trial, there will be no jury.  I will kill you before you know what happened.”
“But…” Kriista tried to interrupt.
Raylee took a step forward and slapped Kriista in the face so quickly that all Kriista saw was a blur.
“No talking until I’m finished,” Raylee reprimanded.
The slap wasn’t exactly painful for Kriista, it just made her mad.
“Wait Kris,” Dhrel warned his sister.
Raylee stepped toward Dhrel and slapped him with lightning speed.
Dhrel only smiled back at Raylee.
“I see you two will be a problem.”  Raylee turned around obviously frustrated and put her hands behind her back while she paced.
Raylee turned back around and began again.
“Rule two, never and I mean never, talk back to me,” Raylee said raising her voice in anger.
“One second,” Kriista interrupted again.
Raylee shot across the room, her hand in a fist and hit Kriista in the abdomen.  Kriista bent over, this time it actually hurt, but just a little.
Kriista stood up straight, she was furious.  She had about had enough of this.  As Kriista was taking a step toward Raylee Dhrel stuck out his hand to hold his sister back.
“Let her finish, Kris,” Dhrel said trying to calm his sister.
Raylee shot across the room preparing to hit Dhrel also but Kriista ducked under Dhrel’s arm and hit Raylee in the abdomen as retribution.  Raylee tumbled head over heels in the dirt, spun around and stood up again, preparing for another assault.
“Just wait, Kris,” Dhrel said as he took a step back.
Kriista took her stance and Raylee turned her gaze on Kriista.  Raylee shot forward again, aiming for Kriista’s head this time.  Kriista took a step to the side, knelt down and elbowed Raylee in the abdomen again.  Raylee doubled over for a second, trying to overcome the pain, then shot up again and landed a blow on Kriista’s side.
Kriista and Raylee traded blows, faster than most of the people in the room could see, but Dhrel had no problem keeping up with them.  Kriista had a cut over her eye and Raylee’s nose was bleeding.  After a few moments of this Dhrel calmly walked in between them and shut his eyes.  As Raylee and Kriista ran at each other again Dhrel held up both hands, palms facing each of them and concentrated.  Both women were held up in the air by Dhrel’s power, stuck with no way to move.  Dhrel opened his eyes, which were now glowing bright blue, and yelled.  “Stop!”
“We’re here to warn you Raylee,” Dhrel said turning to look at his cousin.
Dhrel released them and Kriista dusted off her clothes while Raylee reeled backwards, not sure what was going on.
“Who are you?!” Raylee commanded.
“Lastian’s children,” Kriista said, nearly out of breath.
“You lie!” Raylee yelled unsure what to believe.  “Lastian never had kids!”
“When was the last time you spoke with him?” Dhrel asked calmly.
“Not for a hundred years, but still, he would have told me,” Raylee said still not sure if she believed this.  Raylee walked back to her throne, Dhrel and Kriista following her.
“Please leave us,” Raylee commanded to the guards.  The guards turned and left, shutting the door behind them.  They didn’t question Raylee or even mutter a single word.
“Our father is dead,” Kriista said, realizing that Raylee probably didn’t know.
“What?!  That can’t be!  Lascar could never beat him,” Raylee said starting to believe their story.  Tears welled up in her eyes, she wanted to cry but she didn’t want to look weak.
“I’m afraid Lascar found a way,” Dhrel said, backing up his sister.
“And now he is after you,” Kriista interjected.
“Well your key, anyway,” Dhrel added.
“Then it’s starting,” Raylee said, her grief now replaced with fear and loathing.
“You know about Lascar’s plan?” Kriista asked.
“I know he has a plan, but what it is, I have no idea,” Raylee said, her grief welling up again.  Raylee wiped the tears from her eyes and then looked up at the roof.  “Uncle Lastian, how did he beat you?”
“I’m sorry, we had no idea you were so close to him,” Dhrel said.
Raylee wiped more tears from her eyes and took a deep breath.  “No, I’m sorry.  I’m sure it was hard on you as well.  He was your father.  How did it happen? When?”
“Well apparently Lascar found him and my mother when I was about three.  No one really knows what happened but Lascar killed them both,” Dhrel explained.
“All we know is that Lascar is trying to collect these keys,” Kriista said lifting her shirt, uncovering the key she used as a belt buckle.
“Well at least you have yours still,” Raylee said.  “And yours?”  Raylee looked at Dhrel.
“Apparently mine is the master key and I have no idea where it is.  But Lascar doesn’t either,” Dhrel replied smugly.
“Well, I have mine,” Raylee said pointing to the top of her throne.  Kriista and Dhrel had failed to notice that Raylee’s key was embedded in the top of her throne like a decoration.
Dhrel had a thought, if Lastian’s journal contained information for him and Kriista, maybe it had something in it for Raylee.  They were not allowed to take anything with them into the prison but Dhrel snuck the journal in under his shirt.
“I brought father’s magic journal with me, maybe it has something for you in it,” Dhrel said reaching under his shirt and pulling out the journal.
“Do you mind?” Raylee said as she held her hand out.
“Why would I mind?  I brought it up,” Dhrel replied.
“Sorry, this all feels like some kind of bad dream.  I’m afraid I’m not acting like myself,” Raylee apologized.
“Please, take it back to your home, study it.  We can talk in the morning, after you have had time to come to grips with this,” Dhrel said.
“Can we have some place to sleep?” Kriista said not sure if her hostilities with Raylee were actually over.
“Sure, sorry, the guards outside will show you to an empty house.  You can stay there as long as you like,” Raylee was lost in thought and barely looked at them.  She was staring at the journal afraid of what was written inside.
Kriista and Dhrel left Raylee to mourn.  The guards outside the meeting hall were surprised but ultimately decided it was best to show Raylee’s guests to an empty house rather than interrupt her.
Once they were in one of the small houses and the guards had left them, Kriista turned to Dhrel.
“I’m not sure about her, do you really think we should have left the journal with her?” Kriista asked suspiciously.  “It didn’t take much convincing.  She just accepted everything we said, no proof needed or anything.”
“No, she was being sincere, almost like she expected this.  She didn’t lie or try to deceive us even once, as far as I could tell,” Dhrel reassured his sister.
“So you could read her?” Kriista asked.
“Yes, she was like an open book.  Even easier than most ‘normal’ people,” Dhrel said, not quite comfortable using the word normal.  If other people were normal, that made them abnormal.
“You mean, as easy as reading me, when I don’t block it?  That’s what you mean don’t you?”  Kriista was pretending to have her feelings hurt, but really she was just picking on her brother.
“Yes…  As easy as you.”  Dhrel smiled realizing what his sister was up to.
“All joking aside, it’s probably because she is like us that you read her easier,” Kriista deduced.
“That’s what I was thinking.”  Dhrel paused, searching around the room for some blankets.  “Why can’t I read Zorlen like that though?  That is the real question.  His emotions are a jumble.  I can never get a clear reading on what he is feeling.  It’s like he has several emotions going on at the same time, very strange.”
“I’m sure Lascar has trained him to block you or confuse your emotion reading somehow,” Kriista responded.  “You are sure you trust her then?”  Kriista was not quite ready to drop this.  She needed to be sure that Dhrel was ok with Raylee.
“Yes, I’m sure she wasn’t lying.  Now, that doesn’t mean we trust her completely, but she was telling the truth in the meeting hall.  That will have to do for now.”  Dhrel finally found some blankets and threw some to Kriista, hitting her in the face.
“I could have caught that you know?” Kriista teased.
“Sure sure, was the sun in your eyes?” Dhrel teased, pointing out the window to the black sky.
“Ha ha, very funny.  I’m just preoccupied, that went way too easily.  Any time something is too easy it’s because Lascar planned it that way.”  Kriista unfolded the blanket and laid out her bedding.
“You do have a point, don’t let your guard down.  There still could be something Raylee isn’t telling us.  I guess we’ll find out more in the morning,” Dhrel said as he covered himself up and rolled over to get some sleep.
“Should I blow out the candle?” Kriista asked.
Dhrel rolled back over to face his sister again.  “No, I’m not that comfortable here yet.  Let’s not take any chances.”
That was the response Kriista was hoping for.  Satisfied that Dhrel was as uneasy as she was, she rolled over and also tried to get some sleep.

Chapter 5
In the morning Dhrel and Kriista were woken by a knock on their door.  The sun was just raising, barely visible through the thick fog.  Dhrel got up first and answered the door, it was Raylee.
“Would you two care to join me for breakfast?  I’d like to apologize for yesterday, your news caught me off guard.  And I’d like the chance to explain some things,” Raylee said standing in the doorway.
“Sure,” Dhrel answered.
Kriista looked at Raylee suspiciously, but if Dhrel had sensed anything wrong he would tell her.  So Kriista got to her feet and made her way to the door.
As they walked Raylee started explaining.
“The news about your father hit me pretty hard.  I wasn’t really ready to talk about how I knew him and why he meant so much to me.  But, since you are family, and not trying to kill me, I suppose a little background is the least I can do.”  Raylee walked quickly, apparently in a hurry to get to wherever they were going.
“Not something I want everyone in the town to hear, mind you,” Raylee said as she opened the double doors to the meeting hall.  “This is about the only private place in the whole camp, so we’ll have breakfast here.”
In the middle of the meeting hall someone had set up a table with three chairs.  On the table was what appeared to be pork, eggs and some sort of bread.  There was a plate at each seat and wooden eating utensils.
“Sorry for the crude arrangements, but there is no metal in here.  We have to make everything out of wood or bone.”  Raylee took her seat at the head of the table and began taking some of each of the food laid out on the table.  “Please, help yourself.”
Kriista and Dhrel reluctantly followed her lead and got themselves some of the food.
“I’ve lived here a very long time.  Nearly five hundred years.  That was when I started building this place.  It was actually your father that gave me the idea for this place.  He also helped me build it.”  Raylee paused as she ate some of the food.
“Lastian knew what Lascar had done to my family.  He also knew that Lascar would never quit hunting me.  So, he suggested I create some place where Lascar could never sneak up on me.  What your father actually meant was for me to hire guards and build some sort of fortress.  But I had another idea.  Build a prison, filled with murderers, rapists, the worst criminals you could imagine.  The kind of criminals that would get a life sentence or death and make them obey me.  I now had the most loyal, dangerous guards in the world.”
“This solved one problem.  Lascar couldn’t send someone to get me, he would have to come himself.  These dangerous criminals wouldn’t stand a chance against Lascar, so I built this place in the middle of nowhere.  Not only does Lascar have to get through an almost impossible wall, guarded by Drolsazars, he has to travel by himself to the middle of nowhere.  And if you know Lascar, you know he hates to travel alone, he does it from time to time, but he absolutely hates being alone.  This provided me with a deterrent for Lascar.  Yes, if provoked, Lascar could still come and make it all the way here, but surely someone here would see him.  Everyone knows everyone here so a new face would alert the guards who would then tell me.  So, as you see this is the safest place I could ever hope to be.  I realized long ago that if Lascar wanted to get me, he would get me, I could only make it difficult for him to succeed.”
“I know I promised to tell you about your father and I’m getting to that.”  Raylee drank some sort of juice from a wooden cup to clear her throat.  Apparently once Raylee started talking she just kept going.  Dhrel and Kriista didn’t have to prod her or ask any questions, just let her speak her mind.
“You see I think of Lastian as my father.  When I was a child Lascar killed my mother.  Sarthol, my real father, did as he always does.  If you met him you would understand.  He is a coward, he ran,” Raylee said with mild disgust.
“I’m sorry to interrupt but yes, we have met your father,” Dhrel said.
“Then you know exactly what I’m talking about.  So basically Lastian had taken care of me since I was about four or five.  He trained me, taught me everything he could, protected me from Lascar’s anger.  Believe me Lascar wanted to punish me, I was a rebellious brat.  But Lascar didn’t dare touch me, not with Lastian around.  He wanted Lastian to obey him more than he wanted to punish me.”  Raylee trailed off.  The realization that Lastian was dead hit her again.
“The years went on, I grew up, became less of a brat.  Lascar tolerated me, some days I even thought he might like me, just a little.  Then Lastian found out about Lascar’s plan, the part we know about anyway.  Lascar wanted to collect these keys, each one attuned to one of his offspring.  In order to use these keys, he would need to kill all of us.  This would give him incredible power from some ancient device, enough power to bring Zephillia, his long dead wife, back to life.  So, Lastian and I went out in to the world and we found my key.  I built this place to keep the key safe, as well as myself.  Lastian was supposed to come here when he found his key, but I’m guessing something else came up.  Either way, I’m not upset with him.  He did what he felt was best.”  Raylee stared down at her food again, her appetite had left.
“That’s about as much as we know as well,” Kriista added.  She was amazed at how fast Raylee spoke.  It was like her story had been bottled up for so long, with no one to tell, that it all just poured out.
“We mostly came here to find out if you knew any more than us and to warn you that Lascar is coming,” Dhrel explained.  “By my count he needs to find one more key and the master key.  After that he has to take our keys, then he wins.”
Raylee looked up from her food with a grin on her face.  “So he’s not even half way done.”
“Well, yes, I suppose you could look at it that way,” Kriista conceded.
“I guess you are right,” Dhrel said, feeling a little better about their situation.
“We have time to figure out the rest of his plan and stop him,” Raylee said with confidence.  “First of all, we need to get ready.  I’m very out of practice fighting our own kind.  I think you could use some practice yourself.”  Raylee looked straight at Kriista.
“Yes, I suppose you’re right.  I could always do better,” Kriista replied.
“And you?  I don’t think I can help you with magic, but I could teach you how to fight better.  Raylee stared at Dhrel now.  “And maybe a few things about your key.”  Raylee returned her gaze to Kriista.
“No thanks, I am a very bad fighter.  I will read through father’s journal and see if I can learn anything new.”  Dhrel tried to say this as nicely as possible but it still came out as condescending.
Raylee got the impression that Dhrel thought fighting was a waste of time, and perhaps he was right.  How could they fight someone like Lascar without magic?  At the same time, what else could she and Kriista do besides fight?
“Well then, it’s settled.  How about we start after lunch, Kris?”  Raylee attempted to use the nick name Dhrel used when speaking to Kriista but it sounded funny, almost forced coming from her.
Kriista laughed.  “Kris is fine, and what shall I call you?  Ray sounds like a boy’s name.”
“Call me Lee.  That’s what your father used to call me.  Haven’t had anyone call me that in years, to be honest.”  Raylee again trailed off.  She was trying to cope with Lastian’s death, but it was turning out to be harder than she thought.
Dhrel was lost in thought, but even without Dhrel’s ability to read emotions Kriista was able to tell that Raylee was having a hard time with Lastian’s death.
“Perhaps you could show me around as well?  Maybe when you’re ready you can even tell me stories about father?  I have a few good ones I’d like to share with someone that knew him.  I think you’ll find them amusing,” Kriista said.  Kriista’s grin was quite silly and for a second Raylee smiled as well.
“Sure, I’d like that.  But first I must make my rounds.  There are a few people I have to keep an eye on.  I have to make sure they are following the rules here,” Raylee said as she stood up from the table.  “Feel free to eat your fill.  How about we meet here for lunch and after that we’ll take that tour.”
Kriista nodded and smiled while Dhrel sat there lost in thought.
Raylee performed some weird salute that almost looked like a Draelic salute but slightly different.  She put her hand to her forehead, fingers outstretched, and then moved her hand forward.  It was almost a wave goodbye, Kriista thought, but somehow more formal.  In response, Kriista just smiled and then Raylee left.

Chapter 6
After lunch Raylee took Kriista on the tour she had promised while Dhrel went back to their temporary house to read Lastian’s journal.  Raylee spent over an hour showing Kriista around her modest town.  Raylee was quite proud of the settlement she and the prisoners had built.  They had running water from a nearby stream hooked up to a pump in the middle of town and most of the land around the settlement was devoted to either raising livestock or crops.  By the end of the tour Kriista was genuinely impressed, she had seen small towns outside the prison with much less that what Raylee had built here.
As their tour came to an end Kriista decided it was time to bring up more uncomfortable topics, Raylee’s brother in particular.  She wasn’t quite sure she could completely trust Raylee.  Did she know about Zorlen, and how much of Lascar’s plan had Raylee figured out?
“How about we do some training now?” Raylee asked.
“Before that, we need to talk about your brother,” Kriista said sheepishly.
“My brother?” Raylee asked sincerely.
“Apparently you aren’t aware that you have a brother?” Kriista asked in reply.
“No, is he ok?  How old is he?”  Raylee asked exactly the right questions for someone who just found out she had a brother.  This encouraged Kriista.
“He’s about my age, I’d bet.  Sixty or seventy years old. But as to whether he’s ok…” Kriista trailed off trying to find the right words to describe how Zorlen had chosen Lascar’s side.  “Well, I guess there’s no easy way to say this.  He is helping Lascar.”
The look on Raylee’s face immediately turned to anger.  She turned almost stamping her feet and looked up to the sky.
“WHY CAN’T YOU JUST LEAVE US ALONE!?” Raylee yelled to no one.
After a few moments of steaming Raylee calmed her voice and looked at Kriista.
“What’s his name?  Do you think Lascar somehow tricked him?” Raylee asked.
Kriista didn’t know how to respond to the second question.  How could she tell her cousin that Zorlen was just like Lascar?  Lascar hadn’t tricked Zorlen into this path, Zorlen had many opportunities along the way and chose Lascar every time.
“I’m sorry but I think Zorlen wants to be like Lascar,” Kriista said staring at her feet.
“But…” Raylee tried to object but the reality of it was, there were people like Lascar all over the world, they just didn’t have the power to make their twisted dreams come true.  Her brother was clearly one of these people.
“I’m sorry, but you needed to know.  I’m sure you will meet him eventually and I wanted you to be prepared.”  Kriista looked into Raylee’s eyes.  “You seem like a decent person, but Zorlen isn’t like you.  Not from what I’ve seen.”
“I can still try to talk him out of it,” Raylee said trying to convince herself more than Kriista.
“Yes, and I hope he listens to you, but from what I’ve seen he is very loyal to Lascar.”  Kriista didn’t want to go into too many details.  Raylee would find out soon enough how evil her brother really was.
Raylee put her arm on Kriista’s shoulder.  “Don’t worry, we’ll deal with him later.  For now…”   Raylee motioned to one of the few empty fields surrounding the village.  “We will get ready.”
The field wasn’t large, it was only large enough to fit maybe two houses.  Kriista knew right away what the field was for.  It was surrounded by a wooden fence and there was no grass on the ground.  This was a training ground.  There were a few wooden stumps in the corners of the field that had been somewhat chipped away by some kind of weapon and at the entrance there was a weapon rack that had staves and wooden swords.
“Here is where I train, when I have time.  It also helps some of the prisoners work out their issues.  You’d be surprised how therapeutic it can be to hit a tree stump, or someone else with a wooden sword when you’re angry.”  Raylee smiled at Kriista as she walked up to the weapon rack and grabbed a staff.  “Go ahead, pick one up.  They are well crafted and perfectly balanced.”  Raylee spun the staff around making a stabbing motion at the end of her rotation.
Kriista just stared at Raylee’s display for a few moments.  Raylee was quite graceful with her moves.  The staff was almost like a part of her body.  She swung at invisible foes then put one end of the staff on the ground and propelled herself over it with ease.  Upon landing Raylee did another thrust and spun the staff again striking at an invisible enemy behind her.
“You’re...  I mean I’m good but you’re really good.”  Kriista was astounded.  She had never seen anyone fight like this.  All her training with Gromthule, Elyse, Dhrel, all the generals.  She had never seen anyone move like this.
“Your father was a good teacher.  We may not have magic but if we don’t get hit…” Raylee said as she spun and attacked another invisible foe.  “we don’t get dead.”
“You have a very good point,” Kriista agreed as she walked over and picked up a staff for herself.
“I know that these are just wood, but Rola wood has an interesting effect on magic.  Most kinds of magic anyway.”  Raylee did a thrust and another flip, this time a back flip, landing perfectly on her feet and thrust again.  “Magic cannot pass through Rola wood.  I don’t know why, it just can’t.  It can shatter the wood if it’s strong enough, but it can’t pass through it.”  Raylee dropped to her knees then used the staff to propel herself again over the staff and landed right in front of Kriista.
“Oh, you gotta show me how to do that!” Kriista exclaimed.
“I know it’s flashy, and that’s not how a fight would really go, that’s not the point.  The point is to get your body to move faster and with precision.  These exercises are to teach your body to react without thinking.”  Raylee put the staff over her shoulder and walked back to the entrance to get a cup of water from the pail that had been placed there.
“Yes, I can see the benefits!”  Kriista was almost too excited.  She loved to train.  She loved finding new ways to fight.  In short, she felt the most comfortable when she was fighting, even if the enemies were invisible.
“Your father taught me a lot but he could still beat me almost every time.  So even though I might not be as good as he was, I’ll help you however I can.”  Raylee put the cup back into the pail and walked back to Kriista.  “But first there’s another lesson you need to understand.”  Raylee reached into her pocket and pulled out her key.
“This key is not just a power source.  It’s not just protection from Lascar.  It’s so much more.”  Raylee flipped the key over in her hand.  Clearly she had held this key often.
“What do you mean more?”  Kriista’s interest was piqued.  Maybe this key could help her defeat Lascar.
“Ok, how do I explain this?”  Raylee paced, still flipping the key over in one hand while holding the staff up on her shoulder with the other.
“It’s not just a key to some door somewhere.  It can unlock things in your mind.”  Raylee walked back to the weapon rack and put the staff back in its place.  Kriista put her staff back as well.
“Don’t worry, we’ll use the staves soon,” Raylee could see the disappointment on Kriista’s face.  Kriista really wanted to learn how to move like Raylee.
“This is just as important, maybe more so.”  Raylee stood in front of Kriista and then knelt down with her key in front of her, cupped in both hands.
Kriista quickly imitated Raylee, removing her key from her belt.
“It doesn’t happen by accident, well…”  Raylee looked up from the key into Kriista’s eyes.  “The first time I did it was by accident, then with some effort, I was able to do it again.”
“Do what?” Kriista asked.
“Unlock something in my head.”  Raylee smiled.  “Just concentrate on the key.  And be open to what it is trying to show you.”
“Like meditation?” Kriista asked.
“Yes, only let the key show you what it needs to show you.  Don’t try to force it, just follow.”  Raylee looked down at the key then closed her eyes.  Kriista saw what Raylee was doing and tried to imitate this as well.
The moment Kriista shut her eyes she saw a flash.  She tried to hold on to the image but it faded as soon as she tried.  She relaxed again and another flash appeared.  This time she tried to do as Raylee had said.  Kriista didn’t react to the flash this time, she tried to stay calm and relaxed.  The flash became clearer.
Kriista was floating above a green field of grass and two people were visible in the distance.  She tried to make out who the people were but the vision got fuzzier so Kriista forced herself to relax again.
The people grew closer, it was her father and Meelaranda, at least Kriista thought it was Meelaranda.  The woman looked similar to pictures Kriista had seen of the xeltheen queen.
“Meela, what is it?” Lastian called out.
It was Meelaranda, but when was this?
“I feel like we are being followed,” Meela said looking over her shoulder at the empty field behind them.
“Not that I do not believe you, but I should have sensed someone.  Maybe it’s a wolf or something, curious about our intrusion into its land,” Lastian said trying to appease his wife.
“Yes, perhaps you are right,” Meela conceded and continued walking.
In the distance Kriista could see a moderately sized city.  It looked like Aelen, but it was probably a day’s walk from where they were.  It was getting dark and all the fires in the city were lit.
“We should stop for the night,” Lastian said kindly.
“You are probably right, dear,” Meela responded.
Kriista’s heart began to race, her pulse pounded in her head.  A shadowy figure approached them from behind, silently.  It wore a dark robe, maybe grey, maybe brown.  It was hard for Kriista to make it out, perhaps she was trying to hard again.  Kriista forced herself to calm down and the figure came into focus.
The figure moved like a man, but he was graceful and quick.  It wasn’t Lascar.  The man quietly snuck up right behind Lastian and put his hand out.  The hand didn’t look normal, then she realized that the man’s hand was covered in a strange glove.  The glove was made out of leather, like a normal glove, but on the inside of the fingers there were strips of wood.
The man reached into Lastian’s pack without making a sound and pulled out a shiny object.  It was getting blurry again and Kriista’s pulse was getting more frantic.  Kriista breathed out slowly through her mouth and felt calm wash over her brain.  The object came into focus, it was a key, Lastian’s key.
The man then stepped silently to Meela and placed the key in Meela’s pack.  Then as quickly as he had come, he disappeared.  Kriista didn’t see him walk off, it was like the figure just vanished.  Then an explosion went off and Lastian was thrown backward.  Kriista’s heart raced and she opened her eyes.
“What did you see?” Raylee asked calmly.
“I saw father die…  I saw Lascar kill him!  There was a man!  The man took Lastian’s key and put it in Meelaranda’s pack, so that Lascar could kill him,” Kriista tried to calm down but it wasn’t working this time.  Her head raced with anger and sorrow.  She squeezed the key with all her might but the key was indestructible so even Kriista’s strength could not bend it.  When she realized what she was doing she opened her hands and stared at the marks left by the key.
“Sometimes what we see isn’t pleasant,” Raylee said trying to comfort her cousin.  “But the key is trying to tell you something.  Sometimes you’re just not ready to get the message yet.”
“How does this help me fight Lascar?!”  Kriista was angry and confused.
“In two ways,” Raylee said in a soft voice.  She needed Kriista to calm down.  “First, you got to see something you were never supposed to see.  It’s like a puzzle.  You need more pieces before it will make sense though.”
“And second?” Kriista asked, somewhat calmer.  It wasn’t Raylee she was frustrated with.
“Second, it should have opened a new path in your mind.  Think of it like training your mind, getting it ready for something.”  Raylee tried to speak in a soft calming voice.  Kriista needed to remain calm for this to work.
“Ready for what?!”  Kriista was getting agitated.  She was not patient.  She wanted to know and she wanted to know now.
“You can’t rush this,” Raylee said remaining calm.  “This takes time.  Your mind and your body are not ready for you to just get all your powers at once.  That might kill you or worse.”
“What is worse?” Kriista asked frantically.  Raylee’s attempts at calming her were not working.
“What’s worse is for you to end up like Lascar,” Raylee said sternly.  Kriista’s unwillingness to listen was beginning to annoy her.  This was no joke, this wasn’t like learning to fight with a sword.  This was something far more dangerous.
“You mean like magical power?” Kriista asked, calming down a little more as Raylee’s words sunk in.
“Yes, like magical power,” Raylee replied.  “Although I doubt you will be shooting off energy beams or making people float off the ground, but maybe.”
“So the key is preparing me to fight Lascar?” Kriista asked.
“In a way, yes, I think that is its purpose.”  Raylee looked at her key.  “I think these things, or whoever made these things, want us to protect whatever it is from Lascar.  So they are teaching us how to defend ourselves, maybe even how to beat him.”
Kriista thought about the thinking machine that Dhrel had described.  Maybe this was some kind of defense.  Lascar was trying to do something bad with it so it was defending itself.  Choosing people that can defeat Lascar and teaching them how to do it.  Or maybe these keys were just power sources that taught someone magic, maybe there was no intelligence in them.  Either way, this was something Kriista couldn’t ignore.  A chance at beating Lascar, any chance, was worth taking.
“I want to do that again.  I need to see more!”  Kriista exclaimed and cupped the key again.
“No!  Wait!” Raylee said grabbing Kriista’s shoulders.  “Not this soon, your mind can’t handle it.”
Kriista opened her eyes and looked at Raylee.  “What do you mean?”
“I was serious about you becoming like Lascar.  Learning too much too soon has a detrimental effect on your mind.”  Raylee’s face showed concern.  “Let your mind rest, train your body now.”  Raylee stood up and put the key back in her pocket.  She walked over to the weapon racks and picked up one stave in each hand.
“So is this what happened to Lascar?” Kriista asked.
“Oh I bet it was something like this, but it wasn’t a key.  Perhaps his mother, Faamyn?  Maybe Zephillia?  Who knows?  But too much power too quickly can make you insane.  It does something to your mind.”  Raylee’s expression looked more sad than concerned now.  Kriista got the impression that there was a story there.
“How do you know this?” Kriista asked as she stood up and put her key back on her belt.
“I almost did it to myself,” Raylee said looking down in shame.
“Tell me please, I want to know.”  Kriista was worried about Dhrel.  She needed to know how it happened, how to reverse it, everything.
“You’re worried about your brother aren’t you?” Raylee asked.
“It’s that obvious?” Kriista asked in reply.
“You two are close, of course you’d worry about your magical brother.  I’ll tell you,” Raylee relented.
“Well, Lascar sent Lastian out to find the keys when he first found out about them.  And this was after he killed my son.”  Raylee paused for a moment.  Talking about her son was not a comfortable subject, probably why she was reluctant to speak about this.
“Sorry to interrupt but what was his name?” Kriista asked.
“Whose name?” Raylee looked flustered.
“Your son’s.  I’m tired of saying ‘Raylee’s baby’ or ‘Raylee’s son’.  I would like to know his name please.”  Kriista looked at Raylee.  Tears began to well up in Raylee’s eyes.
“His name was Francis.”  Raylee smiled with tears in her eyes.  “He was beautiful, perfect.”  Raylee looked at Kriista curiously.  “Who have you lost?”
“Nothing compared to losing a child, I’m sure.  But, I lost my wife.  Saw her killed right in front of me.”  Either from sympathy or the reminder of Elyse, tears began forming in Kriista’s eyes as well.
“No, it’s not the same.  But it’s close enough.  I’m sorry.”  Raylee relaxed a little, her defensiveness not completely gone.
“Her name was Elyse,” Kriista said.
“It’s good to remind ourselves of why we are doing this.  Just make sure you don’t turn into something Elyse would be afraid of,” Raylee said.
“Anyway…” Raylee said wiping the tears from her eyes.  “I joined Lastian in Brizen, this was before we made this place.”  Raylee raised her arms and spun half way around.  “We found an old woman who had one of the keys.  This woman had been driven insane by the key.  Not talking to her cat insane, like she was afraid the furniture was out to get her insane.”
Kriista laughed at Raylee’s definitions of insanity.
“She tried to take our heads off the second we opened the fence to her yard.  She said the key had told her we were coming.  We tried to reason with her, get her to understand that Lascar wanted the key.  We just wanted to hide her somewhere safe but she wanted no part of it.  In the end she tried to cast some spell to kill us both and it ended up backfiring.  She blew herself to tiny bits.”
“After retrieving the key and realizing it was mine we searched her house for journals and any other notes.  We hoped it might lead us to another key, but what we found was so strange I could hardly read it.  It spoke of monsters hiding in her house coming to get her.  She used the key almost constantly in hopes that she would have the power to destroy these monsters but the more she used it the worse the writing got.  By the end it was nonsense, just a long string of words.”
“Of course, I was so full of hatred for Lascar that I followed in her footsteps.  While we looked for more keys I spent most of my time trying to get power from my key.  One night as we were camping between towns, I was sure that Lastian wanted to steal my key.  I was certain that he had helped kill Francis, even though deep down I knew Lastian was in Brizen looking for the keys while Lascar killed my son.  Still I was convinced that Lastian was evil so I attacked him.  Even with my key and my new power, I was no match for your father, thankfully.  He subdued me and kept my key from me until my mind returned.  You know, your father never even got angry with me for that.  He tied me up in a tent and tended to me like I was his child.  Brushed my hair, fed me, and held me.”  Tear’s appeared in Raylee’s eyes again.
“You know for a time I thought I was in love with him.  I knew he was my uncle and eventually I realized I didn’t love him like that, but for a few years I was convinced I was in love with him.  Most men would not refuse sex with a naked woman that showed up in their bed.  But your father did, it was like he knew how messed up I was.  My father abandoned me, my grandfather killed my mom, my son and my husband.  Of course I’d latch on to the first man who showed me any kindness, even if it was my uncle.”  Raylee smiled a remorseful smile and wiped the tears from her eyes.  “And of course that only made me love him more.”
Kriista wasn’t sure how to respond to this confession.  Her cousin wanted to have sex with her father, that was the very definition of awkward.
“Eventually, after a few more refusals and some angry words from me, I realized he loved me like a daughter.  And I started to think of him as my father.”
Kriista sat there silently, not sure what to say.
“Sorry, I know that story was strange, but I have needed to tell it to someone for a very long time,” Raylee said.
Kriista looked past Raylee and in the middle of the town she saw Gromthule.  How could he be in Brizen?  How had he gotten into the prison?  Then as if she had been hit in the head with a rock, Kriista realized how Raylee felt.  Raylee’s confession was very similar to how she felt about Gromthule.  Kriista didn’t like men, she had never been attracted to a single man ever, except for one.  Gromthule may not have been her uncle, but it felt just as strange to her to be attracted to a man.
Raylee turned around to see what Kriista was staring at and saw Gromthule walking their way.  She dropped both staves not caring about where they fell and ran to the large hairy man at full speed.
“Gromthule!” Raylee screamed and then jumped into his arms giving him a big hug.
Kriista walked slowly towards them trying to figure out her emotions.  After a few moments she realized, she was jealous.  Why was she jealous?  What started out as friendship had turned into something else.  She really was jealous.  Gromthule was hers and she didn’t want to share him.  Maybe it was similar to what Raylee had felt.  Perhaps she felt this way because Gromthule had been the only man to ever care about her.  Even her father, who claimed he cared about her had lied and pretended to be her brother.  She knew the reasons why, but it still hurt.  The only exception was Dhrel but that was her brother.
The more Kriista thought about it, the more she realized, it wasn’t sexual attraction.  She really didn’t want to have sex with Gromthule.  She just wanted to be close to him, have him holder her again, make her feel safe.  Now Kriista really understood Raylee’s story.  She wanted Gromthule to treat her like his daughter.  This wasn’t a sex thing after all, Kriista felt very relieved.

Chapter 7
After their emotional reunion Gromthule followed Raylee and Kriista back to their training ground.  While they walked Gromthule explained that he was feeling much better.  His ribs weren’t completely healed, but they were healed enough for him to help again.  He had heard some rumors that there were books written about the keys and the master key somewhere in the town of Katzack.  Even though he wasn’t much help fighting Lascar he could do some research for them.
“Would you at least stay for supper, Grom?” Raylee begged.
“Sorry, but I can’t.  I need to get to Katzack before nightfall,” Gromthule explained.
“Why?” Kriista asked.  “What’s changed?  Why are you in such a hurry?”
“Well…” Gromthule said reluctantly.  “I’ve heard disturbing things.”
“What things?” Kriista pressed.
“I think Lascar is getting ready for the final part of his plan.  I think we are running out of time,” Gromthule said.  “He is with a group of necromancers, I think he plans to come for the keys soon.”
“Any idea what this is about yet?” Raylee asked.
“No, sorry, just rumors and second hand reports,” Gromthule explained.  “Nothing I’d wager on.”
“Oh,” Kriista said dejectedly.
“But I am trying to find out,” Gromthule said trying to cheer Kriista up.  He bent down and with one of his large fingers, pushed the hair from Kriista’s eye.  “About time for a haircut I think.”
Kriista’s mood immediately turned happier.  She felt warm inside, content.  Gromthule did care about her.  He did notice her.
“If I weren’t in such a hurry I’d stay and watch you train, but I get the feeling that it’s now a matter of days until Lascar comes,” Gromthule said changing the subject.
“Well then we’d better accelerate our training,” Raylee said looking at Kriista.
“Yep,” Kriista agreed, her mood much more cheerful.
Gromthule gave Raylee a big hug then turned to Kriista.
“I was surprised it wasn’t you running at me, Kris,” Gromthule said with a smile.  Then he reached down and put one hand on either side of Kriista’s waist.  He lifted her up and gave her a long hug.
Kriista hid her face from Raylee, the smile on her face was too embarrassing.  Before Gromthule put her down, she kissed him lightly on the cheek.  “Come back soon and be safe.”
Gromthule smiled at them both and walked back toward the town of Katzack.
With Gromthule gone Raylee returned her attentions to their training.
“Well let’s see what that key taught you,” Raylee said picking up the staves that she had dropped.
“Taught me?  It didn’t teach me anything.  It just showed me father dying,” Kriista said.
“That’s what it showed you, but at the same time it was teaching you something.  It’s hard to explain, better if I show you,” Raylee said as she tossed one of the staves at Kriista.
Kriista caught the stave and held it with two hands, ready to block Raylee’s attacks.
“Before we get started, remember, only once a day, and only for a few.  Holding the key any more than that and you risk losing yourself, well part of yourself,” Raylee said as she spun the staff in one hand and walked with her back to Kriista as she moved to the middle of the field.
“I understand,” Kriista said.
“Do you?” Raylee asked.  Then she spun around so quickly that Kriista barely registered what Raylee was doing.  Raylee pulled two wooden daggers, one after another, from her belt and threw them at Kriista.  Without thinking Kriista spun the staff in both hands, hitting the daggers out of the air.
“That’s what I’m talking about,” Raylee said excited.
“Woa,” Kriista said in disbelief.  “I guess it did teach me something.”
“You are faster, maybe stronger.  Now let’s try something harder.  Defend yourself.”  Raylee took her stance, empty hand forward, staff held behind her back with the other hand.
Kriista stood a short distance away from Raylee with both hands on the staff, right leg forward and ready.  Raylee lunged, spinning the staff with one hand aiming for Kriista’s head.  Kriista successfully deflected the first hit, dodged to the right and tried to hit Raylee in the back of the knee.  Raylee jumped over the staff and flipped over Kriista’s head.  When she hit the ground Raylee swung the staff and caught Kriista on the right arm.  After the hit Raylee let Kriista rub her arm and take her stance again.
“Good, much faster.  Remember, don’t sacrifice defense to try and make a hit.  Lascar will capitalize on any mistake you make.  He only has to hit you once,” Raylee scolded.
Kriista motioned that she was ready for another try.  This time Raylee made a big show of flips and flourishing motions with the staff.  She swung at Kriista’s head again but not with full force.  When Kriista blocked this time Raylee turned around and tripped Kriista with a backward motion.  Raylee stepped back again, giving Kriista time to recover.
“Watch for sneak attacks.  I was ready for your block this time and spun for a trip.  Lascar will try to trick you.  Make you think he’s doing one thing while really planning something else,” Raylee said.
Kriista got up and dusted herself off, she should have seen that coming but Raylee was so fast that she could barely see Raylee’s swings.
“You’re thinking about it too much.  Don’t think, react,” Raylee said as she readied herself again.
“Ok,” Kriista replied.
Kriista put her hands beside her, the staff in her right hand.  She shut her eyes and tried to calm herself.  She could hear Raylee move across the dirt.  She could hear the sound of the staff swing through the air.  Kriista raised her staff, everything seemed to be happening in slow motion.  She met Raylee’s staff on the way down, then turned the staff blocking the next hit.  Raylee continued swinging, first at Kriista’s abdomen, then at her legs.  Kriista blocked each hit, one after the other.  When Raylee was pulling her staff back about to compliment Kriista, Kriista swung her staff and knocked Raylee off her feet.
“You learn fast,” Raylee said as she got to her feet laughing.  “I didn’t see that coming.”
“Thank you, shall we go again?” Kriista asked.
“Sure,” Raylee said as she charged.
Kriista again blocked every hit from Raylee.  This went on for a few minutes until Kriista saw her opening again.  Kriista cracked her staff on Raylee’s back causing Raylee to.  But Raylee did not fall, she rolled, and when she landed she threw three wooden daggers at Kriista.  This time Kriista didn’t deflect them with her staff, instead she caught all three of them with her left hand.
“Now that’s a lot better.  I think we need to step things up.  Do you think Dhrel would mind helping us out?” Raylee asked, nearly out of breath.
“I’m sure I can convince him.  Maybe he wants to practice some magic.” Kriista commented.
Kriista then placed her staff on the weapon rack and ran at half speed to go get Dhrel.  Within minutes Kriista came running back with a smile on her face.  She had convinced Dhrel to come.
Soon after, Dhrel walked up to the training field.  He didn’t look too excited about training, not nearly as excited as Kriista.
“Ok, what do you need me to do?” Dhrel asked begrudgingly.
“I need you to blast me,” Kriista said far too cheerfully for Dhrel.
“Hit you with magic?  Seriously?  What if I hurt you?” Dhrel asked, not really sure he wanted to risk hurting his sister.
“If you hurt me, I’m doing it wrong.  What’s the worst that can happen?  Not like you can kill me,” Kriista said with a teasing smile.
“Well I guess you have a point.  I just don’t want to hurt you,” Dhrel said again.
“Look at it this way, you need practice.  We want to hurt Lascar or he’s gonna kill us.  And if I can’t deal with magic I’m useless to you.  We both need this,” Kriista said putting her joking aside.
“I suppose you have a point.  Better to find out now,” Dhrel walked towards the middle of the field followed by Kriista who had retrieved her staff from the weapon rack.  “Well let’s do this,” Dhrel said.
As Dhrel turned around to face Kriista, she noticed that Dhrel had their father’s journal in a pouch tied to his belt.
“Do you take that with you everywhere?” Kriista asked.
“Actually, yes.  I feel more powerful when I have it near me.  It’s really strange but I think it is giving me strength,” Dhrel explained.
“Ok then, let’s do this,” Kriista reiterated.
Dhrel concentrated for a moment, gaining strength.  Kriista impatiently spun her staff in her right hand while side-stepping to the left.  She readied herself, this might hurt.
Dhrel held out his hands toward Kriista and released a small beam of energy.  Kriista easily dodged the blast, rolling to her right and used the staff to regain her footing.
“Don’t hold back, you can do better than that,” Kriista goaded.
“Alright,” Dhrel said as he readied another attack.
Dhrel held out his right hand and a beam shot toward Kriista.  With his left hand he threw a ball of energy and caught Kriista’s foot as she tried to roll away from his beam.
“Better,” Kriista complimented.  The pain wasn’t terrible, it felt like she had dropped a rock on her foot.  She took a few steps and shook her foot to get the feeling back in it.  “Again, faster,” Kriista ordered.
Dhrel shot a fast beam with his left hand, then a ball of energy with his right.  Kriista dodged both, then Dhrel put both hands together and shot a focused beam right where Kriista had landed.  Kriista had no time to dodge, she shut her eyes and held the staff in front of her with both hands to brace for the impact.  The beam collided with the staff and Kriista slid about two feet backward in the loose dirt, but the beam didn’t hit her, the staff blocked it.
When Kriista opened her eyes, Dhrel noticed her eyes were glowing purple.  He was impressed, his sister was learning.  She might just be strong enough to stand up to Lascar with him.
“Good job,” Dhrel praised.
“Again, faster, this time don’t hold back.  Try to hit me, I can take it,” Kriista replied.  She didn’t want compliments, she wanted a challenge.  She needed to be ready for Lascar.
“Ok, Kris,” Dhrel said with a devious smile.  “Lee, can you move to the left?  I don’t want to accidentally hit you.  Wait, never mind.  Kris, can you move to the back of the field?  With only the forest behind you?  Then I don’t have to worry about hitting anyone.”
“Good call,” Kriista agreed.  Kriista walked to the back of the field, still limping.  The numbness in her foot was fading and the pins and needles were starting.
Kriista stood ready at the back of the field and smiled as she looked at Dhrel’s face.  His eyes were glowing bright blue and she could tell that he wouldn’t be pulling his punches any more.  This time she needed to be perfect or it was going to hurt a lot.
“That’s it little brother, fight like you mean it.  Lascar won’t hold back and neither should you,” Kriista said hoping to inspire more out of Dhrel.  “This time I’m going to hit you if I get the chance.”
Kriista spun her staff in anticipation.  Dhrel pushed his hands downward as if he was pushing away any thoughts that might distract him.  Dhrel let loose a flurry of blasts, Kriista deflected the first, spun around backward and hit the next like a baseball causing the blast to skitter sideways.  She was trying to deflect Dhrel’s magic and hit him with it but she just couldn’t get it right.  The next few attacks she dodged or deflected with her staff, then Dhrel changed it up.  Dhrel threw two energy balls, traveling very slowly toward her.  While Kriista was concentrating on the energy balls, he shot a beam with both hands.  Kriista noticed the beam just in time but couldn’t get completely out of the way, it hit her in the left shoulder.  She felt pain, then numbness, like her foot.
Kriista took a step back from the pain, then caught one of the energy balls with her staff.  This time her aim was better, it bounced off the ground and caught Dhrel on the left shin.  Dhrel nearly fell forward from the impact of the ball of energy, but caught himself.  He looked up and saw Kriista running across the field at him.  He held up his hand and shot a beam directly at Kriista’s chest.  Kriista slid down on her knees under it and brought her staff upward, catching Dhrel in the chin.  Dhrel flew into the air and landed on his back.  The force of the blow would have killed a normal person but Dhrel shook it off and got back to his feet.
“Ok, I take back what I said at breakfast.  I need practice,” Dhrel said rubbing his chin and holding his hand out to help Kriista up.  “How’s your shoulder?”
“Oh it hurts and it’s numb at the same time,” Kriista laughed.  Now this was training.  She couldn’t remember ever having a fight this close that wasn’t Lascar.
“Now that was a fight!” Raylee exclaimed as she walked out to the field.  “If you two aren’t too tired, I’d like to try it.”
“Why not?” Dhrel said in a much better mood than when he first came to the field.  He had assumed Kriista and Raylee were wasting their time.  He couldn’t see how physical fighting could compare to magic until just now.  Normal people couldn’t possibly stand up to a mage, but Kriista and Raylee weren’t normal people.  At that moment he realized, being abnormal was a good thing, only they could stop Lascar.
The three of them spent the next few hours practicing, each taking turns fighting Dhrel, sometimes both at once.  Finally Kriista took on Raylee and Dhrel together, she convinced them that she needed to train like that in case Zorlen and Lascar somehow got her alone.  In the end Kriista beat them both but she took many painful hits from each.  When it started getting dark they reluctantly took a break to recuperate and eat some supper.  The three of them had gotten closer, more trusting of each other.  In fact, they almost seemed like they had known Raylee for years, joking with and teasing each other like childhood friends.  While they ate, the conversation turned to more serious topics, as fun as sparing was, Lascar was coming.
“So, is there anything else you can tell us about Lascar?” Dhrel asked as he reached for a leg of the large cooked bird that was their supper.  He wasn’t quite sure what it was, he had never seen such a large bird before, but it smelled like chicken and he was very hungry.
“I’m not sure exactly what you know,” Raylee said.
Dhrel got the distinct impression that Raylee was avoiding the question.  Maybe she was hiding something after all.
“Well we know he wants these keys,” Dhrel said as he held the large bird leg up and pointed at Kriista’s belt.  “But have you ever heard anything about what they are for?”
This time Raylee was less evasive.  “No, actually, they give power, they train your mind for magic and physical abilities.  Maybe he just wants to combine them all so he has more power?”  Raylee stood half way up and reached across the table to get some vegetables.
“That might be it,” Kriista pondered as she ate her helping of the large bird.
“It’s got to be more than just power,” Dhrel said and then took a drink.  “I mean, if it was just for the power, he wouldn’t lead us all over the world would he?  And how will he touch them once I’ve combined them with the master key?  He has to know more than we do about it.”
“Oh, I’m sure he knows a lot more,” Raylee agreed.
“There’s nothing else we need to know?  Something maybe we haven’t heard yet?” Dhrel asked trying to see if Raylee would be evasive again.
“Um, not that I can think of.  I think you know about as much as I do now,” Raylee said.
Dhrel could feel the apprehension coming from Raylee.  She was hiding something.
Dhrel spoke silently into Kriista’s head.  “She’s hiding something.  She gets evasive every time I ask what else she can tell us.”
Kriista replied silently to Dhrel.  “I’m sure if it was important for us to know, she would tell us.”
Dhrel, however, wasn’t satisfied with this answer.  He needed to force the issue.
“So you are sure there’s nothing else?” Dhrel asked more forcefully this time.
“Oh, I get it, you are like your dad aren’t you?” Raylee said with a smile.  “You can tell I’m holding something back, is that it?”  Raylee still wasn’t upset.
The reaction confused Dhrel.  Most people that are caught in a lie become defensive or angry but Raylee seemed happy that Dhrel had caught her.
Kriista was more tactful.  “Is it something we need to know?”
“Actually, here’s the thing.”  Raylee leaned back in her chair with her glass and took a drink.  She wasn’t nervous or upset that she had been caught withholding information.  “Your father made me promise not to tell anyone.  He did something, many years ago.  You see he had his own plan.”
“Like Lascar’s plan?” Kriista asked concerned.
“No, actually it was a plan to stop Lascar.  And I’ve told you what parts I could.  The last part, I’m sorry, but I can’t tell you.  I promised your father I’d tell no one, ever, not one person.  And I’m not about to break that promise.”  Raylee looked right at Kriista and Kriista understood why.
“Ok, you’ll tell us when it’s time,” Kriista said casually and went back to eating.
“What!” Dhrel exclaimed.  “She’s hiding something from us and you’re ok with that?”
“Yes, father had his reasons,” Kriista replied.  She didn’t need to trust Raylee.  There was no doubt in her mind that her father had his reasons and that was good enough.
“So, father told you that you couldn’t tell anyone, ever?” Dhrel asked trying to figure out why Kriista was ok with this.
“When it’s time and there is no reason to keep the secret anymore, I will tell you.  Believe me, it’s a good thing your father has planned, and the reason it has to remain a secret is good too,” Raylee said and then went back to eating.
“Well then I guess I’ll have to wait and see, but I’m not happy about it,” Dhrel sulked.
“One more thing,” Raylee said looking at Dhrel.  “Your father did it to hurt Lascar’s plan, and coincidently, it will help you.”
“But it has to be a secret from us to work?” Dhrel asked shaking his head.
“You were the kind of kid that always tried to figure out where your birthday presents were hidden, weren’t you?” Raylee laughed.
“I bet you were,” Kriista teased.
“Well, to be honest, yes.  I hate surprises, always have,” Dhrel scowled.
“And I bet you were the kid that didn’t try to find them, but pretended you loved everything you got, no matter what it was?” Raylee said looking at Kriista.
“Yep,” Kriista said.  She was not embarrassed about it, she was happier when other people were happy.
“And you?” Dhrel asked, looking at Raylee.
“Well, I guess I was the kid that looked at everyone else’s presents, then teased them that I knew what they were getting,” Raylee said with a laugh.
“I can see that,” Dhrel said feigning indignation.
“I’m still not going to tell you,” Raylee said quietly to Dhrel.
Kriista and Raylee both laughed loudly while Dhrel continued to pretend he was upset.  In truth, Dhrel was quite pleased with Raylee’s explanation.  She wasn’t hiding something from them, well not maliciously anyway.  She was keeping a promise to Lastian and that was a good reason.
After supper the three of them went to their beds.  They had made plans to train more in the morning so they would need their rest.  For the most part their injuries would heal by morning, just in time to get more.

Chapter 8
In the morning Dhrel, Kriista and Raylee sat down for a big breakfast similar to the previous morning.  Raylee sat through most of breakfast deep in thought, occasionally answering Dhrel and Kriista’s questions but mostly silent.  After their meal the three of them headed out to the training ground again.  Along the way Raylee broke her silence.
“I think we’re almost ready,” Raylee said quietly.
“Already?” Dhrel asked in disbelief.
“You two didn’t need much help and we can train along the way.  It’s quite a ways,” Raylee responded.
“Where are we headed?” Kriista chimed in.
“The way I see it, Lascar is coming for us anyway.  At least that is what Grom said,” Raylee answered.  “We need to get to the relic first and see if we can learn anything else.”
“But we don’t have the master key yet,” Kriista objected.
“Lascar doesn’t know that,” the prisoner queen answered.  “Besides, no one knows where it is, your father and I searched for centuries and never even found anyone who had ever seen it.  For all I know, Lascar has it already.”
“Oh, I see, we get Lascar to follow us,” Kriista interjected.
“Exactly!  We need more information and the only place that might have it is the relic.  Besides, I’m tired of hiding!” Raylee exclaimed.  The anger was apparent in her voice, she was fed up with Lascar’s games.
“Are you sure we’re ready to fight Lascar?” Dhrel asked, still skeptical of Raylee’s plan.
“If we’re not ready, then we probably never will be.  We can keep practicing and maybe get slightly better, but there is no reason we can’t head out tomorrow.  Like I said, we can practice on the way, it’s a good month or two away by foot,” the prisoner queen explained.
“It’s that far?” Kriista asked.
“Yes, the relic is on top of a mountain very far to the north.  Nearly to the ocean on the northern tip of Brizen.”  Raylee stopped speaking for a moment as they reached the training field.  She reached down and took a staff from the rack.  She looked at it a moment, deep in thought, then threw it at Kriista.
Kriista reached out with one hand and caught the staff without thinking.  Raylee smiled at Kriista, pleased with her progress, then grabbed another staff for herself.
“You sure you don’t want to try some fighting today Dhrel?” Raylee asked.
“I think I’ll stick with magic, never was very good at fighting,” the young king responded.  As he spoke his eyes lit up and a blue aura surrounded his hands.  “I think I’m getting pretty good at it.”
“True,” Raylee agreed and spun her staff in one hand then rested it on her shoulders.
It had rained the night before so the ground was muddy and slick.  Raylee was pleased it had rained.  Not only did their crops need the water but the wet slippery ground would add some difficulty to their training.
“Today let’s change it up,” Raylee said with an evil grin on her face.
“What is it you wanna…,” Kriista started to ask.  Before she finished her question Raylee leapt at her, swinging her staff downward at Kriista’s head.  Kriista barely dodged out of the way in time as Raylee’s staff hit the ground, throwing mud in the air.
“Dhrel!” Raylee yelled and Dhrel knew immediately what she wanted.
Dhrel shot an energy beam at Kriista’s feet causing her to jump to the side.  Raylee spun around swinging her staff widely trying to hit Kriista as she evaded Dhrel’s beam.  Kriista realized what they two of them were up to in an instant and dove to the ground, head first, sliding under Raylee’s swing.  Kriista slid across the muddy ground with ease.  When she was clear of the swing, Kriista sprang to her feet and caught Raylee behind the knees with her staff.
Raylee nearly lost her footing, almost falling backwards from the momentum of Kriista’s staff but at the last second caught herself.  Raylee quickly cartwheeled backward, kicking mud into Kriista’s face.
Kriista wiped the mud out of her eyes and exclaimed.  “That’s cheating!”
“You think Lascar won’t cheat?” Raylee responded.
“Good point,” the draelic queen relented.
Dhrel saw his chance and quickly threw a ball of energy followed by two beams directly at Kriista’s back.
Kriista saw the look on Raylee’s face and realized what Dhrel was doing just in time.  The draelic queen quickly spun around and hit the ball of energy with her staff, dissipating it, but one of the beams caught her on the leg.  Kriista was spun around by the energy and landed on her butt in the mud.
“Much better Dhrel,” Raylee cheered.
Kriista wasn’t about to let that be the end.  With a determined look on her face she stuck one end of her staff on the ground and used it to propel herself over to Dhrel.  She swung hard at his left arm but much to her surprise Dhrel didn’t try to dodge.  Instead Dhrel stuck out his right hand and caught the staff.  The sound was like a wet towel hitting exposed skin but Dhrel didn’t even flinch.  Dhrel ducked under the staff, spinning his grip to keep hold, then he pressed his left palm against Kriista’s side.  The energy Dhrel released threw Kriista about ten feet away.
Kriista was dazed, not so much from the pain, but from what Dhrel had just done.
“Now that’s what I’m talking about, little brother!” Kriista exclaimed proudly.
“That was something else!” Raylee yelled in disbelief.
“I…I’m not sure what just happened,” Dhrel said looking confused.
“I’ll tell you what happened,” Raylee said grinning.  “You can’t fight, pfft.  You can fight when you quit trying so hard.”
“I just reacted,” the young king responded.
“Exactly,” Kriista said joining Raylee.  “Fighting isn’t like dancing, you don’t execute the same moves over and over.  You act, you react, then you wing it.”  Kriista laughed followed by Raylee.
“Yeah, it’s more about feeling than precision.  Doing the same thing over and over will get you killed,” Raylee agreed.
“And I’ll tell you, that was a very unexpected reaction,” Kriista said still laughing.  “I didn’t know you had it in you, but...”  Kriista thought for a second.  “That is how you win, you do the unexpected.”
Dhrel pondered their words for a moment.  Maybe he was selling himself short.  Maybe he didn’t really understand fighting as much as he thought he did.  He was quite impressed with the move he had just done.  It seemed like something his father might have done.  That is, according to all the stories Dhrel had heard.  Yes, he thought to himself, Lastian would have done something like that.
They continued their sparring for a few more hours.  Dhrel didn’t pull off any more spectacular moves but it wasn’t for lack of trying, Kriista was just ready for most of them.  By the end Dhrel was getting a lot better.  He was by no means in the same league as Raylee and not even close to Kriista, but he was improving.  He was learning to use magic and fighting together but it would take more than one sparring session to do it very well.
When the three of them were thoroughly winded and covered in mud they decided it would be a good idea to clean up before lunch.  Kriista let Raylee and Dhrel know that she wanted to meditate with her key before cleaning up for lunch.  Raylee again warned her about touching the key too much but Kriista assured her cousin that she was only meditating with it once a day and only for short periods.
After Raylee was satisfied and left to take her bath Kriista sat down on one of the benches in the training yard.
Kriista looked down at herself as she pulled the key off of her belt.  She was completely covered from head to toe with mud.  Mud that was now hardening as the sun came out.  All in all Kriista was quite pleased with the day’s training.  Not only had Dhrel learned a lot, Kriista had learned more as well.  She often felt that losing, then overcoming the loss was the best type of training.  After all, how much can you really learn if you always win?
When she was done going over the training session in her head she turned her concentration back to the key, now in her hands.
She closed her eyes and concentrated on the feelings coming from the key and she began to see another vision.  It was the mysterious cloaked man again but different this time.  She got the impression that this was happening before Lastian died, way before.
The mysterious man walked slowly along a crudely cobbled path.  The path appeared to have been carved out of a mountain.  The walls of the path were made completely out of stone and shot straight up into the air.  She recognized this path.  It was the almost unknown trail leading to the back side of Stone’s Rest.  Not many people knew about this path and the ones who did told no one.
Kriista was frustrated, no matter how hard she tried, she could not see the man’s face.  Suddenly another man appeared at the other end of the path, walking toward the mysterious man.  It soon became apparent that this second man was Lascar.  So the mysterious man was working for Lascar, or with him perhaps.  As the vision went on Kriista started to sense that this was a long time before Lastian’s death, maybe centuries before.
The mysterious man held out an object wrapped in brown cloth toward Lascar.  Lascar cautiously took the object and unwrapped it, looking at it but being very careful not to touch it.  The object looked similar to a dagger, although, instead of a blade it had two spikes coming out of it about two or three inches apart.  The object almost looked like a large fancy fork with only the two outermost tines left.  Then Kriista realized or rather the key made her realize, this was the master key.  At one time Lascar had possessed the master key.
The mysterious man then turned around without saying a word and walked back the way he had come.  Kriista noticed something as the man walked away.  His gate, the way he held himself, it all seemed very familiar.  Almost like she knew this man, but who was he?  The frustration caused the vision to fade and Kriista just sat there trying to figure out how she knew this man and who he could be.  The mysterious man who helped Lascar kill her father, she needed to figure out who he was, make him pay.  She would not stop until she saw this man dead.
It was then that Kriista realized, she had held the key too long.  The anger was starting to take hold.  Quickly she put the key back on her belt, got up, and walked back toward the camp.
Along the way Kriista decided that she needed to be more careful with the key.  It was like a drug, the more she used it the more she liked it.  And the more she liked it the harder it was to put down.  In that moment she understood why The Governess had become so cruel.  The key had poisoned her mind, made her hate everyone.  Kriista decided to avoid using the key for a few days, she didn’t like the fact that hatred was becoming enjoyable.
Chapter 9
When Kriista returned to the camp Dhrel and Raylee had already bathed and were sitting down for lunch.  Raylee was in the middle of instructing Dhrel, using some of Lastian’s moves as examples, when she noticed Kriista walking up.
“So, do you feel better?” Raylee asked kindly.
“Actually no,” Kriista paused to make sure Dhrel was also paying attention.  “Lascar had the master key once.  I’m not sure when but it was a long time ago, centuries I think.”
“Interesting,” Raylee said lost in thought.
“I wonder if he still has it.” Dhrel added.
“I’m liking Raylee’s idea more now.  If he does have it, baiting him into a confrontation is our only way to get it,” Kriista said.
“We just have to make sure we win,” Dhrel agreed.
“That is the idea,” Kriista nodded.  “Well I think I’m going to take a bath, then we can discuss this more.”  With that Kriista turned and headed off.
“Your sister worries me,” Raylee said after Kriista was out of sight.
“Why is that?” Dhrel asked, becoming defensive.
“I think she might be using the key too often.  While these visions are helpful, I don’t want her to become addicted to that thing,” Raylee said.
Dhrel saw Raylee’s point but at the same time he was overly defensive of his sister and felt he had to defend her.  “I’m sure Kriista knows what she is doing but I’ll keep an eye on her,” Dhrel reassured his cousin.
As Raylee was getting ready to lecture Dhrel about how dangerous the keys were, one of the prisoners came running up to her out of breath.
“Queen Raylee!” the man exclaimed, clearly panicked.
“I told you a hundred times, just Raylee is fine Salburt,” Raylee replied, unconcerned with the man’s panic.
“Yes...yes…Raylee,” Salburt corrected himself.
“Now what is it?” Raylee asked calmly.
“There’s a man…”  Salburt stopped to catch his breath.
“Yes, there’s a man, please continue” the prisoner queen prodded, trying to hurry the man along.
“A man with a sword!” Salburt yelled when he finally caught his breath.
“Wait, what does he look like?” Dhrel interjected.
Salburt looked at Raylee as if he was asking permission to answer.
“It’s ok Salburt, this is my cousin,” Raylee reassured the man.
“Yes, yes, my apologies,” Salburt nearly bowed as he answered.  “He has long black hair, a large sword and umm he looks kinda like Sarthol.  But younger, much younger.”
Dhrel got the impression that this particular prisoner was different than the others.  He didn’t speak like a thief, murderer or general thug.  In fact, he spoke as if he had spent time with the rich upper class, a servant maybe, butler perhaps.
 “What is he doing?” Raylee asked as she quickly rose, tipping her chair over backward.
“He is standing at the edge of the camp, by the training grounds.  He is asking if anyone has seen a white haired man and a draelic woman,” the man responded.
“Zorlen,” Dhrel said with disgust.
 “Maybe he just wants to talk?” Raylee said looking down at Dhrel.
“I doubt it,” the young king responded.
“Well let’s go see what my brother wants then,” Raylee said with a smile on her face.  The smile was for Salburt’s benefit, she was neither happy to meet Zorlen, nor was she deluding herself.  If what Kriista said was true then Zorlen was here to get her key.
As they walked Raylee felt she had to explain Salburt to Dhrel.
“Sal is a different kind of prisoner if you haven’t guessed already,” Raylee started.  “He was a cart driver for one of the noble families in Gojeth.  One of the family’s daughters got herself pregnant and to avoid having the real father thrown in jail she accused Sal of raping her.  Sal of course pleaded not guilty but the word of a noble daughter carries more weight than that of a cart driver.  So you see I take special care of Sal, he’s actually my second in command.  He lets me know what’s going on in the camp and in return everyone knows not to mess with Sal.  To be fair I think he runs the camp more than I do most days.”
“So you believe his story, that he was wrongly accused?  I mean most prisoners probably say the same thing,” Dhrel said pessimistically.
“You’ve met Salburt, you tell me,” Raylee smirked.
“You have a point,” Dhrel said as they neared the training grounds.  It was doubtful this frail, skittish man had raped a noble girl.
In the distance, nearly the other side of the training grounds on the very edge of the camp Zorlen stood leaning up against a tree.  He was just barely outside of what would be considered the town if this were a real town.  He saw them as they approached and stood up straight, crossing his arms across his chest.
Zorlen had changed since Dhrel last saw him.  While it was true he had put on some weight from all the training he had done with Lascar, it wasn’t just that.  His face seemed crueler.  It actually seemed as though there was a dark aura around him making him seem more evil.  His eyes were the biggest difference, they had turned grey, only adding to his menacing look.
“You must be my sister,” Zorlen said in a disdainful tone as they drew closer.
“And you must be my brother,” Raylee responded in the same tone.
“Well, you’re in luck.  Today Lord Lascar has given you a reprieve.  One time only.  You can join us and hand over any keys you have or you can stick with the traitors and share their fate,” Zorlen commanded.
“Traitors to whom?” Raylee asked defiantly.
“Lord Lascar, the true king of Lascaria,” Zorlen announced.
“King of fools maybe,” Raylee said trying to provoke Zorlen.
Zorlen scowled, his anger showing.  He drew his sword from his back and then his face returned to its condescending look.
“Be careful, she is a lot meaner than she looks,” the voice whispered to Zorlen.
“Shut up!” Zorlen thought to the whisper.
“I gave you a chance, grandfather said one chance, that’s all you get,” Zorlen said as he walked forward with his sword.
Raylee reacted, quickly running to the training ground to grab one of the staves.
“A stick?  You are going to use a stick?” Zorlen laughed.
“I’m not going to help you fight them, you’re on your own for this one,” the whisper said defiantly.
“Shut up!” Zorlen thought to the whisper again, more forcefully.
Dhrel who had been completely silent finally spoke.  He was getting the same confusing emotions from Zorlen.  It was almost as if there were two people standing in front of him, each with their own emotions.
“Perhaps you want a rematch?” Dhrel said with far too much confidence.
“Why not?  I’m not allowed to kill you but, short of that I can do whatever I want,” Zorlen responded.
Dhrel’s hands charged with magical power and his eyes turned bright blue.  He shot a beam at Zorlen’s chest and Zorlen deflected it with his sword.
“You will have to try harder than that, boy,” Zorlen taunted.
Dhrel ran toward Zorlen, his hands glowing with power.  He was going to attempt to do the same trick he had used on Kriista.
When Dhrel reached Zorlen he tried to hit him in the side with his palm but the assassin saw this coming and side stepped.  When Dhrel flew by him, Zorlen stuck out his foot and tripped the young king.
“You are not nearly as clever as you think you are,” the assassin laughed.  “I’ve been watching your training.  You get lucky once in a while, but you’re really not that good.”
While he was belittling Dhrel, Raylee saw her chance to strike.  She swung widely at Zorlen’s head but he heard the sound of the staff and ducked.  Zorlen turned around and reached for Raylee’s staff.  Raylee dropped to the ground kicking Zorlen’s legs out from under him.  Raylee got to her feet and tried to slam the staff into Zorlen’s chest but the assassin rolled nimbly and got back to his feet.
“Two on one, I see how this is going to go,” Zorlen smiled.
“You’re just lucky Kriista isn’t with them, you can’t beat her,” the voice whispered.
“I’m not listening to you,” Zorlen thought to the voice.
“Yeah, you’re gonna lose!” Raylee shouted.
“Not to you two.”  Zorlen arced his sword feigning a swing at Raylee’s midsection.  When Raylee blocked the sword with her staff, Zorlen spun the opposite direction and with the side of the sword blade he knocked Raylee off of her feet.
Raylee fell hard, slamming her head into the ground which had dried since their training that morning.  The blow didn’t knock her out but she was dazed from the impact.
Dhrel got to his feet and tried again to hit Zorlen with magic.  He threw a beam at the assassin’s chest, then one at his head.  Zorlen dodged the beams easily and made his way toward Dhrel.  When he was only a few feet in front of the young king, Zorlen swung his sword slowly at Dhrel’s chest.  Dhrel saw the swing and ducked under it, which was exactly what Zorlen wanted.  When his swing was done and Dhrel was on his knees the assassin tilted the sword and hit Dhrel directly in the middle of his forehead with the hilt of the sword.  The hilt immediately left a dent in the young king’s head and Dhrel fell backward unconscious.
“I’m still not allowed to kill him,” Zorlen said turning back to Raylee.  “You are another matter.”
“I’ll stop you,” the whisper said.
“How?  You have no control over me.  You are just an annoyance in my head,” Zorlen thought to the whisper.
Raylee was still dazed from her fall but had managed to get to her feet again.  Zorlen brought his sword down hard, aiming for Raylee’s head.  Raylee held her staff out with both hands and blocked the sword.
“I’ll give you this, at least you’re better than he is,” Zorlen laughed as he quickly thrust his sword forward, stabbing Raylee through her left leg.
Pain shot through Raylee’s leg and she dropped the staff.  Zorlen retracted the sword from her leg and sheathed it over his back.  He then bent over and picked up her staff, carefully inspecting it.
“So what is this thing made of that it can block a sword?” Zorlen asked.
“I’m going to kill you!” Raylee exclaimed through gritted teeth as she held her leg, trying to stop the blood gushing from it.
“No, I think I am going to kill you,” the assassin spat at her.  “Now before I do, tell me what this is made of?  Is it magical?”
Before Raylee could utter another threat a staff came flying through the air like a javelin, hitting Zorlen right in the chest.  The staff was blunted and wrapped in cloth on the ends so it didn’t puncture his chest but the sound of breaking ribs was unmistakable.
“Now, you’ve done it.  You waited too long.  Kriista is going to kill you,” the whisper said arrogantly.
“Shut up, I can take her this time,” Zorlen spat back at the whisper, this time he spoke out loud and Raylee looked at him strangely.
Zorlen’s confidence left immediately as he looked up and saw Kriista running toward Raylee.  He had to think quickly or this would be over soon.  He forced himself to stand up and grabbed Raylee, spinning her around and using her for a shield.  The assassin then unsheathed his sword and put it across Raylee’s neck.
“One more step and we’ll find out how quickly our family can recover from a severed head,” Zorlen spat at his cousin.
“I won’t let you kill your sister,” the whisper said.
“You can’t stop me,” Zorlen responded, this time silently.  But Zorlen wasn’t quite as sure as he pretended.  He could feel something tugging his arm, it was almost as if his muscles were betraying him.
Kriista stopped no more than ten feet from Zorlen and Raylee.  She wasn’t quite sure if they could recover from a severed head but figured it best not to find out.
“What is it you want?” Kriista demanded.
“The keys, of course,” the assassin replied.  “Or I’ll kill her, if removing her head doesn’t work, I’ll just remove her heart.”  The hand not holding the sword now pulsed with black energy.  
The energy coming from Zorlen’s hand was causing Raylee pain and Kriista could see it.  There was no way this was going to end well.  Zorlen had grown stronger since the last time they met.  Kriista needed to outthink Zorlen.
“So, if I give you my key, you’ll just leave?” Kriista asked.
“Yes, and Raylee’s key also,” Zorlen responded.
“Why is it I don’t believe you?” the draelic queen asked rhetorically.  “I think you will kill her anyway, maybe even TRY to kill me.”  Kriista emphasized the word try in an attempt to provoke a response from Zorlen.
“Try?”  Zorlen had taken the bait.  “I’ll do more than try.  I am strong enough to destroy you now, and grandfather said nothing about you needing to live this time.”  While Zorlen spoke the black energy coming from his hand dissipated.  He apparently had to concentrate to keep it going, so Kriista continued to antagonize him.
“If you fight her, she will win,” the voice whispered to Zorlen.  Zorlen tried to ignore the voice in his head.
“You really think you can do better this time?” Kriista smirked.  “If I remember correctly, you haven’t even managed to give me a scratch, let alone beat me.”  Kriista strutted around as she spoke.
“I’m much stronger now, shall we find out?” Zorlen asked, trying to contain his anger.
“Let’s…you can use your sword and I won’t even use a weapon.  That should even things up don’t you think?” Kriista smiled condescendingly.
“She knows she can beat you,” the voice whispered.
Zorlen couldn’t take it anymore.  To keep Raylee from helping, Zorlen pushed his sister forward and thrust his sword through her back.  He aimed for her heart but again his muscles betrayed him and he missed.  It would be just enough to keep her from helping Kriista, but she wouldn’t die.  Zorlen then threw Raylee’s limp body across the field toward the training ground where she collided with one of the dummies and fell to the ground.
“Now it is just you and me,” Kriista said trying to cover up the fact that she was worried about Raylee.  But she had to concentrate on Zorlen or Raylee was as good as dead.
“I’ve been waiting for a challenge,” Zorlen said as he motioned toward Dhrel and Raylee.
“So have I,” Kriista said sidestepping, trying to anticipate Zorlen’s attack.
Zorlen swung the sword at Kriista’s legs and the draelic queen easily jumped over the sword.  This was what Zorlen wanted and he immediately followed up with his hilt, trying to hit Kriista in the chest but she was quicker than he was.  She ducked into a roll and then got to her feet behind Zorlen.  Before the assassin could turn around she hit him with full force in both kidneys.  The assassin stumbled forward catching himself with his sword and Kriista backed off.
“Maybe I need to keep looking,” Kriista smiled and crossed her arms again.
“Lucky shot,” Zorlen panted.
“Only losers say ‘lucky shot’.  Winners don’t need to make excuses,” Kriista said pouring salt into the wound.
“It’s not an excuse!” Zorlen yelled as he rushed forward trying to impale Kriista.
“It is an excuse, you are going to lose,” the voice mocked.
The draelic queen easily evaded the charge and tripped Zorlen as she evaded his attack.  As the assassin hit the ground again Kriista noticed that he had two keys attached with a rope to his belt.  Where had he gotten them?  She needed to find a way to remove them without him noticing.
“Quit fighting like a first year student and fight me for real,” Kriista incited.  “You are just playing around right?  You can’t seriously think you are going to beat me fighting like that?”
Zorlen got to his feet once more and this time he was furious.  It was one thing to be beaten but Kriista was having way too much fun doing it.  He needed to shut her up.  He could feel the voice fighting against him, it was restricting his movements.
Zorlen swung his blade widely at her abdomen expecting her to either jump backward or duck under it.  When Kriista jumped backward to avoid the blow he saw his chance.  At the end of the swing he spun around and thrust the sword forward towards Kriista’s chest.  Before the blade reached Kriista she placed both hands on the flat part of the blade and flipped it to the side attempting to pry the blade from Zorlen’s hands.  Much to Kriista’s surprise the assassin didn’t release the blade, instead the sword snapped right were Kriista’s hands were, leaving Zorlen with only half a sword.
Kriista thought quickly.  While Zorlen was surprised by what had just happened Kriista fell to one knee and stabbed the blade of the sword she had just broken off into Zorlen’s thigh.  Zorlen grabbed for the blade but couldn’t get a good grip and it sliced through his hands while he was trying to remove it.  The assassin fell to the ground in pain, both from his leg and his hands which were now bleeding as well.  He needed to get out of there before Kriista finished him off.
Kriista stared down at the floundering man with hatred.  This man would never leave them alone.  Kriista felt a strange power inside her chest, it felt both warm and cold at the same time.
Zorlen stood and faced Kriista on one leg, holding his hands together trying to stop the bleeding.  If Kriista was going to kill him, he was going to try to defend himself.
“I won’t give up that easily,” Zorlen said forcing his hands into fists.  The blood dripped down them as he clenched his fists tight.
Kriista felt the energy making its way up her body into her arms and then to her hands.  She wasn’t quite sure what to do so she held out her hands toward Zorlen and concentrated on her hatred for her cousin.  Purple energy exploded from Kriista’s hand striking Zorlen in the chest, throwing him back a hundred feet.  Finally Zorlen collided with a tree or he may have just kept going.  The force of the energy exploded the tree trunk and the sound could be heard for miles.
“Run!” the voice yelled.  Zorlen could feel the whisper gloating as he struggled to get to his feet.  Kriista may have beaten him again but this time she had help.  The whisper was on her side.
Kriista just stood there in disbelief over what she had just done.  Not even seeing Zorlen crawl off in to the woods was enough to make her react.  She did have magic and it was difficult to use, just like Sol had said.  This would take a considerable amount of practice.  Kriista had no control over the energy released from her hands, it all just came pouring out.  If that had been a normal person she would have disintegrated them.  This new power was both amazing and frightening at the same time.
Kriista stared at her hands for trying to come to grips with what had just happened when she remembered Dhrel and Raylee.  The draelic queen smiled as she reached down where Zorlen had fallen and picked up the two keys before grabbing Dhrel and Raylee to carry them back.  Apparently stabbing Zorlen in the leg was a good distraction.  He probably wouldn’t realize for a while that Kriista had stabbed through the rope as well, releasing the keys.
As Kriista carried her brother and her cousin back to the camp, one over each shoulder, the prisoners all looked on in shock.  Some of them had seen the explosion of energy and most of them had heard it.  They were unsure if they should be glad Kriista was protecting them or afraid of what she might do to them.

Chapter 10
Lascar walked in to the small secluded town in his usual arrogant manner.  He walked through the mud and horse dung without even looking down.  Although he was raised as a prince and now considered himself king of the world, he was not afraid to get dirty.  His father, Lucian, had made sure of that.  Despite his father’s cruelty, Lascar had beaten his father in the end.  This thought amused the evil king as he strolled through the small town, hands clasped behind his back.  The evil smile on his face frightened everyone he came across.  Everyone, even the people of this small town, knew of the evil king Lascar.
Lascar continued to wind his way through the narrow streets, amused at the fear he inspired.  This town, Xalla, wasn’t exactly what Lascar considered a town.  Truthfully, it was large enough to be a town, but he thought it was more a collection of people’s houses than a real town.  There was no market square, only two taverns and the occasional family owned store.  If it weren’t for the size of Xalla, Lascar would have considered this a village.  But Xalla sprawled out across the countryside, each house having a sizable yard.  This fact added to the size of the town but not the population, towns in Lascaria had more people in a much smaller space.
Finally, Lascar reached the side street he was looking for and turned.  The street was even smaller than the one he had just left.  There was barely enough room to stretch his arms out in the corridor between the buildings on either side.  This small alley leading to the front of a shop reminded him of Lascaria.  Just as he was pondering the fact that the person he was meeting worked down the one street that looked like a Lascarian alley he became aware that he was being watched.
“I can sense you Zorlen, no use hiding,” the evil king said loudly.
Zorlen leapt from the top of one of the houses on the left side of the alley.  He fell nearly twenty feet and landed gracefully.
“I had to try, grandfather,” Zorlen explained.
“You are getting better, I didn’t hear a sound.  If it were someone else you were sneaking up on, I doubt they would have known you were there,” Lascar praised.  “But you will never be able to sneak up on me, you have magic in your veins and I can feel it when you are near.”
“How long did you know I was there?” Zorlen asked.
“Not long, I felt something as soon as I walked in the alley but it wasn’t until I was closer that I realized it was you.”  Lascar continued walking and motioned for Zorlen to follow.
Zorlen became more serious now, trying to figure out how to let his grandfather know he had failed.  The whisper had grown eerily quiet.  In fact, he hadn’t heard anything since he fought Kriista.
“Grandfather, I’m sorry…” Zorlen faltered and started again.  “I’m very sorry, but I…”
“You lost the keys,” Lascar interrupted.  His voice was calm and he didn’t seem the slightest bit upset.
“You’re not upset?” Zorlen asked, worried that his grandfather was playing a game with him.  Maybe his grandfather was lulling him into a sense of complacency to make it more enjoyable when he disintegrated Zorlen.
“Hardly,” Lascar replied as he continued down the alley unconcerned by Zorlen’s failure.
“You knew I would fail?”  Now Zorlen was upset, did Lascar just send him in to fail once again?
“No, but it could have gone either way, you win or you lose.  I had plans for either case,” Lascar replied.  “So did Dhrel beat you or Kriista?”
“You are not gonna believe this,” Zorlen said as he stopped and waited for his grandfather to recognize the urgency in his voice.
Lascar stopped and turned around.  “What happened?” Lascar asked, slightly more interested.
“I was doing well against Kriista, much better than I’ve ever done before.  Then out of nowhere she hit me with magic!”  Zorlen stood there waiting for Lascar’s reaction, but instead of acting surprised Lascar turned and started walking back down the alley.  The assassin wasn’t about to mention the whisper that was on Kriista’s side, it would have only made matters worse.
“I assumed she would learn eventually, we will need to keep an eye on that but it’s nothing to worry about,” Lascar said calmly.
Zorlen stood there a second pondering the fact that his grandfather had planned for everything.  Then he realized that Lascar wasn’t stopping so he hurried his steps to catch up.
“How is the Zephillia situation going?” Zorlen asked innocently.  Much to his surprise, Lascar reacted to this question much more harshly.  Lascar didn’t turn around this time but he did stop.
Lascar spoke forcefully but not loudly.  He seemed as if he wanted to yell but kept his teeth tightly together so no one else could hear.  “Lucky for you we are alone in an alley!  If you ever mention anything like that in front of anyone else, ever, it will be the last time I trust you with anything!”
“I would never have brought it up if we weren’t completely alone,” Zorlen said timidly.
Lascar turned around to face Zorlen, his voice much calmer and more restrained.
“That outburst was unnecessary but you need to understand.  This situation with Zephillia is something I hadn’t planned for, and I don’t like surprises.”  Lascar stopped and pondered what else he wanted to share with Zorlen.  “She is very ill now, Dhrel and Kriista are taking too long.  It is extremely difficult to know anything for sure when she is so sick.  I will have to wait until I can completely resurrect her before I know if she is really Zephillia or not.”
“I’m sorry grandfather,” Zorlen said almost bowing his head as he spoke.  “I don’t mean to pry, I just want to make sure I’m ready for whatever you need me to do.”  Zorlen was implying that he would kill Zephillia if Lascar asked him to and Lascar knew it.  As fond as Zorlen was of Zephillia there was no one he would not kill for his grandfather.
A smile crept on to Lascar’s face and he turned back around heading to a door that was now visible at the end of the alley.
“Perhaps I reacted too harshly to your question,” Lascar said, walking slowly, he wanted to finish this conversation before opening the door.  “You didn’t yell it at the top of your lungs and we are alone after all.  If the situation changes, you will be the first to know.”
It wasn’t an apology, Lascar didn’t apologize, but it was as close as Zorlen was going to get from his grandfather and he would take it.
After one more glance at Zorlen, to make sure the conversation was over, Lascar opened the unmarked door.  As they stepped in to the small, dimly lit shop Zorlen realized right away that this was some kind of magic shop.  Along every wall of the shop were shelves filled with bottles.  The tables in the room had open books strewn about and as his eyes adjusted to the light he saw an old woman in the corner rummaging through bottles on the bottom of one of the shelves.
The woman wore an old dusty grey robe that was tied in the middle with a frayed rope.  Her hair was long and grey and from behind she seemed to be very old.  Her gnarled fingers darted around over the bottles with the quickness of a woman much younger than she appeared.  When the old woman realized that someone had come in to her shop she cried out.  “Welcome, welcome!  What can I do for you gentlemen today?”
As the woman turned around, back hunched over, she saw Lascar.  All the color in her face quickly drained away when she realized who was in her shop.  She began mumbling in Latin while drawing back both hands to let loose a fury of magic.
Zorlen responded instantly, jumping over the table between them, throwing books all over the floor.  When he reached the old woman he drew his sword and thrust it at her chest.  The old woman pushed his blade aside causing it to collide with the shelf full of bottles behind her.  With agility she should not possess, the old woman spun on her heals and smashed her elbow into the base of Zorlen’s spine.
The pain was intense, she knew exactly where to strike for optimal effect, and Zorlen let go of his sword.  The old woman swiftly picked up the sword and drew it back ready to trust it into Zorlen’s back.  Zorlen readied himself for more pain but nothing came.  After a few seconds he turned around and the old woman seemed to be frozen.  That was when he noticed Lascar was holding out his hands and his eyes were glowing bright red.
“Now is that any way to treat your grandson?” Lascar smirked at the old woman.
“Sarthol’s boy?  This is him?” the old woman responded.
“So you do know about your grandson?” Lascar questioned.
“Yes, I try to know everything that is going on.  I just didn’t expect him to be so…” the old woman struggled for words.  “Um, virile?”
Lascar burst into evil laughter.  The fact that Lascar was laughing coupled with the eerie sound of the laugher made Zorlen cringe.  He had never heard Lascar laugh and it was unsettling.
“You mean to say, unlike Sarthol,” Lascar amended.
“Yes, that’s exactly what I mean,” the old woman said in a voice that seemed much younger than she looked.
Despite the confusion that Zorlen was experiencing he noticed that not only did the woman’s voice sound younger, her appearances was getting younger as well.  She was standing almost completely upright now and her gnarled fingers were straightening.
“Still using that archaic language as a crutch I see,” Lascar said arrogantly.
“Still using your hand movements as a crutch?” the old woman responded.
Zorlen could not believe his ears, no one ever talked to Lascar that way and lived.  Was this woman really his grandmother?  The same grandmother that Lascar had supposedly killed, at least according to Sarthol.
Lascar laughed again and a shiver ran down Zorlen’s spine.  His laugh was no easier to take the second time.
“I suppose we all have our crutches,” the evil king said between laughs.
This whole situation was very strange for Zorlen.  Lascar actually seemed to like this woman who was supposedly his grandmother.  Zorlen had never seen Lascar speak or be spoken to like this.  Suddenly he understood.  This was what Lascar wanted from Zephillia.  This is why he didn’t trust that it was really her.  He wanted a woman to banter with, butt heads with, he actually liked the way the old woman spoke to him.
“I suppose introductions are in order,” Lascar said more seriously.  “Zorlen this is your grandmother Kaelestra, and Kae this is your grandson Zorlen.”
Kaelestra turned to Zorlen and held out her much younger hand to help him up.
Zorlen was stunned as the woman who could have been over one hundred years old a few minutes ago slowly got younger before his eyes.  By the time he was to his feet, she actually looked like she was in her twenties.  Her long, straight, grey hair turned curly and dark black.  Her greyed eyes turned bright green and her hunched over body became very attractive, even under the dusty grey robe.  If she hadn’t been his grandmother, Zorlen would have been attracted to this woman.
“So, how is your father?” Kaelestra asked bitterly.
“Dead,” Zorlen responded abruptly.
“You or Lascar?” the witch asked.
“Me,” Zorlen said.  “He wanted to ruin Lascar’s plan.”
“Smart choice,” the witch responded, then turned back to Lascar.  “So, since you’re here, I’m guessing its time?”
“Yes, it’s time,” Lascar responded calmly.
“Well, what do you need me to do?” Kaelestra asked.  She had no reservations, whatever Lascar wanted, she would do it.
“Oh how I have missed you,” the evil king smiled.  “I could always count on your obedience.”
Kaelestra smiled back at the evil king, but as she turned her head Zorlen saw something else on her face, fear.
“I need you to, how should I put this?” Lascar fumbled for the words.  “I need you to ‘help’ my other grandchildren along in their journey.”
“Hmm, what exactly do you want me to do?” Kaelestra inquired, turning her gaze back at the evil king.
“There are several ways we can accomplish what we seek.  The easiest is to have Dhrel and Kriista combine the keys themselves.  Also, we need them to take the completed key to the machine and use it.”  Lascar looked deep in thought as he spoke.  He was avoiding saying exactly what he wanted, he still wasn’t sure he trusted Zorlen or Kaelestra that much.  “If they will not take the key there themselves, we will take the completed key and hope that Zorlen can use it.  The only thing we really ‘need’ for them to do is combine them.  Dhrel was easy, he has enough to do his part.  However, Kriista knows about her powers now, we need to keep an eye on her.”
“You stifled her for a long time but she was bound to find out eventually.  I said you should…” Kaelestra was cut off mid-sentence.
“You know very well why she was not trained earlier!” Lascar exclaimed.
Zorlen was startled by the sudden outburst.  Apparently Kaelestra had stepped over a line.  Zorlen wondered if it had been Zephillia who had said this, would his grandfather have reacted the same way?
“Even so, you could have started some training and then you would know how powerful she really was.  However…” the witch relented.  “I will do my best.”
“And Zorlen,” Lascar said turning to the assassin.
“Yes?” Zorlen said snapping to attention.
“I would like you to train with your grandmother.  I’m afraid I do not have to finish your training and you need to get a lot better if you want to beat your cousins,” Lascar said in a condescending tone.
“Yes grandfather,” Zorlen replied.  Though he doubted any amount of training would help.  The voice had been completely silent for a while.  Despite this, he was sure it was still there.  The voice was just waiting for another opportune moment to mock him.
“Oh, I like him, not at all like Sarthol,” Kaelestra commented.
“No, not one bit like Sarthol.  Teach him everything,” Lascar commanded and then turned to leave.
“One more thing, when you are finished training I would like you to watch Zephillia,” Lascar said as he turned and stared at Zorlen.  “Training will not take very long and I have other matters to attend to.”
“Yes, grandfather,” Zorlen responded again, almost smiling this time.  He was full of pride.  He had won his grandfather’s trust.
“One more thing, Kae,” Lascar said as he walked toward the door.  “Zephillia is very ill, make her something to ease the pain until I can complete the resurrection.”
Without waiting for a response Lascar walked through the door and disappeared.

Chapter 11
Kaelestra lunged forward with her staff, attempting to jab Zorlen in the abdomen but Zorlen quickly side stepped.  Kaelestra was ready for this move and spun the staff hard, barely missing Zorlen’s shoulder.  Zorlen then struck with an open hand, catching Kaelestra on the thigh.
“That’s better!” Kaelestra exclaimed.
“Now can I use a weapon?” Zorlen panted.
“No, you will never learn if you rely on weapons,” the witch scolded.  “Again, this time don’t leave your shoulder open like that, I nearly hit it again.”
“Yes, grandmother,” Zorlen said exasperated.
“Kaelestra lunged forward again with her staff, jabbing at his abdomen.  Zorlen was prepared this time and changed things up.  Instead of dodging to the side he spun on his heel throwing his foot up toward Kaelestra’s head.  Kaelestra saw this move coming and ducked under it, which was exactly what Zorlen had expected and he slapped her on the middle of her back with his open hand.
“Much, much better!” Kaelestra commended.  “I didn’t see that one coming.  That’s what you need to work on.  Being spontaneous.”
“Ok, I think I understand,” Zorlen said still out of breath.
“That’s enough for now.  I think you are as ready as you can be.  The rest you need to learn with time and patience,” Kaelestra explained.
“So, why didn’t grandfather teach me this?” Zorlen asked 
“It’s what he does.”  Kaelestra paused.  She wanted to explain everything but knew that even as much as Lascar liked her he would kill her if she didn’t obey his command to stay silent.  “Basically, he wanted you to think you could win but lose anyway.  He didn’t want you to act like you would lose but he still needed you to lose.”
“So he wanted me to be a challenge for her?” Zorlen asked, still confused.
“Yes, now you get it.  It’s all just deception, you played your part perfectly and in turn you gain respect from him.”  Kaelestra paused for a minute to let her words sink in.  “Doing what you are told without asking questions is the best way to gain your grandfather’s respect.”
Despite the fact that his grandfather had lied to him and expected him to fail, Zorlen didn’t feel betrayed.  He actually felt like Lascar was pleased with him.  Zorlen had done exactly what Lascar had wanted.  As Zorlen thought about this a smirk appeared on his face then quickly faded.  He remembered the voice in his head.  Did Lascar plan that as well?  Did his grandfather know about the voice?
“Of course, Lascar knows nothing about me,” the voice chimed in.
Zorlen’s stomach fell.  He hadn’t heard the voice for some time now and hoped it had left.
“Don’t get too cocky.  He likes you, I can see that, but never disobey him.  He will kill you before you can blink,” Kaelestra warned.
“He is going to kill you anyway,” the voice mocked and Zorlen struggled to ignore it.
Zorlen wasn’t worried though.  What reason would he ever have to disobey his grandfather?  From the way Kaelestra spoke, Zorlen could tell that Lascar had way more power than he let anyone see.
“I have one question,” Zorlen said, changing the subject, continuing to ignore the voice in his head.
“What’s that?” Kaelestra responded.
“Actually, a lot more than one question, but one at a time,” Zorlen said smiling at his grandmother.
“Go ahead, you will be heading out to watch over Zephillia tonight, so ask them all.  You may not see me again for a very long time,” Kaelestra said.
“Well then, I’ll make today count,” Zorlen responded trying to cheer up his grandmother.
“I know you can’t tell me about Lascar’s plan, so I will avoid that subject.  But you can tell me about stuff that has already happened, right?” Zorlen asked.
“Yes, as long as it doesn’t have anything to do with Lascar’s plan,” Kaelestra answered.
“Ok for starters, why did father think you were dead?”  Zorlen wanted to start out with the easy questions and work up to the more complicated ones.
“Lascar, your grandfather and I, have a complicated relationship.  He doesn’t love me, he enjoys my company, but it was never love.  He loves Zephillia.  So we spend time together once in a while, until we get to the point that one of us can’t stand the other.  One of those times, a very long time ago, I got pregnant.  Lascar, of course, offered to let me stay at Stone’s Rest, and I did as long as I could stand it.  When Sarthol was about twelve I’d had enough of Lascar, so I left for a while to pursue my own interests.  While I was gone, Lascar told Sarthol he had killed me.  I’m not really sure why, perhaps he got tired of Sarthol’s whining or maybe he wanted to make Sarthol more hardened.  Either way, when I returned Lascar told me about it so I didn’t stay.”  Kaelestra had told this story so many times that even she almost believed it, but she couldn’t trust Zorlen with the truth.  He was clearly Lascar’s loyal grandson and the real story wasn’t something she was going to share with him.
“But, didn’t you ever want to see Sarthol?” Zorlen interrupted.
“At first I did, but after spying on him for a few weeks I realized that he was not the son that I had left.  He had turned into a self-centered, weak, pathetic man.  Maybe if I had stayed he would have turned out differently, but that is doubtful.  I mean I never knew you and look how you turned out.  I think it was just the way he was, he was always a coward at heart.  He never wanted to train with Lastian.  He was more interested in playing mean pranks on the servants.  I don’t regret leaving nor am I mad at you for killing him.  He deserved what he got.”  That part at least was the truth.  She hated her son, or rather, hated what he had become.
Zorlen was torn, he knew very well what his father was like but at the same time how could his own mother turn her back on him?
“Next question?” Kaelestra asked.
“You knew Lastian?” Zorlen responded.
“Oh yes, I knew Lastian very well,” Kaelestra said with a smirk.
Zorlen knew exactly what his grandmother was hinting at.  The thought creeped him out at first but then he realized that Lastian was not related to her at all and was likely at least as old as she was.
“I see that look,” Kaelestra said raising one eyebrow.  “No, it wasn’t weird.  He wasn’t my blood, and Lascar and I were not married.  And no I did not take advantage of him.  It was probably the other way around.  I was pretty young at the time, less than one hundred is young for a druid,” she interjected.  “And Lastian was a battle hardened warrior, and…”  This part of the story was true, she had loved Lastian.
Zorlen quickly interrupted.  “I’m not interested in your sex life.  I want to know how powerful he was.”
“Oh, well then, that’s another thing entirely.  How can I put this?” Kaelestra paused for a second, as much as she loved speaking about Lastian she needed to keep from telling Zorlen too much.  “Let’s say there is a ranking of power.  Lascar of course being at the top, way at the top.  Lastian was second probably tied with the mysterious hooded man.”  Kaelestra paused again trying to think of who would be next.  “I’d say it’s also a tie for fourth between Gromthule and myself.  Then the grandchildren would be next.  I’ve never met Kriista or Dhrel so I really couldn’t say where they lie in all this.”
“Gromthule?  That pathetic druid is even with you?”  Zorlen was confused.  The one time he had fought Gromthule, or rather his ex-friend Grulek had fought Gromthule, the druid seemed rather weak.
“He’s a clever one.  Fought him once, he hides his abilities until he absolutely needs to use them.  I think he doesn’t want to get Lascar’s attention.  For that I don’t blame him, so I never told Lascar about it.  Really, what does Lascar have to fear from a druid anyway?”  The witch looked nervous after her confession.
Zorlen wondered why she didn’t tell Lascar.  Some left over loyalty to her own kind?  She was, after all, a druid.  Was her nervousness because she had kept a secret from Lascar?  Zorlen realized that asking probably wouldn’t get him anywhere so he decided to move on with his next question.
“Where does Zephillia come in on your scale?” Zorlen asked.
“Ah, there’s the real question.  I have never met her.  But judging by the way Lascar spoke of her, and believe me he spoke of her often, she was nearly as powerful as he was.  This was a long time ago, when Lastian was a child, and Lascar has grown more powerful over the years.  So, where does that put her now, I truly don’t know.  One word of advice, tread carefully.  Lascar puts her above everyone else.  If it is a choice between her and anyone else, she will win.”  Kaelestra still held out hope that she hadn’t completely lost her grandson to Lascar, but it was becoming clear that she had.
“Anything else?” Kaelestra asked kindly.
“No, nothing that you could or would answer,” Zorlen responded.
“Smart boy,” Kaelestra smiled.  “I think you’ll do fine with Lascar.  Now, you should pack your things.  He wants you to watch over Zephillia.  Also, I need to prepare myself to meet your cousins.”
Zorlen agreed and began collecting anything he might need for the journey.

Chapter 12
“Are you sure this is a town?” Kriista asked as they approached Xalla.
“Out here, this is as close as we’re gonna get.  And what’s more, this is the last ‘town’ we’re gonna see for quite a while,” Raylee said agreeing that Xalla wasn’t much of a town.
“As long as we can get some supplies,” Dhrel interjected.  “I’m tired of eating rabbits, where are all the deer?”
“We’re getting too far north, larger animals like deer don’t come this far north,” Raylee responded.  “And yes, from what I remember we will find supplies here.  Hopefully a donkey so we can carry more food.  The relic chamber is a lot farther.”
“You mean the machine?” Dhrel corrected.
“The machine, relic, whatever you wanna call that thing,” Raylee relented.
“Any idea on how much farther?” Kriista asked.
“I’ve been there once, and I was sorta lost when I found it.  But, I think probably a month or two?” Raylee answered not completely sure she knew where it was.
As they approached the edge of the town they noticed two rough looking men both talking to a young girl of maybe fifteen.  Every time the girl tried to leave one of the men would stick out their arm and stop her.
“You sure your parents are coming back?” the larger man asked.
“We would be happy to take you in.  You could work off your room and board,” the smaller man added.
“No thank you, my parents will be back any day now,” the young girl answered as she tried to walk away again.
The larger man bent over and put his hands on her shoulders to hold her still while he propositioned her again.
“You may even like it you know?  Have you ever had a man?  I’ll be gentle,” the large man said.
“They’re not coming back,” the smaller man said.  “Brum and I saw their cart in a ravine.  Maybe the Sisters had them for lunch.”
“Don’t say that!” the young girl screamed and the smaller man covered her mouth.
“No reason to yell, but you can’t expect to survive by yourself here.  There are worse men than us around, we’ll treat you well,” the large man explained almost kindly.
Raylee was confident and commanding, she walked quickly up to the two men and the young girl.
“I believe the young lady said no,” Raylee said forcefully.
“Not your business,” the smaller man said.
A knife came flying by Raylee’s head as she opened her mouth to address them again.  The knife was perfectly thrown so that it landed hilt first in the middle of the smaller man’s forehead knocking him to the ground.
The larger man let go of the young girl and turned to Kriista who was still at least twenty feet away.
“Try that on me little girl!” the large man yelled.
“Let me have some fun Kris,” Raylee said pretending to pout.
Realizing what was going to happen the large man swung his huge fist at Raylee.  Raylee put one hand on each side of the man’s fist and spun under it and behind him.  The sound of snapping bone made the little girl cringe as the large man yelled in pain.
“You should be nice to young girls, they grow up to be dangerous women,” Raylee smirked as she twisted the man’s arm even more.
“Please, please,” the large man pleaded but Raylee wasn’t paying attention.  She was looking at the young girl.  “Do you have anything to say to him dear?”
“No,” the young girl said timidly.
“Well then I guess you two can leave,” Raylee said as she gave the large man’s arm one final twist before releasing him.
The large man let out another yell then struggled to pick up his friend with his good arm before carrying him off.
“They’re right,” the young girl stated.
“About what?” Dhrel asked, now that he finally caught up to them.
“There are worse men than them, maybe they were my best chance,” the young girl answered.
“I seriously doubt that, surely there are better choices than those two,” Kriista interjected.
“Right, there have to be honest people around here.  A family that can help you out?” Raylee asked.
“No, they are too afraid of the hunters that stay around here.  As soon as they find out who you just beat up, I won’t even be able to beg for food anymore,” the young girl said.
“Well you can stick with us, but we’re heading north, maybe we can get you a horse and some supplies to head back south?”  Dhrel was asking Kriista and Raylee more than he was asking the young girl.
“Sure, why not?” Kriista responded.
“I suppose, it is sorta our fault,” Raylee added.
“Thank you, my name is Kate,” the young girl stated.
“Pleased to meet you, Kate.  These are my cousins, Dhrel and Kriista.  My name is Raylee,” the prisoner queen said proudly.
“Umm, don’t suppose you could train me to fight like that before you leave?  I might run into more men like that.  A young girl by herself is easy prey for men like that,” Kate said.
“I suppose a little bit of training is the least we can do,” Raylee responded.
“Thank you,” Kate replied.  She sounded relieved that, at least for a short time, she had someone to watch over her.
“Perhaps you can help us as well,” Dhrel started.  “We are new here and could use a little guidance.  We need a donkey or a horse and some supplies.”
Kate’s face lit up.  “I know just the place.  There is a supply store on the east side of town.  Follow me.”
Kate took off walking and the three of them followed.  After winding through the town, down wide open streets and a few narrow alleys they finally came to what looked like a farm.  There was a large barn with maybe ten horses and a few donkeys inside its fence.  Next to the barn was a modest house with a covered porch, on the porch was a desk and a single chair.
Kate walked up to the porch confidently and grabbed the bell hanging over the desk, ringing it hard.  After a few moments a middle aged man with a half grey beard came out of the house.
“Kate,” the middle aged man said acknowledging her presence, then he turned to Raylee.  “What can I do for you?”
This apparently wasn’t an uncommon thing for Kate to bring customers to this man’s house.  Almost slyly the middle aged man grabbed a silver coin from his pocket and slipped it to Kate.
“I’m guessing Kate works for you?” Raylee asked suspiciously.
“No, but I give her a finder’s fee for any customers she brings my way.  I’m a ways off the main road so I consider it the cost of doing business.  And I know Kate’s parents are still gone.  Need to help each other out now don’t we?” the middle aged man said smiling at Kate.  “Speaking of which, I have some left overs on the stove Kate.  Help yourself.”
The middle aged man then turned his attention back to his customers while Kate headed inside.
“Name’s Carl.  What can I do for you?” Carl asked in his best salesman’s voice.
Dhrel stepped forward.  “Need a donkey, a horse and enough supplies to last us two months.  We’re heading north and don’t expect to be back for a while.”
“Hmm,” Carl said as he stroked his beard.  “I have enough dried meat to last you that long but as for dried vegetables, I think I only have enough for a week.”
“That will do fine,” Raylee answered.  “We can find vegetables, it’s the meat that is a problem up here.”
“True, true,” Carl agreed.
“What kind of meat is it?” Kriista asked.  She had eaten enough rabbit to last her a lifetime and was hoping the meat was something more interesting.
“Pork and beef, that acceptable?” Carl responded.
“Perfect,” Dhrel answered.  “Really tired of rabbit.”
“For that I don’t blame you,” Carl laughed.  “But why a horse and a donkey?  The horse won’t make it northward.”
“The horse is for Kate.  She needs to head south before someone ‘takes her in’.” Raylee said emphasizing her play on words.
“Ahh, yes, was wondering when she might give up on her parents.  I believe she has an aunt in Vela.  Three weeks south west of here.  But I’m not certain,” Carl said.  “You know what, don’t worry about the horse, for Kate it’s free.  Just glad someone convinced her it was time to go before one of the hunters got his claws into her.  These hunters are a rough lot.”
“If there’s no deer what exactly do they hunt?” Dhrel asked, the idea of hunters with nothing to hunt was confusing to him.
“Bears, The Sisters, bandits,” Carl answered.
“Oh, so they are more like bounty hunters then?” Dhrel asked.
“Yes, a captured Sister is worth a year’s wages, bandits a little less and bear skins just pay the bills when they can’t find anything better to hunt.”  Carl almost seemed proud that he was part of this community of bounty hunters.  “Makes for a rather rough bunch up here though.  For the most part they stay out in the forest hunting, but you don’t wanna be around when more than a few are back home between hunts.”
“Makes sense,” Raylee replied.  “So how much do we owe you?  And how soon can you have the meat ready?”
“Forty silver should cover the meat and twenty for the donkey,” Carl said.  “And I’ll have em ready by morning, that ok?”
Dhrel pulled out a gold coin and put it on the table.
“I’ll have to see if I can find change, might have to run across town to the bank,” Carl said nervously.  He realized he was dealing with rich people, he should have charged them more.
“No need,” Dhrel answered.  “You can keep the rest.”
“I’ll get working on your supplies right away,” Carl said excitedly as he went back into the house.
“We’ll just camp out in the woods by your house if that’s ok?” Kriista yelled to Carl before he was inside.
“Yes, yes, that will be fine,” Carl said not stopping.
Kate skipped out the door after Carl had gone inside.  “Mind if I spend the night with you guys?” she asked with confidence.
“Sure, why not?” Raylee responded.
“And…will you teach me to fight before you go?” Kate asked meekly.
“I said I would, and I will,” Raylee replied.
Kate’s face lit up and she joyfully skipped along behind them as the three of them looked for a good spot to make camp for the night.  Kriista watched in amusement as Kate’s long dusty blond hair bounced up to her shoulders every time she landed.  How can a girl go from nearly being raped to skipping joyfully in less than an hour?  There was something not quite right about this little girl but Kriista couldn’t quite put her finger on it.
Within an hour they had made their camp and after more prodding Raylee took Kate to a clearing to teach her a few moves.
“Now you are small so you are not going to overpower anyone, especially a man.  You need to use your small size to your advantage,” Raylee explained.  “If a man grabs you from in front you can easily fit between his legs.”  Raylee wasn’t much bigger than Kate, maybe a foot taller.  She grabbed both of Kate’s wrists and stood with her feet apart.  “Now slide yourself, feet first, between my legs.  The shock and momentum of your body will throw a larger man off balance.  Just make sure you are not under him if he falls.”
Kate did as Raylee instructed and even though Raylee was ready for it, the jolt from the little girl’s weight nearly pulled her forward.
“Now see if I wasn’t ready for it I would have gone head first into the dirt.  It won’t hurt them much but it will give you time to run, and that’s what you’re going for here,” Raylee instructed as she released Kate’s wrists.
Dhrel and Kriista watched as Raylee instructed Kate in ways to overcome a much bigger opponent.  As they sat there Kriista thought to Dhrel.
“Something is off about her,” Kriista thought to her brother.
“What do you mean?” Dhrel asked out loud.
“Quiet, there is seriously something not right about this little girl,” Kriista spoke silently with her mind.
“Well, come to think of it, I am getting nothing from her,” Dhrel responded silently.
“Nothing?  No emotion at all?” Kriista asked without worlds.
“Nothing, kinda like when I first met you.  I got nothing from you because Lascar had taught you how to hide your emotions,” Dhrel said silently.
“That’s it, that’s what I’m picking up on.  The way she moves, the way she talks.  She has to try to act like a little girl.  She was trained by Lascar.  This is some kind of trick,” Kriista thought to Dhrel.
“How can that be?  Carl was honest and sincere, perhaps a little greedy, but he truly cares for Kate,” Dhrel responded without words.
“Maybe she has him fooled too?  All I know is that she is not what she pretends to be,” Kriista said with words this time.  She wanted Kate to hear this time and Kate did.
Suddenly Kate grew to about half a foot taller than Raylee.  Her hair changed from dusty blond to black and curly.
“Lascar underestimates you my dear,” Kaelestra said to Kriista.
Raylee was caught off guard and Kaelestra jabbed her right in the throat.  Raylee stumbled back, unable to catch her breath.  Kriista leapt forward drawing her swords and placing herself between her choking cousin and the druid woman.
“So who are you?” Kriista asked forcefully.
“I’m Raylee’s grandmother, Kaelestra,” the witch said with a small bow, not taking her eyes off Kriista.
“And what do you want?” Dhrel yelled, still standing far away from everyone else.  The anger caused his eyes to glow blue.
“To test you, of course,” Kaelestra said spinning as she lowered herself to the ground.  She attempted to sweep Kriista’s feet out from under her but Kriista leapt over them easily.  When Kriista landed she swung one sword at Kaelestra’s shoulder while stabbing at her abdomen with the other.  Kaelestra caught both swords with her bare hands and then twisted herself under them and threw Kriista over her shoulder, into the woods beside them.
“And I must say, so far, you’re disappointing,” Kaelestra said as she walked toward Dhrel.
Dhrel held out his hands and shot a blast of blue energy at Kaelestra as she walked closer.  Instead of dodging it she held out her hands and caught the energy blast.  The force made her take a step back, but it did not stop her.
“Not bad, better than the other two, but still lacking,” Kaelestra scolded as she readied her own magic.  She chanted something in Latin and then threw a powerful beam at Dhrel.  Dhrel didn’t move or flinch.  He let the energy hit him in the chest and absorbed it all.
“Interesting,” Kaelestra said, then spun and kicked Dhrel square in the forehead throwing him head over heels backward.
Dhrel sat up and held his spinning head.  Everything was blurry but he could just barely make out the witch fighting Kriista and Raylee at the same time.
Raylee grabbed her staff from the ground and swung at Kaelestra’s head while Kriista tried to slice and stab at Kaelestra.  Every time one of them almost hit her, Kaelestra would block the weapon with her bare hands and send them backward with either a kick or a punch to a non-vital area.  Dhrel realized, she was serious, this was just a test.  Kaelestra wasn’t trying to beat them or disable them, she wanted to know how good they were.
Dhrel got to his feet and readied another blast of energy, aimed right at Kaelestra’s back.  If he could catch her off guard, maybe he could knock her out.  He released the energy and it shot toward Kaelestra but somehow she knew it was coming and flipped over it.  The energy collided with Raylee and threw her twenty feet until she finally collided with a tree.
“Sorry but it’s your sister’s turn now,” Kaelestra said then mumbled something and stuck out one hand.  A beam of energy shot out of her hand and Dhrel readied himself to absorb it but the beam was aimed at the large tree limb above him.  The branch broke and fell on top of Dhrel, temporarily trapping him.
“Well, where’s this magic I’ve heard about?  You obviously aren’t going to beat me with these swords,” Kaelestra said.  As she said this she hit Kriista in the wrist with one fist then quickly spun and kicked her other wrist.  Both of Kriista’s swords went flying, one flew left until it stuck in a nearby tree trunk and the other flew off into the distance behind some bushes.
Kriista concentrated and tried to use the magic, like she had on Zorlen but nothing was happening.
“Can’t make it work?  Pathetic, and Lascar said you were special,” Kaelestra said turning and walking toward Raylee.  She mumbled a few words, stuck out her hand and shot magic at Raylee who screamed in pain.
“Stop!” Kriista yelled.  “What is it you want?”
“I want you to stop me,” Kaelestra said as she mumbled more words and struck Raylee again.
Kriista could feel the magic rising in her but she couldn’t figure out how to release it.
Dhrel finally got the large branch off of himself and was ready to face Kaelestra again.  The ground in front of him was lit up by the brightness of his eyes.  He held his hands up and readied himself to shot another blast of energy at Kaelestra.
“Your magic is weak, I want to see hers,” Kaelestra said as she walked over to the tree where Kriista’s sword had landed and pulled it out with ease.  Dhrel released the energy and it shot out toward Kaelestra this time instead of catching it she deflected it and it hit Raylee.  Raylee screamed in pain again.
“I said I want to see your sister’s magic,” Kaelestra said and she threw the sword at Dhrel.  Dhrel tried to catch it but he missed and then everything turned black.  The sword had struck him right in the heart.
Kaelestra turned to Kriista.  “You know that won’t kill him, but if you don’t beat me, I’ll rip out his heart.  And that will kill him.”  She then turned to Raylee and shot another blast of energy, making Raylee scream in pain once again.  “And she’s next, so what’s it gonna be?”
Kriista was out matched.  Kaelestra was so much stronger, faster and seemed to fight better than anyone she had ever met, plus she had magic.  How could Kriista even compete?
“Magic!” Kaelestra yelled again sending a beam of energy at Raylee who was nearly unconscious from the pain.
Kriista shut her eyes and slid her hands down to her belt, grabbing the key she used for a belt buckle.  Maybe the key would show her what to do.  Instantly Kriista felt the energy inside her rising faster.  She understood how to use her magic now.
Kriista opened her eyes and the purple glow enveloped Kaelestra.  The draelic queen stuck out both hands and just like with Zorlen released a huge amount of energy.  Kaelestra held out her hands to catch or deflect the energy but it was no use.  The witch was sent flying backward into the forest.
Once she had gotten her bearings Kaelestra ran away as fast as she could.  She had accomplished what Lascar had asked her to do, she wasn’t going to put her life in danger.  Kriista was far more powerful than Lascar had said.  Luckily, the draelic queen didn’t have full use of her powers.
Kriista rushed to Raylee to check on her.  Even though Dhrel had been stabbed through the heart with a sword, Raylee was the more immediate concern.  Dhrel would recover, the draelic queen wasn’t sure about Raylee.  Raylee didn’t seem to be as strong as Dhrel and herself.
After a few minutes Raylee had regained consciousness but Dhrel was another story.  Even after taking the sword from his chest Dhrel needed time to recover.
“My family sucks,” Raylee exclaimed as she tried to stand.  She was still quite weak from the assault she had just received.
“You mean our family sucks,” Kriista replied.
“Yes, our family sucks,” Raylee responded.  “Will he be alright?”  Raylee motioned to Dhrel.
“He will be fine, she got him right in the heart.  Might take him some time to recover from that,” Kriista assured her cousin.
“I’d say we need more practice,” Raylee deliberated.  “I mean, you beat her, but Dhrel and I were useless.”
“I barely beat her, after she gave me a chance.  I wouldn’t consider that a victory at all.  If that had been Lascar we’d all be dead right now.”  Kriista was very disheartened.  How could they possibly stand up to Lascar if they couldn’t even beat Kaelestra?
“I suppose it’s a good thing this happened,” the prisoner queen stated.
“Why is that?” Kriista asked.
“We know where we stand,” Raylee answered.  “And we know we need a lot more training.”
“Well, we have a month or two, hopefully we can improve.”  Kriista still looked upset but at the same time Raylee was right.

Chapter 13
Zorlen finally found Zephillia’s camp.  He had wandered around for days, coming within a mile of the camp several times.  He was getting sick of this land more each day, always fog in the morning, fog in the night and the same monotonous trees everywhere.  Although he was a good tracker, this land was confusing, everything looked the same, there were no landmarks, few rivers, no anything to keep someone from getting lost.
When Zorlen approached the camp, the five bodyguards Lascar had hired yelled for him to stop.  Without hesitation Zorlen removed the first one’s head with one swift swing of his sword.  The second and third ran at him, shields held high, blocking any attempts at him doing the same to them.  Zorlen casually dipped down on one knee and cut them off at the legs.  Shields were great as long as someone attacks your body, the legs were completely exposed.  The fourth and fifth bodyguards ran as soon as they saw what Zorlen had done to the other three.
“Great, now I have to chase them,” Zorlen sighed to himself as he took off in a sprint.  He wasn’t quite sure if he was talking to himself or the whisper.
When he caught up to the fourth guard he removed the guard’s head, then kept running to catch the fifth who was faster than his friend.
“Why?” the fifth guard yelled as he tried to run even faster.
“You let me get near the camp, not much of a guard are you?” Zorlen asked as he ran his sword through the guard’s back, silencing him.
Zorlen then calmly walked back to the camp after wiping the blood off his sword using the guard’s shirt.
“You handled them quite well,” the whisper complimented.
What he had told the guard wasn’t exactly the truth.  Lascar wanted him to kill the guards anyway.  No one could know where Zephillia was.
“I’ve relieved the guards,” Zorlen yelled at the single tent.
“Good, they were getting on my nerves,” Zephillia wheezed.
“Oh?” Zorlen asked.
“Two of them talked about leaving, they had gotten their money in advance so they figured they should just leave,” Zephillia struggled.  “The other three spoke of having their way with me if Lascar didn’t return soon.”
“Grandfather didn’t pick very bright guards, did he?” Zorlen laughed.
“Doesn’t matter really, they were never going to be allowed to live.  Smart guards would have figured that out.  So dumb guards is what I get,” Zephillia said before breaking out in a coughing fit.
“Kaelestra gave me something to help you,” Zorlen said as he pushed a bottle with a milky looking liquid at Zephillia.
“Who’s that and why should I drink this?” Zephillia sputtered.
“Kaelestra is my grandmother, and Lascar told her to make it,” Zorlen responded.
“Ok, if Lascar trusts her, then I’ll drink it,” Zephillia said as she raised the potion to her lips.
Zorlen wondered, was this really Zephillia?  Wouldn’t the real Zephillia be more obstinate?  The real Zephillia would question Lascar’s commands if she disagreed.  Maybe he was reading too much into this.  Lascar really was trying to help her, maybe she realized this?  Whether or not this was the real Zephillia wasn’t his concern.  Lascar was the only one who could decide, he was worrying himself over something that was not his to worry about.
“That isn’t Zephillia,” the whisper said.  “You should kill her now.”
Zorlen ignored the voice in his head and looked at Zephillia as she tried to keep the disgusting liquid down.
“That was horrible,” Zephillia said, her wheezing gone.
“But it does seem to have worked,” Zorlen smirked.
“True,” Zephillia agreed then sat down on one of the logs by the fire.  “I’m still freezing, can you get some more fire wood?”
Again Zorlen’s mind was plagued with questions.  Would the real Zephillia be so kind and ask or would she demand he get the fire wood?  Again he realized he did not have the answers to these questions and again he realized they were not his questions to worry about.
“Of course it’s not her,” the whisper said.
“Shut up,” Zorlen said to the voice.  “It’s not for me to decide.”
After retrieving enough firewood to last the night, Zorlen sat down beside Zephillia and started to prepare supper for them.
“I’m still freezing, can you hold me?” Zephillia asked.
Zorlen put his arm around her, after putting down the meat he was preparing to cook.  He didn’t say a word, just did as he was asked.
“You know I’m not actually related to you, you know that right?” Zephillia asked slyly.
“I know,” Zorlen responded, hoping she was not suggesting what he thought she was.
“There’s no reason you have to sleep outside tonight, you could share my tent.  I’d be grateful for the warmth,” Zephillia said looking up at him mischievously.
“That would be inappropriate, Lascar is your husband,” Zorlen said removing his arm from her shoulder.  Half distracted by the proposition he had just received, he returned to preparing their meal.
“See, the real Zephillia would have never propositioned you,” the whisper said.
Truthfully if Zephillia had not been his grandfather’s wife he probably would have taken her up on her offer.  But, not only was she married to his grandfather, Zorlen didn’t trust this woman.  Up until this point he had doubts.  Maybe Zephillia was just sick, acting funny because of her illness.  It was obvious that this was not the real Zephillia.  Then he thought about it, maybe she is just lonely?  Not that he would do anything like she suggested, but Lascar hadn’t really spent much time with her.  She was always alone, surrounded by guards.  Lascar was always working on his plan, almost to the point of ignoring her.
“Don’t give her the benefit of the doubt, she will turn on you, kill you when you least expect it.  Kill her now!” the voice yelled in Zorlen’s head, again he ignored it.
Zorlen returned to his original thought, these were not his questions to answer.  Whether or not this was the real Zephillia was Lascar’s problem.  Zorlen’s job was to keep her safe, no matter who she was and he was definitely not having sex with her.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to upset you.  It’s just that I’m very lonely.  You realize that it’s been nearly a millennium since I’ve had sex?” Zephillia said.  “Lascar ignores me or patronizes me whenever he’s around.  I do apologize, I’ve just been rethinking my relationship with Lascar.”
Zorlen listened trying not to give in to his urges to analyze what she was saying.  ‘It’s not for you to decide who she is or isn’t.’  He kept repeating to himself in his head.
“Or is it?” the whisper asked slyly.
After a short silence Zephillia pondered more out loud.
“You realize he is going to kill you when he’s finished with you?  He kills everyone.  Some day he will kill me,” Zephillia said.  “I truly hope that he doesn’t catch you off-guard.  I think you stand a chance if you are careful not to let him trick you.  You have a long way to go but I think you could hold your own against him if you had to.”  Zephillia paused waiting for Zorlen to respond.  When he didn’t she continued.  “I mean if you were defending your own life, or mine, that is.  We can’t let him use us up and kill us like he does to everyone.”
“So what is your plan then?  I can’t fight him directly, I would lose,” Zorlen said.
Zephillia’s face lit up, she had finally gotten Zorlen’s attention.
“No, no, nothing like that.  I’m just saying, if he attacks one of us, the other would come to their aid.  Together we are stronger than him,” Zephillia said with an evil smile.  “When I’m fully resurrected I will be strong enough to help you.  So that is when we attack.  When he least expects it.  Before he can kill us.”
Zorlen sat there deep in thought for a few moments, not answering.  One second Zephillia is talking about defending themselves, the next about attacking Lascar.  She was trying to manipulate him.
“The real Zephillia would never talk like this,” the whisper said confirming Zorlen’s suspicions.
“You know he is going to kill us after his plan is finished and I’m resurrected, right?” Zephillia asked.
“Why would he do that?” Zorlen asked.
“I’m just a means to an end.  He needs me to complete his plan, after that he’s going to kill me, and then when I’m dead he’s going to kill you.  He sees how powerful you are and it worries him.  Just like Raylee’s child, he will kill you, no one can be as powerful as he is.”  Zephillia put her hand on Zorlen’s leg.
“She’s playing you, don’t believe her.  She is just as dangerous as Lascar.  They will both betray us in the end,” the whisper said.
“Don’t decide anything right now.  Think about what I said, watch how Lascar acts, and pay attention to what’s going on.  You will see that he means to kill us both when this is over,” Zephillia said then removed her hand from Zorlen’s leg.
Zorlen continued to make their supper as the light dimmed and the fog rolled in, not saying a word.  Finally after supper was finished and they had both eaten, Zephillia spoke again.
“My offer still stands, you don’t have to sleep out here by yourself,” Zephillia said as she ducked into the tent.
Zorlen didn’t answer, he just got out his bed roll and made his bed next to the fire.  It was doubtful that Zephillia was happy about his response but he was not about to betray Lascar.
Zorlen couldn’t sleep, his mind filled with questions, and truthfully he was angry at Zephillia for propositioning him.  Not that he minded being propositioned by a woman, it was who the woman was, or was supposed to be, that made him so angry.  How could this be the real Zephillia?  Her excuse that Lascar had ignored her made sense but at the same time, if she were the real Zephillia wouldn’t she demand attention?  This woman, whoever she was, could not be the woman that Lascar described.
“It’s not her,” the whisper said quietly.
Again Zorlen returned to his new mantra ‘It’s not for you to decide who she is or isn’t’ as he drifted off to sleep.

Chapter 14
Lascar stood alone in the foggy night.  The small clearing was dimly lit from the full moon that was just barely visible through the fog.  Lascar didn’t appear nervous, just impatient.  He was to meet the mysterious hooded man, Narsol.  It was Narsol’s idea, apparently he had urgent matters to discuss with the evil king.
Lascar heard rustling in the nearby trees and soon Narsol stepped out.  Narsol was a small man, about the same size as Lascar, with a greyish green skin color that no one could explain, it almost looked the same color as a scaldreth, without the scales.  He wore a hood most of the time to cover his bald head.  The strange man had the eyes of a xeltheen, cat like and uncaring, but he also had the fangs of a draelic.  Some people, the few who had actually met the man, guessed that he was a mixture of druid, xeltheen and draelic, however, no one knew for sure.
Narsol ran his long yellow claws across his hairless greenish-grey face and then removed his hood to speak with the evil king.
“I see you got my message,” Narsol hissed.
“Yes, but I have little time for games, the plan is nearly complete,” Lascar replied calmly.
“I realize that, but there is someone that is jeopardizing your efforts,” Narsol said as he stroked his hairless face, almost as if he was remembering when he had once had a beard.
“And who could possibly stop me now?  Lastian is gone,” Lascar snapped.
“You,” Narsol said snidely.
“And how is that?” Lascar asked impatiently.
“You sent Kaelestra to push Kriista, but it didn’t go how you planned,” Narsol said belligerently.
“I am not sure how Kaelestra could have possibly screwed it up, but I’m sure you are going to tell me,” Lascar said annoyed with Narsol’s accusations.
“It wasn’t Kaelestra that screwed up.  She did exactly as you told her.  She got Kriista to use her magic alright, but Kriista pushed back harder than expected,” the hairless ugly man goaded.
“Out with it already, what happened?”  Lascar was getting tired of Narsol’s games.
“Kriista released enough energy to throw Kaelestra across the forest, then Kaelestra was forced to run before your granddaughter killed her.”  Narsol was pleased with himself.
“I guess I really don’t see your point.  I wanted to know about Kriista’s magic and now I do,” Lascar replied.
Although Lascar was concerned that Kriista was powerful enough to throw Kaelestra across a forest, it was after all what he had asked the witch to do.  He was also not about to admit that Narsol was right.
“So you don’t care that your granddaughter is nearly as powerful as you are?”  Narsol was not dissuaded, he wanted Lascar to see the threat that Kriista presented.  “She grows stronger each day, when she learns how to use her powers she will be a serious threat.”
“I don’t think you fully comprehend my power,” Lascar said, still unimpressed.
“I don’t think you fully comprehend the threat she will become.”  Narsol was intentionally trying to make Lascar angry and he knew it.  The man’s voice reminded Lascar of a snake.  He was untrustworthy to say the least, but necessary for Lascar to complete his plan.
 “There are also rumors that you are not nearly as strong now that you are constantly feeding Zephillia.”  Narsol was clearly trying to get some kind of a response from Lascar.
“Exaggerations.  Would you like to find out?”  Lascar’s eyes lit up bright red and Narsol backed down.
“Just bringing up a potential problem.  If your new apprentice believes these rumors, he may strike.  Wait until your granddaughter has you distracted, then you will be outnumbered.  You should kill him before he has the chance to betray you,” Narsol said.  “He has no part to play in your plan, you only need Kriista and Dhrel.”
Lascar noticed that Narsol’s hands were glowing, but continued the conversation as if he hadn’t seen.
“Why should I be worried, Kriista, Dhrel and Zorlen could all come at me and I would still win.  And furthermore, I trust Zorlen more than I trust you.  I think it is you that means to test me.”  Lascar turned his back and pretended to look up at the moon.  He wanted Narsol to have the perfect opportunity and Narsol took the bait.
Narsol threw an energy beam at Lascar’s back.  Lascar spun around and caught the beam, then shot his own at Narsol who barely dodged in time.  Narsol rolled on the ground and got back on his feet preparing for another attack.  The hairless old man was much more agile than Lascar would have thought.
“This is pointless and you know it,” Lascar laughed.
Narsol threw another energy beam at Lascar but the evil king just waved his hand and the beam was deflected to a nearby tree which exploded.  Narsol shot another and another each time Lascar deflected them, once hitting the ground and throwing dirt everywhere and the last time hitting Narsol in the leg with his own beam.  Narsol fell to the ground in pain.
“Now if you are done, you have a job to do,” Lascar commanded, growing more impatient.
“Yes, my lord,” Narsol relented, realizing that Lascar was not weak like the rumors suggested.
“Let me worry about Kriista, your job is Dhrel.”  Lascar put his hands behind his back and began pacing slowly.  “Also, if you try that again I will absorb your power.  Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes, my lord, I do apologize.  I just want to make sure the plan is successful, I stand to gain just as much as you do.  So you can see why I was worried that you might not be up for it.  Zephillia is a distraction,” Narsol said, immediately realizing that he should not have said that.
Lascar reacted calmly and raised one hand to Narsol.  Pain shot through Narsol’s body and the ugly man screamed in pain.  All of his bones cracked, his organs were crushed and he could barely breathe.
“Zephillia is not your concern and my business is not your concern!  I am the king, I will do whatever I want!  Your only concern should be doing what I say before I have no more use for you!”  When Lascar was done speaking he released his magical grasp on Narsol and the ugly man fell to the ground still in pain and out of breathe.
“Yes…my lord…I will deal with Dhrel,” Narsol gasped as he crawled away.
Lascar pondered Narsol for a moment.  Although this man was very important to his plan, the evil king’s patience had limits.  If it had been anyone else he would have killed them outright.  Narsol’s importance warranted one warning, but only one.
Lascar turned and walked in to the forest in the opposite direction, his work was to the north and he needed to prepare.  The only thing that Narsol had said that actually concerned Lascar was how powerful Kriista was.  Things needed to be sped up.  Kriista’s power was more than he had anticipated and if she learned too much she might be a problem.  She was becoming as dangerous as her father had been and that worried the evil king.

Chapter 15
In the morning Kriista woke before Dhrel and Raylee, both of them still worn out from fighting Kaelestra.  Realizing that both of them would need rest, she headed to Carl’s house to get the donkey and their supplies.  Carl was confused as to why they didn’t need the horse anymore, but with some evasive answers Kriista was able to convince him that Kate had already traveled south.
When Kriista returned Raylee and Dhrel were both awake and feeling slightly better.  Within a few minutes the three of them had everything packed up and continued on their journey to find the machine.
In the days that followed, as they traveled farther north, they began to notice that the unchanging scenery of Brizen was beginning to give way to rocks and small hills.  The boringly similar trees were giving way to pine trees and the fog that greeted them every morning was getting thinner.  By the third week they had gotten high enough that there was very little fog at all in the morning and even the pine trees began to get farther apart.  They could now see for miles in any direction without their view being obstructed by dense forest.  Although Dhrel and Kriista didn’t notice, it had gotten very cold at night.  Raylee on the other hand had taken to using several blankets each night since Dhrel and Kriista didn’t really need them.  The differences between Raylee’s side of the family and theirs began to become evident.  Raylee was not like Dhrel and Kriista, she did not have the same innate power.
“It’s been a little over three weeks since we left Xalla.  Are we getting close?” Dhrel asked as they sat around the nightly camp fire eating their dried meat.
“It’s getting cold at night but the days are still warm.  I’d say we’re maybe half way,” Raylee answered, trying to bite off a piece of the hard meat and talk at the same time.
“Think we’ll find anything useful to hunt?” Kriista asked looking down at her portion of the dried pork.
“Getting tired of the dried meat?” Raylee asked almost laughing.
“I’d really love a fresh rabbit now,” Kriista laughed.
“Oh, so now you want rabbit?” Raylee teased.
“I think I’d even go for some about now,” Dhrel chimed in.  “Three weeks of dried meat gets a little old.”
“Told you we should have hunted for rabbit before we got too high, but no.  You two were sick of rabbits,” Raylee joined Kriista in laughter.
“Well now I’m not,” Dhrel said pretending to pout.
“We should be able to find some rabbits up here too, they will just be harder to find,” Raylee assured him.  “Probably more likely to find some squirrels or other rodents, but maybe some rabbits.”
“Even squirrels would be a nice change,” Kriista said smiling at Dhrel.  “But at least we have food if we don’t find any.  This would have been way worse if we hadn’t gotten the dried meat.”  Kriista turned to Raylee.  She wanted to make sure that Raylee knew she was grateful for her forethought.  Fresh meat would be nice, but Raylee’s planning was the reason they could complain about what meat they ate instead of complaining that they were hungry.
Raylee realized what Kriista was doing and smiled back at her.  In the time they had been together the three of them had gotten very close, Raylee was now like their sister.  Many nights they had sat around the campfire eating their dried meat, complaining about it and sharing stories about Lastian.  Dhrel, of course, just sat and listened, not having known his father at all.
Kriista decided they had complained enough about the food, it was time for more stories.  She thought long and hard but struggled to come up with a story she had not already told them.
“I think I may have told you every story now,” Kriista admitted.  “We really have been out here a long time.”
“I have much more, just trying to decide what story to tell you tonight,” Raylee said with a mischievous grin.  “Ok, this happened about umm…two-hundred or so years ago.  Lastian and I…”  Raylee suddenly stopped.
Kriista had heard the noise too and turned to the forest behind Dhrel.
“What is it?” Dhrel whispered as he turned.  “I thought I heard something.”
Dhrel was getting better, their morning training was paying off.  Not that Dhrel was a match for Kriista, but he was quickly beginning to hold his own with Raylee.  After realizing that he couldn’t rely only on magic he had devoted himself to training as hard as he could every morning before they headed out for the day’s journey.
“Sounded like an animal, but too large for anything we’ve seen up here,” Kriista whispered back.
“Yes, even bears don’t go up this high.  Maybe a fox?” Raylee whispered.
“It was bigger than a fox,” Kriista replied almost whispering.
Kriista slowly snuck over to where the sound had come from, stopping every few feet to listen.
“Hello,” a low rough voice called out from the darkness, beyond what was illuminated by the fire.
“Grom?” Raylee said loudly.
Kriista stood up and smiled as the large hairy druid walked into view.
“I guess I’m getting lax in my old age,” the large druid laughed.  “I used be able to sneak right up on someone without them even knowing I was there.”
“Don’t feel bad,” Dhrel reassured Gromthule as he threw a blanket to the large naked druid.  “We’re not exactly normal people.”  Dhrel was much more comfortable with the idea that they were not normal people now.  He was actually happy that they weren’t ‘normal’.
“I guess not,” Gromthule chuckled.
“What are you doing all the way out here?” Raylee asked, sitting back down by the fire.
“Looking for you, of course,” Gromthule replied as he sat beside Raylee.  Gromthule’s huge frame sitting on a small log beside the tiny Raylee made him look even larger.
“So does that mean you have news?” Kriista asked, sitting on the other side of Gromthule.
“Actually I’ve found nothing,” Gromthule paused to make sure they had no questions.  “The truth is, I was not entirely forthcoming with you earlier Dhrel.”
“What do you mean?” Dhrel asked apprehensively.
“I know more magic than I originally told you I did.  I guess I wanted to make sure of your intensions and by the time I was ready to tell you, Lascar broke my ribs.  Even though it’s a little late, I’d like to see if I can help.”  The large druid smiled kindly at Dhrel hoping he was forgiven.
“That would be great!” Dhrel exclaimed.  “I still want to keep up my training with Raylee and Kris, but learning more magic is not a bad thing.”  Dhrel was still not comfortable calling Raylee by her nick name ‘Lee’ like Kriista was.  He had tried it at first but it just didn’t feel right.
“I agree you shouldn’t abandon your training with Raylee and Kriista, but training your magic is also very important.  I can only stay a few days, so we need to train as much as possible before I go,” Gromthule pressed.
“Leaving again so soon?” Kriista asked, immediately embarrassed.  She was still touchy where her feelings for Gromthule were concerned.  She didn’t want Raylee and Dhrel to know how much she cared for him.
“Yes, I need to find out where the master key is,” Gromthule explained.
“Apparently Lascar had it at one time, a long time ago,” Raylee announced.
“And how do you know this?” Gromthule asked.
“I saw it in a vision.”  Kriista paused for a second and then decided she needed to explain.  “From my key, I saw a mysterious hooded man hand it to Lascar centuries ago.”
“Hmm, you must mean Narsol.  Well, I doubt he has it now.  But that does help me with where to look.  If Lascar had it at one time then the only one who could have taken it from him was Lastian.”  Gromthule seemed lost in thought for a moment.  They all stared at him waiting for him to finish.  “Yes, it had to have been Lastian.  No one else could have gotten close enough to steal it.  That is assuming it wasn’t you, Kris.”  Gromthule smiled at Kriista and her heart raced.
Her feelings for Gromthule were strange.  She wanted to please him, show him she was good enough.  She had never loved someone like this and this was nothing like the way she loved Elyse.  The thing she feared most was disappointing Gromthule.
“No no, I would have said something if it was me,” Kriista said nervously.
“Just kidding, my dear,” Gromthule said, realizing his joke had not been as funny as it sounded in his head.  “I know it wasn’t you.  Everything we know points to your father being the one that took it.”
“So where would Lastian hide it?” Raylee pondered, as much to herself as to everyone else.
“That is the question, but thankfully I have a better idea of where to look now,” Gromthule said smiling at Kriista.
Kriista blushed, both from the embarrassment of overreacting and from being the center of Gromthule’s attention.
“Well, I’ve been walking very fast to keep up with you, I really need some sleep.  I’m just glad you stop to train every morning or I would have never caught up,” Gromthule laughed.
Everyone there knew this was a lie, all Gromthule would have had to do was turn into a lion, wolf or something else that could run through the mountains easily.  In fact, they were slower than normal because they had to go at a pace the donkey could handle.  The one thing Gromthule wasn’t kidding about was the fact that he was tired.  Before anyone knew it, the large druid had curled up and fell asleep.
In the morning Gromthule woke before everyone and decided to make breakfast.  The others woke to the wonderful smell of frying eggs and a strange root that Gromthule was frying in another pan.
“What is that wonderful smell?” Kriista was the first to ask.
“That smells amazing,” Dhrel added.
“Where in the world did you find those?” Raylee asked.
“You just need to know where to look,” Gromthule replied.
When the large druid was finished cooking and had placed each of their servings on their plates he walked over to a pile of what looked like weeds.
“This is what the tops look like.  The roots are buried below.  We call these hunter’s potatoes.  Not really a potato but when you are out in the mountains they will substitute just fine.  Oh and you need to add some spices to them, their flavor is a little underwhelming compared to a domestic potato.”  The large druid looked pleased with himself.
“I was asking about the eggs, actually,” Raylee stated.  “I mean there are very few trees, where did you find these?”
“You need to look for piles of what look like dried grass.  The wild foul on this mountain build nests to hide themselves from predators.  If you haven’t noticed, there are more predators than prey here,” Gromthule explained.
“So you mean we could have bird meat for supper?” Kriista asked longingly.
“Oh yes, they are kind of hard to find but they are out there.  Look for the nests and the birds should be nearby.”  With that Gromthule ate his portion quickly.
“In a hurry?” Dhrel asked.  He was in no hurry at all, he wanted to savor every bite.
“Actually, with the new information Kriista provided, I will be heading back tonight,” the large druid stated.  “So as soon as you are done I’ll try to help you train.  Give you some things to practice.”
Kriista’s stomach sank.  She wanted to spend time with Gromthule.  But her vision was the reason Gromthule was leaving.  She would just have to spend as much time with Gromthule as she could before he left.
“Mind if I tag along?” Kriista asked.  “If you hadn’t heard, I have magic now.  True, I can’t really control it, but maybe I just need practice.”  Kriista smiled up at the large druid.
“I suppose,” Gromthule replied.  He had a hard time saying no to her.  “But we need to talk about your magic first.  For example, when did you learn about your magic?”
“Well, the first time was when Zorlen attacked us in the prison.  I just felt this uncontrollable energy building up and then released it at him.  I’m not really sure how I did it,” Kriista explained.
“So, had you used the key for visions before this?” Gromthule asked, looking very serious.
Kriista got the idea that Gromthule was not happy about her using the key.  She felt like she had done something wrong.
“Yes, why?” Kriista asked.
“The keys are dangerous, not just because they are addictive, they also change you.”  Gromthule paused, he didn’t want to hurt Kriista’s feelings but he needed her to understand.  “I’m not just talking about giving you magic.  They can turn you evil.  I just don’t want you to change into something like Lascar.”
“Lee has already warned me about that, I haven’t been using it much.  I don’t like the way it makes me feel.”  Kriista looked at her feet as she spoke, like a child who was being scolded.
“I didn’t mean to preach to you.  I just want you to take it slow.  Too much, too fast can hurt you as well,” the large druid said apologetically.
“Don’t worry Grom, I’ve warned her.  And she hasn’t been using it more than once every few days.”  Raylee felt like she needed to come to Kriista’s defense.  Her cousin was a very strong willed woman, except when it came to Gromthule.  Raylee could see how Kriista felt about him.  Gromthule was like the father she never knew.  It was obvious to her but not to the large druid.  Even Dhrel was oblivious to Kriista’s feelings for Gromthule.
“Ok, that’s good.  Please be careful.  I’m sure Raylee has told you what happened to her,” Gromthule added.  “Anyway, you are more than welcome to come.  I’ll be teaching Dhrel some advanced magic, but there is no reason you can’t learn something too.”
Dhrel put down his plate and stood up to follow Gromthule.
“Don’t worry guys, the non-magical person will do ALL the dishes.  You go have fun magicing and stuff,” Raylee said sarcastically.
“I can do them when we get back,” Kriista replied.
“No, no, I’m just kidding, Kris.  Go learn your magic.  I’ll finish the dishes and see if I can find some of those birds for lunch,” Raylee said with excitement.
“Oh, that sounds great,” the draelic queen agreed.  “Well, good luck, tomorrow I’ll help, maybe you can show me how to find them.”
“Sounds like a plan,” Raylee replied, then turned and headed off to rinse the dishes.
Kriista quickly ran after Dhrel and Gromthule.  She didn’t want to miss anything, now that she had magic, she needed to know how it worked.
When Kriista caught up to them, Dhrel and Gromthule were standing a few feet apart in a small clearing.
“Magic is a strange energy force,” Gromthule explained.  His voice was different than when he spoke to Kriista.  He sounded like a professor speaking to a class full of students.
“How is that?” Dhrel asked, very interested.
“Magic repels itself, but also in cases like yours, it attracts itself.  Not much different from the way magnets work.  Turn the magnets one way and they repel each other, another and they attract.”  Gromthule’s hands started to glow.  He held them up and aimed a light energy beam at Dhrel.  Dhrel was caught off guard but the beam was so weak that Dhrel absorbed it without trying.
“Warn a guy,” Dhrel complained.
“You should always be ready.  Lascar will not warn you,” Gromthule scolded.
Kriista stood back and snickered.  Watching her little brother get scolded by the large druid was a nice change of pace.
Gromthule saw her trying to stifle a laugh out of the corner of his eye and quickly shot another light energy beam at Kriista.  Kriista was not caught off guard like her brother.  Even though she held out her hands to try to stop it, she had no idea what she was doing and the beam knocked her on her butt in the dirt.
Gromthule laughed and Kriista’s face turned red with embarrassment.
“Next time try to imagine energy in your hands.  Force the beam to stop with your thoughts.  Magic isn’t like fighting, it’s all about your mind not your body.  The motion of your hands is just a motion.  It actually has nothing to do with magic, it just gives you something to focus your mind on,” the large druid explained.
“So, in theory, I could block magic without moving?  Shoot energy at someone without even raising my hands?” Kriista asked sincerely.  The embarrassment had faded and curiosity had taken its place.
“Actually yes, a really really good mage could use only his…or her mind,” Gromthule explained.  He was quite impressed with Kriista’s quick grasp of magical concepts, she was quite intelligent.
The large druid turned back to Dhrel.  “Now you shoot me.”
Dhrel’s eyes lit up with power and he aimed his hands at Gromthule.  “Hard or soft?  How much do you think you can take?”
Gromthule smiled mischievously.  “As hard as you can.”
Dhrel released a large beam at Gromthule and the druid quickly raised his hands deflecting the magic.  The beam shot off sideways, right at Kriista.  Kriista quickly raised her hands and this time concentrated on pushing the energy away.  When the magic hit her hands she pushed back with her mind and the beam went straight back toward Gromthule, hitting him in chest.  The large druid flew backward and landed on his back.
Kriista rushed over to him quickly, fearing she had seriously hurt him.  As she knelt over the large druid she noticed he was laughing.
“I didn’t expect you to catch on that quickly, now that was impressive,” the large druid laughed as he painfully got to his feet.  “You are a very good student.”
This time Kriista did not get embarrassed, she was too proud to care.  She had finally impressed Gromthule.
“Keep practicing and some day you will be quite powerful,” Gromthule exclaimed proudly.  “I think I see what’s going on here.”  The large druid had stopped laughing and became more serious.
“What do you mean?” Dhrel asked, feeling left out.
“Lascar has gotten you two all mixed up.  I noticed it earlier, but wasn’t quite sure,” Gromthule said with his hand to his chin.  He stroked his full beard deep in thought.
“Well are you gonna share this insight with us?” Kriista asked impatiently.
“Yes, sorry, trying to find the right way to say this,” the large druid relented.
“I think, well my thought is…,” Gromthule stuttered.
“What is it?” Dhrel asked impatiently as well.
“I think Lascar did this on purpose.  Yes, I’m sure he did this on purpose,” Gromthule said, still trying to sort it all out.
“What?” Kriista asked again, growing more impatient.
“Ok, so it’s like this,” Gromthule started.  “I think…that Lascar intentionally sent you two down the wrong path, so to speak.”
“What do you mean?” Dhrel asked, more concerned than impatient now.
“He made you feel like you were born to be a mage,” Gromthule said motioning to Dhrel.  “And you he trained to fight,” the large druid said looking at Kriista.  “But I think he wanted you to put all your efforts and training into something you were not that good at.”
“So, I could be a better fighter than Kris?” Dhrel asked confused.
“Yes, I think you take after your father,” Gromthule responded.  “You can absorb magic and redirect it, just like him.  And even with your small amount of training you can already nearly beat Raylee.”
“Wait, then who do I take after?” Kriista asked almost dreading the response.  She had always relished in the idea that she was like her father.
“I know you don’t want to hear this, but I think you take after your grandfather,” Gromthule said trying to soften the blow.
“No, that can’t be right,” Kriista said, not even believing her own words.  Somewhere deep inside she could feel it was the truth.  Dhrel, in the short time she had trained him, had nearly caught up to her in skill and speed.  Somehow she had already suspected this.  When she faced Kaelestra the thought had crossed her mind that she was powerful like Lascar.
“You know it is,” Gromthule said.
“But why?” Dhrel asked.  The thought that Lascar had tricked them made him angry.  Their evil grandfather had manipulated their lives so much, when would it end?
“To keep you off balance.  Keep you weaker than you could be.  He wants you to help with his plan and not be able to stop him,” Gromthule replied.
The words were not a shock to either of them.  In fact, they had both suspected as much, but hearing it said out loud made it real.
“So what do we do now?  We’re so far behind.  We’ve both been going in one direction and now we need to turn around and start over,” Kriista said, exasperated by the futility of it all.  No matter what they did, Lascar was always two or three steps ahead of them.  Even when they thought they knew what was going on, it was just another lie.
“Ha, you are not seeing the bigger picture here,” Gromthule said.  “He doesn’t know that you have it figured out.  You have an advantage if you can keep it that way.”
Kriista looked up at the large druid standing over her with hope in her eyes.  Gromthule was right.  This was an advantage.  Their previous training wasn’t wasted.  Kriista was still able to fight like few other people in the world and Dhrel still had magic.  And what made it better was Lascar didn’t know they had figured it out.
Dhrel still looked disheartened.  Gromthule could see that Kriista understood the opportunity this gave them but Dhrel didn’t.
“Dhrel?” Gromthule asked, trying to get the young king’s attention.
“Yes?” Dhrel replied, half-heartedly.
“You are already learning to fight.  Do you think you will just forget your magic?  Never use it again?” Gromthule asked.
“Well, no,” Dhrel replied reluctantly.
“Your father was probably the best fighter ever, but he also knew magic.  Maybe that is what made him the best fighter ever.”  Gromthule put his large hand on Dhrel’s shoulder.
Dhrel looked up at the large druid, half convinced.
“Do you really think I can be like him?” Dhrel asked, his spirits lifting.
“Well, to be honest, I was starting to worry that I had lost my edge.  You were catching up to me so fast, I was worried,” Kriista said, joining Gromthule in cheering up her brother.
“Seriously?  I thought you two were just patronizing me.  Making me feel better or something,” Dhrel said, feeling more confident.
“No, well maybe at first, but lately we’ve been struggling to give you a challenge,” Kriista responded.  “This is actually good news.  I was starting to feel pretty useless.  I mean if you can learn all that in three weeks of short morning training sessions.  Things that took me years to learn.  I mean, what use did you have for me?”
“Well where does that leave me?” Raylee asked, looking completely dejected.  She had snuck up on them while they were talking.  In one hand she had two dead birds by their necks and in the other she had three eggs grasped between her fingers.
“Oh ho, don’t go thinking we could do any of this without you.  You won’t get off that easy,” Kriista said turning to Raylee.
Kriista raised her hands above her head, fingers curled like she was going to pounce on Raylee.  “You brought lunch!  And it’s not dried pork!”  With a crazy smile on her face she leapt at her cousin.
“Wait!” Raylee yelled but it was too late.  Kriista landed on her and Raylee fell backward.
When the two of them hit the ground Kriista heard a cracking sound.  Not quite like breaking bones, much softer, then she realized what had made the sound.
“I couldn’t carry all the eggs in my hands.  I had five of them in my pockets,” Raylee said with disgust as Kriista struggled to get off her cousin.
Kriista quickly got up and looked down at Raylee, then at herself.  They were covered with crushed eggs.
Raylee wasn’t really mad at Kriista.  In fact, the silliness had actually lifted her spirits.  Even if she wasn’t as useful as Dhrel or Kriista, they were family.  Kriista, and to some extent, even Dhrel cared about her.  They wouldn’t just leave her.  But, she couldn’t let Kriista get away with crushing all the eggs without some kind of retribution.  She tried very hard to keep her face serious as she stood up and brushed the crushed egg off of her lap.  She wanted Kriista to feel a little guilt for crushing all the eggs.
“I think we have a volunteer to cook lunch, and do my laundry,” Raylee said, unable to keep a smile from forming.
“No, no!” Dhrel objected.  “There is no way I’m letting her cook those!  She can do your laundry, but I’ll be the one to cook those magnificent birds.”  Dhrel joined in the laughter.  Making fun of Kriista’s cooking had become a running joke for the three of them.
Gromthule stood back and watched.  He now felt like the outsider.  He wasn’t actually part of their family, and they were very much a family now.
Kriista noticed Gromthule standing by himself, deep in thought.  She wondered what he was thinking.  He seemed almost depressed, maybe angry at himself, she wasn’t quite sure.
“What’s wrong Grom?” Kriista asked.  Dhrel and Raylee quit laughing and turned to look at Gromthule as well.
“I…I have something I need to do,” Gromthule said breaking free of his thoughts.  “I will be back in a day or two, but there’s something very important I need to do.”
“What is it?” Raylee asked.
“I’ll explain everything when I get back,” Gromthule said as he turned, not giving them a chance to try and stop him.
“We’ll be here,” Kriista said, suddenly not in the mood to laugh anymore.  “Be safe!” She added as Gromthule walked out of sight.
Kriista turned back to her family and tried to hide her face by looking down, slightly embarrassed again.  It wasn’t bad that she cared for Gromthule like she did, it was just that she didn’t want everyone to know.
The three of them walked back toward their camp to start preparing lunch and clean up.
“No need to be embarrassed Kris,” Raylee whispered.  “I felt the same way about your father, nothing wrong with it.”
“I…” Kriista started.
“Don’t have to explain, and truthfully, Dhrel and Grom will never notice.  They’re just not that observant.”  Raylee stretched her arm up and put it on Kriista’s shoulder.  She wasn’t much shorter than Kriista, but it was enough to make it difficult.
“What are you two scheming about?” Dhrel asked playfully, looking back at them.
“Nothing,” Kriista said quietly.
“Just deciding how we’re gonna get you covered in eggs so we all match,” Raylee exclaimed, coming to Kriista’s rescue.
Kriista smiled at Raylee.  She really was the sister that Kriista never had.
“Oh come on, I really want to eat the few eggs we have left,” Dhrel complained.
“Fine fine, we’ll eat the eggs,” Raylee replied, giving Kriista another sly smile.

Chapter 16
Kaelestra sat by the camp fire pondering her situation in the moonlit night.  Although she thought the fog looked less dense tonight, she knew it was just her perception of it.  The fog was always the same, every night.  The one thing she knew she could count on was that there was always fog in Brizen and it was always the same.
She had snuck back into Xalla after fighting with Dhrel, Kriista and Raylee to retrieve the rest of her belongings.  Even though none of the ‘normal’ people in Xalla knew she was Kate, Lascar knew where she was so it was time for her to move on.  She had lived most of her life on the run from Lascar, moving from town to town, posing as one person or another.  All of this just to stay one step ahead of Lascar, but somehow the evil king always found her sooner or later.  Some day she would find a place to hide or someone to hide as and Lascar would never find her.  At least that is what she told herself.
Kaelestra was ripped from her daydreams by a rustling noise just outside of the light from the campfire.  It sounded like an animal at first then the sound grew heavier.  They were now humanoid footsteps.  A smile formed on her lips as she stood up to face her stalker.
“Hello father, you’re getting rusty in your old age,” Kaelestra said.
Narsol stepped out of the shadows, removing the hood that covered his face.  The robe he wore looked at least two or three sizes too big for the small man.
“To be fair I was old before you were born, daughter.  And I wanted you to hear me.  I don’t want to get my head blown off,” Narsol smiled a toothless hideous smile.
Kaelestra put her hands on her hips and cocked her head to the side slightly.
“Please get out of that form, you look…umm, disgusting, I guess is the best way to put it,” Kaelestra said, crinkling up her nose as if something stunk.
“That is the point,” Narsol said and soon he began to grow.  Swiftly the shrunken, ugly, hairless man started sprouting brownish red hair.  He grew over three feet taller and much more muscular.  Within a few moments Gromthule stood in front of Kaelestra, looking down at her with caring eyes.
“Much better!”  Kaelestra lept at her father, throwing her arms around the large druid’s neck.  “How I’ve missed you.”
“It has been over a hundred years,” Gromthule replied.
“And why has it been so long?  You could have found me, you could have come to visit me,” Kaelestra said letting go of her father’s neck and dropping to the ground.  She looked downward in an attempt to hide the tears in her eyes.
“You know I can’t do that.  If Lascar has someone follow me or someone sees me with you and it gets back to him somehow...”  Gromthule paused, realizing that his daughter was crying.  “Oh, sweetie, I’m doing this for you.  You’ve suffered enough for ten lifetimes.  I can’t let him get his hands on you again.”
“I know why you do it.”  Kaelestra turned her back on her father and tried to wipe the tears from her eyes.  “Doesn’t make it any easier.  And what about Drosal?  When will we ever get revenge for Drosal?”
“Soon,” Gromthule said softly.  “Your brother sacrificed himself so that Lascar wouldn’t kill you too.  We will not let his sacrifice go to waste by letting Lascar kill you as well.”
Kaelestra began crying again.  Even though it happened several hundred years ago, it still hurt like it was yesterday.
“You don’t understand, I turned him in to Lascar as a spy.  You don’t feel the guilt every day like I do.”  Kaelestra struggled to wipe the tears from her face but they just kept coming.
“You had no choice, you were caught.  Drosal picked the only option to keep one of you alive.  I am proud of him every day.”  Gromthule didn’t cry but Kaelestra could tell he wanted to.
“And how do you think that makes me feel?” Kaelestra asked with malice.
“I’m more proud of you,” Gromthule said calmly.  “He sacrificed himself to save his sister, an honorable act.  But you survived with Lascar for years.  You are the brave one.”
“When can we act?  I’m tired of running.  I’m tired of hiding.  I want to make him pay!” Kaelestra exclaimed.
“That’s why I’m here,” the large druid said as he sat down beside his daughter.  “Dhrel, Kriista and Raylee are the ones we have been waiting for.  They are on our side.  We need to let them in on our secret.”
“All of it?” Kaelestra asked in disbelief.
“Yes,” her father replied.
“But you’ve lied to them so much.  I attacked them in Lascar’s name.  Why would they trust us?”  Kaelestra still wasn’t sure this was a good idea.
“They will accept us or they won’t.  Raylee will take some convincing, but she is our blood.  She IS your granddaughter after all.  I’m sure I can get Kriista to listen to me.  Dhrel, on the other hand, will be the most difficult.”  Gromthule stood back up.  He liked to move while he spoke.  It made him feel strange to sit while discussing something so important.
“They will never trust me,” Kaelestra spat back, more mad at herself and her situation than her father.
“You don’t know them.  They are the nicest people I’ve met in hundreds of years.  They want to do good.  They want to kill Lascar.”  Gromthule paced, speaking and thinking at the same time.  “They might not accept us right away, it will take some time.  But they will realize that we want the same thing.”
“If you think it’s the best way, I’ll do whatever you need me to do.  Anything to escape HIM.”  The pure disgust and hatred that came from Kaelestra whenever she spoke of Lascar was not lost on her father.
“I swear, he won’t hurt you anymore.  We will make him pay, for your brother and what he did to you.  He won’t get away with this.  And his grandchildren are the ones who can help us do it.”  Gromthule sat down again.  His uneasiness at sitting was outweighed by his need to comfort his daughter.
“What is it you need me to do?”  Kaelestra braced herself.  These schemes were never simple and always involved some kind of deception.
“I would like you…”  Gromthule paused for a minute, what he was about to ask her was going to upset her.  “What I would like you to do is hide.  Go to Nefla and hide.”
Nefla was the third continent on their prison world.  It was by far the largest, nearly ten times as large as Brizen, and full of strange races.
“Hide!?!  You want me to hide!?!”  Kaelestra stood up, disgusted with her father’s request.
“Yes, sweetie, please.  You have done enough, more than anyone.  You’re fight is over.  It’s time for you to have a life.”  Gromthule stood up as well and took a step toward his daughter.  Immediately she turned her back on him.
“But we’re so close.  I want to see his face.  I want him to see me over his dying body.  He needs to pay!”  Kaelestra took a step away from her father and crossed her arms.
“You’ve done more than Kriista, Dhrel and Raylee combined.  The only one who could say they did more was Lastian.  And look where he is now.”  Gromthule spoke emphatically but kindly to his daughter.  He took a step closer to her hoping she wouldn’t pull away again.
Kaelestra turned around furious again.
“I could have been happy with him!  We could have been happy!  He also made me run and hide!  And, yes, look where he is now!”  Kaelestra was so angry her hands shook.  Purple energy surrounded her hands.  She swung at her father and hit him square in the chest, but Gromthule just stood there and took the beating.  He deserved it.
When Kaelestra was done Gromthule put his large hands under his daughter’s chin and spoke softly again.
“Lastian loved you.  We both knew Lascar was obsessed with you.  He couldn’t have Zephillia so he used you instead.”  Gromthule used his other hand to brush Kaelestra’s hair out of her eyes and kissed her on the forehead.
This calmed her a little, but not completely.  “Fine, I’ll run again.  But this is the last time.  I’m going to make a home there.  You come find me when it’s done.”  Kaelestra plopped back down on the ground and crossed her arms.  Gromthule thought she looked like a little kid again and smiled down at her.
“Thank you,” Gromthule said.  “This will be over, one way or another, very soon.”
“Yeah, I know.  Kriista and Dhrel, they are the ones he’s been waiting for.”  Kaelestra put her hands in her lap and looked down at the fire.  “They can put it together.”
“Yes, now is the time for you to get away, he won’t be looking for you.  He has way too much to worry about.  They are stronger than he would like.”  Gromthule knelt down beside his daughter.  “I really think they can beat him.”
Kaelestra turned to look at her father.  Gromthule could see the hatred for Lascar and the pure hopelessness in her eyes.
“Then you teach them, you tell them everything.  Help them win.”  The tears in Kaelestra’s eyes were nearly dried but the sadness was still evident.
“I will,” Gromthule said as he kissed her on the forehead one more time, then sat down beside her silently.

Chapter 17
Dhrel sat down beside Kriista.  It was early morning and they had just finished training.  Kriista was draining energy from the fire to recharge.  Their morning routine had changed since Gromthule left.  Now after training with Raylee, Dhrel and Kriista would practice magic while Raylee found the days food.
“You are getting better,” Dhrel said.
“Yes, but I have to try too hard.  You just fire off energy beams right and left while I have to concentrate for a few seconds.  That’s not gonna cut it,” Kriista said, disappointed in herself.
“You are getting faster.  It took me months to get good at it.  It’s just like fighting, eventually you stop thinking about it and just do it.”  Dhrel didn’t want his sister to give up.  She was almost as good as he was, she just had to concentrate harder to make her magic work.  “I want you to try something.”
“What’s that?’  Even though training was over, Kriista was desperate to learn more.
“Close your eyes and put your hands in the fire.”  Dhrel motioned to the camp fire that Kriista was slowly draining.
“Ok, if you say so.”  Kriista reluctantly shut her eyes and pushed her hands farther in to the fire.
“Now picture the fire in your mind.  The flames curling over your fingers.  Your fingers soaking up the energy.”  Dhrel put his hands on top of hers and pushed them farther in.  Then he moved around behind her and put his hands on her shoulders.  “I know you don’t feel the heat, but imagine it.  Feel the pure energy soaking into your hands.”
“Ok, I can do that, but what’s the point?” Kriista asked.
“Now pull the energy from the fire.  With your mind.  Absorb it all,” Dhrel said while rubbing her shoulders.
The massage felt comfortable and caring, helping Kriista to relax.  Kriista imagined all the energy from the fire and tried to absorb it all.  Suddenly there was a whoosh and the fire went out.
“What happened?” Kriista asked, confused.
“You did it!” Dhrel exclaimed.  “Took me months to get that to work.  You sucked all the energy away from the fire.  Without the heat the fire can’t keep burning.  That was good.  And it only took you a week.”
“That’s a good thing?” Kriista asked, she still didn’t understand the point of this exercise.
Dhrel bent down to relight the fire.  “You’re learning fast.  You’re a natural.”
Although Kriista could tell what her brother was trying to do, she didn’t think she could ever become that good.  Dhrel threw magic beams and energy balls with such ease.  
“It takes time,” Dhrel said when he realized that his sister was doubting herself again.
“We don’t have time,” Kriista rebutted.
“Yes we do.  We will do this on our time, not his,” Dhrel assured her.
“What if he comes for us?” Kriista asked.
“He needs us.  If you need more time, we’ll drag our feet until you’re ready.  So just concentrate on learning, don’t be in such a rush.”  The young king really believed what he was saying and Kriista could tell that it wasn’t just to make her feel better.
“Ok, what if Lascar comes tomorrow?  What do we do?” Kriista asked, testing her brother.
“So, let’s say he does come tomorrow.  And you don’t feel ready.  I’ll fight him by myself if I have to.  He won’t kill me.  Or you can help me.  He won’t kill you either.”  The young king seemed very sure about this.
“What if you’re wrong?  What if he only needs one of us?” the draelic queen asked.
“If I’m wrong it won’t matter anyway.  Concentrate on learning, don’t worry so much about the ‘what if’.  He is gonna come for us when he comes for us.  We can’t control that.  The more you concentrate on learning for the sake of learning, rather than learning as quickly as possible, the better off we’ll be.”  Dhrel finally got the fire lit and stood back up.
“What if...” Kriista started.
“No ‘what ifs’,” Dhrel scolded.  “Worry about controlling what we can control.  Enjoy learning magic.”
Kriista thought this sounded funny.  Enjoy?  How could she enjoy learning magic?  She had so little enjoyment since Elyse died.  Yes there were small spurts of good times, with Raylee, with Gromthule, and with Dhrel.  But to actually enjoy doing something?
“You’re worrying about ‘what if’ again aren’t you?” Dhrel asked.
“Actually no, I was trying to figure out how to enjoy something again,” Kriista said sadly.
“Good, that’s the way to go about it.  Quit worrying so much.  Lascar will come eventually, we can’t change that.  He needs us.  We’ll figure out what to do when he gets here.  For now just learn and have fun with it.  Magic is fun.”  Dhrel was just reemphasizing the same things but this time Kriista accepted it.
It was fun to throw energy around, she wasn’t ready to admit it to Dhrel yet, but it was fun.  It made her feel powerful, like she could decide what her life would be like now.  It felt like she could actually help people.  She didn’t feel as helpless, like she had for as long as she could remember.
Dhrel could see the slight smile creeping onto her face.  “There you go.  Have fun with it.”  Dhrel snapped his fingers and a tiny ball of blue energy formed and then exploded above his fingertips.  “Magic doesn’t always have to be so serious.”
Kriista could see what Dhrel was doing.  He was trying to get her to relax, and maybe that’s all she really needed to do.  Maybe she was trying to force the magic too much.  Kriista held out her hand and tried to imagine a small orb of energy floating above her palm.  For a few seconds an orb flickered in and out of existence, then disappeared.
“That’s what I’m talking about!” Dhrel exclaimed.
“That wasn’t very impressive,” Kriista said dejectedly.
“You are new to this.  And what’s more you just created a ball of energy out of nothing.”  Dhrel smiled down on her.
“I suppose you’re right.  I couldn’t have done that a week ago.”  Kriista’s spirits lifted as she realized how much progress she had made.
“Now you understand.  Don’t compare yourself to others, compare yourself to you.  You’ll learn it,” the young king reassured her.
Kriista turned her head to the tree line nearby.  She heard footsteps, soon after Dhrel heard them as well.  In a few moments Narsol stepped out of the outcropping of trees, followed by Kaelestra.
Immediately Kriista jumped up and readied herself for an attack.  Dhrel stood beside her, eyes glowing brightly.
“Wait!” Narsol said holding up his hands in surrender.  But this gesture meant nothing to Kriista and Dhrel, there was no way to disarm a mage.
“What do you want,” Kriista growled.
“We’re just here to talk,” Narsol answered.
“You killed our father, what could you possibly have to say that would matter,” Kriista spat at the ugly old man.
“I’m not sure what you saw in your ‘vision’, but I had nothing to do with your father’s death,” the old man said calmly.  Kaelestra stood behind her father with her hands together not saying a word.
How did Narsol know about her visions?  Were Lascar’s spies following them?  Kriista didn’t care anymore.  Narsol needed to pay for what he had done.
Kriista concentrated and then released an energy beam at Narsol.  The old man swiped his hand in front of himself and the beam was deflected sideways, exploding on a nearby tree.
“I don’t want to fight you,” Narsol said calmly.
Dhrel attacked next, throwing energy beams one after another.  Narsol held both hands up and blocked them all.
“Please, listen to my father, we want to help you,” Kaelestra begged.  She had no intention of fighting back either.
“Why should we listen to you?” Kriista spat back.
“You tried to kill Raylee,” Dhrel added.
“I would never kill my granddaughter,” Kaelestra responded.  “I had no choice.  Lascar ordered me to make you use your magic.  If I had disobeyed I would have been killed.”
Both Dhrel and Kriista stood there dumbfounded.  They had no response for this new piece of information.  From behind them Raylee walked up.  In their preoccupation neither of them had heard her footsteps.
“You’re my grandmother?  Sarthol’s mother?  The one that Lascar killed?”  Raylee looked even more confused than Dhrel or Kriista.
“Yes dear.  My death was faked,” Kaelestra responded.  She looked at her feet as though she was embarrassed.
“But why?” Raylee asked.
Narsol interrupted.  “It was Lastian’s idea actually,” the old man replied.
Kriista couldn’t take it anymore.  If magic wasn’t going to hurt him, she would use force.  She drew her sword and rushed at the old man.  As fast as she was, Narsol was even quicker.  In a flash, Narsol grew into Gromthule and caught Kriista by the wrist.
Kriista released the weapon and her body went limp with disbelief.  Gromthule released her wrist and she fell backward, catching herself with her hands as she hit the ground.
Dhrel’s eyes lit up with anger, the blue nearly covering the ground in front of him.  He felt betrayed and angry, he wanted Gromthule to pay for his deception.
Dhrel released all his energy at the large druid but it had no effect on him.  The druid just pushed the energy aside and it collided with a far off tree.  The large druid held up his hand and Dhrel was lifted off the ground, paralyzed.
“I have no intention of hurting you, I’m here to tell you the truth, about everything,” Gromthule said and then released Dhrel.
“How did you…”  Dhrel could not believe what had just happened.  He was immune to magic, he should have absorbed it.  How did Gromthule paralyze him?
“If I can do it, you better believe that Lascar can do worse,” Gromthule said still trying to remain calm.  “He’s playing you, all three of you.  You think you are so powerful because he wants you to think that way.  He wants you to be overconfident.”
Kriista still sat on the ground, leaning backward on her hands.  Her expression a mix of disbelief, disgust and sadness.  She could not believe what was happening.  The man she loved and trusted had been lying to her this whole time.
“I can see you don’t understand.  I want to explain if you will let me,” the large druid said softly to Kriista.  He held out his hand to help her up but she skittered backward as if she was afraid to touch him.
“You don’t understand.  We did this to protect you.  This was Lastian’s idea,” Kaelestra blurted out.  She could not stand by while they completely ignored the sacrifices her father had made to keep them safe.
Raylee was the only one to remain level headed.  She was much older and much wiser than the other two.  Slowly she walked up to Gromthule.
“So that would make you, my great grandfather?” Raylee asked with a smile creeping onto her face.  She knew exactly the kind of plans that Lastian had cooked up.  Plans that rivaled Lascar’s in complexity and deception.  This seemed just like one of his.
“Yes, my dear,” Gromthule said almost sad.  He turned to Kriista.  “Both my children were not killed.  But what happened next, it would have been a mercy if Lascar had killed her.”  Gromthule turned his gaze at his daughter who looked downward again.
Kriista looked up at Kaelestra.  She knew what cruelty Lascar was capable of.  Her heart went out to the woman and some of Kriista’s anger subsided.  Kriista was Lascar’s blood, she could only imagine the things Lascar would do to a woman he wasn’t related to.
Raylee stuck her hand down to Kriista and Kriista grabbed it.  Dhrel helped himself off the ground and slowly walked up beside them.
“So, tell us then.  The whole truth,” Raylee said.
“This story starts a very long time ago,” Gromthule began.  “Long before you were born.”  Kaelestra sat down on the ground.  She was tired, tired of running, tired of fighting, just plain tired of everything.  She wanted to sit and listen to one of her father’s stories.  She had to leave soon, no one there could hurt her as long as her father was around.  For the first time in centuries she felt safe.
Gromthule followed his daughter’s lead.  Soon Kriista and Raylee sat down across from them.  Finally, Dhrel gave in and sat down as well.

Chapter 18
“As you know, I’m very old.  Older than Lascar, the only one older than me that is left is Zephillia.  I have no idea how old she really is, but that is a different story.”  Gromthule shifted to get more comfortable.  They were finally listening to him, he didn’t want to get too far off topic.
“You also know that Lucian killed my first wife, Kae’s mother.  I was left with two young children to take care off.  Kae was six, her brother, Drosal, was eight.  I was bitter and angry with the situation so I helped Lascar defeat his father.  Also a story for another time.”
“Soon I began to realize the man I had helped was more evil than his father.  I had taken on the guise of Narsol to protect my children.  If something happened there would be no way for anyone, Lascar or Lucian, to trace anything back to my children.  I was about to just walk away from Narsol, give up the whole thing and head back to my children.  Then one day, I met Lascar’s son, Lastian.  He was about seven or eight, but the kindness he showed his subjects.  He was the prince of the known world, yet he cared about the people around him.  They weren’t slaves to him, they were people.”
“Lascar continued his reign of terror, killing, torturing everyone who didn’t see things his way.  I stayed on and taught Lastian magic.  Watched the boy grow into a man, a very good man.  But as I helped raise Lastian, I neglected my own son.  I saw Drosal and Kae about a week out of every month.  Kae dealt with this well, Drosal only grew more and more angry at Lascar.  Not only had Lascar’s family taken his mother, but Lascar had kept his father from him for most of his life.”  Gromthule looked at Kaelestra with adoration and Kaelestra looked down at the ground again.
“With every trip I would tell them about the evil king I served, what he had done, how I wished I could stop him.  I also told them about Lastian, the young man who should be ruling the world.  Drosal took all this and bottled it up inside.  I had no idea that this was making his hatred for Lascar’s family worse.”
“One day Drosal convinced Kae to follow him to Stone’s Rest.  He told her that they were going to visit me and meet this ‘boy who should be king’.  In truth Drosal wanted to assassinate Lascar.  Kae had no idea what her brother was getting her into.”
“I knew,” Kaelestra admitted with shame.
Gromthule stared at his daughter in disbelief.
“If we’re telling them everything, its time I told you everything as well.”  Kaelestra stared at her father with tears in her eyes.  “I knew perfectly well what Drosal was going to do.  I was young, thought I was a powerful mage.  Of course I wanted to help Drosal.  Remove the evil king and help the rightful ruler take the throne.”
“We snuck into the castle, disguised as guards.  Made our way to Lascar and that’s where they caught us.  Before we could even attack the evil king, his son, Lastian, noticed that we were not supposed to be there.  He had no idea what his father was like at the time, he was just protecting his father.”  Kaelestra looked up and smiled at Dhrel then turned to Kriista.  “I don’t blame him.  I shouldn’t have been there, your father was just doing what he thought was right.”
“Drosal whispered to me that I had to feign ignorance.  Basically he took the blame for the attack, claiming that I had no idea why we were there.  Lascar spared my life and killed my brother in front of me.  Then I spent years in the dungeon, being tortured, and…other things.”  Kaelestra didn’t have to spell it out, everyone there understood what Lascar had done to her.
“One day, Lastian freed me.  He had apparently not been told I was being held in the dungeon.  If it hadn’t been for me having Lascar’s son Sarthol, perhaps Lastian would have never found out that I was still alive down there.”  Kaelestra looked uncomfortable again, this was apparently a subject that was hard for her to talk about.
“Lastian didn’t just free me, he ran away with me, fell in love with me.  By this time he had come to realize what his father was like, really like.  We were happy for a few years.  Then Lascar came looking for us.  He had given his son time to ‘sew his wild oats’ as he put it and now it was time to return home.  Long story short, after a long battle Lastian agreed, on the condition that Lascar would never bother me again.  Lascar, of course, was not one to keep his word, so Lastian told me to hide.  And yet another man in my life sacrificed himself to keep me safe.”  Kaelestra looked at Kriista who also had tears in her eyes and smiled.
“So this is how Sarthol came to believe I was dead.  Lascar wasn’t about to admit that he made a deal for my safety to win Lastian’s loyalty.”  Kaelestra looked down again, ashamed for her part in everything.
“And now back to my story,” Gromthule said putting his hand on his daughters shoulder.
“I continued to pose as Narsol to help Lastian.  I believed then and still do believe that Lastian was the ruler Lascaria needed.  Over the years Lastian discovered Lascar’s plan for the keys.  Maybe Lascar let him find it, perhaps it was coincidence, we really don’t know.  Either way Lastian set out to find the keys, with the only one he could trust, Raylee.”  Gromthule motioned to Raylee and she sat up straighter, proud that Lastian had trusted her.
“And thus we arrive at the plan Lastian and I concocted.  We were to make sure that the keys were kept from Lascar, if anything happened to Lastian I was to watch over his children.  If anything happened to me, he was to watch over Kae.  With how my own grandson, Zorlen, turned out, I wasn’t sure I could trust you.  But as I got to know you, I realized that you were like Raylee and your father.  I apologize for keeping it a secret for so long.”  Gromthule didn’t look embarrassed, he didn’t even look apologetic.  The only thing he regretted was keeping it from them for so long, he didn’t regret anything else.
“I saw you help kill him,” Kriista said angrily.
“I’m not quite sure what you saw, but I never helped Lascar kill your father,” Gromthule responded, free of remorse.
“But I saw you steal the key from Lastian and put it in Meelaranda’s backpack,” Kriista continued.
“Oh, now I understand,” Gromthule said somberly.  “That was Lastian’s idea.  I’m not sure why the key would show you that.”  Gromthule paused for a minute, thinking.  “Either way, Lascar had found out, roughly, where Lastian was living.  So when Lascar spotted their camp he told me to go steal the key.  After sneaking out and warning Lastian about the plan, your father told me to trick Lascar by switching the key into Meelaranda’s pack.  Tell Lascar that I didn’t have enough time to get it out but that I moved it so it wouldn’t protect Lastian.  In reality Lastian never used his key, he didn’t need it.  He was as strong as Lascar without it.”
“But right after I saw an explosion,” Kriista prodded.
“I was getting to that,” Gromthule explained calmly.  “Lascar attacked and Lastian fought him off.  Lascar ran back to his camp with his tail between his legs.  It wasn’t until the next day that Lascar killed your father.  And I was already on my way back to Stone’s Rest at the time so I have no idea how he managed to do it.  It should not have been possible.  Lastian was as strong as Lascar and growing stronger.  Lascar had to have tricked him somehow.”
Kriista seemed satisfied with this but Dhrel wasn’t so easily swayed.
“So you want us to believe in this story of yours.  What proof do you have?” Dhrel asked.
“None,” Gromthule said matter-of-factly.
“This could all be just another lie.  Another deception.”  Dhrel stood up and looked down at his sister.  “How do we know this isn’t one of Lascar’s tricks?”
“Somehow I believe them,” Kriista said.
Dhrel looked at Raylee.
“Me too.  Some of this I was there for.  I know for a fact that some of it can’t possibly be a lie,” Raylee reassured Dhrel.  “Some of it I even heard directly from your father.  It all lines up with what Lastian told me.  Except the part about my grandmother, I was never told any of that.”
“I know it doesn’t help, but it was to protect you from Lascar,” Gromthule said.  “Lastian figured if you knew your grandmother was alive, you would search for her.  Put both of you in danger.”
“And he was probably right, I was stupid when I was younger.”  Raylee paused for a minute.  “Sometimes I’m still stupid when it comes to things like that.”
Kriista smiled at her cousin.  She knew exactly what Raylee meant.
“I still don’t trust it,” Dhrel said angrily.  “It’s all too easy, all too convenient.  It exonerates you from guilt because you can claim ‘your father said so’.  That doesn’t cut it for me.”
Kaelestra stood up and slowly walked to Dhrel, careful not to get too close.  She could see his anger.
“I hear you have the gift,” Kaelestra said kindly.
“What gift?” Dhrel spat back.
“Visions, seeing things from other people’s minds.  That gift.”  Kaelestra remained calm.
“Yeah, so what?”  Dhrel still didn’t see the point of this.
“I also have it.  Do you mind?”  Kaelestra lifted one hand toward Dhrel’s head.
“What are you doing?” Dhrel asked, taking a step back.
“You need to see it.  And I can show you.”  Kaelestra took a step forward again.
Raylee and Kriista looked on with interest.  Dhrel looked at them as if to ask them ‘Should I?’ but neither of them said a word.
“Fine,” Dhrel conceded.
Kaelestra placed her hand gently on Dhrel’s forehead.  “Close your eyes.  I’ve only ever done this with pure druids.  Could take a minute.”
Dhrel shut his eyes and images swirled by as if he was watching Kaelestra’s life in high speed.  Years flashed in seconds, he needed to slow it down so he could see if she was telling the truth.  Dhrel concentrated on the visions and started them again.  Over the next minute, Dhrel saw Kaelestra’s life.  From young child to current, in much more detail than he wanted.
Dhrel fell backward and caught himself with one hand before hitting the ground.
“I’m sorry, that was not what I wanted to show you.  I didn’t want you to see all of it.”  Kaelestra bent down and put her arm under Dhrel’s to help him stand back up.  “You somehow pulled all my memories, all of them.”
Dhrel looked into Kaelestra’s eyes.  He pitied her.  He knew the torture, the rapes, the cruelty that Lascar had inflicted on her.  He also knew the love she felt for Lastian.  And from her perspective he could see how Lastian treated her.  Kaelestra was his first love and he loved her enough to sacrifice his freedom for hers.
Dhrel took a step forward and Kaelestra flinched, afraid of what Dhrel was going to do.  But much to her surprise Dhrel put his arms around her and gave her a hug.
“You could have been my mother.  If this was a perfect world.  He really loved you,” Dhrel said overcome with the feelings that came from Kaelestra’s vision.
Dhrel released Kaelestra and then walked off, back toward the camp with his hand on his forehead.  What he had just seen would stay with him forever.  It would both haunt his nightmares and bring him joy.  One thing was certain.  He hated Lascar even more now.
Kaelestra turned to Kriista and Raylee.  “I’m very sorry, I didn’t know that was going to happen.”
Gromthule stood up and put his huge arm across Kaelestra’s small shoulders, being careful not to put too much weight on her.  “At least he believes you now.  He knows exactly who you are.”
“But I didn’t mean to hurt him, I just wanted to show him some of it.”  Kaelestra reached up and grabbed her father’s hand.
“I’m sure he knows exactly how you feel right now.  He’s not going to hold it against you,” Gromthule said kindly.
“What now?” Raylee asked.  She had seen a lot in her life and she had spent most of it with Lastian.  This did not surprise her as much as it did Dhrel and Kriista.
“Now we discuss the plan, when Dhrel recovers that is,” Gromthule replied.  Then he turned his gaze at his daughter.  “And it’s time for you to go.”
“So soon?”  Raylee was disappointed, she had just met her grandmother and now she was leaving.
“Yes, Lascar would like nothing more than to inflict more pain on her,” Gromthule said grimly.
“I see,” Kriista said, joining the conversation as she stood up.  “Then it was nice to meet you.  I hope we meet again someday.  Under better circumstances.”  Kriista was dazed, she had her mind open to Dhrel’s while Kaelestra was showing him the visions.  Although she didn’t experience everything the way that Dhrel had, the flood of emotions coming from Dhrel was intense.
Kaelestra looked at Kriista with new understanding.
“Brother and sister, like Drosal and myself.  You felt his emotions, didn’t you?” Kaelestra asked.
“Yes, and your father is right.  You can’t be with us when we face Lascar.  He will try his hardest to hurt you or possibly kill you, just for spite.”  Kriista looked at Kaelestra with the same pity that Dhrel had.
Kaelestra turned to Raylee to say goodbye but Raylee had no time for words.  She threw her arms around her grandmother and gave her a big hug.  When Raylee finally released Kaelestra she had a funny look on her face.
“So, you sure there isn’t something you want to tell me?  I’m your daughter?  Maybe Lastian was my father?  It’s possible right?” Raylee asked.
“No, I’m sure you’re Sarthol’s.  At least you are nothing like him.”  Kaelestra wasn’t sure if Raylee was serious or not.
“I’m kidding,” Raylee said elbowing Kriista in the side.  This made Kriista smile.  “At least my grandmother wasn’t insane or evil, or both.  Wouldn’t it be cool though?  Then I’d be your real sister.”  Raylee looked at Kriista.
“Sister, cousin, don’t think it matters much,” Gromthule added.
“S’pose your right,” Raylee agreed, then walked back to the camp.
“Where you heading?  If that’s not a secret,” Kriista asked.
“It’s not a secret from you.  I’m heading to Nefla.  Where in Nefla?  I’m not exactly sure.  Father will come find me when it’s over,” Kaelestra said, looking up at her father.
“Goodbye, Kaelestra,” Kriista said.
“Kae is fine,” she replied.
“Goodbye, Kae.”  Kriista then turned to follow Raylee
“Goodbye, father.  Be safe.”  Kaelestra stretched up on her tiptoes and kissed Gromthule on the cheek.
“I’ll find you as soon as I can,” Gromthule replied.
Gromthule stood and watched as Kaelestra walked off into the forest before joining the others at the camp.

Chapter 19
Kaelestra arrived back at her camp by nightfall.  She had planned on setting out for Nefla right away but had underestimate the time it would take her to return for her belongings.  The witch stared up at the foggy sky, the moon barely visible and sighed.
“Well, Kae, we’re on our own again,” Kaelestra said to herself.
Over the years she had gotten accustomed to being alone.  Frequently she was surrounded by people but she still felt like she was alone.  No one knew who she really was, where she was really from, or had any idea of what she actually looked like.  Thinking about this she was reminded of a few years she spent posing as a teenage girl.  The girl had died in an incident involving bandits.  Kaelestra happened upon the bandits as they were finishing with the girl.  She made the bandits beg for their lives before she removed their genitals and watched them bleed to death, screaming in agony.
The girl was blond, light skinned and obviously well off.  At first Kaelestra was just going to leave the girl’s dead body for a random traveler to discover, but after going through the girl’s belongings she found a note.
Dear mother and father,
Can you ever forgive me?  I realize now that running away was quite possibly the stupidest thing I’ve ever done.  Darnoth left me at the first town we came to, after taking my virginity.  Oh mother, if I had only listened to you.
Everything you said was true, he was only after sex and money.  He left me naked and broke.  I’m writing to you in the hopes that if I don’t make it home, somehow this note will make it back to you.
I’ve hitched a ride with some decent looking gentlemen and they said they will take me all the way home for free.  All I have to do is cook their meals while we travel.  You know I’m not the best cook but I think I can manage.
I hope I’ll be home soon and you will never have to read this note.

Love Kloe.

At first Kaelestra was just going to bring the note to the girl’s parents, but the trip was long.  The men Kloe had trusted made it one night before they raped the poor girl to death.  As the days went on Kaelestra began to feel, not for the girl, but for the parents she was going to break the news to.  In her opinion Kloe was a stupid girl, not that she deserved her fate, but stupid girls often end up the way Kloe did.  The poor girl’s parents didn’t need to suffer because their daughter was stupid.  They had done nothing to deserve the pain they were about to receive.
By the time Kaelestra had reached Kloe’s house she had made up her mind.  She would pose as Kloe for a while, give the girl’s parents some closure.  Maybe fake her death in a few months, in a manner that wasn’t so gruesome, meanwhile, giving Kloe’s parents the apology and respect that they deserved.
As the months when on Kaelestra had a hard time leaving these good people.  She had come to love them like family.  Kloe’s parents were the most kind and loving people she had ever stayed with.  Kaelestra’s first assumption was incorrect.  The couple wasn’t rich, they were middle class farmers, but they spoiled their only daughter.  Kaelestra couldn’t stand to break their hearts so the months soon turned to years.  After twenty some years the couple died from a sickness that plagued the small town they lived in.  Kaelestra was a druid so she was immune to this sickness and stayed on to take care of these kind people until they finally succumbed to it.  Of all the years she spent as other people, this was her fondest memory.  These kind people asked so little and gave her so much.
Kaelestra was ripped from her daydream by a noise in the dark night.  Someone was coming closer.  Not her father, the footsteps were not cautious enough.  It wasn’t her granddaughter, nor was it Lastian’s children.  The footsteps drew closer and for a second she thought it might be Lascar, but she couldn’t hear the robes scraping across the ground.  She knelt down watching the bushes in the direction of the footsteps.  Eventually Zorlen appeared from the bushes.
“Zorlen,” Kaelestra sighed with relief.
“Grandmother,” Zorlen responded.  His voice sounded cold and callus, but Kaelestra brushed it off.
“You had me worried, thought someone was coming to attack me.”  Kaelestra turned to her belongings and continued to pack.
“Going somewhere?” Zorlen asked coldly.
“Actually, yes.  I did what Lascar asked, so it’s time to move on.”  Kaelestra was starting to get a funny feeling.  Zorlen seemed even less friendly than usual.
“I have a message for you from Lascar,” Zorlen said.  His voice sounded less cold and more menacing now.
Kaelestra’s funny feeling turned to fear.  She wasn’t afraid of Zorlen, but Lascar might be nearby.  She stood up and turned to her grandson.
“What…”  Before she could finish Zorlen grabbed her by the throat, his black claws digging in to the skin of her neck.  Blood trickled down on to her shirt while she struggled to remove his hands.
“You have outlived your usefulness grandmother,” Zorlen sneered.  Zorlen’s eyes were black as the night, the campfire reflected in them like the moonlight on a still pond.
With ease Zorlen threw Kaelestra across the camp and into her belongings.  The witch tumbled over backward and tried to get her footing.  As she got up she held her throat, she could barely breathe.
“What?  Why?” Kaelestra struggled to ask.
Zorlen didn’t respond.  Instead he lept at Kaelestra and drew his sword.  He slashed at her head but missed his mark.  The sword cut across Kaelestra’s arm as she jumped out of the way.
Once Kaelestra had her footing she shot a beam of magic at Zorlen but the evil being he had become just waved its hand and the magic shot off into the distance.
“What did Lascar do to you?” Kaelestra begged in her gravelly voice.
“Father…I mean grandfather has set me free.”  The evil being smiled with sharp pointed teeth.  Zorlen’s skin was now changing into some sort of greyish black scales.  “He showed me how to become what I was meant to be.”
“Why did you call him father?” Kaelestra asked.  Her voice was becoming clearer as the wounds on her neck healed.
“I didn’t…I mean it was a mistake…that doesn’t matter.”  Zorlen was clearly confused by the question.  The confusion subsided and he leapt at Kaelestra again slicing wildly, this time catching nothing.
“You did, you called Lascar father.”  Kaelestra tried to antagonize him again.  Zorlen was very powerful now, though Kaelestra had no idea how he got that way.  She was barely able to dodge the sword attacks.  Fighting him was not the best option.
“IT DOESN’T MATTER!” Zorlen yelled and struck forward with his blade again.  This time he caught Kaelestra on the thigh, nearly cutting to the bone.
Kaelestra fought back, throwing another beam of energy at the creature.  This time Zorlen caught the beam and it dissipated on his hand.  Zorlen was getting frustrated.
“Stand still Kae!” Zorlen yelled.
“Why did you call me Kae?” Kaelestra asked, gaining confidence that something really strange was going on with Zorlen.  It wasn’t just his appearance, nor his incredible power, there was something more.
“I…I…”  Zorlen dropped his sword and put both hands on his head.  “STOP CONFUSING ME!”  Zorlen’s voice echoed through the still forest.
Zorlen suddenly put both hands out forward and stared at Kaelestra with his black eyes.  Kaelestra was lifted off the ground in great pain.
“I’m here to kill you grandmother, quit stalling,” the evil creature commanded.
“I would…never…do anything…to hurt you,” Kaelestra struggled.  The pain was incredible it felt as powerful as Lascar.
Zorlen released his grip on Kaelestra and again put his hands on his head.
“What is going on?  Where am I?” Zorlen asked.
Kaelestra wasn’t sure if she should run, fight or help the poor creature that was once her grandson.  She had a strange feeling that she needed to help him.  A creature this powerful should not be on Lascar’s side and clearly it hadn’t made up its mind which side it was on.
“How can I help you?” Kaelestra said calmly in a quiet voice.
“You can die!” Zorlen yelled and grabbed her throat again.
“Please, I’m on your side,” Kaelestra begged.
Zorlen released his grip on her throat and looked at her, confused.  As he stared at her, his eyes began to lose the blackness and turned light blue.
“Lastian?” Kaelestra asked.
“RUN!” Zorlen yelled at his grandmother and then turned and ran back in to the forest so quickly that all Kaelestra saw was a blur.
She wasn’t sure if it was Lastian but something in the way he looked at her was unmistakable.  Her next response was to run.  She quickly gathered up all her belongings and headed out.  She couldn’t wait until morning, she couldn’t wait one more second.  If Lascar somehow had gotten Lastian, or whatever the being was inside Zorlen, to obey him then she was as good as dead.  She thought of warning her father as she ran but soon decided he would be angry with her for not running.  Her father was one of the most powerful druids ever.  He would be fine.  However, if the creature changed its mind and came back, she would not be.

Chapter 20
Zorlen stumbled into Lascar’s camp, still confused by his encounter with Kaelestra.  His eyes pulsed between pitch black and light blue.  Zephillia was sitting by the camp fire warming her hands looking much improved from the last time he saw her.  Lascar was pacing behind her.
“Is it done?” Lascar asked impatiently.
“Kaelestra is gone,” Zorlen said quietly.
“Gone?  Is she dead or not?”  Lascar became more impatient.
Zorlen held his head then answered.  “Yes, she’s dead.”  Zorlen wasn’t sure why he had lied.  He could have told his grandfather that she escaped, not technically a lie.  Instead he chose to lie to protect Kaelestra, but he wasn’t exactly sure why.
“Good answer,” the whisper said.
“Good, now we can move on to the next phase.”  Lascar sat down by the camp fire then got back up.  He appeared drained and out of sorts.
“What’s wrong grandfather?” Zorlen asked, as he sat down across from Zephillia.
“I’ve given Zephillia a lot of energy, now I need to rest.”  Lascar turned and headed for his tent, then turned back to Zorlen.  “In the morning we will start the next phase.  Get some rest, I will need you at full strength.”
“Yes, grandfather,” Zorlen replied.  He then grabbed a bowl full of whatever kind of stew that Zephillia had made and started to eat.
“I was right, he’s going to kill us both.  He is just using us while he is weak,” Zephillia said quietly.  “When he gets his power back and his plan is finished he will have no use for us.”
Zorlen looked up at her, maybe she was right.  Lascar killed everyone eventually.
“She is right,” the voice in Zorlen’s head whispered.
“He is weak right now.  We need to attack now.  This will be our last chance.  Soon his plan will be complete and he will be unstoppable.”  Zephillia’s face looked evil and cruel, just like Lascar’s.
“Ok, how do we do this?” Zorlen asked.
“I’ll call him out here and talk to him, distract him.  Then I’ll attack when he least expects it.  You join in after I get him weakened,” Zephillia explained.
“Just let me know when to join in,” Zorlen acknowledged.
“You can’t trust her either, that’s not Zephillia,” the voice whispered again.
“Lascar!?” Zephillia yelled.  “I need to talk to you.”
Lascar slowly made his way out of the tent.  He looked extremely weak.  He was using his staff to hold himself up and his skin had turned a pale grey color.
“I need my rest, can this wait until morning?” Lascar asked.
“Actually, this is very important.  I need to tell you something,” Zephillia continued.
Lascar walked over by the campfire and sat next to Zephillia.  Zorlen took his empty bowl and spoon over to the wash basin with the other dishes while they spoke.
“You see I haven’t been completely forthcoming with you.”  Zephillia’s face took on an eerie look as she spoke.  From where Zorlen was standing it looked like her face was changing.  And as she spoke her voice got a pitch higher.
“I’m not Zephillia.”  The fake Zephillia stood up and held out her hands.  Beams of energy shot from both hands, hitting Lascar in the chest.  The evil king tumbled backward from the force of the attack.
“I thought you would have figured it out by now.  You always thought you were so smart.”  The fake Zephillia’s body now began to contort.  Her hair got longer and black while her body grew more womanly.  After her transformation she shot two more beams at Lascar.
Zorlen walked up beside the fake Zephillia, arm’s crossed.  He looked down on Lascar who appeared to be in great pain.
“Astrella!” Lascar said bitterly.
Astrella was Zephillia’s older sister.  Lascar and Astrella never liked each other.  The few times they had spoken they had argued.  Mostly their arguments were about Lascar not being good enough for Zephillia.
“Yes, you can’t even tell sisters apart,” Astrella spat back at him.  “I will find my sister without you and do what you failed to do.”  Astrella paused for a minute and looked at Zorlen.  “After you are dead.”  She nodded at Zorlen.  “Kill him.”
Claws formed on Zorlen’s hands again and his eyes turned pitch black.  The scales shot up his arms and covered them completely.  He took a step forward toward Lascar.
“Grandfather, I’m sorry,” Zorlen said.
“Why would you be sorry?  He was going…” Zephillia began then was silent as Zorlen thrust his hand into her chest.
“I’m sorry I didn’t realize sooner what she was up to,” Zorlen finished.
Lascar’s skin turned back to normal and he got to his feet with ease, clasping his hands behind his back.
“That’s ok, my boy.  It was just a test,” Lascar said calmly.
“A test for who?” Zorlen asked.
“Both of you.  I wanted to find out who she really was.  Also I wanted to see how you would react to a traitor.”  Lascar was quite pleased with himself.  He looked at Zorlen’s hand which still held Astrella’s heart.  “Take your prize, you deserve it.”
“Don’t you need the power?” Zorlen asked sincerely.
“No, that was all an act for her benefit.  I’m actually more powerful than I’ve ever been,” Lascar explained.  “My plan is almost finished.  Drain her power and let’s head out.  You will need all the power you can get, we’re going to attack them head on this time.  I’ll explain on the way.”
Zorlen stared at the heart in his hand, full of pride.  He had passed another of his grandfather’s tests.  Zorlen drained the power from Astrella’s heart and then grabbed his belongings and chased after his grandfather.  Perhaps Lascar was ready to share his plans now.
As he struggled to keep up with Lascar who was far too spry and energetic for a man his age, Zorlen started to wonder.  Was Astrella right?  Was Lascar going to kill him when this was all over?  His unquestioning loyalty to Lascar was beginning to wane, but why?  Lascar was still the same person, he had never hidden the fact that he was cruel.  It was Zorlen that was different.  Something had happened with Kaelestra and he wasn’t quite sure what it was.  He felt something strange inside himself, maybe the whisper was right.
While they walked on through the night Zorlen continued to argue with himself about Lascar’s plan.  Did he really want to kill Kriista, Dhrel and Raylee?  They were family.  Why couldn’t Lascar talk to them?  Maybe they would help if Lascar just explained and quit killing everyone.  Zorlen shook his head.  He needed to stop thinking like this.  This wasn’t him.  He enjoyed killing people.  He was just like Lascar.  This was what he wanted.  He needed to quit listening to the whisper.

Chapter 21
Gromthule had traveled for nearly a week with Raylee, Dhrel and Kriista.  Dhrel and Kriista were apprehensive at first, but as time went on they realized that Gromthule was still the same person he had always been.  His deception was not intended to harm them.  In fact, he was just doing as their father had wanted, trying to protect them.  With this realization things between them got back to normal.  Finally, as they neared the last town before the machine, Gromthule decided that they were comfortable enough with him that he could start their magic training again.
“Fretzl is only one more day from here, and the machine maybe a week or two after that,” Gromthule began.  “Now will probably be our last chance for you to learn a little more about magic, if you’re up for it.”
“Sure,” Kriista replied.  Dhrel nodded his head in agreement.
“Well,” Gromthule said as he stood up from the camp fire.  “Let me teach you about the three types of magic.”
“Three?” Dhrel questioned.
“Yes, first we have natural magic.”  Gromthule held out his hands and a green orb appeared above them.  “Natural magic uses the energy of the world.  Dhrel, this is the type of magic you use.  You draw energy from nature and use it.  It allows you to heal and protect yourself and others.  It can also be destructive, much like nature.”  Gromthule threw the energy orb at a nearby tree and it exploded, scarring the tree trunk.
“Then there is destruction magic.”  Gromthule pointed at Kriista.  “Your magic is more damaging than nature magic.  Although the two are very similar, destruction magic uses the energy around us.  I’ll try to say this as nicely as possible.  I don’t want you thinking that destruction magic is evil, but…”  Gromthule shifted.  He didn’t want to hurt Kriista’s feelings.  “Destruction magic uses the elemental forces around us to damage and destroy.”
“They sound very similar,” Dhrel interrupted.
“Because they are, the differences are slight but important.”  Gromthule looked at Kriista who was quiet.  “It doesn’t mean destruction is bad, just different,” he reassured her.
“So you’re saying I can’t heal people or protect them from harm?”  Kriista was sounding annoyed.
“No, you can’t heal.  But you can protect, just in a different way.”  Gromthule was afraid he was not explaining this very well.
“How’s that?”  Kriista’s annoyance was giving way to curiosity.
“For example you can’t put up a magic shield like Dhrel can.  And you can’t absorb magic.  But you can put up a dampening field to stop magic.”  Gromthule struggled, they sounded similar even to him.
“They still sound the same,” Kriista said.  “But I just can’t heal.”
“Like I said, they are very similar.  And for that reason people don’t really see them as different types, but they are different.  Knowing the differences will help you to defend against them.”  Gromthule struggled but at least Dhrel was starting to look like he understood.
“Wait, so if I put up a shield I can’t block destruction magic?” Dhrel asked.
“You can, it will just be less effective than if you block natural magic,” Gromthule replied.
“And destruction magic, I’m guessing, is more powerful?” Kriista asked.
“Not more powerful, more damaging.  That is an important distinction to make.”  Gromthule paced, he wasn’t quite sure he was getting his point across.  “Ok, let’s put this differently.  In a way you might understand.”
“Please, this is confusing,” Kriista pleaded.
“Say I shoot magic at both of you.  Dhrel puts up a shield and blocks it.  You put up a dampening field and block it.  It will take you more power to block it than it will take Dhrel because they are different types.  Also Dhrel will have an easier time absorbing my magic than he will absorbing yours.  He can still absorb yours, it will just be more difficult.”  Gromthule finally felt satisfied that he was getting somewhere.
“Ok, so is that why Kaelestra had an easy time deflecting my magic but got knocked on her butt by Kris’s?” Dhrel asked.
“Yes, I think you are getting it,” Gromthule replied.  “Also, and don’t take this wrong, but your sister’s magic is much more powerful than yours.”
Dhrel looked somewhat depressed.  He knew that Kriista was more powerful but having Gromthule say it out loud made it more real.  Kriista saw her brother’s sadness and jumped in to cheer him up.
“But you can kick my butt with a weapon now.  Feel proud about that,” Kriista said cheerfully.
“I wouldn’t say ‘kick your butt’.  I’ve won a few times,” Dhrel said dejected.
“You are also still learning,” Kriista responded.
“Yes, and you are still learning your magic,” Gromthule added.  “When it’s all said and done your abilities will be flipped.  Dhrel the expert fighter who has magic and Kriista the expert mage who can fight.”
Kriista smiled at her brother and he smiled back.
“Now the third kind.”  Gromthule’s expression turned grim.  “Death magic.  The magic used by the Guardians.”
“And the necromancers,” Dhrel interjected.
“Yes, and the necromancers.  Although, the necromancers barely have a grasp on the power of death magic.  They use it to raise the dead, animate skeletons, and cause deadly diseases.  True mastery of death magic allows the user to drain the life force of their enemy.”  Gromthule looked at each of them to reinforce the danger this type of magic possessed.
“So this type of magic is the most powerful?” Kriista asked.
“Most dangerous because of what it can do, yes, but no more powerful than the others.  You can still defend against it just as well as defending against another type of magic.  Just remember, because it is not your type of magic it will take more to defend against it,” Gromthule said grimly.
“This is Lascar’s type of magic?” Dhrel asked.
“Actually, that’s the scary part.  Lascar is different from any mage I’ve ever met.  And before I met Lascar I would have thought it impossible.  But Lascar can use all three types of magic.”  Gromthule paused to let it sink in.
“Do we even stand a chance?” Kriista asked.  The draelic queen looked as if she was ready to just give up.
“Actually I was getting to that.”  Gromthule turned to Dhrel.”  You see Dhrel has a very special gift.  Kae and I use natural magic and we’re not able to absorb magic like he can.  It takes a very special kind of nature mage to be able to do that.  Your father is the only other person I’ve known that could do that.  And then there is you.”  Gromthule looked at Kriista again.  “You are one of the strongest destruction mages I’ve ever seen.  I dare say you rival Lascar in power, you just lack the training.  This is why he never taught you to use magic.  Like Raylee’s child, Francis, he fears what you can do.”
“He killed Francis, why didn’t he just kill me?” Kriista asked.  This question had been plaguing her for quite a while.  Why did he feel the need to kill Francis?
“Back then he wasn’t ready to deal with someone as powerful as himself.  With his years, centuries, of training he feels he is ready.  Also, remember he tried to keep you in the dark about your powers.  He needs you but also fears what you can do.”  Gromthule looked back at Dhrel, wanting to reassure him as well.  “He also fears you.”
“Why?  My magic is not nearly as strong.”  Dhrel was now the one feeling useless.
“He wanted you to use your magic and neglect your fighting.  You are like your father, the only one who could ever stand up to him,” Gromthule reassured him.
“But father died in the end,” Dhrel responded.
“I’m still not quite sure how Lascar did that.”  Gromthule rubbed his chin, deep in thought.”  It doesn’t make sense.  The only thing I can think of is that Lascar somehow tricked Lastian.  There is no way that Lascar beat him one on one in a fair fight.  Of that I’m sure.”
Dhrel and Kriista thought to themselves silently.  This meant that they had a chance, a small one, but it wasn’t impossible.
“One more thing,” Gromthule said, breaking himself from his thoughts.  “Lascar had a mission for me…well for Narsol.  Do you still have your father’s journal?”  Gromthule asked.
“Yes, I always keep it nearby.”  Dhrel reached over and got the book out of his pack and held it out to Gromthule.
Gromthule grabbed the journal and set it on the ground away from Kriista and Dhrel.
“I’m not sure what’s going to happen so stand back,” Gromthule said as he took a few steps away from the journal.  “I’m supposed to hit the journal with as much magic as I can.”
Gromthule charged up as much energy as he could and then released it at the book on the ground.  The energy hit the journal and produced a blinding light.  After a few moments the three of them cautiously walked closer to the journal.  Across the face of the book, what they had assumed was a random decoration, an outline of what appeared to be a fork missing the middle tines was glowing brightly.
“The master key?!” Kriista exclaimed.
“We’ve had it the whole time!?” Dhrel yelled.
“This means that Lascar knew you had it.”  Gromthule was much more contained than the others.
Kriista and Dhrel grew quiet and just stared at each other.  Gromthule was right.  This was part of Lascar’s plan, he was never searching for the master key.  He knew they had it all along.
“What does this mean?” Kriista asked, completely confused.
“I don’t understand.”  Dhrel was just as confused.
Gromthule bent down to grab the book and he was thrown backward.  After a few seconds he got his bearings and stood up again.
“I think it’s protected.  He can’t get it out of the book,” Gromthule stated.
“There it is, that’s why he needs us,” Kriista said angrily.  “He needs us to get it out of the book.  Maybe we should just leave it there.”
“No, he will just get someone else to take it out,” Dhrel replied.  “Remember we’re going to use this to turn off the machine.  Remove all magic from the world.”
Gromthule stood silently.  He wasn’t sure how he felt about losing all his magic.
“Then see if you can grab it,” Kriista said motioning to the book.
Dhrel bent down and grabbed the master key on the cover.  The pain was incredible but he pushed back with as much magic as he could.  It felt like grabbing a red hot iron right out of a blacksmiths forge.  Dhrel pulled with one hand while bracing against the book with the other but the master key didn’t move.  Soon the pain got to be too much and he released his hold.
“It won’t budge!” Dhrel exclaimed.  He sounded like he had just sprinted for a mile.
Kriista slowly moved her hand toward the book, but quickly retracted it as sparks shot out.
“I don’t think I’ll have any better luck than Grom.  Maybe you’re doing it wrong?  Father wanted you and only you to get it, right?” Kriista asked.
“Maybe.  Who knows?” Dhrel asked exasperated.
“Well maybe instead of trying to force it out of the book.  Drain the magic holding it there.”  Kriista crossed her arms and looked very much like a big sister instructing her little brother.
“Of course,” Dhrel responded.  “Father must have known I was like him.  But if I’m the only one that can remove it, maybe Kris is right and we ‘should’ just leave it.”
“He will get someone else or force you to do it eventually,” Gromthule said.  “Maybe removing all magic is the best solution.”  Gromthule was saddened at the prospect of losing his magic, but his choices were limited.  Lascar would eventually kill them all, this was the only solution.
“Ok,” Dhrel relented.  The young king readied himself and grabbed the master key again.  This time instead of pushing with his mind he pulled, trying to absorb as much magic from the key as he could.  At first he felt the master key pull back, it wanted to stay where it was.  However, in a few moments he felt the key waiver then release.  As soon as he removed the key Dhrel began to feel the anger rising again.  He felt the hatred overtake him.  Gromthule had lied to him, Lascar had manipulated them.  Dhrel wanted revenge on all of them.  Then Dhrel turned to Kriista.  He wanted to hate her.  The anger inside him struggled to find a reason to hate her but Kriista had never done anything to him.  Kriista was always on his side.  Kriista would never hurt him or betray him.  The sight of his sister was enough to break the keys hold and Dhrel dropped the master key.
“I…I can’t hold that thing.”  Dhrel fell on his hands and knees beside the master key.  “I can’t control it.”
Gromthule tore off part of his robe and used it to pick up the key.  Then he wrapped the hilt of the key several times before handing it to Kriista.
“There that should make it easier to handle,” Gromthule said.
Kriista stared at the master key a moment then put it inside a small leather sack.
“We’ll just leave it in there until we figure out how to use it,” Kriista stated.
“Good idea,” Gromthule agreed.  Looking passed Kriista, he noticed Raylee returning with what appeared to be a large goose.  “I think breakfast is here anyway.”

Chapter 22
By nightfall of the next day Gromthule, Raylee, Kriista and Dhrel had reached the small town of Fretzl.  Fretzl was more of an outpost than a town, containing only one tavern and a small store that was already closed for the evening.  Walking down the dimly lit streets it seemed that the town had closed up for the night.  The only light visible, other than the dim moonlight, was the one coming from the tavern.
Raylee was the first to walk through the door.  Kriista envied Raylee, it seemed that her cousin had no fear.  The prisoner queen didn’t even hesitate for a second, she walked right through the tavern doors and up to an empty table.  Raylee had never been here, nor had she even heard of this town.  How could she be so fearless?  Kriista scoured the room as she took a seat beside Raylee.  Dhrel and Gromthule, also cautious, took two seats from a neighboring table and moved them to their table.
“Four house ales, please!” Raylee yelled as she lifted her hand in the air to get the waitress’s attention.
The waitress nodded and grabbed four mugs from behind the counter.  While the waitress filled their mugs, Raylee scooted closer to Gromthule.
“What do you know about this town?” Raylee asked loudly.
“It is the most northern town in Brizen…” Gromthule began.
“I was under the impression that Xalla, was,” Raylee interrupted, again slightly too loud.
“Well, that’s what most people think,” Gromthule said, slightly annoyed at Raylee’s volume and interruption.  “Very few people actually make it this far north.”
Kriista scoured the room again and noticed that everyone was wearing long sleeve shirts, and thick pants.  Some patrons even had on their thick fur coats.  Maybe this is why people rarely ventured this far north, it was extremely cold.
“It is a bit chilly I suppose,” Raylee concluded, lifting her hand to take the mug from the waitress.
“Do you know a place where we could stay for the night?” Dhrel asked as he flipped a couple silvers onto the waitress’s tray.
“There’s an inn on the west road, at the edge of town,” the waitress said and quickly turned around.  It didn’t look like she appreciated strangers.
“I’m guessing they don’t get visitors much?” Raylee blurted out.
“Not so loud,” Gromthule scolded.
“Seriously?  You’ve known me for how long?  When am I ever quiet?” Raylee asked with a laugh.  She lifted her mug and took a long drink.  Afterward she raised the mug in the air and motioned for the waitress again.
Gromthule grumbled under his breath.  “Doesn’t mean I’ll ever get used to it.”
Kriista smiled and drank her ale.  She wanted to be more like Raylee, more carefree.
Raylee’s attitude was apparently contagious because Dhrel looked around the room and then leaned in toward Kriista.  “I think that girl is checking you out, Kris.”
“Oooo,” Raylee mocked.
“Actually she’s looking at Grom, not me,” Kriista said matter-of-factly.
Gromthule turned cautiously until he realized that he recognized the woman.  When the woman realized that it really was Gromthule she started toward them.
“Oh this is gonna be bad,” Gromthule whispered causing Raylee to giggle.
“Hreatha!” Raylee yelled.
The woman appeared to be in her late thirties, maybe early forties and quite beautiful.  Her attire suggested that she was a hunter.  Leather pants and a leather jacket with fur lined hood.  Underneath the leather jacket Hreatha had on a fine linen shirt with only half the buttons done up.  Hreatha was a sturdy woman with a well-endowed chest, both Dhrel and Kriista couldn’t help but stare.  She was quite possibly one of the most beautiful women they had seen in long time.
“I thought you’d never been here before?” Kriista asked after she was able to quit staring.
“Oh, Hreatha is from Katzack.”  Raylee turned back to the beautiful huntress.  “Much game up this far?”
Dhrel didn’t understand the question.  There were no large game up this high.  They were lucky to see one bear in the last two weeks and bears weren’t exactly game.
“Yeah, got three sisters holding up in the rocks out here somewhere.  Hate the cold, but the reward is large.  These are some of the higher ups in their ranks.”  Hreatha spoke roughly, a sharp contrast to her appearance.  Hreatha turned her gaze toward Gromthule.  “So, what’re you doing with Lee?”
“Just helping her find something,” Gromthule muttered.  It was obvious that he didn’t care for Hreatha, or maybe she just annoyed him.
“And your friends?” the huntress said motioning toward Kriista and Dhrel.
“My cousins, Kriista and Dhrel.”  Raylee grabbed the second mug from the waitress and drank it all in one gulp.  “One more, dear,” Raylee said as she tossed a silver coin to waitress.
“Yes, ma’am,” the waitress responded.  She was much less brusque after she realized that these visitors had coin to pay for drinks.  Talking with Hreatha probably didn’t hurt anything either.
“So are they like you?” Hreatha whispered.
“Yes,” Raylee replied.  She didn’t want to go into detail explaining that they were in fact much more powerful than her so she just left it at yes.
“I’m gonna have to cut this short, lizards are easier to catch at night, but if you ever need anything, look me up,” Hreatha said.  Before leaving she brushed against Gromthule and said quietly.  “If you get lonely, I’ll be out on the mountain all by myself.”  Hreatha smiled and winked at Raylee.  Hreatha knew that Gromthule had no interest in her, perhaps even disliked her, but she enjoyed making the large druid uncomfortable.
“Are you crazy Grom?  She’s beautiful.”  Kriista was the first to speak up.
“Before you start, Hreatha isn’t serious.  She just likes to annoy me,” Gromthule said begrudgingly.
“To be honest I think she had eyes for you Dhrel,” Raylee smirked.
“Well why didn’t she say anything?”  Dhrel’s smile was nearly as wide as his face.
“She was on the job, if not, she might have,” Raylee reached across the table and took the third mug from the waitress, slipping her two silver coins.  When she sat back down she gulped it down as well.  “Oh yes, you two don’t know.”  Raylee’s speech was beginning to slur.  “Hreatha is…was…is…Kaelysa’s sister.”
“She’s a druid?” Kriista asked.
“Yepper, Gromses shister-in-law, shorta,” Raylee said.
“Does she know about Kaelysa?” Dhrel asked, sounding more serious.
“Yes, I found her first when I came to Brizen,” Gromthule replied.
“How did she take it?” Dhrel asked.
“She understands.  She has had dealings with Lascar before.  Strangely, it was the nicest conversation I’ve ever had with her.”  Gromthule stared into his ale, which was still half full.
“Shezez shmart enough to relizzze that shezez not shtrong enough to fight grandfazzer,” Raylee stumbled.
“You should probably let me explain,” Gromthule said.
“Yepper, I’b not habbed dat manys drinkz inz a log tibe,” Raylee mumbled.
“Hreatha avoids Lascar.  That’s why she was out of here so quickly.  Job or not she would have stuck around, if for no other reason than to antagonize me.  But three of Lascar’s grandkids in the same place.  She didn’t want to tempt fate.  Her and I just don’t get along, has nothing to do with Kaelysa.  I’ve actually known Hreatha longer than I knew Kaelysa.  We’ve just never gotten along well.”  Gromthule drank the rest of his ale and threw a handful of coppers on the table for a tip.
“We should probably get Raylee to bed,” Kriista said, drinking the last of her ale.  She started to get up from the table when she noticed Dhrel’s blank stare.  “What is it?” she asked frantically.
“Something is coming,” Dhrel said.
“Lascar?” Kriista asked.
“No, something else.”  Dhrel looked around trying to figure out what he was sensing.  “Hatred, desire to kill.  It’s just raw emotions, a lot of them.”
Kriista forgot about Raylee and started toward the doors.  Before she got there she heard screams coming from outside.  She turned and motioned for Dhrel and Gromthule to follow then picked up speed and ran out the doors.
Houses were on fire, people running through the streets.  Suddenly, a creature came running right toward them.  It almost looked human but brown, naked and running on all fours.  When the creature got closer it raised its head and screamed.  The scream was horrible, like a person being lit on fire and it made Kriista cringe.  The eyes were red and the face rotted.  In its mouth were rows of small sharp teeth.  It almost looked to Kriista like the master but smaller and brown.
“Ghouls!” Gromthule yelled and threw an energy beam at the ghoul causing it to explode.
Dhrel looked out, his eyes adjusting to the light from the fires.  He could make out twenty maybe thirty ghouls running around the town, destroying houses, attacking people, eating them.
“We need to kill them!” Gromthule yelled again.  “Split up!”
Raylee came out of the tavern, staff in hand.  Her drunkenness forgotten, adrenaline taking its place.  She threw the staff to the side and yelled at Kriista.  “One of your swords!  Rola wood won’t do anything to these things!  You have to remove their head!”
Quickly Kriista threw one of her swords to Raylee and drew the other for herself.  One after another they sliced through the ghouls but for every one they killed another would take its place.  The ghouls were attacking in pairs, sometimes three at a time.  It was almost like they had some primal intelligence, one would distract while the other got in a hit.  Raylee started to wear out first, the ghouls’ poison taking its toll on her.  Dhrel was next then Gromthule.
When only Kriista remained standing the ghouls quit rushing them.  The remaining ghouls formed a circle around Kriista.  Then the ghouls parted and Lascar walked through.
Lascar looked different to Kriista.  His old wrinkled skin had turned young.  He no longer wore his drab brown robes, instead donning his master’s robes.  Lascar looked at his granddaughter with contempt and arrogance.
“I figured Dhrel would last the longest, strange,” Lascar said snidely.  “You continue to surprise me.”
Kriista tried to keep standing but the ghoul poison was starting to wear her down as well.
“Get on with it!  What do you want?!”  Kriista yelled.
“What do I want?  Hmm, perhaps the master key?  I assume you found it.”  Lascar was toying with Kriista.
Kriista needed to do something.  Lascar couldn’t get his hands on the master key.  It was in Raylee’s backpack, maybe thirty feet from her evil grandfather.  She needed to do something quickly.
“You’ve lost, just give it up.  And the other keys.  Then I’ll be on my way.”  Lascar grasped his hands behind his back and stared at Kriista.  Kriista was feeling strange.  The ghoul poison was blurring her vision.  She felt like she was going to pass out at any second.
Lascar held up his hand and Kriista could feel the pain shoot through her body.  Familiar pain, she had felt this many times before.  Every nerve was on fire but strangely the pain was clearing her head.  Kriista could feel the energy inside herself again, building up.  She had the power to fight back.  Why was she using a sword?  Kriista dropped the sword and held her hand up.  The pain stopped.
“Getting stronger I see,” Lascar sneered.
“You have no idea,” Kriista spat back.
Kriista put her hands in the air and then quickly pushed her hands down toward the ground.  A ring of destructive energy radiated outward from her, disintegrating the ghouls.
“Impressive,” Lascar commented.  Then he held out both hands and shot a beam of energy at her.  Kriista deflected the beam and then shot back one of her own.  The beam hit Lascar in the chest and he fell backward.
“More powerful by the day,” Lascar said as he got to his feet.
Lascar threw another beam at Kriista but she easily deflected it, throwing dirt in the air where it hit the ground.
Kriista concentrated, pushing all her energy out through her hands.  Again the beam collided with Lascar’s chest and he was thrown backward, smashing into a house behind him.
Zorlen appeared out of nowhere and picked up Lascar with one hand and shot a beam of energy with the other.  Kriista held out her hand to stop it but she was caught off-guard and the force knocked her backward.  By the time she got to her feet Lascar and Zorlen were gone.  On the ground where Lascar had fallen there was one key, the key they were missing.
“Lascar dropped his key!” Kriista exclaimed, but soon realized that she was talking to no one.  Everyone else was lying unconscious from the ghoul poison.
Kriista quickly scooped up the key using a piece of wood, careful not to touch it.  Then after placing the key in Raylee’s backpack she carried each of them to the inn that Hreatha had mentioned.  Somehow the inn had survived the attack with only minor damage.  The innkeeper was pleased to let them stay after Kriista gave him a whole gold piece for his trouble.

Chapter 23
Dhrel was the first to wake from the poison’s effect, Raylee and Gromthule only minutes after.  Within a few moments of waking they were all asking what had happened, so Kriista explained.
“He did it again.  He knocked out all but one of us.  I think it was another test or something.”  Kriista was getting annoyed.  Lascar didn’t change tactics, he did nearly the same thing every time and there was nothing she could do about it.
“How could it be a test?” Dhrel asked.  His head was still foggy from the poison.  “I know that’s what he does every time but what is the point?  He always loses.”
“Yes, he ‘always’ loses,” Kriista reiterated.  “Don’t you think that it’s kinda suspicious?  I mean he disables all but one of us easily and somehow he still loses.  We have all the keys and the master key now.  I don’t wanna look a gift horse in the mouth but it just seems too convenient.”
“I see your point,” Gromthule agreed.
The combination of ale and ghoul poison left Raylee feeling sick to her stomach as well as groggy.
“I’m so not used to this.”  Raylee tried to stand up but quickly sat back down.  “We don’t get sick.”
Kriista smiled at her caringly.
“But, yes, I see your point,” Raylee added.  “I just don’t see what he gains.”
“He did seem weaker than normal.  Maybe he really was trying to get the master key.  He seemed genuinely surprised when I knocked him on his butt.  Then Zorlen saved him.”  Kriista crossed her arms over her chest, deep in thought.  It still seemed too easy.
“Feeding Zephillia so much energy, maybe it’s taking its toll on him,” Gromthule pondered.
“Maybe,” Kriista agreed.
“Either way we have all the keys and the master key,” Dhrel added.  “We just have to figure out how to put them together.”
“Somehow, I don’t think that will be a problem,” Gromthule said pulling the master key from Raylee’s backpack.  Gromthule had used a cloth to cover his hand so that his skin did not directly touch the key.  The key that Kriista had put in with it had attached itself to the tines on the master key.  Gromthule carefully placed the master key on the small table near the beds.
Kriista reached into her pocket and grabbed one of the keys she had stolen from Zorlen.  After carefully unwrapping it she held it close to the master key.  The key flew out of her hand and attached itself to the master key right on top of Lascar’s key.  Dhrel quickly got out the key that he was in charge of and did the same, the key reacted just like the others.  Finally Raylee and Kriista brought their keys over and then all the keys were attached to the master key.
“Now all we have to do is keep this from Lascar until we get to the machine,” Dhrel said.
“We need to move quickly.  We’ll take one day to rest, Lascar is probably doing the same.  Then we will head out at full speed for the machine,” Kriista said.
“Two weeks, we just have to keep it from him for two weeks,” Raylee said, her head still spinning.  “I think that rest sounds like a good idea.”  Raylee flopped backward on to the bed.
“Get some sleep, Lee,” Kriista said kindly, pushing Raylee’s hair from her eyes.  Then Kriista went to her own bed and laid down.  With the fight over her adrenaline was fading.  She was amazed at how tired she really was.  Maybe the ghoul poison was finally taking hold.  Within seconds she was fast asleep.
Dhrel whispered quietly to Gromthule.  “Do you think Lascar planned it to turn out this way?”
“Yes,” Gromthule replied.  “Kriista is right, we have all the keys and it was way too easy.  He wanted you to combine them.  But what is next?  I have no idea.”
Dhrel was satisfied with this answer, he leaned back and looked up at the ceiling from his bed.  What did Lascar have planned next?  It seemed like no matter how hard they tried, they ended up doing exactly what Lascar wanted.  Unlike his sister and cousin, he didn’t fall asleep quickly, his mind was working way too hard trying to figure out Lascars plan.  After an hour or so Dhrel finally gave in and let himself fall asleep, no closer to figuring out what Lascar was doing.

Chapter 24
Lascar looked at Zorlen across the camp fire.  His grandson had turned out to be the only one he could trust.  Zorlen’s power grew by the day, soon he would be able to take on all three of his other grandchildren, maybe even the annoying druid.  His plan was coming together, it wouldn’t be long now and he would have everything.  The only thing missing, the one thing that he hadn’t counted on was Astrella.  Where could Zephillia’s real heart stone be?  Perhaps one of his other grandchildren knew.  If it wasn’t for this, he might have killed at least some of them back at Fretzl.  In the end, Lascar was nothing if not patient.  The time would come for them to die but first they needed to complete their part of the plan and tell him where Zephillia’s heart stone was.
“Did I do something wrong, grandfather?” Zorlen asked.  Lascar’s stares were concerning him.
“No, actually, I am quite proud of you.  I trusted you with an important part of my plan and you didn’t disappoint me.  You swallowed your hatred for Kriista and did as I asked.”  Lascar smiled at his grandson.
“I don’t claim to understand the reasoning behind it, but I’m sure you know what you are doing.”  Zorlen looked down at his food.
“Smart boy,” Lascar commended.  “When this is all over, you will be my right hand.  You will rule everything.”
Zorlen felt pride for a moment, then the whispers started again.  Why did he want to rule the world?  What was the point of it?  There was no reason to kill his sister, his cousins.  He could sneak away in the middle of the night, hide like his father, maybe have a family.  He had never found a woman he wanted but maybe, somewhere out there, there was a woman who could make him happy.
“No, Zorlen,” he thought to himself.  “You want to help Lascar.  This is what you have always wanted.  Power!”
“What good is power if you are alone?” the whisper asked him.
“What good is being with someone if anyone can take them away from you?” Zorlen answered himself.  “Power is what I want!”
“Are you sure?  Your sister never did anything to hurt you.  Do you really want to kill your closest relative?  She might forgive you.  They all might forgive you.”  The whisper was convincing but Zorlen didn’t want to hear it.
“What reason do they have to forgive me?  I’ve done nothing but hurt them and try to kill them.  They would never trust me.”  Zorlen pondered this for a second.  Would he prefer to be on their side?
“So you do long for their approval.  If they forgave you and took you in, you’d be happy, wouldn’t you?”  The whisper sounded so conceited and this made Zorlen angry.
“NO!  I will not turn against Lascar.”  Zorlen was getting angrier.
“What’s wrong Zorlen?” Lascar asked.  “Worried about facing them again?  You are much stronger now.  They won’t be much of a threat to you.”
“He thinks you’re worried about fighting them.  HA HA HA!”  The whisper’s laugh was driving Zorlen crazy but he needed to answer his grandfather.
“I think I’m just tired.  Astrella’s energy was a lot to absorb.  Will take some getting used to,” Zorlen replied.
“She was very powerful but in a day or two you will be able to use that power.  You will be unstoppable,” Lascar said with pride.
“But never as strong as him.  He won’t let you get that strong,” the whisper said.
“Will I ever be as strong as you?” Zorlen asked without realizing that he had done exactly what the whisper wanted.
“Strange question,” Lascar said suspiciously.
“I just want to do more.  I want you to be able to count on me,” Zorlen quickly covered for his mistake.
“He will never count on you!  Even when you think he counts on you he will be scheming to stab you in the back!”  The whisper was getting louder.
“I count on you already.  And even though you might never be as strong as I am, you will be stronger than everyone else.”  Lascar stared at Zorlen waiting to judge his answer.
“Good, that’s all I need,” Zorlen said, again trying to cover for the question he never meant to ask.
“Smart, don’t let him know what you are planning,” the whisper teased.
“I’m not planning anything,” Zorlen replied to himself.
“Good, good, keep telling yourself that.  Makes it easier to lie to Lascar.”  Then the whisper was quiet.
“I’m gonna get some sleep,” Zorlen said as he got up and put his dishes in the basin.
Lascar was mostly satisfied with Zorlen’s answer, but just to be sure he needed to keep an eye on Zorlen.
When Zorlen turned away from Lascar his eyes started to glow bright blue.
“Remember, father is evil.  He will kill you as soon as he has no use for you.  Kriista, Dhrel and Raylee, they will accept you if you help them,” the whisper said.
Zorlen was tired of arguing with himself, he let the whisper drone on without responding.  He just wanted to sleep.  While Zorlen drifted off to sleep the whisper continued its relentless speeches.  “Lascar will kill you.  Don’t trust him.  Kriista, Dhrel and Raylee are your only hope to survive.”

Chapter 25
In the morning, as usual, Dhrel was the first to wake up.  He felt he had slept too long, it was nearly ten in the morning.  He decided it wasn’t really his fault, that ghoul poison was quite powerful, not as strong as the swamp spider poison, yet still enough to knock out their kind.  When he looked around he didn’t feel so bad, even Kriista, who he was starting to believe was stronger than himself, was still sound asleep.  If the ghoul poison could keep her sleeping this late then he wasn’t doing half bad.
With no one else awake and no food to prepare he decided to give the master key another try.  It was supposed to be his responsibility to use this thing, he just needed to figure out how.  Gromthule had left the master key on the table by the beds so Dhrel walked over to it cautiously.  This thing had caused him so much rage and with the other five keys now attached to it there was no telling how powerful it was now nor what kind of reaction he would have this time.
Dhrel carefully reached out his hand, waiting for something to happen as it drew closer to the master key but nothing happened.  He grabbed the hilt, preparing himself for the mental assault but again nothing happened.  Soon they master key began to pulse and Dhrel could hear the power inside it getting louder then quieter, over and over.  It sounded similar to a heartbeat but more monotonous, almost mechanical.
This time Dhrel did not feel the intense hatred as he had before.  He actually felt quite calm.  The master key was accepting and ready to help him.  Slowly Dhrel’s sight began to fade, the whole room was going dark.  After a few more moments he saw a hill and he was traveling up the hill without walking.  When he reached the top he noticed what looked like a large energy field surrounding a doorway with steps leading down to a dark cave.  Near the energy field was a rectangular stone, about three feet high, sticking out of the ground.  It was smooth and grey except for a small receptacle for the master key.  Next he saw the master key floating toward the receptacle and when it was firmly in place it turned itself clockwise half a turn and the energy field dissipated.
“What are you doing?” Kriista asked.
Dhrel snapped out of his trance and dropped the master key back on the table.
“I saw it!” Dhrel exclaimed.  “I know what we need to do!”
“Great,” Kriista replied.  She walked over by her brother and kindly put her hand on his shoulder.  “This will be over soon.”
“Finally,” Dhrel said sadly.  This plan of Lascar’s had taken its toll on all of them and now they just wanted it to be over.
Gromthule sat up behind them.
“So, we should wake Raylee and head out,” the large druid exclaimed.  He had apparently heard what they were saying.  “When we’re done I’m heading to Nefla to find Kae.  The sooner this is over the sooner I can finally spend time with my daughter.”  Gromthule almost seemed excited.
“And maybe Kris can show me what has changed in Lascaria,” Raylee added, rubbing the sleep from her eyes.  Raylee appeared to be in a much better state than she was in last night.
“That would be nice,” Kriista replied.  She was beginning to join in the excitement of being free from Lascar until she looked down at her little brother again.  He was not excited, he almost seemed worried.  “What’ wrong?”
“It just seems too easy,” Dhrel replied.
Kriista had gotten used to this from her little brother.  He was careful, calculating and never took a step without thinking it over three or four times.  It was annoying yet comforting at the same time.
“You think Lascar wants us to turn off all magic?” Kriista asked.
“No, of course not, it just seems like there’s something we’re missing.  Some detail we’ve overlooked.”  The young king stared down at the master key.  He just couldn’t shake the feeling that this is what Lascar wanted him to do.  That this was the moment Lascar had guided him toward all along.
“Well we don’t have much choice.  The master key is ready.  If we don’t try to turn off magic, then Lascar will get it sooner or later.”  Gromthule was trying to help Dhrel but the young king didn’t seem relieved.
“I suppose we should head out.  There is no turning back now,” the young king relented as he gathered his belongings and placed the key carefully in his pack.  While placing the master key inside his pack he looked at the two books he had carried with him the entire journey.  His father’s journal and the story of Lascar that Stelan, Draylen and his father had worked on.  Why hadn’t his father told him about the key?  Maybe he hadn’t had time?  Maybe his father didn’t really understand what the master key was used for?  Or maybe his father was being cautious, a trait Dhrel was glad to share with his father.
Raylee lept from the bed and quickly gathered her things, she was as anxious as ever and her evening of alcohol and ghoul poison didn’t seem to have slowed her one bit.  Kriista packed slowly, glancing at Dhrel once in a while.  She didn’t like it when her brother wasn’t certain.  He was the test for her.  If he was uneasy about something she needed to be as well.  Dhrel claimed that she was smarter than he was and maybe so, but he was far more intuitive when it came to people and she was more than willing to acknowledge that.
Gromthule was the last to pack his things, not because he was distracted with Dhrel’s uneasiness and not because he was worried.  He was lost in his fantasies about finally getting to spend time with his daughter.  He had waited for this to be over for centuries.  He had sacrificed his happiness and his life to serving Lascar in hopes that one day his daughter would no longer have to run and it was finally about to happen.  If only his good friend Lastian could have been here to see it.
Finally Gromthule got everything packed and met the other three outside the inn.
“North, yet again.  We will need to reach the highest peak of Brizen.”  Gromthule pointed north and through the fading fog they could just barely make out a tall mountain far off in the distance.
“That doesn’t look so far,” Raylee stated.
“It’s farther than it looks.  Like I said, probably two more weeks.”  Gromthule threw his pack over his shoulder and headed out.
“I can do another two weeks,” Raylee said and sprinted a few steps to catch up with the large druid.
“Some of us may not survive this, are you sure you’re ready?” Dhrel thought to Kriista silently.
“I’m ready.  Either way, live or die, it will finally be over,” Kriista replied with her mind.
As the two of them walked quickly to catch up Dhrel finally allowed himself to be a little relieved.  His sister had a point, even if they died, within a couple weeks it would all finally be over.

Chapter 26
Zorlen drudged along behind Lascar.  It wasn’t that he was physically tired, he was just mentally exhausted.  The whisper, as he called his passenger, had barely left him alone for a minute since they had started this journey to the place Lascar called ‘The Device’.  He was happy to follow Lascar, even though his grandfather had stopped explaining things since the day he asked if he would be as powerful as Lascar.  It now seemed that has grandfather no longer trusted him.  If only he could have ignored the whisper and never asked that question.  It was too late for that, all he could do now was to try to make up for it.
“Make up for it?” the whisper started.  “You have nothing to make up for.  He treats you like a child.  I don’t see how you put up with it.”
“Shut up!” Zorlen thought to the whisper.
“Now now, that’s no way to talk to your only friend.”  The whisper laughed manically.
“I said shut up!” Zorlen thought with more force.
“I can understand you getting upset with me and I won’t hold it against you.  You haven’t known Lascar very long but I have.  And take my word for it.  He has no intension of letting you live after he’s done.  He will test you and test you and then leave you to die when you fail.  It’s almost like he wants you to fail.”  The whisper droned on and on not pausing, not waiting for a response.  “In fact, I think that’s it.  He wants to see you fail.  He will use you as long as he can and then when you finally fail he will be satisfied that he can only count on himself.”
“Grandfather isn’t like that!”  Zorlen had taken enough.  “I’ve failed before and grandfather never held it against me.  So maybe you just failed too often.”
“Or maybe he still has a use for you so he just hasn’t killed you yet.  Maybe you’re just another distraction for Dhrel and Kriista.”  The whisper then got incredibly loud.  “THEN HE KILLS YOU!”  If Zorlen was listening with his ears instead of in his mind he probably would have been deaf.
“Shut up!” Zorlen thought back fiercely.
“You should ask him where you are going,” the whisper said much quieter now.
“You are just trying to get me in trouble again,” Zorlen replied.
“See!  You are starting to believe that you are a child too!”  The whisper got louder.
“No, I am not…Leave me alone!”  Zorlen was frustrated and tired of fighting with this figment of his imagination.
“Zorlen, we should stay here for tonight,” Lascar said quietly.
Zorlen nearly jumped out of his skin.  He wasn’t ready for his grandfather to speak.
“Are you alright?” Lascar asked, more out of curiosity than concern for his grandson.
“I’m just tired,” Zorlen lied.
“We made good time.  I think we are about a day or two ahead of them.  So you will have some time to rest.”  Lascar looked at Zorlen suspiciously and waited for a response.
“Good, just let me know what you need me to do.  For now I’m going to go get some sleep.”  Zorlen pretended he was tired and laid out his bedroll.
Lascar continued to watch Zorlen as the assassin rolled over and pretended to get some sleep.
“He doesn’t believe you,” the whisper started again.
“Leave me alone,” Zorlen replied, almost begging.
“You don’t even believe you.”  The whisper cackled inside Zorlen’s head again and then was silent.
“How much farther, grandfather?” Zorlen asked quietly.
“We’re already here,” Lascar said as he waved his arm.  “We will let them think they are alone before we do anything.  Let them get started, then attack.  You just wait for me before you do anything.  We can’t let them know we are here.”
“Yes, grandfather,” Zorlen said and shifted around in his bedroll.
“You should ask him why you have to wait?” the whisper said quietly.
“No, he’ll tell me when it’s time for me to know,” Zorlen replied.  He sounded exhausted.
“Ok, but remember, watch your back.  He’s manipulating you.  You are getting as strong as him and he can’t live with that.  He will try to kill you when you aren’t paying attention,” the whisper taunted.
The whisper sounded almost like a hiss to Zorlen.  He wanted to ignore the whisper, but how do you ignore yourself.
“I’m not you,” the whisper laughed.
“What?” Zorlen asked.  He no longer sounded exhausted.
“You didn’t know?  Lascar did this to you.  He put me inside you,” the whisper replied.
“How?  What are you talking about?” Zorlen was getting frantic.  If this whisper was telling the truth then there must be a way to separate him.  And furthermore, he wasn’t going insane.
“No, you’re not insane.”  The whisper had calmed down and almost seemed to pity Zorlen now.  “And yes, we can be separated.”
“How?” Zorlen asked.
“Ok, so here’s the deal.  Lascar can separate us, but he never will.  The only other person that can is Kriista.  She has the same powers as Lascar, she just doesn’t know it yet,” the whisper explained.
“Wait, so you want me to betray grandfather?”  Zorlen wasn’t sure if he should believe the whisper, it obviously hated Lascar.
“Yes, I hate Lascar, but I’m not lying.  He is going to kill you, but Kriista won’t.  Not if you let me take over for a bit and talk to her.  Like with Kae,” the whisper said calmly.
“That was an accident!  I was supposed to kill her and then I lied about it.  No, I’m not letting you take over.  You’re probably lying.”  Zorlen was frantic again, he had almost started to believe the whisper.
“Then we’ll do it the hard way, like with Kae.  I’ll force you to let me take over.”  The whisper sounded disappointed.
“No, I’m getting stronger.  I won’t let you do that again.”  Zorlen knew this was a lie and if he knew so did the whisper.
“You aren’t getting stronger, I’m getting stronger and when it suits me I lend you my strength.  If you don’t let me out soon I’ll take you over.  And in time you will just cease to exist,” the whisper said condescendingly.
Zorlen and the whisper continued to argue through most of the night until Zorlen was finally exhausted enough that he just passed out.

Chapter 27
Kriista crept up to the clearing and peered through the short bushes as she knelt down.  In the clearing she could see the energy field protecting the machine as well as the rectangular device for the master key.  It was just as Dhrel had described it.  There were also many smaller rocks strewn across the clearing that appeared to have been a structure at one time.  It was clear that these rocks had been worked due to most of them having at least one flat surface.  The draelic queen motioned to the other three and they all moved forward cautiously, expecting an ambush at any second.
“This doesn’t feel right,” Dhrel said as he drew closer to the receptacle for the master key.
“I know, Lascar knew where we were going.  He should be here,” Kriista agreed.
“Feeding Zephillia might have slowed him down,” Gromthule surmised.
Raylee didn’t join the others in conversation.  She was busy eyeing the surrounding bushes, preparing to fight.
“Well, here goes nothing,” Dhrel said as he pulled the master key from his pack.  Touching the master key with his skin caused an immediate reaction and he stumbled backward.
“What is it?” Kriista asked.
Dhrel didn’t answer with words, he thought to Kriista instead.  “Lascar is waiting over there.”  Dhrel darted his eyes passed the energy field toward a small outcropping of bushes.
“I can’t see anything,” Kriista thought back.
“The key is making me able to see Lascar and Zorlen even though they are invisible,” Dhrel explained.
Gromthule being unable to hear Kriista and Dhrel’s conversation got nervous.  “Well?  What is it?”
“It’s nothing, thought I saw something for a second,” Dhrel lied, pointing back toward the way they came.  Gromthule turned around, relieved when he saw nothing.
“Quick thinking,” Kriista thought to Dhrel.
Dhrel had about ten feet left, and Lascar appeared ready to attack.  Quickly Dhrel ran forward and thrust the master key into the opening of the receptacle.  Without hesitation he turned the key clockwise just like the master key had shown him in his vision and the energy field dropped instantly with a large whooshing sound.
As the machine turned off they could hear a hum.  Perhaps they had gotten used to the whirring of the machine as they climbed the mountain, but now it was quite clear.  The hum got lower in pitch and quieter as the machine wound down until it was barely noticeable.
With the energy field gone and the machine shutting off Lascar was ready to face them.
“Good work,” Lascar said as he came in to focus.  He walked slowly towards them with Zorlen following closely behind him.
Something was wrong, Kriista could still feel the magic in her.  In fact, she seemed to be feeling more powerful.
“Something is wrong, Dhrel,” Kriista thought to her brother.
“I feel it too.  The magic isn’t shutting off,” Dhrel thought back.
“You all should be proud of yourselves.  I spent centuries trying to figure out how to shut off this blasted device.  This ‘machine’, as you call it, was feeding off druid magic, weakening it for eons.  The guardians didn’t want the druids to have magic so they adjusted the machine to drain it from them.  And in a matter of a few years, you have solved my problem.”  Lascar looked smug as he clasped his hands behind his back.
In the distance they could hear what sounded like a loud explosion and the sky lit up like daylight.  It was lightning.  Everyone just stood and stared at the distant storm, only Dhrel and Kriista had seen this before but this was much stronger than the storm in the desert.
“What is that?  What have you done?” Raylee yelled.
“That is not me.  That is electricity.  By shutting off the machine you have released its hold on electricity as well.  Now a new source of power exists in the world.”  Lascar’s smile was both evil and arrogant at the same time.  He had won and there was nothing anyone could do to stop him now.
Gromthule saw an opportunity and attacked.  With both hands he focused as much power as he could and directed it at Lascar.  In a blur of motion Zorlen stepped in the way and held out his hands.  He absorbed the magic with no effort.
Lascar stared at his grandson with respect.  He hadn’t needed saving but the gesture did not go unnoticed.  Perhaps he was wrong about his grandson’s allegiance.
“Nice try Gromthule, or should I call you Narsol?” Lascar smirked.
“What?”  Gromthule tried to cover his deception but it was clear that Lascar already knew the truth.
“I’ve known you were Narsol since I met you, you idiot.  All magic ‘feels’ different to me.  I could tell right away who you really were.”  Lascar’s face wrinkled in a combination of anger and disgust.
Dhrel stepped toward Lascar.  “Let’s do this.”  Dhrel attacked Lascar with a beam from one hand and put up a shield around himself with the other.  Lascar let the beam hit him in the chest and seemed unimpressed with the results.
“Foolish child.  Your power is nothing compared to mine.  I merely let you think you could absorb my magic.  It was all an act.”  Lascar casually waved his hand and Dhrel flew backward until he hit one of the protruding stones.
“If you are finished, I have some things to discuss with you before I decide your fate.”  Lascar took a few steps further and put his hands behind his back once again.
“Something is wrong here,” Kriista thought to Dhrel.  “He doesn’t do this.  He doesn’t share his insights or plans.  He is not normally one to monologue.  He wants something or he’s waiting for something.”
“Maybe we can turn the machine back on?” Dhrel asked silently to his sister.
“I’ll distract him, you go for the key,” Kriista thought back and then she shot forward at Lascar.
Kriista drew both swords and ran at her grandfather.  Zorlen unsheathed his sword and started toward Kriista but Lascar put his hand out and stopped his grandson.
“I want to fight her,” Lascar said as he readied himself.
Kriista lunged at the evil king and Lascar grabbed the left sword with his right hand and ducked underneath Kriista’s arm.  The momentum flipped Kriista over and she landed on her back.  Quickly she got to her feet and stabbed the right sword at Lascar while swinging the left at her grandfather’s neck.  Lascar flipped in the air over Kriista and landed behind her with such speed that Kriista was dazed for a second, not knowing where Lascar went.  The evil king’s hands lit up with red energy and he grabbed Kriista by the shoulders.  The pain caused Kriista to drop her swords and fall to the ground in agony.
Dhrel had never heard Kriista scream until now.  Her agonizing scream echoed through the mountains.  There had never been any pain strong enough to make her yell like that.  Pain that would have made Dhrel pass out Kriista would have shrugged off.  The young king was scared.  Lascar was much more powerful than he let them believe.  He lunged for the master key, Kriista had paid the price but the distraction had worked.  Before he could grab hold of the master key Lascar waved his hand again and Dhrel was flung backward, this time with more force.  When Dhrel collided with one of the larger stones it shattered and Dhrel felt like he was going to pass out.
“The machine can’t be turned back on.  But I can’t let you have that key.”  Lascar walked casually over by the receptacle and stood between it and them.
Dhrel felt something strange for a fraction of a second when Lascar spoke.  The evil king was lying.  The machine could be shut off, but they had to get Lascar out of the way first.
“If you are done with this stupidity I have a few questions for you.”  Lascar paced with his hands clasped behind his back, guarding the master key.  “It turns out that the person I thought was Zephillia was, in fact, her sister.  Do any of you know something about this?”  Lascar eyed them all with distain, looking for any sign that one of them had done this.
Raylee began to laugh hysterically.  “I was wondering how long it would take for you to figure it out, you simple old man.  Even in death Lastian still beats you at every turn.”
“That was the secret?” Dhrel asked.
“Yes,” Raylee laughed.  “I told you that you would like it.”  Raylee’s smug smile made Dhrel grin a little.
Lascar grew angry.  His eyes lit up with red, as did his hands.  He held his hands out toward Raylee and the small woman was propelled forward until she was a foot from the evil king.
“Where is Zephillia’s real heart stone?!” Lascar demanded.
“Why would I tell you?  You can torture me all you like, but I will never tell you,” Raylee taunted.
“Then I will kill you and your cousins will tell me or Gromthule,” Lascar said as he plunged his hand into Raylee’s chest.
Kriista, Dhrel and Gromthule all started toward the evil king to stop him but with a wave of his other hand they were all paralyzed.  Lascar drained Raylee’s energy while the others could only watch in horror.
Before Raylee died she whispered to her grandfather.  “No one else knows.”
Raylee then collapsed and Lascar threw her body to the ground angrily.
“Remember, he’s going to kill you when this is done.  Let me have control!” the whisper yelled at Zorlen.  “I am your only chance.  He killed your sister without a second thought.  He needs to pay!”
Zorlen ignored the whisper and tried to concentrate on helping his grandfather.
“Before I kill the three of you, you have a choice,” Lascar said.  “Kneel and pledge to help me find Zephillia’s heart stone and I will let you live.”  Lascar paused, both waiting for a response and trying to calm his anger.  “Otherwise you will die like Raylee.”
Kriista got to her feet and walked slowly toward Lascar.
“I will never again obey you.  You killed Elyse and Shye.  You killed my real father.  You lied to me for years.”  Kriista stood ready to die.  She had no hope of killing Lascar but maybe in death she could finally forget the pain of losing Elyse.
“Fine!  Zorlen, you finally get to kill her.”  Lascar motioned to Zorlen and Zorlen stepped forward.
Claws came out of Zorlen’s fingers and black scales shot up his arms.  Zorlen’s eyes turned pitch black.
“This is your last chance,” the whisper said to Zorlen.  “I will not let you hurt her.”
“Leave me alone!  Get out of my head!” Zorlen shouted back to the whisper without speaking.
Zorlen drew back his hand to plunge it in Kriista’s heart and then stopped.  His eyes began to turn from pitch black to light blue.  A kind smile grew across Zorlen’s face.  Slowly Zorlen’s face began to change into Lastian’s.
Thinking quickly Kriista shouted at Lascar.  “I have something to say before you kill me!”
“Fine!  Wait a second Zorlen.  I want to hear her out.”  Lascar’s voice sounded annoyed but his curiosity got the better of him.
“So, how did you kill father?” Kriista asked, secretly knowing the answer.
Lascar laughed and his annoyance left, replaced with arrogance.  “I never killed your father, I just removed his heart.  And then I found the perfect pupil.  A loyal, trustworthy pupil who shared my goals.  But Zorlen was weak like his father and his sister.  So after you almost killed him I placed Lastian’s heart inside him to give him the power he deserved.  It was similar to what I did to Gromthule’s wife.  But with her I removed her heart and replaced it with Zephillia.  Well the heart I thought belonged to Zephillia.  With Zorlen I left his heart and just added Lastian’s.  Zorlen gets all the power from Lastian and Lastian is absorbed.  A fate worse than death.”
“I think I finally found your weakness, grandfather.”  Kriista smirked.
“Oh this should be good,” Lascar replied.
“Actually it’s three weaknesses,” Kriista taunted.
“Please, enlighten me.”  Lascar was amused.  He had no weaknesses.
“First of all, you desperately want someone from your family to join you.  You want them to obey you and serve you.  You want this so much that you give them chance after chance.”  Kriista’s smile grew wider.
“So, you’d rather I just kill you now then?’  Lascar sounded annoyed, Kriista was getting to him.
“Second, you will stop at nothing to get Zephillia back.  You so blindly seek this that you miss the obvious.”  Kriista stared at Lascar waiting for a response but none came.
Lascar was growing angry, he was tired of listening to Kriista.
“And lastly, but most importantly.  You are arrogant.  So arrogant that you think you control everything and everyone.  But because of these three things you have made your biggest mistake.  You missed the obvious threat, right under your nose.”
Lascar had heard enough.  “Oh just kill her!  She has no idea what she’s talking about!”
“But father,” Lastian said as he turned to face his father.  Lascar’s eyes grew wide with fear as he recognized his son’s face.  “She is right.”  Lastian sneered.
“Zorlen, fight him!” Lascar commanded as he walked backward away from Lastian.
“I gave Zorlen a chance to be separate again but sadly he chose to obey you.  So I had to absorb him.”  Lastian stepped slowly toward his father, changing to look more like himself with each step.
Lascar held his right hand out and one of Kriista’s swords flew to it.  He then charged at Lastian and stabbed at his heart.  Lastian side stepped and held out his left hand, Kriista’s second sword flew to it.
Kriista, Dhrel and Gromthule all watched in awe.  It was like watching titans fight before their eyes.  The power these two men possessed dwarfed them all in comparison.  First Lascar would attack with sword and magic, Lastian would defend then counter with his own.  It was clear to the three onlookers that neither had the upper hand.
Lastian spoke to Kriista in xeltheen.  This distracted him long enough for Lascar to get a clean hit on his arm, but he knew it worth the risk.  He felt his strength weakening.  Lascar was winning.  He had only this small chance to save his children.
“Tell your brother to be ready.  Turn the machine on as soon as Lascar is inside,” Lastian said in xeltheen to Kriista.
“Yes father,” Kriista replied obediently in xeltheen.
Kriista turned her thoughts to Dhrel.  “Get ready.  Turn on the machine as soon as father gets Lascar inside the energy field.”
“I understand,” Dhrel replied silently.
Dhrel moved inched his way slowly toward the master key.  He didn’t want to get Lascar’s attention.
Lastian was slowly getting Lascar closer to the opening that lead to the machine.  With each attack Lastian could feel himself growing weaker.  Just a few more feet and Dhrel would be able to turn it on.  The act of overpowering Zorlen had weakened him more than he realized, eventually Lascar would win.
Out of the corner of his eye Lascar noticed Dhrel approaching the receptacle.  The evil king threw out his hand and shot a beam of energy at Dhrel but Kriista jumped in the way.  The blast hit Kriista in the chest and threw her backward, just missing Dhrel.  Lastian lunged at Lascar while he was distracted and caught his father on the arm with his sword.  Lascar stumbled backward from the pain and Lastian attacked again pushing his father farther into the entryway.
“Jump,” Dhrel yelled to his father as he turned the key back on.
Lastian jumped to clear the doorway but as Lascar stumbled backward he grabbed Lastian by the ankle, pulling his son down the steps with him.  The machine whirred with life again and within seconds it sounded like it was almost at full power.
Lastian could see that he wasn’t going to get out so he yelled.  “I love you both!  Never forget that!”
Lastian tried to claw his way back up the steps but as he reached the edge of the door the energy field went up with a flash.
Dhrel walked toward the field slowly, not believing what had just happened.  Kriista and Gromthule ran to his side.
“He didn’t get out,” Dhrel said still in shock.
“No!” Kriista yelled as she fell to her knees.  After a few moments of tears Kriista got to her feet.  “Turn it back off!” she yelled at her brother.
“That’s not a good idea,” Gromthule countered.
“Why not?!  We can’t just leave father in there!”  Kriista put her hands on Dhrel’s shoulders and shook him.  “Open it up!  Shut it off!  I’m not going to lose him again!”
Dhrel stared blankly at his frozen father.  The energy field had frozen him and Lascar mid fight.  Lastian was reaching for the top step and Lascar was grasping his son’s leg, holding him back.  Dhrel turned to Gromthule, he needed to be detached from this to make the right decision.  Kriista was being emotional but this decision affected more than just them.
“Why is it not a good idea?” Dhrel asked.
“What?!”  Kriista couldn’t believe what her brother was asking.  Why was he not turning the machine off?
“If we let Lascar out now we still have no way to defeat him.  Even your father can’t defeat him.  Lastian did his best but I could feel his power weakening near the end.  Lascar would have eventually won.  If we let them out we are dooming the world and ourselves.”  Gromthule looked down, he hated being the one to say it but it was the truth.
“So, we just leave them?!” Kriista asked, shocked.  “Forever?!”
“No, not forever,” Dhrel said.  “Just until we are as strong as them.  When we can help father instead of dooming him.  Father knew what he was doing.  He knew he was losing, I could feel his emotions.  He also knew there was a chance that he would be stuck.  It was worth the risk for him…to save us.”  Dhrel looked down at the ground.  He shared his sister’s disappointment but he was not about to doom his father.  The sacrifice Lastian made would not go in vain.  “If we turn it off now father is as good as dead, and so are we.”
“Are they aware of what’s going on in there?”  Kriista was beginning to calm down.  She realized that she was being unreasonable.  Her brother was the cool headed decision maker.  If he thought this was the right way then she needed to try to see it too.
Dhrel closed his eyes and tried to feel his father’s emotions.
“No, the machine froze their thoughts too.  When we get them out they won’t even know how much time has passed.  For them it will be just like they were never frozen,” Dhrel said confidently.
“Where do we start?  How long do you think it will take?”  Kriista was impatient, she was ready to start now.  She thought in a few months they would be able to be strong enough to open it.
Dhrel walked back slowly to the master key and removed it, then turned to address his sister’s questions.
“It could take years, centuries or it could happen tomorrow.  It won’t be easy but I will train every day.  I will learn every fighting style, every type of magic, anything that I can to get father out of there.”  Dhrel turned around and knelt down by Raylee’s body.  “We should bury her.  She was father’s partner.  If she had betrayed father, Lascar might have won.”  Dhrel then looked up at the sky, the lightning storm hadn’t stopped.  “Why didn’t the electricity go away?”
“You reset the machine,” Gromthule said matter-of-factly.
“What does that mean?” Kriista asked harshly, still upset with both of them.
“It means that the only thing the machine is doing now is providing suitable weather conditions for each race.  It’s no longer draining druid magic and it isn’t stopping electricity anymore.”  Gromthule looked up at the sky with Dhrel.  “Maybe with this electricity we can find a way to stop Lascar.  We could find a way to harness it and use it against him.”
Kriista used her magic and dirt flew into the air leaving a hole big enough for Raylee.  She was angry.  She didn’t want to wait to get her father out, she wanted to do it now!  Carefully she placed Raylee’s body in the hole, she wasn’t angry with her.  In fact, seeing her cousin and possibly best friend dead started to replace her anger with grief.
“We need to find Zephillia’s heart stone and destroy it,” Kriista said angrily.  “Raylee gave her life to hide it.  We need to make sure that Lascar never gets it,” Kriista growled.  Tears began forming in her eyes.  She had experienced so much grief in a few short years.  She didn’t know if she could take any more.
“We will,” Gromthule agreed.  “But first I need to find Kae.  She can help us.”
“She is pretty powerful herself.  Maybe she can help train me,” Dhrel said, seeing an opportunity to get started.
“Yes, but I’m afraid you can’t go with me.  The residents of Nefla will not be happy to see someone so…”  Gromthule wasn’t quite sure how to say it without hurting Dhrel’s feelings.
“So what?” Dhrel asked.
“So, human,” Gromthule replied.
“Fine, I’ll head back to Lascaria with Kris.  We need to make sure that everyone knows Lascar is gone.  Also I think I’m going to abdicate my throne.”  Dhrel was deep in thought, it wasn’t an easy decision but he had made it.
“Why?” Kriista asked, surprised.
“I want time to train and learn.  I don’t need to be distracted with politics and running a country.  The council did just fine without me before.”  Truthfully Dhrel didn’t want to give up his throne but it would take up too much of his time, time better spent searching for a way to help his father.
“I understand,” Kriista agreed.  “I am thinking the same thing.  I think I’ll start working on electricity.  I’m sure at the crash site there are a lot of books that can teach me how it works.”
“And you can read them now,” Dhrel added.
“True,” Kriista responded.
After burying Raylee and saying a few words the three of them were ready to head out.  Gromthule took off quickly, hoping to catch Kaelestra before she got too far in Nefla.  Kriista and Dhrel gathered their things and started the long journey back to Gojeth and then home to Lascaria.
As they walked Kriista looked at Dhrel’s pack curiously.
“What will you do with father’s journal and Draylen’s book?” Kriista asked.
“I was thinking that while I train I might write a book,” Dhrel replied.
“A book?  What kind?” the draelic queen asked curiously.
“A history of Lascaria, starting with the life of Lascar,” Dhrel said confidently.
“Why?”  Kriista was confused.  Why tell the story of Lascar, he was evil and that was all anyone needed to know.
“For a better understanding of what makes him tick.  Understanding one’s enemies is the first step toward defeating them.”  Dhrel smiled at his sister hoping for her approval.
“I guess that makes sense.  Whatever it takes to beat him and free father.”  Kriista stared down the mountain side.  This was going to be a long journey, and not just the journey home.  She was beginning to understand that the journey to free their father was going to take a very long time.

Chapter 28
Kristen Tyrus pulled her electric car into her driveway and then inside the garage.  The lights in the garage automatically lit up as she stepped out of the car.  When she got out she absentmindedly reached under the front driver side wheel well and removed the latch securing the plug.  On her way into the house she attached the plug from the car into the power outlet near the door.
Kristen wore a business skirt and suit jacket dyed light grey.  Under the jacket she wore a bright white button up shirt.  Her long curly purple hair draped across her shoulders as she removed her pony tail holder.  She removed her glasses and placed them in her pocket as she fiddled to find the door keys.  Kristen was a beautiful, draelic woman but her job required her to dress the part.  She needed to look smart to be treated as such.
Upon entering the house she quietly shut the door and locked it behind her.  She then slipped off her three inch heels, glad to be home.
“Miran?” Kristen whispered.  “I’m home.”
Kristen’s nanny Miran was asleep on the couch.  The TV was showing old reruns of a comedy show that had been popular five years ago.
“Ms. Tyrus, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to fall asleep,” Miran answered.
“Please, just call me Kristen.  And it’s after eleven, I had to work late.  You know I don’t expect you to stay up that late,” Kristen said, her voice getting a little louder.
“Miss Lexi is sleeping, I just didn’t realize it was so late,” Miran said apologetically.
Kristen handed Miran the keys to her car.  “Here, why don’t you take my car.  You’ll never get a cab this late.  Just make sure to charge it, I won’t need it til Monday.”
“Are you sure?” Miran asked meekly.
“Yes, you’ve been my nanny for over a year.  I think if I trust you with my daughter I can trust you with my car.”  Kristen laughed as she took off her suit jacket.
“Ok, I’ll bring it over in the morning.”  Miran fiddled with the keys trying to find the right one.
“No no, keep it til Monday.  Here’s your paycheck.  Go get some shopping done or whatever.”  Kriista handed the nanny her check.
“This is too much, Miss…Kristen.”  Miran pushed the check back at her boss.
“This week was one year.  I gave you a raise.  Now don’t be silly.  Go take your kids out to dinner tomorrow or something.”  Kristen smiled and refused to take the check back.
“Thank you, Miss…” Miran started.
“Kristen, please,” Kristen said as she walked toward the steps leading up to the bedrooms.
“Kristen,” Miran repeated as she headed out the door.
Kristen climbed the steps and then turned to her daughter’s bedroom while going over the day’s events.  Kristen was the lead researcher at Tyrus Electric, her brother’s company.  Tyrus Electric was the leading producer of electric cars and appliances for Tyrillia, based in Tyrillia city.  Kristen liked her job, the long hours sometimes were tedious at times and the way she had to dress was annoying.  But, for the most part she enjoyed going to work every day.
Once Kristen had reached the top of the steps she heard small footsteps running.  The noise was coming from Lexianna’s room.
“Lexi?  Are you still awake?” Kristen said softly at her daughter’s door.
“Yes, mom,” Lexi answered.
“Lexianna Elyse Tyrus!” Kristen said.  “It is way too late for you to be awake.”
“Sorry, mom” Lexi replied.
“Well, since you are awake I guess I should read you a story before bed,” Kristen said, her tone getting more upbeat.  She opened the door and Lexi was sitting on the bed smiling.
Lexi was eight years old and looked nothing like her mother.  Kristen was pure draelic but Lexi could easily be mistaken for human.  The only thing that kept people from believing that Lexi was human was her long curly purple hair.  This she got from her mother.
“Which story do you want to hear tonight,” Kristen asked softly.
Lexi looked down at the bed, clearly she was feeling guilty about something.
“Something happened at school today, did Miran tattle on me?” Lexi said still looking at her bed.
“No, Miran didn’t say anything.  I guess she felt it was your place to tell me.”  Kristen looked sternly at her daughter.
“Well it wasn’t my fault, it might be the disease.  You know the one I got from dad and you.  I mean, I really didn’t mean to hurt him.  I…I…”  Lexi was talking a mile a minute like she couldn’t contain the words any longer.
“You hurt someone?” Kristen asked, concerned.
“I really didn’t mean to,” Lexi whined.
“Ok, ok, start from the beginning, what happened?” Kristen asked.
“I was minding my own business and some boys started picking on me.  I was reading ‘Kriista’s Tale’ and they took my book.  They were taller than me so they held it over my head and started saying ‘Kriista the queen of the fairy tales’ over and over.  And I know that Kriista’s story is true and I… and… and I just got so mad.  I swung at one of them and Billy Horthus came walking by.  Well I accidentally hit Billy in the arm.  And…and…” Lexi couldn’t go on.
“What happened to Billy?” Kristen prodded.
“I really didn’t mean to…I broke his arm.” Lexi relented.
“Well, tomorrow is Saturday and Billy lives five blocks from here.  So tomorrow we will go over there and you will apologize to Billy and his parents.  I will offer to pay for his doctor bill.  It will be ok Lexi.”  Kristen stroked her daughter’s hair to calm her and noticed a patch of white hair above her left ear.  “But first we need to dye your hair again.”
“It’s getting white faster, am I gonna be ok?” Lexi asked.
“You will be fine.  The disease isn’t that bad.  I have it and dad has it.  You will be fine.”  Kristen remained calm but secretly she was worried about Lexi.  “So which story do you want to hear tonight?”
“I haven’t heard ‘Kriista’s Tale’ in a while,” Lexi said while smiling coyly.
“You just said you were reading it today,” Kristen scolded.
“Yeah, but it’s my favorite.  Kriista is so cool and strong.  Nobody picks on her.”  Lexi slid under the covers and batted her eyes at her mom.  “I’m gonna be like Kriista when I grow up.”
Under her breath Kristen whispered.  “For your sake, I hope not.”
After a few chapters Lexi was sound asleep and Kristen walked down stairs.  She wanted to make sure all the doors were locked and all the lights were out.  When she reached the bottom of the stairs she realized that Miran had forgotten to shut off the TV.  The late night news was on and they were showing an interview from earlier in the day.
“We’re here with Kristen Tyrus, lead researcher at Tyrus Electric.  Can you tell us what this new technology will mean for everyone?” the reporter said then the camera panned to Kristen.
“We are currently developing electric panels that can draw power from the sunlight.  It will be a huge step toward relieving our electricity shortage,” Kristen responded.
“Many people are saying that your research is unneeded.  That the artifacts can give us power forever.  How do you respond?” the reporter asked then shoved the microphone back at Kristen.
“That is simply not true,” Kristen began.  “The artifacts do not have unlimited power and with recent increases in computers and cars we are draining them faster than ever.  In my opinion we have maybe two or three years before we tax them to the point of failure.  Our new solar…”
“Jim has opposing arguments from Hythal Electronics, competitor of Tyrus Electric.  What does Hythal have to say about this?” the reporter interrupted.
Kristen looked annoyed.  “Interrupting little…”  Something behind Kristen moved, it came from kitchen.  She turned around quickly trying to adjust her eyes to the dark kitchen.  Again someone moved in the kitchen.  “Who’s there?” Kristen demanded.
“Don’t worry sis, just me,” a calm voice said from the dark kitchen.
“Quit calling me sis, Lethian.  You might be my boss, but I’ll still kick your butt,” Kristen said feigning anger.
Lethian stepped into the light.  His short black hair looked unnaturally black to Kristen and truthfully she thought he looked old.  He wore an expensive grey suit with a white, silk undershirt.
“You can use my real name, there’s no one here, Kris,” her brother responded.
“Fine, Dhrel, what do you want?” Kriista asked, still pretending to be upset.
“Actually I’m here for something serious,” Dhrel said.
“What’s wrong?” Kriista asked concerned.
“That interview today, you should have waited.  At least until you had a working prototype,” Dhrel explained
“I’m trying to get people to understand that the relics can’t be drained forever,” Kriista countered.
“I know your intentions were good but you are losing your edge.  I would never have been able to sneak up on you three hundred years ago.  You’ve given up.”  Dhrel looked sad.
“I didn’t give up, I just stopped trying,” Kriista replied somewhat embarrassed.
“That’s the same thing.  Sometimes I swear you are the dumbest genius I’ve ever met,” Dhrel said with a laugh.  Then Dhrel got more serious again.  “They are still watching us, whoever they are.  Haven’t you noticed people following you?  And it’s gotten more intense recently.  They are planning something.”
“No, I haven’t noticed anything,” Kriista replied.
“That’s the point.  And Lex, she is getting her power way too soon.  She’s only eight!  She shouldn’t have power until she’s much older.  I mean even Lascar didn’t get his until he was fifteen and me and father at eighteen.”  Dhrel looked very worried.
“She doesn’t like it when you call her Lex.  She thinks it sounds like a boy’s name.  But yes, it’s way too soon and I’m worried as well,” Kriista conceded.
“Maybe you and Lex, I mean you and Lexi, should go on a vacation.  Work on your prototype in secret.  Nobody will be suspicious if you take time off to spend with your ‘ill’ daughter.  Please, Kris, I’ll feel a lot better if you and Lexi are somewhere safe until I figure out who is following us,” Dhrel pleaded.
Kriista thought for a minute about what her brother had said.  “Alright, Lexi and I will take a vacation.  Monday when Miran comes back with my car I’ll give her enough money that she doesn’t need to find another job until I come back.  Say a few months?” Kriista asked.
“A few months sounds good.  If it’s longer I’ll give Miran more so that way you don’t lose the best nanny you’ve ever had,” Dhrel grinned.
“Thank you, I don’t know what I’d do without her,” Kriista stated.
Dhrel looked over at the door leading to the garage.  “I hear someone in the garage.”
“Maybe Miran forgot something,” Kriista said as she walked toward the door.
“Wait!” Dhrel yelled as Kriista pulled open the door.
A bright explosion filled the living room, decimating the doorway in the process.  Dhrel lost consciousness and when he woke a few minutes later the door to the garage and the walls on either side were missing, the rest of the living room was smoldering.  Kriista was missing as well and where she had been, there was a huge crater that went at least six feet deep.  The strange thing about it was that the blast was very localized.  The damage didn’t reach to the steps.  Dhrel stood up and looked around.  It was even stranger than he had originally thought, the blast was very, very localized.  The kitchen looked untouched and when he looked upstairs he saw Lexi standing at the top of the steps in shock.
“Where’s mom?!  Uncle Lethian, where is mom?!” the young girl screamed.
Dhrel rushed up the stairs and grabbed Lexi with lighting speed then rushed out the front door.  As he ran from the house he looked back.  He was sure that Kriista had told him Miran borrowed the car, but Kriista’s car was parked in the garage and half the car was missing from the explosion.

Be sure to check out part 4, Lascaria – The Legend of Lascar.
Want to know when my new books are coming out? Sign up for my mailing list to receive a head’s up when my books will go live.
If you enjoy my work please leave me a review. I appreciate the feedback and enjoy hearing from my readers whether it be compliments, suggestions or criticisms.

You can also check me out on twitter @StevenSterupJr or on my website at www.StevenSterupJr.com.

Asuune Series Book 1
Curse of the Asuune

Mark Albet is thrust into a world of vampires and angels as he struggles to understand the reason behind his wife’s murder. While Mark struggles in his new reality he gets help from his longtime friend, Sarah. Mark’s feelings for Sarah grow and become confusing as she attempts to prepare him for life as an Asuune, an immortal half-angel, in their fight against vampires. Mark’s love for Sarah can never be revealed to her because each Asuune only gets one true love and Sarah already knows who hers is. If Sarah already knows who her love is then why does she insist on making Mark’s life more difficult by teasing him with sexual advances and innuendo?
Kathrine Albet, Mark’s daughter, must find her place in the Asuune world to help her father find and rescue Sarah. After accidentally stumbling across this strange world of vampires and angels, Kathrine comes to realize that this new reality is exactly where she truly belongs. While helping her father she meets her true love, Paul, only to find out that this alluring man is helping the vampires. With the help of her new Asuune friends, Kathrine strikes out to find out what kind of man Paul really is and if his feelings for her are the same.


Asuune Series Book 2
Deception of the Asuune

The conclusion to Curse of the Asuune.
Kathrine Albet longs to have a peaceful life with the mysterious and ancient Asuune, Paul even though she can never have the thing she secretly wants the most, a child. Despite this desire she finds herself at the center of a devious scheme to destroy humanity. Left with no choice, Kathrine accepts the help of her family in preparing for the fight of her life. It seems that every evil being wants Kathrine’s loyalty or death. What makes her so important?

Demonic Temptations - Incubus Tormented

The first two stories in the Demonic Temptations series in one book.
Incubus Tormented
Shawn has a rare disease that causes insanity in the women he is involved with. Sometimes it takes months, others, only hours. A mysterious letter leads him to a doctor that has a rare disease herself. Dr. Lisa is amazing and very understanding of his problem. If he didn't annoy her so much they just might be able to have something resembling a relationship. Neither of them can have sex so it would be the perfect match.
Lisa specializes in rare diseases and even has one of her own. The men she has sex with get sick and eventually die. She had it under control but something has changed recently, possibly because she hasn't had sex in years. The images in her head won't stop and she feels like she is going insane. The worst part is that they are about Shawn, her best friend and patient. Every time he is in the room she can barely keep her hands off him. Is this the result of his disease or hers, maybe both?
Succubus Forgotten
Samantha breaks her rule of only helping half-demons when Ceralin's older brother Thomas needs her special kind of help. However, this isn't the only reason. Cassandra, the woman Thomas will need to rescue, isn't just any demon.
Thomas is tricked into helping a lost girl who reminds him of his sweet little sister, Ceralin, whom he abandoned millennia ago. His guilt forces him to help the frail redhead Cassandra but that isn't the reason he can't leave her. Thomas knows he will abandon Cassandra just like he did his sister. Can Thomas overcome his greatest enemy to keep Cassandra safe? Even if her greatest threat is himself?


Lascaria Series Book 1
Lascaria - Evil Reborn

The evil king Lascar ruled over Lascaria with an iron hand for nearly 1000 years.  His mysterious disappearance and absence for the last 50 years has allowed the people of Lascaria peace and prosperity.  When his son Lastian has a child, the evil king returns to reclaim his throne and his kingdom.  What is so special about his grandson, Dhrel?
Dhrel wants a simple life with his family but his grandfather, the evil king Lascar, has other plans for his grandson.  As Dhrel and his family try to escape the evil king they begin to realize that Lascar has another agenda entirely.  Will they figure out his plan before it's too late?  Dhrel must learn to control his magic to defend his family from the evil king.
Kriista, the daughter of the evil king Lascar has always been a faithful supporter of her father.  Recent events and actions by her father have put everything she knew into question.  Is her father really evil or the misunderstood monarch that she has always believed?  He has always been strict but since his sudden return he has become paranoid and sees conspiracies where there are none.  Perhaps everything she believed in was a lie.

Lascaria Series Book 2
Lascaria – Sins of the Ancestors
 
After the loss of their loved ones, Kriista and Dhrel struggle to comprehend Lascar’s true plan.  With Zephillia’s resurrection Lascar appears to have won, but there is more to it than Dhrel and Kriista realize.  They need to figure out what is really going on before it is too late.  What else does the evil king have planned for them?  Can they stop him before they end up like everyone else that dared defy the evil king Lascar?

Lascaria Series Book 3
Lascaria – The Prisoner Queen
 
Kriista and Dhrel continue on their journey to stop their evil grandfather. As Zorlen's power continues to grow they realize that they will need help defeating Lascar and Zorlen. With this in mind they set off to find their cousin Raylee who is in Katzack prison. Raylee, the oldest living offspring of Lascar, might be their last hope for defeating the evil king.

Lascaria Series Book 4
Lascaria – The Legend of Lascar (Coming Soon)
 
Witness the events that led to Lascar becoming an evil tyrant, hell bent on destruction. Discover the story behind the evil king as Dhrel reveals what he has learned from his father’s research. Explore Lascar’s youth, from his time as a young boy with a cruel king for a father, through the devastating loss of the only person he ever cared about. After reading this harrowing tale of love, betrayal and loss see if you can answer the question that has never been definitively answered. Was Lascar born evil, did circumstances make him evil or did he choose evil?

Lascaria Series Book 5
Lascaria – The Shadow King

The exciting conclusion to the Lascaria series.
When Kriista went missing eleven years ago Dhrel was left caring for Lexianna, her daughter. He was forced to accept the one thing he never wanted, responsibility. Now that Lascar is breaking free from his prison Dhrel must put his plan into action, ready or not. The first order of business is finding Kriista. His sister is a huge part of his plan to defeat his evil grandfather once and for all. Dhrel's plan and his life fall apart as his niece discovers who and what they all really are. Can Dhrel recover or is his grandfather destined to rule over Lascaria once again?

Morven’s Legacy Book 1
The Fire Maiden’s Desire

The sexy redhead Rachel is cursed to give birth to a demon that will devour her and destroy the world. Her only hope is a mysterious man she can’t find. A new prediction from a strange old woman leads her to believe that her sidekick Jack may be her best hope at finding this man. The only problem is that Jack is the man of her dreams. Can she resist her desires for the handsome thief long enough to survive her curse? Perhaps one night with the stunning Jack is worth dying for.
Jack Craylet has a problem. He is in love with his best friend, the curvaceous, fiery haired Rachel. He’d follow her to hell and back, maybe even die for her but she doesn’t know he exists. He has no clue why she insists on traveling around the kingdom nor what she’s really looking for but the secretive maiden has his loyalty. Even when she seems smitten with another man he can’t help doing everything in his power to make sure she is happy.

Morven’s Legacy Book 2
To Seduce a Sorceress

Daniel Jahl has a plan to kill the evil wizard Morven, the man who murdered his parents. All he has to do is seduce the wizard's granddaughter and convince her to let him in to Moven's magically guarded castle. Daniel has seduced hundreds of women, this should be simple, but none of his previous conquests were anything like Lydia. As Daniel discovers everything he knows about Morven might be a lie he must face his greatest fear. Has he seduced and betrayed the one woman he might actually be able to love? If he tells her the truth will she ever be able to forgive him?


Raven’s Embrace

Fawn, although most people know her by her code name Raven, is one of the best assassins in the world. When she takes on a very lucrative job to kidnap, then kill the prince, she realizes that the bumbling fool isn’t the cruel womanizer she’s been led to believe. She thought assassins were deceptive, nobles and royals are worse. Can she find her way through this web of lies before it is too late? Despite his roguish charm and possible innocence, she has a job to do and Raven always kills her mark.
When Alexander Kurts, the prince of Selenthal, wakes up in a prison cell, he is surprised to find out that the most beautiful woman he’s ever seen has kidnapped him. While trying to find a way out of his situation he comes to realize that she is even more deadly than she is beautiful. Someone wants him dead and this gorgeous assassin might be his only hope for survival. If he could only figure out why she seems to detest him he might just get out of this.

Raven’s Gamble

The sexy assassin, Raven, returns in the exciting conclusion to Raven’s Embrace.
Fawns’s perfect life with her husband King Alexander Kurts and their new daughter Ella has to be put on hold as she is forced to resume her former identity, Raven, in order to protect everyone she loves. The original plot to have Alex killed may have been foiled but the person behind it is still out there. Fawn needs to navigate a maze of deception and lies to find out who really wants Alex dead but that doesn’t mean she can’t spend a little time playing matchmaker for Sebastian Fox. This man, possibly one of her closest friends, puts his life on the line every day to protect her husband and daughter, he deserves to be happy as well.

The Order of Human Purity Book 1
Kiss of the Lamia

Seven years ago Oliver Holduff’s life was ruined on prom night. Although the horrible accident killed his date instantly Oliver escaped without a scratch. On the same night, Oliver’s one and only friend, Chelsea Bauer and her date disappeared without a trace. The horrible pain Oliver has lived with since the accident starts to fade the moment Chelsea mysteriously returns to ask him for a favor. She’s not the same awkward, teenage girl but she's still Chelsea. Of course Oliver would drop everything to help her find out who murdered her father, even if it was her.


