Lascaria – The Shadow King
Written By: Steven Sterup Jr.
Copyright 2017 Steven Sterup Jr.

Legal Disclaimer - This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Special thanks to all the people that helped with this book.
My sister-in-law Cindy A. for the cover art.
My granddaughter Makenna for posing as young Lexianna.
My son Nicholas for his help with editing.
Last but not least, my wife Tammy Sterup for her help with editing, the cover and almost every part of getting this book ready.

If you haven’t read them yet, Lascaria books 1 through 4 are available at many e-book sites.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19


Chapter 1
Years before Lascar’s defeat, when Dhrel was only three years old, Lastian Tyrillias sat on a rock watching the flames of the campfire consume the wood. He placed his hand in the fire and watched as it curled over his hand. He shut his eyes and the flames died down while he absorbed the energy faster than the fire could produce.
Meelaranda crept up behind him and with her index finger, traced a line over his ear. Lastian grabbed her hand and stood to face her.
“You should have stayed with Dhrel,” Lastian said quietly while he stared into her beautiful eyes. Her xeltheen markings brought out the color of her eyes beautifully and her golden blonde hair contrasted them well.
“You will need to dye your hair again,” Meelaranda stroked the hair behind Lastian’s ear again, intentionally ignoring her husband’s words.
“I was thinking of letting it go. Dhrel has white hair. What kind of message am I sending him if I keep dying mine?” Lastian smirked. “Besides, when we’re done here I won’t need to go out anymore. No reason to hide who I am. Just you, me, Dhrel, Shye and Draylen for a good long time.”
“As nice as that sounds, Lascar will never let us live in peace.” Meelaranda looked sad. As much as she wanted to believe Lastian, she knew better. They were not destined to live a quiet life. Even if they could hide from Lascar ‘for a good long time’ he would eventually find them.
“You wait and see. I’ll prove it.” Lastian smiled and put his hand under her chin then kissed her gently.
“I really hope that you prove me wrong, I really do.” Meelaranda turned away lost in thought. She wasn’t depressed, she simply accepted the path she had chosen. It would have been much easier to accept one of the men that threw themselves at her in her youth. She was queen of Xanthan, there was no shortage of men wanting to marry her. But that was not what she wanted. She knew from the moment she first met Lastian, as a young girl, this was the only man she would ever really love. It took years for her to convince Lastian to give her a chance. She was a nineteen year old queen with men falling all over her but the one man she actually wanted was bound by a ridiculous sense of duty to push her away.
Eventually the xeltheen queen wore down Lastian. At first she tried seduction but at over nine hundred years old, Lastian was quite adept at controlling his urges. Then she tried to bribe him but Lastian had little use for money. After years of forcing herself at Lastian the thing that finally won him over was when she gave up and decided to be his friend. She helped him track his father’s movements and even helped spy on his secret daughter, Kriista. Over time Lastian fell in love with the witty and confident huntress. In the end, it was her personality that Lastian was interested in, not her looks nor her wealth and stature. Lastian enjoyed spending time with her, she made him forget his constant struggle to stop his father’s evil. This was what Lastian was looking for, not a distraction, someone he could care about.
Lastian walked after his wife. He had heard the tone in her voice. She was growing tired of this battle with Lascar. He only had her for another hundred maybe hundred and fifty years if he was really lucky. He wanted to make his time with her count. Xeltheen didn’t live as long as his family. The lucky ones lived to almost two hundred but Lastian could, theoretically, live forever. Only two people in his family had ever really been killed. Lucian, his grandfather, whom Lascar had killed and Francis, his nephew, also one of his father’s victims. He and his father were the oldest and both looked like they were still in their twenties.
“I’ve changed my mind,” Lastian said as he grabbed Meelaranda’s hips from behind while she bent over to get something from her pack.
“Oh really now? Now you want me? You said it was too dangerous,” Meelaranda smirked. Lastian couldn’t see her face but he could hear the tone.
“Not that. Though that doesn’t sound like a bad idea,” Lastian grinned.
Meelaranda stood upright and spun to face her husband. Lastian put his hands under her ears and kissed her passionately. He reluctantly broke from the kiss, he needed her to hear this.
“I mean about the book. I’ve changed my mind. Let’s go home. Let’s leave father alone. I’ve tried to stop him for such a long time. I just want to be done,” Lastian lied. He didn’t really want to quit but he would stop if it made Meelaranda happy.
“Really? You just want to stop?” Meelaranda looked into his eyes. She knew that he didn’t want to stop but the look in his eyes told her that he was serious. He would stop, if for nothing more than her happiness.
“Yes, let’s raise Dhrel and be happy as long as we can. Father will still be there in twenty, thirty years. I think it’s time I put you first for a while.” Lastian put his hands on her shoulders and looked at her with compassion.
“You could be happy?” Meelaranda asked.
“If you’re there,” Lastian replied.
“Nah,” Meelaranda said then leaned back down to her pack. “You wouldn’t be happy. That isn’t fair to you.”
“It’s not fair to you that we keep going on these dangerous trips. I mean, seriously, it’s a book. We’re risking everything for a book,” Lastian pleaded.
“Yes, Lastian, a book.” Meelaranda turned and faced her husband again this time with a key to the machine in her hand. “A book and a key. We’re making progress. We can’t give up. How many people will your father kill while we play house? Sometimes a queen gets to enjoy her life but she always needs to think of others.” Meelaranda smacked Lastian on the shoulder with the key. “So does a king.”
“You’re amazing. You know that right?” Lastian looked at her lovingly.
“Good, at least you think I’m amazing even if you don’t think I’m sexy.” Meelaranda raised one eyebrow and then walked to the tent.
“Wait! No, I never said that! I said it could be dangerous out here!” Lastian chased after her.
“Oh I see, too dangerous to risk it for me,” Meelaranda teased. “I guess I’m just not that important.” She let out a deliberate sigh.
“Please let me make love to you,” Lastian begged while he got on his knees and clasped his hands in in a pleading gesture.
“I don’t know. Seems like you don’t really want it,” Meelaranda smiled.
“Please, please, please. You are the most sexiest…that’s a word right?” Lastian giggled.
“Yes, that’s a word, dear, but you’re using it wrong.” Meelaranda’s face hurt from all the smiling and laughing.
“I will do anything for one minute of the queen’s time. Name your price.” Lastian begged.
“One minute?! It better be longer than a minute!” Meelaranda took pity on her husband and lept at him. Lastian was knocked backward and she landed on his chest. Lastian brushed her blond hair behind her ear and kissed her on the nose.
“You know you make me happy right?” Lastian asked.
“Maybe…” Meelaranda replied as she leaned in and kissed Lastian deeply.
In the morning Lastian woke first. He wanted to make Meelaranda breakfast. She was a better cook than he was but he felt that he needed to pamper her in some way. She deserved much more than him, a man who was constantly trying to save the world. She deserved to be treated like the queen she was.
Lastian pulled on his pants and shirt as quietly as he could while he relished in the memory of the night before. It had been weeks since they’d been together but that was the way their life went. Perhaps their frequent separations were the reason he loved her so much or maybe it was just her. His love for Kaelestra had been more of a crush, they had never even had sex. His love for Shazen had been mostly passion, all they did was have sex. The love he felt for Meelaranda was something completely different. He respected and trusted her, losing her like he had lost the others might be the one thing he couldn’t take. If his father ever found out how he felt about Meelaranda he would use it against him. He had loved the others, or at least he had thought he did at the time. He struggled to find a word that meant more than love but he was at a loss. Then as he strolled into the forest he found it. Wife! She was his wife, a word that meant love, friendship, companionship, trust and so much more. Yes, that was the word he was looking for. Meelaranda was his wife.
Lastian easily found a rabbit to cook for breakfast. He had been hunting since he was a child, all those centuries ago. Finding food wasn’t the hard part. Cooking the food so Meelaranda didn’t have to hold her nose while eating it. That was the challenge. Luckily rabbit was easy to cook. A few herbs, that his wife had been smart enough to bring, and a smidge of Tora peppers, her favorite spice, and he was set.
“That smells nice,” Meelaranda said as she stretched in the morning air. She had a blanket wrapped around her naked body. She was not quite ready to get dressed and face their life yet. She wanted time to enjoy Lastian’s company and suffer his food.
“Rabbit with Tora peppers. Your favorite,” Lastian beamed.
“Let’s get this straight. It is not my favorite. It is the one thing that you don’t mess up. Probably because rabbit meat has such a strong taste that you really can’t mess it up too bad.” Meelaranda grabbed some water and sat beside the fire. “But, yes, it’s my favorite thing that you can make.” She loved to tease her husband but that didn’t mean she wanted him to quit trying. It was sweet that he took the time to make her breakfast for a change.
Lastian stopped and dropped the pan into the fire. Meelaranda scooted away as fast as she could to avoid getting embers on the blanket. Lastian stood and stared off into the forest.
“What is it?” Meelaranda asked.
“I feel father.” Lastian looked over the forest again and again. He looked terrified.
“How? Doesn’t he hide from you?” the xeltheen queen asked, pulling the blanket up to cover herself.
“He must want me to know that he’s here. Get your clothes. We need to move.” Lastian grabbed Meelaranda’s water and threw it on the fire then quickly started gathering their things.
Meelaranda dropped the blanket and ran to the tent to get her clothes on. As she finished dressing Lascar stepped out of the bushes.
“I did not want to embarrass you Queen Meelaranda and I apologize for the interruption. I just need to speak with my son.” Lascar walked slowly toward Lastian.
“What do you want, father?!” Lastian yelled but didn’t stop packing.
“I have a proposition for you. I want to make a deal.” Lascar sat beside the smoldering ashes that were once a fire. He waved his hand across the coals and fire shot up from them.
Lastian turned to face his father and his anger subsided. His father was acting strangely. Lastian expected a fight, they always fought, but his father wanted to talk.
Meelaranda cautiously knelt down and grabbed the key from her pack then hid it behind her back.
“What do you want?” Lastian asked while he walked toward his father. Lascar stood up when he realized his son wasn’t going to sit with him.
“I have been at this for a very long time. You know because you have been trying to stop me for just as long. I am tired of fighting.” Lascar motioned to Meelaranda. “She is tired of fighting. I just want your mother back.”
“Again, what do you want?” Lastian was growing annoyed. His father never said what he meant. There was always some scheme at work.
“I want the keys. You give me all the keys you have found and hidden from me and I will leave you and your lovely wife alone.” Lascar turned and looked at Meelaranda. “I understand. She is the one. I see it in her eyes. She loves you more than anything.” Lascar turned back to Lastian. “Is she worth more than this fight? Just give up and I will leave you alone. I just want your mother back.”
Meelaranda rushed forward and held the key out. When the key hit Lascar in the face Lascar’s power reacted. Meelaranda’s body disintegrated right in front of Lastian’s eyes. All except for her heart, which quickly crystalized. How had Lascar not known this? Meelaranda was like them. She was at least part guardian. Who had her mother been? Lascar struggled with this for a moment then realized he had just killed his son’s wife.
Lastian just stood there looking at the spot where his whole world had been only seconds ago. He didn’t know how to react.
“Wait! I did not mean to do that. She should not have attacked me with a key. Son, I did not mean to do that! I can fix this! Please!” Lascar could see the desperation in Lastian’s eyes. His son looked like he was lost. In all the years they had fought Lascar had never seen this look on Lastian’s face. His son didn’t care anymore.
Without saying a word Lastian thrust his hand into Lascar’s chest and squeezed his father’s heart. Again Lascar’s body reacted violently. Lastian was overloaded with power. His eyes lit up blue then in seconds turned red. Lastian’s body froze in pain and convulsed as the skin on his body started burning off. Soon there was nothing left but Lastian’s heart on the ground.
Lascar was furious and he lost control. He yelled angrily at the world and power erupted from his body. The campsite and all their belongings were turned to ash in seconds leaving only a crater around Lascar. Lascar angrily snapped up Lastian and Meelaranda’s heartstones and walked off, frustrated by the world’s sick sense of humor. He offered peace and was rewarded with death. It was like the creator was making sure that Lascar would never be with Zephillia.

Chapter 2
Lethian Tyrus adjusted his black tie as he stood in the elevator. He wore a grey suit with a white, silk shirt underneath. Lethian was a fairly sizable man. Though he was shorter than most, he was very muscular, a fact even his suit couldn’t hide. His bright blue eyes stood out as did his short white hair. It would be hard not to recognize the man who owned Tyrus Electric. His appearance was unique, to say the least.
He greeted people as they got on the elevator and bid them good day when they left. He was traveling to the top floor so he got to meet everyone on the way up. A frazzled mother holding a newborn got on the elevator and nervously waved at Lethian.
“Mala?” Lethian asked, not quite sure he was using the right name or saying it correctly. He knew quite a few of his employees but he could hardly be blamed for not remembering all of them by name.
Mala was a heavier woman due to recently giving birth. She wore a sharp brown skirt and jacket with a grey, button up shirt underneath. Her brunette hair curled around her face and Lethian thought she was very attractive, as most new mothers were. The weight a woman put on during pregnancy sat differently than the weight from not taking care of her body. This coupled with the joy she felt gave off an aura of beauty that no one could miss.
“Yes, Mr. Tyrus,” Mala replied nervously as she turned to face the owner of the company.
“She is gorgeous. How old is she?” Lethian asked. He leaned in and looked the baby in the face.
“Three weeks,” Mala said quietly. She seemed a little nervous and Lethian was at a loss as to why.
Without warning the baby threw up all over Lethian’s very expensive grey suit. Even his white, silk shirt didn’t survive the blast from the child.
“I’m so sorry, Mr. Tyrus! I’m so, so sorry!” Mala was nearly on the verge of crying. She started searching through the diaper bag with her free hand, trying desperately to find something that could wipe it off.
“Mala, don’t worry. It’s just spit-up. Babies do that,” Lethian smiled. “And besides, why are you back at work so soon?” Lethian asked while rubbing the baby’s cheek with his finger. “You should be home sleeping,” he said in a silly voice.
“Umm, maternity leave doesn’t quite pay the bills.” Mala looked at her child and then back at Lethian nervously.
“What do you mean? You should be getting the same pay.” Lethian sounded frustrated. He stood up straight and his forehead wrinkled.
“Last quarter there were cutbacks. We get three quarters of our normal wage while we’re out on leave.” Mala now looked more nervous.
The elevator dinged and Mala got off quickly. Lethian followed closely behind her, scouring the office.
“Who is supervisor on this floor?” Lethian asked Mala with a calm tone. He saw people all over the floor busily working. None of them stood out as a manager so he continued to follow Mala.
“Mr. Tyrus, it’s ok. We all know that we haven’t had any new products since Kristen died. I’ll be fine.” Mala set the baby down in a make-shift crib beside her desk. She nervously looked up at Lethian, hoping he would forget about her.
“You have given me a great idea. Mala, I would like to thank you for your work here at Tyrus Electric.” Lethian said and held out his hand.
Mala looked like she was going to cry again. She wearily held out her hand.
“Am I fired?” she asked.
“What?! No! Get your things and follow me. You have given me the best idea.” Lethian strode back to the elevator. Along the way he waved to a few employees he had met before then held the elevator door for Mala and her daughter to get in. He had grabbed a napkin from one of the desks and was absentmindedly rubbing his suit and shirt.
“Where are we going?” Mala asked, still unsure of this whole situation.
“We need someone like you, a new mother, to set up fair rules for other mothers. I want maternity leave to be just a part of your job, not a punishment for bringing a life into this world. I also want you to set up daycare for children that are too young to go to school. It costs a lot more to hire two hundred babysitters than it will cost the company to hire ten committed child caretakers.” Lethian smiled at Mala.
“So will we need to pay some kind of insurance or something to cover the daycare?” Mala asked a little more confidently.
“No, of course not. It is part of the benefit of working for our company. Yes, we should use that in our recruiting messages. Mala, you are a born natural at this job. Why are you sitting at a desk doing inventory work?” Lethian smiled at her but the look on her face was total confusion.
“What? It was all your idea,” Mala protested. Not five minutes ago she was heading to work, ready to start another boring day entering inventory. Now, she was with the owner of the company heading to the top floors.
“I’m just giving you a little push in the right direction. Treat mothers, and fathers for that matter, with respect. Show them we care about their families and we get loyal, dedicated employees. Let’s see Hythal match that benefits package. No, wait.” Lethian kept going and Mala struggled to keep up with him. Everything was a blur. Lethian was talking and thinking so fast that she had no idea what he was talking about. “Let’s do it one better. New mothers need longer maternity leave. What do you think is fair? One month with your newborn is too short. How about one month at home and then one month at half days. With full pay, of course. To get the baby used to the daycare. That is perfect. Mala, why have you been sitting at that desk for so long? You are a born leader. Oh yes, we will need to make special arrangements for mothers that breastfeed.” Lethian continued on bewildering Mala even more. “There will need to be special feeding rooms…this could take up a whole floor…”
“Why are we trying to get new employees if we’re not making money?” Mala asked concerned. It was the predominant thought in her mind. She couldn’t even keep up with Lethian’s ramblings.
“Bah, who says we’re not making money? I’ve only been gone for two years. Who is in charge around here?” Lethian asked rhetorically. He smiled at Mala, he knew exactly who was in charge. Maybe not in charge of her floor, but who was running the company, that he knew.
“But we’ve been told that the cutbacks are because the company is losing money.” Mala was completely confused now. While her bosses were telling her that the company was losing money, the one man who should know these things was saying the opposite.
“I will need to talk to all the floor managers. Something got misinterpreted somewhere. You see, sometimes people get used to making money hand over fist. When that money drops to a steady flow they get scared. I’m not scared. We need to invest in our employees if we want to see the company continue to flourish. What’s a few million dollars a year when the company makes hundreds of millions in profit? Alienating employees is the first step to killing this place.” Lethian held the doors to the elevator while Mala walked out. “Maybe the managers are the ones that need a pay cut.” Lethian laughed and Mala cringed.
Mala’s head swirled. How had this happened? One minute she was a data entry clerk struggling to make ends meet. Now she was going to be in charge of a whole department.
“Twenty ninth floor. I need to find out which office is empty. Now, I have confidence in you. The second floor is mostly used for temps and storage. That would be the perfect place for a daycare. I’ll let Mephnia know that you are in charge and that your first year budget will be a little large. Seeing as you will have to interview potential caregivers, survey parents that work here with kids the right age and you will need to…” Lethian noticed the very small, thin, blonde woman. She was in high heels and a tight, black skirt  and staring at him angrily.
Mephnia Stulman had short blonde hair and blue eyes. She was very thin and didn’t have much in the way of a chest. She looked driven and angry. She had on a button-up white shirt and her makeup was impeccable. She was a serious woman whom everyone took very seriously, well, everyone except Lethian.
“I’ll get it set up. You look for an empty office,” Lethian instructed. He walked down the hall, rubbing the spit up from his shirt with the napkin he had grabbed.
“Lethian! What are you up to now?” The blonde woman crossed her arms and glared at him.
“Mephnia, how are you?” Lethian smiled.
“I’d be better if you didn’t keep coming up with these crazy ideas and expecting me to finish them.” Mephnia spun on her heels and walked away from him.
“This one is a good idea. Not that the last one was bad.” Lethian said recalling his last idea.
“No, that one increased profits by one percent but that’s not the point. You drop these things in my lap and expect me to make them work.” Mephnia scolded.
“Meph?” Lethian started
“Don’t call me that,” Mephnia replied sternly.
“Mephie!” Lethian said more upbeat.
Mephnia let out a small laugh and a smile started. She pointed to a small office that was vacant.
“She can use this one,” Mephnia grinned. She couldn’t help it. Lethian was ridiculous but always right.
“Mala!” Lethian yelled down the hall. “Mephnia found a free office for you!” Lethian pointed into the open doorway and lifted his eyebrows toward Mala. “It looks nice!”
“Thank you, Mr. Tyrus,” Mala said meekly as she walked into the office.
“Please call me Lethian. Mr. Tyrus sounds silly.” Lethian walked out of Mala’s new office and headed back to the elevator. Mephnia quickly followed him.
“You’ll like this one,” Lethian said over his shoulder.
“What is it this time?” Mephnia asked crossly.
“Umm, maternity support technician?” Lethian raised one eyebrow as he looked back at her.
“That sounds stupid. Sounds like she is going to be getting up into a mother’s business to take measurements or something. How about Family Care Administrator.” Mephnia suggested.
“Damn, you’re good. Ideas just fall out of your mouth don’t they?” Lethian laughed.
“Wait! You did that on purpose didn’t you?” Mephnia asked as she followed him into the elevator. Lethian did this frequently and she fell for it every time.
“What?” Lethian asked innocently.
“You made me name it so that it’s my idea. Just like you probably gave that poor woman a job she can’t possibly handle.” Mephnia looked cross again. The elevator traveled up to the next floor and they both got off.
“It’s a new job, what’s there to handle? She can make up the responsibilities as she goes along. She should just hire people under her to do the stuff she can’t manage. I saw something in her. Something that warranted making up a new position. And this situation with paying new mothers seventy five percent of their normal pay? That needs to stop right now.” Lethian walked down the hall to a large set of double doors.
“I will see that maternity pay is full pay. But what could you possibly have seen in the five minutes you’ve known her?” Mephnia asked, still upset with him.
Lethian turned and his expression turned serious.
“A new mother brought her baby to work with her because this job is her only source of income. She was willing to sit with a crying newborn and get her job done. Are you telling me that this woman can’t handle an administrative job? She can handle much more than I just threw at her. I’m giving her a chance to prove it.” Lethian turned back to the door and Mephnia caught his arm.
“I’m sorry. Yes, she’s perfect.” Mephnia rolled her eyes and looked at Lethian in disbelief. “As usual, you know what’s best.”
Lethian laughed.
“I messed up a few years ago didn’t I?” Lethian winked.
Mephnia punched him in the arm.
“Whatever. Go meet with the world leaders before they start arguing and declaring war.” Mephnia smiled and walked back down the hall.
While she walked she thought about Lethian’s definition of ‘messing up’. Nearly four years ago Lethian had the grand idea that hiring teenagers for after school jobs was a way to give back to the community. The kids were set up to sell the company’s newest cell phones at shops around town. The problem was that nearly half of the cell phones went missing. It was suspected that the teens gave them to friends who couldn’t afford them. Publicly this was a huge failure for the company but secretly Lethian had anticipated this very thing. He never pressed charges and didn’t even look into the missing phones. In the next quarter their new cell phone became the most desired phone on the market. By letting the teens steal a few brand new phones he had executed an expensive but very lucrative marketing scheme. Now, not only, did the teens all want the phones their friends had but seeing these phones all over the news, adults wanted the phones as well. Anything that created this much fuss, a phone people were willing to steal, it must be good. In all, the company lost between two to three hundred phones but in the next quarter they sold thousands.

Chapter 3
Lethian shut the double doors after he entered and the murmurs in the room went silent. There were four desks with chairs lined up in front of a raised desk. At the first desk sat an older human woman. She looked to be in her late sixties. She had grey hair that looked like it had once been blonde. She was thin and fit for her age. She smiled at Lethian when he walked in. She had known him a very long time and they were good friends.
The second desk was empty and in the third sat a draelic man who was very nervous. He wore a general’s uniform that had been modified. He had the prime minister’s large half bar on his shoulder but even this didn’t give the man confidence. He was the first male prime minister since Grulek’s death. Grulek had been a good prime minister that served with his wife Iris until the day he died but the draelic were reluctant to give another man a shot, at least until now.
At the fourth desk, one that was slightly larger than the rest, sat a scaldreth woman. She had dull green scales and was larger than her peers, possibly a foot or more taller than even the draelic. When she noticed Lethian approach she got to her feet.
“We have three new leaders this year,” Lethian announced. “And you all should know my good friend Shara.” Lethian motioned to the human woman who smiled kindly back.
“I don’t believe you are who you say you are!” the scaldreth woman hissed. She looked at him menacingly.
“You’re welcome to test me.” Lethian raised his eyebrows, taunting the scaldreth.
The xanthan leader returned from the bathroom and sat in his seat. He seemed as nervous as the draelic man. Perhaps it was because a large scaldreth woman was challenging the man who brought them together. Or maybe it was just the fact that he was here at all that made him so nervous.
The scaldreth woman unsheathed a sword and lunged at Lethian. Lethian adeptly caught her wrist and flipped her over. The scaldreth landed on her feet and came at him again. She snapped at him with her vicious teeth and caught his arm. Lethian looked down at the blood on his silk shirt that had once been white and sighed in exasperation.
“Come on, Narla. First a baby pukes on me and now I have blood all over my arm. Biting is cheating. I just got this shirt too,” Lethian rolled his eyes at the scaldreth who laughed.
“Sorry, Dhrel. I was just goofing around,” Narla giggled in her deep voice. The draelic and the xeltheen man both looked terrified and tried to force smiles on their faces.
“It’s fine. Come here you crazy lizard.” Dhrel held out his arms and hugged the large lizard woman who hugged him back.
“How are you doing brother?” Narla asked more seriously.
“I miss her,” Dhrel replied. “How are you?”
“It’s hard to fill mother’s shoes. It’s always ‘your mother would have done this’ or ‘if your grandmother were still alive’,” Narla hissed.
“Kleth was a pretty amazing woman. They treated your mother the same way at first. They will give you a chance. Someday it will be ‘Narla would have done this better’, you’ll see.” Dhrel patted Narla on the back and rolled up his bloody sleeve. The wound had healed already, he was just trying to cover the bloody sleeve because he thought it was distracting.
The draelic man stood up and then knelt.
“King Dhrel, I didn’t believe it was you. I…I…” the draelic man couldn’t figure out what to say next.
“I’m not king. I’m just Dhrel.” Dhrel walked over and offered his hand to the kneeling draelic. The man took his hand and stood at least a head taller than Dhrel when he was standing straight again.
“In this room, every third year. You are king,” the xeltheen man said sternly. “The rest of the world may not know nor appreciate it but you, sir, are the king of Lascaria.”
“I appreciate it, but seriously, we have no king. I gave up my throne centuries ago. We plan out how to keep the world safe every third year but that doesn’t make me king.” Dhrel took his seat at his desk.
“Any news?” Shara asked.
“Yes, we’ll get to that.” Dhrel looked at the four world leaders with pity. “I always give a speech, sort of a ‘what to expect’, kind of thing for new leaders. Strange that we have three new leaders at the same time. I guess this saves time. Next meeting I won’t have to break in a new leader, unless you’re planning on retiring finally.” Dhrel looked at Shara.
“Heavens no!” Shara exclaimed. “I’d miss your smiling face.”
Shara’s flirtation was part joke and part regret. She had a thing for Dhrel when she was younger. She and Dhrel had spent a few years together before they both realized they didn’t love each other. They were good friends, better lovers, but not in love with each other. They parted ways and Shara found a husband whom she loved with all her heart. He had died five years ago, so seeing Dhrel every third year was as close as she was going to get to love now.
“Good, I’d be lost without you,” Dhrel smiled at her kindly.
“Well, I guess I’ll get it over with,” Dhrel started. “I assembled this council about two hundred years ago when my sister started to unravel the mysteries of that ship the humans crashed here. She reverse engineered much of their technology and even improved on some of it but the world was getting out of control. The new technology made the world a smaller place and when people feel cramped they tend to argue.” Dhrel pointed at the draelic man and the xeltheen. “Norzen and Xanthan started a war with each other over a land dispute.” Dhrel said this with contempt. “So to put an end to the war, Kriista and I brought the leaders of the world, not voluntarily, mind you, to a meeting just like this one. We sat there for days after they got over the shock of seeing both of us and realizing that we were actually Dhrel and Kriista. In the end we struck a truce. We split the lands in question on an agreeable point and the war was over. From then on the leaders called us to settle disputes. Finally, after a few of these we decided that it was better to meet every three years and discuss problems before they become problems. Fifty years ago we invited the scaldreth to join us. Narla’s mother was the first scaldreth to sit here and I am honored that her daughter is here today.”
It almost looked like Narla was blushing but it was hard to tell. The scales around her neck had turned a slight pink color.
“This year marks the eleventh year since my sister was kidnapped by what we have determined are necromancers practicing some form of Lascar worship. We have no idea where they took her or why, just that they have her.” Dhrel looked depressed by this admission.
The xeltheen raised his hand.
“This isn’t school. We’re all equals here. Just stand and speak. I’ll only intervene if the argument gets out of hand,” Dhrel said as he walked to the front of the desk and sat on it.
The xeltheen man stood and began.
“Is it true that Lascar is breaking free?” he asked.
Quickly the draelic man stood, this was apparently his question as well.
“So it’s true? Lascar is trapped somewhere?” the draelic asked.
“I was getting to that,” Dhrel smiled. He looked at Shara and raised his eyebrows. “They always ask the same thing don’t they?”
“It’s what we all fear,” Shara replied.
“Ok, I’ll skip to that part. Yes, Lascar is breaking free. My sister and I, with my father’s help, trapped him in one of the artifacts. A piece of a much larger machine. These are the same artifacts that give us electricity. At first Kriista thought that our energy consumption was causing the artifacts to fail but recently I have found out that Lascar is the reason. He is forcing his way out and the machine is too tired to keep him in much longer.”
“What are we going to do?” the xeltheen man asked panicked.
“Don’t worry. I have a plan to stop him.” Dhrel looked uneasy now.
“What is this plan?” the draelic asked quickly.
“He’s not going to tell us and I for one don’t want that responsibility on my head,” Shara replied for Dhrel.
“I support you Dhrel. Whatever you need, let me know and the scaldreth will be behind you,” Narla added.
“Thank you, but if all goes well, I won’t need your help. If, on the other hand, it all blows up in my face you will be my first call,” Dhrel winked at Narla.
“So we just trust that you can handle it?” the xeltheen asked.
“Please understand. This is not a fight for umm…mortals.” Dhrel wasn’t sure what to call them. To his sister he referred to them as normals but he thought this term might come off as offensive.
“The draelic want to help. We will fight to our last man and err woman.” The draelic stood and looked determined, if not afraid.
Dhrel stood and motioned to Narla who proceeded to throw him her sword.
“Come,” Dhrel said. When neither of them moved he motioned and said it more forcefully. “Come.”
The draelic and the xeltheen walked up to Dhrel and faced him.
“Why just us?” the xeltheen asked.
“Because we’ve seen it many times before,” Shara replied and looked at Narla knowingly.
Dhrel handed the sword to the large draelic man, who he still didn’t know by name.
“Now, kill me.” Dhrel looked serious.
“What?” the draelic gasped.
“He’s serious. Try to kill him. Don’t worry he won’t fight back and it won’t hurt him,” Narla instructed. “Stab him through the heart.”
Apprehensively the draelic pulled the sword back and Dhrel stretched out his arms. The draelic hesitated so Dhrel grabbed the sword and forced the draelic to plunge it into his heart. The room turned blue as Dhrel’s eyes lit up.
“How can you fight someone like me? It’s suicide. Let me handle it.” Dhrel said calmly as he removed the bloody sword from his chest.
The xeltheen stood with his mouth agape. He had heard stories but what he had just witnessed was beyond even those. Dhrel was truly immortal. If Lascar was the same as him they didn’t stand a chance.
“I apologize, my king. You know best,” the xeltheen bowed and returned to his seat.
“I told you I’m not the king,” Dhrel argued.
“Dhrel,” Narla said condescendingly. “You’re the king.”
Dhrel looked at Shara for help but she just shrugged her shoulders.
“You are,” Shara stated. “And when you get Kriista back, she will still be the queen. It’s just the way it is.” Narla shook her head in agreement.
Dhrel conceded and sat back in his chair. His shirt was now a total mess. Luckily he had shirts in the meeting room for this exact reason. New leaders didn’t always realize how powerful his family was. They needed to be shown.
Over the next few hours they discussed many things pertaining to the countries. The topics ranged from the new trade agreements between xanthan and the scaldreth to the new plans to allow non-scaldreth to visit the continent of Brizen.
The scaldreth economy was taking off like wildfire and with the new technology that Tyrus Electric was providing them it was only logical that the next step be integration. There was even talk about Brizen and Lascaria merging into a new nation. Tyrillia, Xanthan and Norzen were now considered states of the nation called Lascaria, it was just a matter of time before the scaldreth asked to join. The meeting was left with more questions than answers. Narla, being the new leader of the scaldreth, would have a hard time convincing them that joining Lascaria was the best choice but Dhrel offered to assist her after Lascar was dealt with. They had three years before the next meeting. Plenty of time to convince the scaldreth to join.

Chapter 4
Lexianna Tyrus walked down the street holding her boyfriend’s hand. Lexi had grown into a strong, beautiful woman. Her long curly, purple hair went down to her waist but she had it tied up in a braid today. Now that she was nineteen it was easy to see the resemblance to her mother Kristin Tyrus. Although she didn’t have the skin coloring nor the horns of a draelic, her body shape, fangs and hair told a different story. Lexi was short but muscular like her mother, making her boyfriend look very frail beside her.
Although Billy Horthus was taller than Lexi, she made him look small in comparison. Billy was a thin human. He had neatly cut brown hair with a full beard and mustache that were also neatly trimmed. He had let his hair and facial hair grow out once but Lexi objected so he made a compromise. Despite his lack of physical prowess, Lexi found him attractive. He was a computer programmer at her uncle Lethian’s company. Being three years older than Lexi he took two years of college and then begged Lethian to give him a chance. Lethian had reservations but Billy’s meeting didn’t go at all like he expected.
Lethian had known Billy for many years. Lethian got along with him and Lexi spoke of him often. Lethian had a pretty good idea of what Billy was like but his professional attitude and preparedness caught him off guard. The version of Billy that walked in to the meeting that day was not the same nervous, quiet young man that had sat at his table for dinner many times. Billy had brought a program he had written. This program produced production reports based on the weekly progress reports that the team leaders turned in and pulled all the important information into one concise list. It wasn’t innovative and it wasn’t fancy, it was useful. Lethian was impressed. Lethian escorted Billy to the lead programmer’s office and Billy started the next day.
Billy noticed that Lexi was distracted. She seemed to have a lot on her mind and he was pretty sure he knew exactly what was bothering her
“Do you want to visit their graves tomorrow?” Billy asked meekly. Lexi was very touchy when it came to her mother and father. Billy had learned to avoid this subject at all costs but tomorrow was the anniversary of their deaths. Around this time of year the horrible conversation, and the emotions that went with it, were unavoidable.
“Yes, Billy,” Lexi replied curtly.
Something was different this year. Depression and frustration was normal but her distraction and the hint of anger in her voice was new.
“If you want to talk. I’m here to listen, Lexi,” Billy said.
Lexi looked into Billy’s eyes and he saw the tears forming.
“I’m nineteen. I should be looking for colleges with my dad. I should be talking about boys with my mom.” A tear rolled down her cheek and Billy caught it with his index finger. Billy didn’t say a word, there was nothing he could say. He couldn’t make it better, all he could do was listen.
“He should be nagging me to get a job, do something with my life. She should be pushing me to find a boy to marry. Lethian is good to me, don’t get me wrong, but he’s too soft on me.” Lexi smiled at Billy then started mimicking her uncle. “’Oh you want to go waste your life sitting around watching Billy work? Yes, Lexi that sounds like a great idea.’” Lexi giggled then her voice returned to normal. “I think I could rob a bank, take someone hostage and ride away in a stolen car and he would somehow blame them. I mean, seriously, what kind of uncle does that?”
“The best kind. One that loves you very much,” Billy replied.
Lexi smiled at Billy and kissed him on the cheek.
“And people wonder what I see in you?” Lexi grabbed his hand and started walking again.
“Is there something else bothering you?” Billy asked. He was incredibly perceptive when it came to Lexi. Probably because she was the most important thing in his life.
“Just a lot on my mind. Not sure what I want to do with my life. I don’t want a handout from my uncle.” Lexi realized how horrible it sounded as she said it. She looked at Billy and realized how badly she had hurt his feelings. “I didn’t mean you. You impressed uncle Lethian. He went on and on about how you didn’t try to dazzle him. Your ideas were productive and useful instead of flashy.”
“It’s ok, I know what you meant.” Though he wouldn’t admit it, he was glad she explained. She had hurt his feelings.
“You know what I’m saying right? I’m not talented like you. I don’t even know what I want to do yet. Lethian would just stick me in an office and have me ordering supplies or something. I want more than that.” Lexi felt she hadn’t apologized enough so she stopped and gave Billy a hug. “Don’t let my ramblings upset you. I’m frustrated with myself not you or Lethian.”
“I know what you should do,” Billy said as they started walking again.
“What?” Lexi asked.
“Two things sound perfect for you. First one is a cop. Work your way up to detective, something like that?” Billy asked.
“Maybe,” Lexi pondered. It did sound like interesting work.
“The second is to go to business school and get a degree in administration then ask your uncle to put you in charge of a department. He’s always looking for bright people with new ideas. It would be a rough job, from the looks of it, but you can handle it.” Billy was serious about this. Lexi had great ideas even if she didn’t realize it.
“That actually sounds kind of fun. Bossing people around,” Lexi teased.
“It’s not just bossing…oh, I see what you did there.” Billy laughed.
“Seriously though, it sounds fun being responsible for the productivity of a whole department. Going into the family business also has its perks. Not like I’ll get fired unless I really screw it up.” Lexi was seriously considering this option and it made Billy feel good. For once he was the one with the good idea.
“Speaking of the family business…Have you noticed that Mephnia is hanging around your uncle a lot? Is there something going on there?” Billy asked. For a second he thought Lexi looked nervous but maybe he had just caught her off guard.
“You know, she was at the house the other day and I noticed the same thing. I told uncle Lethian that he should just ask her out but you know how he is. He went on about inappropriate conduct and how she is his employee, stuff like that.” Lexi giggled.
“He really needs to find a girlfriend or something. He’s always so serious. Wouldn’t kill him to have some fun once in a while,” Billy added.

Chapter 5
“Everything go ok?!” Mephnia yelled after Lethian as he walked out the doors of Tyrus Electric. She picked up the pace, stumbled and nearly tripped as one of her high heels got stuck in a crack in the sidewalk.
Lethian stopped and helped her free herself. Mephnia looked into Lethian’s eyes longingly. Her boss quickly turned and continued walking down the street.
“It went as well as could be expected,” he said over his shoulder. Lethian seemed like he was in a hurry.
“Slow down,” Mephnia ordered and Lethian obeyed.
“Sorry, have a lot to do tonight.” Although Lethian walked slower, he didn’t wait for her to catch up.
“I know you do but can’t we talk for a minute? I’m going to be gone tomorrow for who knows how long. Can we just talk?” Mephnia begged.
“That’s exactly why I’m in a hurry,” Lethian replied as he used his key card to open the door of an upscale apartment building.
He held the door for Mephnia then walked quickly passed her to the elevator. Mephnia followed behind him, trying to keep up.
“I guess I’m glad you have an apartment so close to work now. I always considered it the hideout of a workaholic trying to stay close to what he loved the most.” Mephnia frowned.
“In a way, I was,” Lethian grinned seductively at her.
As the doors to the elevator shut Mephnia grabbed Lethian and pushed him against the back wall. She kissed down his neck and unbuttoned his shirt, nearly tearing the buttons off. She ran her fingers through his hair while Lethian enjoyed the savagery.
“Miss Stulman. I do believe that it is very inappropriate for you to assault your boss like this,” Lethian teased while Mephnia continued to ravage him.
Mephnia worked her way up his neck and nibbled on his ear while she whispered. “Shut the hell up, Dhrel.” His smile widened.
Mephnia quickly stepped away from Dhrel and straightened her clothes when the elevator doors opened. Dhrel pulled his shirt together and tried to look innocent. A sharply dressed woman stepped on to the elevator and pushed the button for the bottom floor. Nervously Mephnia looked at Dhrel and motioned with her eyes but he didn’t understand.
“We’re on our way to the top,” Mephnia said nervously.
“I’m in no hurry,” the woman replied, causing Mephnia to panic.
“Sorry, Mr. Tyrus,” Mephnia quickly put herself between the woman and Dhrel. She pulled a tissue from her purse and rubbed Dhrel’s neck. “You got something on your neck.”
“Oh, I’m such a klutz,” Dhrel said trying to help. “Must have gotten it when I was eating lunch.”
“Looks like ketchup maybe?” Mephnia asked. She knew exactly what it was, her deep red lipstick, Dhrel’s favorite.
Finally they were at the top floor and Mephnia let out a sigh of relief as she made her way around the woman, followed by Dhrel.
“Have a nice day, miss.” Dhrel nodded to her before the doors closed.
“You too, Mr. Tyrus,” the woman replied.
After the doors closed Mephnia looked crossly at Dhrel.
“We have to be more careful,” Mephnia whispered nervously.
“It’s fine. Not much longer and it won’t matter who finds out,” Dhrel countered. “And you started it,” he smiled.
“I sincerely hope so, this is killing me. Not telling anyone. I want all our friends and family to know.” Mephnia unlocked the door to the very expensive apartment.
Dhrel smirked then headed in behind her. Not because he was flattered but because he also wanted to tell the world. If it was up to him he would announce it on TV. He had never met anyone quite like her. She wasn’t like Shye. Whereas Shye was friendly and outgoing in public and timid in the bedroom, Mephnia was the opposite. Mephnia was reserved and followed Dhrel’s lead in public but in the bedroom she knew exactly what she wanted and Dhrel better damn well give it to her. A trait he was quite fond of.
Dhrel shut the door and locked it, then turned to face Mephnia. Mephnia looked at Dhrel lustfully and started toward him slowly.
“We have less than twenty four hours. I, for one, want to make the most of it.” Mephnia pushed him against the door, ferociously unbuttoned his shirt then made her way to his pants. She took a moment to take in the results of her labor, marveling at how well Dhrel was built. He was muscular and lean. He didn’t have a tan, Dhrel’s body wouldn’t allow him to tan, but he was handsome. Possibly the most handsome man she had ever seen. Maybe it was her lust and love for him talking but she didn’t care, he was undeniably handsome to her.
Dhrel stared up at the ceiling and looked almost disgusted.
“Please change,” Dhrel pleaded. He sounded like he was whining.
Mephnia took a step back and crossed her arms. She looked upset but Dhrel could tell that she was just faking it. It was part of what made their relationship work, they loved to tease each other.
“You know how many guys would love to have sex with a woman other than their wife? I mean, seriously, you don’t even have to feel guilty about it.” Mephnia tried to look cross but the smile on her face gave her away.
“There’s something wrong with wanting to have sex with my wife on the last day I get to see her for who knows how long?” Dhrel grinned and leaned against the door.
“What are my boobs too small?” She uncrossed her arms and pushed her breasts up to make them look bigger. “Don’t you like blondes?” Mephnia asked, still trying to keep up the charade.
“Well for one, I like my women to have long black, curly hair.” Dhrel began.
“I’d call it wavy not curly but meh. Neither here nor there. What else?” Mephnia just kept going, she was having way too much fun.
“Yes, I prefer larger breasts.” Dhrel smiled, Mephnia was being silly and he couldn’t help but play along.
“Next you’re going to say that I’m too short.” Mephnia’s grin spread even farther.
“Ok, you wanna do this? You’re too short and too skinny. I want a woman with some hips at least. Your eyes are the wrong color and hmm what else?” Dhrel teased.
“Ok, ok, that’s enough.” Mephnia started laughing. “I get the point.”
“Then please change,” Dhrel begged again.
“Fine,” Mephnia feigned indignance but her face told a different story. She started to take off her clothes. She was glad that Dhrel wasn’t interested in another woman, even if the woman was really her underneath.
“I like it when you change. It’s like a strip tease with a nice surprise at the end,” Dhrel laughed.
“Cause I can’t fit into these puny clothes made for teenagers. Even Lexi can’t fit into these,” Mephnia laughed as she removed the last of her clothing. “Ogling the blonde now?” Mephnia asked.
“No, just waiting,” he said excitedly.
Mephnia slowly transformed into a stunning woman almost Dhrel’s height with long, black, wavy hair. In a few moments Kaelestra stood in front of him.
“Better, dear?” she asked putting her hands on her hips.
“Now that’s the woman I married.” Dhrel stared longingly at his beautiful wife.
“You’re lucky you’re so damn charming.” Kaelestra crossed her arms and smiled at him.
“I’ve wondered. Is this the real you or do you choose what you look like?” Dhrel asked, walking closer to her.
“Why? Do you want bigger boobs? Too heavy?” she asked.
“No, mostly just curious. How could I improve on this?” Dhrel ran his hand from her shoulder, down her waist and then across her hip. “Damn.”
“Yes, this is what I really look like. Druids are born with a normal body, just like everyone else. We learn to change later.” Kaelestra watched Dhrel’s other hand as he moved it in a similar way to her other hip. She let out a gasp as he grabbed both hips and pulled her closer.
“So you’re not really a guy?” Dhrel teased.
“No, I can’t turn into a guy. Turning into the opposite sex is not really a thing.” Kaelestra leaned in closer.
“Why is that?” Dhrel started kissing her neck.
“You have to be able to feel like the thing or person you are turning into. I have no idea how to feel like a guy.” Kaelestra explained with a grin. She moaned as Dhrel sucked on her neck lightly.
“Good,” Dhrel kissed down her neck to her collar bone.
“Watch it buddy. You’re starting something. Sure you can finish it?” she laughed.
“That’s the plan.” Dhrel kissed her on the lips.
“That’s it. You’ve done it now.” Kaelestra tore his shirt the rest of the way off and pushed him toward the bedroom.
“My plan worked!” Dhrel laughed and he let Kaelestra guide him. He could have stopped her but that was half the fun and their relationship was fun for Dhrel. A release from secretly directing Lascaria and now, possibly, Brizen. The time he spent with Kaelestra took his mind off of his family as well. He didn’t have to think about his grandfather slowly breaking his way out of his prison nor his sister who had been missing for eleven years. The only thing he thought about when he was with Kaelestra was her. In the simplest terms, she made him happy.
A few hours later they were both worn out and Kaelestra laid beside Dhrel as he looked up at the ceiling, lost in thought. She drew invisible designs on his chest with her long fingernails and thanked the creator for putting them together. She thought about the circumstances that brought them together and a crooked smile crossed her lips.
It had been three years after Kriista’s disappearance. At the same time that Kriista was attacked and abducted, her father, Gromthule was also attacked. Gromthule disappeared just like Kriista and Kaelestra came to Tyrillia City to search for him. She posed as a petite blonde woman, Mephnia Stulman. She got hired at Tyrus Electric as a department manager and slowly worked until she became very valuable to the company. The whole time she secretly searched the city for her father. One day at a performance review, alone with Dhrel in his office, she realized how attracted she really was to the man Dhrel had grown into. Dhrel was like his father, Lastian, whom she had a crush on so many years ago, only more confident and comfortable with himself. In that meeting Kaelestra, posing as Mephnia, first had feelings for Dhrel. It would be another month before she worked up the courage to ask him out. Dhrel was pleasantly surprised and receptive when she had finally worked up the courage. Dhrel took her out to a fast food restaurant. At first she was disappointed but the food was decent and the company was quite pleasant. After their dinner Dhrel explained the reason behind the fast food restaurant. He was rich and very recognizable. If the cheap food and modest evening didn’t turn the woman off then he knew she was worth getting to know. Also, it gave him time to really talk and get to know the woman. She wouldn’t be talking about all the beautiful dresses the other women wore nor how fancy the food was. All there was to talk about at a fast food restaurant was herself. If instead she complained or talked down about all the people that came in to eat, then it would be the last date.
Kaelestra had passed the test but was a little annoyed that Dhrel tested the women he dated. Then on the way out of the restaurant it happened. The thing that changed Kaelestra’s mind. It was the strangest coincidence and if it wasn’t for this one thing, Kaelestra might not have even accepted a second date.
Two armed men came into the restaurant and forced everyone to the back room. They proceeded to take everyone’s money and clean out the register. Apparently someone had secretly called the police because within a few minutes the robbery turned into a hostage situation.
Dhrel turned to her and whispered that he was going to distract the men and try to save all the patrons. He ordered her to sneak far to the back as soon as he had their attention. Kaelestra got angry. She snapped at him and argued that he needed help. She would get all of the patrons far in the back, possibly out the back door if she could while Dhrel held the attention of the hostage takers. Dhrel looked at her and saw her determination and gladly accepted her help. She never forgot the look on his face that night. It was appreciation, he wanted her help but was too stubborn or too afraid to ask for it.
This was the first time in her long life that a man she was interested in hadn’t treated her like a helpless child. Dhrel gave the signal and distracted the men. Kaelestra got everyone to the freezer, with its thick walls, she figured it would protect them from the bullets and it worked. Dhrel was shot in the side while disarming the men but hid it from the police while he gave his statement. What was more endearing to her was the fact that Dhrel credited Mephnia with saving everyone. Dhrel told them he was just the distraction. He went on to explain how Mephnia had gotten all the people to safety by intelligently putting them in the safest room in the restaurant.
Dhrel tried to hide his wound from Kaelestra as well, saying he had just gotten punched in the ribs. He said his goodbyes and called her a cab to take her home but Kaelestra ditched the cab and followed him up to his apartment, the same one they were in now. She knocked on the door and Dhrel let her in. She didn’t give him a chance to refuse her. She practically jumped on him but Dhrel pushed her away. He tried to hide the blood under his jacket. Kaelestra pushed him onto the couch and took off her clothes. Dhrel sat there with a concerned look on his face. He was attracted to the blonde woman in front of him but he could never tell her the truth of who he was. His wound was nearly healed but it would cause too many questions. The blood covering his shirt would also be cause for alarm. Then as Kaelestra transformed into herself a huge smile came across Dhrel’s face. He pulled his jacket off, stood up and kissed her passionately. That was when Kaelestra knew it, she loved him. He was unlike any man she had ever met before. He didn’t see her as a helpless little girl, he didn’t feel the need to protect her. For the first time Kaelestra had what she had always been looking for, someone who thought of her as an equal.
Dhrel also found what he had been looking for that night. He had spent so much time thinking about Shye and grieving for her that he needed someone who was the complete opposite. He had always found Kaelestra attractive but her personality caught him off guard. She didn’t remind him of Shye, like many of his previous girlfriends had. He didn’t feel guilty having sex with her. When he was with her he was completely comfortable and although it took much longer for Dhrel to admit it, he fell in love that night as well. They were secretly married a little over a year after their first date.
Kaelestra pulled herself from her daydream and looked down at her husband, something she never thought she’d have. She knew this night was the reason he was so quiet. His silence and preoccupation were because of what he needed to do. Kaelestra leaned in and kissed Dhrel on the lips. The sun was nearly up, they had sat there silently for hours. Each of them lost in their own thoughts. If everything went well tomorrow they would see each other in a week maybe two but if things went horribly wrong, like they tended to do with his family, it could be years before they would see each other again.
“I’m going to miss you,” Dhrel said after her kiss drug him from his anxiety.
“Your plan will work. I believe in you. Don’t doubt yourself.” Kaelestra laid her head on his chest and drew circles on his stomach.
“This isn’t part of my plan,” Dhrel argued.
“I know but we’re out of options and out of time. Lascar will be free any day now. We need to get Kriista back.” Kaelestra looked at her husband caringly. She was thankful for his strength. There was no way she could do what he was about to do.
“You’re stronger than your father. Maybe…” Dhrel started but Kaelestra put her finger over his lips.
“I’ve tried. My father is a natural. He can hide his magic. I just can’t do it. It has to be this way. I will be fine,” Kaelestra consoled her husband.
“I hope so. This could all be over. We won’t have to hide anymore. Well, we still couldn’t tell people who we really are but we could let everyone know we’re married and you could look like yourself again.” Dhrel was trying to convince himself more than he was her. He was the one having doubts not his wife.
Kaelestra moved her hand to his sides and, with her long nails tickled, him. Dhrel shot straight up and knocked her to the side.
“Hey, that’s no fair,” Dhrel laughed.
Kaelestra laid on her back and burst out laughing.
“I can’t believe that the most powerful man in the world is ticklish.” Kaelestra saw the look in his eyes and pulled the sheet over her head. “Don’t you dare,” she warned.
“Oh, but you are far more ticklish than I am,” Dhrel said. He slid one hand under the sheets and she tried to scoot away. Dhrel caught her with his other hand to keep her from sliding out of bed and she screamed.
“No, quit…stop!” Kaelestra laughed but Dhrel didn’t stop until she could barely breathe.
“You shouldn’t start things you can’t finish,” Dhrel teased.
Kaelestra gently put her hand on his cheek and stopped laughing.
“It’s time,” Kaelestra said somberly.
“Can’t we just…” Dhrel started.
“No, it’s time,” Kaelestra interrupted. “You can feel him waking up. It’s only a matter of days now.”
“I know,” Dhrel replied crossly. “Why did I ever come up with this stupid plan?”
“Because it is the only way to end this.” Kaelestra slid out of bed and walked to the center of the bedroom. She looked at the floor. “Not here, I don’t want to mess up the carpet.”
“I’ll replace the carpet, dear.” Dhrel sounded sad.
“No, the bathroom,” Kaelestra said sharply then walked into the bathroom, naked.
“Don’t you want to put some clothes on? Your father will be here soon.” Dhrel asked.
“No, he’s seen me naked a million times. I’m a druid, it’s not a big deal. Well half druid or three quarters?” Kaelestra was going over things that they had been through a thousand times, she was nervous. “Besides, I don’t want to mess up any of my clothes. I like my clothes.” Her anxiety was rising quickly.
“You are three quarters druid and one quarter guardian. You sure you want to risk this? What if one quarter guardian isn’t enough?” Dhrel pulled his pants on and followed Kaelestra to the bathroom.
“It’s enough, dear. It’s gonna hurt, isn’t it?” Kaelestra was getting more nervous the longer she spoke.
“It will probably hurt. I’m sorry,” Dhrel replied.
“Don’t be sorry, honey. I volunteered. I’m the only one that can do this.” Kaelestra put her hands on Dhrel’s face and pulled him in for a kiss. “Just hold me for a minute. Tell me it’s going to be ok. I’m scared.”
Dhrel put his arms around his wife and hugged her.
“When you’re ready just promise that you will do it quickly. I don’t…” Kaelestra gasped and her eyes grew wide. She looked terrified and in pain.
Tears fell from Dhrel’s eyes and he released Kaelestra. Her lifeless body fell to the bathroom floor and the whole floor was soon covered with blood. In Dhrel’s hands he held her heart. The blood went up his arm to his elbow. He held out the heart and watched it with anticipation.
“Turn.” Dhrel ordered but nothing happened. “Turn, damn it!” Dhrel watched the heart in his hand but it was just a heart. “TURN DAMN IT!” Dhrel’s eyes lit the room and the apartment shook. Kaelestra’s jewelry box as well as several of her perfume bottles toppled from her dresser.
Dhrel fell to his knees beside his dead wife and cradled the heart. What if he had just killed his wife for no reason? Maybe one quarter guardian wasn’t enough. What would he do without her?
“Please, turn.” Tears fell from his eyes and slowly the heart started to crystalize.
Dhrel heard a knock at the door and he knew it was Gromthule. No one else would come knocking at such an early hour. Dhrel wore a sad smile as he walked to the door. She wasn’t dead. How had this become his life? How had it ever become a good idea to kill his own wife? Lascar was the reason behind this. If it wasn’t for him, none of this would be necessary. Anger replaced the sadness inside Dhrel and his eyes lit up more brightly. The white walls looked blue in the dim apartment. He put a hand on the wall beside the door to steady himself. Then he pushed himself upright and opened the door. An elderly man with a hooded jacket walked in. The man looked at Dhrel’s arm and lowered his eyes.
“I’m sorry,” the man said as he held out a cloth bag with a pull string.
“It’s ok, Grom. It was my idea and my responsibility,” Dhrel replied.
“I know, but I’m still sorry that it had to come to this,” the old man comforted.
Gromthule had turned into an elderly human with grey hair and a rough, wrinkled face. He was as tall as Dhrel but much thinner. The man looked like he was at least seventy years old and didn’t take care of himself.
“What if this doesn’t work? What if I nearly killed my wife for no reason? What then?!” Dhrel’s anger rose.
“Calm down, it will work. You spent two years planning this. It will work.” Gromthule tried to comfort Dhrel but it wasn’t working.
Dhrel dropped his wife’s heart into the bag and turned around. He walked toward the open kitchen and grabbed a bottle of alcohol from the counter. He then walked to the cabinet and searched for a cup.
“Getting drunk won’t help anything. Can you even get drunk?” Gromthule asked.
“I can get drunk for a few minutes at a time.” Dhrel found a glass and as he walked by the pass-through counter he opened the cabinet beneath it. In the cabinet was nearly thirty bottles of ninety five percent pure alcohol. It was mostly used to put flames on top of lavish dishes or to mix with fruity drinks. It was not meant to be served full strength.
“You’re going to drink all of that?” Gromthule asked, concerned.
“I had a good idea of what I would feel like. I was prepared.” Dhrel plopped into a chair and poured himself a tall glass then drank it down quickly.
“I need to go but please take care of yourself. She will be back soon, with Kriista. Your plan will work.” Gromthule didn’t see the point in trying to convince Dhrel any longer. There was nothing he could say or do that was going to change how Dhrel would come to grips with what he had done. Maybe getting drunk might soften it a little.
Gromthule heard a crash from Dhrel’s apartment and he recognized it as furniture being destroyed. Gromthule stepped into the elevator and heard a few more crashes followed by a rumble that shook the elevator. His son in law was in a lot of pain and no one could fix it. Well, one person, but she was on a mission to save Dhrel’s sister. Gromthule was suddenly filled with pride for both of them. He looked at the bag in his hand. His daughter and son-in-law were smart and brave, Dhrel’s plan would work.

Chapter 6
The old man carried the bag with Kaelestra’s heart into the cave. It had taken him nearly three days to get here. He had changed into an oversized robe that was grey and plain. This place was well hidden and not near any cities. As he walked farther into the unassuming cave he saw light. What had started as a cave quickly turned into an underground housing structure. The inside was large and well lit. There were ten small houses down here and large beams that held the rock ceiling up. When Gromthule approached the gate he was stopped by two guards. These guards wore robes like the one he now wore, plain gray robes with a darker grey shirt underneath. Their faces looked withered and aged even though they were at most forty. They were necromancers but not ones he knew.
“Who are you?” one of the guards asked.
“Don’t be stupid!” Gromthule replied and waved his hand. The man that had approached him was thrown about ten feet. The other guard bowed and held the gate.
Dhrel had found this place two months ago. He had enlisted Gromthule to turn into this withered old man to pose as a necromancer from Brizen, one of the few necromancers to survive there. He claimed that he was very old, almost two hundred years old. This lie made Gromthule laugh the first time he told it. Two hundred was not old. He was actually over fourteen hundred years old. In truth he had lost count of his age, but to humans two hundred was very old.
Gromthule had infiltrated these necromancers because they were the ones that had kidnapped Kriista and tried to kidnap him. He had escaped, being much more cautious than Kriista had been. While ingratiating himself to them he had found out that Miran, the woman who had been Lexi’s nanny, was the one who kidnapped Kriista. She had no kids and she wasn’t poor. Kriista had never bothered to check Miran’s story. Dhrel’s sister had gotten sloppy over the years and Miran took advantage of it.
Gromthule had told the necromancers that he knew how to get Lascar out, something the necromancers had been working on for centuries. In fact, kidnapping Kriista was part of their plan. At first they wanted her help. They needed to find out where Lascar was being held but Kriista turned out to be far more dangerous and resilient than they thought. They had actually gotten no information from her in the years since they had abducted her. When they realized that she wasn’t going to talk, they decided maybe she could be a source of power. Over the next few years they struggled to find a way to drain her power. She was locked inside an old cage they had found at Lascar’s castle, one made to hold mages. Kriista got daily visits from necromancers as they tried to find a way to drain her power but none succeeded.
Gromthule came with the promise of salvation. He claimed to know where Zephillia’s actual heartstone was hidden and, in exchange for a place with them, he promised to bring it to them. Today was the day he would finally deliver on that promise.
He laughed to himself at how these simple minded, weak necromancers had managed to capture Kriista and hold her for so long. He was cautious about his dealings with them and kept his eye out for someone with actual power. Surely these fools hadn’t just gotten lucky. Someone more powerful than them must have been behind Kriista’s disappearance. In the end Gromthule accepted the ridiculous truth. These necromancers had actually just gotten lucky. Kriista had stupidly fallen into their poor excuse for a trap. They had also, by sheer dumb luck, found one of the few cages that could hold someone so powerful. Gromthule pitied them but he also needed them. Were it up to him, he would let Kriista go and watch as she enacted her revenge on the lot of them. Once out of the cage they would stand no chance against her but Dhrel had other plans. Not only did he want to free Kriista, he needed to secure Kaelestra as the real Zephillia in order to defeat Lascar. These necromancers, in all their simplicity, provided corroboration.
Gromthule made his way to Miran’s house and sneered evilly. He couldn’t let Kriista kill all the necromancers but he had convinced Dhrel that Kriista deserved some payback.
Gromthule knocked on the door and soon Miran answered. Miran lived in a rundown house filled with necromancer artifacts. Such stupid things as the full skeletons of rodents to stuffed swamp spiders. These things were creepy and unnerving but completely useless. These necromancers could barely grasp the concept of what a necromancer was. They thought the dead creatures and bones were, somehow, their source of their power. Some of these necromancers actually had magic but it was pathetic and weak. They had been born with a small amount of magic and banded together with similarly stupid people in the hopes of increasing their power.
At the back of Miran’s house was a doorway that lead down some steps to the room where Kriista was being kept. The room was dimly lit and Kriista sat against the wall looking bored and disheveled. She had on rags for clothes and her hair was a mess.
“Come back for more?” Kriista spat at them as soon as she saw them enter.
“No, today we bring back the queen. You will be her first sacrifice. Then she will free Lord Lascar.” Miran sounded sinister and cruel, something Kriista had gotten used to.
“Who is it this time? You know these things never work out. I’ve killed how many now?” Kriista quipped.
“This one will be different! This is Zephillia, herself!” Miran was sure of herself. This time Kriista would be the one to die.
Kriista looked nervous. She stood and pushed herself against the bars for a better look.
Miran quickly moved away from the bars and gave Kriista a terrified look. Miran was afraid of Kriista. She had seen Kriista kill many of the ‘so called’ necromancers that had come here to drain Kriista. She was not going to be the next victim.
Gromthule pulled the crystallized heart from the bag and held it up to Miran.
“How do we resurrect her?” Miran asked while she stared at the beautiful crystalized heart.
“It’s simple really,” the ragged old man said. He placed the heartstone on a pedestal that Miran had prepared then retrieved a small vial of blood from his pocket.
“So, it’s blood magic?” Miran asked. She had no idea what she was talking about but wanted to sound smart.
“Something like that.” Gromthule uncorked the vial and dumped all of its contents over the heartstone. The heartstone lit the room with energy. “It’s not really magic. You see the guardians had a peculiar ability. I guess it would look like magic to a novice like yourself. You see if you removed their heart, without draining the energy, they wouldn’t die. Then when one of their stronger bloodlines put their blood on the crystal it would cause them to come back to life. It’s more like biology,” Gromthule laughed.
“How dare you!” Miran yelled.
Gromthule started getting larger and soon his head was inches from the ceiling. Miran’s face was filled with terror.
“You’re…you…you are…” she couldn’t finish her sentence.
“Yes, I’m a druid. My name is Gromthule,” he said in his deep husky voice.
Kriista was in shock. Gromthule came to save her! Finally someone found her! Then she noticed the heartstone was turning into a person.
“Look out!” Kriista yelled but Gromthule smiled and walked over to the door to keep Miran from escaping.
The person took shape and soon a naked Kaelestra stood in front of Miran.
“I’m old and pretty strong, much stronger than any of you, but I can’t get that lock off Kriista’s cage,” Gromthule provoked Miran. “No it takes someone truly powerful to do that. So I brought my daughter. She’s strong enough to break the lock. In fact, she has experience with this very cage.” Gromthule smiled proudly at his lovely daughter.
Kaelestra held out her hand and the lock snapped open.
“You will pay for this!” Miran threatened. “I’ll kill you!”
That was when Miran realized that neither of them was going to touch her. Kaelestra took a step back and Gromthule blocked the door. Suddenly, Miran realized what was going to happen. Her terror rose as Kriista opened the cage.
“I’ve been waiting a very long time for this,” Kriista spat and then grabbed Miran by the throat.
Kriista stared at Miran as she lifted the woman in the air. Miran struggled for breath and clawed at Kriista’s hands but it was no use. Kriista may not have been as powerful as Kaelestra was with magic but she was incredibly strong. Over the years Kriista had stopped practicing her magic. She concentrated on technology and more recently, her daughter.
Miran gave a pleading glance at Kaelestra, then at Gromthule but all she got in return were blank stares. It was doubtful that even Kaelestra and Gromthule working together could have overpowered Kriista and it was clear that they had no intention of interfering.
“P…please…I….” Miran struggled to speak and Kriista released her grip.
“Begging?” Kriista crossed her arms and stared at the woman she had once trusted. Anger filled her and she clenched her fists to keep from ripping Miran apart.
“I can help you”, Miran pleaded.
“How many times did I ask you to let me go?” Kriista asked as she clenched her fists tighter. She fidgeted and Gromthule pushed himself against the door. Even Kaelestra realized that Kriista was about to lose her temper and took a step back. “I offered you a chance. Many chances. I even promised not to hurt you!” Kriista’s voice rose and Miran’s eyes darted around the room looking for anything that might save her.
“I’m sorry,” Miran replied almost whispering.
“No! You’re NOT!” Kriista screamed. “You’re just sorry they found me!” Kriista shook with anger. Kriista struck Miran’s knee and the bones shattered.
Miran fell to the floor screaming in agony. Kriista bent down, picked up Miran by the throat again and threw her into the cage. Miran slumped against the back of the cage holding her shattered knee.
“I want you to suffer like I did! I want to tear you to pieces!” Kriista reached down and picked up Miran again then hit her in the ribs. The sound of cracking bones made Kaelestra wince and look away.
Miran coughed and blood filled her mouth.
“You are just lucky that I’m not as cruel as you are.” Kriista’s volume lowered as she looked down on the pathetic woman wheezing against the back of the cage and took pity on her. “I could leave you to suffer for hours until you die but I’m not you.” Kriista reached out her hand and snapped Miran’s neck with ease then turned to her rescuers.
Kriista ran at Gromthule, threw her small body against the giant man and squeezed. Gromthule got an uncomfortable look on his face and Kriista backed away from him. She looked embarrassed and uncomfortable as well. In her elation she had forgotten about the awkwardness between them.
“I knew you would find me. I just knew it.” Kriista said almost crying.
“You can thank your brother when you go meet him,” Gromthule replied.
“It was all him. All of this was his idea.” Kaelestra added.
Kriista glanced at Kaelestra then turned away. She tried not to look at the beautiful, naked woman standing there but she couldn’t help it.
Kaelestra noticed Kriista’s attraction to her and quickly threw on a robe.
“Sorry, it’s been a long time,” Kriista said embarrassed.
“Don’t get me wrong. I’m flattered, but I’m also married,” Kaelestra said, winking at Kriista.
Kriista rushed at Kaelestra and hugged her. Kriista picked her up and squeezed. The draelic queen looked small even compared to Kaelestra. Although she was muscular where the druid was soft and very feminine, Kaelestra was taller and more filled out.
“We don’t have much time. That screaming will bring curious necromancers.” Kaelestra said trying to catch her breath. Kriista was very strong.
“We’ll just kill them too,” Kriista said matter-of-factly.
“No, we need them alive.” Kaelestra then quickly turned into Zephillia. “Your brother will explain. We need you to run and dad will chase you. I’ll come out acting weak and say that you killed Miran, which you did.” Kaelestra grinned but Kriista turned away. Kaelestra looked like the woman who had killed Elyse. It hadn’t been the real Zephillia, merely her sister in disguise, but the appearance brought back unhappy memories.
“I can do that,” Kriista replied. She couldn’t stand to look at Kaelestra. She would be happy to get out of here.
“Once we’re clear I have a car hidden nearby. We’ll get you to see Dhrel and he can explain what’s going on.” Gromthule opened the door and waited for Kriista to start running.
“Why can’t you explain now?” Kriista asked, staring at Gromthule who quickly changed back into the old man.
“Because someone might hear us and, truthfully, Dhrel hasn’t told us everything yet. Only our parts. I’m sure he has a part for you to play as well.” Gromthule explained.
“This is about Lascar isn’t it?” Kriista asked, scowling.
“Yes,” Kaelestra replied solemnly.
“Ok,” Kriista replied then took off running.
Gromthule, disguised as the old necromancer, ran after her throwing beams of energy, narrowly missing her while shouting for people to get out of the way. Seeing Kriista loose terrified everyone and they quickly moved to avoid her.
Kaelestra, disguised as Zephillia, slowly walked out of Miran’s house. All the necromancers gasped and got to their knees.
“Where is my husband?!” the fake Zephillia shrieked while she leaned on the doorway.

Chapter 7
Dhrel knelt on the bathroom floor, stared at his dead wife and cried. What if it didn’t work? What would he do without her? Anger filled his mind and the bathroom was engulfed in blue light. Lascar was the reason for this this! His grandfather was the cause of everything bad in his entire life. Lascar was the reason his grandfather, Draylen, had died. Lascar was the reason behind the death of his first wife, Shye. Lascar was a blight upon the world. The vile man had destroyed countless lives and facilitated the suffering of even more. Dhrel’s anger rose and the bathroom shook. Soon things started falling from the counters and the whole apartment shook. Dhrel put his fist through the tub and it shattered.
“Oh, shit!” Dhrel exclaimed. The light coming from his eyes dimed as he realized what he had done. This tub had taken Kaelestra months to find and he had destroyed it in an instant. She was going to be so pissed at him when she came back…if she came back. Another wave of anger spread through him like a plague. The apartment shook more violently this time and he could hear dishes in the kitchen falling and breaking. Outside he could hear car alarms blaring.
“Get ahold of yourself, Dhrel! She will be fine.” Dhrel tried to calm himself. If Kaelestra was fine she would kill him for what he was doing to the apartment. Dhrel laughed to himself. So much of his wife was in this apartment. Before he had met her this place had been barren and uninteresting, very much a bachelor’s home. Every decoration and every splash of color throughout the entire apartment was her doing.
He looked down at his wife’s body again and decided it was time to do something with it. He didn’t want Kaelestra to come home and have to clean this up. She had been through enough. This whole stupid plan was his idea, he could clean up the mess he had made.
Dhrel got a throw rug from the living room and rolled her dead body inside of it. His wife had planned to replace this rug soon anyway. She disliked the pattern and the color didn’t go well with the new curtains she had recently bought. He carefully wrapped her body in the rug then wrapped the rug in plastic before tapping it shut. When he was finished he threw on a jacket to cover his blood encrusted arm and carried the rug to the elevator. In the elevator he met a few people but they just said hello and were on their way.
He walked through the lobby and out toward the door. He had a car waiting but the woman from the elevator the other day stopped him.
“Mr. Tyrus?” the woman asked kindly.
“Yes?” Dhrel was agitated. He was less than twenty feet from the car outside the door. If it all fell apart here it would almost be funny, almost.
“Have you seen Miss Stulman recently?” the woman asked.
“She’s on a business trip, why?” Dhrel replied.
The woman reached into her purse and pulled out what looked like a ladies wallet.
“I think she dropped this on the elevator. Would you give it back to her please?” the woman asked then placed it in Dhrel’s hand. She quickly turned and walked away. Dhrel stared at the wallet afraid to open it. It would have a picture of his wife in it, not Kaelestra but his wife posing as Mephnia. What if he never saw her again? At this point he would even settle for Mephnia. Mephnia was a version of his wife. Even this small consolation would be some comfort. Dhrel could feel the anger and depression rising inside him again. The apartment building shook and he fell to one knee. Dhrel put the wallet in his pocket then tried to calm himself. In a few seconds the shaking stopped. Dhrel got back to his feet and left the building. He needed to get ahold of himself. Kaelestra would never forgive him if someone else got hurt because he was being so childish. Her opinion was more important than anything to him.

Chapter 8
Within three days Kriista and Gromthule were in Tyrillia City. Kriista stood at the door to Dhrel’s apartment filled with anger, anxiety and guilt. What would she say to Dhrel? She was mad at him for not finding her sooner and felt guilty that she had been caught through her own carelessness. She was also afraid that he might blame her. She hesitated then knocked on the door. She heard someone stumbling and tripping over things in the apartment. When Dhrel opened the door he looked angry then his expression turned to relief. Dhrel grabbed his little, older sister and hugged her tightly while looking at Gromthule.
“Thank you. How is she?” Dhrel asked.
“Kae is fine,” Gromthule replied then headed back down the hall. He had much to do and he didn’t want to interrupt their reunion. He also felt uncomfortable around Kriista. Their entire trip had been silent.
The smile on Dhrel’s face was pure joy and he let out a sigh of relief. Kriista pushed herself away from Dhrel and was immediately furious.
“I’ve been gone for eleven years and you’re worried about Kae?!” Kriista yelled.
Dhrel moved passed her and shut the door.
“I can explain,” Dhrel said, trying to calm his sister.
Kriista punched him in the chest and Dhrel flew into the wall beside the door, leaving a dent.
“You have no idea what I’ve been through!” Kriista walked angrily to Dhrel and picked him up by the shirt collar then threw him across the room. “You all got to run around free and raise my little girl while I sat there in that cage and rotted!” Kriista picked him up again and threw him into the kitchen, shattering the pass-through counter as he collided with it.
Dhrel didn’t try to fight back. He let his sister get her anger out. She deserved a little release. She had been held for eleven years, it was only natural that she was angry. He could take a little abuse, what’s more, he deserved it for what he had done to Kaelestra and for not finding Kriista sooner.
Kriista picked up Dhrel again and pulled back her fist.
“I don’t give a damn about Kae! She can rot in that place for all I care!” Kriista swung and Dhrel effortlessly caught her fist. His eyes lit Kriista’s face.
“Kae is my wife! I had to kill her to get you out of there you ungrateful…woman!” Dhrel’s eyes filled with anger and the room was lit in a pale blue. His anger shook the whole apartment building and Kriista looked at her brother full of surprise. Kriista was allowed some anger over her situation but she had crossed a line. “You aren’t the only one that has had to suffer! Do you have any idea what it’s like to kill your own wife?!”
Dhrel’s anger rose and the apartment shook harder.
Kriista quickly scanned the room. It was a horrible mess. The furniture was broken. There were smashed bottles everywhere. This wasn’t from their fight. Dhrel had destroyed this lovely apartment before she arrived. Her little brother was in pain. She didn’t understand the reasoning behind it, not completely, but she knew that her brother had gone through something indescribable. She felt pity for her little brother and her instincts as an older sister pushed the anger from her mind.
Kriista threw her arms around her brother and squeezed.
“Married?” she asked quietly.
Dhrel’s anger subsided and he hugged her back.
“You married Kae?” Kriista asked again, very surprised.
“I’ve never met anyone like her, Kris.” Dhrel held her tightly. He had missed his sister. He forgave her for her carelessness, she was back. That was all that mattered now.
“Damn, you’ve gotten big.” Kriista squeezed his bicep with one hand and then smacked his muscular chest.
“I’ve been working out some,” Dhrel admitted.
“What are you lifting? Buildings?” Kriista laughed. “You did it to impress her didn’t you? Not that I blame you, she’s hot. I never realized how gorgeous Kae was before. Damn. You sure know how to pick em.” Kriista smacked his chest playfully again.
“Yes she is,” Dhrel pulled her back in and put his head on top of his sisters. Her horns were a little uncomfortable but it was worth it. He had missed her.
Kriista pushed herself back from her brother again.
“Where’s Lexi?!” Kriista looked frantic.
“That’s the part you’re not gonna like.” Dhrel looked at her apologetically.
“What happened to her?!” Kriista was now frightened. She pictured a million different things, all of them ending in Lexi being dead or severely hurt.
“She’s fine. The part you’re not going to like is that you can’t see her yet.” Dhrel walked to the kitchen and started to clean up.
“Why not?!” Kriista pleaded. She was torn. She trusted her brother but they were talking about her daughter. She hadn’t seen her in eleven years!
“It’s part of my plan. She can’t see you yet, nobody can. Lascar needs to think you are dead.” Dhrel picked up the larger pieces of the bottles he had smashed and then went to the closet for a broom.
“Why will he think I’m dead? I escaped and all the necromancers saw it.” Kriista was struggling to keep up with this plan.
“Gromthule is taking back a heartstone to prove that he’s killed you. A fake one, but it will fool the people it needs to fool. When Lascar is out he will hear from Zephillia that you are dead. We need him to think you are dead. It is a very big part of what I’m trying to do.” Dhrel swept up the glass then headed to the living room to start there.
“What’s all over your arm?” Kriista asked, concerned.
“It’s Kae’s blood. I haven’t taken a shower since I killed her. Well, sort of killed her.” Dhrel looked sad at this admission. “I dumped her body and came back here and started destroying things.” Dhrel shrugged his shoulders and looked at his sister guiltily.
“I can see that.” Kriista scoured the room and noticed that not a single piece of furniture survived her brother’s grief. “Well since I’m stuck here.” Kriista bent down and started collecting broken glass. “Not for very long I hope?” Kriista asked.
“No, not long. Gromthule will be done with his part soon. He can come back and keep you company,” Dhrel added.
“Great, just what I need. Grom hanging around making me feel guilty for not wanting to be with him.” Kriista was now the one looking guilty.
“Hey now, you are the one that slept with him and led him on,” Dhrel scolded.
“I was confused and lonely. I didn’t lead him on. I needed him, I love him, just not like he wants me to. He will never be more than a friend to me and I didn’t want to lie to him about it.” She stopped for a moment and a smile formed. “I did get a beautiful daughter out of it.” Kriista beamed with happiness.
“So act like an adult and tell him that. He deserves that much.” Dhrel knew that Gromthule and Kriista had never really talked about it. They had only spent a month together but Gromthule never got over her. She left him and moved to the city after a heated argument. Dhrel had no idea what the argument had entailed, no one did, except for Grom and Kriista.
“I suppose,” Kriista whined. Kriista walked over and forced Dhrel to stand up. “Like I said. I’m stuck here. Why don’t you go take a shower and get some rest? I’ll clean this place up.”
“I made the mess,” Dhrel objected.
“I need something to do. I’ve been stuck in a cage for eleven years. At least cleaning will keep my mind off of being stuck in another one.” Kriista smiled. Dhrel could hear her frustration and sadness but this was necessary if he wanted to beat Lascar. “Can I order some new furniture?” she asked with a smile.
“Please,” Dhrel begged. “If Kae finds this place looking like this.” Dhrel motioned at the destruction. “She is going to kill me.”
Dhrel felt bad that Kriista had to stay away from her daughter but he knew it was important that she remain hidden. His plan was their best chance at defeating Lascar once and for all and it hinged on Lascar believing she was dead.
Kriista ushered her brother to the bedroom while he half-heartedly tried to object.
“I forgot, I sort of broke the tub,” Dhrel cringed.
“Well at least wash yourself up a little. Take a nap, something. And if you want me to wait even longer to see Lexi you’re going to have to tell me about this plan,” Kriista said deviously.

Chapter 9
Lascar crawled up the steps leading away from the machine. He had no idea how long he had been there, just that he felt trapped. The time had passed for him like a nightmare. He couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe, he just knew that he needed to get out. He heard the hum of the machine trying to power back up and crawled more quickly. When he was at the top of the steps the machine came rushing back to life. Lascar rolled from the entrance and the shield came back at full force, nearly catching his foot.
He could make out a small group of people coming closer. His eyes fought to come into focus. He could see four men who started kneeling and one woman who walked passed them but he couldn’t make out their faces. Lascar reached out his hand to touch the woman and fell on his face, unconscious.
“Grab Lord Lascar, get him to the carriage and into the ceremonial box. We need to be to the docks at Gojeth as soon as possible. Lord Lascar has an appointment with his grandson in Tyrillia City.” Zephillia ordered sternly.
The men obeyed and after some time they were docking in Shojeth port in Lascaria. Kaelestra posing as Zephillia hurried the men along every step of the way. Lascar remained unconscious the whole trip, this was also part of Dhrel’s plan. Lascar was kept away from any foliage and was allowed no human contact. No one was even allowed to touch his body until they finally arrived at Tyrillia city. He was kept in a box, something like a coffin but made out of Rola wood. There was no way Lascar could absorb energy through its magic blocking walls. Dhrel wanted Lascar to be drained and weak when he finally arrived. Lascar couldn’t be allowed to spend time with Kaelestra either, not yet, it was too dangerous. She was incredibly adept at pretending to be someone else but Lascar was not someone who was easily fooled.
When they finally arrived at Tyrillia city Lascar’s box was placed in a graveyard, a dramatic touch Dhrel had thought up. Kaelestra had convinced the necromancers that they needed to bring Lascar to this cemetery to perform a very difficult ritual. Dhrel had given her a script that she memorized and executed with precision. This cemetery, she told them, was where Lascar had killed many mages. The ground, she improvised, was full of the magical blood spilled by Lascar himself. It had to be this cemetery before the ritual would work. The necromancers were too stupid and too vain to question her. They felt honored and full of pride as the four selected for this glorious assignment. At one point Kaelestra had even felt a little guilty. These men would serve their purpose and be dead by morning. She consoled herself by remembering the fact that these men she had chosen were some of the ones that imprisoned and tortured her sister-in-law, Kriista. They were no innocents and would have been dead already if it wasn’t for Dhrel’s plan. They deserved what they were getting.
Kaelestra watched as the four men removed Lascar’s body and placed it on the ground. She caught a glimpse of herself in a pool of nearby rainwater and was revolted. She had spent so many years trapped as this disgusting form, all for Lascar’s amusement. This brought back horrible memories of the things Lascar did to her in that dungeon so many centuries ago. She tried to steady herself but looking down on Lascar’s unconscious body enforced the nightmarish memories even more. She was angry and scared, this helped her to play the part of Zephillia even more perfectly.
“You daft fools! Face him north!” she screamed. The shame and revulsion of her memories helped her bring out the cruelty that these men expected from Zephillia. “You two.” Kaelestra motioned to two of the necromancers. “Place your hands on his chest and start chanting. You two.” She motioned at the remaining two men. “Stand behind them and hold the candles.”
The men obeyed and Kaelestra watched as Lascar slowly started to drain the energy from the two men touching him. She felt like she might vomit but steadied herself. She couldn’t falter now. If Lascar awoke and caught even a hint of deception she would be dead, just like the men she was sacrificing. She tried to push down the painful memories and concentrated instead on the memories of Lascar torturing her. These memories made her angry and anger she could use. The other memories, the ones she had managed to hide from Dhrel, these memories made her feel shame and disgust. Kaelestra pushed these memories down farther inside herself and concentrated on the ones where Lascar was angry with her and used various tools to tear at her skin, burn the flesh from her back. These memories were painful, but not even a shadow compared to the ones when Lascar would come to her in silence. No, these memories she couldn’t share with anyone. No one could ever understand how guilty she felt for letting this man rape her over and over again.
Kaelestra grappled with her inner torment and finally pushed the useless memories farther down. She stood above Lascar and concentrated on the anger.
“Rise, my love.” Kaelestra said with Zephillia’s voice. She raised her hands ceremoniously.
The men chanted as their skin started to shrivel. One of the men touching Lascar started to suspect something and got up to run. Fear covered his face but Lascar reached out his hand and caught the man by the leg. Soon the other man touching Lascar had the same idea but Lascar reached out and grabbed him by the throat. The graveyard was lit with red. Lascar stood and lifted the men high in the air, one by the throat and one by the leg. He drained them until there was nothing left but shriveled skin covering their bones.
“Now that is real power!” Kaelestra said looking lustfully at Lascar. The action disturbed her on levels she hadn’t realized it would but she needed to act like the real Zephillia. If she was ever to see Dhrel again she had to play her part.
“Where are Kriista and Dhrel?! They will pay for this!” Lascar yelled, staring at Zephillia. He knew it wasn’t the real Zephillia. Astrella had been convincing because her magic was very similar to Zephillia. Being Zephillia’s sister it took Lascar a few days to realize that it wasn’t really her but this woman pretending to be Zephillia was very familiar to him. He had kept her in a dungeon for years. He would never forget how this woman’s magic felt.
Lascar almost laughed at the childishness of this plan, whatever it was. How did Dhrel not realize that Kaelestra’s magic would be easily identified? It would be so amusing to watch this plan unfold. Then, when they finally felt they’d won he would destroy them all!
“Kriista is dead. One of the more powerful necromancers tracked her down and killed her,” one of the remaining necromancers replied. His voice trembled with fear.
“She won’t be bothering us any longer.” Kaelestra added sinisterly. She moved closer to Lascar and reached for his arm but Lascar pulled away. She was relieved. The thought of touching this man again made her sick. As long as he bought the charade, that was all that mattered.
Lascar looked at the two necromancers and laughed.
“More powerful? These two are insignificant. They could not give a real mage a cold let alone kill Kriista.” Lascar balked.
Both men fell to their knees.
“Lord Lascar, it was High Necromancer Grolen that killed her. He is very powerful. He is the one that found Zephillia’s heartstone and brought her back,” one of the necromancers pleaded.
Lascar had heard the name Grolen before. He was the leader of the Brizan necromancers. One of the few necromancers that had escaped right before Lascar’s imprisonment. Perhaps Dhrel had tricked Grolen into thinking that he was resurrecting Zephillia. He had never met Grolen but by all accounts he was a very powerful and intelligent man. Not that he would be anything compared to one of his family members but it was possible that Grolen had somehow outsmarted Kriista. If anyone would be able to take down Kriista it would be him.
“I would like to meet this Grolen and thank him personally,” Lascar sneered at the kneeling men. He couldn’t stand to look at the imposter pretending to be Zephillia. Astrella had been a moment of weakness. He had wanted to believe it was her so badly that he didn’t see the small personality quirks right away. Astrella was good at impersonating her sister, much better than this whore. Lascar resisted his urge to strangle Kaelestra and instead turned his anger to the two imbecilic men that knelt before him. “Where is he?!”
“His wounds from fighting Kriista were great, my lord,” the second man replied.
“He died shortly afterward,” the first added.
Now this made more sense. Even a man as reputedly powerful as Grolen would surely die trying to kill Kriista. Pride in his family struck him for a moment. He hated what Kriista and Dhrel had done to him but they were his family, his very powerful family. Even this harlot that attempted to disguise herself as his beautiful wife had more power in her sleep than most people could ever dream of.
Lascar put his hand on the forehead of both men.
“For your service I give you a gift,” Lascar announced.
The men looked at their lord with gratitude in their eyes until the pain began. They realized too late that Lascar was draining them. One man cried out while the other just died silently shaking.
“The gift of a swift death is more than you slugs deserve,” Lascar sneered.
“Dhrel is in the city. He still lives,” Kaelestra said pointing toward the glimmering lights and tall buildings in the distance.
“My, what has the world become? This new power. I can feel it from here. Every structure, every device. It all gives off a wondrous energy.” Lascar walked by Kaelestra without a second glance and headed down the hill.
“I will find out where Dhrel is hiding,” Kaelestra said, chasing after her tormentor.
“You do that. I will see if I can get his attention.” Lascar’s tone was sinister and cruel. Kaelestra didn’t want to imagine what Lascar was planning. She needed to find Dhrel fast. Lascar had killed enough innocents in his long life, this all stopped tonight.

Chapter 10
Lascar walked through the dirty streets, lined with broken down carriages, at least that is what Lascar assumed they were. He was intrigued by this new world. The splendor and comfort he saw in the distance contrasted this run-down pathetic gutter-town. This place reminded him of the world he once knew. The rich needed someone to be poor. Their successes meant nothing if it wasn’t seen from the backs of the less fortunate. This world hadn’t changed much at all. It was pretty and polished but underneath the strong were still taking advantage of the weak.
Lascar walked by several homeless people and various other loathsome individuals. He pitied them and laughed at their misfortune at the same time. He didn’t care how they had ended up here nor did he wish to help them. In his mind the poor were poor because they lacked the desire to change it. These people, as pathetic and weak as they might be, would not help him get Dhrel’s attention. He needed strong individuals, people with willpower. Those were the people that would have the desire to fight back, to struggle against the inevitable. Yes, those people would not only scream physically but mentally and that would get Dhrel’s attention.
After a few blocks Lascar noticed the scenery change. The streets were still dirty but even the homeless would not dare sleep here. The horseless carriages became shinier and newer as he walked along. He had seen a few of these devices shoot by him without stopping. They were wonderous things. The wheels seemed to propel themselves and he could feel the energy inside them. Someone had figured out a way to use this new power to propel carriages. He wondered what else this new power had been used for. It had obviously been used to light the buildings he could see in the distance. These buildings were enormous compared to the ones he had known before. Some of them must have been thirty or forty floors high. Surely the new power had been used to construct them. Lascar imagined humans holding large devices that propelled construction materials into the sky.
Soon Lascar came upon smaller groupings of mostly men. These men were draelic, xeltheen and human. They didn’t seem to care about racial differences only differences in clothing. It seemed the red army was fighting the black army this evening. He watched with curiosity as the red army held small devices in their hands that ejected small, metallic projectiles at the black army. The black army fell down and bled across the ground. Then the black army came back with reinforcements and the projectiles filled the air. Most of the black army, and all of the red army, were decimated in the second wave and Lascar just walked between the two armies watching.
One of what Lascar assumed was a black army general walked up to him.
“Get out of here man, dis be Creek Street territory!” the xeltheen boy shouted. “You don wan be dead, you don wan be here!” The boy waved a projectile device at him and Lascar laughed. The xeltheen boy wore the black pants and jacket, trimmed with gold letters that Lascar associated with the black army. He was a decently sized boy, probably a man, but even a two hundred year old xeltheen would be a child compared to him. Lascar had seen over a thousand years of life and slept for three hundred. This child was a blip in his existence.
“I would like to procure your services,” Lascar said.
“Yous what? Listen dis fool?!” the xeltheen boy shouted to his friends who all started laughing. His xeltheen accent was thick. It was obvious that Tyrillian was not his first language.
“I would like to hire you for a job.” Lascar said again, more plainly. “Where might I find your ruler?”
“Yous gots money?” the xeltheen asked again in horrible Tyrillian.
“I have gold,” Lascar replied. “Not with me but I can get it. I just need to find out how much.”
The xeltheen motioned for Lascar to follow then started walking down an alley.
Lascar studied the five people that escorted him. The draelic man didn’t say a word but it was clear he was the strength of the crew. His large body with purple skin was marked with scars. One of his horns had broken at the tip and he watched Lascar attentively. The two young humans looked like initiates. They each had a projectile device but theirs was smaller than the rest. It appeared as if they were not trusted to hold the longer ones that the draelic and the xeltheen man carried. The last was a draelic girl of maybe twenty years old, probably younger. She was in charge. She didn’t say much but when she spoke, even the draelic man listened intently. Lascar had been mistaken, this girl was the general, the xeltheen man was her lieutenant.
When they finally reached their destination Lascar was escorted to a building that appeared to be an abandoned storage facility. It had big doors for the horseless carriages to go through and a wide open interior. This new world was interesting to Lascar. He found a small pleasure in thinking about how this world had evolved to this state.
A medium sized xeltheen man with long black hair walked into the room and everyone was silent. They didn’t bow and they didn’t salute, this Lascar thought was a shame. At least in his day the subordinates had enough respect to show fealty to their superiors. The more Lascar studied them the less he thought of them as an army. This was more like an uprising. A small band of unhappy individuals struggling to overthrow a force greater than themselves.
The leader, and Lascar used the term loosely, stood in front of Lascar, sizing him up.
“So, you’ve got some gold? You don’t look like much. What’s with that outfit?” the leader laughed. This man had a much better grasp of Tyrillian and spoke it as if he were human. Then Lascar realized he wasn’t full xeltheen. He was at least half human.
Lascar still wore his brown robe over his grey shirt and tan pants. Before his imprisonment he had spent weeks traveling with Zorlen and the fake Zephillia, Astrella. He had never paid much attention to his clothing anyway, but even by his standards he looked disheveled.
“A scuffle with my grandchildren and son. That is what I am here to speak to you about.” Lascar scoured the room. There were maybe thirty of the black army here. He had no better word for them so he continued to refer to them as an army.
“Let’s see some of that gold,” the leader said snidely.
Lascar reached into the deep pockets of his robe and fished out a gold coin. Lascar tossed the coin and the leader caught it. His eyes lit up with greed.
“So, are there more of you?” Lascar asked, looking at the ragged band of people in the room.
“Why you needs more?” the leaders xeltheen accent slipped out for a second.
“My grandson is quite powerful. I need to get his attention,” Lascar replied and a sinister smile started forming on his lips.
“We can handle it,” the xeltheen leader said returning to his fake Tyrillian accent.
Lascar looked around the room and chose a more robust looking female draelic.
“We will see if you are enough.” Lascar walked toward the girl and held out his hand. The draelic girl fell to the floor in agony and screamed at Lascar. She fought as well as she could while everyone looked on in shock. When she finally died Lascar turned and smiled at the leader.
“Yes, I think you will be enough.” Lascar walked toward the leader and he pulled his gun from his pocket. He shot Lascar ten times in the chest but the evil king didn’t even flinch.
“What da fuck is you man?” the leader’s xeltheen accent was almost as thick as the boy who had brought him here.
All the people in the warehouse pointed their guns at Lascar and opened fire. Lascar grabbed the leader and used him as a shield. The man’s body was riddled with bullets. He screamed until the wounds finally killed him.
“That was disappointing. The girl was far more vibrant.” Lascar tossed the man’s dead body to the side and walked at the crowd slowly. He needed them to be afraid. He needed them to be more than afraid, they needed to be terrified.
Lascar held out his hand and all the doors shut. Several people tried to open them but Lascar’s magic was too strong. Some even shot at the handles but it wasn’t the handles keeping them trapped in there. As soon as they realized this the fear in the room rose. They had no way out and they couldn’t stop him. Lascar tortured and killed each of the gang members one at a time so that the others watching would radiate their fear. If Dhrel was really here, he would feel it.

Chapter 11
Kaelestra walked quickly through the streets disguised as Zephillia. She knew exactly what to do. As soon as she was far enough from Lascar she hit the speed dial on her phone. Dhrel answered.
“I know, I can feel him. You need to get him to the corner of Third and Choir as soon as you can before he hurts more people.” Dhrel almost sounded in pain. Kaelestra’s heart went out to him. Lascar was killing people and Dhrel felt every agonizing torture that his grandfather inflicted.
“I’ll get him there,” Kaelestra replied.
“Be safe,” Dhrel said then hung up.
Dhrel had this all planned out. She found comfort in this. She didn’t understand why Dhrel couldn’t tell her the rest of the plan but she trusted him all the same. For some reason it had to be in the city and he refused to tell Kaelestra why. This plan of Dhrel’s was intricate and complex. There was little room for error. She would do her part.
She realized why Dhrel had picked the corner of Third and Choir Streets. That area was perfect to confront Lascar because at this late hour, no one would be around. It was nearly ten at night. The corner had no bars and only a single restaurant for blocks in either direction. Most of the business there closed at six. It was the most secluded place Dhrel could find while still being in the city.
Kaelestra rushed to where the tracker on her phone said Lascar was. Before placing him in the box she had put a tracker inside the evil man’s robe. Dhrel didn’t want to lose track of him for even a second while he was in the most populated city in the country. The death and destruction a reborn Lascar could do was something that Dhrel didn’t even want to think about. He knew that leaving Lascar alone long enough for Kaelestra to give him the signal was a necessary evil. Dhrel also knew that his grandfather would kill someone, possibly quite a few people but it was unavoidable. Sacrificing a few gang members was a small price to pay to lure Lascar into a trap where he wouldn’t have hostages to use against him.
She continued to go over Dhrel’s plan in her head as she rushed toward the blinking dot on the screen. It didn’t make sense. Why go through all of this to defeat Lascar in the city. Why not take him out in Brizen? Kaelestra pushed her doubts aside and trusted in her husband. There was a reason for this. Lascar was not going to be easy to defeat. Dhrel couldn’t kill him so he needed to trap Lascar. Something in the city must be part of her husband’s plan.
Kaelestra walked up to the abandoned warehouse and noticed the bullet holes in the door. Then she heard a scream from inside. Whatever Lascar was doing in there it wasn’t pretty. She concentrated her magic on the door but it wouldn’t budge. Lascar was holding it shut. She stepped away from the door and concentrated on the wall near it. An explosion rung out and she quickly stepped through the hole she had just made.
“Lascar! I’ve found him!” Kaelestra shouted.
Lascar looked at the imposter with anger. He wasn’t sure he could go through with this but the allure of killing her in front of Dhrel won out in the end. Lascar forced a smile onto his face. The look on Dhrel’s face when his accomplice died would be worth this momentary displeasure.
“Thank you, my dear. Lead the way.” Lascar responded.
Kaelestra took off through the hole in the wall and Lascar followed. They didn’t speak a word to each other until they finally arrived at Third and Choir.
“He was right here,” Kaelestra lied.
“I am sure he will turn up,” Lascar said snidely. This deception was wearing on his nerves. He wanted to kill her now.
A figure appeared down the street from them and walked toward them with purpose. As the figure came into the light Lascar could see that it was Dhrel. Not the same young man he had known so many centuries ago but it was him. His hair was cut short, he wore an expensive looking suit and the boy had put on a great deal of muscle. A moment of pride swept over Lascar again. His grandson even looked powerful.
Lascar’s curiosity overshadowed his desire to kill Kaelestra. He stood in anticipation, he wanted to see this play out. He wanted Dhrel to think he’d won before killing Kaelestra.
Dhrel walked up to Lascar and circled around him. Lascar followed his grandson’s moves with anticipation. When Lascar’s back was to the restaurant Dhrel hit him full force with all the energy he could muster. Lascar was surprised and knocked back to the wall of the restaurant. The young boy had grown into a man and the magic he had was definitely stronger than Kaelestra’s but it was still nothing compared to himself.
“You shouldn’t have come back!” Dhrel yelled.
“You really think you can stand up to me?!” Lascar yelled back at him.
Lascar walked a few steps from the building and glared at Dhrel. Dhrel readied another attack and Lascar prepared. He was enjoying this. Dhrel actually thought he could beat him. How amusing.
Lexi and Billy rushed outside to see what was happening. They were the only people still inside as the restaurant was closing down for the night.
Lexi stopped after she noticed her uncle Lethian, his eyes glowing. Then she turned and saw a man whom she had only read about in books. The red eyes, the long white hair and frail looking body. It could be no one else. It was Lascar! Terror filled her face and she froze.
“Who are you?” Lascar asked with curiosity. “Your magic. It is powerful. Are you Dhrel’s daughter?”
Lexi looked at her uncle Lethian. The blue eyes! He was Dhrel! Confusion overtook the terror and she was lost, still unable to move.
“No, you are far too pretty to be his child. You must be Kriista’s. The resemblance is striking. My granddaughter was always a pain but never once did I think she was anything but beautiful,” Lascar said almost kindly.
Lexi still couldn’t find words to express the storm of emotions flooding her brain. She looked at the small, blue draelic woman and finally found words.
“Zephillia?” she asked confused.
“Run Lexi!” Dhrel yelled and released a torrent of magic at Lascar. Lascar jumped out of the way and the wall of the restaurant exploded. The supports holding the wall gave way and before anyone could do anything about it the wall collapsed on top of Billy and Lexi.
Lascar stared at the rubble and cracked a smile when it started to move. Lexi burst from the rubble, her face filled with anger.
“What have you done?!” Lexi yelled and gave a hateful glare at Dhrel, her clothes torn and her head bleeding. The wound on her head healed almost instantly and she started to toss the chunks of building like they were hollow. Lexi’s eyes started to glow blue as she attacked the rubble on top of her boyfriend. When she finally found him she fell to her knees. There was nothing she could do, he was dead.
“Lexi, I’m so sorry,” Dhrel apologized.
“You’re sorry?” Lexi asked in a low voice but her anger was clear. She stood up from her boyfriend’s dead body and looked at her uncle with hatred. “You’re sorry?! That’s it, you’re sorry? That’s all you have to say? You’re sorry?!!!!” The look on Lexi’s face wasn’t hatred any longer, it was something much worse. Her face showed indifference, indifference to Dhrel’s existence. Lexi’s eyes lit the street with the same shade of blue as Dhrel’s. She held out one hand and a city bus that was parked nearby flew at Dhrel and crushed him into the side of a building. The hatred in her face returned when she turned to Kaelestra.
“And you?! You’re not Zephillia!” Lexi held her hand out to Kaelestra and her body was wrought with pain. All the muscles in Kaelestra’s body tensed and she couldn’t move, then involuntarily her body started to return to its original form. The pain was blinding and Zephillia’s small clothes cut into her skin as her true form tried to break free of them. When Lexi finally let her go Kaelestra fell to the ground, gasping for breath.
Lascar stood there with his hands behind his back and watched. This was far more interesting than what he had planned. This was a level of entertainment that he could not have possibly foreseen.
Dhrel pushed the bus away from the wall and walked out. His suit was a mess and he was covered in dirt from the building.
“I can explain Lexi,” Dhrel pleaded. He looked weakened as he struggled to walk toward her. “There’s more to this than you know.”
“Yes, I nearly forgot,” Lascar said snidely. “Somehow Dhrel’s master plan got your mother killed as well.”
Lexi gritted her teeth and looked at Kaelestra who had transformed back into herself. Zephillia’s clothes were torn and barely covered her bloodied body.
“You took the people I love. I am going to take yours!” Lexi held her hand up and Kaelestra convulsed with pain.
Dhrel ran to her side and thrust out his hand at Lexi. Lexi was caught off guard and toppled backward. Lascar just stood and watched the show. It was too enjoyable to interrupt.
Lexi got to her feet and laughed.
“You think that is power?!” Lexi held out her hand again and Dhrel threw Kaelestra out of the way. He caught the beam in the chest and his muscles froze with pain.
“Run Kae!” Dhrel yelled.
“I won’t leave you!” Kaelestra protested.
“They won’t kill me. I’m the only one that can use the keys! Run!” Dhrel demanded.
Kaelestra obeyed her husband and ran down the street. She would get help. She was no match for either of them but maybe her father or Kriista might be enough. Lexi wouldn’t have believed her even if she had told Lexi that her mother was still alive but seeing Kriista, maybe that could snap Lexi out of this.
Lascar walked over to Lexi and put his hand on her arm. He pushed her arm down and spoke to her softly. Dhrel collapsed to the ground.
“The whore is right. We need him. It is the only way for me to get the real Zephillia back.” Lascar was slightly disappointed. He enjoyed watching Dhrel suffer for stupidly thinking he could outwit him.
“I can’t believe all of this is happening. I can’t believe that you are real. I’m Kriista’s daughter?” Lexi obeyed and confusion set in again.
“What is your full name?” Lascar asked. He had a suspicion that there would be some clue that could prove his point and he was correct as usual.
“Lexianna Elyse Tyrus,” Lexi said looking at him, lost in the nightmare that had become her life.
“I knew it. And your real name would be Lexianna Elyse Tyrillias. You never wondered why your middle name is Elyse?” Lascar asked as he walked over to Dhrel.
“I just figured it was from the book,” Lexi replied.
“What book?” Lascar asked curiously and turned back to her.
“Elyse was Kriista’s friend in the book. The one written by Dhrel Tyrillias…” Lexi looked down at the unconscious man that she had known all her life as Lethian and hatred filled her again. “He wrote a book about Kriista’s struggle to stop you.”
“Elyse was Kriista’s wife,” Lascar announced.
“Wife? Kriista had a wife?” Lexi’s whole world was coming down around her. She sat down on the ground, her willpower failing. “My mom had a wife?”
Lascar looked at the lost little girl in front of him and for a moment felt compassion but this was soon replaced by his sudden realization that this girl was just what he was looking for. This opportunity could not be ignored. The girl was exactly what he needed. Someone from his family, someone incredibly strong, who didn’t hate him.
“Yes, your mother had a wife. She died and Kriista blamed me. I am just trying to get my wife back but your mother and your uncle won’t let that happen.” Lascar lied. “Even your grandfather Lastian did everything in his power to keep me from getting my Zephillia back.”
Lexi looked up at him with tears streaming down her face.
“It was all a lie. My whole life was a lie!” Lexi shouted. A hint of the blue energy filled her corneas.
“Yes, please help me get Zephillia back and I will try to help you get your life back.” Lascar held his hand out to her.
“Can you bring back Billy?” Lexi accepted Lascar’s hand and was soon on her feet. Her face filled with hope.
“No, sadly he was not like us but I can bring your mom back. If we can find her heartstone,” Lascar replied.
“What’s a heartstone?” Lexi asked.
“When one of our kind is killed their heart crystalizes and turns into a beautiful gemstone. I just need to figure out how to get the person back from inside of it. After I find out how to bring them back we will only need to find the heartstones. It will be easy once we know how to do it.”
Her mother had lied to her but the little girl inside still wanted to at least be given the chance to get mad at her mom. Lexi looked at Lascar still lost in this nightmarish situation but managed to crack half a smile.
“I’ll help you.” Lexi looked down at Dhrel and all traces of the smile vanished. “What do we do with him?” Lexi spat the word out of her mouth.
“The answer to our problem is on an island far to the north and we need him to open the door.” Lascar grabbed Dhrel by the back of his torn suit and dragged him down the street.
“Where do you suppose this lying piece of garbage hid the keys?” Lexi sneered at the unconscious man that she used to care for.
“We should worry about keeping him still before we worry about the keys,” Lascar laughed. “Would not want him to vanish before the door is open.”
“No,” Lexi agreed and she kicked Dhrel in the head.
“Remind me never to lie to you,” Lascar laughed. He had, in fact, lied to her but by the time she figured it out it would be too late. Lascar wasn’t afraid of her. She was very powerful but he doubted she could stand up to him. She was just another tool he could use to get his wife back, nothing more. When he was finished with her, he couldn’t care less what happened to her.

Chapter 12
Kaelestra burst into the apartment while Kriista sat on the couch reading a book.
Kriista had refurnished the apartment as closely as she could to what Dhrel had described. Kaelestra would eventually find out but maybe all the trouble she and Dhrel had gone to would be appreciated.
“Kae?” Kriista asked, looking up from her book. She had ran by so fast Kriista barely registered who it was. Kriista heard drawers opening and shutting and curses flying out of her mouth.
“Shit, shit, where are those damn keys?!” Kaelestra yelled as she searched Dhrel’s dresser. When she realized they weren’t there she went to her dresser and got out some clothes. What she was wearing was far too tight, the little that was left of it. The cuts on her body were starting to heal except the ones kept open by the shreds of Zephillia’s clothes that still dug in deeply.
“You’re a mess!” Kriista said, urgency now grabbing her as well. “What happened?!”
“What did Dhrel tell you about the plan?!” Kaelestra frantically grabbed Kriista by the shoulders and looked down into her eyes.
“He said you and he were going to trap Lascar tonight, why?” Kriista tried to remain calm but Kaelestra was starting to worry her. She looked at Kaelestra’s body, covered with wounds and blood. “Is Dhrel ok?”
Kaelestra grabbed some scissors from her end table and cut the remnants of Zephillia’s clothes from her body. Kriista blushed and turned around. Kaelestra was indeed beautiful. If she could ever find a woman that looked half that good she would consider herself lucky.
“Why do you always get the pretty ones little brother?” Kriista whispered to herself. She still hadn’t completely grasped Kaelestra’s urgency and panic. It was just Dhrel. Lascar would never kill Dhrel. Whatever had happened she would go rescue him. Her, Kaelestra and Gromthule would get Dhrel back and start a new plan. If anyone had to be captured at least it had been her brother.
“I’d guess that my little brother underestimated Lascar again and is his prisoner?” Kriista asked. She was concerned but not overly so. At least Kaelestra was fine. Gromthule was fine. Lexianna was fine. Dhrel could take care of himself quite well.
“You don’t understand!” Kaelestra spun Kriista around after she had quickly pulled her clothes on.
“Your shirt is on backward.” Kriista snickered. Kaelestra quickly pulled the shirt off and then put it back on.
Once again Kriista couldn’t help but stare at the woman’s beautiful body. She wasn’t wearing a bra so Kriista got an eyeful.
“You need to quit doing that. You’re married to my brother.” Kriista quipped.
“I’m not in the mood, Kris!” Kaelestra shouted then went into the kitchen and started throwing drawers onto the floor.
Now Kriista started to worry. Kaelestra wasn’t easily agitated and rarely snapped at anyone. She had talked with her on and off over the years before her imprisonment. It was hard not to, she was Lexi’s half-sister and Gromthule’s daughter. She considered Kae a friend, her newfound attraction to her was somewhat shocking. This angry, frazzled person was not the Kae she knew. Something much more serious was wrong.
Kriista followed Kaelestra to the kitchen and bit her tongue to keep her from making a joke about the mess Kaelestra was making.
“What are you looking for?” Kriista asked.
“The keys! Where the hell did Dhrel hide the damn keys?!” Kaelestra shouted as she threw another drawer into the growing pile.
“I’ve cleaned this entire place and I didn’t see any of them. I assume he hid them at his house.” Kriista said.
Kaelestra stood up and stared at Kriista. The jumble of emotions in her face was hard to read but Kriista knew something horrible had happened. Something that Kaelestra didn’t want to tell her.
“Just tell me,” Kriista said, annoyed with her friend. She didn’t feel like Kaelestra was her daughter or step-daughter. Her and Gromthule weren’t married and never would be. She was a sister-in-law, but calling her that, even to herself, felt strange. How could her sister-in-law be her daughter’s half-sister? Just the thought of that made Kriista’s head hurt. No, Kaelestra was her friend, actually, her only friend since Raylee’s death.
“It’s Lexi,” Kaelestra started but couldn’t finish.
“What’s happened to Lexi?!” Kriista’s urgency now matched Kaelestra’s.
“She’s…she…Billy is dead. Lexi lost it and attacked Dhrel then she attacked me. She almost killed me. Her magic…it’s like Lascar’s. They might kill Dhrel if I don’t find those damn keys!” Kaelestra started to cry.
Kriista stood there for a second, not believing what was going on. Then she calmed herself. She needed to keep calm. Her temper could easily get out of control and that wouldn’t help Lexi. She needed to think.
“Who is Billy?” Kriista asked. She needed all the information before she could figure out what to do.
“Lexi’s boyfriend. Billy Horthus,” Kaelestra sobbed. She returned to searching the kitchen and throwing things in the middle of the floor. Before she resigned herself to going to their country house she needed to make sure that the keys were nowhere in this apartment.
“Billy Horthus, hmm. Didn’t see that coming,” Kriista said, much calmer than Kaelestra. “Was he good to her?” Kriista asked. She had missed so much of her daughter’s life. Strangely this helped her think. Knowing about her daughter kept her calm.
“Yes, he was good to her. He adored her. What difference does it make? He is dead and Lexi…” Kaelestra didn’t finish.
“Lexi is what?” Kriista started to get angry.
“Lexi is evil. She would have killed me. She wanted to kill me. Dhrel stopped her or I would be dead.” Kaelestra sobbed and sat on the floor.
“Oh, hell no! My daughter isn’t going to be like him. Let’s go!” Kriista picked up Kaelestra by the arm and ushered her out of the apartment. 
In the elevator Kaelestra tried to compose herself and wiped the tears from her eyes. Dhrel had accidentally killed Billy. His plan, their stupid plan, had cost Billy his life and now her innocent little sister was caught in the middle of it. She felt guilt like she had never experienced before and soon she was crying again.
Kriista put her arm around Kaelestra and hugged her.
“Don’t worry. Dhrel can fix this. We just need to get those keys and give them to Lascar. We’ll make the rest up as we go along. I’m sure Dhrel has a backup plan.” Kriista wasn’t sure that Dhrel had a backup plan but she desperately hoped he did.
“How are we going to find the keys in that huge house? He could have hidden them anywhere,” Kaelestra sobbed.
“My brother isn’t that clever. I think I can find them.” Kriista put her head against Kaelestra’s arm. “Don’t worry. I would never let anything happen to my little brother.”

Chapter 13
Lascar tossed Dhrel’s limp body into the cage. It wasn’t a magical cage. It wouldn’t hold Dhrel, it was symbolic. Lascar shook the bars while Lexi stood behind him.
“Wake up Dhrel,” Lascar said softly. It almost sounded like he was taunting him.
Dhrel opened his eyes and shot to his feet.
“Where am I?!” Dhrel demanded. He grabbed the bars and started to bend them but Lascar held up his hand and threw him to the back wall.
“I know this will not hold you but I think you should consider staying.” Lascar was calm.
“Why?!” Dhrel yelled angrily.
“Because if you do not stay I will be forced to kill Kaelestra. I am certain I can make it to her before you do. You seem to have an affection for the whore. So hear me out.” Lascar waved his hand and a chair slid across the floor. He caught it and then sat in front of the bars.
Dhrel relaxed some and slid to the floor.
“I am going to get the keys. It is just a matter of time. Tell me where they are and I will not kill her. I just want the keys. Then, when you have opened the lock I will let you go. You and Kaelestra can do whatever you like. I will not harm either of you,” Lascar promised.
“You said…” Lexi started but Lascar stood and cut her off.
“The other room. Now,” Lascar ordered and Lexi followed. “Think about it while I confer with Lexianna. I hope you are here when I get back. It would be a shame for Kaelestra to die for no reason. You cannot stop me from finding those keys.”
Lascar walked into the next room followed by Lexi.
“You said I would get to kill them for what they did.” Lexi lost some of her anger. Lascar’s expression was confusing.
“I said I was not going to harm them. I said nothing about you.” Lascar smiled evilly and Lexi smiled back.
“I see. So you are fooling him?” Lexi asked.
Lascar felt sorry for the girl now more than he had before. She wasn’t very bright. She was very powerful but her intellect was average, possibly less. She wasn’t stupid but she wasn’t on his level, not even close.
“Yes, we are fooling him. I cannot be held responsible for the actions you take after the keys are used to open the door.” Lascar again grinned evilly.
“I will snap his little lying neck!” Lexi held out her hand and squeezed but nothing happened. “What’s going on?”
“What do you mean?” Lascar asked.
“I have no magic. I had tons of magic last night.” Lexi tried again but still nothing happened.
“Maybe you are just tired.” Lascar consoled.
“No, I’m not tired at all. I had magic a minute ago. I could feel it. Now I feel nothing.” Lexi looked upset and angry. She liked feeling powerful.
Lascar looked at her curiously then at the door leading to Dhrel’s cage.
“Follow me and tell me the instant you feel magic,” Lascar commanded.
“Yes, Lascar,” Lexi replied.
“Call me grandfather. You are family.” Lascar walked to the door and opened it.
“I feel it!” Lexi shouted.
Lascar shut the door.
“Now I don’t,” Lexi announced.
“Now walk into the room and pay attention. Get right up to the bars and see how strong it feels.” Lascar ordered.
Lexi walked slowly up to the door and opened it. Lascar watched closely and as Lexi got close to the bars her eyes lit up blue. The closer she got the brighter they shined. Dhrel sat in the back of the cage and fear spread on his face. Lexi’s evil smile became more sinister the closer she got to him.
“That is good enough. Come here, please,” Lascar asked nicely. He was ecstatic. She had no real power. For some reason all she could do was steal Dhrel’s power. She had only gained a part of Zephillia’s ability. Apparently Dhrel’s magic was the same as hers so she could only steal his.
“Why did that happen?” Lexi asked after she shut the door.
“You are a special kind of mage,” Lascar started to explain. “You drain magic from your uncle. Somehow you are even amplifying it but you do not have any of your own.”
“Am I draining it from you too?” Lexi asked confused.
Lascar felt relieved. He wouldn’t have to kill her. She was simple and her power was contingent on Dhrel. She was not a threat at all.
“No, dear. You can only drain his power.” Lascar spoke to her like she was a toddler.
“I don’t want to lose my magic. If I kill him I won’t have it anymore.” Lexi almost seemed like she was going to throw a childish fit.
“You will have to decide on which is more important. Magic or killing him.” Lascar looked at her with pity.
“I’m sorry, I just don’t understand this magic stuff. I’ll think about it. I really like the power but he deserves to die.” Lexi looked at the floor deep in thought and Lascar escorted her back in.
“So, Dhrel, what did you decide?” Lascar asked as he sat Lexi down in a chair.
“I won’t do it.” Dhrel tried to be brave but his fear was evident.
“One more chance.” Lascar held out his hand and all of Dhrel’s muscles were flooded with pain.
Lexi stood up and pushed Lascar’s hand down.
“Let me do it, grandfather.” Lexi looked at Dhrel cruelly. She wanted to hurt him.
“Yes, it is only fair that you be the one to convince him. Just do not let him escape. If he even tries to leave you get me right away.” Lascar turned and walked out of the room. He then headed for the door leading out.
He stepped into the fresh air and took a long, deep breath. He felt a little weak. He hadn’t used much magic but it had been enough to weaken him. They were in the country, at least a mile from the city. Lascar looked at the city across the lush green yard full of grass. He put his hand against the tree and soon the bark began to crack and wither. The yard quickly followed and turned yellow, then grey as the life was drained from everything around him. He could hear Dhrel’s screams from out here. Lexi was doing a good job of ‘convincing’ Dhrel to tell them where the keys were. She wasn’t very bright and she didn’t have her own magic but she was impressive all the same. Her anger was unquenchable, that he could use.

Chapter 14
In a few hours Kaelestra and Kriista arrived at Dhrel’s country house. Kriista had driven, Kaelestra was far too upset to drive. Along the way they remained silent, Kriista deep in thought and Kaelestra worried about her husband and sister.
Kriista got out of the car and marveled at what they had done to the house.
“You guys have been busy,” Kriista stated. The house was larger than she remembered. It looked like they had added on rooms.
“Dhrel added a study, a bedroom for Lexi and an enclosed pool in the back. Lexi kept asking him for a pool until one day he just gave in and hired some people to build it.” Kaelestra smiled wearily. Remembering her little sister so happy kept her from thinking about what she had become.
Kriista walked to the door slowly and Kaelestra could see her sadness.
“I’m very sorry, I didn’t mean to bring up bad memories,” Kaelestra apologized.
Kriista opened the door and walked into the house. Another wave of remorse hit her as she looked around. On the kitchen counter were high school books. She had missed her little girl’s entire childhood. Why had she been so careless and stupid? Dhrel had warned her but she didn’t listen. The urgency she had felt before seemed unimportant. She didn’t even know her little girl anymore. The small, loving child she remembered was gone.
Kriista leaned over the counter and covered her face as she wept. Kaelestra rushed to the bedrooms and started searching for the keys.
After a few minutes Kriista walked slowly from the kitchen and down a hallway that lead to two bedrooms and a bathroom. She glanced at Kaelestra tearing what appeared to be Dhrel’s bedroom apart. Clothes were flying all over and then Kaelestra lifted up the bed. Kriista continued down the hall and readied herself, then opened the other bedroom door.
Inside this room was a horrible mess. There were books on the bed, books on the end table, even books in a pile on the floor. Lexi really liked to read. Kriista wasn’t surprised by this. She recalled the many nights she had read Lexi a bedtime story. Kriista turned her attention to the walls and looked at the many posters. Some looked like movie posters and others looked like bands. Kriista had never heard of any of these and remorse swept over her again. She had missed it all!
Lexi was now nineteen, almost a woman. She would be going off to college or finding a man to marry or, at the very least, finding her own place. Lexi’s childhood was over. Kriista leaned on her hands and let the tears fall. What she wouldn’t give to do it all over again. Anger gripped Kriista and she stood up. She walked over to the dresser and knocked all the books off of it. A manuscript fell to the floor and papers went everywhere. Kriista felt guilty about messing up Lexi’s room and bent down to pick up the scattered papers. She lifted up the first one and read the title. ‘A Mother’s Sacrifice’ was the title and below it said ‘Written by ‘Lexianna Elyse Tyrus’. Kriista continued to read. ‘I dedicate this book to my mother, Kristen. She is the inspiration for everything I do.’
Kriista’s tears dripped onto the page and she quickly wiped them off. Kriista sorted the papers while trying not to cry on them and placed them back on Lexi’s dresser. She couldn’t read this right now. She needed to get her daughter back but in order to do that she needed to find the keys.
Kriista left the room and headed down the hall. As she passed Kaelestra destroying Dhrel’s bedroom she yelled.
“Dhrel wouldn’t hide it in a bedroom. Too obvious.” Kriista walked purposefully to the other side of the house. She went out by the pool and circled it.
Kriista still had a link to her key. It wasn’t strong like it had been so many centuries ago but if it was close enough, she would feel it calling her. Dhrel had not hidden it in the construction of the pool. That would have been too easy, at least for Kriista.
Kriista walked back into the house and toward Dhrel’s home office. There was a computer, a TV and lots of books. It wasn’t here either. She walked through the home office to a door in the back and then into Dhrel’s weight room. How had her little brother put on so much muscle? Kriista smirked as she thought of why her little brother had done it. All of this to impress a girl. The question was how?
Kriista walked up to the weights and lifted the largest one like it was a child’s toy. Kaelestra walked up behind her and stood in the doorway. She thought about her husband spending time in here lifting weights.
“He shut his power off so they would actually be difficult,” Kaelestra smiled.
“Shut it off?” Kriista asked.
“I guess so. It took him quite a while to figure out how. When he was writing ‘The Legend of Lascar’ he finally realized how to do it. Said that something in his research clicked and he was able to turn off his power.” Kaelestra admired her husband and it was clear in her voice. “He says it helps him clear his mind to be able to feel human.”
“What a liar,” Kriista laughed.
“What?” Kaelestra asked, offended.
“He didn’t do this to feel human. Don’t tell me you never suspected?” Kriista gave Kaelestra a knowing look but the expression she got in return told her that her friend hadn’t suspected a thing. “He did this for you. All of this.” Kriista waved her hand around the room. “All this to impress you.”
Kaelestra looked around the room then as the tears filled her eyes she put her hand over her face. Kriista put her arms around Kaelestra and held her tightly.
“Don’t worry, Dhrel is strong. We’ll get him back.” Kriista giggled a little. “You really didn’t know?”
Kaelestra wiped the tears from her face. She let herself smile as she looked at Kriista.
“It never occurred to me,” Kaelestra laughed. “Sneaky bastard.”
“I’m sorry to say but the keys aren’t here,” Kriista said softly while she held Kaelestra.
An explosion deafened them as it filled the house. Kaelestra turned and rushed back through Dhrel’s office and into the living room, Kriista following her closely. When they arrived the living room and kitchen were filled with smoke. First Dhrel walked through the whole where the door had been and Kaelestra ran to him.
“Dhrel!” she cried out but before she could reach him she was thrown backward. She toppled over the couch and into the middle of the living room.
“Not so fast, sister,” Lexi announced cruelly. “I didn’t get my happy ending. You won’t get yours!” Lexi’s eyes filled the house with blue light. She looked terrifying. Her face looked cruel and menacing.
“Lexi, please stop!” Kriista begged.
Lexi turned and faced her mother. Shock and happiness filled her face then as quickly as it came it was replaced with anger.
“You’re helping them!” Lexi shouted and tossed Kriista into a nearby wall. Kriista got back up but Lexi threw her again. This time Kriista shot through the glass of the living room window and into the pool. She landed with a huge splash, glass and blood flying everywhere.
Lexi raised her hand and Kaelestra was lifted into the air. Dhrel fell to the ground like he was in pain and Lascar watched from the door way curiously. The more power Lexi used the weaker Dhrel got.
“Please, Lexi. I lied. They aren’t here. Let them go and I’ll tell you where they really are.” Dhrel struggled to stay conscious. The house began to shake as Lexi’s anger rose.
“Why did you lie to me again?!” Lexi shouted then the house was still. Kaelestra fell to the ground weary and disoriented.
Dhrel struggled to get to his knees.
“Please, just let them go. I was stupid. I thought seeing your mother alive might make you stop helping him,” Dhrel begged.
“You thought that knowing my mother was a liar like you would be helpful?” Lexi asked cruelly. “She helped kill Billy and you thought I’d be ok with that?” Lexi’s anger was rising again and Dhrel fell on his elbows.
“Please, I’ll tell you where they are.” Dhrel groveled.
Lascar continued to stand in the door way. Lexi made him proud. She was angry and nearly unstoppable.
Kriista pulled herself from the pool, soaking wet, covered with cuts, and bleeding all over. She managed to get to her feet and yelled at Lexi.
“Lexi stop this! This won’t solve anything! Lascar is using you!” Kriista got to her feet and faced her daughter.
“Kriista, no. Even Elyse can’t help her now.” Dhrel lifted his eyebrows and Kriista caught the strange expression on his face.
“Leave me ALONE!” Lexi screamed at the top of her lungs. Kaelestra and Kriista were thrown backward. They were shot over the pool and into the concrete wall behind it. Both of them fell to the floor. Kriista reeled from the pain and Kaelestra lay beside her, out cold. The house shook and pictures fell from the walls. Dishes fell out of the cupboards and the TV in the living room fell over and smashed into the coffee table in front of it.
Lascar looked at Dhrel who was now unconscious. He was pleased with Lexi but she needed to stop. Dhrel couldn’t die yet. Not until he had the answer. Not until he knew how to resurrect Zephillia.
Lascar grabbed Lexi by the shoulders and turned her to face him.
“Calm yourself. He will do us no good if he is dead,” Lascar said calmly and kindly.
Lexi pulled away from him.
“No, I have no need for the keys. My mother isn’t dead. She’s just a LIAR!” Lexi screamed and again the house shook. Every muscle in Dhrel’s body tensed and he moaned in pain. She was killing him. She was draining all the life from Dhrel.
“Wait!” Lascar tried one more time. This was her last chance. If she didn’t stop killing Dhrel she would die. Lascar’s eyes lit up. “I won’t let you kill him until I have Zephillia. Stop now or I will be forced to hurt you.”
“I’m sorry, grandfather,” Lexi said looking into his eyes. “I forgot that you still need him to get her back. I…I just couldn’t stop.”
Lascar bent down and grabbed Dhrel’s leg then put his arm around Lexi.
“It’s ok. When Zephillia is back you can do whatever you want to them. I’ll even help, if you want me to.” Lascar escorted her back out to her car, dragging Dhrel’s limp body behind them.
“I’m sorry, grandfather. I’ll try harder,” Lexi said as she got into the driver’s seat.
“Don’t worry about it,” Lascar comforted. He tossed Dhrel in the back seat then got in the passenger side. “We’ll go back to the house and get him to tell us where they really are. You can take out your anger on him, just don’t kill him, ok?”
“I can do that,” Lexi smiled, started the car and took off.

Chapter 15
Kriista sped down the highway in the fancy sports car. Kaelestra had been unconscious when Kriista got them both in the car and she was finally starting to wake up.
“What the hell!?” Kaelestra sat up startled. She quickly realized they were traveling down the road in the middle of the night and going very fast. “Where are we going? Are you sure you remember how to drive? We have speed limits now.”
Kriista looked down at the speedometer and let her foot off the gas.
“I never could keep this thing under the speed limit. It’s just too easy to drive.” Kriista laughed.
“Shit!” Kaelestra shouted as she looked around the car. “We need to go back! Dhrel will kill us if he finds out we’re in this car! This thing costs more than a house!”
Kriista just laughed.
“Seriously, he will kill us,” Kaelestra begged.
“Right…” Kriista smirked.
“No one gets to drive this car. It is twenty years old. This was the first one…” Kaelestra looked at the grin on Kriista’s face. She was enjoying this for too much. “He never lets anyone drive this because this is your car isn’t it?”
“Yep,” Kriista giggled.
“You could have said something.” Kaelestra crossed her arms and looked out the window.
“It was way more fun to let you figure it out.” Kriista motioned to the backseat with her head. “We have a change of clothes in the back. When it’s light out we’ll switch and change clothes at a rest stop or something.”
“Switch? You’re going to let me drive this monstrous thing?” Kaelestra asked, astonished.
The car was the first car Kriista had ever made with plans she got from the downed spacecraft. She had worked diligently on it for months. There were several failed attempts, the engine exploded once and the tires melted off another because the engine was too powerful. She cut back the power a little and kept trying until finally she had a working model. In the initial tests things seemed fine but only when Kriista was driving it. She knew every quirk and nuance the car hid. Also, being who she was, her reaction times were much quicker than that of a normal human. As soon as a test driver took off he crashed it into a wall. The car had too much power and too little control. This particular model was never mass produced. Kriista went back and redesigned the engine once more. This time she reduced the power output by half, fine-tuned the controls to be more responsive and finally she had a car that a human could control. She loved this car. It was the first one she ever made. She fixed up the damage done by the test driver and had Dhrel keep it in his garage. She couldn’t very well drive this thing ten blocks to work every day. This car needed wide open space and a long, empty road to really appreciate its power.
“I don’t think I can drive this thing,” Kaelestra admitted. “I’m not like you and Dhrel. Besides this car isn’t licensed. What are we going to do if we get pulled over?”
Kriista laughed and reached into her pocket. She pulled out an old and bent identification card with her picture on it.
“You have one too?” Kaelestra asked.
“Yes, I’m surprised Dhrel hasn’t given you one yet.” Kriista put the card back into her pocket.
“Well, we couldn’t very well tell anyone that we were married. So it’s not like I could get a government id while posing as Mephnia, his assistant. Wait, what did yours say?” Kaelestra furled her brow, it just dawned on her that Kriista’s had her real name on it.
“It said my name and title,” Kriista grinned.
“Title?” Kaelestra wondered.
“It says Queen Kriista Tyrillias,” Kriista replied. “Even has the stamps of all the state leaders on the back. Ones that can’t be faked.”
“The hologram and id chip, all that?” Kaelestra asked.
“Yep,” Kriista replied.
“How do you think they came up with those? I mean really, virtually unhackable encryption and a battery that lasts a lifetime because it recharges when it’s near electricity. That’s really cool,” Kaelestra pondered.
“I don’t know. Someone really smart must have come up with that,” Kriista grinned.
“Damn it, I’m an idiot,” Kaelestra put her hand over her face. “I’m talking to the woman who practically invented everything. You probably made it, didn’t you?”
“I helped, and I didn’t invent everything. I reverse engineered everything…I did add some improvements though,” Kriista added.
“I don’t know what Dhrel sees in me.” Kaelestra looked serious now.
“What are you talking about?” Kriista sounded annoyed.
“He’s so…hell, he’s Dhrel Tyrillias.” She stopped as if that was enough.
“And you’re Kaelestra Tyrillias, what’s your point?” Kriista replied.
Kaelestra smiled. She liked hearing her real name, her full name. Being Dhrel’s wife made her very happy.
“See…” Kriista pointed at Kaelestra’s smiling face.
“What?” Kaelestra asked.
“That right there. You are the first person I really believe deserves to be with my brother.” Kriista replied.
“What it’s just a smile,” Kaelestra said trying not to smile any more.
“Kaelestra Tyrillias,” Kriista said and watched as a crooked smile formed on Kaelestra’s face. “You really love him. He makes you happy. Hell, I’m not sure he deserves someone like you.”
Kaelestra thought back on her time with Dhrel and a bigger smile lit up her face.
“Yeah, he does,” Kaelestra grinned.
“Good, cause if my little brother ever mistreated you I’d kick his scrawny…ok, he’s not scrawny anymore but I’d still kick his ass,” Kriista laughed.
Kaelestra leaned on Kriista’s shoulder.
“Thank you…” Kaelestra was almost going to call her sister but then realized how strange that would be. “I’m not sure if I should call you sister or mom.” Kaelestra laughed loudly and sat back up in her seat.
“Yeah, that is a problem. How about friend?” Kriista offered.
“I’d like that,” Kaelestra replied then a thought occurred to her. “You talk to dad yet?”
“No,” Kriista replied, clearly disappointed with herself. “I just don’t know where to start.”
Both of them were silent for a moment. This was an uncomfortable conversation but one that Kaelestra felt needed to be addressed.
“You need to talk to him. He thinks he did something wrong,” Kaelestra said kindly.
“I know! But he didn’t do anything wrong. Stupid as it sounds, it was me. I couldn’t do it. As much as I love the man, I can’t love him. Not like he wants.” Kriista looked at the road, frustrated with herself.
“I know that, you know that, I think even he knows that but he needs to hear it from you. He misses you. He won’t say it, but he really misses you. Before…well before Lexi you were always part of the conversation. I even started to get a little jealous. Kriista did this today. Kriista figured this out. Kriista made a damn cellphone! Everything was you.” Kaelestra sounded sad not angry.
“I miss him too. He was my best friend. I really screwed things up,” Kriista beat her fist on the steering wheel. “If I’d just had enough willpower. I started it. I kissed him.”
Kaelestra really didn’t want to hear this part but Kriista needed someone to talk to.
“He doesn’t regret it. You shouldn’t either.” Kaelestra said.
“How can I not?” Kriista banged her fist on the steering wheel again.
“It happened, Lexi was born, figure out what’s next. That’s all he wants. He just wants to know what’s next. What does he do now?” Kaelestra struggled to find the right words.
“You’re right, I want my best friend back. It was a mistake, we just need to move on.” Kriista still sounded very frustrated.
“It wasn’t a mistake. You meant to do it. You didn’t accidentally have sex with him for over a month. It meant something to both of you. Don’t tarnish it, remember it fondly but figure out where to go from here.” Kaelestra was adamant. Viewing it as a mistake was bad for both of them.
“Damn, that’s some harsh reality. True, but harsh. I’m back to thinking Dhrel doesn’t deserve you again,” Kriista laughed. “You have a big heart, just like your dad. And you’re freaking smart about stuff like this.”
Kaelestra looked at her hands resting in her lap. She didn’t deserve Dhrel.
“I’ve been keeping something from Dhrel. I don’t deserve him. All this stuff, Dhrel’s plan, brought it all back out.” Kaelestra sounded ashamed.
“If you cheated on him you better just get out now. I have a bad temper,” Kriista scowled.
“No, I would never do that. I mean why would I do that? You’ve seen your brother.” Kaelestra smiled a little.
“For one, he’s my brother and for two, he’s a guy…” Kriista raised one eyebrow.
“True but still. No, I would never cheat on him. He’s everything that I wanted. Hell, I didn’t even know I wanted half the things he is to me.” Kaelestra’s smile grew then it fell as she thought.
“Then what is it? It can’t be that bad. Did you lie to him? Did you steal something from him? Cause you’re his wife, it’s not stealing. How bad could it be?” Kriista tried to joke but Kaelestra wasn’t in the mood for it.
“I kept something from him. Something I’ve never told anyone. I won’t let him bond with me anymore because I’m afraid he’ll find out.” Kaelestra wrung her hands in her lap, this was serious.
“By bond you mean that combining of the minds or whatever that was, right? It’s not some weird druid sex thing?” Kriista smiled at Kaelestra trying to cheer her up. Kaelestra smiled briefly but it was gone just as fast.
“Yes, the combining of minds. There’s a druid word for it but no Tyrillian translation. Bonding is sort of close.” Kaelestra crossed her arms and looked at the road. This was very difficult for her. She looked like she wanted to jump out and scream.
“So, tell me first. You brought it up. Then tell my brother or bond with him and show him.” Kriista wasn’t smiling anymore and she wasn’t about to make a joke. Kaelestra needed someone to listen.
Kaelestra took a deep breath and placed both hands, palms down, on her legs.
“I stopped bonding with Dhrel because I couldn’t keep the thoughts out of my head. All this talk of a plan to stop Lascar brought back memories of him. The memories of what he did to me in the dungeon.” Kaelestra stopped to catch her breath. She felt like she was going to hyperventilate or vomit, maybe both.
“He raped you, Dhrel knows that.” Kriista didn’t quite understand.
“Dhrel saw it. He didn’t feel it. That brief moment when I accidentally showed him everything, he saw it from the outside.” Kaelestra’s hands started shaking. “If I let him experience it again I won’t be able to stop him from feeling what I felt. It will be like it was happening to him. We’re too close now. He will know everything.” Kaelestra put her shaking hand up to her face and rubbed the tear out of her eye.
“Dhrel can take it. He loves you. I can’t really say what he would choose but I’m pretty sure he would want to help you if he could. If sharing it with him helps you, he’ll do it, no question.” Kriista was certain in this. Her brother loved Kaelestra very much. All joking aside, there was nothing Dhrel wouldn’t do for her. This was much different than his love for Shye, Kaelestra was his world.
“I know he would. I’m just afraid he won’t want me anymore.” Kaelestra put her palms on her legs again, readying herself for the worst part. “The part I don’t want him to find out is that I wanted to be raped.”
“You can’t mean that?!” Kriista looked at Kaelestra. The pain was evident on her face, she wasn’t saying exactly what she meant.
“I didn’t want him to rape me, no, but I preferred it to the torture. Every day he came down there I begged the creator that Lascar was in a good mood. I couldn’t take the torture any more. I got on my hands and knees and begged for Lascar to rape me instead. That would be over with quickly. The torture lasted for hours. He found ways to cause pain that I didn’t know were possible. I tried to do everything to please Lascar so he wouldn’t be angry with me. I can’t show Dhrel that. He will realize that I really am a whore. Lascar was right.” Kaelestra put her hands on her face and cried.
Kriista hit the brakes and the powerful car slid nearly a hundred feet before it came to a stop. Kriista got out of the car and Kaelestra looked worried. Kriista came to the passenger door and pulled it open much nicer than she would have liked to. If it wasn’t her favorite car and they weren’t in a hurry she would have torn the door clean off. Kaelestra could see Kriista struggling to contain the fury. Her eyes burned and her face contorted. She grabbed Kaelestra under the arms and pulled her from the passenger side. Kaelestra cowered in fear. Then Kriista put her arms around Kaelestra and hugged her tightly. She spoke softly, even though they were all alone on the dark highway. The anger was even evident in her voice but it wasn’t directed at Kaelestra.
“You are not a whore. You are a victim. You did what you had to, to survive. You need to show this to Dhrel. I can’t possibly understand what you went through but if you show him he can. I can only guess at what you went through.” Kriista held Kaelestra tightly. She didn’t want to let go. “This isn’t something you can get over and it isn’t something that can be fixed. It is something you have to learn to live with and maybe Dhrel can go through it with you, if you let him.”
Kaelestra held onto Kriista tightly. After several minutes Kriista let Kaelestra go and walked up to the sign beside the road. She put her fist through the sign then hit it again and again until all that was left was crumpled metal on the ground. She then walked back and got in the driver’s side.
“I told you. I have a really bad temper.” Kriista smiled at Kaelestra and she smiled back with tears streaming down her face.
Then Kriista’s face lost all of its color, she looked very pale. She turned back to Kaelestra and looked frantic.
“Don’t tell anyone about this, ever! I was wrong, you have to tell Dhrel and soon. Don’t tell your dad, don’t tell Lexi. No one can know about this. Just you, Dhrel and me.” Kriista took off, squealing the tires. “Promise me that you will tell Dhrel and no one else.” Kriista was dead serious and she looked frightened.
“Why? What’s this about? What did Dhrel tell you about his plan?” Kaelestra urged.
“I can’t tell you. Bond with Dhrel then you will know. If I tell you he will be mad at me, really mad. Like never talk to me again, mad. Promise that you will bond with Dhrel. Shit! He’s going to know I told you this much. Damn it Kriista! Sometimes you’re so stupid!” She punched the steering wheel again. “Just remember that he did this for you. Not for me. Not for Lexi. Well some of it but even though he won’t admit it, this is all for you. He is risking everything for you.” Kriista was dead serious and Kaelestra was worried.
Kaelestra stared at Kriista, searching for some sign of what was going on but Kriista wasn’t going to say a word. It almost seemed like she was afraid of her little brother. Afraid of what he might do. Now Kaelestra was really worried. What was really going on? Dhrel was going to do something heroically stupid and possibly get them all killed, for her?
“Where are we going?” Kaelestra asked. She just realized that Kriista was driving with a purpose. She knew exactly where she was going.
“Dhrel gave me a clue to where the keys were. It was so obvious that I’m surprised Lascar didn’t notice.” Kriista’s smile returned.
“What clue?” Kaelestra asked, trying to push the emotional conversation from her mind. She would bond with Dhrel if he agreed. Kriista’s blind faith in her brother was inspiring. She might be able to deal with this with some help, someone who really understood what she went through. If Kriista was right that she should never tell anyone else then Dhrel was the only choice she had.
“Remember what Dhrel said back at your house.” Kriista referred to it as their house. She had seen what she thought was Dhrel’s bedroom only to find women’s clothes flying through the air as Kaelestra ransacked it. It might have been a secret to everyone else but it was Kaelestra’s as much as it was Dhrel’s.
“No,” Kaelestra replied honestly. She hadn’t heard a word. The pain she experienced had blocked out everything else.
“He said ‘Even Elyse can’t help her now’, the clever little bastard.” Kriista laughed.
“I don’t get it,” Kaelestra said.
“He hid them in Elyse’s grave.” Kriista looked confident and happy.
“Why would he do that?” Kaelestra asked.
“I’m the only one that visits it. It’s at a historical site and all her family is dead and gone. I don’t think anyone but me or Dhrel, possibly you and Lexi, would be allowed to go in there. It’s at Stone’s Rest.” Kriista smiled knowingly at Kaelestra.
Now Kaelestra understood Dhrel’s message. Stone’s Rest had been turned into a historical site by Dhrel. Only researchers that Dhrel, himself, had appointed were allowed there. Visitors could look at the complex from outside the walls, led by tour guides, only. This was the prefect hiding place. Kriista would feel the keys the next time she visited the grave. Her husband was a clever man. Kriista was right, she needed to bond with him. She needed to know what was really going on. She also needed to know her husband. He had apparently been keeping things from her, just as she had from him. All this in the hopes of protecting the other. This stupid line of thinking might very well get Dhrel killed, then she would be truly lost. No one would ever understand what she went through except Dhrel because she could only show him, if he allowed it.

Chapter 16
Kriista crept quietly over the wall at Stone’s Rest. There were only few guards patrolling at night so they were easily avoided. There wasn’t much of value left at Stone’s Rest. It had been all packed up and shipped to a storage facility by Dhrel many years ago. The only reason people were not allowed to go inside was that Dhrel didn’t want anyone to accidentally find something he had missed. Lascar had many hidden rooms in the various buildings. Dhrel couldn’t be sure he had found all of them. Also, he did it as a favor for his sister. Her little brother would never allow people to trample over Elyse’s grave, nor, Grulek’s or Iris’s. He also felt he owed respect to the countless other brave soldiers that had helped Kriista and Dhrel so many years ago. Many of them were buried here as well.
Kriista motioned to Kaelestra who swiftly climbed the rope and dropped over the wall with Kriista.
“I haven’t been here in eleven years but I can still find it, even in the dark,” Kriista said quietly to Kaelestra.
“Good, let’s get them and get out of here.” Kaelestra was even more worried now. Her husband was up to something ridiculously stupid. If they could get the keys maybe they could save him from himself.
They snuck, silently across the yard and Kriista knew exactly where to go. She had practiced here with her father Lastian, before she knew he was her father. She had trained other guards here after Lastian left, deemed a traitor. She knew this place very well.
“Right here…” Kriista looked down at the empty grave and the hole that was left behind.
“It took you a while,” Lexi said from the shadows. “You’re getting rusty, Kriista.” Lexi said her mother’s name with contempt and hatred.
Lexi held out her hand and Kaelestra was frozen with pain.
“If you harm her I will never help you. I’ll die first!” Dhrel yelled at Lexi. “Then you will never get Zephillia.”
“I could care less,” Lexi tossed Kaelestra like a rag doll into the side of a stone building. She cracked her head and fell to the ground, dizzy and in pain.
“You will not harm her!” Lascar commanded.
“I will if I want to!” Lexi shouted at Lascar. She absentmindedly waved her hand and Lascar flew into a wall. He got up quickly and stormed back to her. He thrust out his hand and Lexi fell to the ground holding her head. “I’m sorry, grandfather. I get so angry that I can’t think straight. I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
Lascar released her.
“No more outbursts like that. I’ll let you kill your mother but no one else. The whore lives unless Dhrel tries to trick us again.” Lascar held out his hand and Kaelestra flew to him. He threw her at Dhrel and Dhrel caught her.
“Lexi, stop this,” Dhrel pleaded. “Your mother didn’t do anything.”
“It’s ok, Dhrel. My daughter deserves the truth.” Kriista walked closer to Lexi.
“Kriista don’t, she’s as strong as Lascar. She’ll kill you,” Dhrel begged.
Kaelestra got to her knees so she could talk to Lexi.
“Please, Lexi. It was an accident. We didn’t mean to kill Billy,” Kaelestra pleaded.
“Shut up, sister. I’m tired of your lies. You always hated Billy. He was going to take me away. I think he was going to ask me to marry him but you happened.” Lexi turned to Kaelestra again about to inflict more pain. She looked at Lascar’s glowing red eyes and decided against it.
“Sorry, grandfather. You see what she does to me? She taunts me. It’s like she wants me to kill her,” Lexi explained.
“You have to learn to control your anger like I did. Use it to help you. Don’t let it control you.” Lascar was getting worried. Lexi was different than him but she was also similar in so many ways. Some day she might become a threat. She wasn’t smart but the more time she spent with Dhrel, the stronger she became. She was even using magic without Dhrel around now. It was like she was draining Dhrel’s magic and making it her own. He needed to get this over with quickly. She was at least twice as strong as Dhrel had ever been and continuing to grow stronger. He thought about killing her now but then he realized this time he was winning. He was getting everything he wanted, thanks to her help. The keys and Dhrel’s cooperation. No, he couldn’t risk killing her yet. Not until Zephillia was actually resurrected.
Lexi walked over to her mother and glared at her. Lexi’s eyes lit up and Kriista’s did in reply.
“Lexianna Elyse Tyrus. Listen to your mother. This is wrong!” Kriista said trying to elicit some glimpse of the daughter she once knew.
“My name,” Lexi started out quietly, gritting her teeth. “Is Lexianna Elyse TYRILLIAS! YOU LIEING BITCH!”
Lexi jumped on her mother and Kriista tried to overpower her but her daughter was incredibly strong. They rolled on the ground and Lascar smiled as he watched.
“Lexi, please,” Kaelestra pleaded.
“It’s no use, Kae, that isn’t Lexi anymore.” Dhrel put his arms around her.
Lexi got to her feet. Kriista hit her in the stomach then caught her on the chin. Lexi flew into the wall surrounding the site and rocks tumbled off of it. She picked herself up then grabbed one of the boulders that must have weight hundreds of pounds and threw it at Kriista. Kriista tried to catch it but the force behind it was too much. She crashed into the wall of one of the buildings and the boulder crushed her chest. Kriista coughed up blood and fell on top of the rock.
“Lexi, please, I’m your mother. I did it to protect you,” Kriista pleaded.
Lexi stomped over to her mother and picked her up by the throat.
“You lied to me. Everyone lies to me.” Lexi almost looked like she was going to cry.
“Lascar is using you.” Kriista lowered her voice and pleaded with her daughter.
“He is the only one telling me the truth!” Lexi thrust her hand into Kriista’s chest. Kriista’s eyes opened widely and the pain looked excruciating.
Lexi’s eyes lit up bright blue then the blue was replaced with purple. Kriista’s glow faded from her eyes and then her body went limp. Lascar looked on and started to get worried. Lexi threw her mother’s body across the yard with one hand and her eyes returned to blue as she walked back toward her grandfather.
“She’s dead. Let’s go.” Lexi didn’t even wait. She kept walking toward the exit. When she was at the gate she yelled. “And I’m done sneaking around!” She waved her hand and the gate exploded. When the dust cleared she walked through and Lascar looked on in shock.
“You wanted someone like you. Looks like you got it,” Dhrel taunted.
“Get up and shut your mouth. You have no idea what I want,” he said half-heartedly.
“She’s gone,” Kaelestra said sadly. “Kriista is dead and Lexi is gone. There’s no coming back from that.” Kaelestra cried again and she felt like all she had done for the last few days was cry. Everything in the last few days was a nightmare she couldn’t wake up from. Dhrel’s plan had fallen apart before it even got started and now the backup plan, whatever it was, didn’t seem to matter. Her friend, Kriista, was dead and Lexi was never coming back.
Dhrel helped his weakened wife to her feet then marched after Lexi, Lascar following closely behind them, lost in thought.
Lascar had created someone just like himself. If she was just as indestructible he would have a huge problem. There was no way to test this, of course, it would have to wait. He would catch her off guard or trick her. He had made up his mind. Lexi had to die. As soon as Zephillia was back Lexi would die.

Chapter 17
Dhrel and Kaelestra sat in the hold of the boat inside a cage. The cage was a normal cage and they could have broken free at any time. The only thing keeping them there was the fact that both Lexi and Lascar were up on the deck. Not to mention the fact that they were in the middle of the ocean, on their way to Marlok Island. Where would they go, even if they could sneak by the both of them?
Marlok Island was an uninhabited island far from Lascaria. It was actually north in the ocean between Brizen and Lascaria. It was sizable and full of trees. Strangely no animals lived there. No one knew why and anyone who came here mysteriously got sick, withered away and died before they could leave. In Dhrel’s research he had found out that Sabeen was held on this island so he decreed that the island would be deemed hazardous and off limits. A story was made up that this island was full of waste materials left by the mages of a great battle. One that happened five hundred years ago. This was, of course, a lie but when all the leaders of every state, including the leader of Brizen, repeated it, people took it as truth.
Dhrel held his lovely wife as she slept. They had been on the boat for days without food or water. Not that it would kill him but Kaelestra was in bad shape.
“I need food and water for Kae!” Dhrel yelled, trying to get someone’s attention.
Lexi stomped down the steps and threw some sandwiches at him. She angrily started back up the steps.
“She needs water. If you want me to help, she better live!” Dhrel yelled after her.
“Fine!” Lexi stomped the rest of the way up the steps. Dhrel could hear her yelling at the deck hands and Lascar. “The liar wants water! He says if she dies he won’t help!”
Soon Lexi stomped back down with about ten bottles of water in her arms. She threw them into the cage and stomped back up the steps.
“Thanks, Lex,” Dhrel said kindly.
“Don’t call me that!” Lexi scream and the boat shook. Dhrel smiled and Lexi stomped the rest of the way to the deck. Dhrel removed the lid from one of the bottles and held it to Kaelestra’s dry, cracked lips.
“Kae,” Dhrel nudged her and forced water into her mouth. “You need to drink, honey.”
Kaelestra coughed then grabbed the bottle and drank it down.
“Don’t worry there’s more. And food.” Dhrel grabbed one of the wrapped sandwiches and opened it for her. She gobbled it down quickly then looked at Dhrel guiltily.
“I’m sorry, was that the only one?” Kaelestra looked at Dhrel expecting reprisal.
“It’s fine, there’s another, you can have it too,” Dhrel looked kindly down at his wife. Strangely Dhrel didn’t look in bad shape at all. He had been without food and water just as long but looked perfectly healthy.
“You need to eat too. I’m fine.” Kaelestra grabbed another bottle of water and drank it dry.
Dhrel gently took the empty bottle and held it out in front of him.
“My body works…differently than yours.” Dhrel looked at her tenderly. “Yours needs food and water. Mine needs atoms.”
Kaelestra watched as the plastic bottle was absorbed into Dhrel’s hand.
“Don’t get me wrong, I enjoy eating. Much more satisfying, but my body won’t allow me to die.” Dhrel smiled to alleviate some of her shock.
“Could you do that to a person?” Kaelestra looked terrified.
“I probably could but it’s me. I would never do that.” Dhrel got a silly look on his face and leaned in with his mouth open, like he was going to bite her. He snapped his teeth shut loudly and Kaelestra giggled. “Well, I might eat you.”
“How can you joke at a time like this?” Kaelestra looked worried and upset now that her immediate starvation and thirst had been lessened.
“You are not going to like this.” Dhrel was overcome with guilt. “I’ve been keeping a secret from you for almost, well… Since before we were married. This plan wasn’t a scheme I made up two years ago. I’ve been working on this for ten years now.”
“What?” Kaelestra was shocked then she remembered her own secret. “I have something to share with you also but I can’t tell you about it. I would need to show you.” Kaelestra’s guilt and sorrow matched Dhrel’s.
“You’re finally going to let me bond with you again?” Dhrel asked. He looked excited and worried at the same time. He would get to experience his wife’s emotions but at the same time his secrets would be known by her and she might not love him the same way. There was no way her secret was half as bad as his.
“This is going to be unpleasant to say the least.” She looked down at the bottles and grabbed another, she was still very thirsty. “You are going to find out things about me that are disturbing. You may not see me the same way after this.” She drank down the water more slowly this time.
“I doubt there is anything you could show me that would make me think less of you. I don’t think it’s possible. I know you. I know what kind of person you are.” Dhrel was certain and his faith gave her strength. “Remember that I love you. What you are going to find out about me might shock you. I hope you can find a way to forgive me.” Dhrel brushed her frazzled and dirty hair away from her face so he could look at it more clearly, dirt and all. She was beautiful to him, no matter how dirty. Her looks brought him joy, a familiarity that lit his heart but it wasn’t her looks he loved.
“You ready?” Kaelestra scooted herself into his lap. She sat between his legs and faced away from him. Dhrel wrapped his arms around her and held her close to him.
“I’m ready.” Dhrel grabbed her hands and she clasped them tightly.
They both saw flashes of images, the others life flew by then started over again. The images turning into reality in their minds. Each experienced every moment of the other’s life. In about five minutes they knew every single thing, every thought the other had ever had. It was overwhelming and joyous, sad and frightening all at the same time. The emotions flew by so quickly that Dhrel’s eyes started to glow blue. His mind struggled to deal with all of them and reacted badly to some.
Kaelestra cried as Shye died and felt the heartbreak of the years Dhrel spent alone with his grief. She experienced the love Dhrel felt the night they were first together. She experienced their marriage through his eyes and found new love for the man.
Dhrel felt Kaelestra’s shame for begging the creator to make Lascar rape her instead of torture her. He experienced every moment of the years that Kaelestra spent in the dungeon. He felt the infatuation she had experienced with Lastian. He was Kaelestra for every day she spent hiding from Lascar, dreading the day he would come capture her again. He felt her fear, the fear that kept her in other people’s forms just to avoid going back to that dungeon and becoming Lascar’s play thing once more. Kaelestra’s life was much longer than Dhrel’s so he had far more to absorb.
Dhrel’s mind reeled when he finally let go of her hands. He grabbed his head, the memories and emotions trying to find a place in his mind. His eyes got brighter and the floor lit up with them. He pushed Kaelestra out of the way and fell on his hands. He was losing control of himself. What Lascar had done to her, he couldn’t handle.
“Dhrel? Are you ok?” Kaelestra asked, wiping tears from her face. Dhrel had loved Shye but his grief was not the reason Kaelestra was crying. She was crying because of how happy she was. Dhrel loved her like no one he had ever loved before. He had loved Shye as much as he could have when he was young but the love he felt for her was different, stronger, and more mature. She understood now. She could feel how important she was to him.
Dhrel tried to calm himself but the memories of the dungeon kept coming back to him. The shame, the self-loathing, they just wouldn’t stop. He felt everything with the intensity that Kaelestra had felt, still felt. How could his grandfather have done this to her? How could any man do this to any woman? It was inhuman. She was treated like a dog, no, people treat dogs better than that. She was treated like a possession. She was his to do with as he pleased. Dhrel started to separate himself from Kaelestra’s memories and the self-loathing turned to hatred. His grandfather needed to pay for what he had done. Dhrel didn’t care about his plan anymore. This needed to end. Lascar’s life NEEDED to end!
The boat started to shake and Lascar looked around curiously. Lexi noticed it shortly afterward and panicked. She fell to the floor and put her hands on her head.
“Make him stop!” she screamed.
“What’s going on?” Lascar asked.
“He’s fighting me!” Lexi shouted then shot to her feet and rushed down the steps to the cage.
“Stop it! She’ll die if you don’t stop!” Lexi sounded like she was begging Dhrel to stop. She almost looked like she was about to cry. “He’s going to kill her! Please stop!”
Lascar came running down the steps full of confusion.
“What’s happening?” Lascar demanded.
“You…” was the only word Dhrel could manage to say as he got to his feet. The word was full of hatred and Dhrel’s face matched his tone. The boat shook more violently and it seemed as if it was going to come apart at the seams.
Kaelestra had seen Dhrel’s plan in full when she bonded with him. She now knew exactly what was going on. She stood up, grabbed Dhrel’s face, and forced him to look at her.
“You made the right choice. Honey, please, you made the right choice. Please stop!” Kaelestra begged him.
She now understood why Kriista had told her that no one must ever know the truth. Even showing Dhrel was a risk, not just to her or their family, but to the whole world. She had shared her shame with Dhrel and Kriista, they were the only two that would ever really know the truth. It had to be this way for the sake of every living soul.
Dhrel blinked his eyes and stared at his crying wife. She meant everything to him. Lexi was right Kaelestra would die if he didn’t stop. The light from Dhrel’s eyes faded, the boat quit shaking and Lexi secretly wiped a tear from her eye so Lascar wouldn’t see it.
Dhrel turned and looked at Lexi. He pushed himself to the bars. He looked angry again but the hatred was no longer there.
“Get out of my sight!” he yelled at her. Then he turned and yelled louder at Lascar. “If you hurt her I’ll kill myself before I let you in that prison! You’ll never get her back, Lascar!” 
“Come Lexi. Leave them alone.” Lascar was still uncertain what had really happened but he didn’t care. They were days from the moment he had hoped for. He had spent centuries dreaming of this day. Nothing was going to stop him now.
Lexi gave one last look at Dhrel and he winked at her. She turned and followed Lascar, trying to hide the smile on her face.
Kaelestra punched Dhrel in the arm, hard, really hard and he rubbed his arm where she had hit it.
“You could have told me. I would have understood.” Kaelestra plopped down on the floor and grabbed another bottle of water. She didn’t even believe what she was saying. She knew she wouldn’t have understood. She would have tried to talk Dhrel out of it. This plan was so complex and so intricate. She probably would have messed it up had she known.
“No, dear, you wouldn’t. You would have talked me out of it.” Dhrel sat down beside her and pulled her head onto his chest.
“I can’t believe what you’re doing? I would never have done this.” Kaelestra stared at the keys sitting on the table in front of their cage, lost in thought. She nuzzled her head into his chest. “You are a better person than I am.” She still couldn’t believe what she had learned. She started to cry again and grew angry with herself. All she did anymore was cry. She wanted to stop but she couldn’t help it.
“No, she is a better person than any of us.” Dhrel said and Kaelestra smiled at him.
“You can tell everyone else that, but I know the truth. She didn’t do this, you did,” she smiled at her husband condescendingly.
“Don’t tell anyone,” Dhrel begged. The guilty look on his face was too much for her and she kissed him on the cheek.
“Don’t worry, your secret’s safe with me,” she laid her head on his shoulder and then sat there with him silently.

Chapter 18
Lascar stepped off the boat, onto Marlok Island. The sand stretched as far as he could see to either side. He could feel the power here. The whole place radiated with energy. The island was enormous, as large as the new Tyrillia city and covered with trees. Even with its large size, it was eerily quiet. There were no birds and no wildlife anywhere, just trees and grass. No insects, no flowers, just non-flowering plants. Lascar knew the reason. Sabeen was here.
As soon as Lascar stepped off the boat Lexi forced Dhrel and Kaelestra to follow. She pushed them into the sand and they stared in amazement at the beauty of this deadly place. Lexi held out a bag and then dropped it in front of Dhrel. The keys inside clanged as they hit each other inside the bag.
“Pick them up,” she ordered.
“Fine,” Dhrel replied and picked up the bag which contained the keys.
As soon as Dhrel touched the bag a snapping sound rang out again and again as all the keys found their place on the master key.
“Good, you can still make them work,” Lascar said snidely. “Let’s get on with this.”
Lascar took off into the silent jungle, followed by Kaelestra and Dhrel. Lexi walked back on to the boat and gave the sailors orders. When she was back on the island the captain took off. He was not about to stick around this place. Lexi took off after Lascar and soon caught up to him.
“You told him to wait off the coast a ways and to come back in two days?” Lascar asked Lexi.
“Yes, grandfather. I for one, do not want to pilot the ship all the way back,” Lexi laughed.
“Best not to kill our way home,” Lascar agreed.
Lascar walked more quickly. He had never been here so it might take a while to find the prison, the main chamber of the machine. The druids had made an even larger mistake than they realized. They hadn’t just corrupted one of the smaller stations, this was the main chamber for the machine. This was where the actual ‘brains’ were kept. The others were like its arms, stretched out around the world, connected with unseen energy.
Lexi walked beside Lascar while Dhrel and Kaelestra trailed behind.
“You feel ok?” Dhrel asked.
“Fine, why?” Kaelestra asked.
“Just making sure. You’re druid and guardian. Figured you’d be safe but I wanted to make sure. Sabeen drains the life from any living thing that comes here.” Dhrel explained.
“I know,” Kaelestra poked her head. “We bonded, remember?”
Dhrel felt stupid. Of course she knew. They had shared everything. He was being overly protective but it had gotten him a look of appreciation. The look alone was worth feeling stupid.
They walked for almost an hour, winding through the trees, seeing no sign of life other than vegetation. It was almost dark so Lascar decided to make camp for the night. Lascar made a fire and Lexi sat with him. Dhrel and Kaelestra were allowed to make their own camp about a hundred feet away so they could have some privacy.
“You sure you can trust them, so far away and all. They might run.” Lexi looked over at the other camp fire. Through the trees she could see them both as silhouettes. They looked like they were talking.
“Where will they go? If they run we will just hunt them down and make them pay for being stupid. No it is better to give them a semblance of freedom to facilitate their cooperation.” Lascar seemed lost in thought, distracted.
“Do you miss her?” Lexi asked.
“Yes,” Lascar replied sadly.
“What was she like?” Lexi asked.
Lascar’s face lit up like she had never seen it. It was doubtful that anyone other than Lastian had ever seen this side of Lascar.
“She was amazing, perfect in every way. She…” Lascar looked sad again. “I cannot accurately describe her. You will see when you meet her. She will like you. Tomorrow is the first step. After we learn how to bring her back it will only be a matter of time.” Lascar was quiet again, lost in thought.
“I think I will like her.” Lexi laid herself out on the cool grass and folded up her jacket for a pillow. This island was quite warm. The fire was for light not heat. The lack of insects was also very nice. She was soon fast asleep in the moonlight.
Lascar laid down with a clear view of Dhrel and Kaelestra’s camp. He wanted to make sure they weren’t up to something. He watched them talk and even laugh for about an hour before they finally fell asleep. He wondered how they could joke when their lives would be over tomorrow. Did they not understand that Lexi was going to kill them? Were they that oblivious?

Chapter 19
As the sun lit the sky Lascar woke. He didn’t want to waste any time. As long as there was light they could find the entrance. He woke Lexi first and she stared at the beautiful sunrise. This island was both the most beautiful place she had ever seen and the most deadly. While Lascar collected their belongings Lexi cruelly woke Dhrel and Kaelestra.
“Wake up! Grandfather is ready!” Lexi screamed angrily. She pulled Kaelestra by the hair until she stood. “Find the entrance or she dies!”
Dhrel looked at her, sighed and got to his feet. Lascar had joined Lexi now and stared angrily at them. Dhrel quickly collected their things while Lexi held Kaelestra hostage. They walked for hours until finally they found a large clearing with a small hill in the center. It seemed that even the trees didn’t want to grow here and Lascar knew it was the place.
“That must be the entrance!” Lascar yelled then quickly left the other three.
At the base of the small hill there were steps leading into the ground. He stood at the top of the steps and motioned for Lexi to bring them. When all four of them were at the top of the steps Lascar grabbed Dhrel’s arm and forced him down into the darkness.
“Open it!” he growled.
Dhrel reached his hand inside the bag and pulled out the master key with the smaller keys attached. He started down the steps and Lascar followed.
“Keep her close,” Lascar said motioning for Lexi to follow him.
“Yes, grandfather,” Lexi obeyed.
The steps went deep into the ground. The tunnel to the door was narrow and dark. Even the sunlight didn’t go down this far and Lexi pulled out a flashlight from her bag. She thrust it into Kaelestra’s hand.
“Keep moving,” she snapped at Kaelestra.
When they reached the doorway Lascar pushed Dhrel into it. The doorway was full of strange symbols and appeared to be made out of metal. Dhrel moved his hands over the metal, looking for somewhere to insert the key and realized that this metal was the same metal as the keys. The symbols looked just like the ones on the smaller keys as well. Finally Dhrel found a piece of the door that indented when he put pressure on it. With a snap and the sound of grinding gears a hole opened in the center of the door. Dhrel inserted the key and turned it. As soon as he removed the key the door slid open.
The room inside was massive. It was the size of a football field and nearly thirty feet high. Around the edges of the room strange lights embedded in the highest points of the wall lit the room. In the center it was wide open but near the door and around the edges of the room there were hundreds upon hundreds of books on shelves. The shelves reached half way to the ceiling and not one of them was bare. This had to be the largest library that any of them had ever seen. In the entrance way was a table and a single chair. Strewn across the table were several open books laid out carelessly.
Lascar excitedly rushed to the table and picked up one of the books. He looked at the first book and frustration settled in then he picked up another and frustration turned to desperation. He picked up speed, looking each book over then throwing it angrily to the side.
“Where is she? These are all written in guardian.” Lascar walked passed the table and looked at the enormous room.
“Maybe you should have brought Kriista…Instead of killing her!” Dhrel looked at Lexi, anger filled his face.
“No, Sabeen can read these. She has to be able to read these,” Lascar scrambled. He had come this far. What a cruel joke it would be if the only person that could read them was dead. Lascar ran both hands through his hair. “Sabeen!” Lascar yelled, his voice shaking. It couldn’t end like this! Sabeen must be able to read them!
On the far wall, obscured by shadows, Lascar noticed that the bookshelves had a gap. As he got closer he noticed what looked like a bed in the gap. He quickly closed the distance and when he was close enough he saw a creature ease itself off the bed.
This creature was not human but had human qualities. It had legs and arms but its skin was slick and black. Its head was the shape of a humans head but had no hair and no eyes, only hollow holes. It was almost a guardian but it was small, the size of a human woman. Its claws were only a few inches in length and it appeared to have no teeth. Its toothless mouth opened and a hissing voice that sounded like wind came out of it.
“Who are you?” Sabeen hissed.
“I am your daughter’s husband. Her heart was removed and I need to know how to bring her back.” Lascar stood almost thirty feet away from the hideous creature. He readied himself for a fight but the creature didn’t seem aggressive.
“I can’t believe Astrella found a mate.” Sabeen started walking toward Lascar.
“Zephillia is my wife,” Lascar said then realized his mistake. Across the eyeless face he could see loathing.
“I will never help you raise her.” Sabeen waved her hand and Lascar was thrown into a bookcase. Books tumbled down around him.
Lexi was about half way between the entrance and where Lascar landed. She turned and looked at Dhrel.
“Yes, it’s time for you to go,” Dhrel said kindly to Lexi.
Lexi turned and started walking toward Dhrel. Kaelestra held her hand out for her. When Lexi passed Dhrel she kissed him on the cheek then put her hand in Kaelestra’s.
“Thank you, Lex, I’ll take it from here. You and Kae get the others. I’ll be out in a minute.” Dhrel put his hand on Lexi’s shoulder, gave her a kind look then started walking toward Lascar. Lexi and Kaelestra headed to the door without looking back.
Revelation washed over Lascar’s face then fury took its place.
“This was all a lie?!” Lascar shouted as he got to his feet.
“I wouldn’t call it a lie. More of a manipulation.” Dhrel walked up to Sabeen.
“You promised me release!” Sabeen hissed.
Lascar was filled with confusion, anger and exasperation. They were all in on it, even Sabeen.
Dhrel motioned to Lascar.
“There is your release.” Dhrel then looked behind him and the chair from the entrance slid across the floor. When it reached him he sat down to watch.
Lascar looked at Dhrel with lost eyes then at Sabeen. His anger returned and he rushed at her. Sabeen hit Lascar in the chest with an energy beam. It slowed Lascar but he kept coming. When he reached Sabeen he thrust his hand into her slimy chest and pulled out her heart. It almost looked like Sabeen was smiling as Lascar removed her heart and started to drain the energy. Then Lascar turned to his grandson. He drained all of Sabeen’s energy then tossed the heart away.
“Did you really think she could kill me?!” Lascar’s eyes lit with fury.
“No, I promised her release. She wanted to die. To be freed from this hell.” Dhrel held both arms out wide.
Then Lascar realized what he had done. The only person that could read the books was gone. Zephillia would never come back. His anger grew uncontrollable and the room started to shake. The red energy spread across his face like spider webs, filling his veins.
“You have no idea what you have done!” Lascar started walking toward Dhrel. Dhrel stood up from the chair and readied himself. “Without Zephillia I have no reason to control this power. I will obliterate you and everyone you love!”
Lascar shot a beam at Dhrel and Dhrel reflected it into a nearby wall. The bookshelves exploded and caught fire.
“You see I had a plan. I worked long and hard on this plan.” Dhrel stood his ground. Lascar shot another beam at him and he deflected it as well. The beam nearly hit Lascar before colliding with the far wall and exploding another bookshelf.
“My plan was perfect. Well, almost.” Dhrel looked like he was enjoying this far too much. Lascar shot another beam then another, Dhrel deflected them easily. Lascar’s fury grew as did the energy. It worked its way down the veins in his neck.
“Then the unthinkable happened. Kriista was abducted. I was stuck caring for a small girl. I never wanted that kind of responsibility. I had no idea what to do with her. I cared for her, yes, but I didn’t love her. That all changed the day Kriista was stolen from us.” Dhrel still stood, unflinching in front of Lascar’s growing power. Lascar shot two more beams which Dhrel easily deflected again.
“After about a year I couldn’t take the girls heartache. I told her who she really was, who I was, who her mother was. I told her there was no way that her mother was dead, only captured. I have never felt so much relief in my entire life. The joy that little girl experienced made me realize I had grown to love her.” Dhrel prepared as Lascar lunged at him. Dhrel moved and Lascar skidded across the floor.
“You see my plan was to trap you in here, leave you here and find a way to kill you. I had it all worked out, down to the last detail.” Dhrel moved out of the way again as Lascar lunged a second time.
Lascar was done toying with Dhrel. He held out both hands and Dhrel’s muscles tensed up then slowly released. Lascar looked at him, his apprehension growing. Despite this he would never give up. Surely Dhrel was not as powerful as he was.
“Lexi has no power. It’s funny. She actually has none at all. She’s one of the smartest people I’ve ever known but not an ounce of magic. But I found that I had a unique power. One just like yours,” Dhrel gloated. “Exactly like yours.”
“You have no idea what my power is like. You have only seen a glimpse of what I am capable of!” Lascar yelled. Dhrel waved his hand and Lascar was thrown across the room. Lascar collided with the wall but to his surprise the wall didn’t give. The force had been incredible but these walls were made from guardian metal. They were like nothing found on this planet.
Lascar got to his feet and Dhrel continued with his story.
“I let Lexi read all the research I had collected. Showed her the things I had left out of ‘Kriista’s Story’. I showed her the truth that no one outside our family could ever know.” Dhrel crossed his arms and Lascar started walking purposefully back across the room.
“You need to hear this.” Dhrel stared at Lascar and Lascar stopped.
“You’ve heard the expression ‘Out of the mouths of babes’?” Dhrel asked but realized that Lascar wasn’t going to reply. “After reading through all my research. Yes, she takes after her mother. A mind like no one else I had ever met besides Kriista. That poor little girl. The one who lost her mother, had everything she loved ripped away from her. That little girl asked me a question.” Dhrel stared at Lascar and waited for his response.
“What was it?” Lascar finally asked, through gritted teeth, when he realized that Dhrel wasn’t going on until he did.
“She asked me ‘Why don’t you just help him get Zephillia back? It’s all he wants. He’s just lonely.’” Dhrel stared at Lascar and Lascar didn’t move. “Centuries of planning and plotting. All of us making the same stupid mistakes over and over again and this innocent little girl found the solution. It was so simple and so difficult at the same time.”
Lascar looked at Dhrel with uncertainty. Surely this was just another trick.
“Well,” Dhrel said running his fingers through his hair. “I was content to fight you, for eternity if necessary. Possibly losing everyone I loved in the process. My hatred and desire for vengeance filled me and made me feel whole. But in that instant I felt something else. I felt sorry for you.” Dhrel walked toward Lascar and Lascar’s fury surged.
Lascar grabbed Dhrel and the red energy filled every vein in his body. Dhrel’s blue energy started to do the same. First it filled the veins in his face then went down his neck. Dhrel’s ragged suit started to smolder.
“We can fight forever, destroying the world and everything in it.” Dhrel struggled with Lascar, neither having an advantage. “Or you can follow me outside.” Dhrel let go of Lascar and stared at him. Lascar put his hands around Dhrel’s throat.
“I will kill you!” Lascar squeezed Dhrel’s throat but it only brought a slight discomfort to Dhrel’s face.
“I know how to bring her back.” Dhrel looked into Lascar’s burning red eyes and the evil king realized his grandson was telling the truth. Lascar released Dhrel and looked at him, again lost in his confusion.
“I will give her back to you on one condition,” Dhrel said sure of himself.
“What is that?” Lascar growled.
“You stay here, on this island forever. If you stay here, never harming another person, I will give her back.” Dhrel looked at his grandfather with pity.
“Just like that? I just have to live here?” Lascar was still uncertain. This had to be a trap. It couldn’t be that easy. Could it?
Dhrel turned and walked to the door. Lascar followed behind him fighting the urge to attack Dhrel again. He didn’t believe Dhrel but maybe he could find a new angle once outside.
Dhrel walked through the door and stood on the other side. Lascar smashed into an invisible barrier as he tried to walk through the doorway. He stumbled backward and his fury returned.
“You tricked me!” Lascar screamed.
“No, this was to prove a point. You need to realize that I could have trapped you here. It would have been easy.” Dhrel looked at Lascar through the doorway. Lascar shot a beam of energy and it dissipated when it hit the barrier.
“No way out. I could have won this way. You owe Lexi everything. I expect you to remember that.” Dhrel pulled the key out of his pocket and waved it in front of the door. “I control the machine. It does whatever I tell it.”
“I would get out eventually,” Lascar countered.
“Yes, I’m sure you could have. Eventually, centuries in the future.” Dhrel stared at his grandfather with purpose. “Centuries,” Dhrel said it again slowly to make sure his point was clear then turned and started up the stairs.
Lascar put his hands out and felt for the barrier but it was gone. He cautiously walked through the doorway then followed Dhrel who was almost half way up. Once he was out of that miserable hole he let his eyes adjust to the light. He saw Kriista standing beside Kaelestra and Lexi. Gromthule stood beside them, dwarfing them all. Then he noticed another woman. This woman was short, shorter than even Kriista and had blue skin. She wore a white button-up shirt and a small black mini-skirt. Her horns were perfect and her hair looked beautiful blowing in the slight breeze. It had to be a trick. They would not give up this easily. No, this was just another lie!
“Zephillia would never dress like that!” Lascar yelled.
“I thought these clothes looked nice.” Zephillia looked at her outfit, clearly hurt by Lascar’s words.
Lascar ran to Lexi and grabbed her by the throat.
“I have been fooled too often. I will kill everyone you love! You will not make a fool of me!” Lascar shouted. Lexi gasped for air, her eyes wide. She struggled against his strength but she was no match for him. Dhrel did nothing. He stood there watching, he knew what was coming and Lascar would regret his mistake.
“Lascar Tyrillias!” Zephillia shouted, putting her hands on her hips. She looked at him with disappointment and distain. “You put my granddaughter down this instant!” Zephillia pointed at the ground and stomped her foot.
Lascar released Lexi and stared, his mouth agape. This wasn’t a trick, it was really her. For the third time in Lascar’s long life, he was speechless. His emotions were a storm in his head. He had so many things to say that none of them would come out.
“Did you really think that hurting my children and grandchildren would make me happy?!” Zephillia took a step toward Lascar, anger wrinkling her forehead. “Well?! Speak up!”
Lascar fell to his knees.
Zephillia grabbed Dhrel’s arm and her eyes filled with his blue energy. She waved her hand and Lascar’s body was wracked with pain. He clenched his jaw and didn’t fight back. He could have, but he chose not to.
“And where is Lastian?! I want to see him!” Zephillia intensified her magic on Lascar and he fell on his hands. There was no way he was going to fight back. He would sooner die than hurt her.
Kaelestra stepped forward and pulled a heartstone from her pocket.
“He’s in here.” Kaelestra released it into Zephillia’s hand and took a step back.
“Thank you,” Zephillia said and released Lascar. She turned and looked at Dhrel. Then looked back at Kaelestra. “You must be Kaelestra. Narsol, I mean Gromthule, has told me about you. The duplicitous bastard said you are Dhrel’s wife.” Zephillia gave a hard stare at Gromthule then looked back kindly to Kaelestra. “I guess you’re my granddaughter-in-law.” Zephillia smiled as she looked up at her. “My grandson has good taste,” Zephillia winked.
Then Zephillia moved in front of Kriista. Lascar stayed on his hands and knees. He was afraid to move. Afraid that he might to make her angry again. Zephillia threw her arms around Kriista and hugged her then pulled Kaelestra and Lexi into a group hug.
“Us women have to keep these men from doing stupid things. You ladies should come visit us when we get a house built.” Zephillia backed away and saw the look on Kaelestra’s face. “Or I could come visit you.” She turned and looked at Dhrel. “I don’t have to stay on the island do I?” Zephillia asked.
“No, grandmother. As long as you don’t hurt anyone you can come visit,” Dhrel smiled.
“I have no reason to hurt anyone and many good reasons not to.” Zephillia motioned at her family. “That includes you Gromthule.” She sneered playfully at the large druid.
“I have his wife’s heartstone,” Lascar said quietly.
“You killed Lastian’s wife?!” Zephillia screamed down at him and stomped her foot again.
“It was an accident. I did not mean to kill either of them,” Lascar groveled.
Zephillia gritted her teeth and clenched her fists then let out a growl.
“You can’t even keep our children safe without me!” Zephillia stomped in a circle and held her head. “What am I going to do with you?!”
Dhrel put his hand on his grandmother’s shoulder.
“Give him a chance. He can change.” Dhrel smiled at her and she stood on her tip toes to kiss him on the cheek.
“Such a kind boy. Yes, he’ll change or…” Zephillia’s anger rose. “You’ll change or…” Lascar looked up at her frightened. “You’ll change or I’ll never kiss you again.” Zephillia crossed her arms and looked up in the air.
“Yes, Zephillia. I will do whatever you say.” Lascar held onto her mini-skirt and pleaded.
“Good, then you just might have a chance.” Zephillia took a step back and Lascar fell on his hands.
“We need to go. Grom will come back with my mother’s heart. I know where it is.” Dhrel looked at his grandmother sadly. “And please tell them to visit me when they have time.”
“He doesn’t remember them. He was three when they died,” Kaelestra added.
“Oh my,” Zephillia covered her mouth. “I’m sure it will be the first thing on their minds. Gromthule will tell me how to find you?”
“Yes,” Gromthule replied.
“Then we better get started on that house. I sure hope you are a better carpenter than you were a grandfather, or father for that matter.” Zephillia pushed Lascar with her foot and he stood cautiously.
“I will learn,” Lascar replied.
“I would like a moment alone with grandfather,” Dhrel said quietly as they were about to leave.
Zephillia looked at him curiously then at Lascar. Her anger rose as she looked at her husband.
“Well?! Go!” she yelled and Lascar wearily followed Dhrel away from everyone.
“What do you want?” Lascar growled. Away from Zephillia his anger came out again.
“I want to make sure you understand what’s at stake here.” Dhrel looked at him sternly and watched as the anger in Lascar rose.
“So, you just want to threaten me again?” Lascar snapped.
“Yes,” Dhrel answered and his eyes lit up. “I want to make this perfectly clear.” He took a step toward his grandfather. “If you so much as step one foot off this island I will make sure Zephillia hates you.”
“She will never hate me,” Lascar lied. He knew the truth but didn’t want to show weakness.
Dhrel grabbed Lascar’s hands and his eyes grew in intensity. Lascar saw flashes of his past through Kaelestra’s eyes. He saw himself torturing her and raping her. He saw Kaelestra weeping quietly in the cage after he left. Lascar pulled his hand free from Dhrel and stared at his grandson still very angry.
“If you leave or hurt anyone I’ll show grandmother this. I don’t think she will see you the same way after that. Even Zephillia won’t forgive this.” Dhrel looked at his grandfather and watched the fear and understanding set in. Zephillia could never be allowed to see this. She would hate him.
Dhrel grabbed his grandfather’s hand again and Lascar felt very weak. Dhrel’s eyes lit brighter then turned red.
“I didn’t just get your abilities. I have grandmother’s as well. I will eventually win if you push this. I don’t want to lose everyone but if anything happens to Kae…” Dhrel released Lascar’s hand and anger filled his face. His grandfather’s fear had turned to terror and Dhrel knew he was getting his point across. “I’ll kill you! I’ll spend every waking moment trying to find a way to end you! Don’t make me do this grandfather. We can both live and be happy.”
Lascar looked at the ground.
“You have my word. As long as Zephillia is with me, I will never step foot off this island.”
“Then you have my word that you will never see me again,” Dhrel walked back to his family who had started towards the beach while Lascar headed toward Zephillia who had crossed her arms and was tapping her foot.
Zephillia could be heard for nearly twenty minutes as she walked off yelling at Lascar. She was angry. Lascar had betrayed her and he would not soon hear the end of it. She had no idea of the rest of the story and no one was going to tell her either. If she could keep Lascar on this island away from everyone then she deserved her ignorant bliss.
Lexi and Kriista walked ahead of everyone talking to each other quietly.
“I hope it didn’t hurt,” Lexi looked at her mother with guilt.
“I’ll be fine. Dhrel was very careful when he made it look like you killed me. I can take it, I’ve endured much worse.” Kriista put her arm across her daughter’s shoulders.
“You’re going to tell me everything. I’m not letting you out of my sight until you spill it all,” Lexi smirked. “I want to hear the real ‘Kriista’s Tale’.” Lexi smiled at her mother and Kriista smiled back.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Kriista replied.
Kaelestra came bounding up to them and put her arms around both of them.
“So, what secrets are you telling?” Kaelestra smiled.
“Tell mom to talk to dad, this is getting stupid,” Lexi said before running up to the beach which was now in clear view. Anchored a ways from the beach was a boat large enough for all of them to fit in. It was Dhrel’s yacht. Along the side it said ‘Kae’s Paradise’.
“So…You going to talk to him?” Kaelestra asked.
Kriista looked over her shoulder. Gromthule was a ways behind them followed by Dhrel.
“Yes, I need to talk to him today. This needs to stop. I miss him.” Kriista looked sad but hopeful.
“Good for you,” Kaelestra added.
“You know why you can’t tell anyone right?” Kriista asked.
Kaelestra looked at her feet.
“Yes, Zephillia can never find out. If she left him…” Kaelestra didn’t want to finish or even think about the consequences.
Kaelestra pushed the thoughts down, it was no time to sulk. She had cried so much over the last few weeks that she never wanted to cry again. She smiled at Kriista and patted her on the shoulder before taking off toward Dhrel.
“Good luck,” she said as she passed her father then continued toward her husband.
Kriista stopped and let Gromthule catch up to her.
“What was that about?” Gromthule asked.
“We need to talk,” Kriista started. “This needs to stop.”
“What does?” Gromthule asked, secretly knowing the answer.
“You and I.” Kriista paused and put her arm around Gromthule’s. His arm was as large as her leg, possibly larger. “You’re my best friend. I know I can’t love you like you want me to but I miss you.”
Gromthule looked down on her with a sad smile.
“Yes, we have a lot of work ahead of us,” he said.
“What do you mean?” she asked, forgetting about the rest of her speech for now.
“This is a fragile ceasefire at best. If anything happens to either of them…” Gromthule trailed off.
“Either of who?” Kriista didn’t understand what he was getting at.
“We have to make sure Kaelestra and Zephillia remain safe,” he replied.
“Kae?” Kriista still didn’t understand.
“Yes, Kae is Zephillia to Dhrel. You saw how he acted. He is Lascar. Or he could be.” The large druid pulled his arm from Kriista’s and put it on her shoulders. “We have to make sure nothing happens to either of them or the world will burn.”
“I guess you’re right,” she agreed. “By the way what happened to Billy? Lexi isn’t upset so I’m guessing he didn’t really die.”
Gromthule laughed.
“That wasn’t Billy. He’s off at a conference, oblivious to this whole deal.” Gromthule looked at her and raised one eyebrow.
“Then who died?” Kriista asked.
“No one died, that was me. Pretending to be Billy.” Gromthule chuckled again.
“Dhrel and Lexi planned for everything didn’t they?” Kriista asked. “That whole mess, Lexi going crazy. The only one that didn’t know what was really going on was Kae?”
Gromthule nodded. Kriista looked deep in thought then jumped in front of him so Gromthule had to stop.
“You know I do love you. I just can’t be with a man. It’s not who I am. If I ever was to want a man it would be you. I hope you can at least accept that.” Kriista crossed her arms and looked at him. She lifted her eyebrows.
“I get that. It hurts but I get it.” Gromthule put his hands on her shoulders.
“It didn’t suck. The sex. I liked it but it just felt…” Kriista struggled to find the words.
“Wrong?” Gromthule asked.
“Not wrong, no, don’t go thinking I hated it or something. It just wasn’t right. I didn’t use you to get a daughter either. Don’t you ever go thinking that. We had sex because I wanted to. I needed someone that I cared about to care about me. Like Dhrel has Kae, someone that understands. Someone I could be honest with. It’s just that it didn’t fit. I mean us, we didn’t fit.” Kriista wasn’t sure she was making sense but the look on Gromthule’s face made her realize that it didn’t matter. He understood what she wasn’t able to say.
Gromthule looked down on her and wanted to hug her but was afraid of being rejected. Kriista got a silly look on her face and looked up at him tilting her head to the side.
“You don’t have a twin sister do you? I mean that’s the perfect solution.” Kriista stuck out her tongue. Gromthule snatched her up and threw her over his shoulder. He took off toward the beach.
Kriista pretended to try and get away. She pounded his back and kicked her feet. Lexi turned around and looked worried. Then Kriista stopped struggling and wiggled her way to sit on his shoulder. She pointed her hand out in front of her and shouted.
“To the boat, trusty steed!”
Gromthule picked up speed, running straight at the water.
“Fetch my daughter!” Kriista commanded and Gromthule grabbed Lexi on the way by. She was now laughing as well.
He ran straight down the beach and into the water, up to his waist. Lexi and Kriista screamed at him to let them go so he tossed both of them into the water.
Dhrel walked slowly with his arm on Kaelestra’s shoulders and watched his family being silly.
“I can’t write this ending.” Dhrel looked on as Gromthule picked them each up and tossed them farther out into the water. They jumped on the large man but even their combined weight couldn’t sink him.
“Why not?” Kaelestra asked. A smile formed while she watched them play in the water.
“This is a horrible ending. The bad guy got the girl and rode off into the sunset with her. Everyone will be upset.” Dhrel’s forehead wrinkled as he thought.
“Sometimes you aren’t that bright.” Kaelestra looked at him and he realized she was teasing him.
“And why is this?” Dhrel asked with a smile.
“You’re biggest worry is that the book’s ending might not be good enough? Last week we thought the world might end.” Kaelestra looked at him condescendingly.
Dhrel looked at her and the revelation of his short-sightedness hit him like a brick. He tossed Kaelestra over his shoulder and ran toward the water.
“Put me down, Dhrel! Don’t do it!” Kaelestra screamed as she pretended to struggle.
Dhrel ran up to his knees in the water and threw her out by the rest of his family. Kaelestra hit the water and it went everywhere, splashing all of them in the process. Dhrel let himself fall backward and sat in the water watching his family.
Kriista hopped on Gromthule’s shoulders and yelled at them.
“Let’s fight!” Kriista swung her fists around ridiculously. “First one to fall off loses.”
“No fair, mom. Dad’s too big. Even on Kae’s shoulders I wouldn’t be able to reach you.” Lexi pouted.
“You’re exaggerating. He’s not that big.” Kriista scolded then shot a grin at Gromthule.
Kaelestra pulled her sister over and whispered in her ear. Lexi’s face lit up and Kaelestra dove under the water. Soon Kaelestra’s clothes floated to the surface but not her. Lexi turned to face her mother and father.
“You’re gonna get it now,” Lexi taunted. Grom and Kriista looked at her, perplexed.
A large bear shot up between Lexi’s legs and propelled her upward. She was now on the same level as Kriista. She pushed Kriista off and the bear roared.
Kaelestra then shrank back into herself and hid under the water.
“Dhrel, did you see where my clothes went?!” Kaelestra shouted.
Dhrel looked at his beautiful wife, naked, hair soaked and scrambling to recover her clothes. He realized, once again, she was right. She was always right, he needed to come to terms with that simple fact. It would save him so much time in the future. This wasn’t a bad ending. If the only thing he had to worry about was the ending of a book, this was a great ending.
The End.

Want to know when my new books are coming out? Sign up for my mailing list to receive a head’s up when my books will go live.
If you enjoy my work please leave me a review. I appreciate the feedback and enjoy hearing from my readers whether it be compliments, suggestions or criticisms.
You can also check me out on twitter @StevenSterupJr or on my website at www.StevenSterupJr.com.

Check out some of my other books
Asuune Series Book 1
Curse of the Asuune

Mark Albet is thrust into a world of vampires and angels as he struggles to understand the reason behind his wife’s murder. While Mark struggles in his new reality he gets help from his longtime friend, Sarah. Mark’s feelings for Sarah grow and become confusing as she attempts to prepare him for life as an Asuune, an immortal half-angel, in their fight against vampires. Mark’s love for Sarah can never be revealed to her because each Asuune only gets one true love and Sarah already knows who hers is. If Sarah already knows who her love is then why does she insist on making Mark’s life more difficult by teasing him with sexual advances and innuendo?
Kathrine Albet, Mark’s daughter, must find her place in the Asuune world to help her father find and rescue Sarah. After accidently stumbling across this strange world of vampires and angels, Kathrine comes to realize that this new reality is exactly where she truly belongs. While helping her father she meets her true love, Paul, only to find out that this alluring man is helping the vampires. With the help of her new Asuune friends, Kathrine strikes out to find out what kind of man Paul really is and if his feelings for her are the same.


Asuune Series Book 2
Deception of the Asuune

The conclusion to Curse of the Asuune.
Kathrine Albet longs to have a peaceful life with the mysterious and ancient Asuune, Paul even though she can never have the thing she secretly wants the most, a child. Despite this desire she finds herself at the center of a devious scheme to destroy humanity. Left with no choice, Kathrine accepts the help of her family in preparing for the fight of her life. It seems that every evil being wants Kathrine’s loyalty or death. What makes her so important?

Demonic Temptations Series (2018)
My new series will be set in the world of the Asuune but in a parallel story line, after the events of Deception of the Asuune. This story line will involve demons instead of angels. I don’t want to give away any spoilers but let me say that some of the events from the Asuune series effect demons. You will even come across some of the characters from the original series as well.

Demonic Temptations - Incubus Tormented / Succubus Forgotten
The first two stories in the Demonic Temptations series in one book.
Incubus Tormented
Shawn has a rare disease that causes insanity in the women he is involved with. Sometimes it takes months, others, only hours. A mysterious letter leads him to a doctor that has a rare disease herself. Dr. Lisa is amazing and very understanding of his problem. If he didn't annoy her so much they just might be able to have something resembling a relationship. Neither of them can have sex so it would be the perfect match.
Lisa specializes in rare diseases and even has one of her own. The men she has sex with get sick and eventually die. She had it under control but something has changed recently, possibly because she hasn't had sex in years. The images in her head won't stop and she feels like she is going insane. The worst part is that they are about Shawn, her best friend and patient. Every time he is in the room she can barely keep her hands off him. Is this the result of his disease or hers, maybe both?

Succubus Forgotten
Samantha breaks her rule of only helping half-demons when Ceralin's older brother Thomas needs her special kind of help. However, this isn't the only reason. Cassandra, the woman Thomas will need to rescue, isn't just any demon.
Thomas is tricked into helping a lost girl who reminds him of his sweet little sister, Ceralin, whom he abandoned millennia ago. His guilt forces him to help the frail redhead Cassandra but that isn't the reason he can't leave her. Thomas knows he will abandon Cassandra just like he did his sister. Can Thomas overcome his greatest enemy to keep Cassandra safe? Even if her greatest threat is himself?


Lascaria Series Book 1
Lascaria - Evil Reborn

The evil king Lascar ruled over Lascaria with an iron hand for nearly 1000 years.  His mysterious disappearance and absence for the last 50 years has allowed the people of Lascaria peace and prosperity.  When his son Lastian has a child, the evil king returns to reclaim his throne and his kingdom.  What is so special about his grandson, Dhrel?
Dhrel wants a simple life with his family but his grandfather, the evil king Lascar, has other plans for his grandson.  As Dhrel and his family try to escape the evil king they begin to realize that Lascar has another agenda entirely.  Will they figure out his plan before it's too late?  Dhrel must learn to control his magic to defend his family from the evil king.
Kriista, the daughter of the evil king Lascar has always been a faithful supporter of her father.  Recent events and actions by her father have put everything she knew into question.  Is her father really evil or the misunderstood monarch that she has always believed?  He has always been strict but since his sudden return he has become paranoid and sees conspiracies where there are none.  Perhaps everything she believed in was a lie.

Lascaria Series Book 2
Lascaria – Sins of the Ancestors
 
After the loss of their loved ones, Kriista and Dhrel struggle to comprehend Lascar’s true plan.  With Zephillia’s resurrection Lascar appears to have won, but there is more to it than Dhrel and Kriista realize.  They need to figure out what is really going on before it is too late.  What else does the evil king have planned for them?  Can they stop him before they end up like everyone else that dared defy the evil king Lascar?

Lascaria Series Book 3
Lascaria – The Prisoner Queen
 
Kriista and Dhrel continue on their journey to stop their evil grandfather. As Zorlen's power continues to grow they realize that they will need help defeating Lascar and Zorlen. With this in mind they set off to find their cousin Raylee who is in Katzack prison. Raylee, the oldest living offspring of Lascar, might be their last hope for defeating the evil king.

Lascaria Series Book 4
Lascaria – The Legend of Lascar (Coming Soon)
 
Witness the events that led to Lascar becoming an evil tyrant, hell bent on destruction. Discover the story behind the evil king as Dhrel reveals what he has learned from his father’s research. Explore Lascar’s youth, from his time as a young boy with a cruel king for a father, through the devastating loss of the only person he ever cared about. After reading this harrowing tale of love, betrayal and loss see if you can answer the question that has never been definitively answered. Was Lascar born evil, did circumstances make him evil or did he choose evil?

Lascaria Series Book 5
Lascaria – The Shadow King (End of 2017 or beginning of 2018)

The exciting conclusion to the Lascaria series.
When Kriista went missing eleven years ago Dhrel was left caring for Lexianna, her daughter. He was forced to accept the one thing he never wanted, responsibility. Now that Lascar is breaking free from his prison Dhrel must put his plan into action, ready or not. The first order of business is finding Kriista. His sister is a huge part of his plan to defeat his evil grandfather once and for all. Dhrel's plan and his life fall apart as his niece discovers who and what they all really are. Can Dhrel recover or is his grandfather destined to rule over Lascaria once again?

Morven’s Legacy Book 1
The Fire Maiden’s Desire

The sexy redhead Rachel is cursed to give birth to a demon that will devour her and destroy the world. Her only hope is a mysterious man she can’t find. A new prediction from a strange old woman leads her to believe that her sidekick Jack may be her best hope at finding this man. The only problem is that Jack is the man of her dreams. Can she resist her desires for the handsome thief long enough to survive her curse? Perhaps one night with the stunning Jack is worth dying for.

Jack Craylet has a problem. He is in love with his best friend, the curvaceous, fiery haired Rachel. He’d follow her to hell and back, maybe even die for her but she doesn’t know he exists. He has no clue why she insists on traveling around the kingdom nor what she’s really looking for but the secretive maiden has his loyalty. Even when she seems smitten with another man he can’t help doing everything in his power to make sure she is happy.


Other works
Raven’s Embrace

Fawn, although most people know her by her code name Raven, is one of the best assassins in the world. When she takes on a very lucrative job to kidnap, then kill the prince, she realizes that the bumbling fool isn’t the cruel womanizer she’s been led to believe. She thought assassins were deceptive, nobles and royals are worse. Can she find her way through this web of lies before it is too late? Despite his roguish charm and possible innocence, she has a job to do and Raven always kills her mark.
When Alexander Kurn, the prince of Selenthal, wakes up in a prison cell, he is surprised to find out that the most beautiful woman he’s ever seen has kidnapped him. While trying to find a way out of his situation he comes to realize that she is even more deadly than she is beautiful. Someone wants him dead and this gorgeous assassin might be his only hope for survival. If he could only figure out why she seems to detest him he might just get out of this.






