The Legend of Lascar
Written By: Steven Sterup Jr.
Copyright 2017 Steven Sterup Jr.

Legal Disclaimer - This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
Special thanks to all the people that helped with this book
My son Nicholas for editing
My grandson Kade for posing as young Lascar.
My sister-in-law Cindy A. for the cover art.
My wife Tammy for her help with pretty much every step of making this book.


Table of Contents
Introduction from Dhrel
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21


Introduction from Dhrel
Written by Dhrel Tyrillias
323 ALD
Lascar Tyrillias, there are very few names in our history that can evoke such emotions as his. Whether it be fear, anger or disbelief there is no name that is more widely recognized. He is the basis of several religions, countless books and even how we mark the passing of years. ALD, for those who don’t already know, means After Lascar’s Defeat. Yet, despite all this, very little is truly known about his life before becoming the evil king of Lascaria nor why he killed countless thousands during his reign. These are the reasons why I write this story.
Although everyone can agree that he was evil, even the religions based upon him, the reason he was so evil is highly debated. Many think he was a victim of circumstance, being the son of an evil king, they believe he had no other choice. Others believe that his evil ways were forced upon him. Still others believe he was born evil. I can tell you now that I believe none of these to be the case.
My father, Lastian, was raised by Lascar. He had a similar, if not more horrendous, upbringing. The same evil was forced down his throat since childhood but unlike his father, Lastian chose the path of good. As many of you know, my father was long believed to have helped Lascar terrorize our country. However, my father was vindicated after proof was found that he thwarted his father’s efforts at every turn and kept many innocents from Lascar’s wrath. People came forward with stories from all over the country after they realized that Lascar had been defeated and praised my father for saving them and their families. Lastian chose to be good.
A man or woman, is given choices throughout their life and some of these choices are between right and wrong, good or evil. The choice of doing the evil thing is always cleverly disguised in self-satisfaction and often the easier choice. The good choice is most times more difficult or you will need to use more effort to accomplish this option.
You come on a farmer who is beating his cow to get it back home. This frustrates you that a man would beat a defenseless creature so you confront him. After chastising him you have a choice, the easy choice would be to beat him, as he did the animal, or kill him and take the cow. Obviously you know how to treat the cow better than he. This man doesn’t deserve it. The good choice would require you to explain to the man why it was bad and then also possibly require you to check on the man in the future and council him more. This is obviously an oversimplified example but hopefully you see my point. Yes, I realize there are more options you could choose in varying degrees of right or wrong. My point is that I believe Lascar had many choices to be good or evil and he invariably chose evil at every turn. Lascar wasn’t born evil nor was he forced to be evil, he liked being evil.
I can’t take full credit for this story because I stand on the shoulders of great men and women to bring this to you. I wrote it based on the hard work and sacrifices of others. Kriista Tyrillias, my sister, deserves credit for helping me find Lascar’s journal of his early life before he became king and for her tireless efforts tracking down corroborating stories. Stelan Goller, my great grandfather, worked diligently with my father to separate the fact from the fiction of countless books written about Lascar. Draylen Goller, Stelan’s grandson, pieced together stories written in ancient Xeltheen, clarifying Lascar’s early years. Gromthule, the man who was present for many of Lascar’s early years helped me put finer detail on the years Lascar spent at the Tyrillian Academy. Finally and most importantly, the man who made this his life’s work, my father, Lastian Tyrillias. Without my father, this book and everyone else’s work would not have been possible. These people provided me with all the information that I might finally present the true story of the events of Lascar’s life before he was king.
I leave it to you, the reader, to make the final decision. Was Lascar born evil, was he forced to be evil, or did he choose evil?
For those of you who don’t believe Lascar was real and probably think I’m using a clever pen name to capitalize on the fame associated with it. I truly hope you get to keep believing that this is all fiction until the day you die. Because if my grandfather ever comes back, your shattered belief system will be the least of our worries.

Chapter 1
Lascar Tyrillias woke when he heard a strange sound. The eight year old boy sat up in his bed trying to figure out where the woman’s voice was coming from and what she was saying. Lascar brushed his pure white hair out of his eyes. His father, Lucian, the king of Tyrillia would scold him for letting his hair cover his eyes. Lucian was a stern king and father. He was also prideful. He would never allow his son to look like a commoner with unkempt hair.
Lascar heard the voice again, this time a little louder. He thought it might be coming from outside his room. The young prince slid out from under his covers and onto the plush carpet floor. Slowly he crept closer to the door but the woman was silent now. He pressed his ear to the door but all he could hear was his pounding heartbeat. Young Lascar was not afraid of the castle guards, nor his nanny. Lascar wasn’t afraid of the dark nor the imaginary monsters that most boys fear. There was only one thing that could scare the young prince, his father.
Two years ago, at the age of six, Lascar had easily comprehended and passed all the tests his tutors gave him. According to every teacher, the boy was ready for scholarly studies, he was a certifiable genius. Being too young to enroll in any of the noble colleges, the young prince was left with little to do, so his father ordered instructors to teach him in the art of war. This, like most things, also came easy to the child and soon his small body, much smaller than other boys his age, was easily defeating seasoned veterans. There was no end to his father’s pride. King Lucian could often be found bragging about his genius, warrior son and Lascar loved every minute of it.
One day Lascar had grown so prideful that he misspoke in his father’s presence. Calling the king mean for forcing him to finish his supper, which by itself would have been looked at as childhood indignance. This night, however, an important noble had been over for dinner so Lucian was embarrassed. He took his son to the kitchen after excusing himself from the table. Lascar was told that he would never make that mistake again. Lascar, of course was full of himself and tried to fight his father as he had the seasoned warriors who trained him. This was a mistake. Lucian was not like any man Lascar had ever faced before. Lascar’s strength and speed were inherited from his father so it was no surprise that several hundred years of experience prevailed easily over a six year old boy. The punishment would never be forgotten by the young prince. Lascar had the ability to heal any wound in minutes and this left a cruel king with many options for punishing his disobedient son. Lascar didn’t return to the table that night and rumors flourished, what had the king done to his son?
Lascar was ripped from his thoughts as the woman’s voice seemed to fill the room. It was much louder this time and now he could make out what she was saying.
“Lascar, find me in the dungeon,” the woman’s voice commanded.
It was then that Lascar realized, the voice wasn’t coming from the hall, it was in his head. It was coming from his mother, Faamyn, who was locked in the castle dungeon. Lascar knew where she was but had never seen her. It was forbidden for anyone but Lucian to go into the dungeon.
Lascar could feel the pull from his mother, he would not be able to resist it and he wasn’t sure he wanted to. In the last year he had often sat at the entrance of the dungeon trying to work up the courage to open the door. In the end, the thought of his father’s punishment for doing so, a much more serious crime than talking back, kept the young prince in check.
Lascar cautiously opened the door to his room and peered out into the hallway. When he was sure there was no one awake he snuck, barefoot, out into the hall. Lascar had another peculiar ability, one which his father did not. The young prince was indifferent to cold and heat. To him cold and heat felt like the difference between leather and cotton. Neither was uncomfortable, just different. So Lascar made his way silently across the freezing cold, stone floor of the hallway. The young prince could see his breath this chilly, winter night but it was nothing more than an amusement to him.
Lascar snuck through the dark, silent castle until he was finally on the bottom floor. He stood at the dungeon entrance and looked at the door with fear. If his father found him it would be a hundred times worse than the night he embarrassed his father. Perhaps his father would kill him this time. Lascar had seen his father’s temper many times but until the night he publicly embarrassed his father, it had never been directed at him. The things Lucian did to those he considered beneath him were never spoken about but Lascar knew. Lascar had seen his father’s cruelty many times. His father tried to keep it from him but Lascar had gotten very good at sneaking around the castle. So good, in fact, that even his father was hard pressed to catch him.
Lascar pushed the door and found that it wasn’t locked. What reason would there be to lock it? No one would dare disobey an order from Lucian. Lascar had heard stories about what Lucian was like before he was born. Lucian had been a kind man, strict but fair. He treated everyone with respect and was rewarded with the respect of his people. Lucian was married to a beautiful woman that he loved dearly but this woman was unable to have children. Lucian and his wife hired a woman to have Lucian’s child and after Lascar’s birth his real mother stayed on to take care of him. She was to be his nanny. This worked out well until the day Lucian’s wife walked in on Faamyn talking about her plans for Lascar to take over Tyrillia and the world. Faamyn killed Lucian’s wife but underestimated Lucian. She was defeated and thrown into the dungeon. Lucian had a special cage built just to hold her after he found out that she was not only a mage but also immortal. After that day Lucian spent a great deal of time in the dungeon, torturing her.
Lascar crept down the cold, stone stairs without making a sound until he reached the bottom. The stench of blood and burned flesh filled the room. He covered his nose and walked over to the cage. A pale woman in rags, that barely covered her body, slumped in the corner. She didn’t have a bed nor blankets, only a bucket. The woman was shivering, unlike Lascar, she could feel the cold, it just couldn’t kill her, another of Lucian’s cruel tortures.
“Mother?” Lascar asked.
“My son,” the woman whimpered and wearily tried to make her way to him.
Lascar could see scars on her body and a fresh wound on her arm. It appeared to be cut to the bone and was scorched in several places. She cradled the arm and tried desperately to avoid using it. About half way across the cell she accidentally put weight on it and cried out in pain. Apparently, she didn’t have the young prince’s ability to heal and he pondered where he had gotten this ability. His father was also unable to heal with the speed he could. Perhaps a combination of his mother’s power mixed with his father’s had produced anomalies in him?
“Why did you call me?” the young prince asked with language and a tone that seemed much older than eight.
“My, you are a smart one. Do you always speak so grown up?” Faamyn asked.
“What do you mean, mother?” the young prince asked. He had spoken this way for years, he was no longer a little boy. He was eight years old and could out think scholars and generals with ease.
“I have little time,” Faamyn wheezed. Her wounds were severe. The constant torture and lack of food and water made it so her body could not heal. Although immortal, she lived in a constant state of pain due to Lucian’s torture. “You are special. I need you to understand how special you are. I’m going to tell your father how to kill me so he will get this over with. I can’t go on any more. I was just holding out long enough to explain things to you.” Faamyn cried out in pain as she accidentally shifted her weight onto her arm again.
“I’m listening,” Lascar said impatiently. He had no love for his mother. He was, however, curious about what she meant by special. He knew his mother was manipulative and had killed his father’s wife. This brought out the cruel king he now called father.
“You have a great power. You have abilities beyond imagining.” Faamyn winced as she waved her hurt arm and caused the table behind Lascar to tip over.
“How did you do that?” Lascar prodded.
“Magic!” Faamyn exclaimed, her excitement overshadowing her agony briefly.
“Can I do magic?” Lascar asked. The curiosity caused him to sound his age, if only for a second. Lascar silently chastised himself. People who act like children are treated like children but mostly he wanted his father to be proud of him again. This one desire was the driving force of almost every decision the eight year old boy made.
“Yes, my son, you will be the greatest mage that ever lived. People will cower before you. Even your father,” Faamyn explained.
“How do you know?” Lascar’s speech returned to the practiced tone that made him sound older.
“When I was pregnant with you I could feel it. You have more power than I’ve ever felt. I have known powerful mages. You eclipse them all. Give it a try.” Faamyn commanded.
“I do not know how,” Lascar argued.
“Concentrate on the table. Picture it moving. Then, when you are ready, push it with your mind,” Faamyn explained.
Lascar turned to face the table and did as Faamyn ordered but nothing happened.
“Try harder! Use your hands if you have to. Give your mind something to focus on.” Faamyn seemed desperate. She needed her son to understand this tonight.
Lascar tried again. This time after focusing he waved his hand and the table flew across the room then crashed into the wall. When Lascar turned to his mother his eyes were glowing the color of blood. He was excited. Not because he wanted his mother’s approval but because it gave him power. Power his father would surely appreciate.
For a moment Faamyn looked afraid. Her son was more powerful than even she realized. He was dangerous, very dangerous. In his first attempt he had destroyed a table. What could an older, more practiced Lascar accomplish?
“Good work,” the witch forced herself to say. She needed Lascar on her side. She had no intention of telling Lucian how to kill her. It was all a rouse to get Lascar to help her. “Now try that on these bars. See if you’re strong enough to bend them.”
Lascar looked uneasy. His father wouldn’t like it if he let her go. Then Lascar realized that his mother was using him. Most eight year olds would not have the mental capacity to think that far ahead but Lascar was not a normal child. In some respects he still acted childish but he tried desperately to rid himself of those things. He needed to be a grown up to earn his father’s respect. He didn’t want to be afraid of his father, he wanted the adulation and praise to return.
“I do not think so, mother,” Lascar replied.
“What?! Why not?!” Faamyn balked.
“You are trying to trick me into letting you go. Father would punish me if I did that. I am not stupid, mother.” Lascar’s eyes still lit up the room. His rising anger, caused by his mother’s deception, caused them to glow brighter. “Maybe I should get rid of you for father!”
“No, I apologize…” Faamyn begged, fearing for her life. Where Lucian had failed, her son might succeed. She had no idea how powerful her son really was and had no intention of putting his powers to the test. This little boy was so full of power that he might very well be able to kill her.
“What are you doing down here?!” King Lucian rushed down the steps yelling. “I told you that you were never allowed down here!”
King Lucian Tyrillias was a large man. He stood almost half a head taller than most and was very brawny. King Lucian kept his dirty blonde hair and beard cut very short. To him a clean cut hairstyle was synonymous with nobility. He rarely wore his crown but even at night he wore a well-tailored shirt and pants underneath his gold trimmed, royal robes. In Lucian’s mind there was never an occasion to ‘dress down’ like a commoner. Every occasion from horse riding to martial practice required a noble to look like a noble.
Lucian grabbed Lascar by the arm and forced him to the steps then noticed his son’s glowing eyes.
“You’re one of them!” the king shouted angrily. Lascar’s hopes of approval came crashing in on him.
“I could not help it, father. She pulled me down here, I could not stop,” the young prince protested. “She made me use magic.”
“I don’t believe you. No one can make you do anything you don’t want to, not even me.” If only Lucian had realized how wrong he was. Although Lascar had lied about Faamyn forcing him to use magic, the king could have convinced his son to do anything he wanted simply by asking.
“He will learn to hate you, Lucian,” Faamyn hissed from her cell. “He knows what he is now. He will be the death of you.”
Lucian slapped Lascar and the glow faded from his son’s eyes.
“You are never to use magic ever again. Do you understand me? I will not have a mage in this castle. If I even think you’ve used magic I will ship you off to the middle of nowhere and forget you exist,” Lucian said angrily.
“Yes, father, never again. I will not use magic. I promise.” Lascar didn’t cry. The slap had gotten his attention but even Lucian had to put considerable effort into hurting the boy.
“Go to your room. Your mother needs to learn that threatening me is a very bad idea,” Lucian growled as he pointed up the stairs.
“Yes, father,” Lascar replied as he started up the stairs. Once at the top of the stairs Lascar crouched down and listened.
“Going to try to kill me again?” Faamyn laughed. The laugh turned into a coughing fit before she was finished.
“No, I realize what must be done, now,” Lucian said absentmindedly while he thought to himself.
“Going to let me go then? It’s your only choice. I will make Lascar hate you if you don’t. You can’t keep me here. Let me go and I’ll never bother you again,” Faamyn negotiated.
“No, I have a better idea.” Lucian’s voice sounded devious. The king rubbed his chin and walked toward the stairs.
“Let me go! I’ll kill you some day if you don’t! Let me go!” Faamyn screamed with the last of her strength.
Lascar quickly headed back up to his room before his father reached the top of the steps. He hated his mother now. Before it had been indifference, now it was pure hatred. She tried to use him. Why did his father keep her around? She needed to be dealt with. She had messed up everything. He was just winning back his father’s trust then she tricked him into using magic. Why had he listened to her? Despite his self-loathing the magic had felt good, very good, but it was wrong. His father had said so. Suddenly Lascar felt very tired. As he got back into his bed he was overwhelmed by fatigue he had never experienced before. Using magic had made him weak.
In the morning Lascar felt like his normal self again. The fatigue of using magic had corrected itself while he slept. He snuck downstairs where his father was having a meeting. There were two people, a man and a woman that looked like druids. He had heard of druids but had never seen one before. These two fit the description perfectly. The man was huge, with red hair and a bushy red beard. He looked kind and Lascar loathed him immediately. The woman looked more worldly and calloused, Lascar thought she was quite pretty. She was much smaller than the man, with long, straight black hair and interesting brown eyes. Her eyes had flecks of gold in them that caught the light every time she shifted position. Their clothes seemed homemade, crafted from animal furs but despite this they smelled clean. Lascar expected them to smell like animals or perhaps like commoners, covered in filth. This was not quite what he was expecting and a pleasant surprise.
As Lascar listened, two more people came into the room. These two men looked ominous and sure of themselves, a sharp contrast to the druids who were bowing to his father and asking for forgiveness every time they misspoke.
The two men wore drab gray robes with a slit down the middle which revealed an under robe that was a slightly darker gray. Their jewelry intrigued Lascar and he was almost discovered as he tried to take a closer look. It looked like their jewelry was made of bone. This, coupled with their air of superiority led the young prince to believe they were necromancers.
Lascar thought it was strange for his father to call two druids and two necromancers for a meeting. His father hated mages yet he was meeting with, what appeared to be, the leaders of two of the most magical cultures in the world. What was his father up to? Perhaps the king was giving them an ultimatum? Give up magic or else! Lascar needed to get closer, he never missed the chance to hear his father tell people what to do. His father was so powerful. Someday Lascar would command this level of respect, no that wasn’t the right word, the word was fear. People would tremble at the mention of his name, just like they did with his father. His word would be law to everyone in Tyrillia. No, he would be better than his father, he would rule the world. His father would be proud of him again someday.
Lascar snuck closer, careful not to alert anyone to his presence. The large druid man looked around the room. It was almost like the druid could sense him. Lascar pushed himself farther under the table then he felt it. He had been so preoccupied with sneaking that he hadn’t realized the feeling in the room. He could feel the magic coming from the four people speaking with his father. The magic had a smell and a taste that was unique to the person it was coming from. The two necromancers had a dirty, rotten taste but not identical. One was stronger than the other and the magic from the strong one had a sour taste to it. This man had killed people. No, not just killed people, he had tortured people to death and liked it. Then Lascar realized that he wasn’t really smelling nor tasting the magic. His mind was just processing the feeling into something he could identify.
The two druids were completely different from the necromancers as well as completely different from each other. The pretty woman had a kindness to hers, a sweet taste almost like sugar and vanilla. However, the man was much more powerful than anyone in the room. His power eclipsed the others by so much that Lascar wondered if he was as strong as the king. The druid man’s power tasted like wood and rock, strong and sturdy. Then it happened again, the druid man glanced at the table Lascar had hidden under. Did he know Lascar was there? Despite this the druid man said nothing.
Lucian was instructing the four mages about how to handle Faamyn. They were apparently being instructed to take Faamyn to a location that was written on a sealed note. After handing it to the large druid man Lucian ordered them not to open it until they were far away from the city. That way they could figure out if anyone was following them before heading out to their final destination. The four mages all agreed to the terms and headed toward the dungeon to bind and transport Faamyn.
After the four mages left the castle the head of Lucian’s personal guard entered the room. He had been waiting for the mages to leave before receiving his instructions. He was told to head straight to the final tomb that would hold Faamyn and given his own set of directions on how to get there. He, and the guards with him, were instructed to let none of the four mages leave the tomb. All four were to be sealed in with Faamyn. This way not only could Lucian get rid of Faamyn, an obvious threat, but also rid the world of four of the most powerful mages.
Lascar giggled from under the table and quickly put his hands over his mouth. Only one of them had been truly powerful. The other three had been mere shadows of the large druid man. If these were the world’s most powerful mages he had nothing to fear. Even the druid man felt like nothing compared to when he had used his magic to throw the table. Now that had been real power! Lascar had felt just a taste of it but he understood that there was much more he could tap into if he really wanted to.
At the time Lascar had no interest in where they were taking his mother. He was glad that she was going to be out of his life. With her gone he could resume his attempts to win back his father’s affections. He would show his father he could follow instructions. He would never use magic again, even if the feeling was very appealing.
From that day forward all magic was illegal in Tyrillia. People were hunted down and killed for using magic or being involved with someone who had used it. Tyrillia invaded Norzen, the home of the draelic. The draelic that were not killed were enslaved and Norzen became a slave state dominated by Tyrillia. Families were destroyed, druids, necromancers and even lesser mages fled in search of hiding places. It is estimated that well over a thousand people were put to death that year alone. At that time in history there were maybe five thousand people on the continent now known as Lascaria. So this means Lucian was responsible for killing twenty percent of the population. By means of percentages, this was one of the largest exterminations of humanoid life to this very day.

Chapter 2
Over the next few years Lascar came to realize that there was something worse than his father punishing him. To Lascar the indifference of his father was far worse than yelling and screaming, even worse than the beating he had suffered. How he wished his father would pay enough attention to give him another beating. Even when Lascar publicly defied Lucian, the king would simply turn away, whisper to one of his servants, then look very disappointed as he ridiculed his son for being so immature. Often Lascar would storm off to his room, his eyes glowing red, only to chastise himself for his lack of control. Anger made his magic surface and he could not afford to let anyone see it. Eventually Lascar gave up trying to gain his father’s attention and took up reading. He was not allowed to use magic but he could read about it. Although books on magic were forbidden, the young prince had hidden away many books on the subject.
On Lascar’s sixteenth birthday his father called him to the throne room. Lascar thought he had finally suffered enough, proven his worth to his father. His father wanted to talk to him. Upon entering the throne room Lascar’s hopes were smashed. His father, without looking at him, gave a speech to the nobles who were in the room. It was about him, not to him.
“My son has reached the age where he must choose a wife. All you fine people here have strived diligently in your efforts to root out mages in your lands and I commend you. For that reason my son will travel to each of your homes and meet with your daughters. When he returns to the castle he will choose his wife and everyone will bear witness to the grandest wedding Tyrillia has seen since my own.” Lucian returned to his throne and started whispering to one of his servants. Lascar recognized the man as his father’s top aid. This man, although a servant, was responsible for everything that went on in the castle. There was no one that Lucian trusted more, at least not since Lascar disappointed him so many years ago.
Lascar flew into a rage. He was not going to pick a wife. He had no intention of settling down with some boring old hag and helping her pop out children so Lucian could have a more suitable heir. The young prince stormed up to the throne, he had finally had enough.
“How dare you tell me that I am to marry! IF I choose a wife it will be when I decide I want one and not before!” Lascar screamed at his father.
Lucian stood up calmly and laughed to the crowd of nobles in an effort to conceal his anger.
“If I say you are going to find a wife. You are going to find a wife.” Lucian said quietly then he started to whisper. “If you think you can disobey me you will find a new home in your mother’s old cell. Don’t think I don’t know about all the books you keep hidden in your room. You can’t die but there are many people I can get to torture you until you will wish you were dead.” Then Lucian smiled to the crowd and sat back down.
“Fine, I will go. I am not guaranteeing I will find a wife. If none of these inbred, simplistic little girls interests me I will have fulfilled my part of the bargain. Do we understand each other?” Lascar paused a minute then added before his father could reply. “Before you answer let me remind you that, yes, you are right I cannot die. So, some day, after all the torture, I will finally grow tired of you and you will never see it coming. You, can die.” Lascar whispered back.
Lucian looked uncomfortable and Lascar saw fear on his father’s face. For the first time in many years Lascar felt good again. He couldn’t have his father’s respect but he could make his father fear him and perhaps that was better.
“Fine,” Lucian forced himself to say. “As long as you go and meet every woman on the list you will have fulfilled our agreement and I will not bother you with it again.”
Lascar turned and walked away with a devious grin on his face. Finally, after all these years, he had bested his father. He didn’t intend to kill his father, he just wanted to win an argument for once. That was the day Lascar stopped trying to please his father. He was done playing the lost little boy, he really was a man now and he needed to start acting like one. If his father couldn’t love him he could fear him!
That night Lascar packed his things and in the morning he set off with four castle guards and his nanny, Shalenia. Lascar was annoyed that his nanny was required to accompany him, but even though he felt he was a man, in the eyes of the law he was not a man until the age of nineteen. A sixteen year old boy accompanied by four guards would never be let into the homes of prospective wives. He was required by law to have a chaperone, a woman, almost always this woman was the boy’s nanny.
Shalenia was not human like all the other servants. She was a race known as xeltheen and despite his best efforts, Lascar found her very attractive. At least until the day he accidentally caught her and his father having sex in her room. Lascar remembered the day fondly despite the horrible scene he had witnessed because it had proven to him that his father was a hypocrite.
Xeltheen were a race of beautiful humanoids. Even though people referred to them as ‘Lizard Men’ they only had a few similarities to reptiles. Their yellow eyes, with the reptilian, vertical slit and sharp fangs reminded Lascar more of snakes than lizards. They always had straight hair that seemed to grow facing backward on their head. Lascar could see how some people might think they looked reptilian but the prince had never met a lizard or snake quite as beautiful as a xeltheen woman. Xeltheen had slim faces and the women had beautiful facial markings that looked like makeup to Lascar. Shalenia’s facial markings were a pretty pink with blue tints which went nicely with her womanly figure and long blonde hair.
Although there were very few xeltheen in Tyrillia the prince had met several of Shalenia’s relatives and friends. The young prince had even begged his father to let him learn the xeltheen language but Lucian forbade it, claiming that the language was for savages. Lascar was to learn an ancient language that no one spoke any longer, Latin. This caused several arguments but this was long before Lascar had gotten the courage to defy his father. 
Despite catching Shalenia and his father together, Lascar was fond of his nanny. The woman had raised him, paid more attention to him than his own father. In fact, he considered her family, almost. She was still a servant and he had no problems ordering her around when he disagreed with her. Sometimes she listened and sometimes she didn’t. There was always the threat of her telling his father looming in the air so Lascar tended to not push things too far.
The trip to meet his potential wives lasted months. Over the course of the trip Lascar was introduced to nearly twenty prospective wives. After it was all said and done he had found none that suited him. Most of them were subservient and accommodating or he simply had no interest in them. He found all of them to be simple minded and by the end he was satisfied that he would never find a woman smart enough to hold his attention. He had no interest in their beauty. All woman were beautiful in their own way, even the inbred noble girls. It was only their mind that could make them truly desirable.

Chapter 3
Lascar sat in the back of the carriage as he traveled back home. Their carriage was traveling along the border of Norzen. This route was taken by necessity, not by choice nor convenience. There was a battle between their last stop and the castle so they needed to go around on a nearly untraveled road. The war with Norzen had recently flared back up as a new queen had come to power and convinced the draelic that they could beat Tyrillia. The war was in its second year and both sides were nearly at a standstill. This new queen was a brilliant strategist and Lascar pondered her for a moment.
Now this was the type of woman he wanted. Someone who could outthink his father’s best generals. He daydreamed as the carriage sped over the bumpy road. What would a draelic woman with that much intelligence look like? Would she be muscular and commanding like many of the draelic woman he had seen? They were all quite attractive, much sexier than human women. Their toned, muscular bodies and beautiful horns had always interested Lascar.
The draelic often reminded Lascar of demons from some of his novels. The men were much larger than human men and quite daunting, not nearly as large as the druid man that had come to the castle but still quite formidable. The women, on the other hand, were not much larger than human women but very muscular. Most draelic had horns that came from their foreheads, wrapped around to the back of their heads and purple skin. They had fangs like that of a tiger. In the women these fangs and horns were much smaller. The women ruled Norzen while the men were resigned to raising the children, farming and fighting battles. Even the high ranking generals in the army were women since men were thought to be too barbaric to be trusted with complicated decisions.
He pictured the draelic queen with her beautiful horns and muscular frame. How he wished he could find a woman like that. Someone who was not afraid to speak her mind. It didn’t matter whether she was right or not, he just wanted someone with an opinion.
Lascar was pulled from his daydreaming when the carriage suddenly stopped.
“Why are we stopping?” Lascar demanded.
“Sorry, sir. The horses need some rest and we could use some food,” the smallest guard apologized. The guard motioned to a very small inn a short distance ahead of them. It looked modest, probably a nightly stop for the surrounding farmers, but it was clean and well kept.
Lascar had noticed during the trip that only one of the guards actually cared what he thought. The young guard was probably no more than a few years older than he was and this man was not aware that King Lucian had no love for his own son. Lascar didn’t mind this one. Guards were supposed to be subservient, unlike the women that wanted to marry him.
The other three guards grunted and begrudgingly carried out Lascar’s orders. They barely spoke to him and never asked his opinion. They had orders from the king about where they were to go and who they were to see and that was all they cared about. As long as the king was happy they could care less what Lascar thought.
“Fine,” Lascar conceded. “I could eat as well.”
“I’d like to see him pay for it,” one of the large guards whispered.
“Poor little rich kid, daddy’s favor has no value out here,” one of the other guards whispered back.
They were unaware that Lascar’s senses were more than twice as sharp as a normal man. He could hear them as if they were talking loudly.
“So which of you would like to pay for my supper?” Lascar asked as he stepped out of the carriage. “I’m sure father gave you money for the trip.”
“What would you like sir? I think we have one gold and twelve silver left,” the young guard eagerly answered.
“Whatever is fast. I just want to go home,” Lascar answered, then headed to the back of the inn to use the outhouse.
Shalenia slept in the back of the carriage and Lascar decided to let her stay asleep. She would only continue her nagging about the fact that he had liked none of the women he had met. It was her job to convince him that at least one of these women was good enough to marry. No doubt his father, unable to frighten Lascar, had threatened her instead. Lascar wasn’t worried though. It was doubtful that his father would hurt Shalenia. Being his consort left her with a good deal of leverage. Plus, if the king did kill her or imprison her he would then have to find a new consort. Lucian would be hard pressed to find someone half as beautiful as Shalenia.
“Keep it up and we’ll forget you here,” one of the larger guards grumbled when he walked by the younger guard.
The three large guards all stopped while the younger one went inside. Something had caught their eye. Out in the field, next to a tree, a petite, blue draelic girl was tying up her horse. While most draelic were purple, there was occasionally a blue draelic born. These blue draelic were almost exclusively women and they were smaller and less muscular than the purple ones. Many draelic women would give their daughters away if they were born blue because draelic society looked down on blue draelic. They were thought to be inferior in almost every way to purple draelic.
The blue draelic girl wore the brown leather outfit of a hunter and it fit her petite figure quite well. Her hair was straight, down to the middle of her back and a lighter shade of blue than her skin. Light enough that it almost looked white in the moonlight. Her eyes were steel gray, a sharp contrast from the brown of normal draelic. Draelic women were not known for their modesty and this one was no different. The slit in the front of her leather tunic went all the way down until it was stopped by a black leather belt. Her clothes were skin tight and left little to the imagination.
“I guess this trip won’t be a total loss,” the largest guard said as he nudged his friends.
The three guards took off across the field, straight at the draelic girl. When she noticed them coming she didn’t turn and run, she smiled.
“Hello, how are you this fine evening?” she asked them politely.
“Much better, now” the largest guard said as he grabbed her arm.
“What are you doing?” the woman protested.
“Having some fun,” the second guard answered and grabbed her other arm.
The two men then forced her onto the ground while the third prepared to get on top of her. Lascar returned from the outhouse and looked curiously at the three guards.
“What do you think you are doing?!” Lascar yelled as soon as he noticed the small, frail looking draelic they were attempting to rape.
“Go away, spoiled brat. Wouldn’t want daddy to find out that we skipped so many houses cause his whiny kid wanted to go home,” the largest guard replied.
Lascar’s rage fumed inside him and soon his eyes were glowing bright red. How dare these insignificant guards threaten to blackmail him with events that didn’t happen? He had visited every house on the list!
“Who do you think he will believe? Now go inside and eat your food!” the guard on top of the draelic girl shouted while trying to undo his belt.
Lascar’s fury continued to grow and he could barely contain himself as he walked closer to the guards. Lascar grabbed the man on top of the small woman and threw him like he was made of cloth. When the man collided with the wall of the inn a horrible sound, like a wet washcloth slapping skin echoed through the forest. The man’s head cracked open and he fell to the ground dead.
The two remaining guards jumped back and drew their swords. Lascar ignored them and gently held out his hand to the draelic girl. Quickly, she grabbed his hand and Lascar effortlessly helped her to her feet.
The girl’s eyes began to glow red like Lascar’s and she turned to one of the guards. She put her hand on his chest and the guard’s skin shriveled. Soon his desiccated body fell to the ground. The other guard thrust his sword and it went through Lascar’s left side. This only made Lascar angry. He grabbed the guard by the throat and snapped his neck before tossing his dead body into the nearby bushes.
“How did you do that?” Lascar asked the woman. Lascar easily pulled the sword from his side and seemed not to notice the wound which was already beginning to heal.
“You are very powerful!” the draelic girl exclaimed seductively. The look on her face was a combination of lust and respect.
Lascar’s face turned red. He was not one to blush but this girl was different from all the others he had met. Something about her was very alluring to him. From the way she walked to the way she spoke, Lascar was attracted to her in a way he couldn’t quite put into words.
“Why have I never met you before?” The draelic girl asked as she ran her fingers through his hair and continued her flirting. “I’m sure I would remember someone like you.”
“What have you done?!” the young guard screamed and dropped the plate of food he was carrying.
“He will tell someone you are a mage. Kill him!” the draelic woman hissed.
Lascar started to walk toward the guard but the draelic girl put her hand on his chest to stop him.
“With your mind,” the girl whispered in his ear. “You are so powerful, why do you not use it?”
Lascar concentrated on the young guard, pictured him writhing in agony and when he lifted his hand, his thoughts became reality. The young man fell to the ground, screaming in pain.
“Much better. Now finish it,” the draelic girl whispered seductively in his ear.
Lascar squeezed his hand and the young man’s body imploded. Then Lascar turned to the woman and looked longingly into her eyes.
“My name…my name is Lascar,” he stuttered.
“You’re very powerful, Lascar,” the girl smiled. A long black claw came out of her index finger and she drug it across his face. The scratch healed instantly and her smile turned even more flirtatious. “Very powerful, indeed!”
“What is your name?” Lascar asked meekly.
“You’re a little young, maybe when you’re older,” the draelic girl said then returned to her horse, untied it and rode off. Before she was out of earshot she yelled back. “Don’t worry, I’ll find you! I’ll definitely find you!”
Lascar just stood there dumbfounded. Now this was the woman he wanted! This woman, was everything he wanted! After a few moments, when the draelic woman was no longer visible, the young prince walked back to the carriage. Shalenia was still sleeping inside, all the fighting hadn’t woken her. The trip had been long and she was known to be a heavy sleeper. Despite her young appearance, Shalenia was ninety two years old. Xeltheen didn’t age like human, at least not physically, and often looked like they were in their twenties until their death. Some xeltheen had even been credited with living to as much as two hundred years old.
Lascar quickly got in front and grabbed the reins. He sped off towards home. Soon Shalenia woke and started asking about the guards. Lascar spun a tale about bandits and how they killed the guards but he had been able to sneak the carriage away. His nanny thanked him but the young prince got the strangest sensation, like she didn’t quite believe his story. He let it go but something nagged at him. What if she confided in his father? What if she had been awake and only pretending to be sleeping? He needed to find out what that hesitation in her voice really meant. His father could never find out what really happened that night.
Soon Lascar started to feel the fatigue again. After the adrenaline and excitement of his encounter wore off he nearly passed out driving the carriage. Shalenia took over the reins and continued to dote on her savior. As Lascar fell unconscious he felt at ease. Shalenia seemed to believe his story, perhaps the hesitation in her voice had been something else. He didn’t like the idea of having to kill her but if she told his father Lascar would kill her without question.

Chapter 4
Lascar woke in his own bed and could tell that it was early in the morning. They had arrived back home well after midnight and managed to avoid waking his father. However, now his father would be unavoidable. Someone, possibly Shalenia, would inform his father that bandits had killed the guards. Then it would only be a matter of time before he would question Lascar about the women. How was he going to tell his father that the only woman that interested him was draelic? His father would balk at the idea of Lascar marrying a commoner, what would he do for a draelic? However, Lascar didn’t have to suffer long. Within a few minutes of him waking a servant knocked on the door and informed him that the king was ready to hear about the trip.
Lascar begrudgingly put on suitable clothes for a meeting with the king and made his way downstairs. At least the wait was over. He would now know if Shalenia had told his father his version of the story or something else. Lascar couldn’t even bring himself to be afraid. His father was going to be angry with him, his father was always angry about something. Then Lascar remembered the fear on his father’s face before he left and a smile replaced his somber expression. His father was afraid of him now.
Lascar pushed open the doors to the throne room with new confidence and found it was empty except for his father.
“No audience today?” Lascar quipped.
“No, I’m sure you will disappoint me again,” Lucian scowled.
“Well, I aim to please…or displease as the case may be.” Lascar walked across the floor with his hands behind his back. He wanted to show his father that he wasn’t afraid.
“So, I hear you ran into some bandits and you ran away like a coward. I also hear that you left four of my best guards to die?” Lucian prodded.
“Of course you would spin it that way. No mention of how I saved Shalenia. No, you cannot admit that I did something right. And if those were your best guards, I would not trust your security to the rest.” Lascar reached the throne and paced in front of it with his hands behind his back. He was angry now and needed to control his temper.
“If it was me…” Lucian started.
“Yes, if it was you. You would have killed the bandits and saved the girl. Possibly saved the guards. Am I right?” Lascar paced slower, anger was getting the better of him.
“Yes,” Lucian replied.
“I guess I am not the man you are. Could not even find a suitable wife. Well I found a woman but I know you will not like her.” Lascar was done hiding. He was done holding back. If his father was going to treat him this way then why not let it all out. Why had he been so afraid all these years? What was his father going to do? What could his father do?
“Oh? Let me guess, a peasant?” Lucian recoiled.
“No, much worse than that. She is draelic.” Lascar’s anger waned as he imagined the sheer torture that he was putting his father through.
Lucian shot up from his throne, his face red with fury.
“There is no way that I’m letting my son marry a filthy draelic! Not in a million years!” Lucian yelled at the top of his lungs.
“Well, then I guess we are at an impasse. I will only marry her. I guess I am not marrying anyone then.” Lascar paced slower and a seditious grin stretched across his face.
Lucian walked quickly to his son and drew back his hand, intending to strike him. When he swung forward Lascar caught his hand. Lucian could feel the strength in his son’s grip. Terror soon filled his face and Lascar relished in it.
“Just get out of my sight!” Lucian yelled then turned and walked back to the throne. “I wanted a strong and dutiful son. All I got was you!”
Lascar turned and started slowly toward the door then decided that he hadn’t tortured his father nearly enough.
“Be careful what you wish for, father,” Lascar said as he reached the door. He paused for a second, waiting for the question that was surely coming.
“What does that mean?!” Lucian yelled. He was clearly upset and afraid.
“I will never be dutiful but I grow stronger by the day.” Lascar’s grin widened and became more sinister. He turned and slammed the throne room door as he left, cracking the door frame and nearly pulling the door off its hinges.
Over the next few years, Lascar and Lucian did their best to avoid each other. Lascar spent most of his time in his room, reading and daydreaming about the beautiful draelic woman. Lucian, on the other hand, took many trips. He met with strange people and wrote cryptic letters to people claiming to know about artifacts with magical powers. Although Lascar didn’t know it at the time, his father was trying to find a way to remove Lascar’s power or at the very least protect himself from it.
During these years, Lucian lost interest in the draelic war. The new queen of the draelic eventually succeeded in forcing Tyrillia to acknowledge Norzen’s freedom. Part of the treaty gave draelic the right to attend the Tyrillia Academy as well as forbidding any human from keeping draelic as slaves. This caused quite an uproar in Tyrillia and even had humans questioning whether Lucian should stay in power. The uprisings were quickly dealt with by force and things returned to normal. Human nobles didn’t like acknowledging draelic freedom but they had little choice, they didn’t dare challenge Lucian. The king would slaughter them and their families just like he had the small uprisings.
On Lascar’s nineteenth birthday Lucian broke the silence between them, again calling Lascar to the throne room.
This time all Lascar felt as he pushed open the doors to the throne room was indifference. His father was not even worth his anger any longer. He was no longer a scared child, he was nineteen today and officially a man. Over the last few years Lascar had read nearly every book in the kingdom, he was smarter than his father as well as stronger. There was no reason to fear his father, he just wanted to get this over with as quickly as possible. Now that he was a man he planned on traveling to Norzen. There were many books there that he hadn’t read yet and he just might run into the seductive, blue draelic girl again.
Lascar’s apathy was clearly visible to his father as he approached the throne and this made Lucian angry.
“Now that you are nineteen I’ve decided that you should train at the academy,” Lucian said snidely.
“What!” Lascar recoiled. “Only commoners go to the academy. There has never been a noble there.”
“Yes, I’m aware of that. But you act like a commoner. You refuse to find a wife unless it is a loathsome draelic.” The words curled Lucian’s lips like he had tasted sour wine.
“I am traveling to Norzen tomorrow,” Lascar countered.
“Good luck finding the money to do that. You are now cut off. Perhaps in a few months you can make enough for the trip by shoeing horses? You do know how to shoe a horse right?” Lucian was enjoying this far too much.
Lascar didn’t answer he just stared at his father menacingly, desperately trying to keep his eyes from lighting up.
“No? Well then, perhaps the academy would be the smarter choice. You are smart right? I hope all the money I spent on scholars wasn’t a waste. I really hope they didn’t lie to me. Maybe you fooled them? No, wait. That would take intelligence.” Lucian paused but Lascar still remained silent. “I guess you will be moving to the academy then. Your carriage waits in the courtyard. Get your stuff and get out of my castle!”
Lascar turned abruptly, stormed out, and made his way up to his bedroom. Although Lucian was pleased with himself he had no idea that he had just destroyed the last bit of respect his son had for him. Lascar struggled with his hatred as he packed his belongings.
On his way out the door Lascar stopped at the entrance to the throne room. Maybe he should just be done with it and kill his father? Who could stop him if he did? Then a thought slipped into his mind. Draelic were now allowed at the academy. Perhaps the draelic girl he met would be there. She had told him that he was too young. He had told her his name and she promised to find him. If she was as smart as he hoped she was, she would look for him. She would find out that today was his nineteenth birthday, he was no longer too young. Perhaps she was already looking for him. Why go to Norzen? If she was as perfect as he had fantasized, she would have no problem finding him.
Lascar forgot about killing his father and walked to the carriage. This wasn’t going to be so bad after all. He would be away from his father. There would be no one to tell him he couldn’t see a draelic or a xeltheen or whomever he wanted to. Actually this was a blessing in disguise. He was free! Being cut off meant he owed his father nothing any longer. From this day forward he was his own man. Whatever he accomplished, whatever mistakes he made, they were his and only his.
Lascar tossed his bags into the carriage and with renewed hope, ordered the driver to take him to the academy.

Chapter 5
The panther snuck along the edge of the druid camp. It sniffed the air and with its perfect night vision it could tell exactly how many people were in the camp. Someone had left a fish on the frying pan in the middle of the camp. The panther could smell the fish for miles. Strange that the druids would just leave an uneaten fish but who was he to judge?
The panther crept across the trampled grass, not making a sound. The fire had gone out and all the druids seemed to be sleeping, now was the perfect time. As the panther reached the fish the large paw of a bear collided with its head, knocking it sideways across the camp ground. The panther quickly got to its feet while the bear reared on its back legs and roared.
The panther’s body twisted and turned with the loud popping sound of bone and cartilage snapping into place. The bear followed the panther’s lead and soon the size difference was reversed. The panther turned into an enormous druid man with a bright red beard and long hair. The bear shrank into a moderately sized man with sandy blonde hair and beard. Other than the hair color and size, the similarities between the two men was very apparent. Their facial features and even their body shape was similar.
“Voleth,” the large red head said respectfully.
“Gromthule, my son,” the smaller man said. “You can call me father, we’re not in council.”
Gromthule looked angry. He searched the nearby tent for a robe and put it on.
“You’ve been spending too much time with humans,” Voleth said with a laugh. The leader of the druids didn’t bother donning a robe. He had been the leader of the druids for a very long time and felt that clothing for druids was ridiculous. It was only when the humans came that druids even bothered with clothes.
“It offends them,” Gromthule said in his much deeper voice.
“It has also dulled your senses. You didn’t notice me lying beside the pan?”
“No, father. My mind is preoccupied.” Gromthule’s tone was somber with a hint of anger and Voleth knew why.
“How are my grandchildren?” Voleth asked, avoiding the topic which he knew Gromthule would eventually bring up.
“Drosal looks just like you,” Gromthule started.
“Acts like you though, am I right?” Voleth smirked.
“Yes, father,” Gromthule replied.
“And my sweet Kaelestra?” Voleth asked.
Gromthule’s anger rose.
“She reminds me of her mother,” Gromthule said through gritted teeth.
“That’s a bad thing?” Voleth questioned.
“Yes, every time I see her I want to crush that human’s head with my bare hands.” Gromthule smashed his hands together.
“I thought the years would have eased your pain but they seemed to have only served to enkindle your anger.” Voleth looked down, disappointed in his son.
“How am I supposed to act?! Like you?! Like nothing matters?! He killed her! He locked her up with that…WITCH! The witch killed her but it was Lucian’s fault!” Gromthule’s rage was nearly uncontainable.
“If you can’t beat me, how will you beat King Lucian?” Voleth asked then turned his back on his son.
“Has the council made a decision? I’ve waited years. Raised my wife’s children. Suffered in silence while the council sits idly by and does NOTHING!” Gromthule shouted.
“We made our decision years ago.” Voleth sounded sad, more for his son than the decision.
“If no one told me then I guess abstinence was the decision.” Gromthule grasped his own hands with enough force it would crush a normal man’s skull. His anger was out of control.
“Yes,” the leader of the druids said as he turned to face his son again.
“I will kill him myself! I’ll find a way!” Gromthule growled.
“Before you set off on a path of self-destruction remember why we can’t interfere,” Voleth said calmly. He hoped his son would listen but doubted he would understand.
“Yes, I know why the council refuses to do anything to stop this madman. They created him.” Gromthule’s anger remained but his tone softened. He wasn’t angry with them. He knew why they refused to help him enact vengeance for his wife’s murder. This didn’t mean he was going to stop.
“When we trapped Sabeen in one of the guardian’s structures we thought we were ridding the world of an unstoppable evil. Only years later did we see that we set in motion a chain of events that would create an even greater evil. We corrupted the machine that the guardian’s used. Drove it to insanity. When the human’s crashed here the machine tried to save them. Ultimately creating another evil. We can’t make it worse by assuming we know better than the great creator once again.” Voleth rubbed his forehead, the guilt of what he had done weighed heavily on him.
“Lucian is not a greater evil than Sabeen. He is nowhere near it. We traded an unstoppable foe for one we can defeat.” Gromthule seemed sure of himself.
“I don’t mean Lucian. I mean his son. He will be many times more evil than Sabeen and even more unstoppable. The prince has just begun to understand what he is capable of. I fear we have created our own destroyer.” Voleth sat by the fire guilt-ridden and sad.
“I have seen the boy. He is no more evil than I am. He can be taught to be good. He can be persuaded to help us,” Gromthule argued.
“If only that were true. He doesn’t just do evil things. He, himself, is evil. He enjoys the suffering of others. I have followed him and seen this for myself. His father does evil things but is not evil. He assumes that doing evil things is justified because they are a means to control his son. He is wrong. There is no way to stop Lascar, he likes what he is. Lucian’s evil deeds will only lead to his own death, they cannot stop his son.” Voleth put his hands in his lap as he sat by the dead fire.
“No, father, I will prove you wrong. Lascar can be saved. He will help us destroy Lucian. He will be our savior.” Gromthule said, more certain of himself.
“I will not try to stop you. Just like I will not try to stop Lucian. Everything has already been set in motion and I will pay for my sins. I do not wish to compound them by believing I know better than the creator. I have warned you and that is all I can do. The sins you commit from here on out will be on your head. Just remember that evil is like a weed. Kill one and two take its place. Hatred and anger are the fertilizer that nourish evil.” Voleth shut his eyes and began to meditate.
“You will see father. I will get my vengeance and help Lascar become the king that Lucian should have been!” Gromthule turned and threw the robe alongside a tent before shifting into a panther and running off.
“I ask for forgiveness, great creator. My sins are many but the greatest of them is dooming my son to the same fate as myself. His vengeance will consume him and rob him of everything he loves. Please show him a better way.” Voleth said quietly with his head bowed.

Chapter 6
It took Lascar over a month to reach the Tyrillian Academy. The trip had not been a hurried one since the academy only allowed new students once a year. Lascar took his time on the trip and enjoyed being free from his father. His newfound freedom brought happiness to the young prince. He no longer had to please his father so he let his hair grow. It was nearly to his shoulders when he reached the academy. He started brushing it backward as it grew longer and soon realized that his hair was very similar to xeltheen hair. It took no effort nor did he have to put oil in it to make it go backward. With his new long hair he let his beard and mustache grow out. He was the prince of Tyrillia but now, no one would even recognize him. He wanted to blend in at the academy. He truly wanted to be free from his father in every way possible.
The driver dropped the prince off at the gates of the academy and Lascar effortlessly put the bags over his shoulder then stared at the sight in front of him.
He had never seen the academy and the stories he had read didn’t quite capture the ominous feeling of standing in front of these enormous gates which were wide open. The academy could very well have been a sizable town. The ten foot high, stone walls that surrounded the place made it feel like a castle and the towering buildings were plainly visible, even outside the walls. Lascar estimated that it could hold nearly two hundred people but it was doubtful that there were that many students and teachers inside. Students were there for five years between the ages of nineteen and twenty four but only half of them ever made it to graduation.
The academy was not an easy place to train. They specialized in training officers for Lucian’s army, regular soldiers were taught elsewhere. Along with training officers the academy was also responsible for teaching those that wished to become teachers themselves. Lastly, the academy was the only place allowed to teach what King Lucian called Mage Hunters.
Mage Hunters were a specialized type of soldier that was taught to defend themselves against mages. They were not allowed to use offensive magic but they could use magic to defend themselves. The king saw this as a necessary evil to keep mages from taking over the world. They were closely monitored and killed if they strayed from their path. Not just anyone could become a Mage Hunter. There were many tests given to all students to determine which, if any, would be taught how to become a Mage Hunter.
As Lascar walked through the large gates with many of the other new students. He was mesmerized at how the towers were even more beautiful than they had been from outside the gates. Most towers of two stories or higher had vines and obvious signs of wear and tear, but these still looked like they were newly constructed. Then the prince turned his attention to the crowd of potential students and the various areas inside the academy.
There were a few draelic and even some xeltheen students. Although they had the right to be there, most of the humans were avoiding them whenever possible. Even at the testing areas the humans gave them a wide birth. Lascar’s anger came back. Even here his father’s influence was present. His father’s loathing of other races spread like a plague to all his subjects.
Then Lascar heard a voice amongst the crowd. It was a quiet, high pitched voice but he knew it right away. The draelic girl was here, somewhere. He would never forget how she sounded. Many nights that voice echoed in his fantasies. He made his way through the crowd, inching closer to where the voice had come from. The draelic girl was standing with a small crowd of draelic, talking. Every time she spoke that high pitched, sexy voice made him remember his dreams.
Lascar stopped far enough away that he wouldn’t be noticed, watched and listened. He wanted to find out more about her.
“Are you sure he will be here?” a larger, more muscular female draelic asked the small blue draelic girl.
“Yes, Astrella. I’m sure he will be here.” The blue draelic girl looked excited but the one she called Astrella looked annoyed.
“Are you sure he is the one we are looking for, Zephillia?” Astrella asked.
“Yes, sister. He is more powerful than…well I’d say he is at least as strong as mother was before…” Zephillia stopped. Zephillia’s face beamed just talking about him.
Her name was Zephillia, he finally had her name. Now he just wanted to find out more about her. It seemed that they were planning to use him for something. He was starting to get angry. He felt betrayed.
“Wait…are you in love with him? You only met him once. You were supposed to find someone we could use not a husband.” Astrella looked even more annoyed now.
Zephillia looked at her feet and clasped her hands in front of her. She tilted her head and looked at her sister with doe eyes.
“No, of course not. It’s not like I planned this. He’s just so…” Zephillia stared off into the distance lost in thought and her sister became even more annoyed.
Lascar was relieved. The feelings he felt were mutual. It wasn’t just some random encounter. Something had happened between them. It was like they were meant to be together. Lascar decided to go introduce himself but some burly human boys pushed their way in front of him. He was almost ready to yell at them when the smaller one in the middle of the group started yelling at Astrella.
“We don’t want yer kind here!” the boy yelled, still walking closer.
“Demons should stay in…Norzen.” This boy was less sure of himself, likely trying to impress the smaller boy that seemed to be the ring leader.
Astrella looked livid. She clenched her fists at her side and Lascar stopped. He wanted to see how she handled them. Draelic were world class fighters, especially high ranking women. These boys had no idea what they were getting themselves into.
“Stay calm, Astrella. Just let it go,” Zephillia said.
“How dare you!” Astrella backhanded Zephillia and the small draelic girl cowered from her sister. “I’m your queen first, sister second! Don’t presume to tell me what to do!”
“I’m sorry, Queen Astrella,” Zephillia said trying to placate her sister.
“You should all bow to me! You are pathetic commoners! I am the queen of Norzen!” Her rant got the attention of several other groups of human students. The draelic all got on one knee trying to avoid her attention but the group of bullies that started it just laughed.
Lascar was losing control of his anger. He could feel his eyes turning red, he needed to control it. There was nowhere more dangerous to use magic than the school which trained Mage Hunters. Then Lascar had an idea. One that would solve both problems. He calmed himself then started toward the two draelic girls. On the way he pulled his hair back and tied it with a string. He needed people to recognize him.
“I said bow!” Astrella screamed. She turned to the people behind her and yelled louder. “BOW!”
Lascar put his hands in the air then lowered them slowly. Suddenly everyone in the group got to one knee.
“That’s better,” Astrella said as she turned around.
“I think that’s for me,” Lascar quipped as he raised his hands again and everyone got back up and started to walk away.
“And who are you?!” Astrella said still screaming.
“Lascar Tyrillias.” Lascar turned away from Astrella and walked over to Zephillia. He put his hand out and helped her stand up.
“You should bow to me as well,” Astrella was furious but her voice softened. She was embarrassed. She knew exactly who she was talking to now.
Lascar got on one knee while still holding Zephillia’s hand.
“I will only bow to one queen…mine.” Lascar looked back at Astrella. He tried to contain his anger but his eyes were glowing slightly.
Astrella looked terrified and tried to cover it.
“You could do much better than her. She’s blue!” Astrella said, her confidence returning.
Lascar returned his gaze to Zephillia, this was meant for her.
“I doubt I will ever find anyone half as smart as you. Not to mention, I have never seen a more beautiful woman.” Lascar turned his gaze back to Astrella, stood and scowled. “Also, I suggest you keep your hands to yourself. Would hate to start another war because you disrespected the king’s son. Hitting his future bride could be deemed as treason.”
Lascar knew that Lucian would never go to war for him but no one else knew, especially not Astrella.
Astrella huffed, crossed her arms and took off across the yard.
“I’m sorry, I need to apologize to her. She’s still my sister.” Zephillia started after her sister then turned back. The look she gave Lascar was both seductive and appreciative. “That’s not to say I didn’t appreciate it. Looks like you found me first. We’ll talk about the queen thing later.” Zephillia winked then took off after Astrella.
Lascar’s heart raced. It wasn’t a real proposal but she hadn’t said no! The young prince walked slowly to the student testing area, daydreaming the whole time about Zephillia. When he arrived at the test area he watched as an instructor stood on a large platform. He teased and belittled the students as he bested each of them in combat. The man seemed to take pleasure in how easily he defeated them. He was at least a half a head taller than any of the students and built like a man who had been a soldier for most of his life. Even the most skilled students were defeated quickly.
The boy who had instigated the argument with Astrella stepped forward confidently. He picked up the sword and shield and took his stance. Lascar was surprised when the boy wasn’t defeated after a few swings. He seemed to know his way with a sword. Lascar turned and saw Zephillia and Astrella standing at the back of the crowd of students. Now was his chance to show Zephillia what kind of man he was.
Lascar put his hand over his face, pretending to shelter his eyes from the sun then casually waved his hand. The instructor lunged forward and Lascar caused him to trip then the boy, involuntarily, moved his shield out of the way. The instructor’s sword went right through the boy’s rib cage, impaling him as they fell to the ground. This boy hadn’t actually insulted Zephillia but he was the reason that Astrella had struck her. He was guilty of causing Zephillia pain indirectly.
The instructor started yelling for someone to help the boy but he quickly drown in his own blood. Lascar looked back at Zephillia who was staring at him. She moved her lips and without making a sound asked him. “Did you do that?”
Lascar shook his head yes and Zephillia smiled at him before she silently added. “I will be your queen.”
“What are you doing?” Astrella asked crossly.
“Nothing,” Zephillia lied as she looked at Lascar flirtatiously.
“Quit that!” Astrella scolded. “He’s a means to an end.”
“I was wrong before,” Zephillia said, turning to her sister. “I think I do love him.”
“You don’t even know him!” Astrella yelled loudly enough that several students turned to stare at her.
Zephillia ignored her sister and started walking toward Lascar.
“Where are you going?!” Astrella yelled after her sister but Zephillia didn’t answer. “Fine, I’m going home. You have fun with all these…humans!”
Astrella got several scowls and quite a few people shaking their heads. She stared back at them menacingly then turned and stomped off toward the gates.
Lascar had turned his attention back to the instructor that was ready to test more students. It wasn’t the first time the instructor had accidentally killed a student but this time he had no idea how it had happened. He looked a bit shaken. Despite this he quickly resumed his condescending tone after beating another student with two swings. This student he knocked unconscious with his shield but at least this one was still alive.
Zephillia snuck up behind Lascar who had his arms crossed watching the instructor. She slid her hand under his arm and locked her arm with his then leaned her head on his shoulder. She was several inches shorter than he was so it was a perfect fit.
“Watch the horns,” Lascar smirked as he looked down at her.
“Afraid they’ll hurt?” Zephillia asked seductively.
“No, they are gorgeous. I would not want to accidentally break one.” Lascar smile grew wider and Zephillia squeezed his arm more tightly.
She noticed the instructor was looking for a new student to test and a devious smile came across her face.
“Why don’t you show him how to fight? I think he’s picked on enough people for today.” Zephillia’s devious smile turned into a pleading look. “Please?”
“Want me to kill him or just maim him?” Lascar asked.
“We kind of need an instructor to weed out the less desirables. Why don’t you just break his leg?” Zephillia stood on her tip toes and kissed Lascar on the cheek. Lascar’s beard tickled her nose and she winced. “That needs to go. How am I supposed to kiss you?”
Lascar’s heart raced. As soon as he was at his dorm room he was shaving it off! There was no way a stupid beard was getting between him and his future queen.
“I like the longer hair though. Sexy!” Zephillia added.
“Any preference on which one?” Lascar asked, blushing.
“Surprise me!” Zephillia was giddy with the thought of Lascar proving himself by hurting someone. Even if the instructor was no match for Lascar, it was still a sign of devotion. She let go of Lascar’s arm and the young prince headed to the platform.
When Lascar reached the platform he quickly boosted himself onto it. The instructor recognized him immediately.
“Want me to go easy on you, prince?” the instructor whispered.
Lascar turned to the crowd.
“He wants to know if he should go easy on me.” Lascar yelled to the crowd of students who all started to boo and hiss.
The instructor was furious.
“I tried to give you an easy out,” he growled at Lascar then walked to the other side of the platform.
Lascar turned and took a few steps forward. He stood with his hands at his sides.
“Aren’t you going to pick up your weapons?” the instructor asked, still angry.
“That would be unfair,” Lascar smirked.
Zephillia got closer to the platform and put her elbows on it. She stared at her future king, her future husband and couldn’t help but imagine if he would be as impressive in bed as he was right now.
“Give him a chance,” Zephillia said quietly. “It’ll be more entertaining.”
Lascar smiled deviously and the instructor looked shaken for a second.
The instructor walked up slowly to Lascar then tried to smash him with the shield. Lascar ducked under the shield and punched him in the side. The instructor limped a little putting his shield hand against his side. It felt like a rock had just hit him.
The instructor turned while Lascar waited. Then the instructor came at him again leading with his shield while cutting downward with his sword. Lascar spun to the opposite side and tapped him on the shoulder. The students all laughed. The young prince looked at his future queen and was pleased with her response. She blew him a kiss then smiled approvingly.
The instructor took advantage of Lascar’s distraction and lunged at the prince with his sword. Lascar spun and grabbed the sword blade with his hand snapping it off at the hilt. Then he bent down on one knee and slammed his fist into the man’s shin. The crowd of student’s gasped, some of them covering their eyes, at the unmistakable sound of snapping bone but Zephillia clapped and cheered.
The instructor struggled to stay on his feet and limped his way back into position. He waited for Lascar to attack this time.
“Knock him out now!” Zephillia shouted while everyone in the crowd cringed, knowing that this fight was already over.
Lascar tossed the sword blade to the side and walked up to the man who was holding a hilt and a shield. The instructor led with his shield and tried to use the pummel to catch Lascar on the head. Lascar ducked, hit the man in the gut which caused him to double over in pain. Lascar then walked slowly in front of the man and brought his knee up into the man’s forehead. The sound was horrendous. The thud was almost like a watermelon hitting the ground but more solid. The instructor fell to his side before he released his hilt and shield.
“He will be fine. However, the trials are over for today.” Lascar said loudly to the crowd. All the students looked at him with fear and uncertainty and he loved it.
Zephillia waited at the edge of the platform for him. Lascar lept off the edge with ease. When he was on her level she jumped into his arms and kissed him on the forehead.
“You really need to shave that thing. I’d kiss you better.” Zephillia snickered.
Lascar set her on the ground and grabbed her hand before walking back to where he had left his bags.
“I need to find my room. Not going to have this thing coming between us,” Lascar joked as he rubbed his chin.
Zephillia took her hand out of Lascar’s then wrapped her arm around his before leaning on his shoulder. She could feel his power welling up in her again and this was neither the time nor the place to have him overwhelm her again.
“I should go find my room too.” Zephillia sounded disappointed. She would have to wait for another day to find out how close her fantasies came to the reality of sleeping with Lascar. As much as she wanted to spend the night with him, she also needed to make sure she had a room. If she didn’t check in they might give her room away to another student.
“There is always tomorrow,” Lascar said looking down at her.
“You know what? Why don’t you meet me here at midnight? I’d like the chance to tell you about me and I’d love to hear about you,” Zephillia said a little more cheerful. “But leave your friend at home.” Zephillia put her hand up and stroked Lascar’s beard.
“Do not worry. Our friendship is over.” Lascar smirked then let go of Zephillia’s arm, it was time for them to go their separate ways. The boys and girls stayed in opposite ends of the academy.

Chapter 7
Lascar sat on the bench, underneath a large tree. There was no moonlight this night and the yard was pitch black except for one torch. The torch was on a pole across the walkway and it was the only light in the entire yard. The rest of the torches remained unlit, maybe because there shouldn’t have been students in the yard at this hour. He looked up at the cloudy sky and stroked his chin. It felt strange having no beard. He had only had it for a few weeks, maybe a month, but it felt different without it. He wondered if it was close to midnight. His anxiety rose when he heard the grass rustling in the distance behind him and Lascar smiled. It was coming from the direction of the girl’s dorms so there was a good chance it was her.
Zephillia tried to sneak up on Lascar but when she was a few feet away from him he sprang to his feet and yelled, “Boo!”
“Lascar! I nearly had a heart attack!” Zephillia was holding her chest. It was then Lascar realized that she was wearing her hunter’s outfit. His excitement for having scared her was quickly replaced with lust and Zephillia picked up on his lustful expression right away.
“You liked this outfit the first time. I figured if you were going to shave your beard I could dress up for you.” Zephillia put her hands down to her sides and did a twirl to show off the outfit.
Lascar just stared. It was the first time he could ever remember being speechless. Her beauty was undeniable. The curve of her back side was only outdone by her barely covered, cleavage. However, what he found most attractive was her mind, how well she seemed to know him. He wasn’t afraid of telling her how he really felt. He wasn’t afraid of doing what he really wanted. She seemed to enjoy the same things.
“Now before you go getting any ideas. We’re just going to talk tonight. We’ll save the rest for another day.” Zephillia looked at him seductively and Lascar wasn’t sure he would be able to promise that.
“What do you want to know about me?” Lascar asked, he had to change the subject and quit staring at her body. She wanted to wait, he would wait.
“Me first,” Zephillia started. “I want to make really sure you know who I am. I don’t want to use you like my sister wanted. I want you to know me. I see something in you that I’ve never seen before and I’ve seen a lot. You are like me.”
“There are leaders and followers in this world. Leaders aren’t afraid to get their hands dirty to keep the followers in line.” Zephillia sat down on the bench and Lascar sat beside her. “You are a leader! I saw the look on your face when everyone was afraid of you. You liked it.”
Lascar smiled. She knew him very well. The strange thing was she liked him this way. He had often thought that there was something wrong with him but she accepted him for who he was.
“I’m old, very old. I don’t want there to be any misunderstandings about this. I’m nearly as old as your father. Two hundred and seventeen, to be exact.” Zephillia waited.
Lascar just continued to stare into her eyes. He had no problem with her age. He had never met anyone like her. What difference did age make when she looked and acted like she did? She was perfect no matter her age.
“So you don’t mind?” Zephillia asked when she realized that Lascar wasn’t going to answer.
Lascar laughed.
“I have had women. I’m not a virgin. You would be surprised at what servant girls will do for a few minutes of the prince’s attention. You are nothing like them.” Lascar replied.
Zephillia looked a little confused. How was she nothing like them? She was throwing herself at him just like the servant girls. She couldn’t believe she was doing it but she also couldn’t help herself.
“How am I different?” Zephillia asked.
“To start with, I never really talked to them. Not like I am talking to you. They came away from it knowing nothing more about me than when we met. I want you to know everything about me. The difference is, I like you.” Lascar looked down at his hand as Zephillia slid her hand on top of his. Then he looked back to her eyes and saw a glimmer of his red glow starting to appear around the outside of her corneas.
Now Zephillia felt just like the servant girls vying for a moment of the prince’s attention. What power did he have over her? She’d had many lovers in her two-hundred and seventeen years. She had never met a man that could make her feel like this. Then she smiled at him. She didn’t care. Lascar saying ‘I like you’ produced emotions she had never felt before and she didn’t want them to stop.
“How powerful are you?” Zephillia changed the subject. She was starting to doubt her decision to not have sex with him tonight. Despite this, she wanted to know more about this man before it was too late. Was he really everything she thought he was?
Lascar turned his hand over and clasped hers then his eyes lit up the yard. He could feel the magic building up inside him. Something about holding her hand helped him to concentrate and control the magic. Before it had always been the product of emotions. Although this was also emotional, it was different. He could manipulate the magic instead of desperately trying to keep it in.
Zephillia’s eyes lit up like Lascar’s and she gasped.
“That powerful,” Lascar said as he stared into her glowing eyes. “You absorb magic. Am I right?”
“Yes,” Zephillia said short of breath. The feeling of Lascar’s magic coursing through her veins was very pleasurable, almost sexual. This was certainly something she had never felt before.
“Do you think you could teach me how to do it?” Lascar asked.
“Absorb magic, no. That is something you are born with but I can teach you how to absorb energy from people. Like I did to that guard. The night we first met.” The rush of power coming from Lascar was making her a bit light headed so she removed her hand from his.
“Did I do something wrong?” Lascar asked, disappointed.
“No! Definitely not! You are just a bit more than I’m used to. I’ve never felt power like that before. Well, I take that back. My mother was that strong but it was a long time ago when I was a child. I couldn’t handle touching her for long. Although, I didn’t really want to touch her, but you…” The look on Zephillia’s face was enough that Lascar knew exactly what she meant.
“Does that mean we will not be able to…” Lascar wasn’t sure how to ask. He thought he did but he couldn’t finish the sentence.
Zephillia laughed.
“Oh! No! I mean Yes! I’ll figure out a way! Maybe I just need to build up my tolerance to you.” Zephillia laughed even louder and this made Lascar smile.
“So we should hold hands often?” Lascar asked with a smirk.
“Indeed!” Zephillia giggled then put her hand on top of Lascar’s again. “Just try not to feed me too much magic. Let me draw it out of you. At least for a while.”
“I understand,” Lascar agreed.
“Oh boy!” Zephillia said looking down at her hand. She imagined how much power she would absorb during sex. She had sex with a mage once and nearly killed him. She thought the opposite might be true with Lascar. He might overload her.
“What?” Lascar asked curiously.
“Just thinking,” Zephillia replied with a seductive smile.
Lascar could tell what was on her mind, he didn’t have to be a genius to figure this one out. He decided to talk about something else. If they continued with this conversation and their flirting, they might end up doing something that could hurt her.
“What happened to your mother?” Lascar asked.
“Yes…” Zephillia snapped herself from her fantasy. “That’s what I wanted to talk to you about. My sister wants me to find someone for my mother to drain. She wanted me to use you to help mother escape from her prison.” She saw the betrayed look on Lascar’s face and quickly amended herself. “I said my sister wants that. Not me.” Zephillia put her hand under Lascar’s chin to make him look her in the eyes. “I’d rather she never got out.”
Lascar’s mood improved immediately.
“But…there’s another outcome to this that my sister hasn’t thought of.” Zephillia smiled deviously.
“What is that?” Lascar asked.
“What if we let her think that’s what we’re doing? Really, we will be taking you to drain her. When you have better control of your magic and I can handle touching you long enough to help you learn.” Zephillia put her hand back on her lap. A few minutes at a time was all she could handle at the moment even though she desperately wanted to build up her tolerance faster.
“Where is this prison?” Lascar asked. He had never heard of a prison for mages. How could someone keep a mage in a prison? Why wouldn’t they just blow the place apart? Then he thought of his mother’s cage. It had somehow been able to hold her. Maybe Zephillia’s mother’s prison was something similar.
“That’s the problem. Not the finding it. I know where it is. It’s on an island. The problem is that it is locked with a magical key of sorts. Well several small keys and a master key to be exact. We will need to find all of them and combine them.” Zephillia looked worried now.
“That does not sound so bad. We just have to find them.” Lascar was trying to cheer her up but it didn’t seem to help.
“As far as I know, I am the only one that can touch them. Mages can’t touch the keys unless they have power like mine. The ability to absorb magic. Well lesser mages might be able to. The stronger your magic is, the worse the keys react to you. Someone like you might not be able to even get close to one. They are made from the same metal and spells that the prison is made of. A normal person, one with no magic, wouldn’t have a problem with the keys except that it might drive them insane trying to control it. The keys require a power like mine to combine them into one key, the one that unlocks the prison. So whoever made this prison thought of everything. They wanted to make sure mages couldn’t get her out unless they had a power like mine which is extremely rare and even then, only certain people can use them without going completely mad.” Zephillia trailed off.
“So a person without magic could collect them but not combine them. It has to be someone like you to combine them?” Lascar wanted to make sure he understood.
“Yes, you see, I have to absorb some of its power in order to control the magic of the keys. That is the part that could drive a person mad. Without my power the person would go insane fighting for control. It’s really quite brilliant. Whoever made this prison made it so that there was only a very small chance of someone getting her out.” Zephillia explained 
“Why do you hate your mother?” Lascar asked.
“I’m blue,” Zephillia stated as if that explained everything.
“So?” Lascar asked sincerely.
“I’m blue! Do you know what draelic do to blue children?!” Zephillia looked angry.
“I am not sure. I think they give them away, right?” Lascar couldn’t see how this could make Zephillia hate her mother. It had to be worse than that. You don’t want to kill your mother just because she gave you away.
“Not exactly. Some draelic give them away. Most, kill them or leave them to die in the forest.” Zephillia’s anger turned to sadness for a second then back to anger. “She left me in the woods to die!”
“You lived,” Lascar said quietly. Zephillia’s voice was rising with her anger and he didn’t want her to get upset with him too.
“Yes, by sheer chance. A lonely farmer brought me home. He had been exiled. Something about him insulting my mother by not saluting properly. I didn’t get the chance to find out the whole story. He was killed when I was nine and he didn’t like to talk about it. The men who killed him, humans, took me away and I spent the next few years as a slave to a barbaric man and his two boys.” Again Zephillia looked sad.
“What happened next?” Lascar asked, hanging on her every word.
Zephillia smiled and looked into his eyes. He really wanted to know and his concern seemed to make her happy.
“They took me to see my mother first. They wanted permission to own me. When I met my mother she touched me and saw the power I absorbed from her. You know what she said to them?” Zephillia was getting angrier by the second.
“No, what?!” Lascar was getting angry just hearing about the story and his sympathetic anger pleased Zephillia.
“She told them that she would pay them to take me. She had no use for a blue daughter, especially one that could take her power. At least that’s what she thought I was doing. Then she gave them two gold pieces to make sure I never returned home.” Zephillia looked down, the mix of anger and sadness was very taxing.
“What then?” Lascar desperately wanted to hear the rest. The more Lascar prodded and pulled the story from her the more she adored him. He actually cared.
“I killed them,” Zephillia grinned.
“Good! I assume they had you do more than clean,” Lascar prodded again.
“Yes, I was their play thing. They forced anti-pregnancy herbs down my throat at twelve and started playing with their new toy. Well, they tried.” Zephillia clenched her fists.
“I hope you made them suffer!” Lascar’s eyes started to glow again and Zephillia leaned back.
“Sorry, anger makes my magic come out and I cannot seem to control it,” Lascar apologized.
“No! Don’t apologize! I just don’t want to absorb too much and pass out on you,” Zephillia giggled. “You are very powerful, never apologize for that. Especially not to me. And yes, I made them suffer.” The evil look on Zephillia’s face helped Lascar to calm down.
“They had it coming,” Lascar scowled.
“You should have been there. Hearing them beg for their lives while I tore them apart was…” Zephillia wasn’t sure what word would describe the feeling. Zephillia held up her hand and black claws slid out from under her nails.
“Satisfying?” Lascar asked. “By the way, was your mother draelic? I’ve never seen a draelic with such amazing claws.”
“Oh, I forgot that part. My mother isn’t draelic. She was half guardian and half druid. She just made herself look like a draelic so she could be their queen. Even took a draelic husband which she killed when he gave her a blue daughter.” Zephillia eased her hand onto Lascar’s again. She was serious about increasing her tolerance to him as fast as possible.
“So she has the powers of a druid? What is a guardian?” Lascar asked. In all his books he had never read anything about them, tons about druids, but no guardians.
“Yes she can shift like a druid. She can even turn into other people, a very rare gift for a druid. Most can only turn into animals. Something about turning into a person being very complicated and it takes years to master. Anyway, the guardians are the race that created this planet in a way. They used this planet as either a zoo or a prison, not really sure which, maybe both. They crafted an artifact that can make decisions on its own to control the weather and keep the beings on this planet. The keys I spoke of can also be used to control the machine, that is what they called it, the machine. Guardians sort of look like a wraith from scary stories. Really tall and thin.” Zephillia pulled her hand from Lascar’s and showed him her claws again. “Claws like mine only much longer and teeth to match. They look like someone wrapped skin on a skeleton. Very creepy.” Zephillia returned her hand to Lascar’s and Lascar could see the twinge of red starting in her eyes again.
“I see, I read something about a creature that looked like that but the book was labeled as fiction. I had no idea. I wonder what else from that book was actually true.” Lascar pondered that for a moment. The book had talked about human’s falling from the sky in a large boat made of metal. It told the story of what happened to the humans, how they had become the three major races, draelic, xeltheen and human. Lascar wondered if that was true, it seemed very plausible now that he realized the creatures from the book were real.
“Probably most of it was true. I think you found one of the books your father banned. The ones explaining how humans got here. In a flying ship right?” Zephillia asked.
“Yes. So it is true?” Lascar was astounded.
“Yes, humans don’t come from this planet. They crashed here over three hundred years ago. Your father was one of the people from that ship. He was given eternal life while others were turned into draelic and xeltheen. Some given magical powers others given different gifts. This machine I told you about went insane while trying to save the humans because the humans couldn’t even breathe the air here. Humans had to be changed to survive.” Zephillia lifted her hand from Lascar’s and rubbed it. She had left it on too long. Now, not only was she dizzy but her hand burned like she had stuck it in a fire.
“Are you ok?” Lascar asked.
“Fine, just getting used to you,” Zephillia smiled kindly.
Lascar looked in the distance and saw the sun coming up. He couldn’t see the sun but the horizon was starting to brighten.
“How long have we been here?” Lascar asked.
“A long time. We should probably head for bed. Tomorrow is the intelligence exam and the magical aptitude testing,” Zephillia stated.
“Did they make you do the art of war testing?” Lascar asked.
“Not yet. You broke the instructor,” Zephillia laughed.
“What can I say, he was not very sturdy,” Lascar joined her in laughter.
When she finally stopped laughing Zephillia leaned in and kissed Lascar on the lips.
“Now that’s a kiss! It’s like kissing a frying pan!” Zephillia’s eyes lit up deep red.
“I am sor...” Lascar started.
“Quit being sorry for being so strong! Did I say I didn’t like it? No, I most certainly did not! I find it quite…let’s leave that for another day. When I can handle touching you longer.” Zephillia’s seductive glance was enough to tell Lascar what she was going to say.
Lascar stood up and started to turn toward his dorm but Zephillia stopped him. He noticed her eyes had dimmed a little as he stared into them.
“One more,” Zephillia said as she pressed her lips against his. She kissed him more passionately this time then jerked away suddenly as her eyes lit up the yard.
“Woah! It just keeps getting better! I told you I could build up a tolerance. We’ll just have to do that more often too,” Zephillia smirked then turned and started toward her dorm.
Lascar stared at her while she walked away, admiring her body while hoping she would be able to handle touching him soon.

Chapter 8
Lascar was woken by one of the instructors knocking on his door. He had only been asleep a couple hours but it had been worth it. Zephillia proved to be much more complex and interesting than anyone he had ever met. She seemed like a villainess from one of his novels. The kind of villainess that was so intriguing that you hoped she would win, even though good guys always prevail in novels. Perhaps life was a bit different. Maybe he could change the rules. Who says the kind hearted, charitable, polite people had to win all the time. Why couldn’t the people who were not afraid to get their hands dirty win sometimes? He realized he was using Zephillia’s words but he liked her words. So what if he had killed people? It just meant that people should know better than to get in his way. Zephillia didn’t mind, whose opinion mattered more than hers? No one’s!
Lascar got out of bed quickly as soon as he realized Zephillia might already be waiting for him. The intelligence testing was going to begin mid-morning and he had overslept. Lascar threw on a robe over the pants and shirt he had worn the day before. He had taken a shower, shaved and changed his clothes right before meeting Zephillia so they were not technically dirty yet.
When Lascar got near the school yard he got a strange feeling. Why hadn’t he noticed this yesterday? What had changed? He could feel magic coming from quite a few of the students and one strong source of magic nearby. He couldn’t quite place it but the strong magic seemed very familiar.
Maybe practicing his magic last night with Zephillia had caused him to be more sensitive to it? It was the most logical answer. Using magic would, more than likely, make it easier to use. Just like practicing with a sword made you think less about the sword and more about what you wanted to do with it.
Lascar tried to stand on his toes and peer over the students in the yard. He still wasn’t very tall and still wasn’t very muscular. Despite this, his appearance had never really bothered him. He was the prince of Tyrillia and underneath that, a powerful mage. Why did he care if other people thought he looked feeble? It actually served as quite a good disguise. Who would suspect that a thin, short boy could defeat a man twice his size?
Lascar smirked at the thought of beating his tutors so easily when he was a child.
A large boy smashed into Lascar at full speed, knocking him to the ground.
“Watch where you’re going, pipsqueak!” the boy shouted as he sped by.
Lascar covered his eyes so that no one would see them glow then squeezed his hand while focusing his attention on the boy’s leg. Suddenly the boy’s leg snapped right in the center and he fell to his side screaming.
Lascar casually got to his feet then walked over beside the boy.
“I think it is you that needs to watch where you are going,” Lascar sneered.
Zephillia snuck her arm around Lascar’s waist and pulled him back toward the crowd.
“Careful, it’s all about timing. You don’t want everyone to know how powerful you are until you are ready to fight them all off. This place trains Mage Hunters,” Zephillia whispered.
“Sorry,” Lascar started.
“Quit saying sorry. You are Lascar Tyrillias. You don’t say sorry. You say things like ‘Yes, Zephillia, I see your point’,” Zephillia said in her best Lascar voice. “Or ‘I see how that could be useful’.” Zephillia started laughing. Just the sound of her own voice mimicking Lascar’s was too much and Lascar soon joined her in laughter.
“Anyway, quit having all the fun without me,” Zephillia joked.
“Fun?” Lascar asked, now he was confused.
“You used your magic and I wasn’t there to watch,” Zephillia whispered. “I would have loved to see the look on that kids face when his leg inexplicably shattered.” Zephillia started giggling again.
“It was quite amusing. Somehow he knew that I had done it but he could not figure out exactly how.” Lascar smiled, he enjoyed Zephillia’s laugh. He enjoyed everything about her. She truly was the most interesting and attractive woman he had ever met.
“So, are you smart too?” Zephillia asked as they approached the intelligence test.
Nearly forty school desks had been lined up in front of the platform that had been used for military testing yesterday. There was now a podium on top of the platform and a stuffy looking man was reading through notes.
“You have no idea,” Lascar smirked as he leaned down to kiss Zephillia. Zephillia readily accepted the kiss and only broke it off when she could feel her eyes starting to burn.
“Now that is how Lascar Tyrillias talks.” Zephillia released his waist and took a seat, motioning for Lascar to sit beside her. “Don’t wait for me. You show them who you are.”
“This test consists of one hundred straight math problems and one hundred word problems. After that there is a vocabulary…” the man on the podium said in a loud voice. He had apparently lost the second note and wasn’t sure what came next.
“We sure we want to take lessons from someone that needs notes to remember a simple speech?” Zephillia whispered.
Lascar just smiled in response.
“Oh here it is. The vocabulary and writing section follow the math. You will be given four hours to finish this test. Pencils will be provided. There will be no breaks and no talking during the test. When you are finished bring me the test then head to the magic aptitude test,” the instructor finished then waved to his assistants to start passing out the tests.
“You can finish the test but don’t you dare do the magic without me. I want to see this,” Zephillia whispered.
“Believe me, if I quit taking lessons from people who are not as smart as me I would be very bored and very lonely.” Lascar smiled at Zephillia and she raised her eyebrows.
“Oh my. Lascar Tyrillias, I do believe you are a little full of yourself.” Zephillia looked away. Then Zephillia started to get worried. What if she was teasing him too much? What would she do if she made him angry? Lascar was the most interesting and powerful man she had ever met. She would never find a man this perfect. She thought quickly and leaned in to whisper to him. “That’s what makes you so fascinating. A strong, intelligent, confident man is very attractive,” she added hoping to clarify that she had just been joking.
Lascar smiled and accepted the test and pencils he was handed then started writing. Zephillia glanced at Lascar’s hand and was amazed at how quickly he wrote as well as how quickly he thought. He was nearly half way down the page and she hadn’t started yet.
After fifteen minutes Lascar scooted himself away from his desk and walked up to the podium. The stuffy instructor looked down at him crossly.
“There are no breaks, young man.” The man fiddled with his glasses and waved his hand.
“I am finished,” Lascar said as he held out the test.
“We’ll see about that,” the stuffy man said ripping the test from Lascar’s hand. His eyes widened while he went down the page then to the next and the next. “I want you to visit the head master’s office after you take your magic aptitude test.” The instructor then shoved Lascar’s test into a folder and went back to his reading.
Lascar nodded then walked casually down the row of desks and headed off toward the magic aptitude testing area. Luckily, the instructors were not completely finished setting up for the test. There was no way Lascar was going to deny Zephillia’s request for him to wait. Hopefully some other students would finish their test or maybe Zephillia would finish hers.
After about thirty minutes Zephillia came walking up and sat down beside him. She put her head on his shoulder and carefully slid her hand on top of his.
“Did he ask you to talk to the headmaster too?” Lascar asked.
“No, why? Is that what he was telling you?” Zephillia lifted her head and removed her hand. Lascar could see a sliver of red around the corneas of her eyes.
“Yes, apparently I need to talk to the headmaster after this.” Lascar rolled his eyes.
“They think you cheated,” Zephillia laughed. “What simple fools. They probably thought I did as well but since I’m draelic they didn’t want to risk upsetting the peace with Norzen.”
“Careful,” Lascar cautioned as Zephillia went to put her hand on his again.
“I’ll be careful. I’m getting the hang of it. You do want me to be able to touch you right?” Zephillia smiled flirtatiously.
“Yes, I do,” Lascar replied quickly.
After about an hour of sitting together teasing each other, Lascar and Zephillia were joined by a few more students. Many of them gave the couple dirty looks. The sight of a human and a draelic sitting together was appalling to many of the human students. When the benches around this area of the yard started to fill up some very important looking men took positions in the open area of the yard.
These men wore blue cloth uniforms with a red symbol of fire in the center of their chest. At first Lascar thought his new senses were dulling again until he realized that the Mage Hunters really weren’t that powerful. Some of the new students sitting in the yard had more magic than them and he could still feel the one powerful mage that was somewhere near him.
The Mage Hunters took turns calling up students then blasting them with magic. Most of the students were blown backward by the blast but a few were able to stay on their feet. Lascar noticed another man beside them with a notebook that was taking notes as each student was tested. This man looked very strange.
The small man had greenish gray skin that almost looked like leather. He appeared to be a mix of many races. He had the eyes of a xeltheen and the fangs of a draelic but no horns and no hair. Then Lascar realized while concentrating on this man that he was giving off the powerful magic. This strange looking, puny man had more magic than all the people in the school yard combined, excluding Lascar himself.
Lascar stood up and walked toward the greenish man when his name was called.
“Be careful,” Zephillia said then looked on him kindly.
When Lascar was nearly at the five men the greenish man stepped toward him while pretending to show him something in the notebook.
“You need to fail, my prince. Don’t let them see your magic,” the greenish man said very quietly.
“Why?” Lascar asked.
“I’ll teach you real magic. Mage Hunters spend way too much time just trying to learn the basics. I doubt they could even teach you anything.” The strange man took a step back and held out his hand.
Lascar clasped his hand and shook it.
“Name is Narsol. Good luck to you Prince Lascar.” Narsol went back to his position.
Lascar took his spot in front of the Mage Hunters and waited.
One of the Mage Hunters held his hands out and soon a red ball of energy started to form in his hands. After a few seconds the ball shot forward and hit Lascar in the chest. The prince didn’t feel a thing. He stood there trying to figure out what to do for a second then quickly pretended that the blast had knocked him out. He let himself fall and smashed his head against the hard ground.
Zephillia lept to her feet and before anyone could figure out what to do she had her hands under his head. Lascar opened his eyes briefly and winked at her then shut them once more. Zephillia thought quickly, she had no idea why Lascar was pretending to be unconscious but she didn’t need to know why. She trusted that he had a good reason.
“We need a doctor! He’s out cold!” Zephillia screamed and soon two men arrived and carried the prince off.
Zephillia followed the two men carrying Lascar and soon they were in the infirmary. Lascar was laid out on a table and then the two men went to find the doctor.
“Shh,” Lascar said putting his finger to his lips.
“Why did you do that? You scared me half to death. I thought you had gotten killed or something.” Zephillia looked frantic.
“You really think that weak magic could do anything to me?” Lascar smirked.
“Well…now that you put it that way. I guess I didn’t really think. I just reacted.” Zephillia put her hands on her head and looked cross with herself. “I should have known better.”
“It is hard to react calmly when someone you care about appears hurt?” Lascar lifted one eyebrow inquisitively.
“Oh, I see. This was a trick to find out if I cared. You dolt!” Zephillia slapped Lascar on the shoulder and he pretended that it hurt. “And quit patronizing me. I know that didn’t hurt.”
“Fine, you are right. It did not hurt.” Lascar laughed. “Seriously, I let them think they knocked me out for a good reason.”
“Finding out if I care isn’t a good reason?” Zephillia feigned indignance and crossed her arms.
“No! It is not that!” Lascar scrambled.
“Just kidding! See, it’s not so fun is it?” Zephillia teased.
“You made your point. Anyway, Narsol, the guy with the notebook, said he would teach me real magic. Not the weak stuff the Mage Hunters use. Also, their magic is so weak. I seriously doubt we have anything to fear from them. I did not even feel a thing when it hit me.”
“Really now?” Zephillia put her finger up to her chin. Something devious was going on in her head and Lascar loved it.
“What?” Lascar begged.
“If they are weak, who do we really have to worry about?” Zephillia continued to tap her chin with her finger. “Why hide?”
“Even though they are weak there might be someone out there that can beat us. We should still play it safe, just for now. If this Narsol can teach me how to control my magic then we will be unstoppable.” Lascar sat up on the table.
“Smart. Yes, let’s play it safe at first.” Zephillia looked at Lascar seductively. “We’re all alone. We shouldn’t waste a golden opportunity like this.”
Zephillia deftly climbed up on Lascar’s lap and straddled him. She ran her fingers through his hair and gently kissed him on the lips several times before giving in and kissing him deeply.
Lascar put his arms around her and squeezed.
“Ow!” Zephillia yelled. “Careful, you’re really strong!”
“Sorr…” Lascar started then tried to copy Zephillia’s voice. “You make a good point, Zephillia.”
Zephillia playfully slapped Lascar on the shoulder then kissed him again. Soon Zephillia’s eyes started to burn and she eased herself off of Lascar’s lap.
“Don’t want a curious doctor to think there’s something wrong with my eyes. Maybe later we can meet up somewhere quiet? Somewhere I can push myself to the limit.” Zephillia snickered.
“Meet up? Who says I am going to let you out of my sight?” Lascar replied.
“Lascar Tyrillias, I think you like me,” Zephillia said giving Lascar a doe eyed grin.
“Like you? I think I l…” Lascar was cut short when the doctor entered the room.
“Feeling better Mr. Tyrillias?” the doctor asked.
The man was tall and thin. He was balding but didn’t look much older than thirty. He wore glasses and a white doctor’s robe. The ragged man looked overworked and a bit frazzled.
“That is Prince Tyrillias or Prince Lascar if you prefer,” Lascar replied.
“So sorry, my prince,” the ragged man said as he bowed. “I didn’t mean to offend. I forget myself sometimes.”
Zephillia stood beside the doctor and mouthed words silently to Lascar. “I love you too.”
Lascar’s grim expression was nearly broken as he read Zephillia’s lips. He nearly smiled then the doctor stood up.
“Any side effects sir?” The doctor looked over Lascar’s face then rubbed his head to check for bumps.
“No, I feel fine. Not sure what happened.” Lascar almost started to smile again as Zephillia sat behind the doctor mouthing more words.
“Zephillia Tyrillias, Queen of the world.” Zephillia mouthed while holding her hands over her heart.
“Any residual dizziness? Ringing in your ears?” The doctor asked while pulling Lascar’s ear open wider.
“I want you.” Zephillia mouthed silently.
“No dizziness,” Lascar smiled and the doctor continued to poke and prod him.
Zephillia pulled the shoulder of her shirt down to show off bare skin and she mouthed words to him again. “I really want you.”
Then Lascar realized the urgency and jumped off the table almost knocking the doctor to the floor.
“I am fine doctor. Just not good with magic I guess. Thanks, I have somewhere I need to be,” Lascar said patting the doctor on the shoulder. He put his arm around Zephillia’s waist and ushered her out of the office.
When they were outside the office Zephillia turned Lascar forcefully and pushed him up against the wall. She stood on her tiptoes and kissed him. She ran her fingers through his hair and the prince embraced her much more carefully this time.
“We really need to find somewhere more private!” Zephillia exclaimed. Lascar noticed her eyes were now bright red.
“I agree.” Lascar put his arm around her waist again and led her down the hall. “Just cover your eyes in case we meet anyone. At least until the power dissipates.”
Lascar led Zephillia out and to an alley a few buildings down. When they arrived Lascar gently lifted Zephillia’s hands from her eyes.
“Your idea of a romantic getaway?” Zephillia asked, disgusted by the alley.
“Not really, just checking your eyes. Did not think we should go through the crowd of students with you, a blue draelic, escorted by the prince of Tyrillia and you covering your eyes the whole way. I think that would garner more than the usual amount of attention we get.” Lascar looked down at her condescendingly yet the smile on his face let her know that he was just teasing.
“You have a point.” Zephillia looked at Lascar fiendishly then kissed him forcefully while she knitted her fingers into his hair.
When Zephillia had to pull away her eyes were bright red again.
“I thought you did not like this alley?” Lascar smirked.
“Couldn’t help myself. I’m getting used to it and it just keeps getting better!” Zephillia grabbed Lascar’s head and directed his face to her neck.
Lascar kissed his way around her neck and to her collar bone then Zephillia pulled his head away sharply.
“Did I do something wrong?” Lascar asked.
Zephillia tilted his head to the entrance of the alley.
“We have an audience.” Zephillia’s voice sounded scared.
Lascar looked back at her eyes, they were still glowing bright enough that Lascar’s white shirt looked pink.
“What do we have here?” the boy asked.
“I think it’s the prince with a draelic mage,” the girl beside him said snidely.
“What would daddy say?” the boy added.
“’My father will say nothing because he will never find out!” Lascar’s eyes soon overshadowed Zephillia’s in intensity. He was furious.
“You’re a mage too? Well, well. I think we’re set for life. How much you spose we can get from these two? I doubt we’ll ever have to work again,” the boy said.
“You know the problem with blackmailing mages?” Zephillia asked. Her eyes were losing their glow.
“No, what’s that?” the girl asked snidely.
Lascar grabbed both of them by the shirt and threw them farther into the alley. Then Lascar turned and walked slowly toward them, anger the only thing he could see.
“There’s no problem. The person doing the blackmailing doesn’t live that long,” Zephillia’s claws came out of her fingers and she ran passed Lascar. When she reached the girl she jumped on her and impaled her through the heart then looked into the air while she drained the girl’s body of all its energy.
The boy took off, terrified. Lascar stuck out his hand and the boy was frozen.
“Let me drain him. Please?” Zephillia begged in a childish voice.
Lascar pulled his hand closer to his body and the boy was sent flying at Zephillia. He landed at her feet and she pounced on the boy as well, quickly draining all his energy.
“We should probably find a more secluded spot. Not that I mind killing idiots but I think someone might notice if half the school winds up dead.” Zephillia smiled playfully as she stood up and ran her claws across his chest.
The glow in Lascar’s eyes faded and he started to smile.
“There are a lot of idiots here,” Lascar agreed.
Zephillia put her arm around Lascar’s waist, the glow in her eyes was almost gone.
“You know, I don’t have a roommate. Nobody wanted to bunk with a blue draelic,” Zephillia offered.
“Do you have neighbors?” Lascar smirked.
“Yes, why?” Zephillia looked a little hurt.
“You are loud when I kiss you. How loud do you think you will be when…?” Lascar said smiling even wider.
“Good point. What do you suggest?” Zephillia asked.
“It is good to be the prince! We should go to whatever that town is called down the road. They gave me a free room before I got here.” Lascar waited for a response.
“Hmm, our first time in a seedy hotel?” Zephillia rubbed her forehead pretending to consider it.
“I can find someplace better,” Lascar apologized.
“I was willing to do it in an alley. I’m just joking.” Zephillia started walking forward, she grabbed Lascar’s hand and pulled him along. “Oh, we should wait until tomorrow. You need to talk to that Narsol guy. Find out when he can teach you.” She noticed the sad expression on Lascar’s face and added. “I’m not even sure we can yet. I just wanted to try. We might spend the whole night just kissing if I can’t handle you yet.”
“That does not sound unappealing.” Lascar’s smile returned.
“We can wait one more day. I’ll keep practicing by holding your hand a lot.” Zephillia looked at Lascar deviously.
“Just holding my hand?” Lascar asked. They were nearly back at the crowd of students waiting to take the magic aptitude test.
“I might throw in a kiss now and then. If you’re good,” Zephillia said raising one eyebrow.
“I almost forgot. I need to see the Headmaster.” Lascar didn’t look worried, only frustrated.
“Oh, yeah. They think you cheated,” Zephillia teased.
“Just a formality. They will probably give me verbal questions or something stupid like that.” Lascar started heading to the administration building. “I will be back as soon as I can.” The disappointment in his voice was clear and Zephillia slid her arm around his waist then put her head against his shoulder.
“I can wait in the hall while you talk to him can’t I?” Zephillia asked, looking up at him playfully.
Lascar couldn’t help but smile. The power this woman had over him. She could switch his mood with one look. Her touch was intoxicating and her voice like a lullaby. How had he ever been happy before her?
“I do not see why not?” Lascar tried to hide his smile but Zephillia caught a glimpse, stood on her tiptoes and kissed him on the cheek.
“Good, I want all these girls to know that you’re taken.” Zephillia stood up straight and strutted beside Lascar in a whimsical fashion.
Lascar just laughed and continued walking. She didn’t need encouragement, this petite, beautiful, blue woman had more self-confidence than any woman Lascar had ever met. She was smaller than most women, especially draelic women, but no one was going to make her back down. Any woman that even looked at him funny might end up regretting it.
Soon they walked up to the administration building and climbed the two flights of stairs to the Headmaster’s office. Lascar knocked loudly on the door while Zephillia found herself a seat across the hall.
“Enter,” the headmaster beckoned from inside.
Lascar opened the door and almost lost his temper when the headmaster made a disgusted look upon seeing Zephillia. Lascar quickly shut the door and tried to calm himself. It wouldn’t do either of them any good if Lascar killed the headmaster on his first real day of school. His adventure with Zephillia was just starting, he didn’t want to do anything to mess that up, even if the stuffy old man deserved it.
The headmaster sat in his desk and returned to his paper after Lascar shut the door. Devon Kland, the current headmaster of the Tyrillian Academy, was a short, overweight, balding old man. Devon was about the same height as Lascar but much rounder. He was elitist and proud. This Lascar found funny because there wasn’t a noble in Tyrillia that would send their child to the Academy. There were many private tutors and colleges that could teach the same subjects in less time, if you had the money, but commoners needed somewhere to train.
Devon’s suit looked expensive but old. He had probably paid quite a few weeks’ worth of his salary for it many, many years ago. Most of the students there, as well as their parents, were probably impressed by it but Lascar wasn’t. The buttons were worn and the thread in the elbows was thin.
“Mr. Tyrillias,” the headmaster started and Lascar grinned. He had hoped the headmaster would make the same mistake as the doctor. He was prince of Tyrillia. If Lucian had been here the man would have been taken out by the guards and taught the error of his ways.
“You will refer to me as Prince Tyrillias or Prince Lascar.” Lascar felt vindicated. The man could look down at Zephillia for now but soon she would be Princess Zephillia Tyrillias if he had his way. Then no one would ever dare give her dirty looks again.
“My apologies, Prince Lascar,” the headmaster quickly replied. He didn’t try to bow like the doctor. Lascar thought this may have been more because the overweight man was sitting and bowing would have been nearly impossible.
“What can I do for you headmaster?” Lascar asked. He clasped his hands behind his back and stood up straight. At an early age his father had instilled in him the importance of carrying yourself like you own the world. One of the few useful things Lucian had taught him.
“I hear you completed the exam in fifteen minutes?” the headmaster asked, cocking one eyebrow. His condescending tone and demeanor were not lost on Lascar.
“Yes, some of the questions were poorly worded. I had to read them twice,” Lascar replied in an equally condescending tone.
“I’ll have you know that we don’t take cheating lightly here.” The headmaster looked at his paper again and Lascar realized it was the test he had taken.
“I did not cheat. Give me the test again. Mix the questions around. Give me a verbal exam. I will pass them all.” Lascar stood proudly, unfaltering in front of the headmaster’s desk.
“That will not be necessary. You’re not interested in becoming a teacher or scholar so the intelligence test is not that useful. If you even got half of these right you would still be accepted to officer training. Yes, I heard about your mishap with the Mage Hunters. Just letting you know that we will be watching you from now on.” The headmaster waved his hand and went back to reading over Lascar’s test.
Lascar gritted his teeth and walked out of the office. He paused at the door, forcing himself to shut it delicately.
“Oh, my,” Zephillia said, putting her hand over her mouth. “Is he still…alive?”
“Yes,” Lascar struggled to say. All Lascar could think about was how angry he was. How he wished he had strangled the pompous old man.
Zephillia slid her hands up Lascar’s cheeks then into his hair. She pulled his head lower and kissed him delicately on the lips then moved her mouth to his ears.
“Thank you for not killing him. I’d much rather spend time with you than try to explain how the headmaster suddenly exploded into a million pieces.” When Zephillia was done whispering she kissed his earlobe before nibbling on it.
Lascar forgot the headmaster, forgot the academy and even forgot his father. Zephillia was all he wanted, all he would ever need.
“Perhaps we should not do this here,” Lascar smirked.
Zephillia suddenly realized the burning sensation in her eyes again.
“Oh, geez, you’re right. What was I thinking?” Zephillia replied frantically.
“I do not know. Maybe something about how sexy I am?” Lascar teased then led Zephillia back down the stairs.
“You’re alright, I guess.” Zephillia looked at Lascar deviously. Zephillia motioned to herself. “I mean if I could find a man that looked like this, you might be out of luck.” 
“I would not blame you one bit,” Lascar admitted.
In Zephillia’s attempt at playful banter she had inadvertently given Lascar the perfect chance to compliment her. She couldn’t resist. She grabbed his face and pushed him up against the stair well. She kissed him passionately until the burning in her eyes forced her to stop.
“You keep saying things like that and I won’t be held responsible for my actions.” Zephillia rubbed her finger across her lips and stared lustfully into Lascar’s eyes, her eyes still glowing bright enough to light the stairs.
“I have never seen a more beautiful woman. How can you get more gorgeous every time I look at you?” Lascar smiled at her deviously.
“You’re doing that on purpose!” Zephillia slapped him on the arm and Lascar laughed.
“Of course I am doing it on purpose. I really like kissing you. It is also true.” Lascar put his arm around her waist and continued down the stairs and back out into the yard.
Lascar sat at a bench and Zephillia sat beside him. They spent the next few hours holding hands and occasionally kissing while teasing each other playfully. They ignored all the student’s dirty looks and snide comments. Finally, as the sun was going down and the tests were over they saw Narsol start to walk back to his house. The two of them caught up to him as casually as they could.
“So, where were you planning on teaching me?” Lascar asked in a hushed voice.
“Who is this?!” Narsol asked with worry in his voice.
“Zephillia is my…” Lascar looked to Zephillia for help. What was she, not a friend, maybe a girlfriend? Maybe more than that.
“Let’s go with fiancé,” Zephillia said and Lascar smiled in agreement.
“Oh,” Narsol replied but didn’t stop. He wanted to get out of the school yard and into the seclusion of his own home before he spoke about something so illegal. “This is mine.” Narsol motioned to the doorway.
Lascar and Zephillia stepped inside while Narsol locked the door behind them. He threw his robe over a chair and walked to a door down the hall.
“In the basement. Magic can be explosive and bright if you can’t control it. Don’t want any Mage Hunters getting curious.” Narsol opened the door then went down.
“He sure is paranoid,” Zephillia whispered and Lascar nodded in agreement.
The basement was damp and dark. In the middle of the room was an old wooden table with a few books on it and a candle that barely lit the room as Narsol lit it. Along the wall were several shelves full of books. Lascar glanced over the titles, some he knew, others he had never seen before. He was excited. He had not read a new book in over a year, there were just no books left in Tyrillia that he hadn’t read. At least that was what he thought before today.
“So…” Zephillia started before Narsol could speak. “My soon-to-be husband has a ton of power but not much control over it. I can’t handle his power either or I’d show him some things.” Zephillia winked at Lascar and he realized this phrase had a double meaning. “What can you show him to help him control it?”
“First we need a few ground rules,” Narsol started. “You will not tell anyone you train magic here. You are here to help Zephillia with umm…” Narsol struggled with what she could be learning.
“Math?” Lascar offered.
“Yes, math. That did take me a while. Took nearly forty five minutes for me to finish the test, most of it was the math and you did it in fifteen.” Zephillia was not actually feeling bad that she had taken forty five minutes but she took every opportunity she could to compliment Lascar. She wanted to make very certain that he understood her feelings. She adored him.
“Fighting?” Narsol asked. He knew that no one would believe that either of them came to study math. Even forty-five minutes was a new record for the academy test.
“True, I haven’t taken the art of war test yet. That’s perfect. We can say I’m apprehensive about the test so I wanted to brush up on my fighting styles.” Zephillia grabbed Lascar’s arm and hugged it.
“That will do,” Lascar agreed.
“Second, you will not use magic anywhere but here until we are certain that you can control it.” Narsol looked at them sternly.
“I will try but not having control of my magic means I cannot control when I use it,” Lascar replied.
“I mean intentionally. Accidents are going to happen. Just don’t go blowing up buildings because you are too lazy to get up and grab a cup. I think you know what I mean,” Narsol said then started looking through his books for one to begin with. “Especially, don’t kill anyone.”
“Sure,” Zephillia and Lascar said in unison then looked at each other knowingly.
“The first lesson,” Narsol said as he put a book on the table. On the page was the picture of a fire. “You need to learn how to recharge your magic. I’m sure you’ve noticed that when you use magic you feel drained afterward.”
“Yes, except when I’m around Zephillia,” Lascar said. Zephillia beamed with pride.
Narsol looked curiously at her then walked around her and stared more intently.
“Take my hand,” Narsol said when he was back in front of her.
Zephillia grabbed his hand and soon her eyes were a light green. Narsol let go then scratched his bald chin. He almost looked like he had once had a beard. Like he was scratching the memory of having one.
“I have never seen magic like this. Can you try something?” Narsol asked.
“Sure, we’re here to learn,” Zephillia replied.
“Lascar you stand on that side,” Narsol pointed to the far side of the room. “Zephillia you stand on the other side, against the wall.”
Lascar and Zephillia did as they were told.
“Now Lascar do you know how to shoot a beam of energy or an orb yet?” Narsol asked.
“No, not really.” Lascar was a little ashamed.
“That’s ok. What can you do?” Narsol asked.
“I can make my eyes light up. Sometimes I can move things. I even froze a boy in place once.” Lascar looked at Zephillia. She opened her eyes widely, she was afraid Lascar might say too much.
“That will work for what I want to try.” Narsol walked to the middle of the room. “Freeze me. There is no urgency, no adrenaline to keep you from feeling the fatigue. You should feel it right away.”
Lascar put his hand out and tried to remember how he had frozen the boy to keep him from getting away but nothing happened.
“Remember what you felt. Were you protecting someone? Were you angry? Try to feel the same emotions.” Narsol said kindly.
Lascar concentrated again, trying to recall what he was feeling at the time. He was angry but he wasn’t just angry. He was furious. The boy was going to tell someone that he was a mage. No, that wasn’t what caused his anger. It wasn’t that the boy was going to tell someone about him. It was because the boy was going to tell someone about Zephillia. The anger rose inside him. No one would ever be allowed to hurt her, ever!
Lascar’s eyes lit the basement and Narsol was frozen in place. He could barely speak, barely breathe.
“Th…that’s…good…” Narsol struggled to say.
Lascar released Narsol and then he felt it. It wasn’t drastic, not like before but he did feel weaker.
“Do you feel it?” Narsol asked.
“Yes, it is not much but I do feel a little tired,” Lascar replied.
“Now Zephillia I want you to go stand next to Lascar,” Narsol instructed.
Zephillia dutifully walked over and stood by Lascar.
“Should I hold his hand?” Zephillia asked.
“Not yet. I want to know if it is proximity or touch.” Narsol straightened his clothes and readied himself. The first time Lascar’s raw power had taken him by surprise, he hoped to do better. “Ok, I’m ready. Try to hold it longer but please be careful. If I’m in the infirmary I can’t teach you anything.”
Zephillia snickered.
“I am sorr…” Lascar started then looked at Zephillia who was scowling. “I will do my best.” Lascar corrected himself. Immediately Zephillia smiled at him.
Lascar held out his hand and conjured the memory of his anger over someone hurting Zephillia. Narsol’s body tensed in pain and his eyes widened. His jaw clenched and after a few moments Lascar released him and Narsol fell to his knees.
“Are you ok?” Zephillia asked.
“Yes…I’m…fine. Nothing permanent, just very painful.” Narsol said trying to catch his breath. “Do you feel weak?”
“No, I feel fine,” Lascar replied, surprised at how he didn’t feel the slightest bit tired.
“I’ve heard of this,” Narsol started. “Not Zephillia’s power but the reason you aren’t drained when you are with her. It’s kind of like symbiosis, the word doesn’t completely fit but it’s the closest word in your language that I can think of.”
“You’re a druid aren’t you?” Zephillia questioned.
“Yes.” Narsol started walking over to Lascar. “You two have nearly the same magical energy. With your gift.” Narsol looked at Zephillia. “And your power.” Narsol motioned to Lascar. “You feed each other magic. I’d guess that you have a hard time touching his skin, correct?”
“Yes,” Zephillia replied, a little embarrassed.
“Makes sense. He is very powerful. You can’t help draining some of that magic. Also because he is willing to give it to you it’s too much to handle. You are draining small amounts just standing next to him.” Narsol walked back to the book he had laid on the table and picked it up.
“Do you think I’ll ever be able to touch him? Like a normal wife I mean?” Zephillia asked shyly.
“Oh! I hadn’t thought of that. You two are going to be married but you can’t have sex.” Narsol smiled which caused Zephillia to blush.
“She has been holding my hand and kissing me but we have to be careful because of her eyes and the fact that she feels dizzy,” Lascar explained.
“Yes, you will eventually build up a tolerance and be able to touch him for longer periods of time. Your body will get used to it. You are taking the right approach. Small, manageable doses are good in public. In private, push it until you feel dizzy, no more.” Narsol scolded.
“I could accidentally kill her. That is what you are not telling us,” Lascar stated. Secretly he was terrified. He would never be able to live with himself if he ever hurt this amazing woman.
“Yes, I’m sorry but it could kill her to touch you for too long. At least until her body can handle it. But don’t give up. What you two have is very unique. I’ve only ever seen it in druids. Sharing magic can bring about the kind of connection that cannot be described with words. Count yourselves lucky that you found each other before you were married to someone else. That can get messy.” Narsol brought the book to the middle of the room and set it on the floor while he started a fire.
“So why do I not feel drained when she is around?” Lascar asked.
“Oh, I got caught up in my rantings. Yes, I should explain that. She gives off magic too. Even though you don’t have her power you have the same energy so your body absorbs it when you use magic. Truthfully her power is the strangest thing about your pairing. I’ve never met anyone that can drain magic from mages without the same energy and not with the speed that she can. That is truly amazing. But the downside is she draws from you too fast for her body to handle. It will come in time.” Narsol kept talking in circles while he started the fire. He seemed old, prone to repeating himself and forgetful.
When the fire was finally going Narsol motioned for them to sit by him. Lascar and Zephillia sat on the other side of the fire close to each other.
“This lesson may be easier for Zephillia than you but it is important so don’t give up. I want you to stick your hand in the fire.” Narsol said then put his hand in the fire. Lascar didn’t hesitate but Zephillia looked uncertain.
“In the fire?” Zephillia asked.
“Yes, concentrate on absorbing the energy from the fire. Its energy is very similar to magic. Let your body soak in as much as it needs,” Narsol said calmly while he turned his hand over in the fire.
“I am not feeling anything,” Lascar stated.
“That’s nice,” Zephillia purred. The flames were bending around her hand almost like she was pulling them to her.
“Don’t be too concerned. With her sitting next to you your body just doesn’t need energy. Something to practice when you’re by yourself.” Narsol stood up and closed the book. “I’d say we made good progress today. We’ll do more each day at supper time? It’s when the Mage Hunters practice and everyone else is busy eating. I’m sure they would save two plates of food for the Prince of Tyrillia if he was prone to eating later than everyone else.” Narsol smiled then put the book down on the table.
“Thank you, that was very helpful,” Lascar said.
“Yes,” Zephillia grabbed Lascar’s arm and put her head on his shoulder. “I was starting to worry that I’d never be able to…you know.”
“Magic is a beautiful and complicated energy force. If you can’t do something you may just have to come at it a different way, but anything is possible.” Narsol sounded like a barker selling oil for people’s hair but at least he was passionate about what he was teaching.
Lascar and Zephillia said good night and shared one more kiss before returning to their dorms. That night they both had very similar dreams. Each of them longing for the day they could truly be together.

Chapter 9
Several weeks passed and slowly Lascar started to grasp the concepts of magic. He still couldn’t drain energy from fire nor could he use magic energy to create orbs or beams but he was able to stop letting his magic show every time he lost his temper. At the same time Zephillia, either due to Lascar’s greater control or her own tolerance, was able to touch Lascar for longer periods of time. They spent many hours holding hands and talking but kissing was still limited. The emotions Lascar felt when they kissed were much stronger than his anger and the prince had a hard time not overloading his fiancé.
Lascar and Zephillia had both gotten accepted for officer training. Neither thought it sounded interesting and most of the time they were both bored out of their minds but Narsol’s training kept them from leaving the academy. Most days they would meet in the morning and talk through most of the day, ignoring the instructors. The types of things they taught were common sense to Lascar and even the ones that were more obscure he had learned from reading the training manual cover to cover the first night. When asked a question Zephillia would just get cues from her fiancé. To them the academy was a joke. Narsol’s classes, on the other hand, kept them busy hours after they left his house. Both of them were learning so much that the inconvenience of officer training was barely worth mentioning.
Lascar walked slowly to Narsol’s house while Zephillia tugged him along.
“What’s wrong? Aren’t you excited?” Zephillia asked.
“Yes,” Lascar answered. He was distracted, something was on his mind.
“What is it?” Zephillia stopped right in front of him and Lascar had to stop in order to avoid knocking her over.
“This holiday. What are we going to do for a whole week? No magic training at all.” Lascar looked down at her with kindness. He didn’t want to say what was really bothering him but Zephillia could tell.
“I know, it’s not going as quickly as I’d hoped. We will be together. I’m making progress.” Zephillia felt guilty, like it was her fault they couldn’t be together.
“I know. Sometimes it just seems like we are stuck. It has been weeks and we are not much closer to being together.” Lascar looked depressed.
Zephillia stood on her tip toes and grabbed Lascar’s face. She kissed him passionately and soon had to pull away.
“I’d say that was twenty seconds. Sound right?” Zephillia asked as the red glow quickly faded from her eyes.
“Yes, about twenty maybe twenty five,” Lascar replied dejectedly.
“That is fifteen seconds longer than I could take last week and look.” Zephillia pointed at her eyes. “It’s gone in under ten.”
Lascar smiled. Whereas he saw the glass half empty, she saw it as half full.
“You have a point,” Lascar replied trying to hide his smile. “One week, fifteen seconds.”
“Don’t look at it like that it’s not linear. It’s multiplicative.” Zephillia grinned and kissed him on the cheek.
“So you are saying that you are gaining more time each week? More than the week before I mean?” Lascar asked sincerely.
“That’s exactly what I mean!” Zephillia grabbed Lascar’s hand and tugged him along again. “Just think of the practice we can put in this week. No school, no people bothering us. We can just shut ourselves in and practice.” Zephillia lifted one eyebrow and smiled.
Zephillia’s devilishly seductive smile brightened Lascar’s mood immediately. Why had he not realized this? They would have a whole week, uninterrupted. This wasn’t going to be bad, this week was going to be incredible!
“Even if we don’t make much progress. I for one, will have a lot of fun trying.” Zephillia winked at Lascar and his apprehension was a distant memory. This week was going to be the best week ever. The surprise he had planned for her would not be wasted after all.
When they arrived at Narsol’s they let themselves in and headed to the basement, careful to lock the door behind them. Narsol was already in the basement getting set up for the day’s lesson. He was sitting on the floor in the middle of the room in front of a small fire.
“Hello,” the odd looking man said with a smile when he noticed them.
“What we doing today?” Zephillia said in her usual chipper tone. Lascar liked the training as much as she did but Zephillia was just more expressive. When something displeased her Lascar knew it, when she liked something everyone knew it.
“I think I will try a new approach today. Something a little more subtle. Bear with me here, this may seem inconsequential but I assure you the reasons behind it are sound.” Narsol said.
Lascar and Zephillia sat beside each other on the opposite side of the fire and held hands.
“I see you two are making progress on other fronts. I can’t imagine your life and I don’t envy it.” Narsol said kindly. Along with the obvious lack of intimate contact, Narsol knew everything about their lives. At least the part that Zephillia was willing to share. He knew about Zephillia’s overbearing sister, her mother that didn’t love her and the hardships she had faced as a child. He also knew about Lascar’s life, Zephillia had told him everything she knew since Lascar would only share things with her. It wasn’t that Lascar was embarrassed nor was he ashamed, he just didn’t wish to share his life story with anyone but her so Zephillia did it for him. She didn’t see this as a betrayal of trust, Lascar knew she talked to Narsol about everything. It wasn’t like he was hiding it, he just didn’t feel like talking to anyone but her.
“You going to see your family this week?” Zephillia asked curiously. She always tried to get Narsol to talk. She liked him and wanted to know more about him but as usual Narsol was evasive with his answers.
“I’m going back home to see some loved ones. A short visit, most of the week will be spent traveling to and from home.” Narsol said then shifted his eyes to Lascar. “Today I want you to try to conjure a ball. Just a simple ball of energy. Nothing fancy, nothing taxing.”
Narsol put his hands out and soon energy swirled around and a small globe formed above his hands.
“That does not seem too hard,” Lascar said then put his hands in position like Narsol’s.
“Shut your eyes,” Narsol said and Lascar shut his eyes. “Feel the energy flowing into your hands. Zephillia can you put your hand on his arm please?” Narsol asked.
Zephillia nodded then placed her hand on Lascar’s forearm. 
“Do you feel that?” Narsol asked.
“I can feel her hand, yes.” Lascar smiled.
“Now open your eyes,” Narsol instructed.
Lascar opened his eyes and saw a very small light floating above his hands. It wasn’t very impressive in size but the fact that he had summoned it filled Zephillia with excitement.
“You did it!” Zephillia cheered.
“Actually you both did it.” Narsol stood up and walked over to the table. “I’ve noticed something strange the last few sessions that I never picked up on before. It’s you.” Narsol looked at Zephillia.
“Me?” Zephillia asked.
“Yes,” Narsol said rummaging through some books on the table. “Lascar needs to remember how he felt when you touched his arm. That is how he will learn to use magic.”
Lascar looked at Narsol inquisitively.
“So, she gives me power?” Lascar asked confused.
“No, she gives you control,” Narsol said sternly. “You have the power but not the control to use it. When she touches you, you want to control it so that you don’t hurt her, right?”
“Yes,” Lascar replied.
“That’s the trick for you. Pretend every time you use magic that you need to control it so that she doesn’t get hurt. This time try it without her touching you.” Narsol ordered.
Lascar shut his eyes and tried to recreate the feeling.
“You did it! You really did it!” Zephillia cheered.
Lascar opened his eyes and saw the larger orb of energy floating in his hand.
“You could have told me this weeks ago,” Lascar said sarcastically.
“If only I would have known,” Narsol replied. “I’ve never seen anything like it. You are both very unique.” Narsol tossed some books into a bag and put it over his shoulder. “That will have to be it for today. I have to get going if I want to make it back here by next week”
“Well, at least we are taking a break after some major progress,” Zephillia stated, full of excitement.
“Yes, I’m very pleased. For the first time in weeks I can see a light at the end of the tunnel,” Narsol agreed.
Lascar didn’t say a word but his expression let them know he was also pleased with their progress.
“You two doing anything special?” Narsol asked as he made his way to the steps.
“No.” Zephillia sounded a little disappointed. “We’re just going to practice.”
“Well, I was not going to bring it up but since you sound so depressed about it. I wanted it to be a surprised but, yes, we are doing something special.” Lascar smiled widely and Zephillia’s face lit up.
“What are we doing? Where are we going?” Zephillia asked excitedly.
“Surprise, remember?” Lascar smirked.
“Well…” Zephillia said and put her finger to her chin. “What should I bring? Fancy clothes? My hunter’s uniform? What kind of things will I need?” Zephillia was trying to get hints but Lascar was ten steps ahead of her.
“When I excused myself to use the bathroom and I was gone for a while?” Lascar looked at Zephillia waiting for an answer.
Zephillia nodded excitedly.
“I packed your clothes. I have some money saved up and we are going on a trip.” Lascar smiled at her deviously. “So no hints. Everything you need is packed already.”
“Fine, but it better be a good surprise.” Zephillia tried to look cross but she couldn’t hide her smile. It didn’t matter where they went. Lascar had taken the time to plan something. That was what mattered. Where ever they went she would be with him.
“Have fun you two,” Narsol said from the top of the steps then left.
“Where we’re going will we have time to practice?” Zephillia smiled seductively.
“Yes, a lot of time to practice,” Lascar replied then put his arm around her waist and ushered her up the stairs.

Chapter 10
King Lucian walked through the desert night. He carried a large bag over his shoulder full of supplies and a torch out in front of him. It wasn’t safe to travel during the day, not even for him. The high temperatures would soon drain his body of water. The desert had no name other than ‘The Desert’. No one came here so no one had really bothered to name it. It was inhospitable, to say the least, and was stalked by vicious creatures that had adapted to its harsh conditions.
Lucian froze when he heard the sand beside him shifting. The main problem with traveling at night was sand crawlers, as they were called by the few people to have actually braved this barren land. Though no one had ever seen a live one, a few explorers had come across some dead ones, whose bodies had survived long enough for examination. These creatures were some mixture of between scorpion and spider and very large. A full grown sand crawler was as long as a man is tall. Sand crawlers had the pincers of a scorpion and the face of a spider, complete with large fangs. Their legs were long and spindly like a spiders but they had no tail like a scorpion. The oddest thing about them was a long tube coming from their head that they used to breathe while lying under the sand waiting for prey.
The sand beside Lucian exploded and a rather large sand crawler burst to the surface. The sand crawler felt around then froze. Apparently it was mostly blind, which made sense. It didn’t have much use for eyesight, spending most of its life under the sand. Lucian tried to slow his breathing, he didn’t want to make a single sound. The sand in front of him started shifting, another sand crawler was coming. In the dim light from his torch he could see some rocks about one to two hundred feet away.
The sand crawler beside him skittered toward the shifting sand and soon a second sand crawler burst to the surface. This one was slightly smaller but stood tall on its legs. The first raised itself up and lunged at the second. The two creatures tumbled as they snapped their pincers at each other and Lucian took off toward the rocks.
As Lucian drew closer, he noticed that it wasn’t rocks it was just one rock, a very large rock. This rock was large enough that he might escape the creatures chasing him. He desperately hoped they couldn’t climb this rock. When he was halfway there, he noticed that the rock wasn’t actually a rock. It was moving. The rock was, in fact, a large lizard creature. It almost looked like a giant turtle with no shell. It was a gentle looking creature so Lucian felt that it was worth the risk.
Lucian lept on top of the enormous animal and watched as the sand crawlers approached. They had apparently decided that food was more important than a territorial conflict. Then, just as the sand crawlers were about to reach the enormous lizard they stopped. Both of them sat there feeling the ground and as the enormous lizard put a foot down they ran away quickly. The lizard creature wasn’t moving fast but when its feet hit the sand it sent out a large thud. This creature must have weighed as much as five maybe ten horses. It was no wonder the sand crawlers ran from it. One misstep and they would be flattened by its gigantic feet.
Lucian started to get tired as the sun came up. The creature was, luckily, walking in the right direction. He hoped that it would take him quite a ways before the day got too hot to bare. The giant animal let out a low sound that almost sounded like the moo of a cow and in the distance Lucian heard the reply. There must have been at least five others mooing back, each with a slightly different pitch. Lucian needed sleep. His eyes involuntarily closed as the giant creatures strides rocked him to sleep.
When Lucian awoke he could see what he had come for. In the distance a glint of steel caught his eye in the waning sunlight. He was back to where it all started. Back then it hadn’t been a desert. This land had been lush and green, just like the Xanthan forest. On the day of the crash the green, fertile land turned into this horrible desert. The machine responsible for his eternal life, as well as the deformities known as draelic and xeltheen, had killed this forest and made it nearly uninhabitable in its efforts to save the humans that crashed here.
The large lizard creature walked slowly toward the crashed ship and Lucian decided to save his strength and continue to let it carry him. When the giant leathery beast reached the edge of the downed ship it hid in the shade that the large structure was giving off. Lucian saw several others of these creatures also resting in the shade.
Lucian dismounted the beast and thanked the creator. What were the chances that one of these creatures was heading exactly where he wanted to go? This great beast had saved him from the sand crawlers and taken him to the ship where he was to start his search for Faamyn’s mother.
During his torture sessions with Faamyn he had learned a lot about the mage but never how to kill her. She kept that piece of information hidden from him but she had spilled information like a faucet about anything else Lucian wanted to know. When she cooperated and told Lucian what he wanted to know he would stop causing her pain, it was his way to slowly break her down. In one of these sessions he learned about Faamyn and a guardian called The Master. They had chased Faamyn’s mother to the spot where his ship had crashed. The Master quickly retreated but Faamyn saw an opportunity in the humans. She used them as a source of power and eventually hatched a plan to ingratiate herself to Lucian, become his trusted friend, so that on the day he needed a baby she was ready to offer herself. Faamyn had originally planned to marry Lucian but the soon-to-be king was not interested in romance or just wasn’t interested in her. When Lucian finally found a wife Faamyn made sure that the new queen was infertile using potions that she snuck into the queen’s food and drink. That way Lucian would lean on his old friend to give him a child secretly.
Sol, Faamyn’s mother, was hiding out in the desert somewhere with a powerful artifact. This artifact, which Faamyn referred to as a key, would protect its owner from magic. Lucian had failed to find a way to remove Lascar’s powers but this key would protect him from his son.
Lucian stared out at the barren landscape once he had climbed on top of the wrecked ship. There was only one small set of rocks for miles. This must be the place. Lucian slid down the side of the ship and hit the sand. As he got closer to the rocks he noticed a small hole at the base of them. It was just large enough that he might squeeze in. Some creature, a strange black thing, had just scurried inside the hole.
Once Lucian was inside he lit his torch again. The cave was much larger than it appeared outside. It looked like it had been constructed to serve as a house. It went under the sand quite a ways and he was able to stand up once he got through the narrow entrance. On the walls were many small holes with trinkets, some of them he recognized as coming from his ship, but no Sol.
“I know you,” a voice hissed out of nowhere.
“Who’s there?” Lucian demanded.
“You came down in the space craft,” the voice hissed.
“Yes,” Lucian replied.
To his astonishment a figure appeared beside him. It was large and it was hideous. Lucian drew his sword and the creature backed away.
It was over seven feet high and very thin. It’s black, almost liquid looking skin, stretched tightly over a skeletal frame. The claws at its fingertips were like small, thin daggers and the hundreds of teeth in its mouth looked just as deadly. Where there should have been eyes there were only deep sockets. If he had been superstitious he would have thought it was a wraith but the king had done his homework. He knew what guardians looked like, the reality of this one’s appearance had just thrown him off guard.
“I’m Sol,” the creature said. Although it struggled to pronounce words in Tyrillian it did seem to have a good grasp of the language.
“I’m Lucian,” the king said as he sheathed his sword.
“Why are you here?” Sol asked.
“Your daughter, Faamyn, tricked me into having a child with her,” Lucian started.
“You brought my daughter?” Sol asked frantically as she searched the cave.
“No. This is about my son,” Lucian stated. “Lascar is out of control. He will be the death of us all.”
“Yes, my offspring have great power,” Sol said, full of pride.
“You don’t understand. He is like your daughter. He will destroy everyone,” Lucian explained.
“That is a problem,” the guardian replied.
“I heard that you have an artifact to protect yourself,” the king said, trying to get to the point. He didn’t want to be in this desert any longer than he had to and he especially wanted out of this cave. The creature before him was both terrifying and disgusting.
“It’s mine! You can’t have it!” Sol shouted then disappeared again.
“I just want to know where to find more. I need one of my own,” Lucian lied. He actually meant to steal the one from Sol. This disgusting creature needed to die.
Out of the corner of his eye he noticed something moving. Apparently being invisible didn’t stop her from disrupting the sand.
“There is one near. The machine whispers to me. It wants you to have one of the keys. There is a town not far from your castle. There the leader of the town hordes it but does not know how to use it,” Sol’s voice said from where Lucian noticed the footprints.
“What town? Who is the leader? I need to find it or Lascar will kill us all,” Lucian waited patiently. Two keys would be better than one key.
“The town is called Sarha. The man is Dresel,”Sol hissed, still invisible.
She saw Lucian’s hand ease its way to his sword once again.
“I know Dresel, I’ll have to pay him a visit,” Lucian said then lashed out to the spot where he thought Sol was.
Lucian’s sword hit the wall of the cavern and he heard a sound like rushing wind.
“Do you take me for a fool?! Men like you have tried to steal my key many times! My husband hunts me, my daughter hunts me! I have stayed alive this long! Do you think me defenseless?!” Sol shouted.
Sol appeared behind Lucian and dug her claws into his shoulders then threw him at the entrance.
“I will let you live to fight this Lascar and my daughter. If you ever return, you will die!” Sol hissed then disappeared again.
Lucian crawled out of the small cave and made his way back to the crashed ship. He was not prepared for this fight and now he was hurt. There was no way he was going to win but he did get what he came for. Dresel didn’t know how to use the key or simply couldn’t. Lucian would offer him some gold for it but if he refused, Dresel would die. By the time he got back to Tyrillia he would be healed. Even though he didn’t heal in minutes like his son, he was far from normal.

Chapter 11
The panther crept up to the house sniffing the air. Whatever they were cooking smelled absolutely delicious. He caught a hint of squirrel, carrots and some spices that were well blended. He crouched down and snuck toward the door. Suddenly a boy lept on his back and the panther took off at a sprint.
“I caught him, Kae!” the boy shouted. The boy had dirty blond hair and a fine stubble on his face. He was tall and muscular.
“No fair!” a pretty, black haired girl shouted from around the side of the house. The girl’s long curly black hair streamed down her back. She had a kind face and a short, womanly figure.
The panther quickly shifted and soon a large man tumbled over the boy and pinned him to the ground.
“No, I caught you,” Gromthule laughed.
Kaelestra lept on her father’s back, looking even smaller as she crawled up on his enormous shoulders.
“I win!” she shouted, raising her hands in the air.
“When are you going to teach us how to shift, dad?” Drosal asked.
“When you’re older,” Gromthule scolded.
“I’m seventeen,” Drosal said.
“Me too!” Kaelestra yelled and slid down her father’s back.
“I know how old you are. I haven’t been gone that long,” Gromthule said sadly. His mission kept him away from his children for months on end. He regretted it but it needed to be done.
“Turn into him. I wanna see it,” Kaelestra giggled
“Why do you always make me do this?” Gromthule laughed.
“Dad, why do you have to be gone so much?” Drosal asked.
Gromthule shifted into Narsol and stood there with his arms crossed. He intentionally ignored his son’s question.
“Happy?” Narsol asked with Gromthule’s voice.
“Why does he have to be so ugly?” Kaelestra asked, wrinkling her nose.
“Because nobody looks at me when I’m Narsol. I can get my work done without anyone even noticing me.” Gromthule shifted back into himself and saw the look on his daughters face.
She was clenching her teeth and her brow was full of wrinkles. Her eyes were shut, her nose shriveled up and she looked like she was in pain. Suddenly her skin turned bright orange and her face started to look like an elderly human woman’s.
“Kaelestra!” Gromthule shouted. “When did you learn to do that?!”
Kaelestra relaxed and her body quickly returned to normal.
“I’ve been practicing,” the small girl grinned. She was so small next to the enormous druid but he could see that his daughter was becoming a woman. It wouldn’t be long before boys would come around, vying for her affections.
“You can turn into a person?” Drosal gasped. “No fair!”
Drosal punched his sister in the arm and she slapped him back.
“Quit fighting. I’ll teach you. I guess you’re almost old enough. While I’m on vacation, I’ll have to start.” Gromthule put his hand on his forehead and started back toward the house. “Druids are learning younger and younger. You know you should be at least thirty before you start!” Gromthule yelled over his shoulder.
Gromthule looked at the ground. He was missing out on his children growing up. Kaelestra was becoming a woman and looking more and more like his late wife. Drosal was no longer the spindly young boy, he had grown strong and reminded Gromthule of his father. They were growing so fast, maybe he should give up and just stay with them?
When they entered the house Gromthule saw Kaelestra walk over to the stew pot and stir the wondrous meal she had prepared. He thought of his dead wife and the anger filled him. Lucian had taken his wife! He would not be allowed to get away with it! His new student, Lascar, would be able to kill Lucian eventually. The revenge of turning the man’s son against him filled Gromthule with satisfaction.
“Why can’t you stay, dad?” Drosal asked again. This time Gromthule looked at him with anger in his eyes.
“Because the man who killed your mother needs to face justice,” Gromthule said a little too cruelly.
“Can I help?” Drosal asked. “You could teach me to shift. I could be your…student?”
“No, son, you have to take care of your sister. You two need to stay out of this. I can’t lose you too,” Gromthule said feeling regret.
“I cook, I clean, I’m the one taking care of Drosal,” Kaelestra protested.
“Hey, I hunt,” Drosal countered then realized how feeble it sounded. “And stuff…”
“Yeah, you go ten miles to the next house and ogle the neighbor’s daughters while they take baths in the lake. Yeah, dad, that’s why he wants to learn how to shift. He wants to get closer,” Kaelestra giggled.
Drosal threw his spoon at her but Kaelestra ducked. The spoon clanged against the wall and fell right into the dish water.
Gromthule realized how old his children were getting. He didn’t have many years left. They would be finding mates and moving out soon. He promised himself that if Lascar couldn’t defeat Lucian that Narsol would die with his failure. He would spend the rest of their childhood right here with them. He would give up on his quest for revenge and raise his children.
“Ok,” Gromthule started. He looked excited and held his hands out towards Drosal. “Kae has the right idea. It takes a lot of concentration. You picture in your mind what you want to look like and then…Gromthule didn’t quite know how to phrase it. It was more of a feeling than an action. “You just…feel like the thing you want to be.”
“How do I feel like a panther?” Drosal asked, clearly confused.
“It’s very hard to explain,” Gromthule said then looked at Kaelestra. “Help me out here. You figured it out yourself. How do you explain the feeling?”
“I don’t know,” Kaelestra shrugged. “You just feel it.”
Drosal looked depressed, he had no idea how to feel like a panther.
“Don’t worry son,” Gromthule consoled him. “Your mother couldn’t shift. You have magic.”
Drosal’s face lit up.
“Watch what I learned to do!” Drosal exclaimed and stood up.
Drosal raised his hands and all the dishes on the table floated. Then he slowly moved his hands away from his body and the dishes floated toward the sink.
“Hey, we haven’t eaten yet,” Kaelestra complained. “And where was this ability when it was time to clean up before dad came home?” Kaelestra crossed her arms and looked sternly at Drosal.
Drosal moved his hand back toward himself and the dishes were clumsily placed back on the table.
“That was impressive,” Gromthule praised. “You take after your mother.” Gromthule was quiet and his children looked down at their feet. They knew that their father’s silence was his way to avoid talking about their dead mother.
“So, how much longer?” Kaelestra finally broke the silence in the kitchen.
“How much longer?” Gromthule asked, ripped from his torturous memories of his wife’s death.
“When can you come home? For good,” Kaelestra answered.
“Soon, I hope. Lucian’s son is turning out to be quite the mage,” Gromthule said beaming with pride. Drosal looked sad and quickly his father added. “He’s not quite like you, though. I have to spend hours teaching him. You’re a natural.”
“I’m a druid.” Drosal announced with pride.
“Yes, and never let anyone take that from you,” Gromthule said, rustling the hair on his son’s head.
“I’ve been learning some magic too,” Kaelestra said, trying to grab a small piece of her father’s affection.
“Oh? Let’s see,” Gromthule smiled.
Kaelestra concentrated and shut her eyes. Soon a small orb of energy formed in her hands. Gromthule was truly shocked. While his son had learned to move objects, a beginner’s talent, his daughter had learned a master mage skill. The conjuring of energy orbs was one of the last lessons a mage would learn before moving on to energy beams, the real magic of battle mages. The pride he had for his daughter he buried. He couldn’t show favoritism and his son needed something. Drosal couldn’t shift, he needed to think he was good at magic.
“You need to hold your hands a little differently,” Gromthule said and walked over to his daughter. In her ear he whispered kindly. “Let your brother have this one. If you beat him at everything he will give up.”
“Dang it! I can’t get it. Sorry, father,” Kaelestra said feigning frustration as she turned to grab the soup. Gromthule caught the wink she slipped him and he was even more impressed with her. Not only was she kind and caring, she was selfless. She had no problem letting her brother win. She reminded him so much of his late wife that tears formed in his eyes.
Gromthule casually wiped the tears from the corners of his eyes as he sat back down to eat.
“Hope you like the soup. I found some good vegetables but Drosal got three squirrels! We’re set for a week!” Kaelestra said patting her brother on the back. Gromthule looked up at her, behind her brother, and almost started to cry again. How could he leave these perfect children? He desperately wanted to stay. Then the light caught Kaelestra just right as she turned to sit and Gromthule was reminded of his dead wife. No, Lucian had to pay first, only then could he come home and truly be at peace.

Chapter 12
Lascar carefully guided the blindfolded Zephillia to the carriage he had rented. He kept his hand on her shirt sleeve, careful not to touch her skin. Although Zephillia had built up quite a tolerance for his magic lately, his emotions were all over the place today. He wasn’t sure which emotions caused him to overload her and he didn’t want to take the chance. There were too many other students walking around. It seemed every student in the academy was on their way out and they were all leaving right this minute.
“Step up,” Lascar said while boosting Zephillia.
Many female students walked by and looked longingly. They wished that someone would take the time to plan something half as nice for them. Many wanted Lascar but most just wanted to be Zephillia, just for a day.
Lascar lifted Zephillia’s blindfold and she looked confused.
“A carriage ride? You blindfolded me for a carriage ride?” Zephillia sounded disappointed.
“No, I just thought you would object to wearing the blindfold for a whole day’s ride,” Lascar smirked. Zephillia’s lack of enthusiasm hadn’t dampened his spirits a bit.
“Oh? So not just a carriage ride. A carriage ride to someplace special?” Zephillia prodded. Her excitement was returning.
“No, hints,” Lascar grinned. “Ok, one hint. Remember that inn I told you about. The one I stayed in on the way here.”
“You’re taking me to an inn?!” Zephillia’s excitement rose sharply. Alone time with Lascar was exactly what she wanted.
“Not that inn. There is a better one, a day’s ride from here.” Lascar pointed to the north. “There is even a restaurant nearby. I stayed there once. Actually, a couple days before I met you for the first time. It is very fancy. Not quite what you deserve, but as good as I could do with only a week.”
Zephillia nuzzled her head against his shoulder as Lascar prodded the horses into action. She hadn’t expected something so extravagant. She felt guilty for her earlier disappointment. Even a carriage ride would have given her some alone time, but no, Lascar had gone all out. He treated her like a queen, his queen. She had better start treating him like a king or he might find someone more appreciative.
“It doesn’t matter. I’ll be with you. We could park the carriage in the country side and I’d still have you.” Zephillia felt relief. She couldn’t show him her affection, at least not yet, but she could at least let him know how important he was to her.
“Oh no, my queen deserves the best the world has to offer. If we had more time there is this place on the coast that I visited once. It has the best seafood I have ever eaten.” Lascar looked down at her apologetically. “That would take us three weeks. So, sadly it will have to wait for summer break.”
“Sounds, amazing. Please, don’t apologize, this is perfect.” Zephillia squeezed his arm tighter and noticed Lascar’s smile. She needed to keep at it. He was perfect for her, she couldn’t screw this up. She doubted that there ever was nor would there ever be another man like Lascar.
They traveled for most of the day and a little after sundown they finally arrived at the inn. Lascar took care of the carriage while he dropped Zephillia off at the front door.
“Have someone get your bags. We are paying for service,” Lascar grinned as he drove the carriage around to the back of the inn.
Zephillia walked into the fancy inn lobby and marveled at the beauty. There were lace curtains and pristine, cushioned chairs all over the lobby area. A few patrons gave her a funny look but she was far to overwhelmed to notice. Even the carpets on the floor were immaculate. Being the queen’s sister she was used to some pampering but it had been nothing like this. This was truly an inn for nobles and royalty. If this was Lascar’s second choice, what would his first have looked like? From the marble decorations down to the hand crafted tables, everything in this place was made for nobility.
Zephillia slowly made her way to the desk while taking in every inch of the place. She put her hand bag on the counter and waited for the man on the other side to finish with his papers.
“Can I help you?” the man asked kindly without looking up.
“My fiancé dropped me and our bags off on the front steps. Can I get someone to take them to our room?” Zephillia asked kindly.
The desk clerk looked up from his papers and was shocked.
“I’m sorry, but we don’t serve your kind here. You will need to find another hotel. There is a stable around the corner. Maybe they would accept you there. Just don’t mess with the horses.” What had started sounding like a kind refusal had quickly turned to mockery and hatred.
Zephillia couldn’t move she was so furious. She clenched her fists and tried not to let her urges get the better of her. She was going to have the perfect week with Lascar, she wasn’t going to mess it up by killing people in the hotel he had booked for them. She heard the people laughing behind her then she heard a few gasps and turned to see Lascar walk in the door.
Lascar calmly walked up to the desk clerk and waited for the clerk to speak. He had heard the whole conversation from outside but wanted to give the man more rope to hang himself with. He had learned a lot from Zephillia. Striking quickly was rarely as satisfying as waiting patiently for the bigger payout and this desk clerk did not disappoint.
“I’m sorry, my prince. I will have this draelic escorted out immediately.” the clerk pushed the word draelic out of his mouth like it offended him to even say it. Several of the guests in the lobby giggled.
Zephillia’s anger left and she looked down, full of shame. She was embarrassing Lascar. She should never have come here. She could never be what Lascar deserved.
Lascar noticed Zephillia’s expression and put his hand under her chin. He spoke to the clerk while smiling at his beautiful fiancé.
“I think you owe my fiancé an apology.” Lascar didn’t take his eyes off Zephillia. He noticed the glint of red in her eyes and let go of her chin. He was getting good at hiding his anger but he was still feeling it and now so was Zephillia.
“Your…what? What do you mean?” the clerk scrambled.
“If you wish to keep your hotel and your head. I SUGGEST YOU APPOLOGIZE TO MY FIANCE!!!” Lascar let his anger loose and turned to the desk clerk. He pulled the desk clerk over the counter and threw him at Zephillia’s feet. “APPOLOGIZE!”
Zephillia put her hands on Lascar’s face and turned it to hers.
“Don’t let it bother you too much,” Zephillia tried to act upset but her smile slipped out. Lascar smiled back. He knew that she was worried about his eyes but with her help he had gotten some control. Rarely did his red eyes slip out when he didn’t want them to any longer. Then Lascar turned to address the room.
“This town resides in Tyrillia? Am I mistaken in thinking that I am still the prince of Tyrillia?!” Lascar walked by the desk clerk who was groveling at Zephillia’s feet.
All the guests quickly got to their knees and mumbled pleas for forgiveness.
“That is better. Now, I would like to humbly introduce my future wife, Zephillia.” Lascar got on one knee in front of Zephillia, pushing the groveling clerk out of the way. The beautiful draelic girl was the only one standing in a room full of humans. She had never had this kind of attention. The lengths Lascar would go to for her was beyond anything she had ever hoped. She needed to build up her tolerance faster. This man deserved a wife that could perform her wifely duties. Not to mention the fact that she had never wanted anyone this much. If she hadn’t been afraid of dying she would have ripped his clothes off and had him right here, in front of everyone. Lascar deserved so much more than she was able to give.
Lascar got to his feet and waved his hand. Everyone got back to their seats and the clerk quickly found people to carry in their bags. As they were walking to their room Zephillia got many compliments and several people referring to her as ‘Princess Zephillia’. She had never felt so good. Lascar had made her feel important. He had made her feel wanted. She just hoped that she could make him as happy as he made her.
Once they were in their room and all their bags had been delivered Lascar fell backward on the bed and laughed.
“Did you see their faces?!” Lascar exclaimed.
“Are you sure this is what you want?” Zephillia asked. She felt like he had given her everything and she didn’t deserve it. She couldn’t give him the kind of adulation that he had just given her. She couldn’t even have sex with him to show him how much she appreciated him. She couldn’t give him anything.
“What do you mean?” Lascar asked as he sat up abruptly.
“Me. Are you sure you really want me? This will not be the last time this happens. Even in Norzen. I’m blue.” Zephillia stared at Lascar hoping he would refute her argument but she expected the worst.
“Are you serious?!” Lascar asked, hurt that she would even talk this way.
“Yes,” Zephillia replied sadly. “I’m…”
Lascar lept to his feet and grabbed Zephillia’s face tenderly.
“If you…” Lascar started but Zephillia cut him off.
“I’m not worth it,” Zephillia finished.
Lascar leaned in and kissed Zephillia quickly on the lips.
“Zephillia, you have not been paying attention.” Lascar kissed her again, more passionately. “You are worth a hundred, no a thousand of them. You are everything I have always wanted. Every night I wonder how I got so lucky. How, despite all probability, that I was at that inn on that night. How completely random it was that I ever met you. How could you even think that I would not want you? I spend every minute thinking about how to please you. Every second I agonize over my decisions. Will she like this? Will this make her happy? I am the one that is not good enough for you.”
Zephillia took a step back and stared at him.
“Did I say something wrong?” Lascar asked, worried that he had upset her.
“No,” Zephillia said as she removed her shirt.
This was the second time in Lascar’s life that he was completely speechless. He couldn’t find words to express his thoughts. Lascar lost control of his emotions. His eyes lit the room then Zephillia’s eyes lit up to match.
“Tonight!” Zephillia said forcefully and Lascar just stared while she finished undressing. He wanted to protest, tell her it wasn’t safe but the words wouldn’t come out. He knew the words, he said them in his head but his mouth wouldn’t cooperate. All he could do was gaze upon the beautiful woman in front of him and hope he was worthy of her.
“I can feel your passion from here! This is going to be incredible!” Zephillia exclaimed as she pushed Lascar back on the bed. He let himself fall, she was in charge. He was far too mesmerized by her gorgeous body to protest.
The inn was filled with screams of passion that night but no one dared knock on the door of the master suite. No one had enough courage to complain to the desk clerk. Not that the clerk would have dared to say anything. The screams continued until well after midnight and then an eerie calm came over the inn.
In the morning Lascar woke and Zephillia’s beautiful, naked body was lying across his chest. He traced a finger across one of her horns and thought about the night before. Never had he been with a woman like her. It wasn’t just the amazing sex. It was her. He felt completely at peace when she was there. He didn’t worry about what his father might think. He didn’t feel anger for what his father hadn’t been to him. All he felt was calm. To him, she was paradise.
Zephillia stirred on his chest and he moved his finger from her horn.
“That tickles,” Zephillia giggled.
“I did not realize you could feel that,” Lascar smiled down at her.
Zephillia opened her eyes and they were bright red. More red than Lascar had ever seen them. They looked like two balls of fire ready to explode from her head.
“They are very sensitive, truth be told.” Zephillia smiled up at him. She looked very powerful.
“Are you ok?” Lascar asked.
“I’m wonderful,” Zephillia purred then nuzzled against his chest.
“Your eyes are very red,” Lascar said, concerned.
“I didn’t pass out. I didn’t even get light headed. Well, I did but that was for another reason.” Zephillia looked up at him seductively. “I told you I could build up a tolerance.” Zephillia kissed Lascar’s chest.
Lascar slid out of bed and stood beside it. Zephillia either looked offended or disappointed, Lascar couldn’t decide which, maybe both.
“Do not take this the wrong way but we need to slow down. If you keep looking at me like that I am not going to get to take you to breakfast.” Lascar grinned from ear to ear.
“So, you’re saying you don’t want a repeat performance?” Zephillia asked seductively.
“Oh, no, I am not saying that!” Lascar smirked. “We just need to let your eyes get back to normal so we can get some food. Besides, I want to show off my fiancé to all the nobles.” Lascar’s smirk turned devious.
“Oh, I see. One and done. Is that it?” Zephillia joked.
“No, and that would be five and done,” Lascar smiled. He knew she was just kidding.
“You have a point,” Zephillia said as she jumped out of bed. Lascar stared at her perfect body as she walked to the bathroom. “Do you think they can bring up some hot water? I would love a bath.”
“That is the best part of this hotel.” Lascar was excited. He hadn’t even gotten to show off how fancy the hotel was. “Look at this!”
Lascar pulled on a chain with a red handle and steaming hot water came out of the tub faucet until he let go.
“How?!” Zephillia couldn’t believe what she was seeing.
“They have a big tub upstairs that they keep hot. All you have to do is pull the red chain and the hot water comes down. This is the second most expensive hotel in Tyrillia for a reason,” Lascar beamed.
Zephillia looked at Lascar lustfully.
“You sure you don’t want to skip breakfast?” Zephillia stepped into the tub and pulled the hot and cold chains at the same time. “We could share a bath?”
As tempted as Lascar was he didn’t want to push it. He had the perfect woman, he was not going to hurt her. Also, he really wanted to show off how perfect his fiancé was.
“Remember what Narsol said. Slowly. We have all week. And besides, I really want to show you off.” Lascar grinned and walked out.
Zephillia sunk into the warm bath and shut her eyes. She hoped this week would never end. Lascar’s doting and compliments were never ending, and the sex. She had never experienced anything like it. Lascar’s sheer power flowing into her while she could almost feel his emotions. She had been right, there never would be anyone quite like him, not for her.

Chapter 13
Lascar walked down the steps at the inn and watched his beautiful fiancé in the dress he had picked out for her. It was gray with white trim and fit her figure like a glove. It may have not been as tight and revealing as draelic dresses were but it would be considered almost trashy by the standards of the nobles and that was exactly what he wanted. He had been nervous about it until she nearly hyperventilated upon seeing it. He had gotten Narsol to help him size it by surreptitiously having Narsol take her measurements while they were practicing magic. The old, green fool had been more than happy to help plan the perfect getaway for the two of them. In a way, Lascar thought that Narsol saw Zephillia as a surrogate daughter of sorts. He doted on her and let her get away with things a normal student would never have been allowed to do. The man had been nearly as excited planning it as Zephillia had been to receive it. Lascar was surprised that old man was able to keep the secret as long as he did.
When they walked by the front desk Lascar tossed a gold coin to the desk clerk.
“Can you get a stronger bed?” Lascar grinned. “I think we broke that one.”
The clerk simply nodded and sent for someone to find a stronger bed.
The sun had only been up for an hour and when they stepped outside Zephillia got a chill. Lascar took off his suit coat and wrapped it around her. Zephillia stared at him curiously.
“You don’t feel temperature at all do you?” Zephillia asked.
Lascar smiled and led Zephillia in the direction of the restaurant.
“You just now noticed?” Lascar laughed.
“I thought the fire was because of magic, but it’s not is it?” Zephillia asked.
“Nope, I am not draining magic from it. I just cannot seem to get that one. And I do feel temperature, just not like you do. I can tell the difference between hot and cold but neither is uncomfortable to me.” Lascar put his arm around Zephillia’s shoulders and she smiled at him.
In front of them was a large building that looked like it used to be a barn. The large doors were wide open and inside there were several tables with patrons sitting at them. Waiters sped from table to table clearing plates or bringing food.
“A barn?” Zephillia asked.
“It is sort of a theme restaurant. Nobles are into some strange things, but the food is amazing.” Lascar radiated happiness. He was glad to be showing Zephillia new things and showing her off at the same time. He was certain that every man in the place would be jealous of him. Draelic or not, Zephillia was the most beautiful woman in this town or any other.
Zephillia and Lascar enjoyed their breakfast and were treated like the royalty they were. Being on Lascar’s arm protected her from the snide remarks. No one would dare say anything to her after what happened at the hotel the night before. The couple spent time wandering the town and had lunch at a small store before Lascar continued Zephillia’s tour. By the evening both of them were ready to head back to the room for another night of passion until Zephillia saw a bar that peeked her interest. She had never seen a bar like this. The music coming from it was different than where she came from and everyone seemed to be laughing and joking.
“Let’s have a drink. I’ve never seen you drunk before,” Zephillia said playfully.
“Well, you are going to be disappointed then. I cannot get drunk.” Lascar almost looked depressed at the admission. He desperately wanted to make Zephillia happy. Even the slightest thing that he was unable to give her made him disappointed with himself.
“Really?” Zephillia asked curiously.
“Yes, it tastes bad and then I get nothing out of it. Something about my body. Like with the temperature. My body constantly defends me from things it thinks are harmful and alcohol is technically harmful.” Lascar sounded sad.
“Well, you’ve never seen me drunk,” Zephillia winked seductively.
“True,” Lascar said raising one eyebrow. “I bet you are cute.”
“I wouldn’t say cute.” Zephillia’s sexy, playful look told Lascar all he needed to know. They were going to that bar.
“Let me go make sure they have the new bed installed. I will be back in about five minutes.” Lascar started walking toward the hotel.
“It better be a strong one. With a few drinks I might make it longer than five.” Zephillia winked and Lascar picked up the pace.
Zephillia walked into the bar and was pleased with its cleanliness and lighting. This was not a peasant’s bar, no, this was a bar frequented by nobles. The musicians on the stage dressed in clean, appropriate attire and the waitresses all had full length dresses. They still had plenty of cleavage showing but at least they weren’t walking around in what could be considered underwear. Being draelic she didn’t mind seductive but the waitresses in peasant bars were walking advertisements for paid sex. The little clothing they did wear was see-through or so tight that they might as well be walking around naked. She missed draelic bars where men walked around shirtless but had the decency to wear pants. There was a fine line between seductive and overtly advertising that you could buy sex in the back room for five silvers. This bar hit the seductive nail on the head and she was happy she had talked Lascar into coming.
Zephillia walked up to an empty table that was spotless. It had four chairs but there was no table free that only had two so she sat down. Soon a waitress came over and politely took her order for a Tyrillian fizz, a very girly drink, but it was ok. Zephillia was in a very girly mood. She had just spent the day with the man she wanted to marry and, in one afternoon, he had paid her more compliments than she had ever gotten in her life. She was feeling pampered and very feminine. She didn’t get to feel like this often, she was going to make the most of it.
Soon two very drunk men came over and leaned on her table. Each of them brought a Tyrillian fizz and set it in front of her. The two men were clearly not nobles. They had rough skin, beards and smelled of manure. These were apparently the stable hands for the inn they were staying at. They were larger men and moderately attractive, had she not met Lascar she probably would have given them a chance but that was not going to happen, especially not tonight.
“I thank you, but I’m waiting on my fiancé,” Zephillia politely told them.
“If e’s not ere, den he mus not be dat inneresed,” the blonde one stuttered.
“C’mon, Dan. Don’t go hoggin her all to youself,” the dark haired one said, clearly not as drunk as the first.
Lascar walked into the bar and quickly found Zephillia. He saw the men on either side of her and jealousy filled him. Zephillia looked like she was flirting with them. He listened as he made his way through the crowded bar room.
“You boys are cute but…” Was all Lascar heard. The rest was overshadowed by his rage.
Zephillia’s face lit up as Lascar approached the table. Then she saw his expression.
“What is going on here?” Lascar asked, staring at Zephillia.
Zephillia’s rage soon outshined Lascar’s.
“Oh, you better not be thinking what I think you’re thinking!” Zephillia’s voice rose above the music.
Lascar’s anger left and he felt as though he had betrayed her. He felt small and insignificant in her gaze.
“I am…” Lascar started to apologize but realized that it would only make her more upset with him. “I think I made a mistake.”
“You most certainly did!” Zephillia’s voice was getting quieter but not by much.
“Somedy’s gots a leasssh,” the blonde one laughed and slurred.
Lascar’s anger returned and his eyes showed a hint of red. Zephillia quickly slid around the blonde one and put her hands on Lascar’s face to get his attention.
“I would never even look at another man.” Zephillia was still angry with him for even thinking it but realized that Lascar’s anger would get him found out. “Let them go, please.”
Lascar calmed down and Zephillia took her hands off his face. She didn’t want to absorb too much energy either or she would be the one to get them found out.
“Ha,” the dark haired one said. “Pull that leash. Wouldn’t want the puppy to get in a fight he can’t win.” The blonde one joined him in loud laughter.
Now Zephillia was angry. How dare they insult her Lascar!
“Yes, and you had better count your blessing that I have some control or my fiancé, Lascar Tyrillias, would have removed your heads!” Zephillia shouted.
Both men looked terrified. They had not recognized the man but they clearly knew the name. They stumbled over their own feet trying to get to the door.
“My apologies, sir, umm, my prince,” the dark haired one said while trying to bow. This produced a ridiculous display and he nearly fell into the blonde one, who didn’t say a word, then they headed straight to the door.
“Don’t you ever disrespect me like that again!” Zephillia yelled at Lascar. “I am yours and yours alone! You are the smartest man, no, the smartest person I have ever met! Don’t go being stupid about this one thing! The one thing that you couldn’t be more wrong about!”
Lascar just stood there. He didn’t want to say anything. She needed to yell so he let her yell. He hadn’t made her mad, it was worse than that, he had disappointed her. Lascar had never felt this horrible. What had he been thinking?
“Now, take me back to the room and you make it up to me!” Zephillia ended with a smile. The anger on her face was gone and Lascar was relieved.
Lascar quickly paid the bill and ushered his beautiful, strong willed, fiancé out the door. When the door shut Lascar heard the two drunk men in the distance. They were about fifty feet away, heading toward the stables. Zephillia couldn’t hear them but Lascar could hear them like they were talking in his ear.
“We almost had that draelic,” the blonde one said, not nearly as drunk as he pretended to be in the bar.
“Stupid prince,” the dark haired one agreed.
“We would have had a whore for a year at least. No one would have missed her,” the blonde one continued.
“Yeah, she looked sturdy enough to last a year,” the dark haired one laughed.
“Ugly, but we could have put a bag over her head,” the blonde one said then joined his friend in laughter.
Lascar’s fury grew uncontrollable. Zephillia noticed the red glow on the ground only seconds before she realized Lascar was removing his jacket. He tossed it on her shoulder then took off after the men.
“Wait,” Zephillia begged but Lascar was already half way to the two men.
The blonde one heard the prince coming and turned.
“No guards here, prince,” he said spitefully.
Lascar didn’t slow down. He hit the blonde one in the chest as he rushed by him and the man flew over his friend and into the stable with a loud crash. 
The dark haired one’s resolve melted as Lascar closed in. He hit the ground with both knees and started to beg.
“Please, don’t kill me,” the man cried.
“You are going to wish I had killed you!” Lascar growled.
Lascar raised his hand and the man was pulled into the air. Then Lascar squeezed his fist and the man began to writhe in pain. 
Zephillia ran up beside Lascar, unsure what had caused the sudden outburst.
“What are you doing?” Zephillia begged.
“It was a rouse. They were going to kidnap you and use you for a sex slave,” Lascar said slowly while gritting his teeth. He was not about to deny himself the satisfaction of torturing this man by accidentally killing him.
Zephillia grabbed Lascar’s hand.
“They deserve this!” Lascar yelled.
“I’m not trying to stop you,” Zephillia said as her eyes filled with Lascar’s power. “I want to help!” The tone of Zephillia’s voice had changed. She now sounded more sinister than Lascar had ever heard her before.
The blonde man stumbled to his feet and Zephillia strode towards him with a purpose. She lifted her hand and tossed the man like a rag doll into the stable walls. She moved her hand in the other direction and the man flew, face first, into the opposite wall. Then she closed her fist and the man screamed in pain.
Lascar noticed what Zephillia was doing and clenched his fist, the man in front of him was crushed to death. As satisfying as it was to torture the man, watching Zephillia do it was almost provocative.
Lascar walked up behind Zephillia slowly, he didn’t want to interrupt her.
Zephillia threw the man against the wall again, then the opposite. She was furious.
“You wanted to take me away from him! No one will ever take me away from him! EVER!” The red in Zephillia’s eyes faded. She had used up all the power already. The man fell to the ground in agony but still alive.
Zephillia turned around, surprised to see Lascar so close.
“I need more power,” Zephillia said nearly in tears.
“I will take care of it,” Lascar said compassionately. At that moment he realized how badly he had disappointed her in the bar. He would never make that mistake again. He would never again question the fact that Zephillia wanted him and only him.
Lascar put his arm around Zephillia’s shoulder and waved his other hand. The crushed man flew into the stables beside his friend. While Lascar brushed the hair out of Zephillia’s beautiful eyes he waved his hand again and the stable doors flew open, shattering their locks. Then he snapped his fingers and the stables lit on fire from all sides at once. The horses rushed out of the stables as the whole thing went up in flames. Lascar was gaining control of his magic and he liked it. Zephillia deserved the world and he would be the one to give it to her.

Chapter 14
After the week was over Lascar and Zephillia headed back to the academy. The mysterious stable fire was blamed on two drunk stable hands. After that the couple spent most of their time in their room, something neither of them minded. Zephillia’s tolerance grew and they spent most of the remaining time having sex or cuddling. Lascar’s control also grew. Narsol had given him the piece of information that led him to understand and control his power. His desire to protect Zephillia was the key. Now that he knew it, he could use his magic with precision.
When they returned, they picked up their studies and continued their secret magic lessons without telling anyone else what had happened on their trip. They evaded Narsol’s questions about the trip by eluding to the fact that they had a lot of sex. This usually kept Narsol from prying too much. Although it did seem like he suspected something else had happened, he let them have their secrets.
Lascar had started sneaking into Zephillia’s dorm after nightfall, his childhood ability to move around undetected coming in handy once again. The couple was rarely separated for more than an hour or two at the most. Narsol was happy for them and decided that after Lascar’s lessons were finished, he would pack up his things and head home. He would not ruin two more lives just to get retribution for his wife’s murder. Perhaps his father was right. Leaving things to work themselves out was the best course.
While their boring classes droned on Zephillia came down with a mysterious illness. She started having trouble with magic and felt horrible for two weeks straight. While Zephillia was sick and missed classes Lascar saw no reason to show up for them. After two weeks of Lascar skipping classes the headmaster was alerted to Lascar’s truancy.
Lascar drudged his way up the steps while worrying about Zephillia. She hadn’t been the same these last couple weeks. She had little energy and stayed in bed a lot. She had insisted on going with him to the meeting with the headmaster despite Lascar’s objections. Lascar knocked on the door and Zephillia stood beside him. The headmaster beckoned them inside and the two of them entered.
“Have a seat,” headmaster Kland ordered. He didn’t appear to be in a good mood.
“If this is about missing classes. I can explain. Zephillia was sick.” Lascar was confident and his voice sounded frustrated. This was obviously an inconvenience for him and the headmaster picked up on this right away.
“Before you go explaining your life away let me tell you that this meeting is a formality. You are expelled as of today.” The headmaster stood up and crossed his arms over his chest.
Lascar shot up in anger.
“I am the prince of Tyrillia. I do what I want. My father…” Lascar started but the headmaster interrupted him.
“Your father sent me a letter.” The headmaster reached down on his desk and picked up a letter. He shook the letter at Lascar. “He says I should treat you just like any other student. If you slip up once I am to send you back to him.”
Zephillia stood up calmly.
“What my fiancé means to say…” Zephillia was calm and tried to explain.
Lascar turned to her abruptly.
“I know what I mean to say!” Suddenly Lascar realized what he had just done. The look on Zephillia’s face filled him with fear.
Zephillia struggled to control her anger and politely addressed the headmaster.
“Would you give me and Lascar a moment?” she asked. It was less a question and more of a statement. She didn’t wait for an answer, she grabbed Lascar’s arm and led him out of the room.
When they were in the hall and all alone Zephillia turned to Lascar and he realized just how large the mistake was. Zephillia’s face was full of anger and she had her hands on her hips.
“Don’t you EVER talk to me like that in public! I would never treat you like that in front of another person! Do you think that I am that unimportant that you can just disrespect me like that?! If that is what you think I will be out of your life before you know it!” Zephillia just stared at Lascar.
Lascar struggled for words that would not make this worse. His fear rose. What would he do if he couldn’t convince her to stay?
“I lost my temper. I promise you that I will never let that happen again. You mean everything to me. Please, give me another chance,” Lascar begged.
Zephillia’s glare softened some.
“Maybe you are as smart as I think you are, maybe not. We’ll see.” Zephillia was calmer but clearly not over it. “Let me talk to him before you get us split up.” Zephillia turned and stormed back into the headmaster’s office. Her expression changed immediately back to the kind, charming girl as soon as she looked at the headmaster.
“My fiancé sometimes loses his temper. He’s very sorry.” Zephillia leaned on the headmaster’s desk.
“I understand but the school has rules. Rules that I can’t bend every time someone has an excuse.” The headmaster wasn’t budging.
Zephillia looked over her shoulder at Lascar angrily then shifted her expression when she returned her gaze to the headmaster.
“You know princes can be flighty and irresponsible. Some can be real jerks.” Zephillia directed this at Lascar and he looked down in shame. “They’re unpredictable and none of them act the way that you would expect.” Zephillia saw the headmaster start to speak so she waited politely.
“You’ve known a lot of princes?” the headmaster asked, curious.
“I’ve known a few. You know the one thing that princes have in common?” Zephillia asked slyly.
“No, what’s that?” the headmaster asked in reply.
“They become kings,” Zephillia said in a stern voice.
The headmaster adjusted his shirt collar and looked at Lascar nervously.
“You know the funny thing about kings?” Zephillia asked. Her voice was taking on a condescending tone as she spoke.
“What?” the headmaster asked, even more apprehensive.
“Kings have bad memories. They forget their childhood friends, forget the names of people they knew in school. With a little prodding they will eventually remember but it’s not something that fills their daily thoughts. Kings have way too much on their minds to remember personal indulgences. But they do remember some people. There are some people in their youth that they will never forget. These people fill their thoughts. You know who these people are?” Zephillia’s tone was now almost sounding cruel and sinister.
“Who?” the headmaster asked terrified.
“Their enemies. The people who stood in their way. These are the people that keep a king up at night. These are the people that the king wants to forget but can’t until…” Zephillia intentionally didn’t finish her sentence.
“I suppose we can make an exception this once. If the prince would be willing to start attending more regularly. I don’t want to upset our future king. I’m sure he has way more important things to worry about.” The headmaster sat down and searched his desk for the expulsion notice. “Your father doesn’t really need to worry about this. I’m sure it was a simple misunderstanding.” The headmaster tore up the letter to Lucian and tossed it in the trash.
“Thank you,” Zephillia said then turned to walk out.
“One more thing, my prince,” the headmaster said, his voice still trembling.
“What is that?” Lascar asked quietly.
“I’ve taught leaders, never any royalty, but lots of leaders. Some were good, some were not. You know what all the great ones had in common?” the headmaster was regaining some courage.
“What would that be?” Lascar asked, more interested.
“They relied on someone to help them. A friend, a lover, a wife. Every single one of them relied on the opinion of someone they cared about.” The headmaster paused then lifted his hand toward Zephillia. “Keep her close. She just might make you a better king than your father.”
“I am realizing that myself. I just hope I am not too late,” Lascar said then followed Zephillia out the door.
When they were out of the headmaster’s office and the door was shut Zephillia stood in front of Lascar with a scowl on her face and her hands on her hips. Lascar cringed, ready for another verbal beating.
“Lascar Tyrillias, I do believe there is hope for you yet.” Zephillia locked her arm with his and put her head on his shoulder.
“I promise. I will never do anything like that ever again. I never want to lose you.” Lascar was almost begging.
“Good, then maybe you have a chance,” Zephillia smiled deviously but Lascar couldn’t see it as they made their way down the steps. “You can’t go killing everyone. If you kill every potential ally all you are left with is enemies. You may be strong enough that you don’t need allies but it’s kind of nice to not have to do everything yourself.”
“And you say I am the smart one,” Lascar quipped then kissed her gently on the top of her head.
“Now that is how you talk to your future wife,” Zephillia purred.
After their meeting with the headmaster Lascar and Zephillia snuck into Narsol’s home for their nightly lesson and locked the door behind them. They grabbed a roll on the way to the basement. They had gotten quite comfortable with Narsol and considered him a friend, in fact, he was their only friend at the academy.
“You’re here, good,” Narsol greeted them.
“What do you have for us today?” Lascar asked, taking a bite out of Zephillia’s roll. She slapped him playfully on the arm then tried to bite his roll.
“Well, I just wanted to let you know that I am retiring after our training is finished.” Narsol looked at them both with sadness in his eyes. He would miss them, but they deserved a life together and his kids deserved a father.
“You’re leaving?” Zephillia sounded disappointed.
“You’ve both learned so much. I won’t have anything else to teach you in a month or two.” Narsol smiled at them and held out his arms.
Lascar was reluctant but Zephillia forced him into a group hug with Narsol.
“We’re going to miss you,” Zephillia said.
“I’ll miss you too, but I have family responsibilities and it’s time I lived up to them,” Narsol said in his consistently vague language. Despite the fact that he cared for these two, Lascar’s father was still the man that had killed his wife. He wasn’t going to endanger his children for any reason.
The lesson went well, even though Lascar was still not able to absorb energy from the fire, he was using magic at a master level. He could throw energy beams and orbs like someone who had done it for years. Zephillia, with her unusual ability was learning to absorb the energy right out of the air. Lascar would throw an orb and Zephillia would catch it and absorb it. Today, however, Zephillia wasn’t able to absorb energy. She told Lascar and Narsol that she was not feeling well again and after some fussing, she was allowed to sit out the day’s lesson.
When Lascar and Zephillia were ready to head out Zephillia turned to Lascar and looked worried.
“I forgot something. I need to get Narsol to give me some herbs. I want to be well by this weekend,” Zephillia winked at Lascar flirtatiously.
“You have big plans?” Lascar teased.
“Yes, my fiancé and I are going to spend the whole weekend locked up with nothing to do.” Zephillia smiled deviously and Lascar kissed her. “You go start supper and I’ll be along in about twenty minutes,” Zephillia instructed.
“You sure? I can wait,” Lascar asked.
“I’m sure. Your turn to make supper. Don’t try to weasel out of it and it better not be fish again,” Zephillia scolded.
Lascar looked nervous. He had intended to make fish, now what was he going to do?
“You were making fish, weren’t you?” Zephillia asked with a smirk.
“Umm, I’ll find some beef. See you at home,” Lascar said and ran off.
Zephillia and Lascar had taken to making their own suppers. Not only was the academy food bland and boring, but since they were studying with Narsol during supper hour, it was always cold. Making their own food with supplies they got from the academy kitchen made more sense and, being the prince of Tyrillia, no one said a word about it.
Zephillia walked back into Narsol’s basement and wrung her hands. She was nervous and Narsol picked up on it right away.
“It’s more than a common illness isn’t it?” Narsol asked.
“I can’t use magic,” Zephillia replied.
“When did it start?” Narsol asked as he motioned for Zephillia to sit on the table.
“A week ago, maybe two? I started having trouble absorbing about two weeks ago then, this week, I just couldn’t absorb anything.” Zephillia replied meekly and eased her way onto the table.
Narsol looked her over then put his hand on her forehead. His hand started to glow green and he moved it across her face and over her heart then down to her stomach.
The old druid looked almost creepy as he smiled.
“Have you been feeling sick to your stomach?” the old man asked, grinning ear to ear.
“Yes, why are you smiling?” Then Zephillia understood. “No, that’s…no…” Zephillia looked at her stomach and a smile crept onto her face. Then she looked at Narsol. “Nooooo.” Zephillia grinned almost as widely as the druid.
“Yes,” Narsol corrected. “Congratulations.”
“This is…wait, what if Lascar doesn’t want to have kids?” Zephillia panicked.
“It’s a little late for that. Besides, he worships you. If you want kids, he’ll want kids,” Narsol reassured her.
Zephillia jumped off the table and hugged the old, green druid and nearly choked him.
“I’m going to go tell him!” Zephillia squealed then ran out of the house. “Thank you!” She yelled from the doorway as she slammed it shut.

Chapter 15
Lascar stirred the pot with one hand while he fiddled with the two rings in his pocket using the other. He had bought the rings a week ago but hadn’t had enough courage to ask Zephillia yet. Even though she said she was his fiancé, he had not actually asked her to marry him yet. He had spent a few hours in the academy library researching draelic customs and found out about their peculiar marriage rituals. Apparently, draelic didn’t believe in having weddings. In draelic culture a marriage was legal as soon as the couple exchanged rings. The rings had to have the spouses name engraved on the inside but that was literally all there was to it. Once the couple put on the rings they were legally married. Lascar hoped that Zephillia had been serious about wanting to marry him. He was building up the courage and wanted to ask her this weekend.
Zephillia opened the door to her dorm room and quietly made her way to the couch. She had no idea how to bring this up. What if Lascar was upset?
“Do not think you can sneak up on me. You know me better than that,” Lascar teased as he stirred the beef stew. Surprisingly he thought it smelled pretty decent. He was a horrible cook but Zephillia had taught him how to make a stew and fish. Cooking was less about intelligence and more about feeling. How things tasted when cooked together was not quantifiable, it had to be tested and sometimes the least likely ingredients tasted divine when combined in the right amounts.
“It smells good,” Zephillia said absentmindedly.
“Uh oh,” Lascar said. He stirred the stew one last time then took it away from the fireplace before sitting beside Zephillia. “What is wrong?”
“Nothing’s wrong exactly,” Zephillia evaded.
“Then what is it?” Lascar asked, his concern was growing into worry. It wasn’t like Zephillia to be so evasive. They shared everything, even their deepest, darkest secrets were shared.
“What would you say if I asked you to leave all of this behind? It would be just you and I. We could find a farm house somewhere, raise a family. Leave all this fighting and family drama behind us. What would you say?” Zephillia looked apprehensive like she feared the answer.
“Well,” Lascar started. He needed to think very carefully. Zephillia was his world now. He never wanted to disappoint her again. “So, you would be ok not being queen?”
“Yes, I could live with that if you were with me. I’d still be your queen, just not queen of Tyrillia.” Zephillia twisted her hands and Lascar could tell that this was not all she had to say.
“If this is what you want. I do not need to be king. I would give it all up to be with you.” Lascar replied swiftly. He didn’t want her to get the impression that he was being patronizing or that he was agonizing over the decision. There was no decision to make. If she wanted to live on a farm and be invisible to the world, that was exactly what she would get.
“You would be ok with that?” Zephillia asked once more to make sure.
“I would forget about my father. You would forget about your mother. We would just disappear. Start a family and raise chickens?” Lascar teased.
“Maybe some horses. I saw how you let the horses go before you burned the stables.” Zephillia smiled but Lascar could see a hint of sadness in her gaze.
“Horses have always been good to me. Horses are noble creatures. There was no reason to make them suffer because of two humans.” Lascar said this more seriously.
“Ok,” Zephillia paused and garnered as much courage as she could. “I’m pregnant.”
Lascar stared at her trying to decide if it was a joke or if she was serious. Slowly a smile worked its way onto his face.
“Really?” Lascar asked, his smile growing larger.
“Yes, really,” Zephillia said finding joy in his smile.
Lascar immediately got on one knee and fished the rings from his pocket.
“I was waiting until this weekend but this is the perfect time,” Lascar held out the rings and Zephillia jumped into his arms.
“Finally! I thought it would take you another year at the rate you were going.” Zephillia kissed his forehead over and over.
“Does that mean yes?” Lascar teased.
“Yes, yes, a thousand times yes. I thought I was going to have to propose. You’re slow.” Zephillia looked down into his eyes. “You are ok having a baby? Running away and disappearing?”
“Yes, as long as I am with you.” Lascar stared off, lost in thought. “We are going to have a family.” Lascar kissed Zephillia passionately then she pulled away.
“I need to do one thing first. Nothing big. I just need to tell my sister. I won’t tell her where we’re going. Heck, I don’t know where we’re going.” Zephillia sounded excited and stressed. “It will take me a month there and a month back. Think you can live without me for that long?” Zephillia asked with a grin.
“I could go,” Lascar replied.
“No, I have to do this on my own. Besides, you need to finish your classes. You need to be able to protect us.” Zephillia put her hand on her stomach.
“I will,” Lascar replied seriously. “No one will ever hurt you. I promise.”
Zephillia slipped the ring on her finger and looked at it.
“Mrs. Lascar Tyrillias. I like the sound of that. Zephillia Tyrillias.” Zephillia almost seemed to glow. She had everything she wanted in life, right in this room. She just needed to tell her sister and then she could run away with the perfect man and have the perfect family.

Chapter 16
Over the next month Lascar doubled his efforts to finish his training. He was happier than he had ever been. He would finally be rid of his father, not by defeating him but by forgetting him. Zephillia had made all of this possible. Her getting pregnant was a blessing. It forced them to admit to each other that neither of them wanted this life. They both wanted a quiet life away from the fighting and family drama. They really only wanted each other the rest didn’t really matter.
Zephillia traveled alone and made good time. It took her a little under a month to reach her sister’s home near Stone’s Rest. Stone’s Rest got its name from traders because of a large stone that was sticking upright from the ground. The stone was large enough that it could be seen from very far away. Traders would meet at Stone's Rest to barter and then continue on their way to sell their goods. A small town started up nearby to capitalize on the frequent trading and soon a small castle was built for the ruler of Norzen. The castle was a good ways from Stone’s Rest but close enough that anyone traveling near would see that Norzen finally had a real ruler.
Zephillia walked up the many steps holding her stomach. She wasn’t showing much but the small bulge filled her with joy. Her family, the one she always wanted, was only months away. She didn’t care if the baby was draelic, human, blue, purple or even green. She would not give this baby up. She would be ten times the mother hers had been. This baby would know love and a peace that neither her nor Lascar had experienced.
Zephillia opened the large doors with one hand while holding her stomach. It was a habit more than a necessity. Her pregnancy was easy, the baby had only made her sick to her stomach for a few weeks. She held her stomach because she longed for the day she would meet her child. She spoke to it often and showered it with stories about the life they would have.
Astrella sat on the throne as Zephillia walked into the room.
“What news do you have for me, sister?” Astrella said while waving for the generals and guards to leave.
“I’m going to be a mother.” Zephillia’s face could barely contain the joy she felt. She held out her ring finger and her wedding ring sparkled in the evening light.
“What?!” Astrella screamed.
Zephillia realized too late that she had made a terrible mistake. Astrella was too much like her mother.
“You married him?!” Astrella shouted. “What about me?! What about mother?! Do we mean nothing to you?!”
Zephillia wished she had let Lascar come along. No one would dare talk to her like this with Lascar near. Why had she wanted to come here?
“Yes, I married him and I am having his baby!” Zephillia yelled back. She needed to let her sister know she wasn’t afraid. “If you can’t accept that then I’m sorry I came. I just wanted you to be happy for me. To let you know I was leaving and never coming back. Why can’t you just treat me like your sister for once?!”
“Because you’re blue,” Astrella hissed. “Mother didn’t want you and neither do I. Take your prince and your wretched half-breed baby and never come back. My life will be better without you.”
“You can have mother! You are just like her! I hate you both!” Zephillia screamed with tears running down her face. She turned and stormed out of the castle.
Astrella steamed in her throne. She couldn’t just capture Zephillia, no that would cause the prince to get upset and perhaps start another war. Lascar was indeed powerful. No, she needed to do this a different way. She had heard rumors that King Lucian hated his own son as much as he hated draelic. Perhaps Lucian could make Zephillia disappear. Yes, that would solve all her problems. Lascar would be mad at Lucian. They would fight. The humans would be weak and she could secure draelic freedom. If one or both of them died the draelic would have less enemies to fight. Yes, this was the perfect solution.
Astrella jumped from her throne and ran out the door to the stables.
“Give me your fastest horse!” she shouted to the large stable hands.
One of her generals ran up to her.
“Where are you going my queen?” the general asked on bended knee.
“I am going to stop a traitor and win a war!” Astrella shouted as she took off.
She needed to get to Lucian’s castle and give him enough time to kidnap Zephillia before she got to close to the academy. Lascar couldn’t find out until it was too late for him to do anything about it. She needed Lascar angry enough to kill his father or die to him. Either result would be enough to push the stalemate back in draelic favor.
She rode the horse hard for two days before letting up. She nearly killed the horse before she realized it and had to trade it for a new one. Luckily she was still in Norzen so the stable keep had little choice. She took off again, being more careful not to overwork the new beast, and within a week she had made it to Lucian’s castle.
Once she arrived she put her hands in the air and walked up to the doors to the outer wall. She had left her sword on her horse and wore no battle armor.
“I wish for an audience with King Lucian!” Astrella yelled from the front gates.
“We don’t allow draelic inside the castle walls!” one of the guards yelled out to her.
“If I wanted to kill you, you’d be dead already. Only King Lucian himself could stop me! I’m not here to fight!” Astrella yelled back. Although she had never fought the king she had heard stories. It was a better idea to flatter such a well-respected fighter rather than insult him. Human men were often easily manipulated when approached with flattery.
“What is this about?!” the guard yelled from his perch above the gate. He still had a crossbow aimed right at Astrella’s head.
“Let’s get one thing straight! If your finger slips and that bolt comes flying at me! I’ll climb the gate and shove it through your eye socket! Now tell the king I’m here about his son!” Astrella had no problem threatening lowly guards. She knew that her reputation for fighting was well known among humans. There was not a human who could take her except maybe for Lucian and possibly his son.
Soon the gates opened and four heavily armed guards came to escort her. She was paraded through the castle grounds and up to the front steps of the inner castle. On the castle steps Lucian waited. He looked cautious but when he saw who it was he motioned her inside. Astrella followed and Lucian waved the guards to go back to their post.
“You have loyalty among your people. I admire that,” Astrella said.
“Quit with the flattery. It won’t work on me. If you hadn’t said it had to do with Lascar I would have ordered them to shoot you.” Lucian growled. He walked with his back to her unintimidated.
“Then your guards would be dead and I’d be right where I am now,” Astrella sneered. “Aren’t you a little curious…” Astrella started while she eased a dagger from her belt.
Lucian turned with speed that Astrella didn’t know was possible, grabbed her arm and put the dagger to her neck.
“It seems you live up to your reputation.” Astrella released the dagger and it fell to the floor. “I’m not here to assassinate you. Just making sure I’m talking to the real Lucian.”
“How do I know I’m talking to the real queen of the draelic?” Lucian spat, still holding her wrist.
Black claws eased their way out from her finger tips and her eyes lit up purple.
“That good enough?” Astrella asked.
“Yes,” Lucian replied sharply, released her wrists, then continued to his throne. After sitting on his throne he put his chin on his fist and stared at the draelic mage with hatred in his eyes. “What’s this about my son?”
“He’s married my sister,” Astrella said slyly.
Lucian didn’t respond he just mumbled under his breath.
“She’s pregnant,” Astrella hissed.
“What?!” Lucian yelled. “I should kill you where you stand.”
“You’re welcome to try,” Astrella teased. “But how would you know where to find her? And how would you get to her before she gets back to your son?”
“Why would you turn on your own sister?” Lucian suspected a trap but couldn’t see how Astrella gained from this.
“Because she is a traitor to Norzen. I hear your son is on his way to becoming a traitor as well. This would solve both our problems.” Astrella chose her words carefully. She had felt Lucian’s strength. Physically she knew she couldn’t beat him. With magic, it might be a fair fight but not something she wanted to test.
“What do you expect me to do?” Lucian asked, still not trusting Astrella.
“You capture her. She’s all alone. Keep her here. I can’t fight Lascar and even if I could it would start the war up again. But you, you can fight him. If what I hear is true, he wants your throne,” Astrella skillfully maneuvered the conversation.
“So, he wants my throne now?” Lucian was testing Astrella to see if she could stick to her story.
“It’s just what I heard. If my sister lied to me then I apologize and you can have her as payment,” Astrella lied.
“So, why not just kill her?” Lucian asked.
“Because your son would come for me. If he is as strong as you then I wouldn’t stand a chance against the two of you. I’m looking out for my own hide, I don’t deny that. After your throne they will come for mine. Your son and my sister are determined to rule the world. Now is our one chance to stop them. She is all alone and he is oblivious.” Astrella smiled. Lucian was buying it.
“Where would I find her?” Lucian asked while he stood up. The king reached down and picked up a small golden disk. Larger than a gold coin but small enough to fit in the palm of someone’s hand. It had four small holes, large enough to put a string through and strange writing on one side. Astrella recognized it right away and tried to cover her astonishment.
“Do you know how to use one of those?” Astrella asked, looking at the key.
“Do you?” Lucian seemed interested.
“Yes, I could show you,” Astrella smiled.
“Why?” Lucian scowled.
Astrella turned and started walking toward the door.
“She’s at the crossroads inn right now. Probably resting for the night. She’s pregnant and can’t travel very fast. Four guards should be able to easily subdue her. Just make sure they have shackles, thick shackles.” Astrella smiled evilly while Lucian couldn’t see her face.
“Why would you help me use this key?” Lucian asked, trying to get back to the conversation that interested him.
“Because it might be your best hope to defeat your son. It would give you an edge. We have a peace of sorts, do we not?” Astrella asked.
“Yes, a stalemate. You stay out of our business we stay out of yours,” Lucian responded.
“If Lascar beats you I lose the fragile peace that we hold together. It’s not perfect but it’s better than war.” Astrella turned to face him again. Her confidence grew. Lucian was now following her lead.
“I accept your proposal. You stay on and help me learn to use this and I will capture your sister.” Lucian stuck out his hand and Astrella stared at it. She didn’t know about the strange human custom of shaking hands. Lucian retracted his hand and instead put his fist to his chin.
In draelic culture a soldier would salute a superior or equal by putting their fist to their chin to allow the other party to speak first. The opposite was true when a draelic put their fist to their chest. This meant that you were below them in stature. Had Lucian mistakenly put his fist to his chest the draelic queen might very well have attacked him on the spot and taken her chances with Lascar.
“You honor me with your knowledge of draelic salutes. I will help you but you must not harm her or the child,” Astrella said.
“Why?” Lucian asked, confused.
“They are leverage. If we can’t beat him we can use them to keep him at bay, maybe make him surrender.” Astrella sneered and Lucian was again struck with the sneaking suspicion that he was being used, though he couldn’t quite figure out how.

Chapter 17
Zephillia rode slowly down the trail from the crossroads inn. The crossroads inn was positioned directly on the border between the three countries. It was considered neutral ground, even soldiers at war refused to fight when they came to the inn. It wasn’t actually a town, more a collection of bars surrounding an inn placed directly where the three countries met. Despite its lack of township it was well known throughout all three countries as a safe haven.
Zephillia rubbed her stomach and spoke to her unborn child.
“I’m sorry, I should never have taken you here. What was I thinking? Astrella is just like mother. That would be grandma to you. But you will never meet her,” Zephillia struggled to control her anger. “Daddy is waiting for us. We should be back soon. Then we can go find a home and daddy will raise chickens and horses.” Zephillia laughed at the silliness of it. Two of the most powerful people in the world raising animals, living on a farm. It was perfect and ridiculous at the same time.
A young boy ran up to the carriage yelling for help. He looked panicked, dirty and his clothes were torn.
“My dad, he’s stuck! Please help!” the boy took off down to what looked like a farm house. It was modest and the buildings around it looked like they raised pigs. From the smell of the farm it most certainly had housed pigs at one time but none were visible now.
Zephillia wasn’t sure what she could do. Maybe use her horses to pull the man to freedom? She didn’t want to overwork herself and hurt the baby but the boy’s pleas struck a chord with the expectant mother. She followed the boy to the farm house and stopped the carriage outside the house. She looked around for the boy but he was nowhere to be found.
“In here!” the boy yelled and poked his head out the door. Something seemed strange about this whole situation but her motherly instincts couldn’t ignore the boy.
Zephillia eased her way off the carriage and slowly walked into the house. When she entered the door two men, one on each side of the door, clamped shackles on her wrists. Zephillia struggled and her claws came out.
“You’ll be sorry for this!” She yelled at them. “My husband is the prince of Tyrillia. He will have your head!”
The men ignored her and soon two more men came from the shadows and put shackles on her ankles. Zephillia screamed in frustration then King Lucian walked into the room.
“My son, won’t know who took you, Zephillia,” Lucian’s laugh was sinister and she felt all her hope drain away.
“No! Wait, please!” Zephillia yelled. “I’m carrying your grandchild! Please!”
King Lucian didn’t even turn around and all of Zephillia’s dreams of happiness were crushed as the king ignored her pleas. The guards held the shackles tight and drug her to a nearby carriage that had been fitted like a jail cell. In her weakened state from the pregnancy, she couldn’t over power them.
Within a week Zephillia was placed in Faamyn’s cage back at the castle but, unlike Lucian’s previous prisoner she was given basic necessities like a bed, blankets and food. Zephillia was not tortured like Lascar’s mother, she was merely forgotten, while Lucian struggled to learn how to use the key against his son.
About a month after her imprisonment Lucian and Astrella came down to visit her.
“Sister?! You’re behind this?!” Zephillia couldn’t believe her eyes. Her sister had betrayed her, she was just like their mother.
“Your husband needs to die,” Astrella hissed.
“What has he done to you?” Zephillia begged.
“Just touch it to her skin?” Lucian asked, looking at Astrella. He completely ignored Zephillia who was much farther along now.
“Yes, just for a second and don’t let her grab it.” Astrella looked at the key in Lucian’s hand lustfully.
Lucian touched the key to Zephillia’s exposed arm and quickly pulled it away. He felt the power start to grow in the unassuming disk and then it started to fill his veins. The power was incredible, Lucian had never felt anything like it. Then a voice whispered in his head. He didn’t understand it at first, almost like someone whispering in another language. Slowly the voice got louder and he was able to make out words. Lucian struggled to control the key but as he struggled Astrella grabbed it.
“You fool!” Astrella laughed as she grasped the key and felt the power go into her instead of Lucian. “I just needed someone without magic to activate it! You simple fool!”
Lucian held his head, trying to focus his mind once again.
“Was the power too much for you to handle?” Astrella teased. She kicked at the man then turned to talk to Zephillia. Then she heard the voice and stopped mid-turn. Lucian lept at her and thrust his hand into her chest. With his hand on her heart he taunted her.
“You are the fool! You taught me how to defeat you!” Lucian ripped the heart from her chest and Astrella let out one final scream before her lifeless body fell to the floor.
Lucian stared at the heart. It continued to beat then began to crystalize before his eyes.
“You didn’t kill her,” Zephillia said snidely. “If it was that easy they would have killed my mother instead of imprisoning her.” Zephillia sat down on her bed and cradled her stomach.
“She will come back?” Lucian asked frantically.
“No, not without help. But someday someone will resurrect her. On that day you should be ready for a fight. You caught her off guard, the next time won’t go so well.” Zephillia wasn’t sad for her sister. She wasn’t angry at Lucian for ripping her heart out. She was almost indifferent to the whole ordeal. “Lucian let me go while you still can.” Zephillia tried to reason with him.
“I have the key! Lascar doesn’t stand a chance!” Lucian held the key and felt the magic course through his body. The voice was distracting but the euphoria caused by its power was stronger.
“Just let me go. I won’t tell him what happened here. I’ll tell him Astrella did it. We will disappear and you will never hear from us again. Just let me go before it’s too late.” Zephillia wasn’t emotional about her plea. She had to try but had little hope that the crazed man would listen.
Lucian stared at Astrella’s heart, still in his hand.
“How do you bring her back?” Lucian asked curiously. Something in his voice seemed unsteady.
“I don’t know. My mother never taught me that. My mother has a book. It says how to bring one of us back.” Zephillia stared at the man and realized that the key was already eating away at Lucian’s sanity. As far as she knew, she was the only one that could safely use the keys.
“Where is she?” Lucian asked. His eyes looked mad.
“On an island. You will need all the keys to get inside. Let me help you find them. I can activate them for you. I’m the only one that can,” Zephillia bargained.
“No, that’s what you want me to think.” Lucian looked at her angrily. “You’re trying to trick me.”
“It’s true, I’m the only one that can get you inside. Let me and Lascar go and I will activate all of them for you. Just let us disappear. My mother will give you all the power in the world. We will never bother you again,” Zephillia begged.
“I will kill Lascar! He is the one that should fear me! I don’t need some witch to make me strong! I have this!” Lucian grasped the key and stared at it. His slow decent into madness had accelerated rapidly.
Lucian’s response made Zephillia angry and her anger gave her courage.
“If you don’t let me go he will come here and destroy the castle. Torture you for centuries. You have one chance! Let me go now or you seal your own fate!” Zephillia stood and shook the bars. “Lascar will not take this lightly.”
“Take what lightly? His whore is in my prison? What can he do?” Lucian cackled.
Zephillia’s tone was quieter but more devious.
“I mean everything to him just like he is everything to me. If I were in his shoes.” Zephillia slid her claws out of her fingers and Lucian took a step back. “I’d peel the skin from your body and watch you suffer for taking him from me. What do you think your son will do? His power makes all others look like children. What do you think the most powerful man in the world will do when he finds out his wife and child have been stolen from him? Nothing in the world will stop him.  Not you, not some key, nothing! You will suffer for what you’ve done!”
Lucian’s face filled with fear.
“I have the key. He can’t touch me!” Lucian cackled and ran up the steps.
Zephillia had heard that the keys could turn people insane. Only people with her unique ability could actually control the keys. The rest were driven insane while they constantly fought for control. She just didn’t realize it would happen so quickly. Even her sister seemed a little unsteady after holding it for a few seconds. Zephillia, on the other hand felt peaceful when it touched her arm. It felt like it belonged to her. It was listening to her. The machine wanted her to tell it what to do.
Zephillia sunk on her bed. She wasn’t getting out. Lucian was now mad, she would be lucky to survive until Lascar found her but when he did, Lucian would regret even looking at her.
Lucian didn’t see Zephillia again for a year. Maids and servants fed her, cleaned her prison and helped her birth her son. She named her son Lastian and the boy never left her side. One of the maids tried to take him and lost her arm in the process. After giving birth, Zephillia’s powers returned. It couldn’t free her from the cage but the servants gave her a wide birth and never tried to remove Lastian again.

Chapter 18
Lascar rode the horse swiftly through the academy gates. He looked exhausted and furious. Narsol caught the reigns of the horse and handed it off to the stable keeper.
“Any news?” Narsol asked.
“Nothing!” Lascar shouted and his eyes lit the yard.
“Be careful, my prince. The Mage Hunters…” Narsol begged but Lascar cut him off.
“If the Mage Hunters even look at me I’ll separate their heads from their pathetically weak bodies!” Lascar yelled through gritted teeth.
It was almost sundown and no one had lit the yard torches yet. Lascar waved his hand and every torch in the yard lit at once.
“You need rest, sir,” Narsol pleaded.
“I’ll rest when she is back!” Lascar turned abruptly and almost knocked Narsol over.
“Where are you going, sir?” Narsol asked, not sure he wanted to know the answer. Things had changed since Zephillia’s disappearance, Lascar had changed.
“I paid a tracker to go over her movements. I need to see him.” Lascar was calming down. He stormed back out through the gates of the academy.
“Don’t you want a horse, my lord?” Narsol asked meekly.
“The horse is tired. It did not take Zephillia. It should not suffer for someone else’s stupidity. A HUMAN DID THIS!” Lascar waved his hand behind himself and the enormous gates of the academy closed with a loud crash.
Narsol looked at the stable keeper.
“If you know what’s good for you, this never happened. Prince Lascar is not in a forgiving mood,” Narsol warned then headed to his house.
Zephillia had been missing for over a year now. At first Lascar was worried then the worry turned to anger and the anger to fury followed by a kind of madness. Lascar began to hate everyone, including his friend Narsol. Lascar even accused Narsol of helping to take Zephillia but eventually Narsol made him realize that he had been with Lascar the whole time. He hadn’t left the school even once during the first two months of Zephillia’s absence. There was no way he could have done anything to Zephillia.
Satisfied that Narsol had nothing to do with Zephillia’s disappearance he confided in Narsol. He had the druid hire trackers and scouts to find any trace of Zephillia. Despite Narsol’s best efforts, in the one year, three months and seven days since Zephillia rode out of the academy, no one had found even one clue. If asked, Lascar could even count the minutes and seconds since he last kissed her good bye. He stayed awake for days on end, traveling from Norzen to the Tyrillian Academy time and time again hoping that he might find something he missed. Even during the month of winter, when the snow was too deep and too cold for a horse, Lascar walked to Norzen and back. Truthfully, he left in the fall and returned the next spring, taking him over four months to walk the trail. He rationalized this as taking a closer look at the trail but Narsol knew, Lascar was losing his grip on reality. His pain and obsession, combined with very little sleep, had nearly driven the prince insane.
Narsol heard tales of what happened while Lascar was gone. Villages were questioned endlessly, travelers were found dead, tortured. At first Narsol refused to believe that his student had become just like his father but eventually he realized not only had he become like Lucian, he was worse. Some of the people he tortured and killed could not possibly have had anything to do with Zephillia’s disappearance. They included an elderly couple and group of teenagers walking home from school. Perhaps the teenagers had heard the word draelic and said something they quickly regretted? Maybe the old couple didn’t recognize Prince Lascar or maybe they had been hard of hearing and the prince thought he was being ignored. Narsol came up with many reasons to keep helping Lascar, most of them poor rationalizations for the truth. The truth was Narsol, Gromthule, felt responsible.
The druid had trained this boy, this monster, it was his responsibility to somehow fix things. If he could just find Zephillia for the prince maybe Lascar could find peace. Lascar could be made whole again and the things he had done could be forgotten.
Narsol slammed the door on his house. He pulled a picture of his children from his pocket and wept.
“You would be so ashamed of your father. I have doomed us all,” Narsol slowly shifted and a large hairy druid man sat in the small house. Narsol’s clothes tore to shreds as the large druid man replaced the small green one. Gromthule’s head nearly touched the ceiling.
He put his large fist through the kitchen wall.
“You were right father!” Gromthule yelled. “I have created our destruction! It’s all my fault!” Gromthule put his large face in his hands and felt deep regret for what he had started.

Chapter 19
Lascar arrived at the bar down the road from the academy. It took him thirty minutes and during that time his anger grew. When he reached the bar he threw the doors open and one came off the hinges, flying across the room until it collided with a table. Several patrons tried to slip out the door to avoid the prince’s anger but not all of them made it. A forty year old man having a drink after a hard day’s work was the unlucky one this day.
Lascar grabbed the man by the throat and the man’s face lit up from the prince’s red eyes.
“Have you seen a blue draelic girl?” Lascar stared at the man menacingly.
“No…sir, I haven’t seen Miss Zephillia since she left, my prince,” the man struggled to breathe.
“I know you. You saddled the horse she took!” Lascar yelled.
“No, sir, she took a carriage. I am a farmer. I…I…was nowhere near her that day. I only saw her when she rode by, remember?” the man begged.
Lascar threw the man to a corner.
“I remember,” Lascar said absentmindedly. Then he recognized the man sitting at one of the back tables. It was the tracker he hired. The tracker didn’t leave, he wasn’t that stupid. He didn’t want Lascar thinking he was hiding something but he was also scared. Scared, that Lascar might kill the messenger. He had found out where Zephillia was but it was not going to make the prince happy.
“Where is she?” Lascar put his hands on the table and demanded answers.
The tracker took a slow breath.
“I found out where she is being held,” the tracker started.
Lascar’s face lit up. For the first time in over a year the prince smiled but it was short lived. The man’s words sunk in. He had said ‘held’ meaning someone was holding her.
“WHO HAS MY WIFE?!” Lascar shouted and the tracker was covered in red light.
Lascar’s grip on the table started to crush the wood and soon the table cracked down the center.
“Your father,” the tracker said meekly.
Lascar laughed. His laugh started out sounding almost joyful and the tracker smiled, but quickly it turned maniacal. Lascar thrust his hand forward and the tracker was unable to breathe.
“You think this is funny?!” Lascar asked. He hadn’t slept in four days this time. He was losing control and he knew it. He released the tracker and looked at his hands.
“No, sire. I’m just happy to be the one that finally found her. You can go rescue her now. Please, sire. I helped you,” the tracker begged.
“You will call me King Lascar or Lord Lascar from now on! My father is no longer the king! He will be dead by the end of the week!” Lascar held his hands out wide and everyone still in the bar got on their knees.
“Thank you, Lord Lascar,” the tracker said quickly getting to his knees as well.
“Thank you, for finding her,” Lascar said then left the bar.
Lascar stormed back to the academy. It only took him fifteen minutes to return. He was traveling with a purpose now. He knew where she was!
Lascar waved his hand and the gates flew open with a loud crash.
“Get me a new horse!” Lascar commanded as he passed the stable keep.
“Yes, my prince,” the stable keep replied.
Lascar stopped then turned slowly to face the stable keep.
“I am to be addressed as Lord Lascar from now on. My father has died. He just does not know it yet.” Lascar sneered.
The stable keep bowed and replied. “Yes, my king.”
Lascar headed to Narsol’s house. Once he arrived he knocked on Narsol’s door and heard a commotion inside.
Gromthule shifted quickly back into Narsol and tried to find a robe that wasn’t torn to shreds. He answered the door and saw the smile on Lascar’s face. It wasn’t a happy smile more of a self-satisfied smile. Like Lascar knew a dark secret and desperately wanted to tell someone.
“My father took Zephillia,” Lascar announced.
Narsol didn’t say a word, he just looked at Lascar, astonished, unable to believe what he had just heard.
“Good you did not know. You get to live.” Narsol’s shocked expression and lack of answer had apparently convinced Lascar of his innocence. The prince turned and strode to the middle of the darkening academy yard.
“What do you mean I get to live?” Narsol asked confused.
Lascar looked at Narsol and grinned evilly then began to shout so everyone could hear.
“My father’s greatest creation! The Tyrillian Academy! Long have you trained to rid the world of mages! That all changes TONIGHT!” Lascar shouted at the top of his lungs and students started crowding around the yard.
“Lascar, don’t do this. Don’t become your father,” Narsol begged.
“I will be greater than my father!” Lascar shouted angrily.
“Kneel before me, your new king!” Lascar shouted and his eyes lit the courtyard. Students gasped and murmured. A few of the students started to kneel. Through the crowd the Mage Hunters came at the self-proclaimed king.
“Oh, my father’s Mage Hunters. What a joke. Have you ever fought a real mage?” Lascar laughed.
The Mage Hunters took up their formation and charged Lascar. With a single wave of his hand the six of them flew across the yard.
“I SAID KNEEL!” Lascar yelled. More students knelt but still not even half. Most were too confused or too scared.
“Lascar, that’s enough!” Narsol yelled.
Lascar waved his hand and Narsol flew into a nearby wall. The druid wasn’t seriously hurt but he knew there was no stopping Lascar.
Lascar concentrated on the boy’s dorm then thrust his hand out and squeezed his fists tightly. The bottom floor of the building caved in on itself and the structure came tumbling down. Lascar then looked to the girl’s dorm and a moment of regret came over him. He had stayed there with Zephillia many nights. He couldn’t bear to destroy it. He turned his attention to the instructor’s homes. He threw energy orbs one after another, precisely hitting each of the instructor’s homes, including Narsol’s. The homes exploded with fire while students began to scream in terror.
The Mage Hunters came at Lascar again with their shields high.
“I have had enough of you!” Lascar shouted and closed both fists. The Mage Hunters all fell to the ground writhing in agony. Lascar squeezed his hands tighter and soon they were all dead.
Lascar ran toward the stables and grabbed the horse he had requested then took off out of the academy. He had wasted enough time destroying his father’s toys. It was time to kill his father!
Narsol grabbed a horse and chased after the new king. Within a few hours he caught up, just as the sun was coming over the horizon. Apparently the exertion and lack of sleep had knocked Lascar out. Now was his chance. If he could remove Lascar’s heart this would be over. At least the part he was responsible for.
Narsol eased Lascar off his horse and laid him in the grass. The grass started to wither and die around his student. Narsol looked down and saw the boy he had trained. The happy boy who called him friend. Zephillia’s husband. What would he do about Zephillia? Could he doom Zephillia and her child? Lascar was the only one that could defeat Lucian. Narsol struggled with himself. He might never get this chance again. The grass around Lascar continued to wither and die, spreading farther outward.
Narsol pulled back his hand, readying himself to take the prince’s heart but he hesitated. This boy didn’t have to be evil. Zephillia had tamed him, made him good but she was just a bandage. What would happen the next time Zephillia was in trouble? What if someone actually killed her? Lascar might destroy the world in his grief. He had to do it. Lascar was too powerful.
Narsol had paused too long and the energy that Lascar drained from the foliage woke him. He sat straight up and looked at the druid.
“I am glad I did not kill you. You are the only one I can trust.” Lascar said then he ran to his horse and took off again.
Narsol sat there in the withered, dead grass. Lascar was absorbing energy from nature. It was only a matter of time before he would figure out how to use that on people. Narsol argued with himself again. Had he made the right choice? He hadn’t actually made a choice but he had hesitated and that, in itself, was a choice. Was Zephillia’s life and the life of their baby worth the lives of the potential thousands that Lascar might kill? Narsol sat there for hours trying to decide what to do. When he finally made up his mind he jumped on his horse and headed to the castle. It was too late to stop Lascar, he had missed his one chance. His only hope now was to help the prince save Zephillia. She was all that stood between Lascar and the destruction of the world.

Chapter 20
Lascar sat atop his horse on a hill near Lucian’s castle. He looked across the countryside and at the place he used to call home. It looked so small from here. How had this small castle been his world for so many years? He had hoped to see Zephillia in the castle yard, walking around with shackles or maybe his child playing. All he saw was guards patrolling. There seemed to be a lot of guards. Much more than he had ever had as a child. There must have been forty guards patrolling. Was his father expecting him?
Lascar rode down from the hill and across the field to the front gate at the castle outer wall. Surprisingly the gate was open. Apparently he was expected after all. He got off his horse and walked slowly through the castle yard up to the front door. All the guards came rushing at Lascar.
Lascar grabbed the first one by the throat and thrust his hand out at the approaching wall of guards. The guards all fell to the ground holding their heads and screaming in pain.
 “My father thinks this pathetic band of mercenaries can stop me? He is more delusional than I thought!” Lascar thrust his hand into the guard he was holding and pulled out his heart. The guard fell limp and the prince tossed him aside like garbage.
“I think I shall tear you all apart, one by one. Then we will see what my father has to say.” Lascar announced.
The guards struggled to their feet, dropping their swords and shields, then turned and ran.
“That’s enough!” Lucian yelled from the open castle doors. Around his neck was a shiny golden disk. One of the keys Zephillia had described, his father had one.
Lucian looked a mess. His hair was unkempt and his beard had grown long. The king’s face was covered with dirt as was his torn clothing.
Lucian looked at Lascar then turned and headed inside. Lascar kept his distance and followed his father. Once they were in the throne room Lucian sat on the throne and motioned for Lascar to sit. Lascar clenched his fists to control his anger. Zephillia was here somewhere, his father would get what was coming to him, key or not.
“Glad you came, son,” Lucian said. “It’s time we settled our differences.” Lucian seemed surprisingly calm, almost like he was happy to see Lascar.
“How so?” Lascar asked apprehensively. Zephillia was nowhere in sight and there were no signs of a child. His baby should be about a year old by now. Lascar’s anger rose and he struggled to contain it. He couldn’t let his power run wild, not while Zephillia was near. If his father had already killed them then his father would regret it for a very long time but he didn’t know that for sure yet. Faamyn’s torture would be nothing compared to what Lascar would do to his father.
“First off, I have your wife and son,” Lucian started far too calmly. He acted as if he had invited them to stay with him. Something was wrong with Lucian.
Lascar started toward Lucian and Lucian held his hand out.
“Not so fast!” Lucian picked up the key around his neck and tilted it to get Lascar’s attention. “You touch me and you will feel incredible pain. This thing protects me from you.” The look in Lucian’s eyes was one of a man who had lost his mind.
“Where are they?” Lascar gritted his teeth and accepted his lot. There was nothing he could do, not yet, not until she was safe. He had to contain the power that was screaming to be loosed. He had no idea what would happen if he lost control nor how close Zephillia was to him. He couldn’t risk hurting her.
“They are in your mother’s room,” Lucian replied. “That Lastian, that’s your son’s name, by the way. He’s a quick one. Reminds me of you. I should kill him now. Save him the trouble of growing up.”
Lascar lunged for his father’s throat and an intense pain shot through his body. He fell to his knees, unable to overcome the pain.
“I warned you,” Lucian taunted then walked toward the dungeon door. “Let’s go visit the family one more time before I kill you all. I’ll make it quick. They won’t suffer. You might, but you’ve been a very naughty boy.”
Lucian opened the door and started down the steps.
Lascar got to his feet and followed. The power of that key was incredible. He needed some way to separate it from his father. Lascar was fighting handicapped. He couldn’t fight his own power and still beat Lucian’s key.
Lascar wearily walked down the steps and saw Zephillia sitting in his mother’s cage. She looked beautiful. When she noticed Lascar she rushed to the bars.
“Not so fast,” Lucian scolded. Lucian lept over to the bars of the cage and grabbed Zephillia’s arm. “One step closer and I’ll kill her first. Let’s chat for a moment before we put this to an end. I miss our little chats.”
“What do you want to talk about?” Lascar sat in the chair Lucian had left in the dungeon. He looked around but his son, Lastian, was nowhere.
Lucian noticed Lascar’s eyes scouring the dungeon.
“I wouldn’t keep a toddler down here. Ok, yes I would, but he’s been put up for safe keeping. You wouldn’t do anything stupid unless you could get both of them at once.” Lucian’s eyes darted back and forth.
“Smart father,” Lascar said. Now he knew where Lastian was. Not exactly but at least he knew he was not with Lucian.
“Don’t patronize me!” Lucian yelled and grabbed Zephillia’s arm harder. Lascar could see that it was causing her pain and he stood up. He also noticed that there was something strange about his father. He was acting funny. His eyes couldn’t focus and he was constantly running his hand through his hair. He was paranoid and easily agitated. The key was doing something to him and maybe Lascar could use it to his advantage.
“What was I saying?” Lucian looked lost for a moment. “Oh, yes. Your family.” Lucian released Zephillia’s arm and grasped the key. He squeezed the key over and over again nervously. “They are just like you.” Lucian looked Lascar in the eyes. “I had to come down here and take Lastian away because your wife took off the maids arm. No wait, that was a month ago. I took Lastian yesterday. Where did I put him?” Lucian’s thoughts were a mess and Lascar saw an opportunity.
“You took Lastian yesterday. Where is he?” Lascar asked, trying to confuse Lucian even more.
“Where did I put him? Zephillia, do you remember?” Lucian asked his prisoner.
“No, you didn’t tell me,” Zephillia answered angrily.
“We should go find him, father,” Lascar said and moved toward the stairs.
“We should,” Lucian agreed. A look came over Lucian’s face and Lascar was horrified. “Oh, you need to see this. This is amazing!” Lucian turned to Zephillia who was pressed against the bars. He thrust his hand into her chest and pulled out her heart. Zephillia looked at Lascar surprised and confused. Then her body fell limp to the floor and Lucian held out her heart to Lascar.
“What have you done?!” Lascar’s fury rose quickly.
“It’s so pretty,” Lucian said like a child. Zephillia’s heart crystalized in Lucian’s hand.
“You have no idea what you have done!” Lascar tensed his whole body trying to contain the anger that was building inside him. His eyes lit the dungeon.
Lucian held up the key and laughed.
“What will you do?” Lucian spat at his son.
“That worthless bauble will not protect you now, father,” Lascar growled. He clenched his fists and gritted his teeth. The prince walked by his father and ripped the door off the prison cell causing Lucian to jump back. He bent down and cradled Zephillia’s dead body. “She was the only thing keeping me from letting my power loose on you. I am going to tell you a story, father.” Lascar struggled against the growing power. “Hopefully your addled brain can grasp what I am saying.” Lascar looked down at his dead wife. A tear fell and landed on her forehead. Lascar bent down and kissed her one last time.
“It took weeks before she was able to touch me long enough to have sex. My power was overwhelming her. She tried and tried to build up a tolerance to it.” Lascar gently placed Zephillia’s head down and stood to face his father. His anger was growing and the intensity of his eyes as well. “She was so proud of herself the day we could finally be together that I could not be the one to tell her the truth. She deserved every happiness. I could not be the one to tell Zephillia that it was not her. She had not actually built up a tolerance to me. I had finally realized the truth. I was killing her. My body was trying to kill her. It saw her power to absorb magic as a threat.” Lascar put his hands behind his back and tried to remain calm. Lucian backed away from his son.
“Realizing this, I stopped letting her absorb my power. I forced my body to stop. You see, father, that key.” Lascar motioned to the golden disk that Lucian was now squeezing tightly. “It is trying to hurt me. Now that you have killed her I have no reason to control my power. If I stop trying to keep my power at bay it will devour your precious key.” Lascar’s voice was getting more sinister as he spoke. His robes started to smolder and a dim light was visible underneath.
“Without her I have no desire to contain my power! You killed the one person I loved! YOU KILLED THE ONE PERSON WHO COULD HAVE SAVED YOU!” The red glow from Lascar’s eyes spread like a spider web across his face then slowly filled his veins. All the veins in his body soon began to glow under his skin and his robe fell from his body, burnt and melted. Lascar let go of his constant struggle to contain his own power. He walked slowly toward his terrified father. The ground beneath Lascar’s feet started to tremble.
“Wait! She’s not really dead!” Lucian screamed. “Take it!” Lucian thrust out Zephillia’s heart. “She’s still alive!”
Lascar grabbed the crystalized heart from Lucian’s hand. The key tried to stop Lascar but the energy from the key, the energy that had produced incredible pain earlier was like throwing a glass of water into the ocean. Lascar looked at Zephillia’s heart in his hand.
“How do I bring her back?!” Lascar said, once again trying to push the power back down inside himself but it had gone too far. Lascar struggled against it but the anger and the sorrow needed release.
“I don’t know,” Lucian replied meekly.
“How do I bring her back?!” Energy erupted from Lascar’s body and Lucian was thrown against the dungeon walls. The floor started to shake then the walls of the castle. “HOW DO I BRING HER BACK?!!!” The whole castle shook and even the town down the road from the castle could feel the earth moving. Rooms above Lascar in the castle began to collapse. The guards that had run off stumbled and fell. When they looked back pieces of the castle were starting to fall off and smash against the courtyard. The statues lining the walk way fell to pieces beside them.
“Her mother!” Lucian yelled.
“Sabeen?!” Lascar replied, quieter. The walls of the castle stopped shaking. Lucian looked under Lascar’s feet and saw the stones on the floor beneath his son’s feet had disintegrated and turned to dust.
“Yes, Zephillia’s mother has a book that says how to bring her back.” Lucian fell to his knees. “Please, that is what she told me. Let me go!”
Lascar waved his hand and the bars of the prison peeled off and shot into Lucian’s body. Lascar walked slowly to his father and reached down. Lascar grabbed the key from Lucian’s hand and squeezed it. The key Zephillia had thought indestructible was crushed as if it were made of paper.
“You need that to get inside! You need me! I can help you!” Lucian groveled.
“Why? I can destroy the keys. I will just destroy her prison.” Lascar’s power radiated throughout the room. He was calmer but had no intention of controlling his power any longer.
“No, it’s a book. You risk destroying it. If you destroy the book you will never get her back. Let me help you,” Lucian begged. The prison bars had missed any major organs. Lucian couldn’t move but they would not kill him.
“Thank you, father. You have been very informative.” Lascar turned and walked toward the steps while the power in his veins subsided. “I need to control my power so that I do not destroy the book. Yes, I was not thinking clearly.” Lascar turned back to his father.
“So, you’ll let me go?” Lucian asked.
“You told me how to get her back. For that you deserve mercy,” Lascar replied calmly.
“Thank you, son. I will do…” Lucian started. Lascar closed the fist at his side and Lucian’s body imploded.
“Death is more mercy than you deserve. Goodbye father.” Lascar walked up the stairs of the dungeon and out of the doorway, parts of the castle still falling around him.
When he was outside he saw a small boy standing alone in the yard. His white hair told Lascar that this was his son. Lascar walked over to the boy and knelt down.
“I want mommy,” the toddler cried.
Lascar held out the crystalized heart.
“Your mother is stuck in here. Do you want to help me get mommy out?” Lascar asked.
Lastian reached his hand out and felt the cold, hard object. He nodded his head.
“We will get her out of here,” Lascar said then picked up his son. “I can control this power. You will see. We will get her out. It does not matter what I have to do. I do not care how long it takes. We will get your mommy back.” Lascar walked back toward the outer gates where he had left his horse.
The grass and trees gave off a black smoke, withered and died as Lascar passed them. Lascar absorbed the black smoke and his energy was replenished. By the time he had reached his horse his eyes had returned to normal. Then Lascar got on his horse with Lastian in front of him and rode off. The new king had no idea where he was going. He had no home and he couldn’t go back to the academy. He just knew that he had to find the keys.

Chapter 21
After the destruction of Lucian’s castle Lascar began the construction of his own castle. He had Astrella’s destroyed and used the stones to create a large wall around the stone at Stone’s Rest. Inside of this wall he had a castle and several other buildings constructed to hold his army. His residence was the first structure to be built and he moved into it immediately. He had taken over the draelic army and started a war with Xanthan and Tyrillia. The xeltheen were already talking about surrender but the humans wouldn’t surrender for another two years. Lastian had his own room in the royal living quarters and Lascar saw him very little. Lascar was preoccupied with taking over the continent, soon to be known as Lascaria. This horrendous loss of life was all to make it easier to find the remaining keys, which Lascar was still unable to locate.
The seven year old Lastian spent most of his time alone and with tutors, just as Lascar had as a boy. One of these tutors was Narsol. The old druid dedicated quite a lot of time to the young boy and a few weeks after Lastian turned seven he took the young prince on a trip. Narsol had watched the young prince closely as he grew and had decided that Lastian was as much a threat as Lascar himself. Narsol often regretted the day he hesitated to kill Lascar. The war that was ravaging the continent and the countless deaths were his fault. He had also found out that Lascar was secretly capturing and torturing people to get information about the keys. The evil king had grown paranoid, bitter and cruel in a few short years. There was not a spec of good left in his former student. The old druid needed to kill Lastian before he could grow into a man and help his father slaughter even more innocent people.
Narsol took the young prince out into the forest under the guise of training his magic. Narsol had told Lastian’s nanny that it was dangerous to practice this level of magic in the castle and finally she let the two go out alone. Narsol had also stolen the crushed key that Lascar kept in his room. It was damaged beyond repair but Lascar kept it in hopes that once the rest were found he could somehow get the master key to work. The old druid was going to kill Lastian and steal away the one key that Lascar had managed to find.
Stories about Zephillia and the evil things she had done with Lascar had surfaced. Lascar embellished on the things he and Zephillia had done to create fear. He thought that if people feared Zephillia then no one would try to kill her when he finally got her back but his plan had an unforeseen side effect. He had bewildered and pushed away his one and only friend. Narsol no longer wanted to reunite them. His only mission now was to undo the evil he had created and finally kill Lascar. Narsol had no idea that the evil things Lascar attributed to Zephillia had never actually happened. Zephillia had never killed a whole village of innocent people just because someone insulted her. These were the kinds of tales that Lascar told about his wife and there was no reason for anyone to doubt them.
Narsol pulled the carriage to a stop and got out the targets and dummies for Lastian to use during their practice. He instructed the boy on where to put them while he tried to figure out how to kill the prince. Narsol would not falter this time. Lastian was becoming as powerful as Lascar. Well, as powerful as Lascar let the world see. There were no witnesses to what happened with Lucian so no one knew the extent of Lascar’s real power.
Narsol pulled the dagger from behind his back and silently snuck up on the young boy. Narsol drew the dagger backward, ready to strike at Lastian’s heart. He would cut it out then remove it and hide it away with the key he had stolen. Lascar would never find either of them.
“I’m sorry you have to kill me,” Lastian said somberly. “I know how much it hurts you. I’m sorry that you have to be the one to do it but I understand.”
Narsol stopped. How did this boy know and what did he understand?
“I know I’m evil like father.” Lastian turned and saw the crushed key in Narsol’s other hand. “Before you kill me can I see what you really look like? I can fix that if you like.” Lastian pointed at the key.
Narsol had worn a robe that was much too large for him. He had recently started to do this because his actual form was so much larger than Narsol’s. He shifted and Lastian stared at the enormous, hairy man standing in front of him.
“What’s your real name?” Lastian asked, unafraid.
“My name is Gromthule,” the large druid said.
“Pleased to meet you, Gromthule,” Lastian said in a tone that sounded much older than his actual age.
Gromthule held out the key and Lastian accepted it.
“How is it that you know so much?” Gromthule asked.
“I can feel it. You’re upset that you have to kill me but you also know it’s the only way to stop me from becoming like father.” Lastian stared at the key in his hand and it slowly started to reform itself back to its original shape.
“You read minds?” Gromthule asked.
“Not really. You just show me things. Emotions and pictures.” This was a conversation that was far above a normal seven year old. Lastian apparently took after his father in intelligence as well.
“That is a rather unique gift but it’s not polite to see into people’s minds,” Gromthule said kindly.
“I know and I try not to. Sometimes it’s just hard. Some thoughts are too strong and I can’t shut them out.” Lastian watched as the key finished reconstructing itself and then handed it back to Gromthule.
Gromthule held his hand up in protest.
“No, I’m pretty sure that belongs to you,” Gromthule replied. “You know you don’t have to be like your father.” Gromthule felt he was making the same mistake that he had with Lascar but this boy had done nothing wrong. How could he murder an innocent boy because of what he might become?
“You aren’t sure. It would be safer to kill me now.” Lastian got to his knees and bowed his head. “It’s ok. I understand. I don’t want to be like father.”
“Realizing that your father is evil is a good first step. You really don’t have to be like him.” Gromthule helped the boy to his feet.
“Would you help me?” Lastian asked. “Would you help me stop father? He hurts people.”
“Yes, I would be honored to help you stop him.” Gromthule shook Lastian’s hand.
“Don’t worry, I won’t tell father about them,” Lastian said.
“Who?” Gromthule asked.
“Your children,” Lastian said. “You flashed a picture of them. They look very nice.”
“You and I need to figure out a way to block that,” Gromthule said smiling.
“I’m sorry.” Lastian looked sad.
“It’s ok. We’ll figure this out.” Gromthule put the knife away and turned back into Narsol. “We should probably work on your magic.”
“Do you really think we can stop father from hurting people?” Lastian asked.
“You’re not ready to fight him but I think we can figure out a way to trick him. Save people without him knowing. Then, when you’re ready, you can stop him.” Narsol smiled kindly at the young prince.
“We don’t have to kill him do we?” Lastian asked and this surprised Narsol. This boy, the son of the most evil man Narsol had ever known didn’t want to kill.
“No,” Narsol said with renewed hope. “We don’t have to kill anyone. Not if you don’t want to.”
“Good,” Lastian replied then continued to set up the targets.
My father changed the course of history that day and at the very least changed Gromthule’s life. However, what was to come for Gromthule’s children could not be stopped, the druid had set things in motion that even Lastian couldn’t fix. Drosal was killed trying to enact revenge, just as his father taught him. Kaelestra was captured and forced to use her abilities to turn into Zephillia at Lascar’s whim so that the evil tyrant could relive his fondest memories. Eventually Lastian rescued her and found the first woman he would fall in love with but their love was doomed from the start. They never got to be together and as part of a deal with Lascar to save Kaelestra’s life, they never would be together. This was the price for choosing to fight Lascar and Lastian accepted his fate, never giving up on what he considered right.
So as you can see, Lascar chose to be evil where as my father chose the opposite. He chose to stop Lascar and as a result many of you are alive today.
By now I hope you can at least see that evil is not preordained. You have a choice. So the next time someone cuts you off in traffic or someone accidentally knocks you down while walking home from the store. Stop and think about it before you do something you might regret. The world is what we make it. You can choose how you react, whether it be good, evil or somewhere in between. Sometimes how we react is more important than what happened to us.

Want to know when my new books are coming out? Sign up for my mailing list to receive a head’s up when my books will go live.
If you enjoy my work please leave me a review. I appreciate the feedback and enjoy hearing from my readers whether it be compliments, suggestions or criticisms.
You can also check me out on twitter @StevenSterupJr or on my website at www.StevenSterupJr.com.

Asuune Series Book 1
Curse of the Asuune

Mark Albet is thrust into a world of vampires and angels as he struggles to understand the reason behind his wife’s murder. While Mark struggles in his new reality he gets help from his longtime friend, Sarah. Mark’s feelings for Sarah grow and become confusing as she attempts to prepare him for life as an Asuune, an immortal half-angel, in their fight against vampires. Mark’s love for Sarah can never be revealed to her because each Asuune only gets one true love and Sarah already knows who hers is. If Sarah already knows who her love is then why does she insist on making Mark’s life more difficult by teasing him with sexual advances and innuendo?
Kathrine Albet, Mark’s daughter, must find her place in the Asuune world to help her father find and rescue Sarah. After accidently stumbling across this strange world of vampires and angels, Kathrine comes to realize that this new reality is exactly where she truly belongs. While helping her father she meets her true love, Paul, only to find out that this alluring man is helping the vampires. With the help of her new Asuune friends, Kathrine strikes out to find out what kind of man Paul really is and if his feelings for her are the same.


Asuune Series Book 2
Deception of the Asuune

The conclusion to Curse of the Asuune.
Kathrine Albet longs to have a peaceful life with the mysterious and ancient Asuune, Paul even though she can never have the thing she secretly wants the most, a child. Despite this desire she finds herself at the center of a devious scheme to destroy humanity. Left with no choice, Kathrine accepts the help of her family in preparing for the fight of her life. It seems that every evil being wants Kathrine’s loyalty or death. What makes her so important?

Demonic Temptations Series (2018)
My new series will be set in the world of the Asuune but in a parallel story line, after the events of Deception of the Asuune. This story line will involve demons instead of angels. I don’t want to give away any spoilers but let me say that some of the events from the Asuune series effect demons. You will even come across some of the characters from the original series as well.

Demonic Temptations - Incubus Tormented / Succubus Forgotten
The first two stories in the Demonic Temptations series in one book.
Incubus Tormented
Shawn has a rare disease that causes insanity in the women he is involved with. Sometimes it takes months, others, only hours. A mysterious letter leads him to a doctor that has a rare disease herself. Dr. Lisa is amazing and very understanding of his problem. If he didn't annoy her so much they just might be able to have something resembling a relationship. Neither of them can have sex so it would be the perfect match.
Lisa specializes in rare diseases and even has one of her own. The men she has sex with get sick and eventually die. She had it under control but something has changed recently, possibly because she hasn't had sex in years. The images in her head won't stop and she feels like she is going insane. The worst part is that they are about Shawn, her best friend and patient. Every time he is in the room she can barely keep her hands off him. Is this the result of his disease or hers, maybe both?

Succubus Forgotten
Samantha breaks her rule of only helping half-demons when Ceralin's older brother Thomas needs her special kind of help. However, this isn't the only reason. Cassandra, the woman Thomas will need to rescue, isn't just any demon.
Thomas is tricked into helping a lost girl who reminds him of his sweet little sister, Ceralin, whom he abandoned millennia ago. His guilt forces him to help the frail redhead Cassandra but that isn't the reason he can't leave her. Thomas knows he will abandon Cassandra just like he did his sister. Can Thomas overcome his greatest enemy to keep Cassandra safe? Even if her greatest threat is himself?


Lascaria Series Book 1
Lascaria - Evil Reborn

The evil king Lascar ruled over Lascaria with an iron hand for nearly 1000 years.  His mysterious disappearance and absence for the last 50 years has allowed the people of Lascaria peace and prosperity.  When his son Lastian has a child, the evil king returns to reclaim his throne and his kingdom.  What is so special about his grandson, Dhrel?
Dhrel wants a simple life with his family but his grandfather, the evil king Lascar, has other plans for his grandson.  As Dhrel and his family try to escape the evil king they begin to realize that Lascar has another agenda entirely.  Will they figure out his plan before it's too late?  Dhrel must learn to control his magic to defend his family from the evil king.
Kriista, the daughter of the evil king Lascar has always been a faithful supporter of her father.  Recent events and actions by her father have put everything she knew into question.  Is her father really evil or the misunderstood monarch that she has always believed?  He has always been strict but since his sudden return he has become paranoid and sees conspiracies where there are none.  Perhaps everything she believed in was a lie.

Lascaria Series Book 2
Lascaria – Sins of the Ancestors
 
After the loss of their loved ones, Kriista and Dhrel struggle to comprehend Lascar’s true plan.  With Zephillia’s resurrection Lascar appears to have won, but there is more to it than Dhrel and Kriista realize.  They need to figure out what is really going on before it is too late.  What else does the evil king have planned for them?  Can they stop him before they end up like everyone else that dared defy the evil king Lascar?

Lascaria Series Book 3
Lascaria – The Prisoner Queen
 
Kriista and Dhrel continue on their journey to stop their evil grandfather. As Zorlen's power continues to grow they realize that they will need help defeating Lascar and Zorlen. With this in mind they set off to find their cousin Raylee who is in Katzack prison. Raylee, the oldest living offspring of Lascar, might be their last hope for defeating the evil king.

Lascaria Series Book 4
Lascaria – The Legend of Lascar (Coming Soon)
 
Witness the events that led to Lascar becoming an evil tyrant, hell bent on destruction. Discover the story behind the evil king as Dhrel reveals what he has learned from his father’s research. Explore Lascar’s youth, from his time as a young boy with a cruel king for a father, through the devastating loss of the only person he ever cared about. After reading this harrowing tale of love, betrayal and loss see if you can answer the question that has never been definitively answered. Was Lascar born evil, did circumstances make him evil or did he choose evil?

Lascaria Series Book 5
Lascaria – The Shadow King (End of 2017 or beginning of 2018)
The exciting conclusion to the Lascaria series.
When Kriista went missing eleven years ago Dhrel was left caring for Lexianna, her daughter. He was forced to accept the one thing he never wanted, responsibility. Now that Lascar is breaking free from his prison Dhrel must put his plan into action, ready or not. The first order of business is finding Kriista. His sister is a huge part of his plan to defeat his evil grandfather once and for all. Dhrel's plan and his life fall apart as his niece discovers who and what they all really are. Can Dhrel recover or is his grandfather destined to rule over Lascaria once again?

Other works
Raven’s Embrace

Fawn, although most people know her by her code name Raven, is one of the best assassins in the world. When she takes on a very lucrative job to kidnap, then kill the prince, she realizes that the bumbling fool isn’t the cruel womanizer she’s been led to believe. She thought assassins were deceptive, nobles and royals are worse. Can she find her way through this web of lies before it is too late? Despite his roguish charm and possible innocence, she has a job to do and Raven always kills her mark.
When Alexander Kurn, the prince of Selenthal, wakes up in a prison cell, he is surprised to find out that the most beautiful woman he’s ever seen has kidnapped him. While trying to find a way out of his situation he comes to realize that she is even more deadly than she is beautiful. Someone wants him dead and this gorgeous assassin might be his only hope for survival. If he could only figure out why she seems to detest him he might just get out of this.

The Fire Maiden’s Desire

The sexy redhead Rachel is cursed to give birth to a demon that will devour her and destroy the world. Her only hope is a mysterious man she can’t find. A new prediction from a strange old woman leads her to believe that her sidekick Jack may be her best hope at finding this man. The only problem is that Jack is the man of her dreams. Can she resist her desires for the handsome thief long enough to survive her curse? Perhaps one night with the stunning Jack is worth dying for.

Jack Craylet has a problem. He is in love with his best friend, the curvaceous, fiery haired Rachel. He’d follow her to hell and back, maybe even die for her but she doesn’t know he exists. He has no clue why she insists on traveling around the kingdom nor what she’s really looking for but the secretive maiden has his loyalty. Even when she seems smitten with another man he can’t help doing everything in his power to make sure she is happy.




