







There is more to the man Sam Beital than meets the eye. More than his brief blip in our history books, and perhaps more than the strings that pulled him. He was as pivotal as any of the greats and as ridiculed as the childhood monsters we at last abandon under the bed.

Marcus Smith



Chapter One

“No.” The teacher flicked the wooden dowel lightly across the backs of Leah’s hands which she drew back too late. It stung a little, but Miss Wevir never hit very hard. “B natural, not B flat. I’ve told you that several times. Start at the beginning of the page.” She was already looking back at the black notes dotting the page in front of Leah like squat black pen mistakes.
She quelled a smile that she didn’t understand. It wasn’t funny, but it came anyways, like it so often did with her father. She played the song again, stumbling and hitting several more accidental notes, but carefully ensuring that she hit every B natural—including a few that should have been B flat.
Miss Wevir sighed through her nose—like a lady, but somehow Leah sensed her thoughts weren’t very ladylike at present.  
She didn’t feel especially bad.
There was a soft knock at the door before a finely dressed manservant opened it. “Miss Wevir, a letter has arrived.” He stepped forward to hand it over.
Leah shot like an arrow for the door. Just before she crossed the threshold she was snagged by her collar by the experienced manservant and dragged choking back into the music room.
“Let her go, Felix,” Miss Wevir said, not sparing another glance for her. “Don’t let your father catch you.”
She didn’t hesitate to give her another chance to rethink Leah’s previous track record with her father and fled through the hall and parlor into the city outside. Her feet pattered against the hard surface of the street as she ran back to her father’s estate or more specifically the grounds. Only then did she realize she’d left her shoes in Miss Wevir’s dance room, but Leah did not return. She had never outgrown a pair of shoes that she could remember.
“Sorry!” she called to a lady bedecked in so many skirts that Leah was surprised she had almost been able to knock her over. When she turned her head forward again, she was confronted with a split-second view of a large belly and plaid pants before she and the fat man hit the cobblestones. Knowing she would be in greater trouble if she stayed to apologize, she scrambled to her feet and took off again, accidentally kicking him in his over-large gut as she did so. There was shouting behind her, but it all disappeared in the air whooshing past her ears and the stinging of her elbows and knees. 
Her speed came to an abrupt and somewhat painful halt when a beefy forearm caught her around the middle. A hand on the collar soon followed, speaking of experience if not with Leah, then with other slippery children. Leah followed the hand and forearm up to the face of a clean-shaven, hawk-nosed old man with jowls that hung down like an old dog.
“Slow down there, you can’t just go bowling people over.”
“I’m in a hurry,” she said, displeased about being so soon caught, and by someone she didn’t even know, no less.
From her close proximity, she could feel the swell of a rumbling chuckle, though the noise barely broke through his throat. It seemed to exist mostly in his belly. This fascinated her, briefly anyways.
“I can see that. Come inside for a minute.” He turned back to his little cottage and she took off the other way without another thought. Not so experienced after all. That was the first time Leah met Silas and the last she saw or thought of him for four years.
~     ~     ~
Leah poked moodily at her food. Her father had given her a tongue-lashing after discovering she had skipped lessons again when Miss Wevir had sent Felix to report that she hadn’t shown up. To make matters worse, her father’s sister’s family was there with their incorrigible boy Rowan. He was utterly insufferable under Leah’s mature opinion. At fourteen he was two years older than she and liked to hold this and his “privilege” of being a boy over her. Their arguments had ranged from this to bees and wasps, with Leah accumulating over thirty stings at the age of ten as a result of attempting to prove that bees left their stingers in you. He had argued that they hadn’t, but Leah had personal experience to suggest otherwise. What they found was not one bee, but a nest, and not a nest of bees, but of wasps. They both learned what wasps were, and although Rowan still argued he’d been correct, just mistaken in insect, Leah thought she was technically right, and the winner of that particular argument. That was perhaps what was most frustrating about him. Even when Leah was right, he refused to acknowledge it. That particular thought soured even the trifle she had just started on, having succeeded in the most part at keeping respectably quiet. It was the only thing she could do to please her father, and, to be honest, she knew it was a good idea at present.
 Rowan gave her a smug half-smile as if sensing her thoughts and started what he knew was going to be a contentious topic as the adults’ conversation suddenly rose in volume from laughter.
“I heard you missed your little etiquette lesson earlier today. It’s a shame. Although I think it might be a waste of time to teach etiquette to an ape.”
“Is that why they finally let you graduate from your tutor? After all, if etiquette is beyond the grasp of an ape, then surely numbers must be even worse. Besides, I’m not sure you even reach the level of primate.”
Rowan’s lips turned up in a grimacing smile.
“It’s such a shame you’re all your father’s got,” he remarked, low enough the adults couldn’t hear even though their laughter had died down. “Better to have no children than you.”
It was true. Her father had expressed almost the exact sentiment not half an hour earlier. That was the real problem with Rowan. He told her the truth about her, and the truth was not kind. It was another thing she hated him for. Hated that he had the advantage of more useful lessons. That he would make more decisions in regard to his own life. That his parents...well that they didn’t hate him. She wouldn’t go so far as to want his parents’ love to be mirrored in her father. She didn’t need that. She didn’t need him. All she needed was to be left alone. 
Leah winked before she stood—her left knee cracking loudly as she did so. She pretended to buckle over because she hadn’t pushed her chair back far enough. Her father called her clumsy so often she thought it fairly believable. Her hands shot forward to catch herself, sending her cup flying so that a spray of burgundy dotted Rowan’s white shirt. Some of it accidentally stained her aunt’s dress as well, but it couldn’t be helped. She was a bitter old cow anyways.
She was so busy at first savoring the look of shocked indignation on his face that she almost forgot to look apologetic and gasp. She did so belatedly. 
For all the trouble she had caused, she had never been very good at deception. Maybe that was the real root of her problems.
It was quiet for a moment, stunned on the part of Rowan’s parents. The scrape of her father’s chair as he pushed it back was deafening in the weight of silence that followed. Her smugness snuffed out abruptly.
He walked around the edge of the table and hauled her along with a firm grip on her upper arm. It was so tight that Leah couldn’t help trying to pry it off as his fingers seemed to bite into her very bone. It was no use, it never was. Her father was a strong man. They went far enough through the hallways to be out of hearing distance before he slung her around to face him, his eyes glowing in the dim lighting from a torch with an anger and passion she didn’t usually witness in him. She knew then that he hadn’t been fooled for a second, or perhaps he didn’t care if it was an accident. Clumsiness or willful disruptions were both reprehensible. 
“You are a disgrace, a pitiful excuse for your station. That will be the end of skipping lessons, throwing juice at guests, or any like behavior or I will throw you out on your ungrateful behind so help me the judges. You will be a beggar in the streets, groveling for your food, subject to the basest form of life. I’ve had enough of your proud, resentful demeanor. You were born a noble, act like one. A temper like that isn’t tolerated among the well-bred.”
He released her abruptly and strode back in the direction of the gladan, his sharp footsteps echoing off the walls. And then they were gone, leaving her trembling in the shadowy recesses of the cold castle.
 She dashed angrily at the tears that were springing to her eyes. The blackness of the halls and doorways suddenly seemed so much darker and more foreign, full of shifting shapes and impressions. She began to walk, and then run to her bedroom, afraid of what lurked there. Her pulse continued to throb in her ears as she safely shut the door to her bedroom behind her, wishing for the bolt that had once locked it shut. Even her bathroom didn’t have a lock on it anymore.
 The tears began to fall in earnest, and the room in front of her blurred slightly as she approached her bed. Slowly, she sat on it, the mattress sinking under her weight. He was right. She was a failure. Even when she tried, she could never seem to do it right. She was an embarrassment to him, to herself really. It would have been better if she had been born a street urchin. Then at least she’d have an excuse to be stupid, ugly, and unmanageable. Leah laid back, looking at the dark swaths of the canopy curtains over her head.
A memory flitted across her mind. Of a library bathed in light, her father seated in a rich red armchair reading a book. It was one of her earliest. Leah couldn’t remember how old she had been. Anywhere from four to six maybe. But she remembered being well-dressed in a calico blue dress with short white socks and buckle shoes. She remembered vaguely that she had always been dressed neatly like that. With care. She had come to seek her father out and had climbed onto his lap with a sense of familiarity Leah couldn’t believe had ever existed. Her father had pulled her close, resting his hand on the back of her head, compressing the tight curls. She remembered how he’d looked down at her, his eyes almost completely green in the light. Like her own. His fingers curling through her hair.
“Your hair is getting so long little Leah.”
Leah remembered the feel of his prickly stubble as her small hands had passed over his cheeks, her belly against his chest.
“Your mother’s hair was like yours.”
Leah remembered the consternation of thought, not really concerned at the absence of a mother at that stage, but intensely curious.
“Where is she?” At that time, she had been unable to place his expression, and try as she might, she couldn’t recall it well enough to now either.
“I don’t know. She left. But she was very beautiful. You look like her. Sometimes you remind me of her, but I am glad I have you. I would rather have you any day. You are sweet to the center meiha.”
Leah couldn’t remember any more after that, and her next memories seemed to lose more and more of the sunlight from the library as she had grown older until all she knew of her father was the intense line of his mouth and the clouded brow.
~     ~     ~
Out of boredom, and some sheer stupidity, the next day Leah found herself watching Rowan and his instructor as they practiced his swordplay. Jealousy spawned yet more hatred towards him, and she sat and steamed about the unfairness of life and petty things. Her temperament improved somewhat when Rowan was chastised for not paying enough attention and sloppy defense. 
“Honestly,” the instructor said through a thick mustache and accent. “I think with your attitude your father is wasting his money and your time. Focus boy.”
Rowan’s cheeks heated to a bright red, and although he didn’t look over to where Leah sat, she sensed he knew she was smirking. She left him there, not wanting to give him a chance to redeem himself and sour the perfect memory. Perhaps in part, it was also because she knew if she stayed until he was finished, he would talk to her, and it wouldn’t end well. 
Leah didn’t want to go back inside so she slipped through the woods towards the city. Her father’s guards mainly watched the castle as it was surrounded by dense forest that could be penetrated from any direction. He didn’t have many either, keeping it as minimalistic as the rest of the staff. Not many people visited the Baron of Twilfur, for political reasons or otherwise, and Leah could only remember the guards actually encountering someone hostile once. A young man had attempted to make it past the guards, screaming obscenities at her father for the punishment passed upon his sister. Her father was the justice for Twilfur and for the area surrounding it. He was little used though—people preferred to settle their own arguments rather than bring it to the nobility. Not much happened in Twilfur anyways, not that Leah paid much attention. It was the least of her worries. She doubted if she would make it to the age of inheritance, not without being disowned or something of the sort. Put away maybe. Or worse—married off to some rich...fool. Stronger words came to mind, but she wasn’t that fractious, at least not yet.
Leah stared up at Miss Wevir’s medium-sized city house, which she always did before she went in; it was an awe-inspiring edifice. Usually, governesses taught in the homes of their students, but Miss Wevir was an exception. In an impulsive decision, she pushed the door open without knocking and was pleased to see no one present. Even when she was early Felix was always there waiting. He would have made an excellent bodyguard, or perhaps she had simply honed his reflexes. Leah hesitated for a moment before she walked forward and began to ascend the grand staircase. None of her classes were upstairs so she had never been up it, and it beckoned to her as most forbidden things do to the feeble in common sense. Leah slid her hand on the polished wooden rail, the lights from overhead winking on the glossy red surface. The warm glow of her surroundings beckoned her up the last few steps where a painting of blacks, whites, and greys swirled ambiguously on the wall. Leah studied it for a moment, completely distracted by its abstractness.
 She tensed at a sudden creaking sound, listening for more, but the sound was isolated, and she attributed it to house noises. Leah looked down the left side of the hallway before starting down the right, which was longer. Her bare feet padded lightly on the floors that gleamed dully in the dimmer light upstairs. She wasn’t sure if she wanted to get caught or not yet. Miss Wevir might or might not tell her father, and in the case that Miss Wevir might, it was pretty foolish to be up here. Leah swallowed; her father had never been one for empty threats. She refused to dwell on that for long. She just wouldn’t get caught then.
The first door she skipped over since interesting things were not generally found behind the first door. She pulled down the handle of the second though, leaning through the gap to evaluate its potential. Inside was a cluttered mess of drawings and paintings, with brushes, easels, and blank canvases perched on spindly wooden legs brushing up against each other. She almost closed the door in search of more than half finished art but decided to peruse instead. Might be the most interesting thing in Miss Wevir’s old house.
Leah picked her way carefully through the space as she examined the creations. Some of them were idyllic and bright, like one of a mountain sheepherder in a meadow full of sheep, but most were darkly wistful. They made her insides squirm, but she found herself continuing to look, propelled by a burning curiosity.
A dark-haired woman with hair falling over her face stood half finished, her tears glinting through the strands. Miss Wevir seemed so proper. She seemed like someone who would paint the royal family and their dog rather than canvases swathed in blacks and browns. Not to mention some of the more, Leah didn’t know the word for those paintings yet. One, in particular, caught her eye. A young woman in the back of a ballroom with a crystal cup full of a dark liquid watched the centerpiece of the painting—an elegantly dressed man, with hair that fell just so over his face as he laughed with another woman. Another of a couple in a park grey from thick rain. Hair was plastered to the couple’s close faces. Leah found that it awoke a deep and uncomfortable hunger in her. She had never seen her father act that way. This was a world she had not known. Except she wasn’t sure it was a world that she wanted to know. Her discomfort began to fester at the blatant intimacy these fictional characters expressed, and she found herself stepping back. She was about to turn away for good when a penetrating dark brown eye caught her own. 
The painting was sitting askew behind a half-finished outline of a woman in a nightgown. It was a drawing of a young man with eyes that caught her own and seemed to pick her very mind. He had a brown mustache that curled up at the ends, his eyes were a dark, thoughtful brown, the background was a dark, splotchy brown, and the man was wearing brown. It felt warm, and... reminiscent. His dark woody eyes had little circles of reflected light that made them seem real—almost more than real. They were more expressive than any eyes she'd seen and looked deep and... empathetic. Like he knew how bad Leah was, and seemed to understand her guilt and remorse. But she hadn’t really done anything truly bad, well maybe her father thought so. She was just imagining things. Who was he? A figment of Miss Wevir’s imagination? He seemed too real for that. His round glasses and neatly parted brown hair, as well as his dark shirt and vest, were only about ten years out of date. A relative? A deceased husband? After studying it for half a minute, she made her way back to the exit. 
Before she left, she gave one more glance at the disparate collection and closed the door on the emotionally vivid room, finding that she wished she had skipped it. Maybe she should leave. She hadn’t been caught yet, and there were other things to do in the city. 
Except there wasn’t really. Twilfur was hardly a city. Leah hesitated in the hallway, fingertips still resting on the knob of the room she had just left. Indecision was the worst way to go though. Worse than either choice would be. Caught with no pleasure. Leah continued down the hallway.
She opened the next door and peered in. The room was dim from heavy curtains pulled across the only window but the crack in them shed enough light to illuminate an old writing desk with papers strewn across the surface as well as dusty red carpet and two large armchairs. Leah slipped into the room and walked around to the back of the desk so she could better study the papers. Beautiful handwriting spilled across the off-white paper and several pens and pencils lay haphazardly across the desk.  Leah read several lines of a poem and paused in mild befuddlement. She looked down at the author: Micah Smith. She picked up another paper and dropped it in shock after reading several lines. She stole a look back at the bottom. John Percy Swan. Leah rifled through several more letters, but most of them seemed to continue in this vein. She stopped reading them because of the content, but her cheeks still burned slightly, and the room felt hotter than it had a few minutes before. Miss Wevir was very pretty, but wasn’t she sort of old? A sort of guilty sensation stole through her, and for once in her life, she found herself actually regretting her decision to cause trouble before she’d even been caught. She didn’t really want to know about Miss Wevir’s...her, whatever this was. 
Leah shuffled the papers to look somewhat like they did before but couldn’t really remember so just left them. She was just stepping around the desk when the door groaned open slowly, and Leah jumped at the horrible noise. She snapped her head up to see Miss Wevir standing there with her hip against the door frame and an eyebrow cocked.
“Early, are we?” Leah shifted uneasily, feeling the need to start running, or moving, or something. “And snooping I see.  I think you already know your father will be hearing about this, judging from that look on your face.”
“No, wait! I just...it just…” Leah could not think of a single excuse. She just what? She was bored, that was what, and that would only make Miss Wevir angrier.  “Please, he’s already so angry with me. Please, Miss Wevir. I really will be good. Anything, I’ll make it up to you.”
The woman made a tut-tut noise and pushed off the doorframe with her hip. “Leah, you’ve had so many chances. Years of chances. No other governess would have tolerated you as I have. They would have left five years ago. Now, go ahead and run along, like you always do. There is nothing that you can do about what you’ve already done.”
Leah’s blood beat in her ears. How could she have been this stupid? She hadn’t even made it a day; she would be out on the streets with nowhere to go and no one to help her. She had nothing. No friends, no family who cared, and no knowledge of how to survive. She was seized by a wild idea and she spoke without thought.
“I’ll rat you out if you tell my father. I’ll tell him about your letters. You know how my father is. He won’t like that.” Leah began to realize the value of the card she had as Miss Wevir’s mouth twitched downwards in an expression she usually reserved for the filthiest of creatures and sometimes Leah.
“My Leah, when did you become so shrewd? But who would believe you? A child’s witness against a prestigious governess. No less, a disgrace of a child, a disgrace to the name of nobility.” The statement hung in the air, but Leah sensed she was going to say more. Miss Wevir was right—but Leah had also never been much of a liar. Her father knew that. “However,” she continued, “There are always a few weak-minded vagrants that believe insipid rumors, so I’ll cut you a deal. I tire of you. Don’t you ever disgrace my threshold again. I don’t want to see your ugly little face if I don’t have to. Second, if you get found out and it’s your fault, don’t take me with you. That would be your favor to me and we both know you owe it to me. I have put up with your little tirades and attitude for years and have been more than fair. If you are caught, tell him I gave you a letter to give to him, but you tore it up instead. You didn’t want him to know the truth.” Leah blinked. Was this freedom, beckoning to her? “In return, I won’t tell your father, I wash my hands of you. Find someone to forge my reports to him, because I won’t. There, I even gave you some advice. You would never have remembered that, would you? I send them at the end of each month.”
There was a pregnant pause, and Leah realized Miss Wevir was waiting for a response. “Yes Miss Wevir,” she said and began to edge slowly around her and out the room. Miss Wevir sat languidly at her desk, looking down at the papers strewn across it with a vacant expression.
She took off towards the stairs and descended them with more spring in her step than she could ever remember having in that house.
“I’ll let myself out,” she said to Felix who, oddly, didn’t pursue her. Then again, she didn’t usually look like this when running away. 
She paused for a moment on the top step, intoxicated by the glorious freedom and escape from starvation in the streets, but not sure what to do next. Eventually, she wound up in the marketplace, the farthest part of the city from the castle. She threaded her way through the wealth of people, stopping at almost every stand that wasn’t produce to look at the unfamiliar merchandise. Her father provided everything Leah needed but not really anything more. She didn’t go shopping and he only had her measured for new dresses when she had outgrown the last ones—sometimes a little after she’d outgrown them. He disliked “frivolities”. She ran a colorful silk scarf across her palm wondering why this was a frivolity, whatever that meant. The fabric was vibrant but so thin that unless folded upon itself it looked almost entirely see-through, giving the world a colorful hue when she peered through it. How did they make it like that? A man with a sparse beard and baleful eyes gave her a look akin to that which he would have had if she’d just broken into his house.
“Are you going to buy it?” he asked. Leah considered answering maybe. But she had never handled money in her life, and she knew he wouldn’t believe it.
“No.”
“Then don’t touch it.”
Leah frowned but left the stand. He wouldn’t have said that if she was older. She wandered around the city again after her thorough inspection of the market until she judged enough time had passed that she should head back. To never have to stumble through Soldier’s March or sing Elizabeth’s Song again. It almost made her want to sing after all—something that she had come to loathe because of Miss Wevir’s criticism of her voice.  
“Haven’t changed much, though I see you’ve slowed down a bit.”
Leah stopped skipping, her cheeks fiery as she turned to see the old man she had run into years before. He hadn’t changed much either, his burly shoulders heavy and rounded under the worn white shirt rolled up to his elbows. His forearms were massive, toned, and hairy, and he wore a grungy dark yellow vest over his shirt. Leah noticed it wasn’t buttoned, and she wondered if it actually could. While he wasn’t fat really, his stomach wasn’t exactly flat either.
“I’m not in a hurry,” she sniffed, trying to atone for the childishness of her skip.
“I can see that, come inside for a minute.”
Leah turned to look down the street but didn’t run. She couldn't dupe the old man twice.  And she still had time before she was supposed to be back.
The inside was tiny compared to what she was used to, although cozy might be a better word. A small kitchen area occupied one half with a narrow hallway in the farthest corner. An assortment of chairs and a table occupied the other half. A matronly woman with a faded red apron was cooking something in the kitchen, but looked up and smiled when they came in. Leah attempted to smile back but it pulled unnaturally at her mouth. Who were these people?
“Silas, who have you brought? Would you like some hot cocoa?” 
“Sure,” she said, unsure of what it was. Maybe it was alcoholic, her father never let her try anything with alcohol.
The old man sat heavily in a beat-up wooden chair and gestured for her to do likewise. She did, and as she did so she began to realize he might not have been as old as she’d originally thought. He had deep worry wrinkles in his forehead, but he also had prominent laughter lines around his eyes. Despite this, his skin looked younger than that of an old man. It was also much tanner now than the first time she’d seen him, and she wondered why. His hair was a mixture of greys from the dark steely tone of thunderclouds to the color of old ashes. It was his muscle tone though that convinced her he wasn’t really that old—old men didn’t have arms like that, or at least they shouldn’t.
“You’re the baron’s daughter, the little girl that causes so much trouble. Who throws things when she’s angry.”
Leah felt her face heat up yet again. “Only at rude people.”
“I’m surprised no one’s thrown things at you yet. Aren’t you supposed to be somewhere right now?”
“I was let off early,” she said a little sullenly.
“That explains the skipping then. How is the old castle? I used to be your grandfather's guardmaster though it’s been a little while since then.”
She snorted at that, mostly in annoyance that he referred to things like her whole lifespan as a little while. Also, though, that this old, fat man would claim to be anything more than a tired butcher.
“Careful, Ethel just wiped that down.”
Leah looked up from the knothole she had been studying and frowned at the rude man.
“I should throw something at you,” she said, regretting the childishness of the words as soon as they’d come out. 
He rolled his eyes which surprised her since it was a gesture she didn’t usually see from adults.
“Come on outside I want to show you something.”
He lumbered across the worn wooden floors and opened a small, paint-chipped back door which he would have had to stoop through to exit, only he didn’t. He stumbled backward and muttered some unintelligible words under his breath as he grasped his forehead. Leah didn’t quite repress the smile that crept up her face, but hastily tried to as Ethel glanced at her, her cheery eyes suddenly a lot less cheery.
“Silas,” she said sharply. “Better watch your tongue while we have a little lady.” Leah was still trying to make out what he’d said. Gr—Gi...It wasn’t either of the swear words she knew. Besides, she wasn’t a lady.
Silas grunted but didn’t turn around as he stooped and walked out. Leah got up reluctantly and moved to follow.
“Don’t forget to come back for your cocoa. It’s almost done now,” the woman said, smiling at Leah. Leah nodded and tried to assemble an appropriate expression. She wasn’t really sure what that would be for the situation though, so she just stumbled quickly after Silas.
Beyond the door, there was a path, an herb garden, a vegetable garden, several small trees, and a shed which Silas was opening. Leah followed. She wasn’t sure what she was expecting in the rickety building, not much of anything she supposed. Certainly not a room with weapons from the floor to the ceiling on three walls. It seemed like a lot of swords for one retired man.
 She stood carefully on the threshold that had several nails sticking up and gazed at the rows of dull metal skeptically. Was he trying to prove that he had indeed worked for her grandfather? He reached up and picked a large sword from the hooks it’d been sitting on.
“This is my favorite,” he said, holding it horizontally on his palms. “Ethel doesn’t like me to keep my little collection in the house. My name is Silas by the way, although I suppose my wife already mentioned it. You’re young little Leah. Not so little anymore, hitting a growth spurt I suppose.” When she said nothing he continued, “Well I wouldn’t want to take any more of your precious free time. Feel free to run along, but don’t forget to grab some cocoa before you go.”
Leah turned, feeling somewhat confused by the encounter, and followed the path back to the house. Ethel smiled again as she came back through the back door and offered her a cup of steaming brown liquid. Leah took it but drank it standing as she watched the woman sprinkle flour on a small counter before kneading what looked like a fat man’s belly on it. 
She judged that it was probably not alcoholic. The flavor was bitter and dark, but she thought it was chocolate flavored. Horrible chocolate. And a lot of it. The mug was large to begin with and had been filled to the brim. She preserved through large, burning, acrid swallows—drinking as fast as was humanly possible in order to end this excruciating experience.
“Like it that much? Let me fix you another. My boy Hyrum just loves it too. Can’t get enough.” She’d taken Leah’s mug and was already starting to refill it, causing Leah to nearly panic, but manners prevented her from interrupting. There was no way she was drinking another mug full of the vile liquid. “Always the first thing he wants when he gets back. Knew I saw a little bit of him in you.” She tried to put the cup back in Leah’s hands, but she backed up.
“I’m sorry, um, Ethel, but I really have to get going. I’m really sorry,” she added again, feeling guilty for the falseness. 
 “Well take some cookies with you then,” Ethel said brushing her hands on her apron after setting the mug on the counter and digging a jar out of a cupboard. 
“Ah, that’s all right…” Leah trailed off as Ethel held the jar out to her. She took one.
“Have a few.”
She took another.
“You’ll want more than that.” she shook the jar, making the cookies rattle slightly. 
She took another. She could just throw them to the birds if they were as hard as they sounded.
“Do you want any for your friends?”
Friends? Leah shook her head. “That should be good, thanks.”
“Well if you ever get hungry, just stop on by. I’m home most of the time.”
Leah nodded as she struggled with the door with one hand, even more eager to be gone, but took one last look back as she finally wrested it open. Ethel smiled fondly at her, completely oblivious to Leah’s obvious shortcomings.
 She decided Ethel had a very nice smile.


Chapter Two

Rowan was still angry about the previous day, but Leah found her own anger had simmered away after the strange turn of events that day and was not interested enough in him to take his bait again at dinner. He talked to her only once for the remainder of his stay, just before his family was about to depart. Leah was standing off to the side of where his mother and two younger sisters were climbing into the carriage, glad to see them gone. Her aunt Lyla found as much fault in her as her father did but was much more vocal about it. Rowan’s older sister was impeccable in nearly every way and insufferable for it, while his younger sister was just a plain simpleton at this stage of development. Leah didn’t really hate her, but she was plenty annoying. 
Rowan mounted his horse and guided it over to where she stood on the short-clipped lawn. His dark brown hair lifted lightly in the breeze, and he cut a striking figure despite his youth. He would probably be really handsome when he was older, she acknowledged to herself. He pulled up on the reins when he had cut in front of her, blocking her view of the carriage. He leaned slightly over, his face dark against the bright contrast of the sun behind him.
“You are worthless, you know that?” his voice was quiet enough his mother couldn’t hear, although Leah had full confidence the woman would have turned a deaf ear anyways. “Your father is going to try to marry you off as soon as he can, but nobody will want you. You have a temper, you don’t act like a lady, and you’re not even pretty.”
“Come up with that all by yourself? I didn’t know you knew how to put two thoughts together,” she said, trying to look defiant, and turned back to the crumbling castle. It was a paltry insult to the biting truth in his words, but she had nothing else. Her tongue seemed to have lost its sharp edge, and she started walking back so as not to give it another chance to fail her.
He said nothing in return, and by the time Leah had reached the castle, the carriage carrying his mother and sisters was turning the last visible bend in the trees. Rowan’s dark horse must have pulled ahead of them because she could no longer see it. 
Since she had little else to do with no pretend lessons that day, she mounted the stairs to her bedroom, resigned to boredom. It was either that or trouble, and for once Leah was trying to adhere to her flimsy committal to be more pleasing to her father.
She pushed open her door and flopped on the bed, mind wandering to Rowan’s words. Her father was not really preparing her to inherit. Leah didn’t know what his plans were. She hadn’t been educated in the slightest in the machinations of nobility and estates. Perhaps he intended for his son-in-law to govern this place. Probably figured there wasn’t anyone worse than Leah for the job.
It wasn’t her fault he didn’t even try. Voice and etiquette lessons were hardly important in the makings of a good judge. She was not being prepared to inherit, she was being prepared to be married, to be polished. Rough edges knocked off and made smooth. The idea seemed to shovel a pit into her stomach because she wasn’t sure if there would be much left afterwards. 
~     ~     ~
The market colors and noises swirled around Leah, but they were starting to hold less and less appeal. There was only so many times she could finger the carvings of a friendlier vendor or stand on the fountain edge and watch large women emerge from the cloth and ribbon shop loaded with parcels. It must take that much fabric to cover themselves, she thought, ignoring the small squirm of guilt at the thought.  
She wandered the streets, studying the houses and occasional shop or smithy. Eventually, she found herself in front of the little cottage once more. Were they busy? Would they be annoyed if she just showed up? He was the one always holding her up. 
She knocked a little too loudly and was relieved when Silas opened the rough wooden door instead of Ethel.
“Back so soon?” 
Leah was beginning to understand the lines around his eyes, but the origins of the deep crevices on his forehead remained a mystery to her. She rocked back and forth on her feet with her hands clasped behind her back.
“You didn’t tell me why it was your favorite,” she said hesitantly, not having planned this far ahead.
He moved aside to allow her in, and she scooted a chair out for herself to sit on.  He, however, bypassed the chairs and went out the back way. Leah abandoned her seat and followed.
“Ethel’s not home, she’s at the market,” he said as he walked. Leah studied his worn boots with thick soles. What did he do all day? She’d never really contemplated the lives of old people. She vaguely assumed they just sat in a chair by the fire until they kicked the bucket.
He pushed open the door to the shed and took the sword down again before handing it to her. The unexpected weight nearly made her drop it, her arms dipping dangerously before she managed to heft it higher. The handle’s grooves were worn down in places, but that was the only show of time on the weapon. It gleamed dully in the sunlight that filtered through the cracks between the slats. Silas’s face was expressive as he stared at the long object in her hands.
“It’s the best I have. Had it since I turned twenty-five. It’s been through the thick and thin. They’re starting to make them lighter and stronger, but I prefer the older ones. There is something to be said in a good, honest piece of workmanship.” He lifted it with care out of her hands and set it in its rightful place. He looked down at her. “Have you ever wanted to learn how to use one?”
His eyes were a murky sort of tawny brown, like a puddle that had been stirred up by the feet of children. They had an expression she had difficulty reading, an expression she hadn’t seen in her father’s eyes. Leah nodded, unsure why he would ask. That was something she would never have. Not that she wanted to learn particularly badly, just now that he mentioned it, the idea had taken hold. It would dim and fade, however. She was beginning to learn that that was how life was, at least hers anyways.
“Well, are you going to ask me?”
“What?”
“To teach you.”
It became apparent only then what he was getting at. She grinned. 
“Okay. Teach me.”
His mouth twitched upwards. “All right, but I need your word on several accounts or you will find yourself in front of a very angry father.” He saw the expression on her face. “It’s for your own benefit. I get the feeling you shouldn’t have this many days off. Ethel sees you at the market you know.”
Leah’s face went pink. The moment dragged out as he waited. She considered making it a contest but relented.
“I persuaded my governess not to give me any more lessons,” she muttered. Silas’s bushy brows pushed the wrinkles in his forehead together. 
“And how did you do that?”
“Blackmail,” Leah said at last. She was staring at his feet so she couldn’t see his expression anymore.
“I’m surprised it’s that way and not the other way around. I’m also surprised you know what that means.” Leah glanced up, slightly offended. Of course she knew what it meant. She was twelve, not a child. “First things first, your father probably won’t be too thrilled about this, and you need to be prepared for the consequences of his finding out. If the consequences aren’t worth it, then I’d advise you not to take the risk. Is it worth it?” Leah nodded a little more vigorously than the question warranted. She could think about that later. Right now she just needed to persuade him. “Second, if you don’t want to get caught, I suggest you get better at staying low. Learn not to rub your father’s fur the wrong way. If you never get better at any of the things you’re supposed to be learning he’ll get suspicious. Do your studies and practicing at home, or Ethel’n I can help you a little here. That’s the deal.”
Leah frowned. The whole point of this was to get out of lessons. Then again, they wouldn’t be so bad on her own, and she really liked the idea of being a swordsman...swordswoman? Maybe she would do her other lessons, maybe she wouldn’t. They’d see. And, obviously, she wouldn’t let her father catch her.
She extended her hand and they shook on it, his rough, large hand engulfing hers.
He closed the door to the shed and started by showing her some basic steps and how she should hold the sword or rather the shaft of wood. They didn’t spar, but Silas taught her several parries and how to riposte from them.
Her arm tired quickly. Silas must have noticed because they stopped not too long after that. He left her with practice instructions and put one of the wooden practice swords into a bag for her to take home. Leah vaguely recalled excessive admonitions about when and where she should practice, but after she realized he was just telling her she wasn’t supposed to get caught she stopped listening.
By the time they went back into the house Ethel was back from the market and doing something in the kitchen again. Leah wasn’t quite ready to go yet so she sat at the table and watched as Ethel worked. Silas paused near the door, scratched at his stubble, and went back the way he’d come. Leah wanted to follow but wanted even less to become his shadow.
“What are you making?” she asked Ethel instead.
“I’m trying out a new soup recipe I got from Lydia, my neighbor. She swears it’s quite good, but it doesn’t smell that way. Too much garlic I think.”
It smelled fine to Leah, actually quite good. What was garlic anyways? A spice?
Leah sat quietly for a moment and traced her fingers around the increasingly familiar knot in the wood. “Do you have any children?”
“Hyrum, he left just last year to go study in Lucas. I always wanted to have lots of children, but we weren’t able to.” She tasted the soup with her stirring spoon and then continued to stir. Leah could feel her eyes bug. They had better not be doing that in her kitchen. Ethel came and sat across from her. Immediately she became uncomfortable.
“Are you going to stay for dinner?” she asked.
Hades no. “No... thank you. I’d better be going actually.” Better boredom than this.
“I’ll see you tomorrow then," Ethel replied and got up to open the door for Leah.
“Thanks," Leah muttered nearly inaudibly.
Ethel said goodbye one more time and closed the door. Leah felt the tension drain from her shoulders as it shut behind her.
Her right arm felt like dead-weight as she began to run back to the castle. She really didn’t ever have to do things like that. She just sat and listened to Miss Wevir—or at least pretended to listen when she was feeling cooperative. They only had one kid when they’d wanted lots. Was that why they didn’t mind having her over? Because they liked kids and had never had a daughter? Leah didn’t really like that thought. They’d better not get too attached.
Instead of using the main entrance like she usually did, she sneaked around to the kitchen door. It was a bit farther than the main entrance, but she was less likely to run into her father. She opened it and went through the mudroom to the main kitchen hub.
Instead of the usual clanging and shouting, there was only the sounds of quiet chopping and sizzling food. Her father must have downsized the staff again. There was only the cook and his two assistants, all of which looked up when she came in before quickly glancing back down.
The head cook was a thin man with a curly mustache and sideburns that stuck out from his face due to their bushiness. Both of the assistants were women. One was middle-aged and the thinnest person she had ever seen, but the other was a normal, younger woman with hair that was falling out of her bun. Leah tried to judge whose hair she had found in her meat pirae the other night and settled for hoping it hadn’t been from the man’s sideburns. They were lucky she’d been too angry with her father to speak to him. Then again, he probably wouldn’t have done anything.
 Leah hurried through the kitchen, trying not to show how uncomfortable she was. They watched her out of the corners of their eyes, probably wondering why she was coming through this way. No, they weren’t wondering about that, they were wondering what she had done this time, and whether they needed to prepare her portion of dinner or not. She climbed the narrow stairway hastily, still trying to get rid of the feeling of ants crawling around inside her shirt.
She hesitated at the top before turning right for the first time in several months. This portion of the castle was a bit newer. It had been built in her grandfather’s day, beginning as a simple repair, and then turning into a whole new wing. It was not as dark as the rest of the castle, and she hurried along, aware there were fewer hiding places here. She quietly slipped into the music room at the end of the hallway and blinked at the bright light coming in from the wall of windows on the West side. A huge dark brown piano with perfect ivory keys, except for one chip on the second to last A was the centerpiece of the room. Her father didn’t know about that, not yet anyways. Just last year it had been tuned by an old man from Drewton. At the time Leah hadn’t really realized how bad it sounded, just that her songs sounded a little worse at home than they did at Miss Wevir’s house. Her father had been the one apt enough to observe that it was in need of a tuning. She had been surprised by this; surprised that he had paid enough attention to realize this. Unless she was particularly obnoxious or wild, their paths rarely crossed, except at mealtimes where they ate in comfortable silence. It was him speaking that worried her the most. It was never for nothing.
 She slid onto the graceful bench of the piano where her books still sat and opened the easiest one before setting it back on the grooved edge. It was the same book she’d been working out of for over a year now because she hadn’t really improved any. She plucked painfully through the first song counting spaces and lines for almost every note before closing it and sliding back off the bench. That was about as much as she could take. Her father probably wouldn’t notice if she never got better, it’s not like she had been. 
~     ~     ~
Leah’s lessons with Silas proved more difficult than she had anticipated. She found herself losing interest in the rigorous training and expectations he had for her. He wasn’t like Miss Wevir. It was harder to disappoint him and even harder to accomplish all the things that he expected of her. But he was always patient and persistent, and she found on the days she intended to skip that somehow she tended to wind up at their little house anyways after half a day of guilty avoidance.
He never said anything, and the words Leah had spent hours cultivating faded from her tongue. She didn’t know how to quit this. She didn’t know how to disappoint someone she really didn’t want to. Maybe this was how she’d felt about her father in the beginning, but she couldn’t really remember the exact moment it started going downhill.
Every day she told herself that this would be the last day she’d show up, but a month later, she found herself in the hot, enclosed area behind his house one more time, shoulder burning and sweatier than she’d ever thought she’d be in her life. Silas was trying to teach her a basic parry and riposte, but it was so similar to the other ones she’d learned last week that Leah was just trying to do it well enough that he’d move on. She didn’t really need this one anyways—the last four she’d learned were just as effective. Leah let her arm slump next to her side as Silas paused to wipe his brow and think. She peered up into his sagging face trying to recall the words she’d practiced and muster the nerve to say them. Come on, come on, just say it. She opened and closed her mouth several times.
“S-silas, I don’t really think I want to learn this anymore. I’m a girl. It’s not going to help me.”
Silas looked surprised and studied her for a moment. She looked away.
“Why did you want to learn?”
Leah reacted defensively, even though the question had not been accusatory.
“I dunno. I wanted to at first, but it’s really not as good as it’s made out to be. It’s hardly any better than piano lessons. Just sort of useless,” she said, the worst insult that she could think of.
Silas smiled and ground his sword tip into the grass. 
“What would you rather do?”
“I don’t know,” Leah said, confused. Whatever she did it wouldn’t be with these old people.
“Can I tell you a story little Leah?”
Leah shrugged and waited. But he continued to wait. “Yeah,” she said at last.
“I heard this from a Davian soldier when we were last at war. It’s a parable, do you know what that is?”
Leah shook her head though she was loathe to do so.
“It’s a story that didn’t actually happen but is meant to instruct.”
“Wait, you’re giving me a lesson?” Leah asked incredulously.
Silas shook his head wearily. “Do you still want me to tell it?” His eyes twinkled only dully amidst the folds of his skin and Leah sensed that his desire to humor her was dwindling. Something ached inside her.
“If you want to.”
Silas smiled at her ungracious answer and continued. “There once was a young man who was the youngest of twelve boys. His father apprenticed all but his eldest out to blacksmiths, tailors, glassblowers, tinkers or anyone who would was willing to train them. At last, he had only his youngest and eldest at home, the eldest running the farm. He soon discovered that his youngest son had never really worked the farm, relying on his brothers instead to make up for the work he would not do. His father attempted to teach the young man how to perform the labor, but the young man insisted that he was not suited to this kind of work, and that he needed something that would not be so rough on his hands.”
Leah didn’t like the way this story was going. She supposed she was the lazy youngest son with soft hands. She stared at a tuft of grass growing up, eyes wide to keep them from watering. She had thought that Silas saw her differently than her father did. Silas went on though, and she focused to distract herself enough to suppress the tears.
“After much difficulty, his father managed to apprentice him with a baker in a nearby city, hoping this would help his son. A month later his son returned, saying the early hours did not agree with him and upset his stomach. The father was angry at first, but then he reasoned that perhaps some characters weren’t able to abide the early morning. He would just have to find something else. His second eldest son had just taken over the tailoring business in town, so he sent his son there to learn from his brother. Three weeks later, he returned, fingers pricked and eyes weary. ‘You must work,’ his father said, once again furious. The son replied ‘I will work, I don’t loathe work, but I can’t seem to match myself to the task. I simply must find what will best suit me.’ His father sighed, but he could see that his son truly was earnest. Perhaps he can work for the justice his father thought, so he sent him there.
“The son returned two weeks later, saying his arms were too weary to lift such heavy swords, and that he was not made for it. The father was not surprised this time to see his son, so he was not angry. Instead, he thought. His wife had died many years ago, and his eldest son’s wife was very busy with five children.
“‘Perhaps you can help Luthila,’ he said to his son. ‘The work shouldn’t require you to rise too early, and it shouldn’t strain your eyes. You won’t have to wield a sword or plow so perhaps it will suit you.’ The son had always been envious of his mother’s duties, so he accepted the task only to find that the hours were early and late, and there was always something else to do. Anything he did was soon undone and it was never quiet. A week later he begged his father to find him something else.
“‘What would you rather do?’ his father asked. ‘Perhaps you would like to return to farming or the justice?’ His son was desperate not to go back to any of those places, having discovered a new sort of torture in each one. He told his father, ‘Please, no. Those were hardly better. Father, I want to do something I love. What is so wrong with that?’
“His father thought on that. Thought of his own love for the land. There were years that the work was grueling and anything but enjoyable, but he remembered the work he had done in his father’s mill. Boring, noisy, and humdrum. 
“‘Son, there is nothing wrong with that, but there is only so far I can take you.’
“‘Father, I think I would like to be a sailor. To feel the wind every day and ride the waves. To sleep in hammocks and dine with friends.’
“His father packed provisions for the journey and sent his son off. A week passed, and then two, and then three. His father worried, realizing his son most likely would not be able to return if the work was hard and unsuited for him.
“He did not see his son for many years until one day he was lying on his deathbed prepared to breathe his last. A man came to the door, broad and weathered, and asked to see him. The father recognized the spirit of this young man though his brother did not.
“My son, my son, you’ve come home at last. Tell me, did you find your love in the sailor’s life?”
The son sat on the hard, wooden stool next to his father’s humble bedspread and took his hand.
“Father, dear father. I left with a romantic view of the sea, thinking only of beautiful sunsets. We set sail and I discovered that my sea legs were weak, the gruel was bad, and the waters were turbulent. But the ship wouldn’t turn around from me. I scrubbed the decks I first threw up on and followed the captain's orders because there wasn’t any other choice. But I discovered that although the sea was often angry and threatened to swallow us up, that it just as often pushed us forward to new and brighter futures. I often wondered what it would have been like if I’d stayed with the baker or my brother, but I was glad I didn’t. The sea has tempered me, and although I have left it now, I find that I do love it. I love what it has given me.”
Silas left off there while Leah waited.
“Is that all?” she asked, somewhat confused.
Silas inclined his head as he took off his cap to scratch it. “That’s all.”
“Well, what did he do next?”
“I don’t know, the soldier died before he could finish.”
“So what’s the lesson then?” Leah thought she knew, but she also thought she might as well make him spell it out. She was tired of having the wrong answer.
“What do you think it is?”
“Sounds like the son was lazy,” Leah said to see how he’d respond.
“Perhaps,” Silas mused as he pulled his cap back into place. “I think though, that he was also just looking for something to satisfy him. But he never stayed long enough to truly learn the trade except as a sailor. There he had no choice but to tire his arms and eat poor food. I don’t think he loved life as a sailor, or he wouldn’t have left. I think he came to love what it had taught him. It’s challenging to learn something new or pick a direction in life, but sails are meant to be adjusted. Sometimes the sea pushes us where we don’t want to go, or the rains soak the decks, but we do what we can with what is happening around us. You don’t have to learn this if you don’t want to. I doubt it will be very useful to you as a girl, but, I think you may find something in learning a trade, even if it’s not your love.”
Leah’s anger had worn off and she hesitated to hand Silas the practice sword as he reached out for it.
“Tomorrow then?” she asked tentatively.
Silas’s face softened. “Tomorrow.”


Chapter Three

Leah woke up that morning in an unusually good mood. It was Saturday so she didn’t have any lessons which usually was a downside, but today she was grateful for it. Her arms were still sore from earlier that week when she’d sparred with Silas instead of Lucien. She slipped on an old dress—the least hideous that was clean—and descended the stairs after pulling her hair into the low knot Sandy had shown her how to do. Her father’s expression was his usual brooding calm as he studied a sheaf of papers at the table. He sipped at his customary morning brandy between intermittent bites of his breakfast. It would take him half an hour to finish its cold remains and Leah would be gone in five minutes.
“Morning,” she said to him before peppering her eggs.
“Morning,” her father replied as he cut off another piece of his potato sausage hash. 
Some cheese hung from the morsel before he wound it around the fork with his butter knife. The hair around his mouth was neatly trimmed, but he never got anything in it anyways; she had always been vaguely impressed by this. 
As usual, they ate in silence, Leah contemplating the day ahead of her as her thoughts drifted away from her father. She might hassle Sandy, she should practice. Maybe a little reading. She frowned. After the last bite, she stood to go, but her father gestured for her to stay, the silver ring on his left hand flashing in the light. He wiped his mouth with his napkin before setting it on the remains of his breakfast. 
“We’re leaving on Wednesday for the capital to attend the princess’s coming of age celebration. I’ve already told Miss Wevir,” he said, his expressionless brown-green eyes fixed on her own.
Leah waited for a moment as his words hung stiffly in the air that wasn’t used to having them. “Is there anything else?”
“No,” he said, with an air of false indifference that made Leah nervous. He stood and left, leaving her at a loss.
The princess’s coming of age celebration. There had been so many other events they had missed. Why this one and why now? Leah had an inkling, a steady sort of fear really, growing in her. About actually being introduced to society.
The murky details of her future were never far from her mind now, although the worry always lay somewhere beneath the surface, hastily shoved to the side whenever it flirted with her mind. She had almost expected her father to have gotten rid of her by now. As the years rolled on she found it easier and easier to be polite and manageable since it was becoming real to her that life as she knew it could change from just a few strokes of her father’s pen. She no longer yearned to become a part of society because she suspected at this point there would only be one reason why that would happen. 
Instead of going to the library, or the music room, she turned in the direction of the kitchen. Sandy was busy at work on the counter making the top crust of a pie. She was in the process of trying to teach Leah how to cook, but Leah could claim no exceptional skill at it.
She understood the meat of it well enough and could cook under close supervision, but she was more or less useless left to her own devices. Her repertoire consisted of lentil soup, souffles, and porridge. She’d attempted eggs several times, but they never came out without a thick skin of burnt white. However, there was something oddly, and deeply satisfying about it. She suspected it was just because it was one thing she could do that most nobility couldn’t, even if it was just porridge. Really sort of a useless lot.
“Where’s Martha?” she asked when Sandy looked up through the flyways that had escaped her tight bun. She used her forearm to get most of them out of her face.
“She’s still hauling water.” She swore colorfully. “You people need to get with the times”
Leah raised her eyebrows. “It’s not as if I can do much about it.”
Sandy grunted. “That’s true. I don’t know why we pay you just to judge us and own our land and hire us to stuff creams up—”
“Trouble with burbleworts?” she asked. Burbleworts were a breed on insects that lived in fabrics, or most especially beds. They were supposed to cause bad humor though it might just be the irritation from the bites. Sandy swore again in response.
“Sandy Urlese!” came a shrill cry from the kitchen door to the small herb garden accompanied by the thuds of several wooden buckets hitting the tile and sloshing over. Martha stood aghast, mouth open and face quickly coloring red.
“I’ll talk to you later,” she muttered and edged past the stock-still woman who completely ignored her.
“I…. never….” she spluttered. “If I ever hear such language again, and from a woman…. I…. you’ll regret it,” she said, shaking a finger in Sandy’s direction. 
“Really Martha, you just caught—” the rest was muffled as the kitchen door closed behind her.  
Most of her informal education came from Sandy: what people really thought, how to play cards, what real life was like, and of course, curse words. Things that Silas or Ethel wouldn’t have really been good at teaching her.
The streets were busy with people out and about, mostly farmers that had come in to sell produce, and people fighting through to work or home.
Leah tried to brush most of the dust off before she entered the small home. Ethel smiled as she looked up from her chair by the empty fireplace and Leah smiled back. The house smelled of baking bread and sweat, though not as much like sweat as it used to. Or perhaps it was just her memory painting a brightness that had never been there. 
“Hullo,” Leah said.
“You’re here awfully early,” she said, seeming to forget that it was also Saturday.
“Bit of a slow morning. Is Silas here?”
“I think he’s in his workshop. Can’t remember what he said he was working on.”
“Thanks.”
“Bye Leah,” Ethel said as she left.
Leah stepped back out onto the street and started towards the workshop. His workshop was a rundown building that used to be a smithy. It was a recent acquirement.
 She entered the little shop with a whine of protest from the door. Wrenches and bolts lay scattered on the counters in the midst of rumpled papers and scraps of metal. Silas was sitting on a wooden bench, one leg bent slightly and the other straight in front of him as he tried to fit a long metal rod into a round disc.
His age was beginning to show in the stiff movements after standing, in the bags under his eyes, and from hair that was becoming more white than grey now. He was still able to do most of the things he wanted to, but Leah could see his strength and stamina beginning to wane despite his efforts. It made something inside her ache keenly. She liked to think of him as immortal, beyond the touch of time. 
 The two pieces made a screeching sound as the rod slipped and clanged against the bench. Silas grunted before sitting back and mopping his forehead with a handkerchief. He spotted her then, and the frustration ebbed from his face.
“What are you doing here miss Leah?”
“I’m leaving for a week, so I thought I’d just let you know. We don’t leave until Monday, but I don’t think I’ll make it away again before then.”
Silas leaned the two pieces against the rough wooden table and let out a small whuff.
“Off to play the part then?” he asked, straightening his bent knee with some difficulty. “Let’s get back to the house. This isn’t going very well anyway.”
She was sure it wasn’t. He was quiet as he lumbered next to her, maybe as deep in thought as she was, or had been earlier. 
Back at the house, Ethel had abandoned whatever it was she had been knitting and had made some hot cocoa under the assumption that they’d be back. It was a warm day, but Leah had mostly resigned herself to eating or drinking whatever Ethel told her to. She had developed a taste for the acrid mixture, although she would still have preferred just water. Ethel was not the best of cooks, though there were a few things she could make really well—bread being one of them. Silas never said anything, so neither did she. They did share looks occasionally though.
“What are you going to be doing at the capital?” Ethel asked after Silas relayed the news.
“I don’t know. He didn’t tell me the whole of it. Just that it’s for the princess’s coming of age celebration. But I don’t know what all we’ll do once we’re there since it lasts a week.”
Her stomach churned. But there wasn’t any reason for them to worry. Her fate was pretty much decided. When it really came down to it, she would marry whomever her father chose, leave her practice swords behind, and settle into whatever that life was. The alternative was not desirable. Leah was no fool. 
Out of the corner of her eye she could see Silas staring at the table, lost in some kind of stupor. They sat mostly in silence until she finished and moved to go.
“Come tell us everything that happened when you get back,” Ethel said and stood up, her chair screeching backward as she did so. 
“Okay, I’m going to stop by Miss Wevir’s to return a book I borrowed and ask her something.”
Silas stood as well.
“Stay out of trouble there in Lucas.” He was standing close enough Leah could smell his slight odor. He smelled like sweat and the lemon soap that he, Ethel, and occasionally Leah used. Recently something else too—that smell that hung around older people.
“I will.”
Ethel embraced her before she could escape, pillowing her in soft bodyweight. 
“See you in a bit,” Leah said, though Silas had followed her out. He nodded to her before making his way back towards his shop.
She headed further into the city where Miss Wevir resided, watching her feet most of the way.
Felix let her in with the small smirk he always got when he saw her. “Ah, Miss Reich.  Returning a book then?” He reached for it.
“I was hoping I could return it in person. I had a few questions for Miss Wevir.” Leah said.
Felix dipped his head, eyes conveying that this was a bad idea and that he was excited to witness it. “Follow me and I’ll show you to her.” He shut the door behind her and the inside of the house became even darker. It was quiet except for the click of Felix’s well-polished shoes as they mounted the staircase.
They must be going to the study. She hadn’t been there since the incident; she’d only been back a few times since then and had only interacted with Felix. Mostly to borrow music books, not that she had improved greatly on this subject. In truth she hardly had.
The study door was more ornate than she remembered, the dark wood corrugated with the heavy indents and irregular whorls of a rearing lion. Felix knocked and they waited several long moments before a muffled call came from within.
Inside Miss Wevir was lounging in her desk chair, gazing out the window and idly chewing on a drawing pencil. She didn’t look up when they first came in or when Felix announced her and left. Only once the door had snicked shut did her eyes flick lazily up to Leah. She was wearing a flowing black and green dress that lay so close to her skin, that the hollow drop of her stomach under her ribcage was starkly outlined. She was much thinner than Leah remembered with cheeks hollow enough that they made her face gaunt.
“You could have just given whatever you brought back or borrowed what you wanted through Felix. Although I suppose you already knew that. What else is it that you wanted, dear little Leah?” 
Leah carefully set the book on the cluttered desk. “I wondered if you would teach me to draw. I left before we started.” She waited several moments but Miss Wevir didn’t immediately reply, and she felt the need to further justify herself. “I’ve tried on my own, but I haven’t proven very good at it.” 
Miss Wevir chuffed through her nose. “Not much has changed in the last four years I take it? Or is it five? My, the time has flown without you.”
“I just wondered if you could help me improve.”
A long silence ensued, marked only by the distant creek of some servant’s footsteps.
“Why do you want to learn how to draw? A little late to get back into lessons. Honestly, I’m surprised to still see you around. Won’t you be marrying some vi-vidame one of these days?”
Vi-vidames were hardly a step up from the working class. Even Leah ranked higher. 
“I don’t know. It’s just something that I’ve been wanting to learn.”
“Felix’ll teach you, I’m sure. Go away.”
Leah’s temper flared in the pit of her stomach, but she didn’t argue. She didn’t particularly want to be around Miss Wevir anyways. She managed to close the door quietly as she left the study but felt the anger continue to prickle as she descended the stairs until she caught sight of Felix. She hesitated.
“Do you know how to draw?”
“No,” he said, looking at her like she had asked him how to sew a bonnet.
“Thanks anyway,” Leah muttered as she passed him.  
~     ~     ~
She stewed in nervous anticipation that afternoon and Sunday. She hadn't ever been to Lucas that she could remember. Her father had gone on several occasions, but he had never taken her. He didn’t usually even tell her he was leaving, Sandy did after he had already gone. Sandy had become her friend two years ago, not long after her father assigned her to be Leah’s companion. It was mostly only in name as he kept her in the kitchens. Generally, companions accompanied ladies everywhere, ran errands for them, did hair and makeup, and sometimes even simple repairs on clothing. Sandy did some of those duties when she had time, but most days she was too busy in the kitchen, or even cleaning as their staff was so short-handed. She would be coming with them to Lucas though, the one factor Leah could actually take into account.
Monday morning Leah stared into the darkness of the canopy over her head. The sun hadn’t come up yet, but she had been awake for a while now, trying to fall back asleep. They would leave later that morning, as soon as everything was ready for departure. 
The stone floor was cool under her feet as she slid the covers back and got up. She carefully tucked her nightgown under her as she crouched down by the fireplace, using the fire poker to stir the coals. They glowed in memory of the warmth they had had just hours ago, and Leah added several smaller logs. Sandy said it was better not to stir the fire, but Leah liked to watch the embers come back to life. The fire soon grew, and her cheeks began to burn before she stood again, her once long nightgown falling only halfway down her calves. She caught sight of her dark figure in the mirror, face unnerving in the shadows. 
She had grown a lot recently, and everything felt longer than it should be and skinnier than it should be. Her calves and arms were especially scrawny, and even the too small nightgown didn’t make them look any more normal sized. Leah lit a candle and set it on the desk that sat near her armoire. Its contents were shadowed as well, but her fingers instinctively found the two new dresses her father had had made. Memory added the rich dark gold color of one and the pale grey-blue of the other. These she would pack, as well as several older ones that weren’t quite as short as her nightgown. 
Her last two had been commissioned only a week ago, surely for this trip, but before that, she hadn’t had any new clothing in over two years. Some had been made long to begin with, and some Sandy had shown her how to let out, but Leah disliked her older ones chiefly because of their design. They were positively florid with ribbons and flounces of fabric, as had briefly been in style two years ago. Her father had had them made just before they went out of style, and now almost no one wore them. And those who did, well Leah was odd enough. Sandy had helped her remove what was feasible to remove, but they were still obviously outdated. Leah unlaced the front of her nightgown and shrugged it over her head. She pulled out an ugly pink dress and stepped into it, her right foot catching in the sleeve hole, making her nearly topple face first into her desk. Words generally reserved for use by Sandy came to mind as she tugged the excess of fabric into place. Her fingers were quick from experience as she laced up her bodice and sat on her bed, the layers of fabric twisting uncomfortably beneath her. 
It wasn’t long before the light of sunrise began to slowly warm the stones directly in front of her small window. She gravitated towards the light. It was always cold here in the morning. Her window faced into the woods, but she thought she heard the whinny of horses from out front, probably being harnessed to pull their old carriage.
After packing and breakfasting, Leah and Sandy climbed into the rickety black vehicle while her father mounted his horse. Sandy had brought playing cards and a large book which they laid across their knees. They played several different card games, some of which Leah knew, but most of which Sandy hadn’t taught her yet. The curtains of the carriage were thick, but even with them closed there was enough light to play. She hadn’t played any game often since Sandy didn’t have a lot of time and she doubted her father would approve. Silas didn’t allow playing cards in the house either, although Ethel mentioned something about him never having lost a game of watsit. He was rather close-lipped about his younger years, and Ethel seldom proffered information, usually on the rare occasion Leah was alone with her. 
Leah won a few rounds of hergert’s at first, but after that, her luck declined sharply. Her skill level wasn’t terrible, Sandy was just shrewd.
The capital was a little more than a day away by horse or carriage, so the trip was generally split into two days. Her father had decided to forego an inn though, and even card games and chatter were unable to forestall the eventual boredom. Leah shifted in her seat, unaccustomed to sitting so long. The longest she sat for anything was probably dinner, at least since her lessons with Miss Wevir had ended.
“I’d still take this over a day of scrubbing floors,” Sandy said when Leah mentioned it, shrugging as she idly shuffled the cards. They’d been playing for the better part of the morning and were both more or less bored of it.
She stared at Sandy’s calloused hands, fingers deftly manipulating the cards. “It’s too bad really, I have a feeling you would’ve made an excellent diplomat.”
Sandy smiled a little, the corners of her mouth tugging upwards against its usual hard set. 
“As good as a diplomat as you make a noble. Not really cut from the right cloth for that.” She laughed. “Actually, I think I’d be even worse than you. You’re just sort of useless, I would…”
“Offend?” Leah suggested.
“Sure, or start a border war or something. As good as you are at peeving your father, you’re too docile to provide much offense.”
Leah fingered the fringe of the outdated curtain. Had she really become docile? Perhaps compared to Sandy.
“What?” Sandy asked, raising an eyebrow and flicking the king of hearts in her direction.
“Nothing.”
Sandy threw another card at her, stinging her cheek. “That’s right.”
Leah smiled as she looked out the window at the trees slowly sifting past.
Afternoon waned into night and Sandy fell asleep on the other side, her head crooked at an odd angle against the window and jolting with every pothole. Leah stared out her own window at the deep shadows the moon cast in the forest beyond the road. The steady hoof beat of her father’s horse and the occasional sigh from the carriage driver reminded her she wasn’t the only one awake, but the darkness made her feel alone.
She was just beginning to drift off as farms began to dot the landscape and she did her best to shake herself awake. The farms gave away to clustered houses and the streets changed from dirt into cobblestone. 
Lucas, the capital, was named after a king’s stillborn child. She couldn’t remember which, but it was known as one of the best fortified cities in the whole country of Sowik despite the fact that it wasn’t very close to the borders. It was not Sowik’s first capital, Iddo had been before it was ransacked and razed. The wall built around the original city loomed over them, the cold stones not quite as black as the clouded night sky beyond.
Sandy groaned in her sleep and shifted as the carriage jolted to a stop just outside the gates.
“Reason for entering?” she heard the voice of a tired man ask. She recognized the low throbbing murmur of her father’s voice, but it was too deep and quiet for her to make out the words. The heavy gates swung inward with some effort on the guards’ part, and the carriage began to move forward once more. Leah prodded Sandy in the shoulder.
“Wake up,” she whispered, bending closer, finally able to see Sandy’s face in the low lighting shining dimly through the windows unto her face. Sandy didn’t wake up, so Leah shook her harder but stopped when muffled swearing ensued. She’d never been around Sandy when she’d woken up, and if her daytime temperament was anything to judge by, she didn’t think she wanted to be. 
The only buildings awake were taverns, their light coloring the cobblestones a warm yellow as they passed. Occasionally Leah would glimpse dark figures near the mouths of the alleyways that didn’t stumble like drunkards. She shrunk back a little before she reasoned her relative safety and leaned forward again, thinking she would never again see the city in the dark.
There was a second, lower wall around the palace which they were admitted through, the sound of horse hooves on cobblestones changing to something softer. Fine gravel maybe. 
Her father dismounted with ease as they rolled to a stop in front of an imposing set of doors so thick that Leah could barely hear him knock from where she waited. He waited with his hands clasped behind his back, still as the castle walls.
Leah wondered briefly why he had never remarried. He was handsome enough, and not completely unmarriageable—not in society’s eyes anyways. Was it because of her? Because he thought her too unmanageable to subject anyone else to? But she had done well, hadn’t she? More or less docile for the better part of five years. The door opened to reveal a well-dressed, if tired looking manservant who her father conversed quietly with before turning back to the carriage. Leah straightened out her dress and tried to smooth the wrinkles before he opened the door and helped her down.
They followed another manservant who had been summoned through a bewildering maze of shadowy halls, the ceilings almost high enough to persuade her they were still outside. Her father had gone a different way not long after they’d entered. Sandy walked with her eyes nearly closed, stumbling occasionally on the smooth floor and cursing non-existent lips of tile for it. She didn’t actually fall until they were going up the second flight of stairs, catching herself on her hands just before her nose hit the steps. The manservant dropped the luggage and rushed to help her up. 
“Are you all right miss?” he asked, his hand under her left elbow to help pull her up. 
Sandy was blushing furiously, and Leah thought she had finally truly woken up until she tripped again on the edge of a hallway table just as the manservant was showing them to their rooms. The young man just barely caught her before she fell on the rug and Leah just barely caught the ornamental vase on top of the table. She set it carefully back in place as Sandy shook herself out of the manservant’s arms. Normally she’d probably flirt with him, but apparently her opportunism didn’t extend to the early hours of the morning.
She began to laugh despite herself and found it difficult to catch her breath. She could barely remember the manservant leaving, or when Sandy started laughing as well. Only how soft the chairs in the antechamber were and that she would move to her bed just as soon as she’d rested for a moment. Her last coherent memory was of Sandy’s weak laughter petering away. 
Leah awoke to a sharp crack and nearly fell out of her armchair in surprise. Sandy stirred briefly before her breathing evened out again.
“Sandy, Sandy!” she hissed, moving over to shake Sandy’s shoulder and was shoved back so hard she hit the edge of the decorative table. The sharp knock on the door came again. Leah would answer it, but here it was taboo for anyone but the companion. Everything went through her.
“G’way Michael or’ll—”
“Sandy, it’s Leah. We’re in the palace and someone’s at the door,” she said, shaking her again.
Sandy tumbled out of the armchair, somehow getting her feet beneath her and stumbled towards the door so quickly that Leah barely had time to get out of the way. She tried to stand up, but stood on the hem of her dress, and fell against the small table, tipping it over and spilling water and flowers out of the vase onto the carpet. Whoever it was knocked again and Leah managed to make it to her feet and against the wall, out of sight of whoever would be on the other side. Her hand brushed against something wet, and she looked down to see the fabric of her dress splotched dark.
Sandy turned to smirk at her, combing her hair back as she did so before turning back to answer the door. Leah could make out several stark red lines from where the right side of her face had pressed against the creases of the chair, and the bodice of her dress was twisted to one side. Leah rubbed the sleep from her eyes and tried to get her mind to wake up.
“Just wanted to inform you and Baron-ave Reich that breakfast is available until nine-thirty in the breakfast room and to see if you are in need of any further assistance.” Leah tensed at the use of her title, which she’d never heard before, except in quiet breaths to herself. 
She started to review all of the terms in her mind. Vi-counsellor, except she didn’t know who any of them were. Epaile or Epaila for the highest member of nobility. Epaila-ave for daughter, Epaile-eve for the sons, and ser-Epaile for the heir. Lendgraf and landgraf—
Sandy smiled at him, and Leah gauged that he must be attractive. “No, I don’t think so. Thank you.”
The door snicked shut and Leah pushed off the wall, the terms fluttering from her mind as Sandy picked up a small statue off a side table and tossed it in the air before catching it.
“This place is pretty fancy, an antechamber and everything. Imagine how many rooms they must have just like this one to house most of the important nobles. I’m surprised you got one,” 
It was impressive, now that she was sober enough to admire it. Crown molding followed the lines of the ceiling, elaborate trim around the paneled doors, and more furniture in just this room than the whole of Silas and Ethel’s house. The antechamber had another door leading to the companion’s much smaller rooms, which Sandy moved her stuff into. She had less of it, so it wasn’t long before she was helping Leah move the remaining bags into her own room. A large canopy bed occupied the far wall, and several large windows looked out over the front lawn still shadowed by the palace wall and trees. Everything was so much bigger, brighter, and less like a dungeon than her room back at the castle. She found herself briefly wishing to never leave as she sat on the edge of the plush cream covers. Is this what it really meant to be noble? She frowned. Baron-ave, and so many other titles. She didn’t know any of these people. Her stomach felt slightly sick. A pillow hit her back with a whump.
“Come on, you heard the man. I could eat a cow right now,” Sandy said, and Leah saw she had already changing into a fresh dress. “Get moving.”
She got back up and pulled the pale blue gown from her bag, shaking out the wrinkles. Although the palace wasn’t as cool as the castle, she shivered as she took her other dress off and changed. Sandy made quick work of her hair, tying it back at the base of her skull before they left. Leah wouldn’t have minded something prettier, or in general less matronly, but she never told Sandy what to do, or even what she preferred unless Sandy asked. Leah may have been the baron’s daughter, but she knew where they stood. 
The palace was big, a mess of corridors and bedrooms with small tables and bergere chairs strewn throughout. Perhaps to grant old and/or buxom women a space to rest themselves lest they pass out without the king’s bedroom. The door across the hall opened suddenly as they started down another hall, admitting one such woman in a pale lavender gown that might just have outdated Leah’s own wardrobe. She startled and put a hand to her chest before fanning herself and gulping air.
“What is it Rose?” another man asked, presumably her husband. 
“Nothing, nothing! So sorry dear. Completely startled me, wasn’t expecting anyone out here just now,” she said, moving aside to allow her portly husband through. “Are you going down to breakfast then?” she asked.
“Yes,” Leah said, trying to think of something else to say. Should she introduce herself?
“Ah yes, we were just doing the same. Such a nice wing of the palace isn’t it? Stayed here last time as well. So sorry to have startled you, my nerves are so easily disturbed, and I don’t know quite what came over me.” Her husband had closed the door and started walking down the hall, so they all began to follow. Leah wasn’t sure this woman—Rose—even realized she had started walking. “Quite a fright you gave me, and I you, judging from the look on your face. I didn’t realize we had anyone quite so young next to us.” They weren’t really, they’d been wandering for ten minutes around the hallways, but Leah didn’t correct her, not that she could have. The woman talked so continuously as to exempt the need or ability for reply or even interruption.
“Last time I was here was for Katzbuckeln and it was a little wild that year. A drunk reed was wandering around the palace for the better part of an hour before the guards tracked him down, knocking on doors and causing a racket in general.”
Leah completely lost track of what direction they were going as they went down a different set of stairs than the night before and continued to make turns. Rose continued to handle the conversation, and Leah did her best to look attentive. 
“Course that’s not the most interesting thing I’ve seen here at night, but that’s the most interesting I’d best mention in polite society. There’s a reason I think the king changed how court works. Doesn’t want to put up with all of that. Someone else can. It was a shame though, having to move all of my things out of here when that happened. I do love Elgon, but it’s not quite the same as Lucas, and certainly not the palace. Not so over—”
“More frilly,” her husband said dryly.
“I told you if you have a problem with it you are more than welcome to redecorate.” She looked back to Leah. “I’ve told him to redecorate if he hates it that much, but alas no. He’s too lazy. If you’re not going to do anything about it, then why complain? It’s not really frilly mind you, he just doesn’t like the color scheme, or that if I embroider, it’s going to be displayed, else what was the point? Besides, it’s not like he ever entertains.
“Last time he did was the Epaile of—what was it again dear?”
“Sorry what?”
“Who did you entertain last?”
“Your cousin Beatrice.”
“No, that you actually entertained.”
“I don’t recall that I have ever.”
“Don’t be coy. You and the Epaile of Jeterai went shooting or some such a couple of years ago.”
“Ah yes.” Leah thought his expression looked vaguely guilty.
Rose continued to talk, completely oblivious and Leah’s commitment to be attentive faltered. At last they turned down a hallway with a pair of white and gold doors thrown open to a room bright enough she had a hard time making out what was in it. As they got closer her eyes adjusted and she made out white clothed tables stocked with fruits, plates, and more richly dressed people than she’d ever seen before. Fabric they didn’t keep stocked in Twilfur because there was no one rich enough to afford it rested in thick swaths against the slip seats and legs of the chairs, puddling against the gleaming marble around the women’s feet. Some men wore just a crisp shirt and pants, but most had vests and jackets as well with shiny rings winking from their fingers in the morning light. As they passed through the doors, she saw that the room was made almost entirely of glass with doors along one side thrown open to the gardens. The smell of flowers was discernible even over the rich aroma of breakfast food. Several wizened trees covered with a veneer of white blossoms lined the edge of the far outside wall and a flutter of petals wafted down whenever the air currents from the open doors hit just right.
She realized that several people had looked up to see who else had entered, and she quickly followed Rose and her husband, hoping that there would be no social restrictions that she was crossing by doing so. 
Rose sat not too far from a set of doors open to the gardens, and Leah realized as she sat that she’d never stopped talking. She didn’t seem to notice the manservant that came with a pan of warm crepes, or that Leah had started missing large pieces of the conversation. Was it rude to start eating while Rose was talking? It wasn’t stopping her husband, but it was Leah on whom her unwavering attention was fixed. Leah was finding it difficult to maintain eye contact and felt that her expression couldn’t be anything except uncomfortable. She was worried it would offend this woman, but it didn’t seem to deter her in the least, so she did her best to keep it from getting any odder. She rubbed her fingers in her lap trying to decide what to do.
She should eat, surely it would be forgivable. If she waited too long, it would become awkward. Her husband slid a crepe on Rose’s plate and tapped it with his middle finger until she noticed.
“Oh, already served!” she cried breaking eye contact with Leah at last. Leah quickly leaned forward and lifted a crepe off the pan. “My they are quick, and still warm. Such—”
Leah didn’t look up again as she filled her crepe with the variety of fresh fruit, most of which she didn’t recognize. Sandy had copied her movements up to this point. With a start she realized that she hadn’t paid good enough attention to her crepe and filled it too full. Should she put it back? No, that was rude. Would she look like a glutton? 
Leah decided it was less dangerous to simply leave it, so she rolled it up—the thin sheath bulging. She had a fleeting temptation to pick it up with her hands, but even Sandy wouldn’t have considered doing that; in truth she probably had better manners than Leah. She realized Sandy was watching her to see what out of the array of silverware she would choose. Leah eyed the excess of it for a moment. She looked over at the woman, but she was so busy talking about the trade routes that she was still gesticulating with the vial of syrup. Leah couldn’t see her husband’s plate through the squat vase of flowers, so she picked up the middle fork and the bluntest knife. 
“Oh, no, no, no,” the woman beside her said, throwing her hand in midair over Leah’s own which were poised to cut the crepe. “That blunt one is for butter, and that one is for salad.” Leah raised her eyebrows in mild befuddlement. There wasn’t even any butter on the table, much less salad.
“Sorry,” she said, setting them down. She hadn’t really expected Rose to notice with how caught up she was in another subject. “Twilfur is quite out of the way.”
“That’s the funny thing, it’s not really. It’s so close to the capital, but so behind the times. Use these ones,” Rose said, pointing to a longer knife, and a fork slightly larger than the other. “As I was saying, oh wait! My manners are even worse than yours! I haven’t even introduced myself! I’m the Landgraf of Elgon and this is my husband, but you can just call me Rose and him Henry," she said as she gestured vaguely to her husband. "Elgon's right by the border so it took forever to get here. We stayed in the most horrid inn just outside of Burnwoods—but I'm getting ahead of myself, I haven’t even let you introduce yourselves. But you must be from Twilfur, as you just said.”
“I’m the Baron-ave of Twilfur, or just Leah. This is my companion, Sandy Urlese.”
“Ah, excellent, excellent. But you must know the silverware—” she proceeded to give Leah a thorough lesson in silverware, at least the forks before she was thoroughly carried away on a tangent about her cousin in Adella who apparently had horrible manners, and then Adella in general. Rose paused occasionally to ask Sandy or Leah a question when she seemed to come back to herself but often didn’t even wait for their answers. Not that Leah minded, she was more interested in her crepe than the poor quality of Sowik's linen lately. It amazed her how rapidly the subject changed. One minute she was following it, and after a brief lapse in attention, she was surprised to learn that the subject had shifted from her nephew’s face off against a bull in a pasture to Tamaw’s skullduggery. She couldn’t quite trace how the match with the bull had ended and was surprised it hadn’t held her attention. Leah vaguely hoped he hadn’t been gored.
"My son, Heldon, he's quite handsome, but never mind, he's much too old for you anyways! Ha, what was I saying? Oh yes, he was in Adella with Borold, a good friend of his, investigating some wild money scheme—but he can do that because he has money—anyways, they were there investigating some wild money scheme—he always called it investigating, I don't know why, it's not like they were detectives or anything—anyways, they were investigating some wild money scheme, oh goodness! I've said that three times now! How very silly of me."
 She giggled girlishly and Leah looked over at her rotund husband and saw the dry skin around his eyes crinkle as he cut into his crepe. She noticed that Rose had hardly touched hers since she was talking so much. She kept stabbing one piece and was about to put it into her mouth as she came to the conclusion of a story, but then another thought would hit her and she would set her fork back down as the urgency of speaking the thought before it whisked away seized her. She wondered if it had taken a long time for the courtesy of not talking while eating to become ingrained. It was amazing that she had eaten anything at all by the time the rest of them were finished. It also made Leah shamefully curious as to how she managed to achieve her current size. Leah had eaten two rather large crepes, and this woman only half of one. She must not usually talk this much. Or her husband must take his breakfast at a different time.
Leah learned that Rose’s son’s money scheme had failed so he’d invested in some merchant’s business which actually turned out to be a success, how droll…and the story went on. She was pretty sure that she wouldn’t like Rose’s son very much and she was willing to wager he wasn’t half as handsome as the woman claimed him to be. Her nephew though, he sounded interesting. Punched a cow, enrolled in the army. Kicked out for insubordination, currently on trial for smuggling geese to the Reeds. Leah wondered if Rose was secretly seeing how much Leah would swallow. Either that or Rose was being foxed as well.
There was some ill thought out plans from breakfast until lunch in which people mostly milled around and talked, she being counted among them. Just as Leah was wondering how to best extricate herself from her very long conversation with Rose, Rose ended it.
“I’ve talked for forever! My mouth is actually dry! Talked your ear off, haven’t I? My husband says I’m always doing it, but even when I realize I’m doing it, I just can’t seem to help myself. There’s just so much to tell and so little time. I’d best go change into something more suitable for the horse races though. It was good meeting you res…?”
“Reich,” Leah supplied.
“Res Reich, well keep out of trouble, and mind you look pretty for the young men yes?”
Leah nodded dumbly, pasting on a neutral expression, or what she hoped was a neutral expression to mask her surprise. And then Rose was gone, making her way through the crowd.
Sandy swore under her breath as the woman left earshot. “I don’t think her husband said more than five words. How do you suppose he lives with that?”
“I dunno,” Leah muttered. He’d seemed content to be silent, though perhaps he’d just resigned himself to it.
The horse races were after lunch, which was not long after Rose had left. Leah expected them to be fairly interesting, at least compared to what else was planned for that day. She and Sandy made the laborious trek downhill to the makeshift racetrack set up with pavilions for the standers-by, many of which were already waiting.
It was hot out, and her old dress pulled tight at the seams as she tried to breathe deeper. The shade of the red pavilion took the worst out of the heat of the day, but it was still humid, and she felt a bead of sweat crawl down her spine as she slowly merged into the mill of nobility. Manservants meandered through the crowds, offering water and refreshments to anyone whose attention they could get. Leah watched them, willing them to come her way. The crowd was so thick though that it was difficult to make much progress anywhere at all, so Leah worked her way to the ropes separating them from the course instead of continuing to hope they’d make it to her.
She’d never seen horse-racing. Her own riding skills were limited, whether by her lack of formal training or her own ineptness with horses it was hard to say. At any rate she didn’t like something she couldn’t really control.
 Leah watched one man struggle to put a spirited black stallion through his paces as the horse wrestled against the reigns. He wasn’t actually going to ride it was he? Well it would make things a little more interesting at least. Leah didn’t notice at first as a young woman who looked about her age approached her with her companion in tow, creamy skin pink from the heat.
“Excuse me, I’m Marciana, the baron of Iddo’s daughter. I don’t think we’ve met, and I thought that a little unusual.”
Leah swallowed quickly, a little too quickly and coughed to clear her throat.
“Leah Reich...the baron of Twilfur’s daughter.” Probably.
“Oh, I see. I was unsure of who you might be because there really aren’t very many of the nobility our age I don’t know by reputation at least. Is this your first time to Lucas?”
“Ah, um, yes.”
Despite having asked the question, Marciana’s pale eyebrows rose in blatant shock.
“Incredible. How do you find it?”
“Very good...certainly enjoying the accommodations.” 
She laughed, a surprised laugh, that told Leah just how out of place she was.
“It really is quite amazing here isn’t it? Iddo will always be home, but Lucas does have a certain appeal to it, especially the palace. The nobility used to live here almost year-round for court until my father’s day. Sometimes I wish it were still that way. Iddo is quaint, but there’s only four other families of nobility, and none with very attractive sons, though my mother disagrees of course. What about Twilfur? I hear it isn’t very big.”
“It’s not,” Leah said. She hadn’t realized some cities had more than one noble family. “It’s just my father there.”
Marciana’s pale brows went up again, but Leah was beginning to think that that was just one of her more common expressions and not necessarily indicative of surprise, or at least not great surprise.
“Really? And I thought Iddo was boring. Well, it’s not completely. Things happen, but they’re not the sort of exciting you’re usually after. Look! Brian Lamoreaux is racing. He’s from Lowrans and not too bad of a catch. Just a baron-eve, but wealthy and attractive. He’s very friendly. And it looks like Gias is as well. Theoretically he’s a good catch too, or used to be. He’s got too much of a reputation now. Not a very nice man and he’s forty if you’d believe that. Doesn’t look it does he?”
Leah shook her head. She didn’t recognize anybody in the first round as they readied to begin, marshaling their horses behind the line painted onto the trampled grass.
“Of course I shouldn’t be so forward with catching and all that, but I didn’t think you would mind. If it’s your first time anyways. Hannah Priora is quite forward too, but no one seems to mind. They just laugh and acclaim her honesty and fearless disregard of social expectations. It’s catching though, most of the youth are about like that so it’s not really much to go on about. She just doesn’t mind her tongue around her granny.”
The princess herself held up a thin rapier and swished it with two hands through the air, signaling the start of the race. She stood on a platform, and far enough back to miss most of the dirt and grass kicked up, but Leah thought she saw a flicker of disinterest and displeasure cross her face as she smoothed her skirts. After a moment, Leah returned her eyes to the race. One man was quickly outstripping his competitors. His horse’s hooves tore up grass as he held himself up, smoothly riding the gait of the horse. By the time he won he was far enough to look like he might have been losing.
“That’s the younger prince, the heir. Everybody likes him because he’s so perfect,” the girl standing next to her said with some contempt. “I’ve never talked to him in person though, so I wouldn’t know. He’s certainly good looking, though not enough to catch my interest.”
Leah guessed he was okay looking, although it was hard to tell from there. He certainly had been the best of his round, but that could just be his horse. If anyone would have a winning horse it would probably be him. 
“Not that he would be especially interested anyways as I’m so far below his class.”
Leah detected a trace of sullenness. How old was Marciana? She looked about seventeen, but she was seeming younger and younger. Like a very mature fourteen-year-old. Or trying to be anyways. Leah liked her.
Her father was in the following round on the dark brown gelding he’d had for about four years now and his favorite since then. They were in the middle of the shifting mounts that were edging close to the starting line. Marciana continued to point out other nobility, especially their own age. The riders took off with a fresh spray of dirt and thundered past the pavilions. Her father was in the middle of the pack when he passed her, but as he rounded the corner to the straightaway, she could see him pulling ahead. He finished in third a good horse length behind the second-place winner. Good, but not good enough for finals. 
He used to often come back to the castle splattered with mud when she was younger, his eyes bright and alive. He would smile at her sometimes, the faintest softening around the mouth in acknowledgment of her. Even later as they grew apart, she thought that he was more like he had been before when he rode. It seemed to give him something, a sort of life he didn’t usually have. She felt a brief longing for how things were, for how he used to be. But it was for something she couldn’t even hardly remember. How things were now, that was normal. Perhaps if her father ever had been full of life, that had been the anomaly.
“And there’s Prince Nubian on the far left,” Marciana said, interrupting her thoughts. The round took off. “I’m sure you’ve heard lots about him, he’s a gold mine for gossip. He’s an enigma, and not the good kind.”
The elder prince did well enough in his round to proceed to finals, although not as well as his brother Leah thought. He was bulkier, and although he seemed natural on his horse, it almost didn’t seem natural for such a large man to be riding a horse. Her sympathy went to the animal. He was not fat by any means, but tall, and with the muscular build that made her think he’d broken at least a few chairs in his life.
“Hannah’s after him, thinks his black marks are attractive. Best of luck to her,” she dropped her voice to a whisper. “My brother thinks he’s a queer.”
A queer? Maybe Leah didn’t know what the word meant after all. She’d never heard it used that way.
“Oh! Curtis’s in the next round. He’s the youngest, with the grey horse. He’s got all sorts of reputations and most of them aren’t any good.” Leah tried to make out Curtis better. He had dark hair and held himself with the sort of self-assurance of a man who knows his abilities and strengths very well and tends to count his weaknesses among them. He mounted smoothly before guiding his horse to the line, the last of his group to do so.
He won his heat, just barely beating out another, older man by a nose. It was close enough that the older man took the judge by the line aside to argue with him, his face growing redder and redder as he shook his finger at him. A third man ran over and mediated, pulling the man aside so that the next heat could proceed.  
The races seemed to go on for hours, and despite Marciana’s entertaining commentary Leah’s felt her irritation and impatience mounting with the heat.
The final round had eleven riders—both of the princes, the man named Curtis, the man who lost to Curtis, and the winners from the other heats. They lined up and took off with a spray of what grass was left. The younger prince won handily, if not easily, and dismounted, grinning at his brother who had gotten last in the finals. There was a subtle punch to the shoulder that left the younger in what Leah would call considerable pain. The younger prince hid it well after the initial reaction, gripping his brothers arm in either camaraderie or as a preventative measure. She would guess the latter. 
The royal family was not what she had expected. Leah was not sure what she thought of them, but what she’d seen so far was less than conducive to...she wasn’t sure what exactly. Good opinion maybe. The princess was too aloof for horse races, and Marcianna wasn’t the only one who had heard all sorts of rumors about the elder prince. Everyone had, even Leah. The former heir to the crown, the only named heir in history to have that title rescinded.
~     ~     ~
The evening dinner was a mixture of stress and tediousness and it served as a model for the following days. One boring affair of luncheons, small tea parties, and the occasional ride followed the other. Leah was introduced and introduced herself to more people than she cared to count. She remembered very few names except Rose and Henry and found that people never bothered to introduce themselves twice on the rare occasion she did talk to them twice. Most people didn’t actually care who she was. Baron-ave was not really a step up from Vidame, and no one cared about Twilfur. It was not wealthy or large or even very quaint. It was just what you went through to get to where you were actually going. She was only a catch if you weren’t titled, and even then, you wouldn’t pay any attention to her, but to her father. He was whose approval you needed. Her apprehension on the subject began to fade as the days slipped by without event. Maybe her father was just finally introducing her into society, and she had simply jumped to conclusions. There was still time to sit and talk to Sandy in stolen moments in her tower room, and watch Ethel make lemon cookies in her hot, crowded kitchen with only one counter.
Saturday did come at last, and she had only one more day of social interaction to brave. Over the whole course of the week she had seen her father very little and had not talked to him at all—not that that was particularly unusual, but she had expected prodding on his part, instructions maybe. She wasn’t quite sure what she had imagined. Just supervision she guessed, so she didn’t mess it up. It seemed reckless not to, given her history and inexperience.
 The week finished with a celebratory ball, the only one of this event so far, and Leah retired to her room to get ready early simply because that was what everyone else was doing. She was already wearing her nicest gown, her dark gold one, and she smoothed the frictionless fabric against her legs, grateful for the length and give of the material as she sat for Sandy to redo her hair. To be insignificant and inept at this was bad enough, but to have her dress flap above her ankles was even worse. She wasn’t sure she could hope to be pretty, but she felt like less of a spectacle in this dress. Sandy’s dress was similarly simple, but of cheaper fabric, its rougher texture brushing the back of her arm as Sandy started putting pins into the nearly unmanageable coily hair. That she did enjoy about her appearance. 
 “Presentable yes?” Sandy asked after just a few minutes.
Leah smiled. “Is that what you would call me?”
“You look it, I didn’t say you act it.”
Leah smiled again, casting one last look into her own eyes. She hoped people couldn’t see what she saw there. 
As they joined the throng she awed at the beauty and exorbitant show of wealth by about half of the nobility. Expensive looking jewelry dripped off most of the lady’s necks and wrists and they all held themselves regally and with the kind of poise that made Leah think they were born for this. They were she supposed. It just didn’t feel like she was.
Like everything else there, the gladan was built to impress, with a high ceiling of darkly stained wood supported by beams from which hung glittering strands of light and glass. It was darker than the rest of the castle with a sort of sober air despite all the chatter. Leah was seated next to a middle-aged woman near the end of the table. She learned her name was Laura, her husband had been a baron before he died, and being a widower suited her much better than married life. 
“The last couple of years were just full of his complaints about his exhaustion and back. It’s a relief to be rid of him, not that he was an awful man. Very thoughtful, just never my match. Intellect of a well-trained hound. Of course you don’t know, you probably have no experience with men yet, or at least you shouldn’t admit to any,” she said quite cheerfully. “No confessions alas?”
Leah coughed in surprise, appreciating to a degree her humor, but unsure how to respond in kind. She settled for safety. “Uh, no. Did you travel far?”
“No, just a few days, though I must admit I rather do enjoy traveling. I wouldn’t have minded further. I was not made for a quiet life, though I can see it would suit you quite well. You remind me of my son. Terribly fond of home, it was unfortunate he was not the oldest. He married well enough though.”
Leah examined the light reflecting off of her fork from the lights overhead. She hated the castle, wasn’t terribly fond of Twilfur either, just Ethel’s quiet home. And yet...Leah balked at the idea of change.
“Where does he live now?” she asked, ceasing her examination.
The woman continued to talk and even began filling Leah in on some gossip as she became aware of how appallingly scanty Leah’s knowledge was. She didn’t have names to put to faces, but she now had stories to put to names.
Leah was actually starting to enjoy dinner to a degree by the time it was over, though Laura seemed keen to get to the ballroom. Something about younger men to catch. She watched her stride ahead into the crowd as she dawdled a way behind, nausea growing in her stomach. 
Sandy caught up to her just outside the gladan, falling in place behind her—something Leah had grown accustomed to since arriving. The ballroom was a huge room with polished marble floors that were hid mostly by skirts and shoes except for the dance floor—a smooth expanse that seemed more ceiling than floor, a near perfect reflection of the delicate mass of chandelier and elaborate, recessed coffers. White paneled doors led out to the gardens along two walls and were thrown open to entice a breeze into the space that would become suffocating before long. The wall adjacent to the way they’d entered was made up of two staircases arching up to meet each other, and Leah soon realized most people were facing expectantly that way. 
The doors were already thrown open, and there was a respectful hush as the princess and her father entered, the princess’s green gown trailing along the floor. She was graceful, and very pretty, every inch a stately princess. Her hair was a rich brown gleaming from reflected light and although she was short her figure was good. Her father shared her darker colored hair and was a blend of his sons’ builds. Taller and broader than the younger, but shorter and slimmer than the elder. He kept his daughter’s hand tucked in his elbow as they descended, her dress mimicking the shape of the steps as the train rippled down them. The music started as soon as they had reached the bottom, and her father began to dance with her, guiding her effortlessly in the circle created by the onlookers.
Leah smiled as another memory of Silas surfaced in her mind for a moment. Of him teaching her in the space behind his house how to do the same. Leah being dwarfed by his size and getting a kink in her neck from looking up at uneven patches of stubble he had missed shaving on his neck. He had not been a great dancer, but he knew the steps and had been the only one to think to teach her. Well, she supposed her father probably expected that Miss Wevir was teaching her that. Leah did not dance well either, but she had always enjoyed dancing with Silas. 
The music seemed to fill the large space like a giant bubble, and for a moment she felt secure. In this space of time, no one would ask her to dance, no one was even watching her. All eyes were focused on the pretty girl sweeping the floor with her father. And then the moment was over. The princess changed hands to the second son and heir. Other couples began to join the dancefloor.
Something about the rich anticipation in the ballroom air, the steady sureness of the other nobility made her falter, and she moved steadily around the room, avoiding eye contact whenever possible. She admired the embroidered hems and tapered pant legs of the people around her before she finally thought to escape to the gardens. Even as the cooler outside air met her face, she walked ahead of Sandy at first, not relishing the idea of talking to her at present. Sandy had never had much sympathy for her, and she didn’t blame her. By comparison, Leah was entitled and overindulged. Sandy also never had trouble speaking to strangers or feeling comfortable in unfamiliar settings. As the tension ebbed though, she slowed a little, still not looking forward to Sandy’s comments, but willing to face them. Sandy’s short harried breaths grew louder as she caught up.
“Finally, you practically ran from there. It’s no wonder you have no connections.”
Leah shrugged.
“You could just do it you know. It’s not that hard. You smile, flirt a little, flatter people. It’s not that hard.” The silence stretched out for a moment. “I think you would be good at it. You’re really quite...personable, for a noble anyways. It’s possible to still like you even after getting to know you.”
Leah clasped her hands behind her back as they fell into pace.
“Still, the gardens are nice. Maybe I should just stay behind when you go back. Take up a shovel and start pruning the roses.”
“They can’t be using a shovel to prune roses,” Leah said.
“I know they don’t, I just can’t think of the word, the small shovel.”
Leah shrugged; she had no idea what Sandy was talking about.
“You probably want to dance.”
Sandy pulled an expression. “Not really my kind of dance, a bit too formal. Besides, it’s not really about me, is it?”
They were just turning around the hedges when they almost ran into a couple. It took a moment, but Leah recognized them as the princess and the brother that was meant to be the heir.
“So sorry—” Leah said.
“Excuse us—” the younger prince said at the same time. 
There was a moment of silence that would have taken a turn for awkward if the prince hadn’t spoken again.
“I don’t think we’ve met. I’m Theudas Laflin, and this is my sister Arabella—”
“Everyone calls me Alayna though,” his sister interrupted.
“I think everyone actually calls you princess, but by all means, this is my sister Arabella Alayna Laflin.”
“I’m Leah Reich, from Twilfur,” she added as an afterthought since her name wouldn’t mean much to them. “And this is my companion Sandy Urlese.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you both, how are you enjoying your week here at the capital?” the younger prince asked.
He stared at her expectantly with his hands clasped behind his back, his face open and earnest. His sister was masking her expressions well, but Leah detected her impatience.
“Very well, thank you…. You did very well in the horse races.”
“Ah...yes, Alayna lost a bet for that didn’t you?”
Alayna gave him a cold look.
“Only because he lost on purpose to spite me.”
Theudas let out a bark of laughter. “That wouldn’t be unlike him, but we all know who the better horseman is.”
Alayna chuffed an annoyed sound. “No. We all just know who’s fatter.” She seemed to remember that Sandy and Alayna were there. “It’s a pleasure to meet you both, and I wish you a safe journey tomorrow. I best be back, or my father will notice.”
“Of course,” Leah replied. “Have a good evening.”
Theudas smiled at them both as he and the princess walked away, and Leah couldn’t help but agree with the general popular opinion of him. He was handsome, seemingly genuine, and... human.
“What are you thinking about?” Sandy asked curiously as they ventured further into the gardens.
“I like him,” Leah said. “It surprises me.”   
“I like him too,” Sandy mused, smirking while she watched them disappear. 
Leah fought down a smile.
“‘S too bad. The only other decent noble is legions above your station.”
Leah laughed, though she had to agree.
They ventured inside occasionally when boredom won over her apprehension of being asked to dance, but they always returned to the garden before long, generally with refreshments. On their fourth trip in, Leah was caught off guard by the approach of a young man, already too close to give her much time to think. He stepped around the last couple between her and him, dispelling the last shred of hope that she had been mistaken in his intention. She adjusted her grip on her glass, afraid she was about to drop it, and met his eyes, struggling to hold them. He had fine blond hair that wasn’t as stiff as most of the other gentlemen’s, shifting with the currents of air and making him look exceptionally young. His eyes were a light blue, clear and amiable. He seemed to hesitate nervously.
“Would you dance with me?” 
“Of course,” she managed as she placed her hand in his and the glass in Sandy’s. 
Everything seemed slightly surreal as he led her out onto the dance floor—the sparkling of the chandelier, the faces of people much prettier and better dressed than her, the irregularities of the marble floor. She should have taken her lessons more seriously.
He was taller than her, but Leah didn’t know how much as she was too afraid to look up. They were just assuming their dance positions when she realized she should be listening to the music to pick up which dance they were performing. She cast her eyes around at how all the dancers were lined up, hastily trying to make up for her lapse in attention and sudden inability to count the time signature. It was an unfamiliar song, not a set dancing song, so it would be up to her partner to decide the dance. Leah finally managed to find the count. The beat was three four time, so most likely the bourbadour. The customary introduction to the song ended, and he lifted her right hand in his left, before sliding his other hand under her left arm to press gently against her shoulder blade. The spreed then. Leah wasn’t sure whether to be relieved or more anxious. The spreed was one of the easiest dances, especially if the man led well, but it required more physical contact than any of the others. 
The room felt hotter than it had before, and Leah was grateful he wore gloves. She concentrated on her feet, careful to mirror his steps as he started, graceful and light in a way she struggled to imitate on feet that seemed to have turned to wooden blocks.
She finally looked up into his face, as staring at his chest the whole dance would have been more awkward. He was four or five inches taller, and he smiled easily. She nearly missed a beat, incapable of focusing on the steps and what she should say. A wealth of smells hit her as they moved across the dancefloor—faint wisps of desserts and the heavier scent of alcoholic beverages under the overwhelming press of sweat and perfume.
“You’re Leah, right?” he asked before she could think of anything at all.
Her eyebrows rose in surprise. “Yes, but I don’t think we’ve been introduced.” 
“Sorry, I’m Sam, actually Samuel, but you can call me Sam.” 
Leah attempted a smile. “Well met. I’m Leah, as you already seem to know, Baron-ave of Twilfur.” She hadn’t failed to notice he’d forgotten to say his title and reminded him of hers to reinforce manners.
“Yes I know, it’s hard to forget a name like Twilfur, sort of sticks with you,” he said, oblivious to her attempts. He paused as they danced through a somewhat more complicated movement of the song. She was ever aware of the uncomfortable pressure of his hand on her back guiding her. “Our fathers have been talking about an engagement and I thought it would be good if I actually met you. You’ve been hard to find.” 
Leah smile faltered, and her heart fell. It felt like someone had sucked about half the color out of the ballroom and hit her in the gut when she wasn’t looking. She nearly missed another step but moved just in time. She caught her slip and smiled again. She was a fool. Even when she knew it was coming she was still surprised.
“Well I’m glad you did. Better to meet beforehand.”
“That’s what I thought. Most people usually do. This seems kind of an old-fashioned way of approaching it...marriage, um, betrothal I mean...not that I mind,” he hurried to add, as if the polite—and in her opinion well-deserved—criticism of their father’s decisions offended her. “I’m terrible with decisions really.”
“Can’t say that I’m much better,” Leah said agreeing out of habit more than anything. On reflection though, it was probably true. “Are you from Lucas?”
“Oh! No, I’m from near Drewton. My father manages all the outliers of the city, though no one in the city itself. The cases he had...although I probably best not get into it here…” he trailed off. “And not with a lady,” he added in chagrin.
Leah wished he would tell her; it sounded a more interesting topic than their current conversation. “Do you come from a large family?”
“Um, no. Just me and my sister. You kind of remind me of her… but probably with a much sweeter disposition. She can be a right terror sometimes.”
Irritation prickled in her gut. But he was trying at least. He had sought her out and was doing his best to be friendly and honest—making the best of his circumstances.
Leah raised her brows and found her smile felt at least a little less fake. “Well, your sister must be pretty awful if my disposition is indeed sweeter.” He laughed at this, more genuine than his last laugh and said “Come to think of it, she’s really not that bad, just some days, and not so many days the older she gets. She’s just a bit spoiled, I suppose.”
“Sorry, I didn’t catch your family’s name,” Leah said after several moments of silence.
“Sorry! Terrible manners. I always have. You just make me a little nervous what with expectations and all. No one really knows anything about you. Kind of a shadowy figure, this daughter of a baron near the heart of the country who has never even been formally introduced to society. Bit strange really. Sorry, it’s Cergrew. And it’s not that you’re strange, just your circumstances, didn’t know what to expect really, so I was nervous,” he trailed off and missed a step in the dance. Leah stumbled, but he caught the beat again and she obeyed the suddenly stiffer guide of his arms as he righted their pace. “Sorry, sorry, never was especially good at dancing and talking. The easier the dance the better. And of course, this is the easiest one, but still…” He grinned at her, his blush beginning to recede. Leah smiled back, unsure of herself, wanting to join in his humor, but feeling almost too awkward to do so.
“Definitely happens,” she said quietly.
He continued to ask her questions and Leah found that she could not really fault him for the decision her father had made or was making. She wasn’t even sure she could fault her father for Sam, at least not yet. Why had he picked someone so nice? And so young as well? Maybe he actually cared a jot. The thought was painful in the feelings it attempted to resurrect.
When the dance ended, he guided her back over to where he had found her, near the doors to the gardens. 
“It’s a really mild night. Where did your friend go?”
Leah gazed at the ballroom brimming with people, slightly overwhelmed. Did someone ask Sandy to dance? 
“I’m not sure, but I’ll find her eventually, thank you for the dance,” she said smiling up at him with what she hoped was a reasonable imitation of friendliness. Sam hesitated but then smiled.
“I’ll see you later then. And safe travels if I don’t run into you again before I leave. Now that I’ve finally been able to track you down I know what you look like so it shouldn’t be so difficult to find you again,” he smiled somewhat mischievously and disappeared into the swell of people. Leah watched him, trying to track his head through the mix, lost in thought. 
She spotted Sandy at last among the other swirling dancers about halfway through the next song. She was dancing with some kind of military officer who was good looking in a sort of good-natured way. The same way Sam had looked with his fair hair, light eyes and continuous smile. A squib of guilt pricked at her mind as she watched Sandy dancing and smiling. This was a place full of opportunities for her, even if the chances weren’t very good and all Leah wanted to do was lurk behind bushes in the garden. She looked down at her hands, at the shortness of the path lines that feathered across her upper palm. They did not even come close to her fate—or better known as luck—line, except for one faint branching tendril on her left palm—the capricious hand—as if to represent the chances of her life working together in a way she could at least learn to love. She looked back at Sandy and wondered if the fault was in herself, or if perhaps she would have been like Sandy if she had grown up in a crowd of brothers and amiable parents. Some deep part of her felt like the fault was rooted in the marrow of her bones, something she couldn’t ever get out without irrevocable damage. She could not be Leah and a good patrician.


Chapter Four

Her relief upon returning home was short-lived. Her father had invited Sam and his family to Twilfur and had only given vague answers as to how long they would be staying. This he told her at breakfast. Of course, because breakfast was the time for all bad news. She stared at the lump of fried potatoes on her plate. He never told her any of these things very far in advance. Never consulted her, though she guessed she shouldn’t expect that. She did not even like potatoes, but she had eaten them without complaint since coming under Silas’s care. What had it all been for? Sam was not bad, but she wasn’t ready for change. She wasn’t ready to leave behind Silas and Ethel and the freedom of their little backyard.
“Delightful.”
Her father looked up at her, wiping his mouth with his napkin. “Truly,” he said flatly before continuing to work on his breakfast. It occurred to her that although he may not have known about her skipping tutoring with Miss Wevir for years or the lessons that replaced them, he was not truly fooled.
“Truly,” Leah responded in kind, daring him to respond to the stronger drawl in her own voice.
She saw the faintest hint of a repressed smile—the sort of smile one smiles when they can’t really decide if they are amused or irritated.
“Well excellent then. Samuel is most likely going to become your husband, so if you would be on your best behavior.”
“Always.”
Her father wiped his mouth again with his napkin before setting it on his plate. He knit his fingers together, meeting her gaze over them. “Just because a stallion has been put through its paces by a master horseman, does not make it inclined to bear its rider or better yet a new master who is soft on the reigns. Some horses never truly yield. They just wait.”
“Am I a volatile horse then? Waiting for an opportunity to dump its rider in the streets and run to the wind?”
“You tell me Leah. Are you willing to be manageable? Are you willing to relinquish the reins that never belonged to you? I am no fool, daughter. I see it in your eyes. But you have done well despite it.” He drummed the fingers of one hand on the table, lips pursed as he studied his plate. “You would have made a better man, I think. You might have even made a good man.”
He looked up at her with his smooth, murky green eyes, waiting to see how she would respond, but Leah didn’t. She was almost flattered. Almost. 
She didn’t feel particularly inclined to be a man.
She didn’t particularly feel inclined to be a woman either. Too confining.
Leah finished her breakfast in silence before leaving.
Her aunt’s family was to come as well, including Rowan, whom Leah hadn’t spoken much to in several years. They were all supposed to arrive in a little less than two weeks, and Leah found she almost wished it had been that day. As much as she dreaded what it meant, the wait was even worse. If Silas had let her, she would have spent all day everyday there, training with the sword, or helping him on projects. She tried to read but found that the words shifted incomprehensibly through her mind like sand through fingers as she thought of the minutes she had spent with Sam over and over again, or what her new life might be like. He seemed so nice. Was all that just an act? Or maybe he was sort of dim, like Laura’s husband. Would Leah rather be married to someone stupid or mean? She wasn’t sure. Probably stupid. The worst thought however, was that he was intelligent, moderate and kind. And that she wouldn’t be enough. That he would be shackled to her for life. Or he would find other women, and she would say nothing because she could understand why. Spending the rest of her life in a completely different facade.
And then she would reshelf the book, trying in vain to distract herself in any possible way. The only thing that really could were her sessions with Silas, but they were getting worse and worse over the days leading up to the arrival. She swung clumsily, missed easy blocks, and found that she was not really in it despite how hard she tried. 
Almost a week before the two families were scheduled to come, Leah took breakfast in the kitchen. Sandy probed her so extensively that Leah just left with an apple, wandering forest paths she hadn’t been down since she was twelve.
Her spirits brightened somewhat when she at last arrived at Silas’s and Lucien was not there. Lucien was a sparring partner Silas had found for her. He was his only other student, taken on several years ago when his family became unexpectedly successful in trade. Leah rather loathed Lucien. He reminded her of her father: self-assured, arrogant, and disapproving.
It was not as productive without him, but Silas put her through the paces well, still beating her defenses with gentle raps on her ribs or legs. They did not spar as quickly as she did with Lucien, instead focusing on her technique. Silas sweat more than she did, though she was hot enough she was sweating plenty.
“Can I stay for dinner?” she asked when Silas finished mopping his brow after their last bout.
Silas looked at her, his tawny eyes piercing. 
“Won’t your father be expecting you?”
Leah shrugged, handing her sword to him so he could lean it against the inner shed wall along with his. He rested his large hand on her shoulder, the warmth penetrating through the thin practice shirt he had given her about a year ago. Leah met his eyes, knowing already what the answer would be. He clapped her on the back.
“Off you go kiddo.”
“Bye,” Leah said, waving a little before weaving through the house and past Ethel. Her tread didn’t take her back to the castle, but deeper into the city center. She didn’t miss the glances her way. She didn’t know at what point people had come to recognize her as the baron’s daughter, but they all seemed to know, and they all seemed to know that she wasn’t up to any good. 
Leah found herself in the small cemetery outside of town, her footsteps quiet, but audible against the quiet whispering of the grass, and faint twittering of birds. She lay down under a willow tree, watching the sunlight wane until it really was time she should get back. Her stomach felt oddly hollow, a feeling she wasn’t familiar with, and exhaustion weighted her footsteps as she began the trek back after deciding not to sleep there in the grass; stories of jaberwockies had kept coming back to her as she considered it.
Leah hadn’t even gotten to the city wall however before she encountered some of her father’s guards. She was not sure why this surprised her, but it did. Perhaps because it had been so long. Despite this, the feeling was so familiar it felt like it had been only yesterday, and her stint of good behavior was just that, a fleeting attempt. They hemmed her in on either side, and Leah had to check her steps so as not to step on the heels in front of her. The rest of the walk was over before she had time to sort out her thoughts and soon they were on the castle grounds walking up the familiar cobble path.
“Does my father want to see me?” she asked, but she only got a rather direct look as they drug her up to her father’s study. They dumped her in a leather chair in front of his desk and Leah lounged in it instead of sitting back up. If this was where they wanted her, fine. He dismissed the guards promptly before circling his desk, his fingers trailing along the darkly stained wood, his rings gleaming dully. He still wore a wedding ring, the silver more polished than their silverware. Fear pulsed in her stomach, despite her attempts at nonchalance and she did her best not to show it as his iron gaze fixed on her. She willed herself to be undaunted, but even if her good behavior had only been a stint, she had lost all of her backbone in that time. He folded his arms as he leaned back against his desk but didn't say anything for several moments. The fabric across his shoulders was taut and pulled in creases, reminding her that while her father didn’t work in the fields, he was not a weak man. He had hit her before, but only once.
“Not hungry today then?”
“Not especially,” Leah said quietly. She was not willing to make him angrier, but she wasn’t ready to back down.
Her father pursed his lips for a moment and the silence settled on them like a heavy shroud.
“You must learn that there are rules you must play by.” She kept her eyes fixed on the crisp creases bisecting his knees until they moved, taking him back around the desk. She heard him sit down, the leather squeaking slightly. “Do you want to be disowned, thrown out on the streets? I never did rescind that threat. Don’t think because you are my only heir that I wouldn’t do it. Dishonor has many flavors, and yours could be especially bitter. There is nowhere you could go, no profession that would take you. You are unskilled, unreasonable, and a woman. I’m not even sure a sporting house would take you.”
Leah felt the anger begin to burn in her stomach, trying to prick at her eyes with wetness. She kept her expression schooled, willing her mind blank. Anger flickered in his own eyes and his fists tightened.
“If you weren’t so busy acting like the spoiled ingrate that you are, you would see I have chosen well for you. With your station, you will do no better. He is young enough, kind enough, and with a good enough reputation. I can’t help it if you don’t like him. That’s not the way this works, and you should know it. I knew it. You were born to privilege; you have nothing to complain about. You will never have to worry where the next meal comes from. You will never worry for your life. I have not rescinded my threat of so many years ago, but now I will issue you a new one. You will take what you are given with grace, or I will see to it that you are given to the man of the worst reputation I can find and not so old you can wish for his timely death. Are we in understanding?”
During the course of the speech, Leah’s eyes had fallen to the floor, and they felt even hotter now. She didn’t dare look up, but she nodded. She was not a fool, or maybe she was. There was indeed much worse. 
“You may go now. I’ll see you at breakfast tomorrow.”
“Yes, res,” Leah said, doing her best to keep her face and tone even. She stood and slipped out of the room.
~     ~     ~
Leah tried not to think too much about anything in the week she had left. She spent as long as Silas would have her, and even practiced piano and voice when she returned. She went so far as to review etiquette for as long as she could stand—usually twenty minutes—in the hope that she wouldn’t make a fool of herself this early on. Maybe if she kept it up long enough she would become it. A vision of herself came to mind, courteous, well-dressed, likeable. She didn’t dwell on the mixed feelings it brought. It was this or nothing.
Despite her attempts to stay busy, she was edgy with nervousness. Tuesday morning Rowan’s family arrived first and she stepped forward to embrace her aunt and Susanna. Rowan’s mother had had a difficult time getting pregnant again after Rowan, and Susanna’s birth had been so difficult for her that it was more or less a relief to her whole family when she had been unable to become pregnant a fourth time. The oldest sister, May, was already married with several children. Her aunt Lyla was now approaching fifty and was beginning to look old to Leah.
“You’re taller,” her aunt said dryly. “But built like a scarecrow. Better than the alternative I suppose. Give me your arm.”
Leah resisted the urge to laugh, knowing Lyla wouldn’t take it well as she did not appreciate jokes. Her aunt gripped the arm Leah offered and set a brisk pace up the gravel path.
“It’s good your father’s getting this sorted out, waited too long if you ask me. He’s lucky he got who he did for you, given you are practically nameless in the upper circles. Squirrelling you away in Twilfur, what a fool. Then again, maybe it is for the better. You wouldn’t have done much better at any rate, now that I look at you. Probably worse in fact. As they say, you either hide your jewels or your skeletons and I think he knew which one he was hiding.”
Leah didn’t respond, didn’t think it necessary. Her aunt had never liked Leah. Said she looked too much like her mother who’d run off. ‘Just as wild. Mark my words Hernan, she’s going to go the same way if you don’t get her in line,’ she’d say, glittering eyes trained on Leah as she spoke. Her aunt continued to complain about the inns, and her sore back as Leah escorted her to her room.
“Here you are. I’ll just let you rest—”
“Don’t just try and get rid of me you ungrateful child. Hasn’t your father taught you anything by way of manners. Practically a savage.”
“I’m sorry aunt Lyla. Can I get anything for you? Would you like me to stay and help with your things?”
“By the saints child. No one wants company from the loath to impart it. Lesson one of the hostess, never make your guests feel unwelcome or unwanted. Your every thought from when they arrive to when they depart is how best to cater to their needs. Understand child?”
Leah nodded, staring down at the floor ahead of her clasped hands. There was no pleasing this lot, best just look subservient. At any rate it made her almost want to extol her father’s virtues. None of this dung at least.
“And for heaven's sakes, I know you don’t have a mother, but you could dress a little more becomingly. I hate to tell you this dear, but this excess of ruffles was not even attractive when it was in style, and it has since gone out, far out.” she said brushing some of the lace on Leah’s complicated collar with her bony fingers.
“I shall endeavor to make more of an effort.”
 Her aunt sniffed, not mollified, and seeming to sense that Leah was not much committed to this endeavor. “You’d best, or you will be an embarrassment in your new household. At least change before your intended gets here. If you were trying to impress him, I’m afraid that was not a good attempt at it.”
Leah inclined her head as she was dismissed and strode purposely down the hallway in a way she was sure looked incredibly foolish with the way the ribbons bounced and the skirts flipped up against her calves. It was hardly her fault if her father neglected to buy her current clothing. She hated to ask him for anything. She hadn’t in almost as long as she could remember. She was sure he had noticed. He noticed everything. He chose not to act, so why should she ask.
The route to her room seemed to blur into one angry haze until she was staring vengefully at the garments in her wardrobe. She had mistakenly worn her two new dresses earlier that week and the staff has not done laundry since. Tears pricked her eyes as she glared unseeingly at what was left. This was so stupid. She didn’t even care what her aunt thought. She did care what Sam thought though. Leah stayed there until she managed to will them away. The old grey one wasn’t too bad. It was pre-frippery era even and was a good four inches too short. But it wouldn’t be too embarrassing, at least at the dinner table. That was where she would do most of her interaction anyways. It was tight across the bodice and shoulders, making Leah feel constricted in an anxious sort of way, but she did her best to brush the discomfort away as she smoothed her wild hair back.
Rowan was helping the manservants with his mother’s things when Leah came back down, tugging on her dress to help it sit a little lower before he looked up. His face was drawn and tired, and his dark brown hair was in need of a comb, but other than that Leah thought he looked well. 
Two years ago, they’d came and visited for about a month, something she anticipated with dread during the month preceding their arrival. Rowan’s family was the only interaction Leah really had with other nobility and it never went well. Her aunt criticized her to no end, and Rowan and Susanna often joined in on remarking on her clothes, bad manners, or unfortunate features. 
When they’d came to visit, she made herself as scarce as possible and didn’t interact with Rowan hardly at all until the first Sunday afternoon. She’d sequestered herself in the music room, picking painfully through a new song when he’d shown up. She remembered keenly the embarrassment of him hearing her play as she ignored him at first, continuing with less and less success to play the song. 
“Want to learn a duet with me?” he’d asked as he sat next to her on the bench, so close that their shoulders brushed. “It’s one of my favorites but Susanna’s not good enough to play it with me yet. I’ll write it out for you really fast.” 
And he did, and it had actually been easy enough to play. He had talked to her the handful of times he’d visited since, and they’d settled into an amicable truce.
“How was the ride?” she asked as he started up the steps.
“Good, more or less. Mother hates traveling so you can imagine. Especially without father. Is that a different dress?” he asked curiously.
“Oh,” Leah said blushing. “Yes. Your mother didn’t like my last one. I doubt she’ll like this one much better but…” she shrugged.
Rowan’s brow creased momentarily, but then it smoothed as he shook his head. “Just worn out from the trip. Probably feels the obligation to mother you and make sure everything goes well.”
Leah felt the awkwardness of her upcoming engagement even if Rowan didn’t seem to. She nodded in agreement to his statement and helped him with the rest of the things.
Dinner came, but not their other guests. She sat across from her aunt and next to her father who sat at the head of the table. Rowan sat on the other side and Susanna next to her mother. It was quiet at first, except for the queries of Sandy and Ezra who were serving them and the chinking of silverware on ceramic.
“Hernan,” her aunt said once Sandy and Ezra had left. “How have you been occupying yourself of late?” 
“Well enough,” he replied succinctly, settling his napkin onto his lap.
“Sorry, with what have you been occupying your time?”
“With the work of a barony.”  
Susanna watched the proceeding with her dark intelligent eyes so like her mother’s, but it was hard to tell what she was thinking. Leah shared an expression with Rowan before she started cutting into her roast. The tender meat separated almost without the need for a knife, but Leah used one anyways.
Susanna turned primly towards her. “So, are you excited for your engagement?”
Leah resented the question, but perhaps mostly just that it was Susanna that asked it. “I’m not sure. We’re not actually engaged yet.” She risked a glance at her father and his sister to make sure they were still talking. She couldn’t think of much else to say so she just took a sip from her cup.
“Hmmm, you don’t sound very excited, but that’s okay I bet he’s not either.”
It took Leah a moment to recover. “Well, it’s good we’ll have something in common.”
“My mamma says…”
“Hush your mouth Susanna,” her mother interrupted. “You needn’t say everything that pops into your head.”
Susanna opened her mouth to argue, but her mother’s expression sharpened, and Susanna shut her mouth.
Leah took a prolonged drink from her cup to hide her grin.
Her father did not look so amused. 
“This is excellent roast, Hernan. Do you get it locally?”
“Where else Lyla? It’s hardly any good when it’s been transported in the hot sun from city to city unless it’s coated with enough salt to make a freshwater lake an ocean.” Were oceans salty then?
Lyla tilted her head up and forward, rolling it slightly in an angry expression, crushing her napkin as she did so in one shaking hand.
“My Hernan,” she breathed in a falsely calm voice. “You certainly must be under a great deal of duress.”
Her father shrugged and continued to eat, a distinctly annoyed feeling exuding from him. 
“Must be a trying daughter and a hope to seal the deal before anyone takes a second glance,” her aunt hissed through her teeth, glaring at him.
Leah’s grin had long since faded, but now she didn’t know where to look. Anywhere but Rowan. Her father set down his knife and rested his elbows on the table with fingers interlaced. 
“Dear sister, I understand that you had a taxing journey and that you feel the need to be involved in my life. However, rest assured that whatever my decisions have been, at least I have been able to make peace with them.”
“Is that so? Whatever happened—”
“Lyla!” her father said cutting her off with cold fury. “Whatever rumors you decide to spread in the holy walls of Lucas, keep them there. I won’t tolerate it in my house from a woman, much less my sister. Hold your tongue or you’ll be holding the reins to your horse on your way out. Tonight.”
Her aunt’s mouth pinched tightly as she stared blankly at her plate, hands clasped in her lap.
It was nice at least to see her father angry at someone else for a change.
~     ~     ~
Breakfast was polite, if stiff. Well her aunt was polite. Her father’s demeanor was very unflappable in general except for his fits of anger. He acted as if the night before had not happened, although Lyla wouldn’t forget or forgive Leah would wager. It was not the makings of a good stay. 
She left to Silas and Ethel’s after lunch when she thought it would be acceptable, mostly just to escape the tension. She didn’t plan to be gone long. 
When she arrived, she discovered Ethel had made gooseberry tarts and Leah ate most of them while Ethel fussed over her. She took several back for Sandy who she found sorting scraps at the table.
“Been to Ethel’s then,” Sandy said as she ate one, taking a break from her work.
Leah nodded, staring at the scrap pile. Her stomach stirred nervously. 
“I’m amazed you’re not fat, only a matter of time I suppose.”
“Probably.”
“Your aunt’s a really pain in…” Martha had just come through the back door and Sandy’s sentence abruptly trailed off and she resumed her task. “A real pain,” she corrected looking steadfastly at Leah. “Complaining about how the beds were made and how the towels were folded in the bathroom. Made me refold them all. Makes you father seem like a saint.”
“She does, doesn’t she? Told me it was probably a good thing I was squirrelled away back here that way no one got a good look at me.”
Sandy let out a snort of laughter. “You know that’s probably true. Not that you’re ugly, but you’re not what most society men are after. You almost look like you’ve got some reed blood in you even though I know you don’t.”
Leah shrugged. She might for all she knew about her mother. “Your hair’s just too curly, you’ve got freckles, a snub nose, too tall, not exactly a socialite either. Not ugly, but not really what they’re after if you know what I mean.”
“I’ll take your word for it.”
Sandy shrugged. “They’re people, they’re not that hard to understand.”
Leah disagreed, and wondered if Sandy really understood them that well either.
“Speaking of people, I heard some come in a little bit ago, I think your man’s here.”
Leah startled and a prickling cold feeling spread down her body. The excess of sweets churned unpleasantly in her gut.
“Okay, I’d better go then. Have fun,” she said looking meaningfully towards the scraps.
“Spoiled brat.” A potato peel hit the wall not far from her head—a purposeful miss.  
Leah’s smile faded as she slowly ascended the stairs trying to calm her stomach. Her heart threatened to beat out of her chest as she stalled inside the doorway that led to the main floor. After a moment she forced herself to go through and headed in the direction of her room. She had almost made it all the way up the first staircase before someone called out her name. She turned to see Sam at the base of the stairs. Her breathe caught, and she was suddenly at a loss for words. He must have already changed because his clothes were fresh and pressed.
“Oh, I see you’ve finally made it. Welcome.” Leah gripped the banister loosely to steady herself.
“Yeah, sorry about that. We set out later than we should have because my father had some things he needed to take care of.”
“That explains it.”
There was an awkward pause where neither said anything. “I was just heading up to walk with my aunt down to dinner,” she finally said.
“Come with me instead.”
“All right.” She descended the steps to walk with him, focusing on each stair to avoid looking at his face. Because she had not spent the extra time in her aunt’s room, they were earlier than anyone else and sat across from each other in the large, spacious gladan. It had chairs to seat up to fifty people but Leah had never seen the table even half full. She smoothed a crease in the tablecloth fastidiously.
Sam cleared his throat. “So... ah.... has your uncle’s family already arrived?”
Leah glanced up, meeting his eyes, but found she could not hold his gaze. “Yes, though my uncle didn’t come this time.” She searched for something else to say, a question since he had posed one as well. She smoothed her napkin, adjusting the silverware so the spoon and knife were perfectly parallel.
Just then the door opened again and Rowan came through, hesitating briefly as he took in the scene.
“Good evening,” he said to Leah before sitting next to Sam. “Rowan Hawthorne, just a Vi-vidame.” It occurred to her then, that despite how low her status was, it was a step up from her aunt’s family. Rowan would not be well known either. He might have trouble marrying anyone respectable. His family had some land though, which was more than most vidames, so perhaps he would be all right. 
“Good to meet you. Sam Cergrew, Baron-eve. I think I met your parents once, though it was a while back.”
“Probably, yes actually. I think my mother mentioned the Cergrews.”
Rowan carried the conversation enviously well and Leah relaxed.
Before long her aunt arrived, shooting her incriminating looks although she said nothing. She was followed by Susanna, Sam’s father, and her own. Sam’s father was perhaps a little shorter than his son, but nearly twice as wide, with shoulders that seemed to strain unnaturally against his shirt coat. Leah shifted her gaze so as not to be caught staring but met her own father’s eyes and regretted it.
The talk was courteous and uncomfortable, and although no one outright watched her, she felt their attention on the sly. Her or Sam. She met his eyes several times. He gave her an uncomfortable smile before looking away. 
Dinner was served not long after her father was seated, and Leah remembered dolefully that there would be several courses. She had been full to begin with and shuffled the food around and around her plate as more was brought in. Her father noticed with piercing eyes but didn’t remark on it. Her aunt began an interrogation of Baron Cergrew which her father tried to keep in check. Susanna thankfully monopolized Sam, and Leah alternately listened to both conversations. At the end of dinner, Sam was about to offer to escort her to her rooms as they all began clearing out, but Rowan beat him to it. Leah breathed a quiet sigh of relief.  
They were not the first ones out, but the cold muteness of the hallways absorbed the sounds of the rest of the guests as she directed him to her room in her corner of the castle. The dim light from the occasional torch painted his face in dark shadows as they walked along the old walls full of memories of long dead barons.
“It’s too bad Susanna’s not older,” she mused.
Rowan laughed. “She has a hard time finding anybody willing to listen, at least for very long. That alone would be enough to enthrall her. I worry sometimes about her. She takes Mother’s advice too much to heart.”
Leah nodded, eyes fixed on the faded red carpet along the center of the hallway. Lyla was cynical and calculating. Every act was planned, every question. It was all a game—a gamble with high stakes. Despite her shrewdness, she wasn’t quite good at it. Her intentions lurked on her face, like an intimidating man in the corner of a negotiations room--not acknowledged, but definitely not unnoticed. She lacked subtlety, and—to be wholly honest—her brother was the better looking of the two.
“Has your father made any plans for you yet?” she asked as they made their way up the stairs.
“Mother wanted to, but father intervened. He said she was in too much of a rush, and if she wasn’t careful, I’d get stuck with an empty-headed twit like he did.”
Leah fought back a laugh, feeling for the first time an affinity for the uncle she rarely saw. “What did she say to that?”
“Something about him getting the two of them confused, only not so kindly. I think my father likes it when she gets all worked up. He gets her riled up whenever he gets bored,” he paused, “You know something funny though? My aunt tells me they didn’t like each other at all in the beginning. In fact, they really hated each other there for a while. It worked out though. It usually does when you get two good people together.” 
Leah knew what he was working at and felt a prickle of anger. She didn’t say anything. His aunt was a twit...and worse.
“One time they got in an argument about something the king’s advisor had said—I think it was about our trade with Davia—and Mother got so angry when he said she wouldn’t know because she had the brain of a bird as well as the body of one, that she threw our bust of Havid at him,” he reminisced.
“I’m impressed, given she really does have the body of a bird.”
“She missed and took out the drapes instead. Then she was angry about that, blamed him for it ever since.”
Leah couldn’t help but smile despite what he was implying. She knew what she needed to do, and she would do it. She didn’t need anyone to tell her it would work out, or that she would be happy, because that was a lie. So his parents were lucky. Hers weren’t. It was up to chance, and fate did not favor her, that much she knew already.
They came to the base of the stairs that took Leah to her tower at last, but Leah hesitated as he stopped.
“Thanks, Rowan, for everything. You’ve always been so nice. Well not always—but you are now.”
Rowan shrugged and cleared his throat. “Yeah, about some of what I said—”
“It’s fine,” Leah said, cutting him off as some of it drifted back to her. She smiled at him. “I think I was always just jealous. You seemed to be better at everything.”
“Just older.”
“I’m not so sure. Goodnight Rowan.”
“‘Night Leah.”  


Chapter Five

Her father spent the next morning holed up with Sam’s father and Leah managed to slip out unnoticed. She changed in Silas and Ethel’s bedroom, slipping on the rougher shirt and pants that had not been washed for several wears before she sought out Silas. She found him weeding out back, but he stood when he saw her. His knees were stained with wet dirt and a little clump dangled by a root from his worn shirt sleeve as he got to his feet with a groan.
“You’re here early. Wasn’t sure if I should even expect you today. Lucien isn’t supposed to be here for another half hour.”
“Got away. It’s so busy up there that it’s not really so noticeable.” She shouldn’t have. Her father might actually look for her today. Fear clenched her gut, but she pushed it away. She was here now.
Silas grunted and retrieved the practice swords from the shed.
“You can run through some of the basics then while I finish weeding.”
“I can help you,” Leah replied, not especially keen on that idea. 
Lucien was unsurprisingly five minutes late and unusually smug as he strode through the back-door half an hour later.
He met her eyes with his hooded blue ones, a small smile tugging at his mouth. His long black hair was tied back in a ponytail not unlike a horse’s. Sandy always joked that Leah just hated him because his hair was prettier than hers, which Leah contested.
“Sorry I’m late Mr. Beital.”
“Go ahead and get started,” Silas said, handing Lucien the other sword.
He took it, meeting Leah’s eyes again. The glow of spending time with Silas curdled. Leah shifted her grip. She knew what was coming, it was not like anything had changed since the last time, she just wished it could be anyone but Lucien. 
Silas spent most of his time correcting Leah’s mistakes and showing her how to better defend against Lucien. The matches were short enough Silas rarely actually had to interrupt to give feedback. They weren’t far in when Ethel called to Silas from inside the house.
“Go on, I’ll be right back.” 
They did, Lucien striking half-speed and not moving his feet as he stood with one hand cocked on his hip. Leah was forced to initiate but was frustrated despite his deliberate show of laziness. Silas stepped back through the threshold.
“I’m going to run to the market, I’ll just be a minute. Go ahead and keep sparring for a few minutes.” They both nodded in agreement and he ducked back in. Lucien flopped onto the grass and began shredding grass. She nudged him with her foot, feeling her annoyance mount quicker than usual. Lucien was always a git, but normally she was resigned to it. Not today.
“Get up,” she said, the statement coming out a bit ruder than she intended.
“No, Silas isn’t here to help me, and heaven knows you aren’t making me any better.”
“Come on, a drunkard has more vigor than you.”
“Might be a more even match for you too,” he replied with an easy grin.
Leah teased the grass apart with her dull blade. He sighed and rolled to his feet, lifting his sword up. 
“If you had really wanted to insult me, you’d have called me as lazy as a noble.”
Leah couldn’t really argue, except that she doubted if very many people were as lazy or arrogant as Lucien. He should have been noble—he had all the right attributes.
The sun felt hotter than it had a few minutes ago, and her back was damp from perspiration. She felt restless and unsteady, filled with energy, but exhausted from the weeks of tension.
The worn leather gripped her slightly damp palm as she waited to see what mood Lucien was in. When Silas was present, he was more aggressive, but when he was absent, he did the bare minimum. Honestly Leah was surprised he did that even. He proved consistent to this, and she attacked first, an experimental thrust. Lucien blocked sloppily, not even bothering to riposte. She attacked again and again, but Lucien continued to torpidly knock her sword aside. It was difficult to bite her tongue. What was the matter with her today? 
Leah managed a savage hit on his thigh at last—harder than she’d intended because she hadn’t really expected to hit him since she hadn’t in weeks. They stilled, Leah’s sword still up. Unease curled around her gut. She took a step backward. For all of his faults, Lucien didn’t anger easily. He lunged forward, graceful and fast. Leah stumbled back as she blocked, the blows that she wasn’t able to evade sending shudders down her practice sword and arms as she was forced to defend with both hands on the hilt. Apparently she wasn’t the only one quick to anger today. He never rose to the bait. He never truly sparred with her because he didn’t have to. It made her realize again how much stronger he was than her, how much faster. How much better even though he had started so much later.
 Silas wouldn’t be back anytime soon; it was only a matter of time. They locked swords, and Leah’s arms trembled as Lucien pressed against her. As hard as he was pushing, Leah could tell by his curled smirk he was holding back. Leah stared into his cool blue eyes, as expressive as thunderclouds, determined not to show how inferior she felt. How impossible an injury would be to explain to her father. Lucien shoved against the locked swords throwing Leah bodily to the ground before hitting her hard on the thigh with the flat of his sword, the same place she’d hit him but harder. Leah’s sharp intake of air was involuntary, and she grasped her stinging leg reflexively. Lucien’s sword tip flicked up to rest against her chest, slowly digging into her sternum making each successive breath more painful than the last. 
“You’re pitiful. There’s a reason girls aren’t trained in swordplay.”
Leah relaxed her hand from her leg and stared up at him, making her face as expressionless as she could. Lucien smoothed back the strands of hair that had escaped. 
“I feel sorry for whoever is chained to you for the rest of his life,” he said before casting his sword to the side and turning to walk away.
“I pity the person reduced to marry you,” Leah responded in kind, standing up and slicking the sweat from her forehead away and into her hair.
“Why? Because I’m twice as good-looking as you. Or is it because I’m wealthy? Oh no, wait is it because you think I’m hard to be around? Let me enlighten you. You are the only person who doesn’t like me, even your little friend Sandy likes me. I get along with everyone but you, and that’s only because I don’t want to. In case you haven’t realized yet, you are insufferable. You are spoiled, and you have whiled away your life trying to learn something a woman could never be good at instead of learning your place. You don’t know the first thing about handling a household or an estate. I bet it’s because you’re expecting your husband to do it all.” His voice grew louder, but not loud enough Ethel would hear it yet. “You were lucky to be born where you are, you didn’t have to work for it. Your father didn’t have to work for it,” he spat. “And you squander it. You’re no leader, you’re just a fatted pig like the rest of them. Eating off of the livelihood the rest of us make, and for what? So you can come swing around a stick of wood at some retired soldier’s house? You disgust me. You and the rest of them.”
“How hypocritical, I think you’d fit right in.”
“As if you would know coming from where you’re at. When have you ever thought of someone else before you? When is it about more than you and your petty problems? I could make a book out of what you don’t know.”
“Would you use yourself as reference? Turon.”
“Resorting to name-calling now that you’re losing the argument, such poor sportsmanship, or womanship. Tut tut. I shouldn’t have expected any better.”
“You flatter yourself by removing yourself from the label of aristocracy, but you are no better. You know what it’s like not to be rich, but you glory in having turned the tables even though you played no hand in it.”
“You don’t know me,” Lucien hissed, his face inches from hers, breath hot on her cheeks.
He kicked aside his practice sword and left, leaving Leah with a sense of shame. She crouched slowly and gripped the leather-wrapped hilts in her hands. Silas got his prodigy at last, just not her.  
He was right. He was always right. No matter how hard she worked, she would never be good enough. She couldn’t compete with Lucien, with anyone really. No in this, and not in anything else. 
In Ethel’s room, she pulled her dress on quickly to hide the body that limited her. Her goodbye to Ethel was distracted as she made a vague excuse, and she was so lost in thought on her walk back that she almost ran straight into Sam just outside the castle grounds. 
“I just came to look for you, your father told me you went into the city,” he said, startling her out of her stupor. Leah blinked rapidly in shock, trying to shake the thick web of her thoughts.
“Yeah, I just...I just was visiting some friends of mine.” Her throat felt tight, and it was hard to swallow.
“Really, who?” Sam asked curiously, willingly taking her words as truth, or at least going with it.
“An old couple,” Leah said, trying to be as honest as possible. She looked down, ashamed of her face, or her faltering words. He waited a minute, expecting to hear more maybe, and Leah racked her brain for inoffensive details.
“How long have you known them?”  he asked, as the moment stretched out while they stood in the middle of the road.
“Since I was a little girl,” Leah said, her thoughts beginning to break free. “He used to work as head of the guard for my grandfather and took quite a shine to me despite my temperament.”
Rowan smiled as he kicked the dirt. “Are you claiming to have been a difficult child? I have a hard time believing it.” He looked up through the strands of blond hair that fell in front of his eyes.
Leah smiled, breaking eye contact to feign interest in the dirt as well. “Maybe sometimes,” she said.
“Well my parents thought I was until my younger sister came along. Cleared up my good name.”
Leah laughed. “What are they like?” she found herself suddenly intensely curious about his family, about what it was like to have siblings.
“Who? All of them?” Sam asked. She nodded. “Well Mary, my younger sister is not quite a woman yet, but she wants to be. She thinks she is. Keen on being grown up and out in society even though she’s only thirteen. Doesn’t like games because they’re for kids, though she used to play checkers with me all the time. Now I have to play with my mother,” he said, eyes gleaming with humor although his mouth only pulled in a slight smile. “My father’s more like her. Bit stiffer, and more proper, but he softens up sometimes. He just doesn’t want us to get the worst of society. Mamma’s the best though. Never gets angry, always the peacemaker. She’s been sick for years now, not quite herself, and no one can seem to get her sorted out, otherwise I would have brought her here to meet you. You would like her, I think. Well everyone does. She’s kind of hard not to like.”
“Like you then?” Leah asked without really thinking, but realizing it was true. 
She was suddenly and unexpectedly grateful to her father for the choice he had made. It made her almost...doubt his indifference. Was it simply fortuitous he had chosen Sam, or had it been deliberate? She felt a burst of warmth in her chest, some of the dread sloughing off and leaving her feeling freer than she had since returning from the capital.
Sam laughed awkwardly and blushed. “Maybe, were you heading back?” he said, gesturing back to the castle. Leah nodded, feeling her own cheeks heat at unintentionally having complimented him, and they began walking back together.
~     ~     ~
She woke up later than usual the next morning after having stayed up late playing cards with Sandy, Rowan, and Sam at the kitchen table, and only when Eloise shook her.
“Your father wants to speak to you miss Reich.”
She lifted her head and looked at her with bleary eyes, before she sat up, trying to shake the grogginess of a late night and early morning. “Did he say why?”
“No, but he looked tense, well he always looks tense,” she said with a small smile as she started on her morning chores in Leah’s bedroom.
Leah quickly dressed, pulling an old dress over her head and shifting it into place. Was it about the engagement? It must be. Her stomach tittered nervously.
The staircase to her room was never very bright, but it seemed unusually dark as she descended, keeping a hand on the uneven surface of the stones as she went down. Her feet led her to her father’s secondary study, a place she hadn’t been in several years—since he had brought her in to review some of what she’d learned with Miss Wevir. Leah remembered how she’d sweated through that experience. After some trepidation, she rapped her knuckles lightly against the darkly stained wood.
“Come in.”
Leah grasped the door handle and opened it, slipping quietly inside. Her father sat at the desk, and he did indeed look tense. His shoulders were unusually stiff and face tight with what she recognized as cool anger. Leah felt a prickle of apprehension shiver down her back as she stepped hesitantly forward.
“You wanted to see me?” she asked tentatively.
Her father shifted the papers on his desk, mouth tightening. The moment seemed to stretch out and another shiver shuddered through her. He looked up at her, his eyes sharp and angry enough to cut.
“How long has this been going on?” he asked. Leah’s heart seemed to stop.
“What?” 
“Don’t act stupid now!” The unexpected volume startled her, and she dimly felt her hands shaking from where they were clasped in front of her. She clasped them tighter to still them. He shook a stiff piece of paper with dark scrawling letters on it. “I know you haven’t been going to your lessons for years! That you’ve been wasting your time and my money playing around at some old soldier’s house! Pretending to be a swordsman!” It was silent except for his heavy breathing and Leah had the sudden almost irresistible urge to run, get as far away as possible. 
“Get out,” he hissed, and she froze, suddenly unable to run or move at all. “You have fifteen minutes to be off of these grounds, and an hour to get out of the city. I don’t ever want to hear from you or see you again.”
“Who told you?” Leah asked quietly without thinking, her whole body stilling.
“It doesn’t matter!” he screamed, a sound she’d never heard before. “Get out!”
The paper had flown from his hand as he’d flung his arm at the door, and Leah heard things shoved off his desk as she fled.
The hallways blended together as she ran, as muddled as her thoughts. Details seemed to escape her like the ever-evasive butterflies she tried to catch as a child, flitting beyond her reach and not settling into comprehension. 
But then they did. She stopped, realizing she was going nowhere but away and stared at the dark grey stone of the castle in shock. She was...disowned.  She was disowned. But she had Silas and Ethel...but she was supposed to be out of the city in an hour. Not that she couldn’t hide there. Everyone knew her though, and a life...a life of what? Hiding in their house until they died? Twenty years at most, doing nothing but help Ethel bake bread. That was no life. But she didn’t have a life anymore. She had no plan, nowhere to go, and no help. And fifteen minutes. Leah started walking the other direction, keeping a smart pace but not quite running. She passed Rowan who gave her a curious look, but Leah just shrugged. He would know, her father would tell him. Tell him what? That she had...that she was a fraud. But she’d always been. If she could have gone back, if she’d done it differently...but no. It was always going to end this way. It had only been delayed.
She began to run as she neared her room since no one else should be near except maybe Eloise, but when she threw open the door, it was empty, bed neatly made and nightclothes taken care of. It was doubtful Eloise would ever have to make it again because it was too inconvenient for a guest room. She’d moved here without even telling her father, though she was sure he knew. It was still cold, the grey stones waiting for the morning sun to break the line of trees and warm them.
Leah shook her head, trying to think. What did she need? What should she take? Clothes obviously, but which ones? And food. Leah began pulling out her practice clothes and laying them out on the bed. She threw a couple of dresses on top as well and realized her hands were still unsteady. She gripped the end of her bed for a moment, staring unseeingly at what would soon become her only possessions as she willed the nausea away. It would be all right. It would be all right. No, it wouldn’t, but she had to keep moving.
She stared at them until her focus came back to them. Dresses or pants, which would she need? She was a fool, dresses. Her daydreams had been only that. Dreams, far removed from reality. Leah skimmed over the room with her eyes, looking for anything else she might need. Her gaze caught the rough metal rose Silas had made for her lying on the windowsill. Leah picked it up, fingering the cool, twisted stem. What would Silas think? He would feel so guilty. Leah set the rose back down. She didn’t need it. She needed a bag. Bag, bag, she didn’t have any bags, and didn’t know where they were kept. Her aunt would have one. Leah frowned. She was closest. Leah quickly descended the stairs and ran down the hallway to her aunt’s room. She would say no, Leah knew it. Why would she say yes? 
Her aunt was prompt to answer the door, although Leah didn’t give her time to say anything.
“Aunt Lyla, I need one of your bags, just a plain one.”
“What do you need one of my bags for? Don’t you have your own?”
“Please, my father can explain it to you later. I just need to borrow a bag.”
He surely would explain it later, and not favorably. Her aunt huffed and disappeared to get one. She took at least thirty seconds and Leah found it nearly impossible to stand still and wait.
“Here,” her aunt said at last, handing a particularly ugly flower-print bag over as she came back to the door. “Why can’t you tell me later? Where are you going?”
Leah didn’t reply but took off back towards her room, bag swinging wildly in her hand. And then she was flying, disoriented bits of walls and portraits trailing through her vision before she skidded on the too-thin carpet, her shoulder taking the brunt of it. She groaned heavily and heard similar noises. It was Sam, he was rubbing his elbow as he got to his feet, a second behind her she realized as it registered she was already looking down at him.
“Sorry, I’m so sorry,” she gasped.
“No, I’m—” Leah was already running again though, keen to avoid any more questions. She was such a fool. He’d learn later. He’d learn why she was frantically running around the castle like a boffola with a stolen flowered bag.
When she got up to her room, she quickly realized not everything would fit in the bag, so she changed into pants and a shirt and stuffed two dresses and another pair of pants and shirt in. This left space for the food she hoped to steal from the kitchen. Leah cast one last glance around her small room as she stood in the middle. Most of her possessions still sat on shelves and desks, and her wardrobe didn’t look like hardly anything was missing. Leah fought down the surging emotions, eyes burning. She turned and rested her hand on the door handle. The curtains around her bed shifted slightly in a draft and the newly breaking morning sun colored her room in golden hues. She needed to go; it was just a room.
The door didn’t resist as she opened and exited for the last time. She started down the stairs quickly, trying to outdistance the emotions. She was so wrapped up that she nearly ran into a figure as she rounded the last corner of the stairs onto the hallway. It was Sam again. Leah blinked in surprise before moving to step past him, too wrapped up to try and excuse herself, or patch up what should be patched up, but he caught her elbow.
“What’s going on? Where are you going?”
Leah stared at his long fingers wrapped loosely around her upper arm, not quite able to bring herself to look into his face. “Please, let me go.” 
A moment passed, and Leah felt herself come together a little bit. She looked up into his concerned expression, letting go of the unexpected feelings of regret and lost possibilities.
“Please, later,” she amended.
His gaze relaxed slightly, and his fingers slipped from her arm. His determination seemed to wilt into chagrin, but Leah didn’t pause to say anything else.
“I’ll see you later then,” he called as she left him behind.
“Yeah,” Leah managed through a thick throat.
The stairs to the kitchen were unusually quiet and Leah got a sinking feeling.
“Sandy?” she called as she entered the kitchen.
“She’s not here,” said Arnold as he fiddled with his mustache. “What do you need?”
“Nothing.” She’d just get it from Silas’s. “Thanks anyway,” she said as she remounted the stairs before realizing she had nothing else to do here. No one else to hold her here. She stared at the shadowy wall that helped to support the stairs to the second level.
Her father’s voice echoed down the hall, startling her. He was speaking with someone else. Leah strained her ears and caught hold of the faint whine of Sam’s father’s voice. She grimaced. 
His secondary study was upstairs. It was empty. Indecision and caution gripped her briefly before Leah took the stairs two at a time, the bag thumping against her side as she did so. She would find whoever wrote that letter. Did Miss Wevir tell her father? Why would she, after all this time? Leah slowed as she reached her father’s office, hesitating for a split second. He would be so angry. But at this point, she had little to lose. Except for a clean file with the justice. At this point, maybe that wouldn’t be so bad. In prison they would feed her anyways, until they cut off a thumb and threw her back onto the street. Leah grasped the door and opened it for the second time that morning. It was just as she left it not ten minutes ago and the smell of ink, paper, and old things seemed richer than it ever had before. Every object was in its rightful place, leaving no evidence of his loss of control earlier. She sat at her father’s desk, shuffling quickly through what was on the surface before tugging drawers open. Was he showing it to Sam’s father? 
The bottom left drawer was heavier than the rest and when she tugged it open she saw why; there was a large purse full of money, the silver coins winking brightly at her from the open mouth of the bag in the dim office lighting. Leah stared at them. She knew this wasn’t generally where they kept the treasury. It could be for his day to day dealings, but if so, there would probably be other kinds of change in it and there wasn’t. It was probably her dowry. 
The coins seemed to wink even brighter, justifying themselves. She hesitated, staring at the unexpected find. She couldn’t steal. She would get caught. But how far would she get with the clothes on her back and what food she could pack in her bag? 
She always got caught. 
She studied the slope of her right thumb; she couldn’t afford to lose it. Leah willed her mind to focus, to weigh the odds. She would be hungry in days without it. Where would she go? What would she turn to? She had nothing. Her father’s words echoed back to her. Unskilled, unreasonable, and a woman. She just wouldn’t get caught then.
Leah hefted the sack into her bag and slammed the drawer shut with surprising finality. That was it. Disowned and a criminal. Best not to do anything by halves. She hurried out of her father’s study and through the less used corridors of the castle. She wouldn’t get caught this time. 
Once out of the castle Leah did her best to sling the awkward bag over her shoulder and jogged into the city. She worried running would make her look guiltier. Please don’t notice, please don’t notice. 
She was breathless by the time she knocked on their door, shifting her feet as she waited. Was the punishment for stealing really a thumb? She couldn’t remember. Leah knew in Davia they severed the tendons of the dominant hand of the thief. She cringed. No answer. She knocked again. Still no answer.
Leah opened the door and stole inside the house dark except for the light coming in through the windows. Shafts of it fell across the table and counter where bread sat cooling, filling the house with a rich aroma.
“Ethel?” she called. Tears pricked her eyes, but she pushed the emotions back. She hadn’t been able to say goodbye to anyone. The loaves felt cool to her hands, so she picked two and gently placed them in the cocoon of her clothes. Her footsteps echoed loudly as she walked down the hallway to their bedroom. A desk rested up against the wall facing the street with several pieces of paper and pens neatly placed. Leah brushed aside several letters before she found a blank piece of paper and began to write. The words wouldn’t come right, but she wrote them anyway. She didn’t have time and they ought to know.

Dear Silas and Ethel,
I’ve been disowned. I’ll write. It’s not so bad as it sounds. 

Leah swallowed at the lump in her throat. It was worse. What would she do? Where would she go?

Best of love,
Leah

Leah hurried back to the main room and towards the door. She hesitated again, looking around the small space but not really seeing it. She furrowed her brow before entering the backyard and then the dingy shed. That first day came floating back to her, the dust motes swimming in the air, the bright sunlight leaking through. It was dim now, either from the time of day or a cloud blocking the sun. Near the bottom of the rows of dull grey weapons, her lightweight sword sat in its sheath, a gift from Silas she’d never used or even expected to. Leah unhooked it before belting it securely around her waist. As she left, she paused one last time on the threshold of their home, wishing they had been here. Except if they had, Leah didn’t know if she would have been able to leave. 
She would be back, whatever her father said. 
The streets were crowded, and it took Leah longer than usual to reach the outer exit of the city. As she made to leave, she was stopped by one of the two guards posted there, a large man in need of a shave.
“Aren’t you the baron’s daughter?” he asked looking over her clothing with outright offense. She had been stupid to wear this; it drew too much attention. The other guard was maybe ten years older than the one that had spoken, with dark bags under his eyes and a weary expression.
“I am,” she said.
“What’re you doing?”
“I’m leaving.”
Anger clouded over his expression. “I don’t think so.”
“Then you will face the wrath of my father as he ordered me out of this city within the hour. I’ve been disowned.”
His nostrils flared and he gripped Leah’s shirt front as she tried to pass through. Leah instinctively tried to shake him off at the inappropriateness of it, before she remembered herself. If they took her back to confirm her story, she could be caught. Her cheeks burned at the thought of appearing before her father as she was, in men’s clothing, with a sword, and with enough stolen money to land a thief in a noose. She swallowed as she realized just how much she’d stolen for what she now was—a common citizen. She would hang if she was caught, despite that she was a woman. None of this thumb business even.
“I’m thinking that this isn’t yours,” he growled, one hand dropping to the hilt at her waist, and she felt the knuckles of his fingers through the thin fabric of her shirt. “But I won’t mention it to your father if you give it here.”
“Jory, let her go. She’s hardly a danger. She’s just a girl,” the other guard said, reminding her that there were two. “Besides she’ll be traveling alone, better a fighting chance against thieves and that ilk than nothing.”
“It’s not hers. She clearly stole it!” the other guard exclaimed incredulously.
The second raised his eyebrows.
“That’s no business of ours. So what if she stole it? Let the baron suffer. Head along now,” he said to Leah indicating with his head to the road.
“Thank you, sir,” Leah said hurrying away before he could change his mind, or the other man—Jory—could intervene. Jory’s voice rose behind her, arguing angrily until rank was pulled.
Leah walked until the road turned and she couldn’t see Twilfur anymore before she began to jog a little more.  How long should she keep to the road? She would get caught if she stayed on it, but she would probably get lost if she didn’t. How soon before her father noticed what was missing? What did she risk? Getting lost and dying, or getting caught and hanging? Death was death she supposed.
Fear kept her running, and her nerves grew tighter and tighter as she strained her ears for the distant sound of galloping horses or dogs howling. Every time she heard or spotted a passerby coming from behind, she veered into the trees until she was certain they weren’t guards. 
Jogging was uncomfortable since the bag bounced so much. It seemed to get heavier and heavier the further she went. Eventually, she started alternating between jogging and walking and then just walking. It was hot despite the cloudy sky and she was slick with sweat, even her bare forearms. Her thirst soon became overpowering and she cursed herself for bringing nothing to carry water in even if she did come across any. 
Who could have sent that letter? Miss Wevir—unlikely after all these years. It wasn’t Sandy, Silas, or Ethel. Lucien was the most likely candidate. He hated her, but why tell now instead of years ago? Just because of yesterday? It had been bad. He didn’t usually get angry like that. It could have been someone she didn’t know that had discovered she supposed. One of Silas’s neighbors, or someone. But Leah couldn’t shake the feeling that it had been Lucien. That yesterday’s argument went farther than their usual animosity. She cursed herself. To have gone so far and been thwarted by Lucien of all people.
The sun was starting to dip into the tree line when Leah came across running water at last. She set the bag down near the rickety bridge and crouched on the rocky shore before cupping the water in her hands to drink. It tasted strange to her mouth, almost harsher than it should. Leah drank as much as she could before standing, her stomach distended and uncomfortable.
In the distance, her ears suddenly picked up the baying of dogs, faint and just audible over the gurgle of the water. Time seemed to still, silent except for those two sounds filling her ears.
 Not nearly enough time. Leah grabbed her bag and shouldered it again, about to take off when she remembered something Silas had told her. Instead of going to the bridge she began wading, kicking up water in her haste. The current was stronger than she had anticipated, catching her unexpectedly as she stepped on a slick rock. Leah went completely under and rose gasping, clawing for the edge. She had never been in anything deeper or faster moving than her bathwater. She coughed from water she’d swallowed in sheer surprise and stared in shock at the rocks and mud right before her face for a split second before she stumbled back to her feet slinging water everywhere. Her bread! Leah was about to take it out and look at the damage when she heard the dogs again. Think fool think! Swallowing her trepidation she plunged deeper and began to wade upstream. 
Leah didn’t even know where the nearest town was, and she certainly didn’t know inedible plants from edible ones. Even if she did avoid whoever her father sent, she would probably just starve anyways. 
The water was up to her mid thighs and moved fast enough to provide considerable force against her as she forged onward, hoping against reason that they went the other way first, or continued on the road.
She should have gone downstream; she would have made better time. The dogs seemed to get louder as she tried in vain to go faster. If they sent even anyone this way, they would catch her before long as they would make much better time. Leah let out a gasp as she stumbled against the current, almost going under again, but catching herself on one knee, the water surging around her and splashing into her face. With difficulty, she pushed herself back to her feet with her hands and arms in the icy water. 
Leah’s legs felt leaden as she fought the fast-moving water once more, the rocks shifting under her feet, and the current trying to pull her under. She clambered over a fallen tree and continued, losing all sense of time. Her nerves ate away at every thought, and it was sometime before she realized that the dogs were getting quieter rather than louder. Maybe she would make it. Maybe she wouldn’t get caught.
Despite how low the sun was she didn’t stop. She could not get enough distance between her and her father. She pressed forward for what seemed like an indefinite amount of time, until the light began to dim completely, and she wasn’t sure she could go much farther.
Her legs felt sodden and weak as she drug them out onto the muddy bank. For a moment she lay on her back, staring up through the leafy foliage overhead just barely distinct against the dim sky.  Even if she did make it to the next town her father would probably send a warning ahead. She would be infamous for stealing a small fortune after being disowned. Perhaps she should have just hidden in Silas and Ethel’s home. But she couldn’t hide forever. 
She couldn’t run forever either. 
Leah closed her eyes. She would die. By starvation in the woods, by starvation on the streets, by the law—if not at its direct hand, then by consequence of being a wanted criminal. She sat up, head pounding and shifted her bag off of her arm and undid the clasp.
Everything inside was slightly damp so she got up and began hanging clothes as best she could over low hanging branches to dry. The bread was another story. The wet outer edges smeared away in her hand, but she ate them anyway, hungry enough that it actually still tasted palatable. It was not enough to satisfy her stomach, but it seemed to take the edge off of her dull mind and aching body. She ate more than she should have before she set it out to dry as well. By that time the light had faded completely, and Leah was having trouble making out shapes. She flinched at the unfamiliar forest sounds. Images and sounds of her being mauled came to mind, and somehow it seemed almost unbearable after everything else. Leah curled on the soft grass and stared into the darkening woods, her eyes finding shapes in the shadows. Jaberwocky stories conjured themselves up in her mind, and she closed her eyes against the deepening blackness. It was still warm—it was always warm—but Leah felt chilled by her wet clothes and complete solitude as she cradled her head in her hands.
Silas had probably found the note by now. The whole town probably knew. Probably knew that there had been guards and dogs sent out to look for her. What would Silas think of her? She shouldn’t have stolen the money. She shouldn’t have stolen it. She had day-dreamed about doing something like this for so long, but she would never actually have done it; it was too stupid. Leah groped for the bag and pulled it over to rest under her head. She kept her eyes closed until exhaustion overcame her fear and she drifted into nothingness.


Chapter Six

Light was filtering through the leaves when she woke, but she could tell it wasn’t too late in the morning. Her head pulsed as she shifted it to look at the river. They might still find her here. They had to look more directions, but they also had more people. She sat up, stiffening as her back clenched from sleeping on something so hard. After a moment she staggered to her feet and began collecting her clothes and bread. Leah could see that birds had started pecking at it, but fortunately they hadn’t made much headway yet. She began eating off of one loaf as she walked away from the stream wandering to lead the dogs astray if they came this way before doubling back to the water and continuing upstream. It was about an hour before noon when she heard the baying again. Her legs were numb from exhaustion, but somehow she picked up the pace, sloughing through the water like her life depended on it because it did. Not long after she’d first heard the dogs, she caught the distant sound of a waterfall. The terrain was becoming more and more rocky, and as she rounded another bend, she saw thirty-foot falls churning the water ahead of her. Leah hesitated, standing still and listening to the thrum of rushing water that had drowned out the dogs. 
It would be difficult to make it around the falls and back to the stream. Besides, it would end at some point. She could plunge into the forest, pass them, and then follow the stream back towards the road, their trail covering her own, or she could venture into the forest. Leah stared into the mass of trees. There was probably a lot of people along the banks, she would be running a pretty big risk. Noose or starvation?
After several long draughts of water, Leah waded out of the stream and began to jog through the trees, pants slapping her ankles and shedding water. Her legs burned from the previous day, and after a while she began alternating again with walking, the flowered bag becoming more cumbersome with every way she tried to hold it. An hour passed and her thirst returned, not strong yet, but raw with her heavy breathing. She had not heard the dogs since the waterfall and she jogged less and less, her thirst fading as she did so. When she judged it to be lunchtime, she ate a little more bread, the taste and texture enough to help her be conservative. It made her thirstier, but it faded again after several minutes. As afternoon wore on, she angled towards where she thought the road was, hoping to walk alongside it in the trees until she reached Lowrans. A town where if she paid with anything silver she would probably be taken to the justice.
The sun began its downward descent in the sky, but she saw no sign of road, civilization, or water. She craved for anything but bread, but in the end, she was so hungry she ate it anyway as she walked that evening, watching the sun disappear into the trees. 
Leah was so thirsty she had trouble falling asleep that night but waking up was even worse. Her throat felt parched and sore and it was difficult to summon any spit at all. What did come was thick and did little to whet her mouth. She thought of little else as the hours passed and still no road came into view. Soon her desire to find a stream surpassed that of a road. She hoped fervently it would rain as her thoughts grew more and more circular. She was too tired and thirsty to truly be afraid, but she did not want to die. Not like this anyways. Lost trying to steal her father’s money in the middle of the wilderness where her corpse would rot in the heat of the day unless some scavengers found it. 
Only the thought of water kept her walking into the heat of the afternoon. She should have hidden at Silas and Ethel’s. At least she would have lived—if she had never taken the money at any rate. She would be in much better shape right now if she hadn’t have taken it. She wouldn’t be wandering trying to find…. a city. What city? Leah was suddenly having trouble remembering which one. The ground blurred under her sluggish feet, and Leah blinked hazily.
 Suddenly her foot caught on a rock and she landed jarringly on hands and knees, the muddy ground still moving for several moments before it stilled in front of her face. She could feel it making its way through the thin knees of her pants, the moisture of the recent rains teasing her. The hair not restrained in a half ponytail hung on both sides, shielding her view of the forest on either side. Leah stared uncomprehendingly until she realized that the ground was wetter than it had been. Leah touched her face with muddy fingers and began to weep in earnest as she tried to stop herself. She couldn’t afford to cry, but she had never cried harder in her life, the sobs wracking her dry throat and catching painfully. She would die here in the middle of nowhere. Silas and Ethel would never know what happened to her. It didn’t matter that she had never been caught. She gripped the muddy grass in between her fingers and ground her forehead into the wet earth, the coolness of the blades and mud almost like a stroke of comfort. She would die here. Here in this grass not quite wet enough to lick. This was how it ended. No dogs, no noose, no jaberwocky. Not even starvation. Just thirst. The minutes passed like a dream until her senses slowly seeped back to her.
Blearily she stumbled to her feet, her joints stiff. She staggered for the first few steps before her gait began to become somewhat normal. Time seemed to lose all meaning and she was only distantly aware of the sun beginning to sink again. If she laid down she wasn’t sure she would get back up again. She didn’t even try to eat dinner. Without water there wasn’t much point. 
The next day was much the same, only hazier. She fought the temptation to rest against trees or just lie down in the shade. If she stopped moving, that might be it. She was nearly incoherent to time but realized that the heat of the day was beginning to wane with the sun. How many days could she live without water? Would she make it another day?
Her feet seemed to be the only real thing to her, and she watched their tired gait in the blur of undergrowth. She scratched her forehead and some of the dust that was causing the itch shed down in front of her eyes. She brushed more of it away, trying to get as much off as she could. She was so distracted and numb to her surroundings she almost didn’t notice that they had changed. Leah stopped stock still in surprise when she realized there was fruit hanging around her. Apples. She reached a tentative hand to the green fruit and felt the smooth tautness of the unripe fruit beneath the dried muddy film on her fingers. Apples...Leah smiled and grasped one, tugging it free. It had several blemishes that pocked its surface in irregular patterns. She looked up again at the leafy limbs in dazed awe. Where was she? Leah looked back to the small apple and bit into it, sucking hard on the sour fruit. It only made her thirstier as she ate it and she immediately reached for another. 
“Couldn’t leave them alone, could you? Didn’t even bother to figure out whose they were.” 
Leah spasmed at the unexpected voice and turned sharply to see a tall, bent woman that looked like she had just crawled out of the grave. In was unclear what the original shape or color of her clothes had been, and her hair was so matted it hung in thick ropes off of her head. Her eyes were a clear, piercing blue under heavy lids.
“S-sorry,” Leah stammered, reeling from the abrupt change in circumstances and expectations. “I was lost, I wasn’t thinking.”
“That is obvious. Would you like me to show you to the main road?” 
She could have kissed this woman.
“That would be much appreciated.”
The woman’s eyebrows arched as her eyes flicked to Leah’s side. She realized that the sword was still belted there. For a moment, Leah seemed to see them from another pair of eyes. One old woman dressed like she’d been sleeping in the street gutters for several years, and one young woman dressed like a young server boy with aspirations to be innkeeper, dried mud stiffening the knees of her pants.
Her eyebrows descended again, lessening their sharpness. “Join me for dinner beforehand won’t you?”
Leah shifted, suddenly apprehensive. The situation was strange enough. She was desperate enough to accept nearly anything, certainly water, but she hesitated still.
“I’d...I’d really best be on my way, but I thank you for the offer.”
A growling noise issued from the woman’s throat and Leah’s hand moved to the hilt of her sword.
“Don’t be stupid, I could deal with you easily—without so much as a stomachache. Let us do this politely. Come and eat with me.”
Leah took in the matted hair, filthy bare ankles, and didn’t miss the look in the woman’s eyes. “By all means then, lead the way,” she said, gesturing with the hand that had been on the hilt. Leah could take off, but she didn’t fancy getting lost again. She wasn’t even sure she could run at this point. Surely poisoning would be quicker at least.
The woman smiled, but it stretched her face in a way it seemed unaccustomed to. She turned and walked somewhat unsteadily underneath the bows. Leah followed, tearing her hair loose when it snagged on a gnarled branch. She realized at this point she probably bore some resemblance to Stella in appearance. She certainly felt as if she had just crawled from the grave.
A small, but well-kept cottage came into view with a straw roof and windows that were surely as old as the woman. They were much thicker at the bottom, evidence of their age, and difficult to see through because of the warps in the glass. Leah was surprised to note that they were moderately clean. Cleaner than the windows had been at the castle anyways, something she would not have expected from this creature.
The elderly woman pushed the uneven batten door inwards and bent to unlace whatever shoes she was wearing. Leah waited until she had stood up and followed suit. A ripe odor met her nose as she crouched down to slide her shoes off and she recoiled, disbelieving that her feet could smell that bad before she’d even taken them off. As she removed her shoes however, the smell didn’t intensify, but was mingled with a new, lesser stench. She found the source of offense: a decrepit set of black laced shoes whose soles were nearly worn all the way through. She quickly stood, and the overpowering quality of the smell abated, though not completely. It seemed to have burned its memory into her nostrils. 
Her surroundings were warmer and cleaner than she had expected. The floors were a light, smooth wood, the kitchen had cabinets a honey-colored wood, and the fireplace was made of bright stones. It felt...so little like the woman that owned it. Perhaps a recent acquisition, and judging by her earlier threats, not gained by monetary means.
She had yet to decide the nature of the woman’s threat. Magic was far from common in any of the countries of Melia, but there was a handful every generation that could use it, or a few generations ago by the looks of her. At any rate, Leah wasn’t about to bet her life that this woman did not in fact possess magical capacity, or even that she didn’t and was exceptionally good for a woman of her age at assaulting unsuspecting—and suspecting—victims.  
“Take your shoes off,” the woman ordered unnecessarily. Leah bent again, pretending to untie the shoes she’d already removed. “You’ll get mud on my floors. Come to think of it, you’ll probably shed leaves and twigs wherever you go, so try not to move more than necessary.”
Leah caught a flash of back through a tear in the woman’s...garb. It wasn’t quite the smudged brown of her face, but it wasn’t white either. It was a grubby sort of grey, like a wall that had been white three decades ago but had long since lost its original color.
The woman clanged around in the kitchen and came up with two mismatched, blue and white bowls which she filled from a pot on the fire. Leah had taken a seat at the tiny table by the time the woman brought over what appeared to be stew. Leah eyed it warily, but if the woman had intended to poison her, she had done it very slyly because Leah had not seen her put anything extra in either bowl. The portion was very small, and she felt an inexplicable rush of gratitude for this woman to split her meal. The old woman set several clay cups onto the table with a loud clatter and poured water from a pitcher into them, slopping some onto the table as she did so. Leah leaned over, looking into the cloudy water.
“It’s well water, some minerals and the like, but it won’t getcha too bad,” the woman said, sitting down and throwing back the battered sleeves of her black robe. Her arms were stick thin, and dried and wrinkled like old jerky. “Worst you might get are the runs, a pain when you’re traveling to be sure.”
Leah looked at her water again, but thirst drowned out any remaining doubts. It was the best thing she had ever tasted. The woman poured her another glass, her arm shaking a little.
“Thank you, my name is Leah by the way.”
The lady grunted and a matt of unkempt hair fell into her face, which she quickly brushed away with gnarled fingers as she set the pitcher back down. Leah drank all of the next glass and poured herself another. The woman had a faint unwashed odor about her that seemed to permeate the distance between them. She did not at least smell like a corpse though.
“Stella.”
Leah began to eat only after Stella had taken the first bite, busying herself with drinking several more cups of water. The meat was tough and gamey, and she had a feeling it wasn’t chicken. Or even deer for that matter. Irregular sized black flecks that almost looked like pepper were dispersed throughout. 
“Thank you again for inviting me into your home, and for the water.” Stella didn’t look up or give any indication that she had heard Leah and she felt the awkwardness of burdening this woman. “How long have you lived here?”
Stella met her eyes at last with icy blue ones, pausing in the act of lifting her spoon to her mouth. Her brows were strangely sparse, as if they’d been singed off and never really come back the same, the skin forming more of the shape than the hair.
“Sorry,” Leah muttered and resolved to silence for the rest of the meal. It was brief, and she sat back for a moment while she considered if she should attempt to speak again.
“Well, I guess I better get out of your hair.” She moved to stand, but Stella thrust her back into her seat with surprising force across the narrow expanse of the table.
“Don’t be foolish. Night has almost fallen.” She removed her hand from Leah’s shoulder, and continued to over chew a piece of fatty meat—probably the only fat whatever they were eating had had on its entire body. “How did you become lost?” Stella asked, voice low and quiet. Leah glanced out the window at the sunlight beating through.
“I was on my way to the next city and I left the road and never found my way back.”
“What city were you going to?”
Leah hesitated for a moment, trying to remember what she had been unable to before. She felt better, but still slow and dull. “Lowrans.” 
“Why did you leave the road?”
She turned the rough wooden spoon over in her hand to break away from the chilling gaze.
“I was being pursued.
“And why was that?”
Leah paused again, evaluating how to respond. “I suppose you could say I borrowed something, a few things, that weren’t mine.”
“What did you steal?”
Leah hesitated. She could hardly admit to stealing enough money to buy this cottage several times over. “Just money.”
“Fine, as you were. Tomorrow I shall direct you to the road and you shall be on your way to...where did you say you were going? Ah, Lowrans.” Leah looked up when she did not continue. The skin of her brows overshadowed the glittering eyes still fixed on Leah. “However, I have a way of...solving people’s problems. I think you will find that I can be much more useful than merely directing you to the road.”
“What do you mean?” Leah asked, her stomach curling. 
“I meant what I said. I can solve your problem, whatever it is. That is my…. specialty. Problem children.”
Leah stared at her, thinking—thinking mostly about how to best extricate herself from this.  
“So, what is your problem?”
“I’m not really sure,” Leah replied honestly. “It’s kind of hard to pin down just one at the moment.”
“Some background might be useful.”
“Do you have magical capacities?”
“Don’t we all?”
Leah frowned, but took it for a yes. She tapped her fingers on her knees for several moments. 
“Well, I caused my father a lot of grief. The last straw was probably him finding out about me skipping lessons and learning swordplay instead. I stole a large sum of money from him after he disowned me, so now he is trying to track me down.”
Stella seemed to contemplate this with a mildly impressed air. Leah noticed a small bug crawling up one of the matted locks of hair. “So your plan now is to get to Lowrans?”
“Yeah. Probably farther after that.”
“And if you’re lucky, you’ll find menial labor to support yourself? Perhaps you’ll become very lucky indeed and marry a baker.”
Leah thought the overall effect of Stella was rather like sour milk. “Yeah, if I’m lucky.”
“Would you find employment with your ill-gotten skills?”
“No one would take me as a woman.”
“But as a man?” Leah considered it, she had considered it many times before, but running from her father’s home had been too final. There would be no turning back after that, not for her. Now she could attempt it, but she wasn’t the right kind of ugly for that. She was girl-ugly, not girl-could-be-a-man ugly. And it would be ugly when she was discovered because she knew it would only be a matter of time.
“I’m not a man, and I doubt if I could pass for one for long.”
“But if you could?”
The foreboding increased.
“I don’t know, it would be nice to do something...in that realm.”
“Like an assassin?”
“No,” she replied incredulously. “I don’t have the skill for that anyways. Not a soldier either, I don’t want to be a killer.”
“That’s what swords are for.”
“They’re for other things too. Protecting people or bringing lawbreakers to justice.”
“Like yourself?”
“I suppose so.”
“Sometimes people have good reasons to break the law. If a hungry man steals food, you will be asked to help punish him for his crime. If a prostitute leaves her section of the city you will be sent to bring her to the ruling nobles for punishment. You will encounter desperate circumstances if you go somewhere like the city guard at the capital.”
“Prostitutes are confined to certain areas?” Leah asked curiously.
Stella smirked. “Prostitution isn’t even legal, it just isn’t very often punished, unless they get underfoot of your kind.”
“Are the palace and city guard one in the capital?”
“Yes, everything is operated from the palace and different guards are assigned different stations within the palace or the city. I mention the capital, because it has the biggest guard system in Sowik, so you are more likely to end up there than as someone’s personal guard.”
“I’m not likely to end up in either place, palace jail maybe.”
“You weren’t likely to before, but you met me. Now you’re very likely to end up somewhere interesting. I have that effect on people. You could call that magical.”
“So, what are you thinking then?”
“Well it depends.”
“On what?”
“Whether you want to be a baker’s wife or a guard.”
Being a city guard didn’t sound especially exciting to Leah, perhaps a personal guard, but Stella hadn’t thought that very likely. Or she could be like Ethel. That wasn’t so bad really. If she had someone like Silas. So what? She’d just travel to Lowrans, and…. keep traveling because her father would pursue her. And she’d look for work when she got somewhere far away. Hopefully someone would need her help. She had enough money to last quite a while. Long enough to travel and look for work. She could end up like Sandy if she was lucky. After the prospect of probable death several hours ago it didn’t seem so bad. Even so…
“Well, how would you make me into a guard?”
“Well, I could make you male if that would solve your problems.”
“What?”
Stella leaned across the table, resting her forearms on the wood and said painfully slowly “I can make you a man.”
“But I’m a girl, I can’t just be a... a man.”
“You’ve been acting like one. And let me just say you can. I have that power.”
“Just because I act like one does not mean I should become one. And just because you can doesn’t mean you should.” 
For so much of her life, Leah had keenly felt the injustice of her situation, and the things forbidden to her because she was a girl, but she found that she balked at the thought of changing that. She didn’t really want to change. She wished she could change the world instead of changing herself.
“I think I should do whatever solves people’s problems.”
“I don’t know if I’d call that solving problems.”
“How is it not? The recipient is able to obtain their aspirations, and society doesn’t know it’s been duped. Everyone is satisfied. Perhaps it was fate that you ran into me. Perhaps you were always meant to be a man.” Stella smiled a closed lipped smile. “However, if that idea is so repellant to you, there are other options. I can create something else, a shell of sorts. Not quite as permanent.”
“A shell? So I could be a snail and go into the guard,” Leah said dryly.
She was unprepared for the sharp rap of Stella’s spoon. “Ow!” she yelped as she massaged her stinging scalp, fingers sliding from the soup residue. Disgusting. 
“You goat head. You surely were meant to be a man.”
“I was only joking.”
“I have half a mind to throw you out right now. Anyone of that level of intelligence shouldn’t be able to wield a club, much less a sword.”
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Leah repeated, holding up her hands for peace. “So how does it really work, or look like?”
Stella snorted angrily, and flecks of snot dotted her table before she wiped them clean with her forearm. Leah stared at the newly polished surface.
“I’m not really sure. I used to just alter the body itself, but if you want to return to your former state, it’s a little tricky to get it back exactly how it was. And if you grew or matured heaven help you because I’m no seer.”
Leah was not even sure why she was entertaining thoughts of the possibilities of this avenue. If ever there had been a bad idea, it was this one.
“So you wouldn’t alter the body itself then?”
“Oh yes, the shell. No, I create a layer over your actual self. It is not as...substantial as you are. Not quite sure that’s it,” she muttered. “Your shell is...well it’s not as corporeal. It will feel like it is, it won’t feel any less human than you do now, but it’s really just magic in its essence, it won’t last the way your body does. Eventually it will deteriorate. And if someone knew to test it, they would realize that you were a facade.”
“Okay, but I’ll basically still be male though.”
Stella gave her a dirty look. Then she shrugged and lifted her bowl to drink the broth. After she was finished she wiped her mouth with her forearm and fixed Leah with an apathetic stare. “First you tell me you can’t be a woman and be a guard, and then you tell me you won’t be man and be a guard. Perhaps we are at an impasse. If you want to be a guard, you will have to be one or the other. There isn’t a third option.”
“Isn’t there? Could you just change the biggest giveaways, but not all of me. Make me masculine enough that no one will doubt, but...leave me essentially still female.”
Stella frowned.
“Can you do it?”
“Of course I can do it. But just because I can doesn’t mean I should. You’ll be getting the short end of the stick on both sides.” She stared at Leah for a minute, evaluating her. “Taller? broader, not too much broader though, because it’s trickier for the shell to maintain your previous center of gravity. The more it has to compensate for, the shorter the lifespan of it. Not something I thought of in the beginning mind you. Thought they’d just adjust. Not fast enough for some, especially coming back.” She squinted at Leah. “You remind me a lot of my first one, not too bright either. 
“Anyways, I’m not really sure about all the nuances but you’ll figure them out as you go. I can’t change that you’ll hit your head on door frames because you’re taller than you remember, but I can stop you from losing the coordination you might normally after growing four inches. I don’t know how to make you stronger or faster without making you wholly male, so you’ll have to make it work as you are—unless you’re up for a gamble?” she said, a smile spreading across her face.
“Uh, no,” Leah said reflexively.
“The shell will last…. five years, maybe. As long as the changes aren’t too extreme. Might last up to seven, but it’d be real...dicey near the end. The first to go would probably be your height or the magic compensating for the changes in your body. But it would happen gradually. So it wouldn’t feel like you’d shrunk four inches and lost fifty pounds overnight, but rather over a week.” So still very disorienting. No one shrunk four inches in a week. Then again, no one did any of this. 
“Do you want me to make it so your hair and toenails still grow with your actual body because then you’d have to cut your toenails from time to time in the middle of the night.”
“The middle of the night?”
“Every night, for an hour you will revert. The rest period extends the life of the shell by up to a year. So can you manage to clip your toenails or not?”
“Are there any negative consequences to not?”
A speculative expression passed over Stella’s face.
“No.”
Leah raised her eyebrows. “Okay, probably not then.” This was all just theoretical of course. There was no way she was going through with this.
“Excellent. So what I’m going to do is change your facial features slightly so anyone who knew you before would not suspect anything. Your shell will have the upper torso of a scrawny man—that way you won’t have to adjust to too much, and you’ll be a little taller, but other than that, the shell will be basically a woman. Will that suffice? I anticipate you getting a lot of whippings considering your past behavior, but it is doubtful you’ll ever be stripped naked. In the event you are though, I suspect they’ll be so confused you could probably make a good get away. Or you could claim to have been castrated.”
Leah wasn’t sure how to disentangle herself from this. She couldn’t do it. “I don’t—”  
“And a lower voice, forgot that bit. I’ll get started on it. Wait, did you say whether you wanted your toenails to grow?”
“Yes. I mean yes, I said, but no, I don’t want them to grow. But wait. I’m not really sure about all of this. Besides, what do you expect in return? If you really do have these...skills, I’m sure there’s much more lucrative work you could be engaged in.”
Stella’s expression immediately grew dark. “I don’t work for anybody. And I don’t need payment.” The expression cleared as quickly as it had come, replaced by a look of cold amusement that chilled Leah to the bones. “This is my entertainment. Although I would require a favor.”
“A favor,” Leah repeated quietly.
“It’s not like I’ll ask you to commit regicide or anything. Maybe I’ll never use it. But I want it. I’ll take nothing else. I don’t want your dowry, I don’t need it and you do. You don’t have anything else I want, yet.”
Leah felt a rippling shudder move through her as she studied the old woman’s intense blue eyes, colored almost clear in the fading sunlight.
A smile curled one edge of Stella’s mouth. “Wash the dishes while I get started.”
Leah couldn’t find any soap, so she rinsed the dishes and dried them with a ratty cloth she thought was for that purpose. Stella’s kitchen bore only two cupboards, one short counter, and a fireplace with a large, flaky black pot hanging over it. Apparently that’s where the pepper had come from. 
Outside dusk really was falling, seeming to create a deadline for Leah’s decision. Maybe she should just run right now, wash her hands of this. But she would rather die at Stella’s hands than risk being lost again. She could insist on only directions, she would live that way—so long as she wasn’t caught. She should probably do her best to skirt the nearby towns. Stella’s...offer was full of promise, and forbidden things...and danger. She didn’t know this woman. She didn’t really know what she was going to do to her. She definitely didn’t look trustworthy. Leah wouldn’t trust her with her kitchen scraps let alone her life...yet here she was. Considering it, even as she told herself she wasn’t.
She would just get directions and go.
“Here we are,” Stella said, jarring her out of her stupor as she returned.  In her hand she held a vial full of what looked like water, the contents sloshing around beneath the stopper. Leah stared at it, horrified, a part of her already knowing what was going to happen.
“Beautiful isn’t it? Pure magic is something to behold.”
Leah swallowed, trying to reason away the temptation. “I didn’t know it had a form,” she said hoarsely.
“It doesn’t always, but you can condense it into one. It doesn’t like to obey all the laws of nature, but there are some even it can’t circumvent.”
Leah was not ready to decide. She needed more time. Stella thrust it into her hands, forcing her to take it or drop it. Her hands trembled slightly, and she tightened her grip. She wasn’t going to drink it. She was going to do the sensible thing. She had changed, she was no longer a reckless child.
“Drink it,” Stella commanded, eyes glittering in a dangerous sort of way that warned Leah off. This woman was mad. Condense magic? This was either juice or poison, and more likely the latter. The contents continued to undulate ever so slightly, more than the tremors in her hands warranted. What was she doing here?
Leah unstopped the bottle and lifted it to smell.  A fresh sort of scent, wild and intoxicating in a way that drowned out all her other senses met her nose, though it seemed to go so much deeper, threading its way into the very weaknesses of her soul. 
Leah closed her eyes and tipped her head back as she drank it in large, shuddering gulps. The taste was acrid, and stinging, as far removed from the scent as it could be. Like consequences of forbidden fruit.  It continued to burn her throat long after she had swallowed and kept swallowing.
“Lovely, isn’t it? Some might call it electrifying. A sensation you are sure to become familiar with."
“So, what now?” Leah gasped, throat raw.
“This is your shell, it starts off as you are, and now I will modify it.”
She stared hard at Leah for several seconds before putting her bony hands on Leah’s face. She kept them there for a second, removed them and then repeated the process. The burning had moved down to the center of her chest, and Leah was barely aware of Stella’s hands on her as she waited for the feeling to subside. She shouldn’t have done it. She shouldn’t have done it. She’d promised herself she wouldn’t. Leah gasped as it continued to burn and only Stella’s hands shoving her head back kept her from hunching over. Let it be over. Let it be over. How long did poisoning take?
It faded just as quickly as it had intensified and Leah became aware again of Stella’s hands on her scalp briefly before she removed them, and her head was suddenly lighter. No. She reached up to feel her head, the long, dense coils gone. Soft, short, wavy strands met her fingers instead.  Stella slapped her hand away.
“Stop moving, it’s distracting.”
She put her hands on Leah’s shoulders and they widened under Leah’s very eyes, making her stumble slightly before she caught herself. What had she done? Stella grasped her easily again by the shoulders, and suddenly Stella was growing shorter, her arms having to extend much further up. Leah tried to regain her bearings as Stella continued her work, some of the changes missed wholly by Leah. She looked at the fingers that now seemed stocky by comparison and ran them through her short hair. It had happened so fast. Stella stepped back and surveyed her work.
The witch’s mouth twitched. She looked Leah up and down. “On second thought your hips do need to be a little narrower.” Once she’d done so she walked around Leah several times. “That should do it. One abomination delivered.” 
She stared at her forearms and the thicker, darker hair.  It was so wrong. She felt a wisp of dread. Hopefully this was reversible—as Stella had promised.
“So, before you go to the Guard,” Stella said, pulling Leah from her shock. “You’ll need to go to the academy. It’s training to be a guard, although students who make it to the higher level do more. It’s difficult to get into the Guard without it. You’ll go to Drewton which is just past Lowrans and ask for a weapon’s test. If you get placed high enough up, you might get recommended to the Guard without any further training. Any more you don’t have to get very far in the program to become a standard member, but you would do better to stay and develop your skills to a higher level. By the looks of it you need all the help you can get.”
Leah found her voice again. “S-so is this how it usually goes?” she faltered at the unexpected change in pitch. Not much deeper, but incredibly foreign to hear coming from her own mouth. “Have you...aided and sent many people on their merry way?”
Stella smiled again, the skin stretching tight. “Not many, but some. I find people don’t really want what they think they do. It’s easy to dream, it’s harder to do, and even harder to change. Not just the body but the mind. It’s easier to be comfortable.”
~     ~     ~
She slept on Stella’s hearth that night, the wooden floorboards feeling much harder than the forest floor had the night before. They were unforgiving against her side as she shifted, thinking about that, and about how much bigger everything felt. She was only slightly more muscular, which she was grateful for. Even so, it was all wrong.
What had she done? What was she doing? Five years to do what? Did she think she could prove herself and they would discount the fact she was a woman? She was a fool. But what did she have to lose? She’d lost all status and grace with society and this would keep her out of prison, at least for now. Hopefully in five years it would have blown over and she could live without watching her back. 
It wasn’t that it was unreasonable, it was that she felt unreasonably guilty about it, as if her father stood outside the window at that moment, his dark eyes fixed on her. 
But if she hadn’t done it, she would have spent the rest of her life wondering. If she’d passed up the one and only opportunity to...to what? Just to choose she guessed. To be an agent and not an object. She had failed so many times at so many things, what was one more? At least she would have failed doing something worth the risk.
Leah had not realized her thoughts had shifted into dreams until Stella laid a sharp kick to her ribs what seemed like moments later. Leah rubbed them and scowled into the ashes, before she shifted to a sitting position, body aching. She got to her feet, feeling slightly disoriented. Stella peered up at her from her seemingly diminished height.
“What are you smirking about? You smell like the underbelly of a street dog, and you’ve just trusted a complete stranger with your life. Won’t be the first time I suppose though.”
Leah raised her eyebrows, but it was true, all of it. Of the two of them, she was the fool.
“I’ll walk you to the road. Hate for you to get lost and die before you fulfill your favor.”
Leah suppressed a shudder of apprehension. She hoped she never saw this woman again.
They had a breakfast of porridge and eggs. Leah was starving still after the meager meal of yesterday and ate the conservative portion Stella had given her slowly, not minding the black flakes. Yesterday she had drunk all of the water Stella had pumped, and Stella had sent her to pump more this morning, which she was happy to do. Bits of what looked like moss came up with the water at first, but it became clearer as she pumped more—though still slightly cloudy like the day before.
Unsurprisingly, Stella’s crumpled garb was the same as the previous day, or she had a wardrobe full of the same shapeless, worm eaten robes. Not that Leah could say much with how she looked at present. 
They set out to a tuneless, spritely whistle from Stella as she led Leah away from her cottage. Leah had become so mixed up over the past few days, that she had been positive that the road was the other direction. The walk took the better part of an hour, and Stella did not talk so Leah did not inquire. When they came to the break in the trees near the road Stella turned around and began to thread back into the forest, leaving a lack of closure to the oddest turn of events Leah had ever experienced.
She supposed that was just how life went though. She started down the road and was surprised to hear Stella’s voice, raw in its strained volume, calling after her.
“You’re going the wrong way!”
Leah stopped and looked in the direction she had been going before looking the other way. She nodded at Stella’s retreating back and began the other way.
It was narrower here than it had been where Leah left it before, the trees that were encroaching upon it not having been cut back. Her good mood soon was burnt away by the heat, despite how she kept to the shade the trees provided and it was several long, hot hours before she reached a small community.  Leah observed the farmers bending over the fields to distract herself from the again familiar torture of thirst. There were hardly any buildings since they most likely relied on Lowrans for nearly everything, but there was a well which Leah gratefully pulled water up out of, quenching her thirst and wishing for a water skin. She should reach Lowrans before night fell, but she had no supplies until then, and her hunger had already faded to a hollow empty feeling in her stomach and a bizarre lightness to her head. Stella had took Leah’s remaining bread when she found it in her bag that morning, muttering about not having bread in months. At the time Leah hadn’t minded much as she was still fairly sick of it, but she was hungry enough now to wish for it. 
Several young kids were playing a shambling game of hutchin near the well, and even Leah could tell that the rules had gone to the wind as a younger boy began kicking another’s shins. Shrieking followed, but no mothers, and Leah was only too glad to leave as her head pulsed from the added noise. 
She took stock of what she had to take her mind off of everything else. Two dresses, two pairs of pants, two shirts, a hideous bag, and a hundred and fifty silvers which she counted as she walked. Her hunger was getting the best of her, and the heat and walking was making her slightly nauseous. In the whole of her life, she had never eaten so little or so poorly. She knew Sandy didn’t have lunch sometimes when the staff was too busy and didn’t even like it when Leah tried to provide an excuse for her to escape and eat. She was too loyal to the rest of the household. Leah doubted if she would have been that loyal. Right now, she would eat scraps from the scrap bin and she was sure they would even taste good.
She’d thought her life had been fairly hard for that of a noble, and maybe it was, but compared to what it might be now...but she had always known that. It’s why she’d never truly ran, why she had been willing to marry Sam, or even someone three times his age and much meaner.  Because she didn’t know how to do anything. She had never been free. She wasn’t sure that she had the fortitude for it. Stella had been right.


Chapter Seven

Lowrans didn’t come into sight until late evening. The city was medium sized, at least according to Leah’s limited experience, and people stopped and talked to one another with bags in their arms and children tugging impatiently at their clothing. She could tell the business of the day was dying down, and most noise came from the inns and taverns that dotted the main street. Leah looked at the signs of several before entering a small one on her right. The common space was filled with locals and travelers alike with raucous laughter punctuating the steady thrum of noise. Over everything was the pungent smell of cheese, garlic, and sweat. The thought of food seemed to make her knees go weak as she waited to be spotted by the innkeeper or his wife. It wasn’t long before a willowy girl approached her, face flushed and hair coming loose from its pins.
“Did you want a place at the inn?” she asked a little breathlessly, her gaze earnest.
“Yes,” Leah said, fingering the two silver pieces she had prepared in her palm. She didn’t know how much was usual.
“Dinner and breakfast, or just breakfast? Also stabling and fodder?’
Stabling and what? “Both meals please...and neither of the other.” Hopefully she didn’t need whatever fodder was.
“That will be four hiireds.”
“Can you give me change for a silver?”
“Of course,” the girl said, and Leah deposited one of the coins in her palm. The girl fished in the pouch belted at her waist, pulling an assortment of coins out. Leah stared as she hurriedly shifted through them. “Here you go. Twenty-four rous, nine rotts, and two hiireds.”
Leah struggled not to drop any of the change that the girl put in her hands, feeling like an idiot. The young woman’s pouch was nearly empty. She shoved the money into her pockets to put into her purse later.
“You can sit at whatever table you like, and I or my father’ll bring something over to you. You’ll be in the second to last room on the right, just up those stairs,” she said, pointing to a narrow stairwell at the back of the room. “Breakfast is served until eight. Pay for your own drinks besides water.”
She whisked off, grabbing cups and dirty dishes as she went. Leah sequestered herself in a corner table, watching the inhabitants of the room as she waited. Her feet throbbed in relief as she rested them. Even the hard wood of her chair felt nearly heavenly. It had never felt this good just to sit.
 It wasn’t long before the same girl brought her a cup of water, a large bowl full of stew, and a slice of bread with cheese melted onto it. The bread was dense and chewy and immediately took the bite out of her hunger. She seemed to come to, the cloudiness she hadn’t realized was there dispersing somewhat from her thoughts.
The occupants of the room were eclectic at best, but when a stocky man armed with a broadsword came in, Leah wasn’t the only one to pick him out. She was obviously a traveler, but she wasn’t wealthy, or she supposed she was but didn’t look it. Her sword wasn’t ornate, and if she was honest with herself, it probably looked like she didn’t know how to use it. His was obviously expensive workmanship however, and the build of his shoulders suggested he at least knew how to hit hard if nothing else.
He sat in a chair in the farthest corner of the room from her with his legs stretched out and arm slung over the back of his chair. She watched as the innkeeper served him. He rarely looked up, and when he did, it was cursory, passing over Leah and most of the rest of the room without a second thought. 
Leah was so intent on people watching that she didn’t immediately notice another figure hidden at the bar watching her. He was also unusually tall and well built, but he was unarmed and drew less attention. Leah startled, not just at the unwanted attention, but by the realization that she knew him from somewhere. He would know her. But no, not unless he was magically inclined. Even if she was still Leah he probably wouldn’t have remembered her. The near panic settled into a quiet unease.
She returned his stare and he smiled slightly before turning his gaze elsewhere. Leah watched him out of the corner of her eye occasionally, seeing the way he thoroughly studied the people in the room. She noticed his gaze did not linger long on the conspicuous swordsman in the corner. Leah had nearly finished her meal when he slid off his seat and approached her, mug in hand. He sat directly across from her, and Leah immediately felt uncomfortable, noticing things about him she shouldn’t. It felt like he could see straight through her deception, and the thought rankled. Leah combed her mind for where she had seen him before. Someone passing through Twilfur? It was unlikely he was nobility dressed as he was.
“Hello,” he said, with a disarming smile that reminded Leah keenly of someone else. She did not respond immediately because it came to her just then. Prince Theudas smiling with his sister in the garden.  
“Hello,” Leah said before finishing the last of her stew. He was the older brother. Prince Nubian. At least she was fairly sure. She’d only ever seen him from a distance.
“You look weary.”
“Traveling tends to do that.”
A polite smile turned the corners of his mouth up, but he didn’t immediately respond. His eyes were roaming the room again. Leah sensed a cunning she wasn’t sure she liked. She supposed that depended on if it was used against her or not. 
“Bit drafty over there?” she queried.
His dark brown eyes crinkled slightly in humor as he directed them back towards her. “Quite, though I’m not sure your table is much warmer. Are you traveling to the capital?”
“No, just to Drewton.”
“For the academy?” he asked. Leah thought she detected a slight air of disappointment.
“Yes. And you?”
“To Iddo, my uncle owns a shipping business there. I plan to go work for him.”
“I didn’t know Mathias or Gias had a shipping business,” Leah remarked, grateful at least for her small degree of knowledge of the royal family.
His expression was almost as gratifying as Leah had hoped it would be. He choked on whatever he was drinking, and he seemed to lose a layer of arrogance. Good. He smiled, but this time it didn't quite reach his eyes.
“I don’t remember meeting you.”
“Well you are a prince, you are more memorable than a civilian would be,” Leah said as she placed the smaller plate her bread had been brought out under her bowl. “I’d better turn in,” she added, wanting to leave before he asked her any more questions. She shouldn’t have given away that she knew him. The less attention on her the better. He watched her as she stood.
“What’s your name?”
Leah blanked. “Sam.” But she’d hesitated, for just a second. She didn’t think anyone else would have noticed, but he only smiled at her and raised his mug.
Leah turned towards the stairs and was so distracted she didn’t realize at first someone was trying to get her attention.
“Excuse me, young man.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” she said, finally realizing she was the ‘young man’ he was referring to. “I didn’t hear you.” He was a middle-aged man that reminded Leah distinctly of Miss Wevir’s butler. He was thin and business like with a well-groomed mustache and neatly parted hair.
“I couldn’t help but notice you carry a sword. I was wondering if you had any experience with it.”
“Umm, well a little. I was on my way to the academy for training.”
“Oh, I see. Well my principal was seeking someone to employ as his daughter’s guard. I’m not sure you quite meet his criteria but thank you for your time.”
Leah frowned at the lost and unexpected opportunity.
“Best of luck then.”
The man jerked his head, frowning. “I’ll need it. Good day, or night I suppose.”
He turned, eyes wandering over the other inhabitants of the room. Leah noticed the older prince still watched her. She raised her eyebrows but turned and left the room without looking back. She felt his eyes burning into her back until she ducked into the safety of the stairwell. The tension drained out of her. She was not one of them anymore. No one would recognize her, not that any of them had even known who she was before. Leah strode down the narrow hallway until she found the second to last room in the narrow hallway. The door groaned as she pushed it inwards.
“Light,” she said, and the small space filled with warm light. There was a squat toilet, a washbasin, and a bed. Leah jumped violently as she caught sight of a tall dark-haired man in the mirror over the washbasin before she realized who it must be. The image became clearer as she approached it, the features becoming discernable despite the black spots dotting the mirror. Her brown-green eyes were the same, although her brows had become even heavier, making them look different. Her hair was not as curly as it had been, but looser, and smoother to the touch. Her nose was straight, instead of curving up slightly at the end, and her smattering of freckles was gone. Her jaw line was sharper, as well as her cheekbones. She saw vestiges of her former self in the face, but it was more the resemblance of siblings. She ran her hands over the masculine features, trying to adjust them in her mind as her own, at least for now.
 She looked better as a man, or perhaps just in her perverse pleasure, Stella had decided to make her handsome. Leah scowled. She tucked her hair behind her ears and started again. They were the same, smaller than they should be now, and a little too delicate looking. Nice job Stella. Leah fingered one. She doubted if anyone would think too much of it.
Leah stepped back and sat down on the slightly lumpy bed. Nubian was the older prince. Then it was Theudas, Arabella—or rather Alayna. What was he doing in Lowrans? 
Rumors, mostly related to why he was disowned, swirled around her head. Leah felt a prickle of fear. Her door locked from the inside, so Leah got up to bolt it closed, remembering his unusual curiousness of her. She bent to her flowered bag and began removing the dresses, shoving them under the mattress. He couldn’t know. How could he possibly know? Maybe he had magical capacities. Leah frowned. What had Stella said? He still wouldn’t know right? Just know that there was something magical going on. Leah rifled through the rest of her bag searching for anything else that might give her away. Certainly the large purse of money was suspicious. Was he a thief? Surely not. He was rich already wasn’t he? Leah closed the bag and set it against the bed before lying down slowly. It was early, but she was so tired it felt like several hours later, and her body ached as it relaxed into the bed much softer than hard ground or worn floorboards. She unbuckled her sword, but kept it on the bed, one hand wrapped around the hilt.
Leah woke the next morning nearly kissing the dusty smelling sheath, light streaming in through a small window. Her gaze travelled to where her bag lay against her bed, apparently unmoved from the night before. She opened it. It looked the same to her, but Leah really hadn’t paid particular attention to it after rummaging through it. She lifted the mattress, pulling the two dresses out. The fabric was silky in her fingers, incredibly smooth next the coarser clothing she was wearing now. But they wouldn’t fit her now and it was suspicious for her to have them. Five years seemed too long to keep them. The fabric was slippery under her fingers as she folded them and put both back under the mattress. Maybe the girl from last night would find them. 
A sense of finality stilled her as she laid the mattress back down. It was more final than drinking a questionable elixir from a strange woman in the woods, or running from dogs, or stealing a small fortune from her father. She was beginning to understand what disowned meant. It meant that she would probably never wear fabric like that again. Leah belted her sword back on and left the room behind.  
The elder prince wasn’t at breakfast—a moderately humble fare of porridge with fruit. Leah could see she was one of the last to rise, and the morning crowd was mostly clearing out. She smiled at the girl from the night before on her way out. The girl nodded and Leah was soon swallowed by the rush of people outside. The city was a convoluted maze, and dirtier than Twilfur. Despite asking several people for directions, it took her the better part of the hour to make it out, several oatcakes in her bag for lunch. Drewton was less than a day’s walk, and with any luck she’d arrive late afternoon. At any rate, she didn’t plan on going hungry any time soon.
The hours were long and dusty, the sun beating down on her head mercilessly into the afternoon before she saw Drewton. The area surrounding it wasn’t quite as rural, but farms still beat the obtruding forest back, the crops closest to the trees stunted.
Leah found this city as disorienting as the last. She searched for the ruling building where Stella had told her to go, heading in what she hoped was the direction of the city center.
After half an hour of hopeless wandering she started following the thickest parts of the crowds of people. It proved more effective than her previous efforts and she was soon dumped out in a mess of people going different directions, surrounding by market stalls and large buildings. The ruling building would be close to here. They were government buildings that most larger cities had. Matters of law, letters, and news all went through them. 
She found it down another street with several other official looking buildings. Thick columns rested on top of several sets of stairs, elevating it far above the other doorsteps on the street. Above one of the arches, carved in stone were the words There is no Justice without Order. It had been Jon the Great’s motto when he had restored order to Sowik. Rising power in the aristocracy severely weakened the king during the second century following their break away from Davia. Eventually the nobility gained so much power that the king was ineffective, and soon overthrown by Herrid, the original aristocrat of Twilfur, when it had still been called Halthorne for Herrid’s own family. It had been the second largest city in Sowik at the time, and the castle Leah lived in was his first habitation before he had made himself a larger one. The new castle had been destroyed entirely by Jon however with not a stone in the foundation left. Jon came several generations after the fall of the king when much of Sowik had been claimed by Adella, and a small portion by Davia. It was the only period of time in the history of the continent that Adella had been a powerful nation, able to hold their own and more. Three major aristocratic families warred and ruled the rest of Sowik at that time. The rest had been conquered by each other, Adella, or Davia. And then Jon the Great had risen to power. He was the second son of the Decator family, originally only a counselor to his brother Joseph until he died in battle. As fortuitous as Joe’s demise had become an expression of extreme luck or more commonly an insult. Jon united Sowik and reclaimed land overtaken by Adella and Davia. His was the only aristocratic family from the old era to survive. People he appointed as justices eventually became the new nobility, but not during his lifetime. No one dared to call themselves nobility while he breathed.
Leah wondered briefly if maybe Jon had been right to disband nobility. Still, even he’d seen the need for law and order. His justices had simply evolved to adopt the term nobility again. What was really in a name?
She mounted the steps to the ornate door and found herself in a large foyer manned by a weedy man at a desk. Three people waited in the line that Leah joined, but the first was quickly dispatched down one of the hallways to her left. Leah watched the young red-headed woman disappear from sight.
“I have a matter of justice,” said the second person, starting down the same hallway as the first lady before the man at the desk had a chance to speak. He face pinched in displeasure, but he quickly turned his attention to the last person in front of Leah, an old woman with a bundle of cloth in her hands. She opened her mouth to speak, but the man cut her off.
“I’m sorry Batheema,” he said sharply, “but for the last time, I can’t do anything about your son. There is no way to reach him.”
“But Lucas, he’s alive, I know he is. You’re supposed to deliver letters, and I’ve written so many, but you never deliver them.”
“I can’t deliver a letter without an address. And I’m not even in charge of that section. I am the director, Batheema. I cannot help you. I’m sorry. Please direct yourself out, or I will summon the guards.”
The woman began to cry, great gulping sobs, and chatter about dead sons and poorly waged wars. The man sighed, a sigh that reminded Leah keenly of her own father. He stood and walked around his desk to her.
“I really am sorry Batheema, but I can’t do anything about it.” He took her by the elbow and led her out. Near the exit the woman dropped and began kicking, but the man handed her easily off to a pair of guards that had been drawn by the woman’s cries.
The man walked back over to his desk, adjusting his shirt sleeves.
“Sorry about that sir, Batheema is not quite right in the head. Comes in at least several times a month trying to send letters to deceased relatives. What can I help you with?”
“I am here to register for the academy.”
The man’s smile was wry. “All right, the price is ten silvers, and I will take you there at the end of my workday.” Leah fished around for the correct amount.
“I was told to ask for a test, or something?”
“A weapons test? That’s standardized now, everyone does one upon entrance, along with some other tests I think. Name?” Right. Once again Leah said the first name that came to mind, afraid to be caught out for lying.
“Sam...Beital.”
“Father?”
“Uh...Silas Beital.” Leah hoped fervently that they didn’t look too far into that.
“Grandfather?”
Leah racked her memory. No, she didn’t know that. “Aaamorosis Beital,” Leah said, trying to think of something quick enough not to be suspicious. Was that even a real name?
The man hesitated and frowned at the piece of paper he was writing on.
“How do you spell that?”
“Uh, A, M,” Leah tried to sound it out in her mind, but under pressure forgot what she’d even told him. “R, O, S, E.”
“Did you say Amrose?”
“Yes,” Leah said evenly, hands sweating as she clasped them behind her back.
The man nodded. “My hearing’s not as good as it used to be. Amrose...I think I had a great uncle by that name, or maybe it was Ambrose. The only thing I really remember about him is that he was always drunk.” He smiled wryly at her. Leah did her best to return it.
He scribbled this down on a sheet of paper. “You are free to wander the city so long as you are back by five-thirty.”
“Thank you.”
“Mmmhmm,” he said as he filed the piece of paper he had drawn and used to write her name. Several more people walked in as Leah exited, two older women and a younger one. The younger woman stared at Leah as she exited, and Leah blushed hotly as she realized a possible reason why.
She shouldered her lurid flowered bag as she made her way around the shops. The bag threatened to vomit its contents at the wrong jostle, so Leah embarked on a quest to secure a new one. One that didn’t reek of old women and pungent perfume. She spent an hour in the marketplace but had trouble finding anything entirely suitable; it was either too small, too flimsy, or too girly—mostly the latter. A stand with wares of flower jewelry and hair ornaments tempted Leah for several moments, but they weren’t the sort of things that a guardsman would have, much less wear so she shuffled along when the owner told her that her girlfriend would love one.
 Her eyes initially skipped over of a seedy man in a shady looking booth tucked away almost out of sight, but a flash of sunlight on silver caught her eye. It was hard to make out from where she was what he was selling, but as she shifted, she made out the flash of steel again through the light that filtered through a few tatters of the ragged awning. Knives maybe? Curiously, she edged through the crowd to get a closer look.
His makeshift table was cluttered with an assortment of small blades that he watched hawkishly as she approached. He looked sort of like what one would expect from someone selling weapons that were not generally well respected beyond the kitchen. He was short and wiry with small dark eyes that seemed to shine from the darkness of his little perch. His expression was so forbidding that Leah guessed he could tell that she didn’t really intend to buy anything. Or looked too poor to anyways.
“What is it exactly you are looking for?” he asked, his voice nasal and drawn out, mocking her she thought.
Leah picked up a knife nearly long enough to be a short sword, running her fingers along the fuller. “I’m not sure,” she said, setting it carefully back on the grubby cloth. “Something small maybe.”
The man gave her a dirty look but reached below the table to pull out a wooden box nearly as big as Leah’s bag. He set it in his lap and unlatched it to show knives ranging from the size of her middle finger to about the length of her forearm. Knives were generally thought of as a thief’s or criminal’s implement of choice. 
But she was a criminal after all. Leah picked up the shortest one and turned it over in her palm. It didn’t have a handle so much as grooves for her fingers along the base. It did seem like the sort of weapon for stabbing someone unaware. She set it back and picked up one that looked like a kitchen knife but with two edges. It didn’t have a cross guard, which was a little strange and she could barely fit all of one hand on the hilt. It was a few inches shorter than her forearm and well balanced with a sheath of soft, supple leather that she wasn’t entirely sure it couldn’t cut through. Leah set it down and continued to peruse until she thought that if she stayed any longer without buying anything the man would try and charge her for wasting his time. Not that anyone else had come over to his booth. She opened her mouth to thank him, but her impulsivity got the best of her.
“How much for this one?” she asked, lifting the second one again.
The man seemed to regard her in a new light, suddenly more personable.
“Ten rotts.” Leah frowned, considering the knife. “But I am a man who likes a good bargain and know an intelligent and thrifty customer when I see one. I can do eight, but no less or I won’t be making enough profit for a bath to wash the sweat off my back.”
Leah repressed a smirk. If he wasn’t still overcharging her, she would eat her flowered bag. Actually, her aunt’s bag since she had promised to return it...unlikely in the best of circumstances.
Leah dug her hand into her purse, careful to keep the contents and the size hidden in the flowered handbag. She only had nine of the rotts and wasn’t sure how much the rous or hiireds were worth, so she pulled out another silver. “Can you give me change for this?”
The man’s expression soured fleetingly as he realized he should have asked for more. He wiped it away with a wide smile “Of course.”
She stuffed the knife in her bag, ignoring the prickle of guilt at the unwise purchase, and hoping unreasonably he’d given her the right amount of change since she wouldn’t know any better.
Afterwards Leah sat on the steps to the ruling building, fingering the knife and shoving it down her boot whenever anyone came close by. The shadows of the pillars gradually shifted and lengthened as she waited until at last the man behind the desk exited the building, a sheaf of papers in hand and looking very tired.
“Oh, there you are, I wondered if you’d lost track of the time.”
“Sorry,” Leah said, standing quickly.
“No matter, I didn’t wait long, let’s be off, I have dinner waiting. Probably cold by now I got off so late.” 
He blew out a sigh and ran his hand through his hair before he began taking the stairs several at a time. She hastened to follow. The part of the city he took her through was much nicer than where she’d wandered through before, and they were out the back gate in less than ten minutes. Half a mile down the road leading out of the city he led her off down a well-beaten footpath. The trees began to thin and after several more minutes of walking Leah began to see the academy. 
She wasn’t really sure what she had been picturing but it wasn’t this. There wasn’t a wall around the area, just wooden fencing like farmers used. Three buildings and a center yard took up most of the space within the fence, but Leah thought she saw part of something behind one of the buildings. Pits maybe. She frowned. What would they use pits for? Despite the un-imposingness of the buildings, nervousness crept into her gut. She knew nothing about this place, and even less about how to blend in. What if it was too hard? What if she flunked out? She felt nauseous as they walked across the dusty, hard packed courtyard. 
The building he was leading her to was the largest with three stories that looked out of place against the backdrop of thick forest trees. The man tugged the front door open and Leah followed him inside to a dank, musty hallway. It smelled of high traffic and low financial allocations for several decades or more.
The office they entered was directly to the right and hosted only a middle-aged man with balding hair and thick glasses. He looked up as they entered with shrewd eyes that didn’t seem to miss anything. Leah couldn’t help but notice how crisp his shirt was despite the heat and time of the day. He seemed to demand a sort of respect despite his somewhat rodent like features, and Leah got the feeling that he wasn’t a man who put up with much of anything. The man from the ruling building stepped forward with several sheets of paper which the other man took. Leah tried to get a good look at them as he handed them over, but his handwriting was too flowery for her to make out easily. How much could there be? She’d spent less than a minute talking to him, and of the three names she’d given him two were fictitious.
“This is Mr. Sam Beital here, he’s paid full tuition and just needs tested. Has his own weapon.” 
The man adjusted his glasses as he took the papers and looked them over.
“Good evening,” he said without looking up. “You may call me Mr. Raden, nothing else, no nicknames.” He was quiet a moment as he skimmed them. “You’d better hope we find Mr. Bjorhus first and not Rob. Rob has no qualms about thrashing new students.” He stood up and walked around his desk.
“Thank you, Mr. Raden, if you don’t need anything else from me, I’ll be off.”
“Yes, yes of course. Thank you Lucas, until next time.”
The weedy man dipped his head and exited the office. Leah and Mr. Raden followed behind, but instead of exiting the building, they set off down the long corridor.
As they passed rooms with closed doors Mr. Raden said, “Normally they’d both be on the sparring field but neither has classes this late. They also don’t have offices so they’re difficult to find. I’ll take you to Mr. Lewis first so we can see if you know enough to skip the basic classes. He just ensures that reading and writing are up to par, and that your knowledge of the history of our country is sufficient for one who intends to serve it. Here we are.”
He stopped in front of yet another room with a closed door and knocked. He paused for a moment before pulling up with his thumb on the latch and pushing it open. Inside were five or six students who watched their entry with mild interest. They were all slumped over their desks though, and it wasn’t hard to guess what their state of interest had been with the lesson only moments before. The teacher was a mild-mannered looking man with round glasses and light brown hair that looked as if it had just seen a wild ride. He smiled at Mr. Raden.
“A new student? You can sit in on the lesson and I’ll quiz you when I’m done.” He smiled yet again. “Maybe you’ll even pick up on something for the quiz.”
Mr. Raden left and a few instructions to the man and Leah made her way past the other students to sit in the first available chair. She could feel their eyes on her until Mr. Lewis turned back to the board and continued his lesson which was about geography. The rest of the students’ eyes began to glaze over one by one. Leah could feel her own doing the same. What boffola didn’t know this? She idly began to wonder where most people received their education. Lucien had a private tutor, like she had had. She remembered suddenly that Silas hadn’t learned to read or write until later—when he’d been delayed becoming an office because of it. She’d forgot he’d told her that. Hadn’t really thought much about it at the time. Now it seemed nearly unbelievable. 
When the clock in the corner of the room finally struck six and Mr. Lewis dismissed them, the students left the room with a degree of alacrity and unity that nearly startled Leah from her seat.  Soon she was left alone with Mr. Lewis. He sat in his desk and motioned for her to move closer. She moved to the closest desk to his and sat.
“All right, how far did your schooling go?” he asked, pushing his spectacles up as he combed a hand through his hair.
Leah hesitated as she thought. “It didn’t go very far but I did quite a bit of reading on my own.”
“All right, well I’ll just ask you some questions then. Do you know the basic geography of this continent? I’m assuming you did since you showed more interest in your lovely flowered bag than the board,” he smiled kindly as he said it, but she blushed hotly all the same. She needed a new bag.
“Yes.”
“All right, I’ll just have you draw them for me on a piece of paper and describe a little about them, or more than a little. The more you can tell me the better you’ll do.”
Leah took the piece of paper and a pencil from him and began to draw the shape of the coast. It looked like a limp noodle. She drew in the countries Adella, Tamaw, Davia, and Sowik. She drew the mountains along the border of Tamaw and the desert next to Davia. West of that was no man’s land, vast and undeveloped swamps and forests that hadn’t even been explored very thoroughly. To the east, across the ocean there was another continent, but the sea-voyage was chancy at best. It was attempted only regularly enough to be persuade most people that there actually was another place. The people on the other continent were more violent natured and barbaric. At least that was as much as Leah had heard about it. She told him this and what she knew of the other countries’ histories when he asked before moving on to Sowik’s. After several minutes he stopped her and asked for the current status of these countries as well as their royalty and what goods they exported. She knew most of the royalty of all the surrounding kingdoms but hadn’t the faintest idea what they exported. 
“Okay there’s history for you, we’re not too concerned about economy anyways. Just the basics in math then.” Once he had finished quizzing her, he sat back in his chair. “Well, you can skip all the basic classes, like the one that you just sat through, and you won’t need any other ones unless you advance to the highest level of training, which is the third year. Your knowledge of general economics is rather poor, but that isn’t something that is really required. Overall, quite excellent, I am pleased to declare you well-learned.” Leah nodded, hiding her befuddlement about what economics actually meant.
“Thank you,” she said as he stood up and shook her hand.
“Just head back to Mr. Raden’s office and he’ll direct you to your other test.”
Leah left the room, footsteps echoing in the deserted hallways. Mr. Raden was back at his desk, filling out paperwork, but he stood when Leah entered.
“How’d it go?”
“Good,” Leah said, unsure if wanted to know the results, or if it was just a casual question.
“Pass then?”
“Yeah.”
“Good, good. Mr. Bjorhus should be waiting on the field. I told him you’d just be a minute.” He led her out the front doors to the main courtyard where a large man waited. He was built like a brick, huge and muscular all the way around and looking solid enough to be used as a battering ram. In fact, it appeared almost like he had been used as one and lost a few inches of height because of it. He had two battered practice swords in one hand and the other was fisted on his hip. He looked up as they approached him, and Leah made out deep set tawny eyes under neatly trimmed brows.
“Sam this is Mr. Bjorhus. Since this test won’t take as long, I’ll just wait for the results to put in your paperwork.”
He extended a hand twice the size and three times as meaty as Leah’s own, even in its modified state. She shook it. The surface was rough and calloused, the palms stained a dark grey. He didn’t say anything as he handed Leah the other sword, but assumed a sparring stance so Leah followed suit.
“We’re just going to spar a little, don’t get too crazy,” he said in a deep voice that didn’t hold quite the same warmth as Silas’s, although the pitch was about the same. Leah nodded in acknowledgement and tried not to concentrate on all the people going from building to building that might be watching her. She shifted her grip on the hilt nervously as she watched him, knees slightly bent.
When she was not quick to initiate the match, he made a casual swipe with his sword, evidently cutting her plenty of slack. Leah almost sighed in relief. She probably should have shown him a proper block but instinctively she just stepped back. He gave a quicker thrust which she deflected lightly, trying to throw him off balance by not providing much force against his. He advanced, right foot shuffling forward followed by his back, light on his feet for such a large man. He began to attack more and more in a fashion she assumed was to draw out different responses from her. The difficulty had not yet risen to those of her matches with Lucien, but she was much more nervous.
To her relief nobody stopped to watch, probably intent on getting to dinner. He increased the intensity a couple of notches and Leah struggled to keep up. Her offensive attempts had been reduced to habitual ripostes without much vigor. He landed a tap on her neck when she fell for one of his fakes, but he continued for a minute afterwards as though it had not happened. At last he drew back and held out a hand for Leah’s practice sword.
“Your defense is good. Too timid to say much for your offense. It needs some work. But your form is…good. Very good. You’ve had a teacher?”
“Yes sir.”
“Are there any other weapons you would like to be tested on?”
Leah shook her head.
“All right then. I’ll just borrow Mr. Raden for a moment and then he’ll tell you whatever it is they tell new students.”
He walked over to Mr. Raden and spoke to him for a moment while Mr. Raden made notes. Leah stood awkwardly as she waited for them to finish. Mr. Bjorhus nodded to her as he left, his gait a little uneven from what must have been an old injury.  
“All right, I’ll just show you a few things, and then I’ll let you head off to dinner.” 
Leah perked up, becoming more and more familiar with the not ever quite satisfied feeling in her stomach. Mr. Raden proceeded to explain what each of the buildings were as they walked to the second smallest. He pointed out the dining hall which was the most diminutive and explained the full purpose of the one they’d left. The one they were walking towards was the housing complex.
“The first levels stay in rooms that host about ten of them, but fortunately for you, students in the second level share with only one other person. You will be in room number twenty-eight on the second floor, and the bathrooms are upstairs on the third floor,” he said, lifting up a sheet of paper before scribbling something as they walked.
“Your weapons training will be with Rob at two-thirty but because you missed the basic fitness class for first level, you’ll have that. Unfortunately for you it is a requirement and not something you can skip. That’ll be at seven in the morning and the punishment is harsh if you’re late. You can also sign up for the second level fitness class, but it would be difficult to do both since one a day is taxing enough. You can pass the fitness test for the first level at the end of the month which is next week. You sign up for the class and you continue in it until you pass. At the end of every month you can choose to participate in the test or wait another month. Do you want both or just the one?”
Just two classes a day? Surely it’d be better to do the second fitness class as well since she didn’t really have time to waste. She’d manage.
“I'll do both.” The man raised his eyebrows and nodded but didn’t say anything. He made another note. “All right, the other one is two and a half hours later at nine thirty. I think that’s all you need to know, so you are free to go to dinner.”
“Thank you.”
“Mmhmm,” he said, already walking the other way.
Leah was tempted to call out to him and change her mind about the second fitness class judging from his expression, but indecision made the decision for her as he walked out of hearing distance. It would be okay. She was in decent shape.
She started in the direction of the squat dining hall, trying to shake her unease and bewilderment. 
The noise greeted her ears from more than thirty feet from the building. The door was propped open, but the inside was still sweltering, and difficult to see in after the blinding outside light. As her eyes adjusted, she saw that it was packed with hundreds of students talking and eating—all of them soaked with various degrees of perspiration. Leah had run into the back of the line as soon as she stepped in despite its having already folded in upon itself several times. Tables lined the remaining space on either side of her, and three quarters were full, although there was at least the same amount of young men still in line. She caught pieces of the conversation in front of her.
“I’m so sick of rotten apples. Hauffman nailed me with one and I don’t think it was really gone soft. Look it’s already bruising.” A thin boy with a mop of brown hair lifted up his sleeve to reveal a blooming purple bruise coloring his upper arm. His comrade, a much shorter kid with a swarthy complexion, stabbed it with his finger, and the taller boy punched him in the gut. 
“Michael,” he shrieked in a surprisingly girlish voice, rubbing his arm.
“Bet he picked through the whole lot to find the hardest ones. Too bad for you that he can actually throw.”
“Shut up.”
Leah turned slightly and saw that several other students had walked in behind her. They appeared to be friends as well though and ignored her as they continued talking about the day’s events. She continued to listen to the conversations around her as the line shifted forwards.
When Leah found herself with a plate of some sort of vegetable loaf and a small chicken breast, she suddenly wished she was back in line. All the tables had at least a few students at them, and most were packed nearly shoulder to shoulder. Most of the new people getting out of line were heading outside. Leah decided to do the same, knowing even with her limited social experience that she wouldn’t be welcome at most of the tables with open seats. She was almost to the door when she spotted a table with a motley crew. There were only four of them, but they all had the air of not quite fitting in. A heavier set kid with clothing too small took up half of the four-person bench on one side, and on the other sat a tall kid with sandy hair that was stuck up in funny places, a very short kid with squinty eyes, and a lean looking kid with dark hair. 
“Can I sit here?” she asked as she walked over, trying not to sound as tentative as she felt. 
The dark-haired kid, or rather young man, glared at her like she was an idiot, and the other two looked confused, but the heavier one smiled deferentially. “Sure.”
Leah sat down and picked up her fork to disguise her awkwardness. “I’m L—Sam.” The tips of her ears began to burn.
“Lamb? Is that what you said, because I’d certainly have to agree, you look like a bleating lamb,” the boy with the dark hair said. He looked like he didn’t really belong at this table. Self-imposed exile of a sort maybe.
Leah felt her face heat up a little more.
The heavier student next to her rolled his eyes and extended a meaty hand to gesture towards the irritable student. “Don’t mind Thiede, he has the temperament of bull about to be castrated. I am Luke, this is Carlyle,” he said pointing to the taller kid with sandy hair, “and Mason, more commonly known as dim, short for diminutive.”
“Well met,” Leah said as she nodded to them.
“So you’re new,” stated Thiede. His eyes were nearly black, and they glittered dangerously under the tips of the thatches of hair that hung over his forehead. He was the only truly good-looking one at the table and she couldn’t help but notice. Carlyle wouldn’t be bad either, if he combed his hair. They all looked somewhere from about sixteen to twenty with Thiede seeming to be the oldest.
“Yes, just finished my weapon’s test.”
Thiede nodded, looking down his nose at his food before picking up his fork again. 
“So you’re a first level then?” Mason asked. Luke was large, but Mason was soft in a sort of way that held no resistance. His eyes were small, deep set and an ambiguous yellow brown.
“Second level actually, although I still have to do the...fitness level one,” Leah said.
Luke raised his eyebrows, mildly impressed. “You’ll be with me then. I just moved on to level two. Those two are still on level one, and Thiede just moved up to level three last week. He’s had formal training, so he’s ahead of the rest of us.”
Thiede’s expression was fierce enough to make a bull shy. “Shut up you joksta.”
Luke rolled his eyes. “As a general rule, Thiede’s past is a topic we don’t discuss unless Thiede isn’t present, so ask another time when he isn’t present,” Luke grinned at Leah, and she found she was rather beginning to like him.
“One word and I will cut you into ribbons.”
“While I do believe you are quite capable of murder, and that I would be either the first of last person you’d kill, I doubt if Lamb here would breathe a word.”
“Sam,” Leah corrected.
Luke shrugged. “It’s too late.”
Leah considered this as she bit into the dry chicken. It was about as masculine as her handbag, but she supposed it didn’t really matter. She didn’t need to be especially masculine, just passably so.
“I suppose it’s better than Dim,” she said before thinking.
They all laughed except for Mason who instead finished off the last of his vegetable loaf.  “Yes it is,” he said resignedly.
Leah finished the chicken and began dissecting the yellow-green loaf. Thiede remained ill-tempered, and Carlyle didn’t actually say much, but Leah found that she liked the small group. When Mason got up, she followed him, taking her plate to the counter before exiting. It was just starting to get dark, and she was one of the few heading back to the housing, but she knew she would have no trouble falling asleep.
The outside of the building was made of large white bricks that faded out to a dirty brown near the ground. The whole building, though quite large, was entirely windowless. Leah followed another boy inside, the handle less wooden door slapping shut behind her.
Dim light halfway illuminated a set of stairs just inside the doorway accompanied by a long hallway lined with doors on her right. The floors were made of worn, grimy tile, and the walls were peeling where they met the damp ceiling. If she had to hazard a guess, she would say it had been cleaned maybe a decade ago, though she thought that might be generous. It was evident by the lack of dust build up where students walked, while the dirt in the corners and along the walls had accumulated so much that dirt clods someone had kicked out of one corner were several inches thick in diameter and lay strewn across one edge of the entryway. She would rather lick Stella’s robes than this floor. 
Leah started ascending the narrow staircase patched up with rough boards of flaky wood. Streaks of several unidentifiable substances ran along the wall, mostly parallel to the stairs. Leah tried not to stare too hard at them, afraid of figuring out what they were.
The second floor was much like the first, except for a bit wider hallway that branched out periodically. Bits of an old carpet remained running down the center of the hallway, though most of it was worn through to bare boards. She guessed that it might have been red, but it was hard to tell. Leah’s toe caught on a piece of it and it flipped up sending a scurry mess of bugs scuttling. She stared at the damp, newly revealed wooden floor where they had been. Please let there be no carpet in the rooms. 
On many of the doors, the painted digits were so scratched or defaced they could no longer be read, and Leah lost track of where she was several times before finding her door at last. Twenty-eight in ancient yellow paint. And beneath it a crudely etched word: turon, along with several nastier words and a few she didn’t recognize. The handle was highly polished on the prominent surface areas, and dark black in the nooks and crannies. Leah gingerly turned it and pushed it inward to reveal a dark abyss that the hallway light seemed unable to penetrate.
“Light,” she said, her voice slightly hoarse. Nothing happened. Leah cleared her throat. “Light.” 
The room suddenly took shape as the light flickered on. 
No carpets. 
A wardrobe, a small dresser, and two beds were crammed into the space with a pair of pants strewn in the aisle. One bed was unmade and looked recently slept in, so she set her bag at the end of the other roughly made bed. She stooped and sniffed it. The blankets smelled old—like sweat...and something else. Leah fervently hoped it wasn’t urine. She pulled the sheet back and decided that they had probably been recently washed but had endured too much abuse to truly smell clean. At least that’s what she decided to believe. The top blanket was misshapen and scratchy, with tufts coming out of the wide stitches running along the edges of it. 
She unbuckled her sword and set it against the wall, before sitting slowly on the indented mattress. Two years here and then what? Leah leaned over, her elbows digging into her knees as she stared at her clasped hands and the wooden planks of the floor. Silas’s parable of the young man who never felt satisfied with his lot in life came floating back to her and she began to chew her bottom lip. Was that what he had been trying to say? That she was destined to hate whatever she did, and better just buckle up and endure it? Maybe Leah should have just gone straight to sailing. She tried to shake off the cloud of despair that seemed to have filled the little dank room. It would be fine. She would do this, and then she would go help people. And, somehow, she would become secure in her position before the five years were over and she would be able to stay. And then what, if she got that far? Live a lonely life chasing thieves and prostitutes, trying to convince herself that she was making a difference? Leah realized her vision was blurring and stood up abruptly. Just stress, it was just stress. It would be fine; it would all be fine. Leah unclasped her bag and dug out a fresh—or at least fresher—set of clothes and went to find the bathroom.


Chapter Eight

She had a hard time falling asleep that night, and she felt it the next morning when the alarm went off. Her roommate swore under his breath as she fumbled for the little round ball that had been set on her nightstand.
“Quiet,” she hissed at it once her fingers had latched on and it was. The bedsprings groaned as her roommate shifted, and Leah looked over, curious since he had come in after she had already laid down. He had thin dark hair that was already balding and was on the heavier side. Leah sat up, feeling immediately alert despite the exhaustion. She fumbled for the door handle in the absolute darkness and slipped out of the room once she finally unlatched it. She didn't meet anyone from her level going down, but as soon as she descended the stairs, she joined a steady flow of students from level one that were rubbing their eyes and combing hands through their hair. Leah combed a hand through her own hair, trying to help it lay better. Hopefully she didn’t look like an idiot, or perhaps she would fit in better if she did. 
Breakfast was still fairly packed, but the noise from the night before was only a quarter of the previous level. Her portion of oatmeal was generous, but there were only raisins to season it, and that was enough to wipe the smile off her face. She spotted Mason at a table close to the one he had sat at yesterday, and she joined him. 
“‘Morning Sam,” he grunted.
“Morning. Where’s Carlyle?”
Mason smiled self-pityingly and shook his head. “He’s already passed,” he said, his voice a little hoarse from sleep. “Just you and me.” Leah wanted to ask how long he’d been in fitness training, but held back, wondering if it was rude since he was the last one.
“I signed up for both, I’m starting to think that it…” she paused because he had started laughing—a wheezing chuckle—but decided to finish, “wasn’t such a good idea.”
Mason finished laughing and snorted. “You make me look bright Sam.”
Leah’s stomach twisted nervously. They didn’t talk much for the remainder of the meal, but she was exceedingly grateful for someone to walk with. They made their way behind the building to a huge oval clearing filled with odd…. Leah didn’t know what to call everything that was in it. There was a beaten path around the outside, bars in one section, the irregular pits she’d seen yesterday and ropes hanging from several posts topped with a net. Young men mulled around as they waited, but no one sat. Leah saw that the rest of the crowd from breakfast was quickly turning up, followed not long after by a tired-looking man with a neatly trimmed mustache that was much thicker than his thinning hair. He was short and overall not entirely impressive looking. He glanced at a timepiece Leah hadn’t noticed fixed to the back of the schooling building. Several long moments passed in silence, him rocking back and forth on his heels with his hands clasped behind his back. A few straggling students were running toward the field, and Leah noticed that some came straight from the dormitories.
“Ah, there we are. Late again Smith?”
“Yes sir.”
“Well go ahead and start your laps, you can join the last group on the course.”
“Yes sir.”
The boy took off at a moderate pace around the edge of the clearing. Several more boys were soon dismissed that way as soon as they came running in. The man split a group of about twenty-five off, and they began to run laps as well. 
“How many do the late kids have to do?” Leah asked Mason.
“An extra ten, and then they join the last running group for the regular workout.”
Leah vowed to never be late. The second group the instructor had divided out all dropped to the ground and started doing repetitive motions. In the beginning, they were all doing the same thing—arms spread and back flat, pushing up and then letting themselves back down—but Leah could soon see where others were falling behind as the fastest progressed to other motions. She was so distracted she didn’t realize that the instructor was gesturing for her to join the third group.
“Name, student!” he shouted, getting her attention at last.
“Sorry. Sam Beital, sir.”
“Mr. Beital join the third group. You will be doing the course first.”
Leah hurried forward, leaving Mason behind in the fourth group. She kept to the back, hoping to observe the people ahead of her. An older looking student was already waiting near the beginning of the line with a wooden whistle. The first two students laid on their stomachs in the dust with their palms down. The young man with the whistle blew it, the sharp sound piercing even through the growing din of students running and jumping, and the two young men took off, leaping a series of beams. Pits were strewn throughout and they had to place each step carefully to avoid them. Already the next two were lying down. The first set began haphazardly scaling a ladder to reach the rope course higher up. They swung across them, still moving quickly, but more carefully. The student blew the whistle again and Leah looked back to see the next set jump up. 
The student furthest ahead started hand over hand down a single thick rope. He dropped when he was about ten feet up, landing in a crouch before sprinting to a long ditch laid over with iron bars. He dropped down and began to crawl through it, disappearing mostly from view. Several moments later he was out and nimbly crossing a stretch of even more pits that lead back to where they were at. The other student that had ran with him was not far behind.
“Both clear,” the man with the whistle said once the two students had crossed. He whistled again and the next set took off. 
Leah watched apprehensively.
“What does he mean by clear?” she asked a dark-haired kid next to her. He looked like he had been trying to sleep standing up.
“To make the time limit,” he said, eyelids fluttering like they would open, but then stilling as they were.
Leah continued to watch the students take off, her gut churning. 
“What happens if you’re not clear?”
“You run it again. Up to five times before they’ll let you off.”
Leah swallowed, trying to keep her heart down.
The line moved quickly, and before she was ready the set before her was laying on their stomachs. She swallowed hard at the dryness of her throat and shifted from foot to foot. At least seven of the kids failed, and one of them was her partner for the next round instead of the dark-haired kid. Leah recognized him as the student who had tripped spectacularly trying to avoid a pit at the end. They laid down in the dust as soon as the others took off.
The other kid looked surprisingly cheerful considering the circumstances. 
“Eban.”  He offered a hand for her to shake with his elbow propped up on the ground. She shook it. He was not especially tall, shorter than Leah had been even before the changes she thought. Maybe five-six. But he was wiry in a sort of way that made her think of a tough, hard-to-kill chicken. Like the pain of killing it wasn’t worth a scrawny drumstick.
“Sam. How long have you been in this class?”
“About a week. I ditched for a year before they realized I’d never passed it, so I’m a level two in weaponry. I hear it takes about three months to pass, but I’m shooting for a week since the test is available next Tuesday.”
“Good luck.”
“Thanks, I’ll need it. And good luck to you. You look like you need it.” He grinned at her, and Leah couldn’t help but grin back.
The whistle blew and Leah scrambled to her feet, sprinting despite the upcoming beams. She tried to keep pace with Eban, running almost all out. Her jump over the first beam was ungainly, and she lost a lot of speed, but she picked it up again in time for the next bar. Eban pulled ahead, jumping low over the beams and keeping momentum. 
He started on the pits just ahead of her, and she took her eyes off of him to focus on her feet. Just as she looked up again to judge where he was at, she felt her foot nearly slip into a pit. They were running so fast that she barely had time to see and adjust her footing in response to the pit placements as they ran. The ladders were in front of her when she looked up next and she saw she was only a little way behind him. She began scaling the adjoining one, catching up to him near the top where they began to make their way across. Leah swung carefully across the ropes, going as fast as she could, but not fast enough to risk falling. Eban seemed to have no such fears despite several near misses. He had started down the rope on the other side by the time she was three-quarters across. The rough rope burned her hands as she went hand over hand down, jumping the last bit. The crawling stretch was next, and she slowed slightly before diving down under, her elbows getting the worst of it. He was halfway through, one leg crooked up before pushing forward and then alternating. Leah imitated him, moving quickly. 
The sun beat hot through the bars and loose dirt clods bit into her bare forearms against the hard-packed earth. As soon as she was half out she sprung up, pushing off against her palms as she began to run again. The pits almost seemed to blur as she skipped over them and she finished not far behind Eban. There was a sheen of sweat across her forearms and forehead and the heat from the early sun already seemed too hot to exercise in. 
Her chances didn’t look too good, as she’d been behind Eban and he’d already failed the course once, but she couldn’t quite quash the hope that she had as she watched the whistle-blower. The young man didn’t even look up as he brought the whistle to his mouth for the next group.
“Clear,” he said around the wood before he blew again. Leah grinned in relief, and almost fell to her knees when Eban slapped her on the back. 
“Look at choo. Not too shabby for your first go.”
“You set a decent pace.”
“I’m the second youngest. Older siblings tend to give incentive to develop good legs.”
“Older brothers?”
“Some, although I have to say, my oldest sister is a whole other brand of scary. A wise man fears the wrath of women and avoids it as much as it is possible. Unfortunately, I have not proven to be a wise man.”
Leah laughed. “A flirt then?”
Eban snorted. “Do I look like a lady’s man to you?” She took a good look at him. He could be considered attractive in an open, boyish sort of way. Someone who could be trouble if they wanted to be. But not someone who would find trouble without looking for it.
She shrugged.
Eban bit his tongue and shook his head, hands on hips in an almost motherly fashion. “What was your name again?”
“Sam.”
“Sam, I can tell you’re not a lady’s man, or you’d be able to spot one. I’ll tell you this though, I’m not sure which is worse, letting a girl know you don’t like her or letting her falsely believe you do.”
Leah laughed and shook her head, looking at the ground. This was a topic she didn’t know.
“So where are you from?” Eban asked when she didn’t respond.
“Twilfur.”
“That’s not far from here.”
“No,” Leah said.
“I’m from Lamech. I haven’t had decent fish since I got here. Actually, haven’t had fish at all, and I’d be a little scared of the fish they might serve here considering how the chicken was last night.”
Their conversation was interrupted when they reversed the obstacle course, going the opposite direction. They crossed the bars instead of crawling underneath them, and walked on top of the ropes, using higher ropes for support instead of swinging from them. Leah watched the same kids struggle to finish on time. She fell short the first time, but just barely she thought because Eban was clear and he was only a little way in front of her. After what Leah gaged to be fifteen minutes, they were rotated to where they’d started. Mason’s group rotated in to run, and the running group to the strange exercises. Leah followed her fellow students as they all sat down and began to stretch. She copied Eban’s motions as he folded over himself.
“What exactly is this for?” she asked.
“There are too many students for the class, so a quarter is always sitting out. Mr. Valier will get short with you though if you’re not doing anything, so we just stretch. The other students tell me this just happened a month or so ago. Really tones down the intensity of the class though if you have a thirty-minute break.” Leah agreed.
“So how big is Lamech?” she asked curiously.
“Oh, it’s decent sized, not really sure. Noisy as a hen house. Since we’re a port city we get people from all over selling things: Adella, Davia, Tamaw, not so much the Reeds, but sometimes. My older sister kind of fancies them, got her into a spot of trouble with my dad. Don’t really know what she was thinking.”
Leah nodded and then copied him as he shifted to a different stretch.
“So, any siblings at all?” he asked her.
Leah shook her head.
He grinned. “That’s a shame. You really learn a lot from them. What you can get away with snitching, how late you can reasonably be out, how to sneak out. And they break in the parents. As long as you keep it a couple notches down from what they did, it more or less flies.”
“Do you have any younger?” Leah asked before remembering he’d already said he was second youngest.
He snorted. “My younger sister, and she is beholden to no one. Whatever she wants, whenever she wants it. She’s pretty sweet though. Turned out better than the rest of us. My father’s a tailor, so we don’t have a lot, but more than most. Which is why I’m here. Your family?”
Leah blanked. “Uh, farmers.”
“Must be pretty well off to end up here.”
“My uncle died and left them some money.”
“Gotcha. Well I don’t know anything about farming, can’t say it ever really interested me.”
Leah let out a breath of relief. 
She was not especially nervous for the running. She had lots of practice. 
After half an hour they lined up in a pack at the appointed starting spot, marked by a mutilated tree. Another student whistled and they began, the abrupt pace surprising Leah. She felt the bite of shoes on her heels and nearly tripped. She quickly fell into place once she regained her balance, nearly on the person’s heels in front of her to avoid those behind. Why were they running so fast? They had fifteen laps. Her stomach seemed to grow heavier. She better not have to run this again if she didn’t make time, she wasn’t really sure if she could—it was no small oval. 
Leah tried to spot out Eban’s sandy head so she could ask him. He was a little way ahead, and it took her the better part of the first lap to reach him, by which time she was starting to feel the three days spent in the woods, the irregular eating habits of the last week, and the early morning. Eban looked over at her, and then gave a slight smile. She hoped he didn’t mind.
“Do we have to make this under a certain time?” Leah managed.
“Not these ones. On the test you do,” he sucked in a breath. “Twenty-two minutes with the obstacle course in the mix.”
“Thanks.” She drifted behind since she suspected it would be inevitable in the end but tried to follow as close as she could since he seemed a reasonable standard for her to work towards. The gap between them began to yawn as the fourth lap approached, and Leah was beginning to feel that her reservoir of strength was not as deep as she’d wanted to believe. By the sixth lap she was no longer trying to keep up with anyone, but simply enduring. If there had been any way to step off the track without embarrassing herself, she would have. Fifteen laps was absolutely interminable. Each one was slow and grating, but there was nothing to do except keep running. A couple of students kept track of the progress of the runners, making ticks on pieces of paper. 
Leah developed an extremely painful stitch in her side which she tried massaging out with her fingers as she ran. The pressure seemed to help if nothing else. 
She wasn’t sure if she could even walk when she finished, much less move on to the exercises but somehow she did. She thought the exercises would be a relief after running, but she found they were worse. She was the last one on the track and barely made it off before they switched groups. As a consequence, she had no break between her laps and the exercises. Fortunately, Mr. Valier was yelling at someone else, Mason, she realized with a twinge of guilt, or he would likely have berated her for the sloppiness of her form. Even in the haze of grueling agony she was embarrassed. She skipped half of them and still had trouble keeping up and her stomach kept hitting the ground when it wasn’t supposed to. Despite extensive cheating she was also unable to perform several of the exercises, her arms shuddering from exhaustion and unable to complete the required motions. 
Tomorrow she would do better. 
A profound stupor settled over her as she walked back towards the dormitories. Eban said something to her and she responded, but she was still recovering from the agony of the most strenuous physical exercise she’d ever been subjected to. That was level one. Leah checked the time piece as she came into her room. Level two was in half an hour. She tried to forget everything and buried her head in her pillow.
Her stomach was still feeling upset when she turned up for the next class, and her legs felt half liquefied. She spotted Carlyle and made her way over to him, not that it would matter much once they’d started running, or whatever they were doing. He smiled, a small secretive smile at her.
“How was class?”
Leah debated on how to respond. “Good.” Carlyle’s smile grew but he didn’t say anything else.
“Is this class similar?” Leah asked.
He shrugged. “Not really. Some of the exercises are the same, but we don’t do the obstacle course except as punishment. Today is one of the easier days, it’s just running day.”
Running day? Surely not the whole time.
“So we just run for two hours?”
“Usually only an hour and a half, unless Mr. Valier’s feeling spiteful,” he said.
Mr. Valier came striding across the field just then, but he dismissed them to run almost as soon as he’d arrived. Leah had thought that there was still time before the class would begin because there were only twenty or so kids, but that was all there was. She kept pace at first with Carlyle as they began to run. In her previous class it hadn’t been as apparent that she was falling so far behind as it would be in this one.
An hour and a half of this, maybe two hours. She couldn’t make it. There was no way in Usuada that she was running another hour and a half; she was struggling just to make it through the first lap.
~     ~     ~
Leah rested her head against the table edge. Her stomach felt like it had been removed and beat against the wall. The unidentifiable meat in front of her was unappetizing to begin with, but the condition of her stomach made it nearly inedible. Nausea rolled in her gut at just the thought of trying. Already she was dreading the following day, and she was only halfway through this one. How exactly did someone survive the academy?
She picked her head back up, not wanting to look as pitiful as she felt. She’d been punished with extra laps for falling so far behind the rest that they had lapped her repeatedly. Even with the burning shame, she couldn’t have gone any faster if her life had depended on it. By the time she’d gotten to lunch it was starting to clear out and everyone she knew had been gone. 
Just as she was about to give up on making herself finish the meal, Eban sat across from her, plate in hand. Leah was grateful for the excuse not to move.
“You look…alive.”
She had forgotten for a moment how sore she was but was reminded by weak protestations from her entire body as she shifted on the bench. 
“Only just.”
“Do you miss your family yet?” Eban asked, beginning to shovel his food down.
He was so different from Lucien. 
Leah shrugged. There had been too much happening to really miss them, and she was in too much pain right now. “Maybe some. It’s been too busy so far.”
“It’s just your parents, right?”
“Yeah,” Leah said, searching for a way to change the subject before it skipped into dangerous waters. A part of her also detested lying to him. She had never been without a facade, except for at Silas’s home. Even Sandy didn’t completely understand her. She did not want to be playing the part in a story, she wanted to be the part. To be open and truthful, with no secrets: to be seen as she really was. 
“Do you miss home?”
Eban cut into the rubbery broccoli that accompanied the meat, hair falling into his eyes and a faint smile on his face. “Sometimes. Everyone does sometimes even if they won’t admit it, I think. Unless their home really sucked. Anyway, Lamech’s great. Loads of idiots there, and then there’s the docks. My mother hated them, always warning us about going there, so of course we went, never been back since, at least not at night.”
Leah wasn’t even sure what a dock was. It was where ships came in wasn’t it? “What makes it dangerous?” she asked.
“The sailors are just sort of a rougher bunch. Lots of drinking, brawling, and women. We probably wouldn’t have gotten hurt or anything, just not the best of influences. Despite all those people we get from the ships, I miss it. I miss them too. Always something downright odd going down. I miss the fish and the ocean, decent cooking—you know, the usual. Swimming especially. On days like this, me and my friends would be cliff jumping. Until our mothers found us and hauled us home anyways.”
The closest Leah had come to swimming was her fall in the river, forget about cliff jumping if it was what it sounded like.
“Why did you want to be a guard?” she asked him.
He shrugged. “Didn’t really fancy being a tailor, and my father wanted me to do something respectable. Not many families can afford to send their children here. I suppose I should be more grateful. I am, I guess I was just hoping to do something that mattered.”
Leah wondered what that would be. Politics? It was nearly a closed realm to him because of his background. To Leah, the life she had left hadn’t seemed like one that would make a difference anyways. It was curious, him looking the direction she’d come from and her looking the one he didn’t want to go. 
“What about you?” Eban asked. Not too often you find farmers’ kids in here. Especially if they have only one kid.”
Doubt prickled in her, but she’d already paid the tuition fee. Besides, what could she do instead? She barely had a direction as it was.
“Just sort of happened I guess.” Which was true. She thought she had been making a choice, but really it was just Stella. It seemed Sandy was right. Docile, willing to follow whatever hand directed her. “Actually a little bit unexpected...with my uncle’s death and all. I never thought I’d be here.” Some of her appetite came back as they talked, and she managed to force a little bit more of her meal down before they got up to leave.
“I’ll see you later then.”
“Yeah, see you tomorrow probably,” Eban responded grinning.
Leah wondered if indeed he would.
Her class wasn’t for a little bit, so she sat on the steps of the educational building to watch the class in session. It was clearly a level one class from the large number of students and the appalling use of practice swords. It was like watching a couple of juvenile roosters spar that had just come out of a particularly bad fight the day previous. Some were reserved and at all costs avoided the reckless swinging of their partners, while others recklessly swung on, seemingly unaware or beyond caring of the injury done to or by them.  
Mr. Bjorhus was concentrated on just one sparring pair of the dozens on the field, but he seemed to be losing patience with them. He kept stopping them and starting them again. Leah realized he was trying to get the shorter of the two kids to perform a basic block, but the student missed every time. 
“Enough,” he growled finally, loud enough Leah could hear it. He pushed the other student aside and faced the wayward student himself. The student visibly paled despite the heat. Mr. Bjorhus continued to speak, but Leah could no longer pick out the words. He moved slowly, performing the same strike, and walked the student through the parry and riposte. Leah read his lips say ‘good’ in response. Mr. Bjorhus moved a little faster. He smacked the kid for every time he failed to execute that particular block, and the student slowly began to pick it up, the superfluous energy of his previous wild swings wilting into a more efficient parry.
A student closer to Leah was wielding his mock sword like a club. It was so atrocious even Leah was tempted to seize the sword from his hand. She watched as Mr. Bjorhus worked his way around the group, correcting the worst of habits, yet letting quite a bit slide. Leah understood why after watching the second student. There was only so much he could do. If she had shown up here with no prior experience, she would’ve been herded in with the rest, simply made passable. After about fifteen minutes, Mr. Bjorhus dismissed his class. A burly looking student with a straight nose and rather unruly hair kicked dirt at her as he passed by. 
“What are you looking at half-wit? Are you in group four? You’re obviously a newbie, but if you're hoping to pick up some moves here, you’ve been watching the wrong people.”
Leah was so surprised to be addressed, much less singled out for derision, that she stared up at him for a moment. Pick up some moves? 
“If I was intending to pick up some moves, I’d have been better off watching a group of gorillas than your class,” she said.
The boy glanced at his friends. “Do you hear that? I think this little paedi is getting fresh with us. I’ve got news for you pretty boy, attitude like that requires a skill level beyond that of keeping your father’s books.”
He shoved Leah’s shoulders hard, making her back crack against the steps before placing his boot on her chest and grinding her harder against them. Leah glanced at his friends as she gripped his boot. “I can tell just from looking at you. You haven’t worked a day in your life. You don’t know what work is. But, seeing as I have fitness class in five, I’ll be forgiving today. The last thing I need is you wasting any more of my time.” He gave her one last shove with his boot before turning to walk away, his strides long and confident.
Leah shook the dust off of her shirt. She was no good at this.
It wasn’t long before other students began to show up, most in a rush just before two-thirty. They picked up practice swords before resuming their conversations, sometimes scuffles ensuing as they fought over a coveted practice sword. Leah stood from the steps and walked over to the rack. She quickly discovered why they had been so eager for first pick. All the swords were battered, but many were misbalanced, and some were large and unwieldy while others looked thin enough that they might snap during a particularly vigorous sparring session. After experimentally swinging a sword that was weighted so heavily at the tip that it was hard to keep it steady, Leah settled on one that was slightly bowed in the middle, not because it was any good but because the rest of the students had converged on the rack and she was afraid if she put it back she’d get something worse. 
Half the group began to assemble into what might be called a rectangle for lack of a better word and she sensed the teacher had arrived. It took her several long moments to locate him because he blended in so well with them. He had a general air of scruffiness and unkemptness that didn’t match the ornate sword strapped to his waist. His shirt was loose and ragged, paired with yellowed shorts that looked like they’d endured the same abuse as Stella’s garments. He was wiry but muscular and had thick stubble that was either the beginning of a beard, or just a week’s worth of laziness. His hair was longer than most adults, and he shook it out of his eyes as he moved to the front of the group of students. 
“All right everyone. All right,” he said a little louder. “It’s time to get started.”
The rest of the students shuffled into place behind her. She caught sight of Carlyle and Luke, but they were on the other side of the group. She looked ahead, resigned to staying where she was at least for the time being, and recognized Eban’s profile. Were they friendly enough? She’d just seen him. But he had sat with her at lunch. Because he felt sorry for her? A kid not far from her farted loud enough that the group within a twenty-foot radius looked back, most snickering. Eban was grinning as well, and when he spotted her, he motioned with his head for her to join him. Amid the commotion of growing laughter, she edged through the crowd until she was next to him. 
“Quiet down, quiet down,” Rob called from the front, his voice pitching higher as he tried to be louder. “Spread out so you can practice forms.” 
Eban began shifting through several sword stances so Leah followed suit, feeling slightly out of place for being a split second behind. Rob made his way among the rows correcting positioning. After about ten minutes of this he called for them to split into pairs. 
Eban raised his eyebrows at her. “Wanna spar with me?”
“Sure,” she responded, and they moved to a more open area. “So we’re just sparring, no sets or anything?”
“Yeah,” he said with a little smirk. “I didn’t know you were in this class.” Leah wondered if he was any good but was suddenly confident that she was at least much better than he thought she was. Good enough to win by surprise. Maybe good enough to win anyways in this place. But it seemed too early to hope.
 “Are you ready?” he asked lazily, his fine sandy hair glinting golden in the bright sunlight. Leah nodded. 
He struck first and hard, but Leah deflected it, and the momentum of the swing carried him slightly forward and to the side. She tried to take what should have been an easy hit to his ribs but stumbled instead to regain her footing when he used his momentum to barrel into her, his shoulder knocking some of the breath out of her. Leah had not anticipated this and had a hard time recovering. She took several steps back from Eban to cover her temporary vulnerability, but he pursued, trying to regain his center of balance as he went. His strikes were slipshod, but effective in their unorthodoxness. Leah had almost fallen over in her hasty retreat when she saw an opportunity. After deflecting another weighty blow, she struck him hard in the chest with her point, continuing to push to regain some space between herself and him. Eban stumbled backwards and kneaded his chest, shooting Leah a reproachful look.
“There’s still a point on that,” he muttered.
“Sorry,” Leah said breathing hard. “Got a little carried away...interesting technique...yours I mean.”
Technique was perhaps a little strong of word to use for his...particular method. 
He smirked as they retreated to where they’d begun. “If that’s what you call it. Rob calls it fighting like a drunk man for his wallet.” Leah smiled. It was accurate. Eban struck without warning and Leah didn’t side step quickly enough, resulting in a stinging collarbone.
“Ow!” she exclaimed as she rubbed the smarting skin.
“No warnings in real fights,” he said with a grin and attacked again. He was dirty. Dirtier than a three-year-old fighting to get out of church. They fought several bouts without Rob making it over to them, but he glanced in their direction occasionally, maybe to make sure their breaks weren’t too long. Leah was used to sparring for this length of time, but the heat overhead made it considerably worse, and her throat was parched. There was a spicket outside, but none of the other students went to it, so Leah waited. Rob made it around to them near the end and watched them spar for several minutes. Eban fought a little cleaner, with more attention to detail. He was passably good and could have been much better if he wanted to be. Rob made a subtle gesture with his hand for them to stop.
“You still need to work on your stance Eban. Without good balance you’ll be easily exploited. Focus on that, not just winning the match.” He shook his hair out of his eyes and turned to Leah.
“What’s your name?”
“Sam Beital.”
“Your form is pretty decent, and you play excellent defense. You’re also pretty quick, but I think you focus a little too much on execution. Swordplay is primarily about skill and who has best developed it, but it can also be a head game—especially if you are against Eban. Don’t just react, act.”
He waved for them to keep sparring and continued to watch them.
“Feet a little closer together, no don’t stop, keep going.” He’d been instructing Eban who had stopped to listen.
Leah whacked Eban in the thigh and he scowled at her as he rubbed the spot. No doubt she’d get retribution for that. Rob was smiling though.
They continued sparring, with Rob providing instruction as they went. Leah privately disagreed with some of it, but didn’t have much choice.
“Keep working on your feet Eban,” he said before meandering over to the next group. Leah grew in confidence the more she won. The feeling was new to her, at least in swordplay, and she savored the elation. This was what it was like.
Too soon the class was over and the students were dispersing to the education building and into Drewton. It was one of the latest classes of the day and she’d learned last night most students hired out for the late afternoon and evening as hands for farmers or spent the rest of the day in the city. Eban had left with several of his friends, and she had lost track of Carlyle and Luke, not that she would have comfortable playing tag-along anyways. Leah began walking towards the education building, not wanting to stand in the dusty courtyard while everyone else left. 
Maybe there was a library. Leah didn’t especially enjoy reading, but she liked libraries. Maybe it was the solitude. Her father had never sought her out while she was in the library. 
She slipped past the door to Mr. Raden’s office and down long hallways of classrooms mostly empty of students. The building was cooler than the outside air, and Leah felt it begin to dry the sweat across her face. She ran a hand through her hair wet at the temples with it. 
If there was a library, it wasn’t on this floor. She came to a set of steps so worn they’d lost their dark stain, but hesitated. She sighed and began to mount them slowly, turning after the first half flight. Her thighs burned in agony and she thought of how easily that she had ascended to her room back home, the tallest part of the castle. 
As she came off on the flight of the second floor, she heard the steady fall of quick steps down the staircase leading to the third floor. She remembered then that that floor was for the third-level students. She glanced up and caught the eyes of several intense looking kids. One was short and wiry with a fresh set of stitches running up his neck and stained knuckles. The other had a shock of dark hair and small, brooding eyes. The shorter young man glanced at Leah dismissively, and the other did not take notice of her at all. What did they do at the third level? 
They continued down the steps and Leah continued to search for the library down the dusty hall of the second floor. She didn’t have to look far before she found it, and was surprised that no one else was in it; books were expensive. Apparently, there weren’t any opportunists that made it this far up the stairs. It was the size of several large classrooms, and had a general air of neglect. The window’s light was filmy from layers of grime, and from the doorway she couldn’t even tell if it was overcast or sunny outside. Dust collected in the corners of the room and on the books and shelves, so thick that the whole room had a grey tone to it.
Leah walked over to the window and looked out through the distorted view to the other buildings and courtyard. Students had begun an intense game of hutchin in the middle of it. Leah watched for a moment. She was unsure of the exact rules since she had never played.
Her thoughts turned to Silas and Ethel, but rather than the usual warmth she felt, a pitted feeling formed in her chest. Two years here was a long time. Leah turned from the window and approached the closest bookshelf. She began pulling books at random, perusing the pages as stiff as the day they were bought before reshelving them. A thinner book with an embossed spine caught her eye and she pulled it out. Inside it read A Collection of Common Folk Tales Created and Handed Down by the People of the Melia Continent. This was followed by a list of short story titles beginning with The Flightless Dragon, The Brave Princess, and Elder. She vaguely recognized about a third of them as she skimmed down the list. The last title was Wondit’s Passage. Leah frowned as a hazy memory skimmed the edges of her mind. She flipped to the story, the uneven cut of the pages rough under her thumb. Page thirty-two. 
Wondit was known by all his friends and family as the hardest working man they had ever known. He was up the earliest, and out as long as the sun would allow, back bent under the fierce bite of it. Yet he did not mind the tiresome work of sowing the ground and weeding out the thistles and thorns, saying it was good honest work, and it made him a good honest man. 
His farm bordered a meadow full of the most beautiful blossoms, and one day he saw a fair maiden walking through his field. Her locks were as fine and silken as corn hair, gleaming a dark black in the bright sun. Wondit stared until he realized why he did not know her. Her dress was neat and clean, with the fine stitch and embroidery of silver coin.
It came to her then, the faintest of recollections of her father reading to her late one night when her stomach hurt. Leah closed the book and ran a hand over the grainy cover. The girl was a Landgraf’s daughter she remembered, and because of that Wondit and her were never allowed to be together. She didn’t remember the rest, only that she hadn’t liked the ending. She was just slipping it back onto the shelf when someone cleared his throat behind her, startling her. The book fell to the floor with a loud slap. She hastily crouched to retrieve it and returned it to its place before turning to see the geography teacher Mr. Lewis behind her. He straightened his shirt before smiling at her.
“Found the library already? Some students never do.”
She smiled nervously at his joke. “I can tell.”
He stretched his arms upwards and ran his eyes over the shelves. “Knowledge, isn’t it glorious?” He seemed to forget her as he surveyed the multitude of books. Leah wouldn’t call it glorious, but then she wasn’t so sure that these books really held everything he seemed to think they did. 
The silence stretched out, becoming as stale as the dust on the shelves as Leah searched for something to say.
“I don’t suppose you know of any books that could help me in ec-economics?”
He came back down to earth a little and focused on her again. He seemed to think for a moment and then he said, “Most of the modern books I keep in my classroom, we can go now and fetch one or you can just come in any time.” 
“Now would be fine,” Leah said, not really wanting the book, but wanting even less to be in the library alone with him. The atmosphere had seemed to change, giving way from a whimsical forgotten place to a barren and unloved abode as unfeeling as her father.
She followed him out of the library and back down the stairs. Her limbs had stiffened and she was exceedingly grateful he was in front so he wouldn’t see her grimaces of pain as they descended. He glanced back and Leah hastily masked her expression, but she wasn’t sure that the inquisitive look she’d opted for was much better. 
“I hear you were placed in the second level with your swordplay Mr... I’m sorry I forget.
“Beital.”
“Mr. Beital.”
“Yeah, I’ve been taught before. A little.”
“How fortunate. Not many have that opportunity. Was your family well off then?” Leah almost said yes, but then remembered she’d told Eban something else.
“They did all right, but I received my training from a relative.”
“It is unfortunate that there are so many unable to pursue whatever career they desire is it not? Even the humble life of a guard is beyond the reach of so many due to the expense of the academy.” 
“Oh, yes,” Leah said when it became apparent he was waiting for a reply. She wished she could make more intelligent conversation, but she didn’t really know anything, or rather she hadn’t cared to know anything before; it had all just been about her and what she had to know to fool her father. In that way, it felt like not that much of her life had changed, she was just fooling a different crowd now.
They reached the classroom, and he opened the door to let her in before entering behind her. A squat bookcase sat in the back of the room and he knelt in front of it skimming his fingers over the spines. After several seconds he spotted the book he was looking for and pulled it off the shelf.
“Here you go. It’s the most current available but still five or so years out of date, which isn’t unusual in books covering more contemporary subjects. By the time you get everything together to publish it’s already out of date. That’s also why they’re so thin; it’s cheaper to produce them. Nobody wants to pay too much money for a book that will only be relevant for a few years. The capital’s library has all sorts of these books in order by date. If you were a real enthusiast you could go to their library and get the most accurate information. Study how history seems to change over the centuries but doesn’t really.”
His eyes twinkled as he handed her the volume. Leah supposed this was about as enthusiastic a student as he usually taught. She took the book from him.
“Thank you, Mr. Lewis.” She moved to leave but he started to speak again.
“Knowing the problems of the modern age makes us want to do something to change them.”
He looked at her, waiting, but she didn’t know what to say. She agreed, but she had never been in much of a position to do anything about it, and the poor were not as numerous in Twilfur as she was beginning to see they were in other places.
“Yes,” she said, but she had waited too long.
He smiled again, but the twinkle had vanished from his eyes. Leah sensed he was disappointed in her. In a way she was too.
“Well I guess you’d better get going, I have some books I wanted to read from the library and you probably have plenty to do.”
“Yes, thanks again Mr. Lewis,” Leah said. Regret burned in her as she felt she had missed an opportunity. What had he been offering? A chance to make a difference? She was willing, simply just not a conversationalist. She should have answered quicker, with more conviction.
He smiled again. “Of course, bring it back quickly lest I have to hunt you down for the hoard of other students that have been dying to read it.” He smiled again, and Leah smiled back finding that she was beginning to like this skinny, bespectacled history teacher after all.

	

Chapter Nine

She caught sight of Eban first when she was looking for a table to eat dinner, but his was full of raucously laughing students, so she continued to search for Luke and his group instead. They had shifted tables, but still sat all together with the sort of ease of groups nearly as comfortable as family. Leah approached them, intimidated by that thought, and sat in the only open space next to Thiede. He was the most formidable of the group and gave no indication he’d even noticed her joining them. Luke and Mason both grunted out a “Hey,” and “Hello.”
“Hello,” Leah responded as she picked up her fork, scratching a bit of dried something off one of the prongs.
They resumed their conversation. “I really don’t think Mr. Bjorhus likes me,” Mason said as he added a large forkful of whatever it was they were eating to his already full mouth. Leah had never seen or eaten anything like it. It looked like they’d taken all the leftovers in the kitchen, mixed them together, and baked them in pans.
“What is this?” she muttered.
“A crime against humanity, surely,” Thiede responded darkly. Carlyle was the only other one that heard him and smiled.
“Is your stomach going to make it this time, res?” he asked quietly.
“Shut up paedi.”
Leah’s attention jumped back to Luke and Mason’s conversation when Carlyle didn’t respond.
“He told me I was wasting my family’s money and his time if I didn’t get my boat plugged and sailable.”
“Sounds like Mr. Bjorhus. His tolerance of...uh...his tolerance isn’t so good,” Luke finished, trying to swallow a smile.
Mason sighed in long suffering. “I’m not sure he’ll ever pass me off for the first level. I can’t pay again, even if I could afford to.”
“You’re not wasting anyone’s time or money,” Luke said, suddenly sympathetic. You’ll pass it soon. You’re pretty close.”
“Even you already passed the fitness level one,” Mason said morosely.
Leah wondered again about that, but thought there was no polite way to investigate that subject.
Mr. Valier cut me some slack, said I did good enough for my size.”
“But you were still faster than I was.”
“I’m sure you’re faster now Dim,” Luke said, but he was grinning again.
Mason sighed again, and dug back into his food. 
“How come you didn’t come spar with us Lamb?” Luke asked, turning on his bench slightly to face her.
“Didn’t see you at first, and I saw another kid I recognized,” she responded.
Luke rolled his eyes. “Barely learned your name and you’re already ditching us.” He leaned one beefy forearm on the tabletop as he ate and somehow, she wasn't surprised that he had been faster than Mason. That wasn’t saying much however. She was faster than Mason.
Leah played card games that evening with Luke and Carlyle. Thiede apparently joined occasionally, and Mason seldom because of homework from Mr. Lewis. The night air was cool against her face after the stifling heat of the dining hall as she left, and the moonlight illuminated the open courtyard fringed by black shadows of trees as she walked. She was surprised at how natural it felt to be part of their group. How easy it was compared to her futile efforts to fit in among the other nobility. They didn’t really know her she supposed. And their group was obviously not the most...sought after. Still.  
The stairs to the second floor were agony on her legs, and she gripped the grimy handrail as she went up, trying not to think too hard about several slick spots. She navigated around the patches of carpet, and at last let herself in the dark room, muttering “Light,” as she did so. The bed groaned in protest as she sat, sinking in the middle as though Luke had sat on it rather than she. She should shower, not that she had anything clean to wear. 
After several minutes, she slowly unlaced her boots and tugged them off. With a sigh, she laid back, her stiff muscles relaxing in painful relief, weighing down into the thin mattress. Suddenly the length of the day, and the abuse her body had taken descended in full force, and Leah felt too tired to even shift into a more comfortable position, or crawl under the blanket.
“Dark,” she whispered, and sleep followed not long after the light left the room, saving her just in time from drowning in her thoughts.
She had difficulty coming to the next morning when her alarm went off. It took her several long moments to realize what it was, and several more to turn it off, by which time something had been thrown in her general direction, clattering off of the wall. She groaned as she pushed herself out of bed, and even more as her body protested any movement. The worst part was not the soreness, but the feeling as if she hadn’t slept at all, just rested long enough to get stiff. Just as walking was starting to feel tolerable, she came to the stairs and the agony started fresh. 
Everything in this place should be on the same level. 
She breakfasted with Mason again before they slouched behind the buildings. He looked about how she felt.
This time Leah was put in the running group first. After running for over an hour and a half straight the previous day, fifteen laps no longer seemed so long, but her stride felt leaden in a way it hadn’t yesterday as she ran. Today, she didn’t even pay attention to who passed her, living in a sort of numbness. By the time she made it the obstacle course she felt like it was too much effort to even stand. Her legs kept wanting to buckle and her calves felt tight whenever she stood still. She shifted to ward off the worst of it as she hung near the back of the line.
All too soon, Leah was flat on her stomach, dreading the blow of the student’s whistle as she fixated on a small grain of sandy dirt. She wished she had died in the forest. No, she wished she’d never had to leave. That she was even now sweating because she was nervous to get married, not because she wasn’t even sure if she could get off the ground. She might not have had a very good idea of how to be a lady, but she definitely didn’t know how to do this. Her face burned in shame. This was what she had always wanted, wasn’t it?
The hours were too early...the days were too long...
 It came and Leah stumbled to her feet, trying to push forward. The ground sped under her feet despite how much slower she could feel she was going than yesterday. She barely made it over the first bar, her right foot grazing the unforgiving metal and she forced herself to jump a little higher on the next one. She only just made it over them all and her slow mind had momentarily forgot about the pits until one jarred through her vision, a dark brown against the tawny dirt. Her feet felt clumsy, more so than they’d ever felt before and were too slow to respond to another pit she tried to avoid. 
She fell hard, her shoulder skidding roughly on the dirt and her mind trying to catch up with what had just happened. It took her precious moments to get back to her feet and off again, face burning. Why was she so much worse today?
Leah was behind, but not by as much as she thought when she began her ascent. She fell a little further behind on the ropes, and was unable to make it up during the last stretch. 
“First one clear. You can run again after this next group,” the student helper said to her once they had both finished.
The other group took off and Leah settled down in the dust again on her stomach. There was only one more set after her. If she failed again, she would have to run again straight anyways. How many times had Eban said? Five? Leah rested her forehead in the dust in dismay, but pulled it up again, brushing off the dust in embarrassment and trying to steel herself. He blew the whistle, taking her by surprise, but she managed to make it to her feet a split second after the other student running with her. Leah had not fully caught her breath from the last run, and she knew before she’d even reached the pits, that she was not going to make it this time either. She settled by trying not to look how she felt and trying not to fall again. She came in a way behind the other kid, and was unsurprisingly instructed to run again. 
“You can wait for this group to finish though. If one of them doesn’t make time, you can run again with him. I don’t think he will.” Leah saw that it was a student who had been ahead of her, that meant that he’d already run the track at least once more than her. The student didn’t clear, and the student with the whistle gave him about thirty seconds to catch his breath. Leah saw his eyes flicking to Mr. Valier habitually, and she had a feeling he wasn’t supposed to let them. He was a different student than yesterday.
“All right,” he said, glancing again at Mr. Valier. “You two had better run again.”
Leah and the other student got down on their bellies and waited. Three more to go. The whistle was strangely tinny and distant to her senses, as though she was experiencing it through someone else. The hardened ground gripped her shoes as she dug in with the balls of her feet, trying to take advantage of the brief refresh of her energy before it bled away into the dry earth. Mason’s yellowed shirt caught her eye as he ran along the track before he passed out of her vision. The kid next to her was pulling slightly ahead, and Leah abjectly studied the glistening moisture on the back of his neck, before she turned her sluggish mind to the pits. Focus. Don’t trip. 
She tried to keep pace with the other student even though she knew it would not mean she would pass. She at least had to try. Leah came in behind him, but just barely. Mr. Valier was making his way to their group, his short pace suggesting that they were behind schedule.
“Again,” the student said evenly, and Leah dropped heavily to her knees.
“Just a minute,” the other kid said, running drunkenly to the edge of the clearing and puking in the foliage. Laughter burst out amongst the ranks of students just as Mr. Valier arrived.
“Was he the last one?”
“No, we also have this student.”
The young man came jogging back, smiling even as he wiped his mouth.
The other students quieted at Mr. Valier’s arrival, but one called, “You go Erwin. fifth time’s the charm.”
Mr. Valier head snapped to look at the group and they hushed immediately. Erwin’s smile lost some of its luster as he fell to his stomach next to Leah, but he stilled grinned morosely as he looked at her. 
“Same thing happened yesterday.”
The whistle blew sharply and they both took off. His performance struck a glimmer of dry humor into the agonizing situation, and Leah smiled briefly before it fell away into the pits. She pulled ahead of him and finished far enough ahead that she watched him crawl beneath the bars and finish. 
“Are you reversing now?” Mr. Valier asked, smoothing his mustache impatiently.
“He has one last lap,” the student said, gesturing to Leah.
“Well get him going then,” Mr. Valier said angrily. “The course is empty, there is no need for him to watch the other student finish.”
“O-of course, sir,” the other student amended, gesturing hurriedly for Leah to come to the line again.
Leah felt dead to it all, thinking of the reversal still ahead of her, and the other exercises after that. And then her second class. Even her thoughts grew dim though as she took off again, and she thought of nothing but the placement of her feet as she ran trying to make them go just a little bit faster. She could tell she wasn’t running fast enough though. Mr. Valier’s eyes were baleful and bore into her as she finished, the last stretch the most difficult. Leah had not been able to get enough air between runs and her throat burned in a horrible sort of raw way as she rejoined her peers, looking down to avoid eye contact. 
“What was that?!” Mr. Valier shouted, pacing closer to her, his face red in her peripherals, and his visible lip trembling under the mustache so close now that his spittle hit her in the eye. “You did not come to the academy to tiptoe through the tulips. The point of the course is to run. Now run it!” He shoved Leah forward by the shoulder back towards the starting line marked in the hard beat earth. She stumbled and tripped on feet made clumsy by exhaustion. She caught herself on her hands, lowering herself to her stomach a little way behind the line. A little too far, but it hardly mattered. She was distantly aware of the unusual quiet as the other students watched her. Leah was not the worst, just in the wrong place at the wrong time. At least that was what she would believe. She was capable, she was. She was.
“Go!” Mr. Valier cried, not waiting for the student. Leah’s feet felt like they were clad in a set of wooden shoes as she launched to them, trying to get them to move in a semblance of a sprint. It was hard to even think straight and she didn’t even realize she was jumping the bars until she was already over the second. Her legs burned and her fingers had gone numb, but she found that somehow almost against belief, she was able to run faster, her body seeming to go beyond her mind and doing what it was supposed to. It was clumsy, and all she was aware of was pain, but she made it across the line on legs she hadn’t thought could go any farther. Mr. Valier slapped her hard on the back as she came across the line.
“Good job. No more of this jogging. My grandmother could have run faster than that. Five attempts is not a free pass. If I see any more of this strolling through the obstacle course from any of you there will be no limit to how many times you run it. Now again.” The student hesitated before reversing the track. 
Leah hung in the middle of the line, not wanting a repeat of the last time, but also wanting to give herself enough of a break that she would have a chance at passing it the first time. She almost thought she drifted off standing up as so suddenly she was at the front of the line, a kid nudging her from behind. It was Erwin. 
“You got this buddy.”
“Thanks,” Leah managed as she fell to the dirt again, too tired to be offended at being called buddy. The kid who puked everyday felt sorry for her. Well at least the students here were nice.
Mr. Valier had been doubling the number of students rerunning the race, even if they made time, shouting wrathfully the whole time about shoddy performance and lazy students, so at least she’d have some company as she reran it five times, hopefully not six again.
The whistle blew, and she tried to take off quickly but her legs resisted, and she had trouble getting her feet under her. The pits were brutal as she tried to keep with it, forcing her legs to change direction and respond quickly. She was falling behind, too far behind. Mr. Valier was yelling, but she didn’t even bother listening. Just finish it. And then she could stand in peace for a few minutes.
“Again,” Mr. Valier said to her before the student could say anything. Leah got back in line, but Mr. Valier gripped her arm and drug her forward. “When I say again, I mean now. Is this some sort of joke to you? Whatever anyone told you, the academy is not a joke, and someday lives may depend on you. I pray they do not, but if so, it won’t be because of any shortcomings of my training. Now run!” 
Leah took off again, running solo, vaguely aware that she was running in a drunken curve at first. She corrected it. The pits were coming up, and she unconsciously veered to go around them before she caught herself. Come on. Faster. She had to go faster or she would have to run it again, and again. Except no matter what she told herself it wouldn’t work. Instead, memories interrupted her dogged thoughts. Of Miss Wevir’s dismissive expressions, Lucien’s outright contempt, and her father’s apathy. Never quite good enough. Leah brushed the thoughts aside, but not before her foot caught on a pit and she went sprawling, again jarring her shoulder hard and knocking the air out of her. Leah gasped, trying to regain her breath and struggling disorientedly to get to her feet. Suddenly Mr. Valier was upon her, grasping the front of shirt and pulling her up the rest of the way. In her dazed state Leah struggled to read his expression.
“Go! Run! Don’t stop until I tell you to.” He threw her towards the track and Leah started to run, shambling along.
“I SAID RUN!” Mr. Valier screamed. Her trembling legs managed to push off a little harder and faster, shame providing her just enough energy. Mr. Valier turned back to the obstacle course and all Leah saw was her feet coming in and out of her vision.
Her mind felt full of dandelion fluff and her thoughts came and went disjointedly. At times she seemed to completely lose sense of everything, but then she would come to and notice the groups of students passing her, then the changing of the groups. And then the students began to empty the field. She didn’t dare stop running. Had he forgotten, or did he simply intend for her to run like this until she passed out? He disappeared for several minutes, long enough she almost stopped, but then he returned with a pad of paper in hand. He leaned up against the back wall of the building and started writing on it. 
Leah had never thought of herself as weak. In fact, because of her training with Silas, she had always felt that she must be exceptionally strong for a girl, but she was starting to realize that that wasn’t true. Her life had been that of luxury, never a full day of actual work. Her training with Silas had been paltry compared to what she was doing now. She’d never ran anywhere that she hadn’t wanted to, never been pushed like this. She was weak. Useless. Good for nothing but to live off of the work of others like a fatted pig. Lucien had been right, in every regard.
Her pace had become so steady and rhythmic that she almost wondered if it would be harder to stop than to keep going. It didn’t seem to matter because Mr. Valier didn’t call for her to stop. Her impatience grew, and then faded away into hopelessness. She realized, with horror, that he might just let her run until the next class started, or even through the next class. Leah hoped desperately to keep herself going, that it was only until the next class started, and she looked at the time piece every lap around. Eight ten. Eight thirteen. Shoot me, she thought. Run me through. She resolved not to look at the timepiece.
 A lap, then another. She fought the urge not to look at the timepiece again. It had been at least a little while. Eight thirty maybe, except that was almost as unbearable as it was a stretch. Eight fifty would be unbearable. 
Eight eighteen. This was haties. This place was haties and she’d only been here two days. Who did she think she was? Two years of this place? She’d sooner crawl back into the forest and die.
Leah had stopped sweating as profusely, but the sun felt hotter than ever, and her throat was parched. She watched Mr. Valier for entertainment, though he didn’t provide much. Eight twenty-seven. Half an hour more. Half an hour more. Her thoughts began to lose their distinctness again and Leah watched the ground blur under her feet. Raindrops began to wet the back of her neck, starting out as a few intermittent drops and then blending into a steady downpour.
The students for the following class started showing up at about five minutes to the hour. Mr. Valier had left, and they watched Leah while they talked. She made out Carlyle’s tall figure but didn’t meet his eye. Mr. Valier returned at nine sharp and motioned to Leah. It was disorienting to stop, and as she focused on the usually simple task of walking, her head spun and she struggled to make her steps look normal.
“You are in this class, right?”
Leah nodded, hating her stupid, foolish, self.
Mr. Valier jerked his head. “Well go join them then.”
Every movement felt unnatural and her vision didn’t seem quite right. Things moved more than they should and kept moving even after she joined the line of students and held completely still. Was she about to pass out? The trees held steady at last and she let out of breath of disappointment at the loss of the possibility of escape. She heard someone come up behind her. Probably Carlyle. 
Before he could speak to her Mr. Valier began dividing them up into groups and they went their separate ways.
It was indeed worse than the running, if that were possible. Leah was lost and confused as her fellow students did a series of jumps, climbing, and arm exercises. Her foot caught on a bar she was so exhausted, and she fairly face-planted it in the fresh mud the rain was creating. Leah wiped it away from the upper portion of her face so it wouldn’t get in her eyes as she got back to her feet, the squelch of footsteps surrounding her. The rain was increasing in intensity and it stripped the rest of the grit from her face. Get moving, get moving. She began jumping the bars again, but the field was getting slicker and slicker, and she fell more often than she kept her feet. She wasn’t the only one. Mr. Valier combed his mustache with tense fingers, and yelled at students who lagged behind or didn’t get up fast enough.
It was agony. Leah did not know how she finished it, but she wouldn’t have if Mr. Valier hadn’t cut her the slack he did. He completely ignored her during the duration of the second class until he clapped her again on the shoulder on her way out. 
Her stomach felt knotted, and her bowels were starting to twist as she turned up for lunch—a crusty bread and cheese sandwich. 
“You don’t look good,” Thiede commented as she sat down.
Leah grunted noncommittally, unsure of what else to say, and not caring enough to try. She wished she had just gone to sit outside.
Luke glanced her over as well. “Hasn’t had to visit the infirmary yet, so not that bad.”
Thiede snorted. He caught Leah’s eyes, and she thought she almost detected a glimmer of sympathy in them. 
“Did Mr. Valier have you run the whole hour between classes?” Carlyle asked as he sat next to her.
Leah nodded. “I was doing pretty foul at the obstacle course. Told me to start running, and not to stop until he said to.” She stared at the food, suddenly knowing with surety that if she ate much of anything she would be hurling before weaponry class. It was hard to think about anything but the intense discomfort in her stomach.
They made noises of sympathy. “Did that to Orton one time after class, though that was for talking back. Made him run until his weaponry class that afternoon, not that he ever made it there,” Luke said. “Complained of stomach cramps and I think his roommate James said he didn’t get out of bed until the next morning. Just lay curled up and groaned all night.”
The pain in her stomach was getting worse. Leah got up suddenly.
“Excuse me,” she said, walking quickly towards the door and leaving her tray behind. The discomfort was sharpening into painful flares that made it difficult to walk with her back straight. She just had to lay down. Several shoulders hit her as she walked along with her head down. It’s not far, not far, she thought. Her stomach suddenly clenched and Leah hunched slightly over against her will, but continued to walk. The door to the dormitories hit her leg as she went through and she almost fell in her weakened state, the grimy handrail saving her like a gift from the heavens. The sight of her door at the end of the hallway was much the same; she’d never thought a vandalized door profaning her mother could look so good. Leah fell onto the bed and curled up, shifting to her knees and elbows when that seemed to make things worse. The pain came and went in waves, peaking about an hour after class. She’d never been in so much pain, and strangled her pillow beneath her chest and legs as she waited for it to abate. She would have gotten up to go to the infirmary if she could have managed it, but the thought of moving seemed to make the tension flare. She couldn’t do this, she really couldn’t. They were all right. This was no place for a woman, least of all Leah. 
Pull yourself together, she thought harshly, angry at her own thoughts. She would prove them wrong, she would. She would. Except she didn’t know if she could. Wanting to wasn’t enough. That small voice in her head, the rational one wondered if she had the capability. 
By the time her weapon’s class time was approaching she felt well enough to go, and drug herself out of bed, not wanting to be alone with her thoughts any longer. She would do it, she just needed to stop thinking so much. Her stomach was sore and she tried not to jostle it too much as she descended the stairs.
She showed up for her weapons class and was surprised to see a rack of bows and a line of targets on the other side of the courtyard. Leah looked at Luke in mild confusion.
He laughed at her. “We just finished up the unit on swordplay, you missed it. The two units are basically sword and bow and arrow. They throw in a few weeks with the axe and other weapons, but really just to see if there’s anyone who might specialize in them. There isn’t hardly anyone that ever does though. Anyways, once you’ve completed all the units, you pick a weapon and move onto the third level for specialized training. Only if you’re good enough though, of course. Too many students. They don’t want to waste their time on the mediocre people.”
Leah hoped she amounted to something more than mediocre, although judging by that morning she was doubtful. Who used axes anyway?
They walked over to the rack. “If you ask Rob though, he’d probably let you borrow a couple of practice swords and we can practice sometime if you want. I can teach you a few things.”
“I will then,” Leah said, some of the disappointment dissipating. Maybe Luke wasn’t half bad. It would mean more exercise though. 
She needed to pass level one fitness as soon as possible. Already she dreaded the following day.
Rob showed up looking as scruffy as the previous day. He began by explaining the different types of bows and what they were generally used for. Leah had understood that there was the crossbow and the other kind—recurve as Rob called it, but also learned there was the longbow, and a variety in between. They would focus on the recurve and crossbow, starting with the crossbow. Leah had never much admired the weapon, but was impressed despite herself as Rob shot a bolt all the way to the feathered end in a target from over a hundred yards away with his specially made crossbow. She was less impressed when she learned theirs wouldn’t be able to do that, and they would be shooting at only thirty yards. 
There weren’t as many crossbows as practice swords, so they split into groups of three or four to handle them. Leah gravitated towards Luke and Carlyle whom she’d temporarily been separated from.
“Lamb-boy. Good to see you’ve come around,” Luke said as he hefted the implement by the wooden tiller. The craftsmanship was somewhat crude and unfinished, the wood worn smooth only in the places most frequently gripped by students. The metal prod was dented in one place, but mostly pounded back into shape. Leah eyed it as Luke swung it back and up. Would it even shoot straight?
“Although these don’t look quite as official as the standard at the guard, they are just as accurate so please treat the equipment with care,” Rob admonished, giving several groups including theirs a hard eye. He spread them out along the targets so that each group had their own before giving them a crash course and instructing them to begin.
Luke was the only one who claimed to have any experience, although he was suspiciously vague. Leah watched carefully as he planted his foot in the stirrup to hold it in place before drawing back the string into the notch on the roller nut. That done, he hefted the weapon back up before sliding a bolt into place. He peered down the arrow for several long moments, the weapon quavering slightly in his hands as he concentrated. The sound of the bolt shooting off conflated with the clack of the trigger hitting the wooden underside of the stock in one quick burst. Leah nearly missed where the bolt went, but her vision caught the flicker of feathers barely missing not their target, but the next group’s over.
“Some experience,” Carlyle muttered.
Luke was already turning red, but he laughed, and cocked it again. “Warm up. Just you wait Carlyle.”
“Oh, I’m waiting, waiting for you to shoot a student in the backside,” he added on almost inaudibly.
Leah smirked. Rob called for a cease fire after several rounds to allow bolts to be retrieved, buried in whatever errant object they’d found. Leah tugged one from the wooden legs propping up another target with some difficulty. The bolts were short and stout, and looked like they were capable of going through not just one man but several.
 She assumed Carlyle would follow, but he gestured for her to take the crossbow. Leah did so hesitantly, grasping the weapon with careful placement of her fingers. She underestimated the force required to cock it, belied by Rob’s practice and Luke’s strength. Thankfully she did manage it though, her shoulders burning as she lifted it back up. She had never shot a bow and arrow, and tried to follow Rob’s instructions, sighting down the shaft and at the target. It wavered with her breaths and Leah readjusted her slightly damp grip on the smooth underside, trying to find a way to keep it steadier. She breathed out and pulled up on the trigger sending the bolt up and over the target almost faster than she could see. She smiled. Not as bad as Luke’s first attempt. She repeated with the other four bolts, and was pleased when the second to last embedded in the edge of the target. Carlyle was the best of the three of them, shooting quickly, but methodically. He hit the target with two of the four bolts. Leah watched as Rob continued to observe the first group’s last member. He interrupted so often that it was several minutes after everyone else had finished shooting that the first group shot their last bolt.
The class was interesting, although Leah didn’t have any particular desire to further develop the skill. Rob helped her sight better to improve accuracy, and Leah saw some improvement before the class was over.  
Afterwards she approached Rob who was checking the trigger on one of the crossbows.
“Er...Rob, sir?” she asked as she approached him after turning in their crossbow.
“Yes...Sam, right?”
“Uh, yes,” Leah said, impressed that he’d remembered her name. “I was wondering if I could borrow several practice swords to practice with another student in the evenings?”
Rob shook the hair out his eyes, meeting Leah’s with a quiet sort of intensity. “Sure. Come on. We can get you some right now.”
He slouched off towards the educational building and Leah followed a little way behind.
“Did you just graduate from the first level, or did you do well enough on the weapons exam to be placed in the second level?”
“The latter.”
“I thought so. Your form shows the signs of a meticulous teacher, not the first-year corralling. What is your background? Do you come from noble stock, or are just as proletariat as the rest of us?”
Leah didn’t know what proletariat meant, but assumed that would be her category.
“My family are farmers, but I have a relative who knows some swordplay. I was sent to live with him for a while, and... when I got this opportunity, I decided it might be a better fit than farming.” Leah had forgotten which relative she had said earlier that she had gone to live with. A grandpa maybe. That’s what she would have thought of when she thought of Silas.
“What crops did you grow?” Rob asked curiously.
She should have picked a different background. “Sugarcane mostly,” she said, the first crop she could think of. She knew they farmed it near Twilfur because she remembered Ethel talking to a neighbor about it.
“Not really familiar with sugarcane, my family grew mostly hay.”
“What part of Sowik are you from?” Leah asked, trying to direct the conversation away from herself.
“Near Elsberry,” he said as they entered the building and passed Mr. Raden’s office. They were both quiet for a moment as they strode towards the stairs. Instead of going up, Rob led her down into near darkness.
“Never bothered updating the lighting down here,” Rob muttered as he descended. The steps were difficult to make out in the dim light from above, and Leah had to watch her feet most of the way down as the stairs were crumbling in several places. They reached the bottom where a locked door that looked sturdy enough to stand siege barred their way. Rob pulled out a key from around his neck—Leah was surprised she hadn’t seen it before because his shirt was a deeper V than nobility would have found acceptable. He inserted it into the lock, jiggling it into place when it resisted.
“It’s already unlocked,” he said in mild surprise as he turned the key one way and then back the other. He opened the door and said “Light.” The light was weak, casting dark shadows in corners and behind racks of equipment. The mock swords were at the front of the room and Leah wondered who lugged them up during the sword unit or if they just left them out. Rob removed several to hand to Leah after balancing them in his hand. 
“How many did you want?”
“Two is fine…. thank you,” she added.
“Go ahead and go up, I’m just going to check the equipment and make sure nothing important is missing. We had…some third-year equipment go missing just a month ago. It still hasn’t turned up, and the only ones with the keys are President Malcolm, Mr. Bjorhus, and I. Not that it’s exceptionally hard to break into. Hardly top-notch security here.”
“Okay, thanks again.”
“Sure.”
Leah left him walking down the dark aisles, the dim yellow light casting dark shadows over his face.
She was early enough to dinner that neither Eban nor Luke’s group was ahead of her in line. She sat at a lone table and began to eat, studying the other students in line. One student picked his nose and wiped it discreetly on the back of the student ahead of him. She was so engrossed she didn’t notice Eban until he sat down across from her.
“Hello Sam, nick a couple of practice swords?”
Leah blinked as she drug the rest of her attention away from what she’d just witnessed. “I borrowed them from Rob to practice sparring in the evenings.”
“Because you missed most of the unit?”
“Yeah.”
“You’re pretty good already. Better than a lot of the second years. Are you going to specialize in it?”
“If they take me.”
Just then Luke sat down, followed by Carlyle and, with some reluctance, Thiede. 
“Luke,” Luke said, extending a beefy hand to Eban.
“Eban Burchett.”
“Thought it was something like that.”
Mason finished coming through the line and sat down as well. “Mason.”
“Carlyle.”
“And this is Thiede,” Luke said when Thiede was not forthcoming. “He looks a little sour from level three by the looks of it.”
Thiede gave Luke a look that could have frozen the Bemear lake. “Training was fine.”
“We’ve met,” said Eban, his cheeriness dimming. “Thiede and I both come from Iddo.” Luke suddenly looked apprehensive.
“Well Carlyle almost shot me in the foot with a crossbow today, thought I’d have to go to the infirmary.”
“I did go to the infirmary,” Mason said drearily. “My ingrown toenail got so bad that I couldn’t finish the obstacle course in level one fitness. Neither could Sam from what I saw.”
Mason had been late for lunch and missed most of their conversation earlier. Carlyle filled him and Eban in while Leah tried to remember if she’d seen Mason leave during their morning fitness class, but mostly trying to block out her embarrassment.
She wasn’t entirely sure what an ingrown toenail was but she was sure she didn’t want to see it when Mason offered to show it to the group. Eban’s eyes met hers, twinkling with poorly suppressed humor. “Is it always like this?” he whispered, leaning across the table.
Leah shrugged and smiled.
“What was that Bridgett?” Thiede drawled.
“I was just telling Sam that this table is much more interesting than where I usually sit. I think I’ve been sitting in the wrong place the whole year” Thiede’s lip curled slightly but he only resumed his study of the rather withered chicken breast in front of him.
“So how do you know each other?” Mason asked.
Eban hesitated, but Thiede made no move to say anything. “Just saw each other around. Iddo’s not that big when you’ve lived there your whole life.”
The subject dropped after that and after dinner everyone except Mason traipsed behind the dining hall to practice. Thiede looked indecisive but followed anyways. Eban was quick to volunteer as was Luke and they ended up facing off first. Eban’s smile didn’t quite convey the innocence he was trying for, and Leah sensed it was going to be a dirty match. Or rather knew, if it was anything like their earlier one.
Luke struck first and Eban slid his blade up the length of his, stabbing him with the worn tip in the shoulder. Luke knocked it away too late and they started again. Luke was surprisingly quick in his defensive blocks, although he never seemed to move more than two feet forward or back, remaining mostly stationary as Eban moved around him. Leah thought that Luke was the better swordsman, but he was unused to Eban’s methods and lost as many as he won. 
They took turns from there on out and Leah held her own pretty well. She thought she would do better after she adjusted to the rigorous routine of academy life. Luke was ridiculously strong and Thiede was good without even trying, though he wasn’t half as lazy as Lucien. Or as arrogant. He knew he was good, but he didn’t seem to stake as much on it. It was almost like he didn’t care. Leah enjoyed sparring him the most, which surprised her because she never won, and because he reminded her of Lucien in so many ways. They kept at it until Thiede left for cards and the rest of the party broke up, some following him and a couple going to Drewton.
The practice swords hung limply from her hand as she stared at the light spilling out of the dining hall where Luke had just disappeared through to join Thiede for cards. She could go in. It was early still. Leah wandered over to the darkened steps of the educational building and sat, watching kids go from the dining hall to the dormitories and back.
She didn’t think she could do this day again. She rested her elbows on her knees and combed her hands through the hair shorter than it was supposed to be. It was all wrong. She wasn’t supposed to look like this, the academy wasn’t supposed to be like this, and she wasn’t supposed to be this weak. She hadn’t expected to be good, hoped for maybe, but not expected it. She’d only expected to be average. But she wasn’t sure she was that even. Not after today. The steps blurred slightly in her vision.
It would be fine. It would get better; she was just tired from travelling...and everything else. She’d get in shape and pass level one. The test was next week, and if she didn’t pass it then, it would only be another month and she would be down to one fitness class. She could do that. At most, she just had to make it through the next month.


Chapter Ten

Leah did not know how she survived the fitness classes from day to day. They were the most excruciating experiences she’d ever endured, and she could not remember the last time she could move after being still for a few minutes and not feel pain. On the fourth day since they had begun sparring Rob showed up in the middle of a bout, a piece of bread and cheese in one of his hands. He slid down the back wall of the dining hall into thick grass, sitting next to Ben who was a friend of Eban’s. Leah had only known Ben all of ten minutes, but he seemed self-absorbed, ambitious, and mediocre in every way. He said what he thought and expected everyone to agree with him.
Carlyle ceased his rather merciless assault on Mason and looked up at Rob.
“Is it all right if I watch?” he asked before taking a bite from his thick slice and looking up at Carlyle through his overlong hair.
Carlyle shrugged and turned his attention back to Mason who immediately became shifty—casting glances at Rob and adjusting his grip on his sword. Carlyle took it a little easier on Mason, perhaps for fear of breaking a practice sword in front of Rob or perhaps out of sympathy for Mason.
“You should keep your guard a little higher,” Rob said when Carlyle got Mason again on the shoulder. “You lose reaction time by keeping it so low.” Mason nodded, blinking rapidly as he adjusted his grip on the sword yet again.
Rob’s interruptions were sparse at first, but increased as the matches continued. Leah watched Thiede take the place of Carlyle followed by Luke, Eban, and eventually Ben. So far Eban had been careful never to face off against Thiede. Ben had got up to enter the fray several times, but had been beat to the spot, or frankly dismissed by Thiede. Leah had initially thought that Thiede disliked her, but judging by the way he treated Ben and Eban she realized she hadn’t known what dislike from Thiede really looked like. Her he was derisive to, but he was derisive to everyone. Them he coldly ignored. 
Ben and Eban’s bout started with the semblance of a match but disintegrated into dirty shoving and grappling that could hardly be called swordplay. 
“I’ve seen pig wrestling that looked more professional,” Rob commented dryly. Eban broke away from the lock, smiling and chagrined. 
“Sorry,” he said, pulling back into a proper stance for the first time since the initial face off. After a few more rounds they stepped back to hand the swords to someone else.
“Your stance is much better,” Rob said to Ben who, like Eban, had form that had been much neglected. “You still need to take smaller steps when you attack. Every step you take forward should immediately be followed with one from your back. You lunge too much, it throws you off balance. If I was Eban I’d just step back when you lunged and watch you faceplant.” 
The back of Ben’s neck turned a faint pink color, and Leah thought she saw a slight stiffness due to anger, but he smiled and said “Of course. Thanks.”
Eban was smiling slightly, like he knew what Ben was thinking, but found it more amusing than anything else. “I’ll remember to step back then.”
To her dismay, Leah ended up paired against Luke when her turn came up; it was not the most ideal for Rob to see her paired against him. She felt more tired and weak every day and it showed worst when she sparred him. Rob was quick to see.
“Stop for a minute. So obviously he is much stronger, and the worst and most exhausting way to counter this is by directly blocking, which is what you are doing. It takes all of your energy, and does not leave you with the strength to respond in kind. With an opponent stronger than you, this is the worst way to respond. It’s a fast way to lose a fight.”
Luke waggled his eyebrows at her as he twirled his sword, shifting from large foot to large foot.
Leah nodded. Silas had taught her how to counter much stronger fighters—obviously something she would need to know, but although she knew the techniques, she’d never been able to master them. It was like learning to juggle; theoretical mastery did not equate with success.
“You still use your sword to block, but you want most of his swing to be used against him, you’re just changing the direction of the blow slightly, so it’s away from you. This should give you time to sidestep. The less you have to take directly, the more his strength will be used against him. Here it should look like this.”
Rob took her sword and motioned for Luke to attack again. Luke’s sword glanced off Rob’s as he deflected it, sending Luke stumbling and unprepared for the quick riposte to the stomach. It looked so easy. He borrowed Luke’s sword and handed it to Leah. Leah took it apprehensively. They practiced in slow motion as he walked her through parries from different angles and strikes. He had adopted Luke’s style with relative accuracy, hitting hard enough that if Leah caught it directly, the force rattled up her arm. Every time she did though, he corrected her, doing the same move again so she could have a redo. They picked up speed and Leah struggled, taking several hard hits direct on and becoming sloppier in the deflections he’d shown her, but he seemed more or less satisfied. 
“Just practice that for a while. It will take a bit for it to become instinctive and natural.” He shook the hair out of his eyes and handed the other sword back to Luke.
Leah resumed her match against him, but found it that much more difficult to execute in the almost thoughtless speed of sparring. Half a minute passed and she hadn’t even attempted it. 
She would have to, or it would look like she wasn’t even trying, but each time she committed to do it, she faltered, falling back at the last moment. This was different than her match with Rob, though she didn’t know how. The fear of it not being successful, of Luke not pulling back like Rob would have, kept her defaulting to what she was sure of. She didn’t think she could do it successfully, and that meant she would get hit—hard enough to do some damage. 
Leah felt the pressure of two undesirable consequences pressing hard against her as the match progressed, forcing her to make a decision. A minute in, she could see Rob shifting out of the corner of her eye. Come on, come on.
 She knew before she even brought her sword up, that it wasn’t going to be work, and she was already tensed for the hit. Her attempt to block lightly and sidestep didn’t redirect the block effectively enough and the practice sword skinned her knuckles and crippled her left leg sending her hard to the other knee. There were several intakes of breath from the onlookers at the sound of wood on flesh.
“Sorry Sam,” Luke said, looking slightly guilty.
Leah grunted in response as she rose, keeping her weight to the right leg. The side of her left leg pulsed, but the pain did not increase as she slowly shifted more weight to it. Something wet began dripping from the back of her hand and she realized her hand was bleeding quite a lot for how shallow the scrape had been. Unsure what to do, Leah quickly switched the sword to the other hand so she wouldn’t get blood on it and sucked her knuckles. Disappointment and relief churned in her.
“Come over here,” Rob said, and Leah tried not to limp as she made the short trip over to where Rob still stood. “Thiede do you want to face off Carlyle? I think you two would be a good match.”
Thiede rolled his eyes when Rob looked away and rose languidly to his feet. “Ready, Carly?”
Carlyle gave a small, private smile, and took the sword Leah handed to him.
Rob turned his attention back to her and considered her hand for a moment as fresh blood sprung from the patches of missing skin.
“Do you know where the infirmary is?”
Leah shook her head.
“Mason, could you take him?”
“Sure sir,” Mason said, pushing himself to his feet. To her surprise, Mason led her back to the dining room doors. 
“The infirmary is in here?” Leah asked curiously.
“Yeah, it’s behind the bar,” he said, indicating the bar where they were served meals. Four ladies manned the kitchens behind, replacing plates at the bar as they were taken, and cooking more food. They all looked about as withered as the chicken they served. Mason walked up to the end of the bar. 
“Excuse me Wanda,” he said politely to the elderly woman closest to them. Wanda looked at Mason and smiled. “We—”
“Hello Mason,” the woman interrupted. “How are you? Not injured again?”
“No, my friend needs a bandage.”
He showed Wanda Leah’s hand.
“Of course, of course. Come on back.” The woman unlatched a low door and pushed it open to let them through.
They walked past bread rising, large sinks, and giant bowls full of more bread dough. The woman led them into an open room past the pantry that had a counter and a single bed which she directed Leah to sit on. It was crowded with the three of them in there, and Wanda had to press against Leah as she reached her wrinkled arms up to the cabinets. The smell of old people and something stale washed over Leah as her nose pressed up against the washed-out white shirt. Wanda removed some white strips of cloth and ointment after rummaging around for several moments.
“What’s your name dear?” she asked as she took Leah’s right hand in both of hers, the skin stretched tight and smooth over swollen knuckles. 
“Sam.” Wanda tenderly washed the scrapes and daubed ointment on them before winding the long cloth around Leah’s hand several times and tying it. Her touch was so like Ethel’s that Leah suddenly found herself blinking back tears. 
“And where are you from?”
“Twilfur,” Leah said, regaining mastery.
“My first sweetheart was from there. Nice man.”
Leah wasn’t sure what to say to that.
“Just come on back when you need that changed. Best to keep it clean mind you. We don’t mind patching you kids up when you need it so don’t hesitate. Makes for a nice change.”
Leah nodded.
“Off you go then, and stay out of trouble. You too Mason”
“Of course, Wanda,” Mason replied before they left, her throat still feeling thick.
They returned to the sparring which continued half an hour more before disbanding. Leah lost nearly every round of cards that night, and was almost tempted to employ some of Sandy’s dirtier tricks. She would have chalked up her forbearance to moral fiber, but in truth she wasn’t sneaky enough. She didn’t fancy being caught cheating by Thiede especially.
Test day would be the following Tuesday for both classes, but she was only attempting it in her first. There was about twenty kids who signed on to attempt, and although Leah doubted she would pass, she was riding on the weak hope that she would only have one exercise class soon. It was all that had kept her going through the first week.
She learned from Eban that the test was not altogether too dissimilar from the actual class, but the time limit was much more severe. The fifteen-lap run had to be done under twenty-two minutes, followed immediately by the obstacle course which must be completed in two minutes and thirty seconds.
The morning of she woke before her alarm and stared into the absolute blackness of the windowless room. The only sounds were her roommate’s quiet breaths and someone snoring on the other side of the wall she slept next to. If all the rooms were set up the same, he was sleeping less than a foot from her and she could hear mumbling sometimes through the thin barrier as he talked in his sleep. It made her feel a transparent closeness to him. 
What time was it? The ball was too cheap to tell her that, or she would ask it. Perhaps she should just get up. But she needed to be well rested for today. She had to pass. She had to. She didn’t know if she could keep going like this. There were only so many days like the last ones that she could endure.
The grating noise of the alarm scattered her thoughts and Leah reached over to grasp it, hissing when her fingers crumpled against the wall. She rolled over and grabbed the ball with her left hand before silencing it. Great.
Breakfast was louder than usual with a bigger and more excited turnout. Leah was not hungry, but ate anyways, not caring for once how bland the food was. She hardly noticed Mason until they were already on the field and he stood next to her, unusually still. She realized they’d walked out together and ate breakfast together too. She hoped he passed. 
They would be released in pairs at intervals of five minutes. Leah shifted nervously as Eban came up behind her.
“Hey,” he said to them both.
“Morning,” Leah said.
Mason grunted.
“Nervous?” he asked.
Mason snorted. “No, I already know I’m not going to pass, I’m just waiting to see you knock yourself unconscious on a bar.”
 Eban shook his head and smiled as he too shifted. 
“Nearly castrated myself last time on one of those bars,” he said ruefully.
Leah made a reflexive choking noise.
“I know, needless to say, I did not finish that course with anything close to the time. That was my third and final day in this class until last week.” He grinned.
Their turn was coming up in two rounds. She wished she’d just started at the beginning. Everyone would have been watching, but she wouldn’t have had to wait. Best just to get the disappointment over with quickly.
They stepped behind the scuffed indent in the ground that marked the starting line and waited for their turn. Mr. Valier was manning the obstacle course, and a student that Leah recognized as a third level, the running course. He looked surly and like he would rather be picking flowers for his mother than standing in the hot sun timing a bunch of first years. Another student helped keep track of which students had how many laps, but it looked to Leah like he was struggling. Maybe she would pass after all, by dumb luck. She would take what she could get. 
“Ready,” the first grunted to Leah and Eban. It wasn’t really a question, more of a command.
“I suppose so,” Eban answered anyways, much too cheerily for a quarter after seven in the morning.
“Go,” the kid said, signaling for the other student to record the start time. Leah and Eban took off, keeping a smart pace against the hard-packed earth. Leah found it difficult to find rhythm in the beginning. She kept with Eban for the first two laps, but let herself drift behind a way in the third, sucking as much air as her constricted lungs would allow. Her feet felt clumsy, and her legs feeble from the intense workout of yesterday’s level two fitness class. She pressed on, trying not to look as weak as she felt.
 The group behind her passed her on her fourth lap, and then—to her mild chagrin—the group behind them on her seventh. Halfway through, Leah was not sure if she could finish, much less get a good time. She had expended too much energy in the beginning and now found herself completely drained. Could she just drop out?
 She lost track of who was ahead or behind her, except for Eban, who lapped her twice, grinning every time. Leah would have tripped him if she had the energy to spare. On her ninth lap she felt a bit of a second wind, but it didn’t last long and at the end of it she felt completely expended. It seemed impossible to keep her increasingly torpid pace. Her stride felt more and more ungainly and the finish line seemed to get farther away rather than closer. When she crossed it at last the second student gestured for her to go immediately to the obstacle course, which she did, going backwards and under the bars first. 
She nearly fell from the ropes, and swore she saw her life flash before her eyes as she gripped the rough cords with new strength, persuaded to keep living by how uninteresting it had been. Leah had fallen so far behind during the long run, that she finished just ahead of the last group that had run. From middle to last. She wished she hadn’t even attempted.
She looked for Mason behind her, but realized he wasn’t there. In shock she looked through the mass of students that had finished ahead of her, but she couldn’t pick out his dull brown hair. He was short she supposed.
 The other two students came over, the second writing on a piece of paper as he walked. He handed it to Mr. Valier when he was done. Mr. Valier smoothed his mustache as he looked at them, scratching an additional mark occasionally. Several minutes went by before he spoke.
“All right Mark Vatsby, you finished first with a running time of twenty minutes and six seconds. Your course time was two minutes and twenty-seven seconds.” He continued to list off times and names, including Eban’s. “Eban Burchett with a time of twenty-one minutes and thirty-eight seconds, and a course time of two minutes and fifteen seconds. Those are all that passed. If you would like to know your times anyways, come up.”
Leah hardly considered it. If Eban had barely made the running time, she knew that she had been at least five to ten minutes slower. Five to ten minutes slower. Leah shook her head and caught Eban’s eye. He grinned and she managed a smile.
“Congratulations. Onto a new level of pain then.”
Eban nodded and grinned. “Next month then,” he said. Leah nodded, though she had a sick feeling about it. “Just in time for me to smoke you in the level two fitness class if I haven’t graduated by then.” Leah realized she’d never told him that she was in both classes and smiled a close-lipped smile at the ground as Eban slung his arm over her shoulders on their way back to the dormitories.
~     ~     ~
 Life took on a grueling regularity after that. For all she had imagined it might be, the academy was surprising mundane, a much harsher reality than the brightly colored dreams of her younger years. Perhaps that was just because she never lost every match in her daydreams, or ran for hours. The most exciting thing that happened to her the first month was when Luke nearly shot her in the foot in weapons class when he pulled the trigger before he’d lifted the crossbow up. It had reverberated in the hard earth about half an inch from the leather of her right boot and they hadn’t let Luke shoot the rest of class—or rather Carlyle hadn’t, for which Leah was extremely grateful.
She was getting used to being hungry nearly all the time, though she didn’t think it was possible to get used to Mr. Valier’s classes. Rob kept pitting her against Luke, Carlyle, and Thiede most often. He seemed to expect her to rise to their level—something that both encouraged and discouraged her. By the time they finished dinner each day she felt as if she could fall asleep then and there and sleep until the following morning, but instead they always went behind the dining hall and she did her best to put up a good fight against Luke’s battering ram blows. Each morning was torture, every weapons class dull, every afternoon hot, and every evening so tiring she almost didn’t have energy left to dread the following morning. Almost. 
Her form was better than most of the other students, but her stamina much worse. She blamed it on the double fitness classes, but she kept getting a sinking feeling it was more than that. A fear of failure seemed to trail behind her despite how hard she tried to brush it away. No matter how hard she seemed to try she was never as fast as Carlyle, as strong as Luke, or as quick a thinker as Eban. They seemed not to even feel the strain of the academy, picking up farm work on the side because they were bored and needed the money. They had become real friends to her, a feeling she was not well acquainted with, but her lies about everything personal about herself seemed to create a barrier between her and them, at least to her. She felt like a fraud, and so she felt alone. It was never quite real.
She saw the student who had pushed her the first day several times, but he never saw her. There were hundreds of students, and multiple level one fitness classes, and very little that was distinctive about her. They didn’t have reason to run into each other regularly.
That was until he showed up in her level two fitness class, hand propped on hip and talking idly to one of his friends. Hoping to avoid detection she slowly shifted to the other side of Carlyle so that he would mostly obscure her. He was talking to one of the more athletic kids of the class, though most of the students in this class were, unlike the first years. The turnover rate in the class wasn’t as high either, because it took much longer to pass. The exam wasn’t set, and the parameters shifted from month to month. At least that was what she’d gathered. Despite the overall higher level of difficulty, the class was more interesting and varied than the level one class. It was more brutal, but she preferred it to the other one. At least she didn’t really know what to dread. There was one crippling downside to the class though. Mr. Valier took first year education extremely seriously, but it was as if his personal honor rested on the physical capacity of the second years. He’d restricted students from taking the test before because he said that their efforts in class were unacceptable, regardless of their physical ability to pass it or not.
As legend had it, he’d made students strip naked and walk through poison oak when they were caught cheating on the exercises. Whether it was fact of fiction, Leah stopped cutting exercises when she was behind after she heard that.
Carlyle shifted beside her as Mr. Valier showed up again, followed as usual by an immediate silence on the field. They were divided into two groups, and Leah saw she had the misfortune of being in the same one as the student who had shoved her. Thunder rumbled overhead and rain began to speckle the dry dirt. Leah hoped it would obscure her face a little from him, not that it would matter in the end. He would notice her eventually because she wasn’t passing this class anytime soon. She wished him the best of luck on the next test. Let him be unreasonably athletic.
Mr. Valier’s mustache darkened as the rain wetted it down, but his rigid stance didn’t change as he started them over the jumps. The first series were wooden boards set at about the height of her waist which they had to jump over in quick succession. At the end there were assorted boxes that they would jump on and off of following Mr. Valier’s shouted directions. They didn’t do jumping days very often, but Leah hated them. They were difficult enough on fresh legs, and hers were anything but fresh.
The other group did a set of exercises not too dissimilar from those in the level one, but more strenuous. Leah did those first, and her body burned by the time she got to the jumps. She followed behind Carlyle, his long legs making the jumps easily if not comfortably.
The other student thankfully didn’t notice her all of that class or the following. He was too caught up with a group of his friends to pay much attention to the other students. Only one of them Leah recognized from the first time she’d encountered him. He seemed popular like Eban, but with a more prestigious crowd. For a fleeting moment she found that thought ridiculous considering who she really was, until she remembered who she was now. Even if she was Leah again, she wasn’t Leah Reich anymore. That name had been stripped from her along with her title. Disinherited. No more and no less than every other first year in this place. The only thing that made her different was that she was a girl, and she was weaker. 
Three days after the other student had first showed up in her second fitness class, he noticed her, a slow smile spreading across his face. He nudged his friend and lifted his chin to gesture in Leah’s direction. She looked away but could feel her face burning. Carlyle thankfully remained oblivious, or didn’t say anything. Mr. Valier showed up several minutes later, clipboard in hand. Leah let out a quiet breath of air. She wasn’t especially keen on any more resistance in her life, and she didn’t want to be quick to underestimate the impact someone who didn’t like her could have. Lucien had taught her one thing at least. 
Leah shifted her feet to try and stem the aching of her calf muscles. It was distance today, a relief of sorts—though interminable in its own way. She kept pace with Carlyle for the first bit while the runners spread out so Mr. Valier didn’t get her. He was most ruthless in the beginning, and the back of the group got the worst of it. It was usually at least four laps before the foremost runners caught the tail, or rather before Mr. Valier let the tail fall that far behind. At that point it was easier to slow the pace to something more bearable for an hour and a half, though not by much. Mr. Valier singled out slow runners with precision that would rival that of a moneylender. Leah was always called out several times. 
She’d lost track of the laps and was instead watching the time when something caught her right foot just as it was about to come down. Leah had hardly realized it had happened until she had landed jarringly on the ground, her right knee and hip throbbing from the ungainly sprawl. Something had hit her leg, a foot or shin maybe, and as she looked up, she saw a split second view of the other student looking back, the faintest of smirks on his face. The world seemed to thud in slow motion as she got up, dust sticking to her sweaty skin and the scrape on her right palm. They were on the other side of the track from where Mr. Valier stood, the incident hidden by the mix of people. The knee she’d landed on buckled when she began to run again, resisting the weight she put on it, but she kept running anyways and it began to ease into a tired ache. She watched his broad shoulders as he continued to pull ahead of her, each stride he put between them mocking her. 
That was the beginning. Each morning when she showed up he looked at her, the same small smirk on his face. She found herself always aware of where he was, or jumping when she realized she’d lost him. There was only so many times he could trip or shove her when he could get away with it, but it was often enough she was always on edge. Even between classes she developed a paranoia whenever she walked alone that she would run into him and there would be more than shoving. Whenever he was near and she was singled out by Mr. Valier, or failed to do an exercise properly she heard him.
“Bit off more than he can chew, that much is obvious,” to a friend. “Weak,” muttered to no one but her. “Running home to keep your father’s books anytime soon?” Leah wasn’t the only one he was after and he had yet to deliberately seek her out, which made his pasting of her both personal and impersonal. She wasn’t sure which she preferred. 
The days were unending, but the weeks went by quickly as Leah struggled to be competent in her classes. They moved from the crossbow to the recurve, which was more tiring. The bows ranged from draw weights of thirty-five to sixty, with most about forty or fifty. Leah’s shoulder burned by the end of class, and was dead for the rest of the day afterwards—making their sparring sessions in the evening yet again more challenging. In the beginning, it was difficult to keep her sword steady, and by the end her arm burned bad enough almost to make her leave the tip of her practice sword in the dirt, come what may. It felt like she was getting worse instead of better, barely deflecting Luke or anyone else really. 
Despite this, she ran harder in level one, determined to cut her time down to twenty-two. As the month of Linellen wound down and Deuon approached, Leah saw changes in herself, but not enough. 
That month she didn’t attempt the test in level one since she knew she wouldn’t pass, but the following month she did along with Mason. He looked even more miserable than Leah felt. 
Leah planned, or rather tried to persuade herself that this would be her last day here. She would run until she passed out, and she would get out of this class. Mason looked beyond hope.
“Nervous?” she asked, thinking back to the last time they’d stood here together.
Mason sighed. “No, not really. Well kind of. But I just know I won’t pass. And I’m not like Luke, I don’t have family with connections in the academy.”
“Is that why Luke passed?” Leah asked, surprised despite herself.
Mason shot her a disbelieving look.
“How else?”
They shifted forward in line, a faint breeze brushing momentarily against Leah’s bare neck before dying away in the oppressive heat.
She watched the students before her begin until it was her turn to approach the line. She set as quick a pace as she thought she could manage, the familiar tiredness setting in, but a lightness to her step that came from the past two months of steady practice. The thought of possibly never having to report for seven o’clock fitness again propelled her through the first few laps before her legs seemed to drain of all spring. The sixth lap hit her hard and it was a struggle to keep pace. Nine to go. She couldn’t do it. She’d never tried to run it this fast before and she was utterly wasted. A stitch painfully worked at her side as she ran and she rubbed at it. It was so hot out. Leah blinked and stumbled, but righted herself, trying to think straight. Eight more. Eight more. Less than half way. Leah had not felt this horrible since the second day. She ran doggedly on, paying attention to little besides the rasp of her breaths and the occasional bead of sweat that slid down her back into the waistline of her pants. Only four more laps. Her thoughts became murderous. Three more. Leah would never run again. Two more, just two more. Leah crossed the finish and continued towards the obstacle course with renewed energy. She was going to pass. 
Her run of the obstacle course had only been this clumsy once, also on the second day. She skinned her elbow in the trench when she entered too hard, slipped the last bit on the ropes on the way down, and almost ate it at the pits. But she made it. She could have gone no faster. She’d even passed the group in front of her.
Leah struggled in vain to catch her breath, shifting from foot to foot with her hands clasped behind her head. She could not quite seem to get enough air, and there was a strange buzz to her normal exhaustion. Her throat felt raw and her legs like they would wilt beneath her at any given moment. Mason finished several minutes later, red and winded. After making several marks on the paper, Mr. Valier began reading out names and times. Leah listened, waiting for her name. 
“Jared Henton: twenty minutes and fifteen seconds on the run, two minutes on the obstacle course. Wilford Bradley: twenty-one minutes and fifty-six seconds, two minutes and twenty-four seconds.” A fly buzzed by her face and Leah swatted it away. Her whole body was slick with sweat and her hair stayed exactly how her fingers combed it as she brushed it back.
“Marian James,” an outburst of giggles. Leah missed his time, not that she really cared. “Edward Goren: twenty-one minutes thirty-seven seconds, two minutes and eighteen seconds. Joseph Mcolau: twenty-one minutes fifty seconds, two minutes and eight seconds…” Last time about ten had passed Leah thought. How many had Mr. Valier said already? Eight maybe. She would be on there. It wasn’t alphabetized was it? Beital would have come fairly early. Leah tried to remember the names already stated. Marian James was all she could remember. 
“And Brenton Coffey with a time of twenty-one minutes and forty-three seconds, and two minutes and twenty-two seconds.” And then he had finished, unrolling the top paper so it lay flat again against his clipboard.
There was a horrible sunken realization as she vaguely heard Mr. Valier repeat what he had said the previous time. She hadn’t passed. Another month of two exercise classes. Mason shifted beside her and she looked over at him. He looked especially dejected, and shoved his hands in his pockets.
“Next time for both of us then,” Leah said half-heartedly.
“Yeah,” he said, continuing to look at the dirt for a moment. “I’ll see you at lunch.”
“Yeah,” Leah responded, waiting for the students around Mr. Valier to diminish. She approached and he looked at her expectantly. 
“Sam…. Beital.”
He looked over the first page and then turned over the second. “Twenty-five minutes and thirty-two seconds, and three minutes and two seconds.”
“Thank you.”
Mr. Valier gave a little jerk of his head, and addressed the last student.
Twenty-five minutes. Leah did not think she could cut it down anymore. The obstacle course maybe, that had been an unusually bad run of it. But over three minutes off of her running time? She hadn’t even been close.
Leah laid on her bed during the extra hour and a half off where the second levels were testing. Her roommate came in not much later and she closed her eyes pretending to sleep. They had yet to speak to each other at all, and some nights he didn’t even come back in. 
She wished she could talk to Silas. Maybe not talk to him. Just sit as his table, smell fresh bread, watch him lumber around the house. But she could write. Should have already. They hadn’t heard from her since she got here, she realized with a guilty start. All they would have known is that she was disowned and a criminal. For all they knew she was dead. Leah sat up after her roommate left and swung her feet off the bed. It was probably almost lunch already. She would do it after weapons class then.
Leah joined the small hoard waiting for the bell to ring for lunch time. Already the line was out the door. It was several minutes before Eban joined her first at their table. He looked unusually sweaty, and his sandy hair stuck up in uneven tufts.
“No plans to attempt the test for level two?” he asked with a grin.
“No,” Leah said, trying to break her rubbery broccoli into two pieces with her fork.
“Well I think it was easier than level one.”
“Did you pass then?” Leah asked surprised.
Eban’s grin widened.
“I could gut you right now.”
“For what?” Carlyle asked as he tucked his long legs under the table. 
“He’s finished with fitness.”
Carlyle’s smirk was almost imperceptible, but it was there.
“Did you pass level one today?” he asked Leah.
“Of course, he did, most aren’t stuck for more than a couple of attempts. They wise up and puke their way out,” Eban said.
Suddenly Leah was not feeling quite as cordial towards him as she usually did.
“No, I didn’t.”
“Oh,” Eban said, his smile diminishing, and then resurfacing as he tried to hide it. “You know you could probably skip class on level two. It’s not like they check to see which students are there. All they care is who passes.”
“What about you? You skipped and they found you out.”
“Eventually, probably just because they were reviewing my record when I bumped up levels and realized I hadn’t passed any. But if you just dropped out from the level two fitness for a while, no one would notice.”
“It’s true,” Thiede said as he sat, his voice deeper and rougher than usual. Must have been a rough morning in level three.
“Thanks a lot,” Leah muttered, succeeding at last in parting the broccoli. There wasn’t much point in dropping out of it now.
Thiede smiled, and for once it looked genuine. “No problem Lamb. Thought we’d just throw you to the wolves right off.”
“Didn’t really think of that,” Luke said contemplatively. “Makes sense though.” His voice dropped. “Did Mason try the test again?”
Leah nodded, and would have elaborated, but Mason sat down just then. His face was resigned, but less forlorn than before. 
“Did you test today?” Luke asked Mason, unsuccessfully trying to sound casual.
“Yes. I failed.” He began to eat, not looking at them.
“Next time then,” Luke said.
Mason swallowed and cleared his throat. He reached for his glass and lifted it as if to drink, but then set it back down, studying it. Leah realized belatedly that he was tearing up. She went back to shredding her broccoli into unnecessarily small pieces. He cleared his throat again.
“Actually, Mr. Raden said that this was my last month…. if I didn’t pass.” A long moment stretched out, and Leah glanced up to see him attempting to smile through watery eyes. “But it’s probably for the best. I can’t keep trying forever.” He laughed a little and picked up his fork as if to eat. Instead he just pinged it absently against his plate. It filled some of the dense, awkward silence that even Luke seemed unable to fill.
“Well,” said Thiede at last. “Best of luck then Mason. You were never quite dim enough to be a guard.”
“When do you leave?” Luke asked.
“I’ll probably leave sometime tomorrow. It’ll be a relief to get out of here,” Mason said with a laugh, his voice falsely bright.
The atmosphere for the rest of lunch was dejected and Leah was still mulling over Mason’s failure as she walked to Drewton for the first time later that afternoon. Mason would be returning to work at his family's mill in Manaen. He’d come so far only to go home empty handed. Money for the academy spent, but no position. Leah wondered if that would be her, except with no home to go back to. No, she could do it, she could pass level one fitness. She just needed to shave off three minutes…. she did not want to return a failure. She had already failed at everything else. She couldn’t fail at this. And there was nothing to go back to. 
At the ruling building Leah bought paper along with a single pen before sitting in the shade of the edifice on the uppermost step watching the passersby. She felt suddenly very apart from them and their worlds and found it difficult to write anything at all.

Dear Ethel,

She started, reasoning that was a beginning.

I am sorry  I have not written yet.

Leah paused.

I am doing well. I’m sorry to worry you. It has been a bit wild.

Leah stumbled through her letter to Ethel, trying to explain it as best she could. It was painful to write and made her feel emptier for it. She folded it and left it for the workers to seal.

Dear Sandy,

Leah repeated what she had said to Ethel, trying to inject some life into it. Tried to make it sound like she was having a good time, like she belonged. She had to belong somewhere.
Although she didn’t really need to write Silas since he would read Ethel’s as well, Leah began anyways, hungering to speak to him even though neither of them had ever said much.

Silas,
I hope you read Ethel’s letter first because  I’m not going to fill you in. The academy is difficult.

Leah paused. That was an understatement.  She scooted back so her spine rested against the building and a pillar mostly obscured her from the people in the square. She daubed her nose with her sleeve as it began to run. She was surprised by how readily the tears came. She wished it didn’t have to be so hard. She wished that she was as fast as all of the rest of them. She wished it came easily to her.

If it wasn’t for you teaching me as well as you did, I think  I’d give up. It is the only thing I have going for me.
	
There was so much she wanted to say. How ashamed she’d been in the first weeks as the last kids running laps had lapped her and finished five minutes before her. How she had to finish running alone and was often behind for the next section. That her arm shook at the end of weapons class because of how hard it was to keep pulling back the string of the recurve bow. How she had selfishly only thought of herself when Mason had attempted for over a year to pass the fitness class and failed again and again. How she tried to fit in, but it all felt like a facade, really to crumple backward at one good hard shove from reality. That she still felt like she was destined to fail and that that feeling would never go away. Leah brushed her tears away.

I’ve seen some pretty spectacular vomiting though in my fitness class. I am not as good as everyone else, but I think  I’ll be able to pass.

Hopefully.

I feel 

Leah hesitated. She wanted to tell him something. She wanted him to know, but she couldn’t quite find the words. She crossed it out, staring at the black mess amid the unschooled and unladylike handwriting. The handwriting of someone who had quit their education at age ten.

I miss you.

She wanted to write I love you, but the letters didn’t come, just like the words had always stuck in her throat.

I think of home a lot and I don’t think of the castle. Thanks for everything.

For saving her life. For teaching her swordplay. For a family. For...a life worth living.

Write soon,
Leah

Leah folded it up, taking time to make sure that the creases were even and properly folded. Then she sat against the building watching the light shift across the square and lengthen the shadows as the sun slowly crawled down the sky.


Chapter Eleven

Rob kept trying everything he could think of to make Leah progress, but she could tell she wasn’t doing as well as he’d expected.  She nursed various degrees of bruises from Luke, and even in her matches against Eban she seemed to be losing ground as he progressed and she did not. Her fitness class felt nearly as impossible as it had in the beginning, and not long after Femre began she found herself in the mud, staring up at the falling rain during the second class. For just a split second, she lost all will to get up or even move out of the way. She could not go on. Nothing was worth this. Mr. Valier’s shrill voice awakened her.
“What do you think you are doing?” Swear words outnumbered any other words in his following sentences as he insulted her, her future progeny, and her chances of passing this class. Some part of her obeyed, responding to the command in his voice without her even intending to. Lucas, the student who had shoved her the first day, smirked at her before looking away, the rain slicking his thick dark hair close to his head. 
Maybe it would be easier just to give up. Better to spare herself the agony. Somehow, she found herself silencing her alarm every morning, and rolling out of bed. Each day was just one more day. It was as much as she could think about. Two months turned into three, and then four, each with the same results. She should be getting faster, but she felt like she was getting slower instead, each day dragging her down and backwards instead of forwards. The third time she attempted the test she realized it wasn’t just a feeling. Twenty-six minutes and forty-two seconds. She would never pass even the level one fitness class. One thought kept her going, at least for the present.
With the month of Kurra came Katzbuckeln, the biggest holiday of the year. They would have three days off. Students who were able left for home, but most stayed, anticipating cheap street food, free entertainment, and exotic people. Leah looked to it like a lifeline. It was difficult to get permission to leave, except for third years, and Luke managed to persuade her not to ask. “What would we do without you Lamb,” he teased. “I’d miss my beating bag.” Mostly though, Leah thought if she went home, she might not come back.
The week of classes leading up to Katzbuckeln consisted of half-hearted attempts from the teachers to make class productive and increasingly unmanageable students. The exception was Mr. Valier who remained as unpliable as the brick of the education building.
Leah slumped against a tree with Eban after the last day of class. Ben had gone with a couple of friends into Drewton, and Luke and Carlyle had mysteriously disappeared immediately after class.
Eban was playing with a gerosha puzzle, a collection of wooden pieces that made five different animals if solved correctly. He was fairly good because Leah could actually tell which one he was trying to make. The etched swirls of the sheep’s rear had taken shape, and he was refitting pieces as he tried to figure how to get the legs in. His eyes seemed darker than usual, less carefree. She pulled up some grass, troubled slightly by it. But there was something comfortable about the silence, and there was a freedom about his mood, a freedom of thought undisturbed, so Leah left it that way, and instead began weaving a small basket out of the long grass at the edge of the forest. After several minutes, Eban set his puzzle down, a curious smile spreading across his face.
“Is that a basket?”
“Or a hat, I suppose.” 
“You’re a veritable backwoods hen hussy.”
Leah smiled. “What can I say. I’m a man of many skills.”
He snorted and looked across the courtyard to a group of students that were playing hutchin. His smile faded slowly. When he looked back at her, his expression was unusually serious.
“If you had an opportunity to change people’s lives for the better, but it meant doing something a lot of other people thought was wrong, would you do it?”
Leah was tempted to ask what he meant but thought that he would just withdraw if she did.
“It depends, I guess. I think that no one can tell us what is right or wrong, and we should be governed by our own consciences, but…but, I dunno. Just because a lot of people are opposed does not make them right, but it doesn’t make them wrong either. I think whenever a lot of people think something is wrong, it’s usually a good idea to make sure it really is your conscience speaking.”
“In life there are always a lot of good people on both sides thinking they are doing right. I don’t think it’s so cut and dry about what’s right or wrong. It’s more about the greater good.” 
Leah smoothed the remaining loose ends of the basket. Sandy had taught her how to make them, another skill she would never have learned—not that this one was actually very useful. The group playing hutchin had ranged closer to them as a scuffle for the ball broke out.
“What do you mean by the greater good?”
Eban shrugged, rolling the puzzle around in his hands as he thought. “There—” The ball suddenly shot towards them, rebounding off a kid’s shin. They both ducked and it whacked the tree they had been leaning against. Eban gave it an ineffective kick from where he was seated, but a student had already run over.
“Thanks,” the student said anyways before running back.
“Never mind,” Eban said. “Nothing, I guess. Are you ready for tonight?”
Leah picked up the half-finished sheep from where it had fallen, feeling the whorls. She had never been reckless enough to sneak out to Katzbuckeln, so she’d never been. She smiled.
“Not really, but I’m excited.”
They entered the city walls in a dusky twilight, greeted by the glowing orange warmth of firelight on every street. Drapes of colorful cloth were swagged from building to building, the colors dark shades of their usual vibrancy against the night sky. Rich aromas permeated the air, awakening her hunger, and reminding her how long it had been since she’d had genuinely good food. The streets were packed thick with people swallowing swords, peddling hot sausages, and selling wares from the Reeds. The unctuous smell of alcohol was beginning to seep through the crowd already, the scent more pungent than that of the wines she’d known at the gatherings of nobility. A sort of wildness and vague unease shot through her. She could do whatever she wanted. 
The group broke up, and Leah fell in with Carlyle and Thiede. She passed a girl with long pale blonde hair playing a thin instrument Leah had never seen before. She didn’t have much of a crowd yet, so Leah stopped for a moment.
“What are you playing?”
The girl smiled coyly up at her and shook her hair out of her face.
“I’m playing Frederick’s lament.”
“Oh, sorry, I meant what instrument?”
“It’s a flute. Haven’t you seen one before?”
Leah shook her head. “It’s nice,” she said, before turning to catch up to Thiede and Carlyle before they were swallowed entirely by the masses of people. 
“You flirt like my grandma,” Thiede said dryly without looking.
Leah felt a hot blush steal up her face, but she didn’t think protesting would help.
Carlyle was taking them to the edge of the dancing crowd and surged ahead of them as he pushed through to the front of the circle. She hung back unsure of what to do with herself. Thiede faded back through the people, looking surly as ever as he leaned against a wall. That didn’t stop several girls from casting hopeful looks his way. He was attractive, with a brooding look and dark eyes, although too habitually angry for Leah’s taste. Not that it mattered. She joined him. The noise, smells, and colors waxed and waned in strength and seemed to relieve her of the burden of talking. She’d yet to talk to Thiede alone, and there wasn’t a lot to talk about. His past was off limits and their present sucked. Carlyle joined the dancing with a girl with long, unbound brown hair that caught in his hands as they danced. He was usually so quiet, but she could see him talking, and then laughing. They watched Carlyle dance for half an hour before Thiede left, muttering an excuse. She searched for Eban and Luke as she pushed through the crowded streets. She took a break to eat honeyed meat on a stack of crates at a good enough vantage to make out people’s faces better. 
At last she spotted them as they were making their way through the crowds close to where the flute girl had been. Leah cast a fleeting look over the tops of people’s heads for her, but she had disappeared. Must have moved to a more promising location. Maybe a little further from the noise of the fiddlers playing the dance music. But then Leah caught sight of her out of place white glow in an alcove, shifting alongside a darker head. What were they doing? Were they...kissing? Leah looked away guiltily but did a double take as she recognized Ben’s profile. Wait Ben? Leah studied closer, trying to see if it really was him, and the crate tipped over, dumping her and several more with it ten feet down. There was a hiss as a cat shot out from the broken slats of the bottom one and the crates clattered against the cobblestones and nearby building. She’d been in the mouth of an alleyway, but the people close by still scattered back and stared. Her face burned as she hurried away, cutting through the crowd.
She almost lost them but managed to catch up before they turned down another street. Luke noticed her first, nodding his head towards her as he took a bite out of a fried peach covered in sugar.
“Bored of Carlyle and Thiede already?” he asked.
“Carlyle left to dance. Was that Ben back there?”
“Back where?” Luke asked, craning his neck the way they came as he stopped in the middle of the street, effectively parting the crowd around him.
“Kissing one of the music girls.”
“Really?” Eban asked incredulously, making Leah smile.
“Wasn’t sure. Thought I might go ask,” Leah said with a smile, “but he looked a bit preoccupied.”
“Probably was,” Eban said with a grin. “We better make a contest of it.”
Luke laughed. “What, prettiest or most?”
“Both. Loser tells Rob he’s got a great butt.”
Luke burst out laughing. Leah smiled.
“Just us three.”
“I’ll talk Ben into it. All three nights.”
They looked at Leah for confirmation.
She shrugged. “I’ll judge. After all, how’re we supposed to tell how kissed the prettiest girl without an objective opinion.”
“Nooo. Come on Sam. Can’t kiss a few girls?”
Leah shook her head. “Nah, because I know I’ll lose, and I’m not telling Rob he’s got a great butt.”
“You won’t lose, look at Eban’s face. Just go up to one, talk to her for a minute, and then look at her mouth and ask her if she knows anywhere private. It’s easy.”
Leah shook her head. “You guys go ahead. I’ve got a girl I’m sweet on back home.”
“Exactly, you can practice up for her,” Luke said, but she could tell his persistence was beginning to wane.
“Let him be Luke. I can respect that. Time starts now, and your odds of losing just went up,” Eban said, beginning to push back towards the dancing. Luke and Leah followed, but it wasn’t long before she was the only one left watching the dancing. Eban had gotten busy fast, leaving with a sweet looking pale brunette. Luke had also left, with an appallingly young-looking girl. Maybe thirteen by her guess.
Leah ate dried meat, roasted nuts, and spiky fruit on a window ledge, watching them resurface occasionally, well Eban anyways. Luke and the girl never came back.
As was tradition, the festivities ended by nine that night, and Leah walked at the back of one pack of students returning to the academy. The cloudy night made it difficult to make out expressions, and laughter punctuated the air, driving away the usual night noises. 
The noise level hardly dimmed in the dormitories as small skirmishes and partying continued, but it became muffled as Leah shut her door securely after showering. Her sheets were cool against her as she slid into them, and she stared at the empty bed across from her just visible in the dim moonlight that came and went with the clouds through the recently made hole in the wall. She’d yet to ask about it.
The following three days were filled with overeating, competitions, and noise. Leah stole moments of quiet deeper in the woods, staring up through the leaves in unusually long stretches of free time. Each night went later, until the last night which continued until morning in some cities. They had class the following day, but she doubted if that would hinder many of the students. Leah watched the dancing from her former perch, studying as several individuals became increasingly intoxicated and some crude. Couples secluded themselves in darker corners, and the sound of laughter rose above the music, loud and increasingly raucous. The smell of alcohol was stronger than the previous nights, and available almost everywhere. At about eleven she shifted and climbed down, thinking of her fitness class the following day. It would be haties if she didn’t get back now. She caught sight of Thiede surveying the festivities and to her surprise he joined her as she exited the city. 
“Bored?” she asked.
“There’s only so much you can eat and so much dancing you can watch.”
“Do you not like to dance then?”
Thiede’s face drew in an expression of displeasure. “I’m not sure I’d call that dancing. And my interests lie elsewhere.” His expression was cryptic as he studied Leah for a moment. “And you don’t?”
“No, my coordination doesn’t extend beyond swordplay.”
Thiede snorted. “I doubt if it even extends that far.”
Leah smiled. They walked the rest of the way in companionable silence, some of the few to leave that early. The academy grounds were completely empty except for another student named Stewart coming out of the housing building, and the baker entering the education building as they walked towards the dormitories.
~     ~     ~
Morning came too soon after three days of sleeping without an alarm. Leah leaned her head against the wall behind her bed for a moment, trying to think of anything worth waking up for that day. 
Breakfast was so sparse she wondered if class had been cancelled when she realized she was one of only four students. There had better be class if she woke up for it. On the field several more joined their numbers, running from the dormitories. Leah struggled to lift her eyelids as they drifted shut in the warm, early morning sun. She started and opened her eyes at Mr. Valier’s growl, not having heard him approach.
“Especially pitiful this year.”
Leah looked around. Ten students, one tucking in a shirt that was on backwards, assembled on the field, all in various degrees of unkemptness.
“That is just fine, because I have a list of all students who are supposed to be here today. Let’s see who is here.”
He began making marks on his board, and Leah was suddenly grateful that she had showed up.
Two more students ran from the dormitories, one nearly tripping on a tuft of grass.
Mr. Valier looked up, surveying them closely. 
“Ah, Jeroly and McArthur.” He made several more ticks. “Go ahead and go back to bed you two. Tell anyone else coming to do the same.”
They glanced at each other before stammering “Yes Mr. Valier…. thank you, sir.” Mr. Valier was not the sort of teacher to let anyone off easy, and their confusion and apprehension were well placed. Even Leah knew enough not to be jealous of them.
“Oh you won’t be thanking me tomorrow,” Mr. Valier muttered as they left. “Excellent,” he said after he had finished dismissing the last of the students to come. “Above all else, discipline is required for success in this field. Success does not come from skill with any weapon, or a way with people. True success is defined by the moment you chose not to put your head back on the pillow. True success is defined by the moment you choose to work one minute longer or try one more time. It does not come from cutting corners, weak wills, or drinking too late at Katzbuckeln!” His high voice bounced off the schooling building in the quiet morning air as it suddenly escalated. “Show up when it matters, and this is when it matters. We are doing our monthly test this week, today. You are the only ten available to participate, and because you showed discipline greater than your peers, I wish to ensure your success. If you make the laps in twenty-four minutes and the obstacle course in three minutes you will pass. Let’s begin.”
Leah blinked in surprise and looked at the other bewildered students. All of them began to grin.
Leah passed. And because of the dearth of students class was only thirty minutes long. She could not stop smiling. 
When she went back to the dining hall for a second round of breakfast afterwards, she found her peer group in various degrees of dysfunction. Eban’s eyes were red and puffy from lack of sleep, and Leah noticed he was wearing the same clothes from the previous day. Ben had fallen asleep on the table, his left arm cushioning his head. Luke was massaging his temples and groaning, his breakfast casserole untouched. Dark red splotches marked his neck and crept down his t-shirt—and Leah studied them curiously. Must’ve eaten something bad. It took her a moment to realize what was most unusual, however. He was irritable. 
She smiled as she ate, feeling uncharacteristically cheerful. Carlyle’s severe expression shifted as he raised an eyebrow at her. He looked like he had fared the best, with hair dark from a recent shower and cheeks clean shaven. Ben snorted awake when Thiede slammed his plate down with unnecessary force making his scrambled eggs jump.
“My apologies,” he said with a ghost of a smile.
Ben glared at him before his head slowly drifted back down.
Luke swore violently. “Saints Thiede, keep it down, I’ve got a blinding headache.”
“Sparring should be fun today then,” Thiede said, looking cheerful for once. Leah found her own smile widening. 
“I will skewer you Thiede. Right through—”
Leah couldn’t hear the rest over the sudden cacophony of breaking dishes. One of the tables had given out, spilling students and food everywhere. A pair of students were rolling on the dirty dining hall floors, and suddenly food was flying everywhere. Leah watched open-mouthed for a second. 
“Come on,” Eban said, hauling Ben and her up by the collars. He drug them through the open warfare towards the blinding light streaming through the door. Ben struggled at first, awakened to being strangled, before blinking in confusion and stumbling along.
“Wasgoinon?” he slurred, tugging at Eban’s hand.
“Believe me, we don’t want the punishment for this one. I hear Mr. Valier’s already pretty cross.” 
A man in dark, close-fitted clothing was striding purposefully towards the dining hall, and Eban abruptly steered them around the side instead so they wouldn’t be spotted. They crept through the woods and into the education building. From the small windows in the doors they watched as students spilled out, eggs and sausage smeared on their clothing. Mr. Valier, Rob, and Mr. Bjorhus had all congregated on the scene, showing up with surprising speed. 
They could make out Mr. Valier’s shrill voice even through the metal doors. “What do you think you’re doing?!” he shrieked, the pitch rising with the volume. “This isn’t a madhouse, though you certainly could be tenants! You are a disgrace. How you ever got admitted—” he proceeded to insult the lines of students in every manner possible. Leah spotted Luke and Thiede among them, although Carlyle seemed to have made it out. Leah noticed the figure they had first seen enter the dining hall, an imposing older man of about fifty, his clothing crisp despite the heat.
“Must be the president,” Eban said, echoing Leah’s own thoughts.
Rob’s shaggy head bobbed among the students to the front where he joined the other faculty. He hardly looked any better than most of the people Leah had seen today. His clothing was rumpled, his stance exhausted, and it was clear even from there that he had an intense hangover—although he obviously had more experience in handling one and maintained his stance much more stoically. He twisted his pinky in his ear, temporarily blocking out the noise, a slightly pained look on his face. The president approached Mr. Valier who abruptly ceased his rant. He said something to the fitness teacher before looking at the crowd with a small sardonic smile. Mr. Valier responded, and then Rob was jogging towards the education building. 
Ben swore and they scurried away from the doors, diving into the first classroom. They heard Rob opening the other door just as theirs shut. His pace slowed to a walk. They waited several minutes until his footsteps returned and left. Eban motioned for them to wait a moment longer before they left. 
“Let’s go to one of the upstairs classrooms with windows facing that way,” Ben whispered. “I don’t fancy being caught peeking. I’ve got the feeling it doesn’t really matter who was involved or not.” 
They sprinted to the stairs at the end and bounded up them. By the time they got to the windows students had already removed their shirts and Rob, Mr. Bjhorus, and Mr. Valier held coiled black whips.
“They’re whipping them,” Ben said, voice not disbelieving, but a little shocked.
“It’s the punishment in the guard.”
“Not here though, this is training. Nobody’s been whipped since we’ve been here.”
“Bad time to start a food fight,” Eban said darkly. “The president was here.” 
Leah watched as the whips began to crack against students backs, soundless from their position. She counted the whip hit fifteen times for each student. Mr. Bjhorus didn’t hold back, his face hard, though not angry. Mr. Valier hit savagely with unrestrained rage, but Leah thought privately that she would still prefer his to Mr. Bjhorus. Rob seemed the best to have, his strokes quick and moderate. He moved through the students methodically, reaching Luke first but not Thiede. Mr. Valier got him instead, striking viciously with his whole body in every swing. Leah shifted closer to the window, her nose almost touching. It was hard to tell from the distance and the dirty window.
“Thiede’s back’s scarred,” she said.
Eban and Ben shifted closer as well, but as red marks formed from Mr. Valier’s whip, the raised scars were difficult to make out.
“This is sick,” Ben said, turning away from the window. “Not that I fancy being whipped or anything, but watching makes me feel guilty.”
Leah nodded as she continued to watch. Why hadn’t they grabbed Luke and Thiede too?
“How’d you know?” she asked Eban.
“I dunno really.” He shrugged.
Six students were expelled and there was a general subdued air as the rest recommenced their studies. It was a stark contrast to the atmosphere of the past several weeks. Grumbling also spread due to the sudden shortage of bread served with their meals. Leah definitely missed it, her stomach often still feeling slightly hollow even after eating. Apparently the baker had quit and they had yet to find another.
Her sparring form picked up slightly, but not as much as she’d thought it would when she passed the first fitness class. She should be better than this now that she had a normal workload. Instead she found herself in exactly the same boat—trying to survive against Luke, even just beat Eban a few times, and not lose to Ben; his form was almost unrecognizable from when he had first begun. He listened carefully to whatever advice Rob gave to all of them and worked harder than nearly anyone. He was catching up to her, nearly getting past her defenses and avoiding nearly all of her thrusts. This student who hadn’t even known the correct sword grip four months ago was only narrowly losing to her. What was she doing or not doing? 
It was only a month after Katzbuckeln when the moment she had dreaded first came.  Leah bent to retrieve her sword, sweat trawling down her spine and her pulse beating rapidly in her ears. Ben let out a little laugh.
“Shoot Sam. Only a matter of time I guess.”
Leah straightened and attempted a smile back. Only a matter of time. She had been trying to convince herself that wasn’t true over the last month. Ben had been the worst of them. She had just lost to Ben. It was the first time, but it wouldn’t be the last. And deep down she had known it would only be a matter of time just as he had. It was difficult to restrain her anger.
To her embarrassment, her matches with him seemed to get more and more desperate as she struggled to convince herself more than anyone else that she was the better swordsman. She had to be. What was all this for if she couldn’t beat a kid who had only picked up a sword a little over a year ago? She would have been better off all those years fawning to her father, assuaging his pride. 
Eventually she resigned to it the best she could, telling herself she would get better. Ben was already beating Eban out at any rate. It didn’t really matter. But it did. It mattered. This was the only shot she got, and she was blowing it.    
She began to look forward to her weapons class more than their evening sparring sessions which she was coming to dread. The bow and arrow unit started getting fairly interesting after Rob brought a special set of arrows capped with large balls. Students wearing leather armor ran while the rest of the students shot at them. By the time the month of Sara rolled around they were having full scale chases through the woods as teams, powdering their arrow tips to keep track of points. Leah was not the best archery student, but she still hit people occasionally with brief thrills of euphoria. She made a better runner, and found she was quick enough not to cost too many points. 
Ethel wrote often, more often than Leah could keep up with, and Silas brief, sporadic letters, his hand more unsure even than Leah’s own. Or perhaps he was just unsure how to write her. Sandy wrote even less, but whenever she did her letters were pungent with wild weeks and crazy news. She wrote long letters, expressing guilt over not writing often and trying to make up for it. Leah didn’t mind. She found the replies she needed to write falling further and further behind. She kept the letters though, rereading them sometimes, especially Silas’s. Whenever she sat down to write it seemed almost too hard to reply, the thought of it seeming to drain what little energy she had and filling her with a sense of emptiness.
She had just come back from Drewton near the end of Sara when she found the academy in an uproar. Students were huddled in clusters, while others ran from group to group, or to and from buildings. Leah searched out the faces, seeking for a familiar one when she caught sight of Thiede. With some difficulty, she pushed through to meet him.
“What’s going on?” she asked.
“Someone found a body in the woods. They think it’s the baker.”
“What?”
“It’s been there for a while. Whoever did it, didn’t bury it deep enough and the flooding by the river unearthed it. A student found it while running. Just a bit ago.”
“The baker? Why would anyone kill the baker?”
Thiede snorted. “I know, why not take out Mr. Valier instead? Do us all a favor.”
The justice from the town arrived not long after she did and fought their way down to the river where Mr. Bjorhus and Rob had tried to keep everyone back. They removed the body and started talking to the teachers and several students. Dinner was half an hour late, and Leah was surprised to see Rob waiting for them when they finally all arrived to spar. 
Leah sat next to Thiede who immediately commenced shredding grass piece by piece. She’d only seen the baker a handful of times. Technically he was there almost every morning but rarely late enough for even the first breakfasters to see him. He’d been on the grounds occasionally...like that night on Katzbuckeln. Had that been him? She thought it had been, but it had been a while since then.
“Thiede, do you remember that night we were walking back from Katzbuckeln?”
Thiede nodded as he tied one shred into a knot. “Yeah why?”
“We saw the baker, didn’t we? He was going into the education building.”
Thiede dropped the scraps of grass and peered out into the line of trees. “Did we? I don’t remember.”
“He and that kid Stewart were the only ones we saw when we were coming back.”
“Did he ever come back after Katzbuckeln? When exactly did he quit?”
Rob sat down heavily next to them. “He didn’t quit. Everyone just assumed he had because he up and disappeared after Katzbuckeln.”
“Sam saw him that last night of Katzbuckeln. Did he show up the next morning?”
Rob paused, an expression of concentration on his face. “I think the chief of justice said he was last seen by Wanda as he was leaving his bread out to rise that night. He’d been late since he’d attended the celebrations too. She was there making sure everything was good for that next day. If you saw him after though, that is probably the last actual sighting. He lived with his mother, and she said he never came home that night.” Rob’s voice was quiet, quiet enough only Leah and Thiede could really hear. “It’s interesting he was last seen there, as more weaponry had gone missing from the armory again. I doubt if it was the baker stealing it, but if he was in the wrong place at the wrong time, he might have seen something he shouldn’t have.”
“Has more gone missing since then?” Thiede asked.
Rob nodded. “We’ve changed the locks several times, even moved where it’s kept once. I’ve been trying to persuade the president to hire a magic user to lay an alarm for whoever it is. Stuff has been disappearing steadily for over a year now, even third year items. The president won’t let me or Mr. Bjorhus move it to a secret location either. He said it could endanger our safety. We are the only three that should have keys. Which means it’s not just about our safety, it’s because we are also suspects, and if Riley—the baker—was last seen in the education building on the night the largest amount of equipment has yet been stolen, we are also likely to become suspects to more than just stealing.”
“Are you going to tell them then?” Leah asked.
“Of course,” Rob said, leaning back. “It will make the president take this more seriously. Whoever it is isn’t just a common thief; it’s one of us, and—from the looks of it—a murderer. I don’t think it’s just about making a little extra money either.”
“Then what?” Thiede asked, but Rob just shook his head.
“I can’t say anymore. I shouldn’t have said what I have. But I wonder if the academy is as loyal as it pretends to be. I would trust Mr. Bjorhus with my life, and he isn’t a thief. Neither of us is a traitor either.” He stood up and began to correct Luke on his blocking style.
“What’s he trying to say, that the president is stealing from his own academy? He’s wealthy enough he could commission more swords if he wanted them,” Thiede said incredulously.
“Who pays for the academy’s swords?”
Thiede shrugged. “I don’t know, the government maybe.”
“Cheaper to rob than to commission.”
Thiede snorted. “Not for long, unless you count having your room and board paid for at prison adequate compensation. I’ll warn you though, it’s not a place you want to prance around in unless you’ve got the neck of a bull.” He was grinning, as if lost in recollection.
“Have you been there then?” Leah asked, taking the bait.
Thiede looked at her and his grin widened. “I have actually, what a place. You think that the gutters got some low filth, look in the prison. They throw the common little thieves in with men who are awaiting trial for murder. If one of them doesn’t come up for trial, oh well.”
“You almost sound as if you enjoyed it.”
Thiede’s smile dimmed a little, but the expression in his eyes didn’t change.
“Enjoy is a little strong of word. But I understand it. It’s straightforward, and brutal. But less perverse than this society. They may stab you in the back, but they don’t exactly act like they wouldn’t. I’ll tell you a little secret Lamb. I’ve moved in higher circles than this. Nobility may bear the word noble, but there is nothing noble about them. It is like cake made of feces and rotting food decorated in elaborate frosting, with not a layer off center or flower out of place. Let them eat their works, I’d rather live on the streets any day.”

Chapter Twelve

At the end of Sera they moved on from the archery unit to the brief battle axe unit. Leah stared at the lineup of unwieldy weapons in moderate shock at the beginning of their next lesson. Rob had just finished bringing them out and turned to his students with a broad smile. 
“As you can see, we’ve finished the archery unit. We will be spending about a week and a half on battle axes. It is one of my favorite units to watch. Battle axes aren’t all as heavy as their reputation boasts them to be, but they do require a lot of strength to wield effectively. They also aren’t as different from the sword as many people think, but fighting with a battle axe provides a formidable advantage of surprise because most swordsmen aren’t experienced in defending against them.”
Rob continued on, distributing axes and showing them offensive and defensive moves which they practiced the whole of class. Rob had been telling the truth and it wasn’t as heavy as Leah had anticipated. She found the fighting style interesting if nothing else.
	It had escaped her notice that Carlyle had been absent from class until that night at dinner when she learned that he had progressed to the third level. Thiede had also received news, his that he was graduating.
	“When do you leave?” Luke asked, frowning.
	“I’ve had an offer from the erenya, but I think I’m going to travel a little bit, see what’s available. I don’t fancy being at someone’s beck and call all the time. I’ll probably leave in a couple of days, whenever I finish getting supplies and decide where I’m going. Got to take advantage of free food while it’s available.” The erenya was a secretive organization a step above the guard that was every academy student’s dream of getting an offer from after the third level.
	Luke was still frowning.
	“I forgot our two-year mark was almost here. I’ll be out of here too. By the eighth unless I progress. Strange how fast time went.”
	It was disconcerting. She’d been there nearly six months. Six months since she’d left Twilfur. And not much to show.
	Leah sparred against Thiede that evening. It was a closer match than usual, but she still lost. She regretted losing the opportunity to spar more against him—she had always secretly hoped to get good enough to actually compete. The hub over the baker’s murder subsided quickly, especially in the minds of the students, but Leah kept thinking about what Rob had said. There was a murderer somewhere. Someone who had been there for over a year. That meant they could be a student. Someone who could pick locks, someone who hadn’t gone to Katzbuckeln. Or perhaps someone the president had given the key to. 
	After the week and a half, they moved from battle axes to knife work or, more accurately, defending against knife wielders. They learned only as much offensive as was necessary to practice defense. Leah found it the most engaging unit so far. It was fast paced and physical with very little time to think. She found herself paired more often against Luke than Eban now that Carlyle had left, leaving Eban with Ben most often. Sometimes Luke wanted a go against Eban, but never Ben. He didn’t like him much, none of them did really except for Eban. Leah didn’t mind going against Luke, especially in knife work as she was faster than him, but she hated going against Ben. Ben fought like it was real, and he treated her like he treated Eban, meaning they were often on the ground wrestling around. If it had been Eban, she wouldn’t have minded, but something about Ben felt deeply uncomfortable. At any rate, there was a lot of excessive, body-to-body contact that she didn’t particularly enjoy, and she was grateful Luke seemed to prefer going against her to Eban. 
They learned how to break out of knife holds, how to fight a knife fighter with a sword, and how to protect a subject from a knife fighter.
“A knife fighter is at their best advantage when they are in close range, or by surprise. The advantage of the sword is the longer reach. Most knife fighters are street learned and not very skilled, but still very dangerous. More palace guards die from knife wounds than any other injury.”
“Even the plagues going around the guardhouse?” Eban muttered under his breath.
Leah smirked, but dropped it as Rob made eye contact with her. The first several class sessions they practiced defending against Rob since he was the only one competent enough to practice against. 
It was legitimately frightening. Leah was one of the few students without any gashes in her shirts. Rob didn’t always use a wooden knife—seemingly only when he favored smacking students over scaring them. The temptation was to simply extend the sword straightforward to keep an even radius between them, but after watching other students’ failed attempts she didn’t try. He would either knock it aside or watch until the student’s sword tip would begin to waver and drop. Sometimes he ripped the wooden implement right from their hands. The first round Leah had no idea what to do. She had never favored wide strokes, but found herself using them to keep Rob at bay since the contact of blades was negligent. She made clumsy progress backwards successfully evading him, although Leah wouldn’t really call it a fight. 
“Stop, stop, stop,” Rob said, although he was the one advancing and initiating movement. “You can’t just stumble backwards the length of the courtyard like a drunkard retreating after catcalling the wrong woman.”
Peals of laughter broke out. “Many fights are in close quarters. What if I backed you up to a balcony? You have the superior offensive weapon. I can’t get in close enough to strike you very easily, and I should be on defense most of the time. You can reach where I can’t.”
Leah nodded earnestly, trying to make up for the next bout that she was sure was going to be no better.
It wasn’t. He was too fast. He knew how to turn whatever she—or any other student for that matter—tried against them. Whatever advantage they should have did not seem to exist. 
They learned how to fight a knife fighter with only hands, which Leah actually found moderately easier. It felt more natural. 
The following unit would be the sword unit, the downhill leg. Five months left if she didn’t progress. Although she hated it, the academy offered a sense of security in that she knew what she was doing every day. She had a place to live and something to eat and people to associate with. She wasn’t sure if she was more afraid of leaving or staying, not that she had much choice in the end. She might not even be here another year, it didn’t seem like anyone else would be, except Carlyle, and now Ben.
“Really?” Leah asked without thinking when Ben told her the news. Ben was Eban’s friend, but he had progressed to level two after Leah had arrived. He’d been at the academy less than a year in total. He hadn’t even made it to the sword unit yet in the second level, and she assumed that would be his specialization.
“Yeah, Rob put in a good word for me even though I haven’t actually got much from the second level weaponry class. Said I was plenty advanced for level three. And I passed the level two fitness class ages ago.” She’d just been starting to like him, or rather persuading herself to since he would be there the longest of the friend group.
“Nice, congratulations,” Leah said, trying to ward off the feelings of jealousy. Just that morning she had failed the second level fitness test yet again. Her only consolation was that Lucas had passed and she no longer had to avoid him or look over her shoulder.
“Sam, will you come spar against Carlyle. I want him to practice this blocking technique against someone a little quicker.”
Leah rose to her feet, startled out of her self-pitying thoughts. Quick? Why didn’t he pick someone he actually thought was good? Carlyle shifted his grip on his sword, his eyes glittering with the promise of a sound thrashing as he studied Leah. She grimaced at him. Carlyle was probably the most competent of them all now that Thiede had left, but Leah always thought she could take him—theoretically anyways. Of course, that was never how it panned out. In her mind, it was easy to see how he should be countered, and how easy it would be to pick apart his defense, but when she tried to do it, it never came together. She wasn’t as good as she thought she was, and he was deceptively average in the worst of ways—cripplingly easy to underestimate. So quietly good that nearly everyone underestimated him. 
He struck once, stabbing experimentally towards Leah’s midsection. Even if she hadn’t stepped back, it would not have struck. 
“Don’t step back,” Rob said, his hand suddenly on Leah’s back, pushing her forward.
Unintentionally Leah stepped back as Carlyle struck again. Rob pushed her forward. 
“I’m behind you don’t step back.” 
Leah wished furtively that he would return his attention to Carlyle’s technique.
“I am the balcony edge, the wall you’re backed up against, the edge of the fight circle.” Fight circle? When would she ever be in a fight circle? “You can’t step back any further, I’ll stop coming up behind you, but you can’t go further back than me. You owe me five laps in class tomorrow for every time you do.” Leah frowned. This was...voluntary, he couldn’t make her run laps. This was not class. Carlyle’s expression was almost sympathetic.
Leah really didn’t want to run into Rob for reasons other than laps, and she shifted her grip on her sword anxiously. Carlyle was not as good as Lucien. She could win, she could win. Not that she had ever won against Lucien...stop, stop. Fear began lacing its way through her mind even as she tried to beat it back. Of running into Rob, of failing to even hold ground, of how pitiful she was about to be. It was all coming to a head. She just wasn’t good enough, no matter how badly she wanted it. She took a deep breath. It would be fine. It would be fine. She could hold ground. There wasn’t time for this now. 
He attacked, the ferocity of it driving her back past where Rob stood when he stepped out of the way.
“Five laps, push him back, or it’ll be five more.”
Leah was tempted to let Carlyle push her all the way to the forest edge, just to prove that Rob could not threaten her into becoming a better swordsman, but she respected Rob too much to display that much arrogance. He was not her father. Her jaw was tight and she realized she was angry, but she wasn’t sure with whom. When Carlyle attacked again Leah locked swords and shoved him back. It was so out of character for her that it actually worked despite the difference in their strengths. She focused on not running into Rob rather than attacking well, but found she attacked well anyways. She had never thought her offensive abysmal before, but she had to admit there was purpose to her struggle now besides just routine. She was less tactical and didn’t bother looking for opportunities or worry about fighting right. She was moderately annoyed that it was more effective….and exhilarated. She was contending. It felt like an actual struggle, rather than just a sparring match. 
There it was, an opening after she parried. The green fabric of his shirt damp with sweat and wide open. Leah riposted, and suddenly felt a heavy blow to the side of her skull. Everything went black for a split second although she was still aware of stumbling and regaining her balance before her vision came back. The side of her head pounded where he had hit her, but at least she had not been sparring Luke. She would not be standing right now.
“Sorry,” Carlyle muttered quietly so only she would hear.
“Stop holding back Carlyle,” Rob said, scrubbing his face in irritation as they got back into position. “You’re not doing anyone any favors. This will not be a sparring match someday and that person won’t be checking their blows. Don’t knock Sam senseless by any means, but please at least try to win. If you don’t, or rather, whoever loses owes me an etude about the other.” Carlyle frowned. Leah did likewise. What happened to the laps?
“I wasn’t holding back,” Carlyle muttered.
But no... he had been. He had been surprised by the shove, but his defense had not been harried or weak…. just restrained. It burned her to her core. She was the weakest of them. Maybe not in the beginning, but she was now. Carlyle attacked again, and even though Leah had been waiting for it, she was unprepared. She struggled fiercely, parrying quickly, and tried to fight back, but in seconds she had past Rob, not realizing it until he said “Five more laps, and again. Best of five.”
Leah shifted on her feet as they resumed the center of the circle. She could do this, offense, offense, offense. Carlyle stabbed, but it was a feint. Leah turned what would have been a parry into a hard lunge, sure she had him. Carlyle seemed to melt away as his stomach sucked in, and he curved away. Leah’s dark hair hung in her face as she took in a dying tuft of grass amid the dirt, Carlyle’s sword resting on her ribs. She was already too red for the shame to show much, and she rose to her feet, combing her hair back. Such a stupid thing to do. Such a stupid miss. Desperate. She couldn’t even lose with dignity. Leah gripped the leather wrapped haft tightly, feeling keenly the heat of the late evening, the sheen of sweat across ever limb, and Carlyle’s steady hand and gaze. This time, she would atone. 
Leah attacked hard, feinting, stabbing, and side-stepping narrowly. Carlyle’s defense was controlled and he didn’t miss a beat. Suddenly Leah experienced pressure and then pain as her sword fell unwillingly out of her hand. It lay there in the trampled grass, the nicks and scratches in the old wood showing its original color before the constant wear or hundreds of dirty hands. Leah crouched and picked it up, but that was it. Three easy wins. Three desperate matches on Leah’s end. Her eyes burned, an accumulation of a particularly grueling test attempt that morning, a letter from Silas, and now the inability to last even half a minute in a match against Carlyle. She didn’t have to be the best...she just wanted to be adequate, just good enough for something. She successfully swallowed it back, making her mind blank. Next time, next time would be different. A worn out lie. She turned and saw Rob, hands clasped behind his back, mouth puckered slightly in disappointment. Leah lowered her eyes, studying the grass intensely to distract herself.
“Perfect disarm Lyle. Eban, you and Ben next. Here, Sam come here.”
Dread filled Leah, but she kept her expression schooled as she handed off her practice sword and stood respectfully in front of Rob. His expression was unreadable at first, his eyes intent on hers in a way that normally would have made her uncomfortable but was obviated by her numbness. He placed a hand on Leah shoulder and pulled her closer so as to speak more privately.
“Look Sam, you have the ability to be a great swordsman, but I don’t see it ever coming out. Someone obviously put a lot of time and energy into your training, but if this isn’t what you want, that’s okay. There’s nothing wrong with being a farmer.”
Leah could feel the tears brimming in her eyes. From bad to unimaginably worse. Pulling her aside to tell her that it looked like she didn’t want this. Like she wasn’t even trying. That she should be good, but she was not. That no matter how hard Silas had tried to make her a decent swordsman, she was still just Leah—unable to succeed in even the thing she had cared the most about. She could feel the tears growing with the surge of her thoughts so she struggled to stifle it. Later, later. Leah didn’t trust herself to speak, so she just nodded and waited for his hand to drop, staring mutely at the lacings of his shirt. She didn’t blink, worried that if she did tears would begin to fall. Rob opened his mouth as if to say more but closed it and clapped her on the back instead.
Carlyle was watching from his seat in the grass, but he immediately flicked his gaze to Eban and Ben when Leah looked over at him. A kid named Norbert sat next to him, a new participant and friend of Carlyle’s from level three. Leah’s embarrassment burned fiercer. Rob returned to lean against the dining room wall. It would look bad if she left, and they would know she couldn’t take it. But if she staid...Leah knew she couldn’t hold back the tears much longer. It had just been a stupid match, such a stupid thing to cry over. She’d done worse. Ha, she’d done worse, that was true. That was supposed to make her feel better? 
Just one more match, she’d stay one more match so it wouldn’t look as bad when she left. Leah slid down the wall on the other side from where Rob stood, making it hard for either Carlyle or his friend to talk to her. She focused on not thinking about what had just happened or what she was feeling as she pretended to focus on the match. Don’t look so glazed, focus, focus. The tears were no longer brimming, but Leah knew they weren’t far off, and every time a wisp of thought about how miserable she was trailed across her mind, she felt them again. Eban’s and Ben’s match was long as Rob steadily corrected them. She should leave before it was over though, otherwise Rob might choose her to spar again. 
Leah pushed her back against the wall, using it to roll up. 
“See you later,” she managed to Nobert and Carlyle before stumbling off without a backwards glance. 
“You’re leaving?” Carlyle asked, surprised. 
“Yeah, I'm pretty tired.” The tears were falling before she’d even turned the corner but hidden safely from view. They were hot on her face, leaving tracks that itched in their wake. Leah ducked her head and raised her hand to scratch her hair as she walked past people. Where could she be alone? Not her room. The showers maybe—but she didn’t think she would make it that far without being noticed. Leah walked into the woods, cutting towards one of the paths they sometimes used in her second level fitness class. It ran past a secluded stream deeper in the woods, but was still well enough beaten into the earth there was no chance of getting lost.
The plant life and fallen detritus seemed surreal and otherworldly as she stepped on them, her gaze taking in an unusual amount of detail without really seeing any of it. 
She was such a fool for crying over a few stupid mistakes.
But it hadn’t been a good day to begin with. Leah pulled Silas’s brief letter out. He hadn’t written in almost a month, except for brief notes at the end of Ethel’s letters. Leah tried not to fault him for it. He had never been good with words. But she needed him to be. Passing the level one fitness class has seemed to carry her on a wind for a brief while, but it had worn off, and here she was again. Almost unable to find the motivation to move on. So pathetic that her friends took it easy on her and Rob thought she didn’t even want to be here.
Leah sat with her back against the tree hidden from view, just in case any overzealous third level fancied a late evening run. She unfolded the letter and smoothed it against her knee, carefully unbending a folded corner.

Dear Sam,
I hOpe yOu are dOing Well.  I knOW  yOu are. I think Of yOu Often, but        struggle tO      Write.  WOrds seem a pOor carrier for the things Of the sOul, especially in my clumsy  hand. But I at least  Wanted tO try. I hope yOu are dOing Well. I know I already said that, but that is What I alWays hOpe When I am thinking Of you. I hOpe yOu are happy. I hOpe that yOu are as extraOrdinary as you ever  Were.
Silas Beital

Leah tilted her head back as she looked up at the blurred canopy above through streaming eyes. She was not happy. She tried to be. She tried to do it right. She tried every month to pass the second fitness level, but she had officially become the oldest student in that class as of today. Other students had come and left, passing with competency if not with ease. Leah couldn’t do either. She couldn’t run as fast, leap as high, or climb as well. It wasn’t enough, she wasn’t enough. This opportunity was wasted on her. She wasn’t extraordinary, she never had been. She was wasting time and money pursuing an impossible dream. Leah rested her head on her knees letting the letter fall to the forest floor as she let the whole world around her fade out of existence.

 

 Chapter Thirteen

She didn’t really know why she woke up the next morning, but she did. Dust and fuzz clung to her feet as she sat up, staring at the opposite wall. It was earlier than she needed to wake up, but she was awake all the same despite the late night.
The pommel of the sword Silas had given her was worn and familiar under her fingers despite her not having touched it in months. The weight felt unfamiliar and uncertain as she lifted the sword and scabbard. She didn’t buckle it on. 
Leah was just ahead of the first years out of the building and chose a spot that was as secluded as possible before going through the motions. What Silas had taught her, what Rob had taught her, going through every match that she’d lost that she could remember. Parry, feint, lunge. Even Lucien. The most agonizing losses had remained vivid, re-lived too many times. Leah was not as good as any of them, as any of her friends even, but she would be good enough. Even if she was only a guard after this because she’d only passed two levels, she would be one of their best. If not for skill, then for everything else. Hopefully Mr. Valier was right.
The sun was warm on the back of her neck, and she doubted her motivation for coming out here. If months of fitness classes, weapons classes, and extra time with Rob weren’t enough, then why would this make a difference? In truth, it wouldn’t, she decided, but it was better than sitting in her room. Her exhausted arms and legs burned by the time she finished and returned the sword to her room.
As she waited for her fitness class, she massaged her right shoulder, her nerves rising, and then receding. If it wasn’t enough, then it wasn’t enough. If this was as good as she got, then oh well. It wouldn’t be because she hadn’t tried. She had always tried, and now she would try a little harder, give it one last go.
It had seemed impossible for months to run any faster, but somehow, she did. Instead of hanging near the back of the pack as they ran, Leah strove farther forward. Just the middle, just the middle. Her conviction, like so many other times, seemed to fade as she ran, but she doggedly ran on, not knowing what kept her going.
She wasn’t sure how long the extra effort would last and kept herself going only by telling herself one more day. She never came out of her first class with a dry shirt, and never laid down without an aching feeling everywhere. She started running before lunch, sometimes doing a repeat of her class. Rob looked surprised at first to see Leah continue to show up to their sparring sessions in the evening, but he never said anything. She had asked for the practice swords in the beginning, never missed a session, and never left early except that once. She wanted this. 
Her determination surprised her. Even as she continued to lose to Ben during sparring matches, she found herself continuing to work hard. She didn’t need skill, or even luck anymore. She’d gotten all the luck she needed after Katzbuckeln.
Her fear of losing was consumed by her exhaustion and the fact that she had already faced failure of the most spectacular kind. She was already worse than Ben, already the oldest in the fitness class, and the new Mason of her friend group. She’d already been disowned and become a thief, there wasn’t much lower she could go without deliberate effort. As a result, she found herself becoming more and more vicious in her offensive, the hesitation between strikes gone since she had nothing to lose. 
Rob continued to coach her, almost as if their conversation had never happened. He never really seemed to expect her to succeed though, or perhaps it was just Leah’s imagination. She felt like he was always waiting for her to walk away and never come back, to leave it all behind. Which was to be expected as it had been and still was a very tempting choice. On the nights she didn’t think she could do one more day she told herself she’d walk away the next day after breakfast. But it always turned into one more day. She didn’t know if it was because she was brave enough to stay, or too daunted to leave.
The following month she failed the second level test again, but for the first time since she’d attempted it, she was close. It seemed to make up for the lack of progress in her swordplay. 
At lunch Eban sat with a different group, but Ben sat with her and Carlyle, seemingly unaware of their group’s general dislike for him. Surprisingly it was Carlyle that liked him least while Leah sometimes found him agreeable, when he wasn’t being a paedi.
“Where’s Luke?” she asked.
“Sicker than a dog,” Carlyle answered as he bit into the chicken wing. “Puking all night, at least from what I heard.”
Leah hoped fervently she didn’t catch whatever he had. Something was always going around the academy. 
To her dismay it meant something far worse in her weaponry class however. Without Luke she was partner less since Eban had started pairing with another kid named Michael after Ben left. Everyone else was already falling into their usual groups and a deep-seated sense of embarrassment permeated through her. But no, it would be fine. She’d just wait to see if there was another odd man out, and if she was lucky and there wasn’t one, Rob would allow her to make a three some with Eban and Michael. Her eyes locked onto a familiar, and yet not familiar set of brown ones. Ones she always avoided meeting, so much so, she’d once stayed on the toilet for fifteen minutes because she’d heard his voice in the bathroom. Leah curled in shame at the memory, torn as usual between how cowardly she felt, and good sense. 
“Hey Book Boy,” Lucas called out so Leah couldn’t turn and avoid him. “Will you please be my partner today?” He was with several of his friends, students named Anthony and Stralin she thought, and they snickered at the simper in his voice.
A cold wet fear seeped through her as she tried to think. She had not won a sword match in days, weeks maybe. Not since Ben started beating her regularly. But she was not afraid of him. 
“Sure,” she said, making her way towards him and feeling sick to her stomach.
He was taller than her, and smiled as he looked down, a smile that Lucien might have had. They were at the very back of the pack, hard to make out from where Rob was. She recognized several others of his friends, people she had taken care to avoid over the past months because of their association with him. She went to more trouble to avoid him than he would ever go to humiliate her, and in a way that rankled a bit; at least with her father it had been equal. Today, however, she was an easy target.
“Oh, I’m so honored Mr. Book Boy. I don’t know what we’d do without you and your pretty face. Actually get some work done. Probably the real reason you suck. Too busy at night up in the dormitories to get enough sleep.”
Busy doing what? Reading? There was nothing to do at night around here.
People were beginning to spar around them, and Lucas noticed.
“Well I guess we’d better look like we’re doing something Book Boy, or Rob’ll come over, interrupt our little tête-à-tête.”
Leah felt like she was missing something, feeling stupid on top of incompetent, but she followed his lead and dropped down into a sword stance.
“A pansy through and through if I ever saw one.”
Pansy? Like a wimp? Leah wasn’t sure she could deny that.
Lucas swung suddenly, a sweeping, overhead blow. Leah had been caught up in her thoughts and didn’t take full advantage of the imprecision of the blow, and instead stepped back. How stupid. She remembered suddenly how they’d first met. He hadn’t been good then, and they weren’t very far into the level two sword unit. She may not be good, but she suddenly realized that she was quite possibly better than him. He stabbed again, but Leah knocked it aside and riposted. He stumbled back. His friends were watching, and they weren’t smirking anymore. Invigorated, she advanced, attacking with enthusiasm for the first time in a long time. Maybe it wouldn’t be such a bad day after all. Lucas backpedaled, his mediocre form slipping under the unexpected turn of events. Leah grasped his wrist, something she’d seen Carlyle do once, and hit the sword with her own, making it impossible for him to keep his hold. It clattered dully on the hard earth. 
She’d won. 
And then her feet weren’t on the ground anymore, and she bounced hard on her backside. Lucas advanced toward her, hair drifting up and down with every angry stride, fists clenched as thunder rumbled across the sky. 
They were in the middle of class, but nobody had noticed, and nobody would do anything since they were at the back. Leah tried to think. Lightning struck, blinding her vision with its proximity. It was followed immediately by the loudest thunder she’d ever heard, deafening her hearing. Students started screaming and began running en masse inside. Rain began to fall in thick heavy sheets, obscuring her vision and turning everything darker. Suddenly a fist hauled her up by her shirt front, bringing Lucas’s face back into clarity. Water had slicked down his hair and made his lashes cling together.
“Lucas we’re gonna get hit!” yelled one of his friends—Anthony maybe, but it was difficult to make out through the rain.
“Shut up. Not if we’re under the trees. Come on help me grab him. We don’t want this little turon getting away.”
Leah started kicking, but Anthony grabbed her legs. She tried bucking, but a third boy had moved to help Anthony. Her chances would have been bad enough just against Lucas. She should have kicked Lucas right in his manhood when he hauled her up. Did she think someone else would intervene? Why hadn’t she acted immediately?
The boughs of the forest blocked some of the rain, but not the noise of it. Even if she screamed, no one would hear her over the thunder and rain. They threw her down suddenly maybe 100 yards in, the sky and forest spinning together accompanied by the ripping sound of fabric. Before she had even gotten to her knees one of them kicked her hard in the stomach, flipping her onto her back and knocking the air completely out of her. She gasped as she tried to get it back and get up, but Lucas had already grabbed her shirt front again to lift her. The rest of the fabric tore away in his hands, and Leah felt raindrops on her ribs as she stared up through the branches. Get up. Get up.
“Pathetic little daffy. Should we strip you the rest of the way? You might like that, wouldn’t you? Can’t get enough of it. Let Stralin have at you. You’re ‘bout his type.”
He kicked her again, but she was more prepared this time and had time to tighten her stomach. The pain was still considerable. “But first, let’s see how much you can take, eh Book Boy? Or should we call you Bum Boy? Get up.”
Leah stared hard at him, at the rain dripping from the ends of his hair, her thoughts catching up with her for the first time since they’d thrown her down. She laced her hands behind her head. “Make me.”
He threw his boot back to kick her again and as he swung Leah caught the heel and pulled it across her body so that he fell hard on his back. She rolled up to a crouch and moved to lunge at him, but several pairs of hands caught her under the armpits and drug her back. Before she had really begun to struggle Lucas was hard on her, nearly sending her senseless with his first hit to the face. Everything seemed foggy and surreal for a split second—except for the pain, that was real enough—and then it snapped back into place just in time for him to hit her again. His knuckles rolled across her cheekbone and wasn’t nearly as disorienting as the first, but immediately sent her head sharply to the side again. It wasn’t until he hit the same spot again that she cried out, shocked by the sudden uptake in pain.
After several more hits he stepped back and said, “Let him go.”
Leah dropped to the ground, collecting her wits and biding her time. There were five of them. Her best chance was to run for the dining hall. Not an especially promising idea; she should know from level two fitness that she wouldn’t be fast enough. The tips of her hair made her eyelids twitch as she looked at the earth roped with tree roots beneath her hands. Her left eye was swelling.
“That the best you got Bum Boy? Dirty tricks. Get up so I can hit you like a man.”
Leah sat up and stared placidly up at him, the way she had so many times at her father.
“What? You can’t hit like a man from there? Gonna hurt you back? Or are you tired of kicking? Didn’t know they did that in men’s fights either.”
Lucas yelled and dealt an overhead blow not unlike his first one in their sparring match. He was as strong as Luke and much faster. Leah ducked it but he shoved her to the ground, landing on top of her and began really pummeling her. Leah tried to shield her excruciating face with her arms, but she could feel her consciousness slipping away. What then? Initially the worst she’d been afraid of was getting beaten up, but Lucas’s comments made what was left of her coherent thoughts fear whatever perverse abuse they’d been alluding too. Would they leave her alive once they were finished? At first she had not doubted that, but the unrestrained character of Lucas’s rage made her certainty falter. What a miserable last year of her life this had been. To survive the woods only for it to end like this. At least nature had been impartial, with no particular ill will against her. 
And then the pressure from his unmovable girth was gone from her waist. Leah blinked, her vision not as clear as it should have been, especially in her left eye. But she made out Rob dragging a choking Lucas back by the collar of his shirt. He got his feet under him and turned to attack Rob, but Rob caught the larger man’s arm and kicked him in the back of the knees so he fell to the earth, his arm twisted back at an unnatural angle. Leah vaguely made out Lucas screaming as she tried to get up. The other four students watched, unwilling to intervene now that Rob was there. He threw Lucas forward to the ground.
“Stay there,” Rob said, walking past Lucas who was panting on hands and knees. 
Rob roughly helped Leah the rest of the way and she stumbled to try and keep her balance.
“What is this all about?” he said, walking toward the other students. They scattered back but didn’t run. “What exactly is the purpose in beating a student senseless? That was no fist fight. Fist fights are on even ground with two participating opponents. That would have been murder if I had not shown up.”
“He didn’t want an equal fight,” Stralin said defensively. “Paedi wouldn’t even get up. It’s not our fault it wasn’t fair. You just came at the end.”
Rob was so fast she almost missed him as he hit Stralin in the face so hard he bounced against the tree behind him. Stralin grunted and tried to stem the blood with both hands to his nose. Anthony and the other student stepped forward, and then back as they met Rob’s eyes.
“This isn’t the guard, but it’s the training grounds for it. Speaking like that to your superior would get you whipped within an inch of your life. Watch your mouth.”
Rob strode over to Lucas and kicked him hard in the chest so that he fell onto his back. He remained there unmoving, staring up at Rob with murder in his eyes.
“What exactly is the point of beating up a weaker student? There is settling accounts, and then there is savage retaliation on someone not capable or willing to fight back. This was not justice, whatever twisted notion of it you have. Unless you have a very good story Mr. Collom, I’d go pack your bags. Tonight.”
Lucas’s eyes glittered as thunder boomed overhead yet again, though farther off. 
“He molested Stralin in the showers sir. Came up behind him—”
Rob looked over at Stralin and snorted. Leah sized Stralin up as well and was offended. They were about the same height.
“I’m serious sir. He caught him by surprise and nearly knocked him senseless before he could do anything and then—”
“Mr. Collom, if you’re not out of the academy by the time the dinner bell rings, I will come track you down and make you wish you’d never been born. Your own mother won’t recognize you by the time I’m finished with you. And don’t bother trying to get a reference from Mr. Raden, anyone who asks about you from us will only hear that you molested Mr. Stralin in the showers.”
“But sir—”
“Address me again Lucas and I won’t wait for the dinner bell.”
Lucas’s mouth twitched but remained closed. Rob turned away from him, and he got to his feet slowly eyes burning into Rob’s back. Leah moved to follow Rob, catching Lucas’s eye as she did so.
“As for you four, I think I’ll take a note from the president’s book. Seven a.m. sharp tomorrow, or better, right before lunch, that way everyone will see you. The courtyard please. If you’re not there, you’re no longer enrolled in the academy. That will be all.”
He gripped Leah’s elbow and pulled her along and away from them back towards the courtyard.
“I wish you hadn’t covered my back,” he said. “I must admit I was looking for an excuse to do some damage.”
“Sorry sir, I mean Rob.”
“Lucas rubbing off on you?”
“I should hope not, he’s got terrible form.”
Rob laughed. “That he does.” He stopped them at the edge of the line of trees. “Sam, I have to ask what the provocation was for the fight. Knowing you I took your side. I trust you’ll be honest with me though, when I ask if there was any merit to his attacking you.”
Unease made her hesitant. “He has never liked me. Since Luke was absent, he wanted to pair up against me in class....” Leah did not know how to say she beat him. Rob had seen how badly she’d been sparring. “But I...um I beat him, and he was very angry. He took advantage of the storm and drug me off.”
“Anything else?”
“I did provoke him.”
“How so?”
Leah struggled again to find a way to say it that would not sound stupid.
“He didn’t like that I wouldn’t get up, and he didn’t like it when I said something about him not fighting very much...like a man I guess.”
Rob’s face was thoughtful. “It has been suspected for some time that Stralin is...causing trouble, especially among the first years. However, no one wants to come forwards about it. His father is a vidame in the capital so it would be difficult to expel him without a solid case. And we don’t have one, not without any witnesses.” He shifted, trying to find the words he wanted to use. “I can’t tell you much without breaking confidence, but….as I’m sure you are beginning to realize, there is a lot that goes on at this school that is below the surface. This little episode today, well you’re not the first. We haven’t lost a student yet, but many of them have gone home. Although Stralin is graduating soon, your testimony against him would be invaluable. Otherwise he will go into the guard or some other setting with no black marks against him, nobody will know.”
“My word...that he helped hold me back for Lucas to punch today? The only other thing I have is what Lucas said about him.” But Leah wasn’t really sure what it meant; it couldn’t be what she thought it had meant. But Rob was referring to it. He had to be, what else could it be. Stralin was...unnatural.
“What did Lucas say exactly?”
“That Stralin...that he...Lucas said they’d just let Stralin after me. Something about being Stralin’s type.” To her amazement, Rob seemed to accept this completely.
“You don’t have anything else? This is the first trouble you’ve had?”
She’d had plenty of trouble from Lucas, but not that kind of trouble. Stralin, she’d been surprised she even knew his name. That Rob thought that Stralin had been...had been doing something to her...Leah shook her thoughts.
“No sir.”
Rob stared at her hard for several seconds but nodded, either unwilling to press her or believing her. He summoned the physician from Drewton—a man named Robert—while Leah waited in the back room she’d been in with Wanda sweating like a pig. She wished someone would bring her a shirt, and her apprehension mounted at being “examined.” 
She heard footsteps and tried to calm down as Rob and another middle-aged man entered. He had a mustache, kind eyes, and only faint streaks of silver in his hair. She had wished for the most elderly doctor in all of Sowik, preferably with failing eyes. He carried with him a sturdy leather bag clasped together with silver hooks. Her heart beat faster.
“Mr. Sam Beital?” he asked.
She nodded.
He smiled. “This is what it really means to be young, I think. Still upright after being beaten half to death in the woods. The young don’t really believe anything can kill them, do they?” he commented, looking at Rob. 
Leah very much believed she could die. It had scraped by her one too many times since leaving her father’s house.
“It would seem so,” Rob said with a shrug. 
“Why don’t you go ahead and lie down,” Robert said, gesturing for her to do so.
It was the last thing she wanted to do, but she did, shrugging into a more comfortable position as she stared at the ceiling, arms by her side. She had felt less vulnerable when Lucas was beating her face in the forest. At least there was no pressure of politeness to comply to him. She hadn’t seen her face yet, which she thought was the worst—it certainly felt swollen and crusty—but she could see a few bruises blooming along the torso she supposed belonged to her at present. She never thought of her torso as really hers, otherwise it felt too wrong when Ben shoved her in the chest, or now that she was lying shirtless on the examining table in the little closet-like room. 
The man’s fingers explored her budding bruising, wandered over her ribs, and pressed occasionally on her abdomen before asking her how much it hurt. He asked her questions as he did so. Where she was from, who her father was, how she came to be at the academy. The room felt even hotter as she tried to remember the lies she’d told Rob when she’d first got there as well as come up with fresh ones for the new questions. She committed them to memory, determined to get caught out for only something she was unable to prevent. At last he drew back. Rob whispered something she didn’t catch as he leaned close to the physician.
“I don’t think that’ll be necessary,” the doctor said. “He would be in a lot more pain right now, and he has been walking fine hasn’t he.”
“More or less,” Rob said with a shrug.
“Well, I think all is probably well enough.”
Relief blossomed in her as well as displeasure with Rob. She would have chalked it up to his meaning well, but somehow doubted that. He had not taken her at word, at least not completely.
“It would be good for you to ice your face, but I suspect you won’t. Don’t be too alarmed if you pee blood, it looks like you took a pretty good hit to the kidneys. If it continues however, I would come seek me out again. At any rate, there’s very little I can do. If you’re able to walk around I doubt that there is any internal bleeding, and your bruising doesn’t look quite like that either. Take it easy if you can. I’ll do you a favor, take a couple of days off, even a week,” he said with a wink before grabbing his bag and heading for the door. 
Leah slid off the bed, knowing exactly where she was going first. Rob clapped her on the shoulder on her way out, his fingers unexpectedly smooth on the bare skin. She shivered.
“Take care, and ice your face.”
Leah nodded and left the building.
Most of the first years were in the education building, and she didn’t see many of the second years as she made her way to her floor. Nobody really hung out in this building if they could help it, especially during the day. The grungy hallway carpet was almost becoming fond in her mind as she studied it abjectly on the way to her room.
Rob had repeatedly called her the weaker man. It was true. Would she always be known as the weakest? She wasn’t the slowest in her fitness class anymore—she was well into average now—but it had taken her much longer. Perhaps it would be that way with everything else. If that was true then she would keep coming back. 
Leah collected her clothes and mounted the stairs to the top level. The dormitories had been unnaturally quiet due to the time of day, and the bathrooms were even more so. The methodical drip of a leaky pipe echoed in the grimy space as she entered and caught sight of herself in the mirror.
 Leah hadn’t got a good look at herself in the mirror for a while anyways, but the damage made her nearly unrecognizable to herself. Her face wasn’t completely familiar to her yet, and it was distorted by the faint promise of future bruising, a small cut on her cheek, and enough swelling to make her look like she’d been attacked by a bee’s nest rather than a student. Her bare torso reminded her more keenly that she was not herself, and unlike every other time she looked in the mirror, she did not see Leah underneath. She saw Sam, someone that she didn’t know. Sam the nobody from Twilfur who only passed level one fitness because of a lucky break. Sam who was afraid of everything. Of getting lost again, of the future, of a couple of violent kids. 
But she was Leah. Whatever anyone else thought or said. And she was that little girl that wouldn’t bow to her father. Whatever Sandy said, she wasn’t docile; she never had been, she’d just been biding her time. She hadn’t picked that fight, but she hadn’t begged either. She was still the same deep down, she’d just forgotten. She would prove her father wrong, and Rob, and Lucas. 
The rain had chilled her, and for the first time in several months she turned the heat up in the shower, almost until it burned her skin. Pink water ran down the drain into the abyss, but It cleared quickly as she began to soap down. If she stood perfectly still, nothing hurt, but when she moved she felt the areas he’d punched ache. 
Leah lingered longer than usual, her mind sorting through what had just happened. She heard voices but ignored them at first until they became louder and more familiar.
“He’s in here.” Her heart seemed to stop as she heard Stralin’s voice and realized that they were close enough at this point that he could only mean one place: the showers. And there was only one running.
Leah leapt out of the cubicle and grabbed the closest pair of pants, the dirty ones, before jumping into them. The fabric clung and stuck to her wet skin, but they were loose enough she managed to drag them all the way up. She heard running as she fastened them and the curtain to the shower stall was torn open. Water that had quickly chilled seeped from her overlong wet hair down her back. Her pants were completely soaked and there was a puddle forming under her, but what she was most aware of was Lucas’s suddenly calm expression. It was only him and Stralin this time.
	“I don’t know why you bother putting your pants back on Sammy boy. They won’t be on for long.” The space was small and confined, with not much room for maneuvering. The only way out was the curtained arch blocked off by the two of them. A tingling apprehension spread through her limbs as she stared into Lucas’s eyes. Leah couldn’t win against one of them, much less two. There was no way out, and she doubted if help was coming this time. It looked like she would end up being able to help Rob testify, if she was alive.
After they kicked her out of the academy.
“Rob gave me too much time before I leave, you see. And, honestly, passing one level in the guard isn’t going to get me anywhere I want to go….so I don’t see that I really need a recommendation from this tarping place. The only thing I have to do before I leave, is finish up a little business. I’m not really sure if we’ll leave you alive or not, but seeing as how you prevented me from making it to level three, I doubt we’ll be too careful with you, at least after Stralin’s finished with you. I might even have a go.”
Leah snorted, the sound harsh against the cold walls. “Level three. I’m surprised they even moved you to level two.”
Lucas lunged forward, but Stralin held him back, lips pressed to Lucas’s ear as he whispered loud enough for her to hear, “Me first, remember? Then he’s all yours.”
Lucas quieted, regaining his cool. 
Stralin stepped forward into the stall and Leah looked at him, really looked at him for the first time. He was taller than her, though not by much, and wiry in the sort of way she knew belied his strength. His eyes were the brown of wet earth and gleamed with anticipation as he held her gaze. A small smile hinted at his mouth.
“There’s no Thiede anymore to protect you.”
“What do you mean?” she asked. He stepped forward, and without thinking she stepped back, her shoulder blades hitting cold, unyielding stone.
“I think you know,” he said quietly, his smile climbed just a hair. And then he lunged. Leah leapt to the side, curving away from him and made for the door. He caught her leg and pulled her down so that she slammed against the wet floor completely displacing her puddle. And then he was on top of her, his smooth hands on her back stealing the breath from her lungs.
Leah stilled completely as he sat on her.
“Giving up so soon Sam?” Stralin said quietly, his voice low and husky. The water was beginning to settle back under her in the divot in the floor, chilling her spine. He bent low over her until she felt his lips brush the tip of her own ear sending a shudder through her. “I prefer the struggle, but I know for some people it’s just a facade. Can’t look like you want this.”
His weight had shifted when he leaned over, and it gave her enough room to move her hips. She bucked up and threw him, rolling onto her stomach and then her feet. She’d intended to dive for Lucas, but Stralin was so fast getting up that she was only just ahead of him. He dove at her and Leah ducked to the side, adjusting his momentum by a hard shove in the chest which sent his body rebounding against the wall. In two steps she was tackling Lucas. He tried to sidestep, but she caught his shoulder and sent them both to the ground. She was quicker to her feet than him and began to sprint the length of the showers. 
They were right behind her. Leah gripped the edge of the last shower stall to help sling her around the corner and to the door. Water flew everywhere as she sprinted, and her feet felt slick on the frictionless tiles. She could hear them on her heels as the floor changing to moth eaten carpet and she risked a glance back just in time to see Lucas leap at her. She turned her body so she landed on her back and was able to kick him away with her feet as they skidded along the carpet center piece, tearing more of it up from its weak hold and sending bugs skittering. Lucas leapt for her again and she kicked him hard in the face, sending his head ricocheting against the wall of the narrow hallway. His pain-stricken face was abruptly obstructed from her view as Leah was blindsided by Stralin and driven hard into the floor. He gripped her wrists and slammed her back down when she tried to get up, but before he could cut off her legs with his weight Leah wrapped them around his neck and began to squeeze. Immediately he transferred both wrists to one hand and pried at her right thigh desperately. Leah tried to break her wrists apart, but he was too much stronger. Lucas came up into view, nose gushing blood and slightly askew, fist drawn back. And then he was gone, floored by a blur she swore was Ben. 
Stralin was taken enough off guard that Leah managed to wrench one of her hands free at last and decked him as hard as she could in the face. It was lacking power because she didn’t have the space to draw her fist back very far, so she hit him again in the nose that was probably already broken from Rob. He swore profusely and hit his forehead hard against her chest before letting go of her other hand and grasping her throat with both, elbows locked to get some space between them. Blood splattered against her wet chest and neck, diluting in the moisture. Leah brought her feet up and kicked him in the chest sending him stumbling back. And then Ben was pulling her to her feet. 
“Run!” he yelled, and they did, Leah hoping fervently the carpet held as her bare feet dug into it. Footsteps shook the floorboards behind her, and she could tell they were catching up. Ben was pulling ahead of her, but they were close to the stairwell now. She had not slowed down and the steps ran together under her feet as she tried to land on just one of them before slamming into the wall at the landing just ahead of Lucas and Stralin. A hand latched onto her bare shoulder, but the fingers slid off her slippery skin as she scrambled away. She was barely keeping ahead of them as the worn boards slipped dangerously under her feet and she heard Lucas and Stralin swearing behind her. Ben was already starting down the last one, going as recklessly as she. Leah jumped over the railing, landing hard on the stairs below and broke through the boards of one of them. She struggled up and managed to get the rest of the way down, banging out of the door behind Ben into the courtyard. Afternoon classes must have just got out and the dinner crowd was beginning to gather so it was thick with students. Lucas and Stralin burst through the door as well, Lucas’s face twisted in rage as they began to push their way through the muddle. Stralin caught his shirt to hold him back, his cold eyes fixing on her own as he said something to calm Lucas.
She began to laugh breathlessly in relief. She still didn’t have a shirt on and was covered in blood, but she’d come out of the dormitory feeling better than when she’d gone in. Ben gave a nervous giggle that broke into louder laughter.
“I came looking for you since we hadn’t seen you since weapons class. Suspected something was up,” he said, and for once Leah didn’t mind how he seemed to think he knew everything. Maybe he did.
“That’s not the half of it.”
“Stralin’s been trouble since he got here,” Ben said knowledgeably, his voice quieter as he scrutinized the students passing by them. “Lots of rumors about him. Hasn’t been interested in me though. Fortunately.”
“I didn’t think he was in me either,” Leah said as they got into line.
“Finally got around to you?” he suggested.
Someone slapped Leah hard on the back, leaving her wet, floor-burned skin stinging.
“Saw some idiot parading—what happened to your face?” Luke asked disbelievingly.
“You should see Lucas,” Ben said. “Sam broke his nose I think.”
“You picked a fight with Lucas?” 
Carlyle had shown up by this point and his eyebrows rose as he looked at her.
“He picked a fight with me. Drug me off when everyone was heading inside because of the storm. If Rob hadn’t shown up, I’d be tenderized liver.
“Come assault you in the showers too?” Ben asked incredulously.
“Yeah, I almost didn’t hear them in time to pull any pants on. Scuffled in the shower stall and I managed to get away, but they caught back up with me in the hallway which is when Ben showed up.”
“Just in time to see him break Lucas’s nose. Bit off a bit more than they could chew this time,” Ben said with relish. Leah’s goodwill to him increased even more. 
“That’s wild,” Luke said. “What’d they have against you?”
“Beat him in weapon’s class, or so I heard,” Ben said.
She didn’t think she would have another ill thought about Ben ever again.
“It wasn’t even close,” he continued. “Thought he’d pummel Sam in a fight, but even two against one wasn’t enough.”
Leah’s face was on fire. She hadn’t been winning when Ben showed up, or at any point. He just happened to see the only good hit she got in.
“Who else was in on it?” Luke asked. 
“Stralin,” Ben said, beating her to it.
“There was Anthony and some others in the woods too, but those two were the only ones that showed up in the bathrooms.”
“Shoot, I forgot you said Rob showed up. What’d he do to them?” Ben asked, rubbing his hands together gleefully.
The smile on her face grew as she thought about Rob’s reaction. “Lectured them, expelled Lucas, broke Stralin’s nose, and told the rest they’d get a whipping tomorrow at lunchtime.”
“Oho-o,” Luke exclaimed. “Guess the whipping’s really coming back. Glad I’m not long for this place.”
The dinner bell rang, surprising her, and immediately the line began to grow behind them. Once they got through, they sat at their usual table. The subject was just dying down when Eban sat at their table, a first in several days. 
“I was going to sit somewhere else, but then I saw this shirtless paedi and curiosity brought me over.”
“Sam levelled Lucas and Stralin in the showers today,” Carlyle said, smirking at Leah for the exaggeration.
“Explains the apparel,” he said. “I hope you’ve been to see the nurse.”
“Rob called the doctor, not much he could do though.”
“Rob got involved?” Eban asked in surprise, beginning to wolf down the rice.
Ben and Luke filled Eban in on the whole of accounts, the vague details Leah had provided sharpening into an elaborate extrapolation that if true would have left all participants in the infirmary.
The gravity of what had really happened didn’t sink in until she was getting ready to leave cards that night and realized Stralin was still at the academy. Lucas might have been expelled, but she was beginning to comprehend that he had not been the one pulling the strings. One more round turned into two and then three before she persuaded herself to leave. 
“See you tomorrow,” she said, passing her cards back to Carlyle who always dealt. He was the only mutually trusted member in their group.
“I’m going to turn in too,” Eban said passing the rest of his hand in.
“Are you coming to class tomorrow?” Luke asked.
Leah hesitated. A month ago, she would have pounced on this opportunity to skip out for a week. “Yeah.”
“Harsh, thought maybe they’d let you off.”
“Yeah,” said again with a shrug before ducking out with Eban. They’d only gotten a little way from the building when he spoke.
“I’m sorry none of us noticed when you disappeared. We could’ve just done a three some in sparring.”
“Ended well enough. Suppose all is well that ends well.”
“Is it?” he asked. 
Some loose pebbles crunched under her feet as she contemplated him. He had been different lately, ever since Katzbuckeln.
“I hope so,” she said after several long moments. “Are you good? You seem different lately.”
Eban stopped in the middle of the courtyard and looked at her. The weak moonlight made the browns of eyes nearly indistinguishable from the pupils.
“Sam, I wouldn’t lie to you, but I’m not ready to tell the truth either. There is something different, something wrong, but I prefer ignorance to pity.” He started walking again. “I wanted to walk you back in case Stralin thinks three is his lucky number, but I also wanted to ask you, was Stralin just there to help beat you up?”
Leah shook her head. She hadn’t mentioned that part to any of the others, though she thought Ben had intimated to knowing more about Stralin than she did.
“Rob asked me if I would witness against him, but since this was the only incident and nothing happened, I don’t have enough to go against him. It wouldn’t stand.” 
They were in the building now, and began up the stairs, skipping over the broken one. Leah felt a sense of pride in her contribution to the defacement of the building. 
“Do you know why Thiede was disowned?”
Eban chewed his lip. “No, I don’t. My father does though, and Thiede knew that. It was why he never liked me, thought I knew too. Why do you ask?”
“Something Stralin said.”
“Stralin never liked Thiede. I think he thought they’d get on well,” he studied Leah to see if she knew what he meant, and she realized she did. That Stralin had pretty much told her what Thiede was. “Thiede gave him a nasty scar for that, at least I think it was Thiede. Stralin was hospitalized for several weeks. That was right before you got here. Stralin never came forward with who did it, saying he cut himself, but Thiede didn’t show up to any classes that day, and he limped for weeks after. Anyways, Stralin’s steered clear of Thiede’s group ever since. Anyone associated with him really.”
“This one’s mine,” Leah said as they came to her door.
“Nice,” Eban said as he read the graffiti. 
“Distinctive at least.” She hesitated for a second. “Do the rest of them know?” she asked.
Eban shook his head. “I don’t think so. Just that he’s a disowned son of a landgraf. Thiede was always very careful. I don’t know how Stralin knew.”
“How did you know?” she asked.
Eban shifted on his feet. “Rumors, in Iddo. And something I saw once. You?”
“Just today, from Stralin, well from you really. Stralin just insinuated it—kind of. I wasn’t sure until you.”
Eban frowned, but he only nodded. “Night Sam.”
“Good night.”
She lay in bed thinking about the events of the past two days. Thiede had been...inclined towards, she struggled to even think it. The very idea of it had never occurred to her until that day. Thiede and Stralin. The idea of anyone even forcing themselves on someone else was unfamiliar to her. Is that what people meant when they said taken advantage of? For Leah that had been the least of her worries upon entering the academy. Beyond forcing, the idea of two men doing whatever it is married people did that no one had ever told her, was beyond bizarre to her.
Her roommate had already returned so she had locked the door before laying down with her knife gripped under the pillow as she listened to her roommate’s snores. She relaxed her grip. He could come again that night, or bide his time for her to grow complacent, but she couldn’t lose sleep over it, come what may. 
~     ~     ~  
Despite her determination not to be afraid, Leah found herself travelling in packs more often than not and looking over her shoulder. She noticed Stralin where she’d always overlooked him before: in the dining hall, the practice field, and—worst of all—the bathrooms. Some nights she slept easier than others, but she thought of it every night before she went to bed. Days blended into weeks with no further retaliation, and the last of her bruises began to fade.
She was unpleasantly shocked when Luke started packing to leave, his humor self-deprecating.
“To the guard then,” he said as they sat outside watching Ben and Carlyle spar. Carlyle was not thrashing him as easily as he once had, but Ben wasn’t getting any hits in either. “I sort of knew I wasn’t going to make it to level three. Besides, I can’t really see myself in a secret organization, no one would take me seriously.” 
“We’ll probably see you soon,” Eban said. “I’m about to hit my year mark in the second level and so is Sam, I think.”
“Already Lamb?”
“Really?” Leah asked. “Do they kick you out right at the year mark or give it awhile, especially with students who’ve been here less time?”
“I think you just get one year per level. Sometimes leniency is granted to first years and an extra six months, but never on the second level.” Eban said before looking to Luke for confirmation.
Luke was biting a rather talon like fingernail off. He grunted and nodded.
This was it; this was all she got. It was a bitter relief since she didn’t know how much longer she could keep going as she was. There wouldn’t be another Katzbuckeln to boost her up a level.
“All right, all right. That’s good, that’s good,” Rob said, tired of watching the endless bout. “You’re getting much better Ben. Just keep doing what you’re doing. Sam, get over here.”
Leah started and climbed to her feet warily. He didn’t often have her spar Carlyle anymore; he seemed to avoid it ever since he had pulled her aside that one day. Ben handed her the practice sword. The leather on the hilt was nearly ready to give out, but warm and supple under her fingers, providing the necessary grip.
Rob gripped her by the shoulders, staying her from her path. “I don’t want to see Carlyle finish with sword in hand,” he muttered before clapping her once more on the shoulders and releasing her.
The tip of her sword suddenly seemed to become heavier at the unexpected expectation. Impossible expectation. She’d thought he was through expecting things from her.  Leah looked into Carlyle’s dark eyes as she settled into her stance. She had also thought she’d resigned herself to failing but dread still pricked at her stomach making the rice and beans she’d had for dinner churn unpleasantly.
Carlyle didn’t wait to attack this time, lunging forward and stabbing so quickly and forcefully towards Leah’s chest that she nearly didn’t deflect it. His counter-parry followed so quickly that it missed her by a hair as she stumbled back. 
He had gotten better and she wasn’t sure that she had. The pressure that Rob’s words had created and the likelihood of failure was all she could think about. Her form began to slip. It was just like last time. Rob—somehow having regained faith in her—asking more than she was capable of. And her, failing when it mattered most. 
But the match was too quick to really think. Carlyle attacked again, and instead of parrying conservatively, Leah swung hard, the practice swords making a thwacking sound, and sending Carlyle’s sword and sword arm swinging wide. It was not a customary tactic, and she had learned it from Eban. She lunged hard, taking advantage of his temporary vulnerability, but he skipped back, bringing his sword back to the front. 
She was not weaker, at least not in any way that mattered. He feinted, and then did a double feint, but instead of fading back, Leah stepped forward, locking her sword with his strike, and shoving him hard with her arms. He stumbled and fell, his lanky frame bouncing in the dust. Leah tapped his breastbone with her sword, a clear win. Carlyle grinned up at her from where he was propped up on both elbows and shook his head.
“I always knew you were a mean one, deep down,” Luke remarked, while Carlyle accepted her hand to help him up. Leah had a hard time hearing him, and she realized it was because her classmates were cheering at Carlyle’s defeat—they all liked to see him lose occasionally.
Rob gripped her shoulder, leaning close for a moment, his shaggy hair falling into his eyes. “That’s it.”
Leah paired off against Ben and Luke before the night was over, beating them both in close matches. She knew her win against Carlyle had been mostly luck, but she felt different than she had since leaving Twilfur—more like herself—and she believed she could do it. 
It didn’t stop, not the next day, or the day after that. Luke was gone, but Carlyle had started bringing more third years to their sparring practice. She found herself challenged again and again, and she was improving. First just holding her own, and then winning. She started beating Ben again, something that greatly frustrated him. And then she was rarely ever losing to him. Her understanding of how to exploit Carlyle finally blended over into execution as her body at last caught up with her mind—or perhaps it was the other way around.
Lucas seemed to have initiated a change in her. Slowly, but surely, the weight of expectations and fear was falling away. More and more of her classmates left, and Leah found that she knew few people except Carlyle and Ben. Her hope of being approved for third level had resurfaced, and she found herself expecting it, waiting for it. How could they not when she was sparring at the level of the third years? Days and weeks and then two months passed without her hearing anything. 
Shiloh, a third year must have noticed as well because he asked Rob about it one evening in late Martes.
“Why do you suppose they haven’t moved anyone up to third level lately?” Shiloh said, turning to Rob.
Rob shook his hair out of his eyes. “Besides Ben?”
Shiloh shrugged, “Even he was a little while back now.” Most of the third years hadn’t really seemed to accept Ben, as if he didn’t belong there. She suspected it was because he had progressed so quickly. 
Rob shrugged. “Haven’t really seen anyone worth moving up.” Leah stared at the trampled grass. Not worth moving up? She was at least as good as Ben, better now. 
“Not even Sam?” Shiloh asked.
Rob didn’t hesitate, looking at Leah for a moment. “He has not been approved for third level.  His swordplay is adequate, but the council didn’t deem him suitable.”
“There’s a council?”
“How come?” Leah and Shiloh asked at the same time.
Rob addressed Leah’s question first.
“There is a council of teachers and one other figure that observe students and decide who to bring up. I have actually suggested your name this last month, even though you haven’t finished your fitness requirements yet. You are at a level where you should at least be considered, but they do not think that you match the criteria in other ways. They said you lack the intelligence and sharpness of mind that they require.”
The council thought she was stupid? She was being foregone not because of any physical inadequacies, but because they thought she was stupid? How did they even know? Hadn’t she passed the education requirement without taking any classes? She tugged at the long grass between her legs. 
Shiloh switched with Carlyle to spar with another third year named Matthew. Carlyle immediately began talking to Ben on his other side, asking about a parry that had gone wrong.
“I didn’t think that you would pull it together before this was all over,” Rob said quietly. “However, when you first got here, I thought you’d be one of the best students I’ve ever had. I’m not so sure yet that I was wrong. Perhaps the council will change their minds. They’ve certainly accepted far stupider.”
Leah snorted. Shiloh disarmed Matthew with a clattering sound and Leah watched Matthew pick his sword back up, irritated and embarrassed. From what Leah gathered, about half of the third years came to their evening sparring now. They certainly weren’t all shining examples of sharp-wittedness. Maybe the council would change their minds.
She approached her last month with a determination to prove the council wrong. She passed the second level fitness class at last, not exactly with flying colors, but not by the skin of her teeth either. This one she had earned. Eban left that week, leaving her with no one to spar against in her weapons class. The people she ended up with each day were varied in all regards except one—none of them were any good. 
Three days before her year mark she was summoned to Mr. Raden’s office just after weapons class. It was a hot day, and Leah was drenched with sweat, her hair slick enough to stay however she combed it. Feelings of mixed trepidation and excitement swirled in her gut as she followed the first-year student back to the education building. 
Mr. Raden was behind his desk, but he looked up when Leah knocked on his open door.
“Ah, Sam Beital yes?”
Leah nodded at the now familiar name.
“I just wanted to make sure you got your letter of recommendation saying you passed the second level of the academy before you took off anywhere. Your year mark is on the seventeenth yes?”
Leah nodded, taking the creamy piece of paper folded into thirds that he handed to her. 
“Thank you, sir.”
“As you already probably know, you must be gone by that date, but we wish you the best of luck in your endeavors. As you know the guard in the capital is always hiring.”
Leah looked up into his pale, yellowed eyes and nodded.
“Thank you again Mr. Raden.”
“That’s all then. Thank you, Mr. Beital.”
Leah turned, the wooden floors creaking quietly under her as she left. Students were still filing out from some late classes and Leah fell in with them, tucking the letter into her pocket, careful not to wrinkle it. That was that. 
She lingered in the cold water of the shower, washing off the oppressive heat of the day. It was the first time in a while that she’d stayed in the shower longer than absolutely necessary. 
Not exactly a failure, but hardly a success either. Just because she’d missed the first-year culling and was a second level graduate didn’t make her extraordinary. She was better now than when she came, much better, but not in the ways she’d thought she’d be. It felt like she’d come to the academy just to learn how to get herself together, something she should have learned a long time ago. It was the one thing Silas hadn’t been able to teach her. 
The soap was gritty against her skin—it hadn’t come out quite right—but she soaped down at last and got out, toweling dry and dressing in the stall.    
She walked into a conjoining chamber where the toilets and sinks were and stepped into the farthest stall, sliding the grimy bolt across. It was one of only two that weren’t broken. The rest students had to hold closed with their feet, if they cared enough to do that, which most didn’t. She hadn’t been in there for long before two other students entered and began conversing quietly.
“I dunno if I like the way his plan is going. I understand for the greatest good for the most and all but I’m not sure if this is the way to go about it.” That was Shiloh. Leah leaned forward on the toilet.
“He knows more than we do, trust him, and what we’re doing. Remember the cause.”
“The cause?” Shiloh scoffed. “We both know that I didn’t sign up for the cause. I agreed for the money and because I didn’t have much choice at the time.”
“I don’t think he’ll take kindly to you backing out,” replied the other kid. “I don’t think that that baker was an accident. I think it was him, whatever he says.”
“Relax,” Shiloh said. “I’m not backing out. I’m just saying this isn’t what I expected.” 
“Listen, we just need to—” He stopped as another group entered the bathrooms. Leah thought she heard him say something else but couldn’t make it out over the sound of the other students. She waited a while to be sure she wouldn’t be noticed before she left the stall. 
As she packed her bag that night, she continued to mull it over. Shiloh and that other student were in on something. Something that had ended up with Riley dead. What had Rob meant when he’d talked about the academy not being as loyal as they pretended to be? Not as loyal to the king, or to each other? Were they recruiting students? What was meant by the greatest good? Leah thought back to what Thiede had said, about the nobility being a rotting cake. In some ways it was true. Their whole world was so different from this. The rules were so different, priorities. Even though Leah was no longer part of that world, parts of it still called to her—the culture, the freedom she had had. She had freedom now, but a different kind. Here she was free to choose; there she had been free to live. There was no concern about food, housing or future wellness. Leah didn’t know what she would choose, had she been given a choice. At least in her life before she’d known what to expect. Here she knew almost nothing. Her luck could turn and she had nothing to fall back on.
She carefully smoothed the threadbare shirts into the ugly flowered bag. She didn’t know where she would go tomorrow. The shirts began to blur. Leah clapped a hand over her mouth, trying to stifle the sobs. Her roommate might come back at any time. 
The academy had become comfortable, at least as comfortable as it could become. She knew what she would be doing from day to day, and there had been a plan. Now she had none. She turned and sat on the bed, covering her face with her hands and breathing deeply. The guard was always hiring. That was true. But she heard worse and worse things about it the longer she stayed at the academy. It was for everyone who barely scraped by the first level—not that Leah had any right to snub any opportunity, but there she would be one of many, unlikely to gain a secure enough position in four years to withstand her changing back into Leah. But, if she was honest, she in part did not wish to go there because that was where everyone who had nowhere better to go went. 
So that was probably where she belonged.
Luke would be there, Eban maybe. That thought warmed her. She craved stability, craved to be surrounded by people she knew more than in passing. Adventure was like vanilla, the thought of it, the very smell of it incredibly appealing. The taste…. the taste left her wishing for home. For Ethel’s unwanted hugs, Silas’s lumbering gait, and a place that she belonged. But it was not the way forward, at least not for now.
Leah let it all dissipate and closed the bag. She’d figure it out in the morning.

