LEAVES FALL

by


Steve Weissman



Copyright © 2020 Steve Weissman

All rights reserved.

ISBN: 978-0-6488482-2-6


Cover photo by Aaron Burden. 
Many thanks to Aaron for sharing their work on Unsplash.
Table of Contents

Chapter 1 - London, 1655

Chapter 2 - East Thorsland 

Chapter 3 - Larry's Birth 

Chapter 4 - Odd ones 

Chapter 5 - Thailand, today 

Chapter 6 - Jan's Birth 

Chapter 7 - Yeah... sure...

Chapter 8 - Jan comes Home 

Chapter 9 - Enjoy, enjoy 

Chapter 10 - Three reasons 

Chapter 11 - Rocks 

Chapter 12 - The Flower Woman 

Chapter 13 - Cali still can't 

Chapter 14 - Jan's dilemma 

Chapter 15 - Help 

Chapter 16 - East Thorsland's beautiful, but...

Chapter 17 - Rare ones 

Chapter 18 - What's that?!

Chapter 19 - Rare

Chapter 20 - Butch who?

Chapter 21 - Blue eyes 

Chapter 22 - Larry's confusion 

Chapter 23 - Larry's arrival 

Chapter 24 - Jan's refusal 

Chapter 25 - What's garbage?

Chapter 26 - Dead stuff

Chapter 27 - Dazed 

Chapter 28 - Tears 

Chapter 29 - Getting ready 

Chapter 30 - Never been done!

Chapter 31 - Earth visits 

Chapter 32 - Leaves

Chapter 33 - Teachers 

Chapter 34 - Butch 

Chapter 35 - Cherries

Chapter 36 - Goodness 

Chapter 37 - One hair 

Chapter 38 - Ice Cream Man 

Chapter 39 - Larry could help 

Chapter 40 - The dead leaf 

Chapter 41 - Cali leaves 

Chapter 42 - Jan's ready 

Chapter 43 - Larrry's ready 

Chapter 44 - Intercognive!

Chapter 45 - A leaf flutters

About the Author

Steve's 12 stories

* * * * *
Chapter 1
London, 1655

* * * * *

Pitch black of the darkest of all nights.
A deafening howl of wind flies through the streets as the light of dawn rises from the horizon.
Thousands of leaves blow in the fierce gale.
The day brightens as the winds die down.
A soft misty rain.
Hospital wagons ramble on the cobble-stoned paths.
A frenzy of activity as the dead picked from the gutters outnumber the healthy.
A LONDON GAZETTE lands on the ground with the date, "Friday, September 7, 1665". Heading: "DAMN THE PLAGUE".

* * * * *

A dismal Autumn day in a church cemetery.
Many very tired people encircle the proceedings, as a casket lowers into the ground.
Eugene, 35, puts his arms around an older couple.
He speaks softly to them, "Your daughter was my love. I wish we had married."

* * * * *

An overcrowded, busy and understaffed hospital.
A doctor moves from bed to bed, in obvious distraught. A nurse puts her hand on his shoulder.
Eugene sits against the wall near a window, bent over, holding his head.
The doctor laments, "We can't beat it, just no damn cure."
Nurse, "Doctor--"
Doctor, "God's curse! If only we could fight Death face on."
Eugene stares out the window.
Leaves fall.
He coughs.
Eugene, "Doc, maybe it's God's teaching. Leaves die, too."
Eugene coughs harder... harder... vomits.
The doctor agonizes, rushes to him, "Oh, no! Eugene, no, not you!"
Eugene is in intense pain, "Doc, my only regret is my true love died before we married. But..."
He coughs violently, "the good often die young... keep doing good... Death is God's biggest challenge..."
Eugene fails to finish his words.

* * * * *
Chapter 2
East Thorsland

* * * * *

A circle of palm trees in an open area of tropical gardens - late afternoon.
To the right is a single big leafy green tree.
Many wide bench-chairs form a circle around a higher one.
Two men, golden-bronze colored skin, casual clothes, heads shaven, eyes closed, sit cross-legged in meditation postures, facing each other.
Cali, 35-ish, sits in the center, straining, sweat pouring off his face, down his arms.
Ruda, 60-ish, sits on a lower chair, coaching, "Harder, Cali, harder."
Cali collapses, exhausted and defeated.
Ruda, "Not bad, but Marana will rip your arms off and get you in the knees halfway through. You were doing fine until then."
A frustrated Cali looks at Ruda, "I just can't get over that point."
Ruda, "Watch Deena tomorrow. I'm sure she will conquer Marana in her battle."

* * * * *

Darkened sky.
Looking downward, from a distance, is the circle of palm trees and one big leafy green tree, now seen to be on a hilltop.
All sway madly as wild winds blow horrendously from every corner.
A valley lies below.
Within the circle, the wind is calm.
There sits an unusual gathering of sixteen people, all with heads shaven, golden-bronze skin, casual clothes, so it is nearly impossible to tell whether they are men or women.
Sitting on the bench-chairs, they form a circle around one who, judging from the smallness of frame, is a woman.
Cali and Ruda are there.
One outer chair is empty.
The woman in the center sits cross-legged in meditation posture.
Nothing is heard, but Ruda seems to be talking.
Sporadically the woman in the center shudders.
The winds stop, the sky brightens.
Sitting very tall and still, she smiles.
Her body glimmers and slowly disappears.
The group appears overjoyed.

* * * * *
Chapter 3
Larry's Birth

* * * * *

In the valley lies a peaceful garden in a temperate climate springtime setting.
A woman, Dara, the "birth" welcomer, appears to be about 35, sits on an elegant marble seat which floats in the air.
She wears a soft off-white, flowing dress.
A frightened man, Mel, 40-ish, hides under a table.
Dara appears to be talking to him calmly.
He slowly crawls out.
Both also have golden-bronze colored skin.
Mel gets very excited, yet Dara sits relaxed.
After a few moments, she points off to the side.
Mel walks that way 50 yards, stops, looks up at the sky, stunned.
Ever so graciously another man, Livingston, about 35, comes floating.
His body is erect, arms crossed, doing flips and twists.
Wearing an elaborate outfit, he looks like an Olympic diver and gymnast put together.
He softly lands next to Mel.

* * * * *

Dara grabs a book, which floats nearby.
She reads, "So, who's next? Oh... what a fascinating man. And why not, everyone here in East Thorsland had such an interesting life before being born here. But, gee, this man seems so very different to everyone else. Almost... almost unique-- I'll name him Larry.
Out of thin air, appears a simple looking man, about 35, with a simple looking face, not too tall, not too short, similar golden-bronze skin, wearing a typical looking shirt, typical pants and unusual black boots.
Other than his boots, he doesn't look unique at all.
In fact, he looks plain and average, and very confused.
He looks at Dara, blinks, takes a step toward her and falls down.
Dara smiles, "Welcome to East Thorsland, I'm Dara. How are you, Larry?"
Bewildered, Larry gets to his feet, "Huh, who? What? Where am I? Why did you call me, Larry? Huh, what's going on? Where is uh, where is uh, I'm not sure what's happening..."
Dara, "That's okay, Larry, don't worry. Those thoughts will pass soon. You are still remembering parts of your last life. You came from Earth. And you were a very good person there. In fact, rather unique. That's why you have been reborn here."
Larry looks around, "Is this Heaven?"
Dara, "It could be this is one of them."
Larry, "You mean there are more, one for Jews, one for Christians, one for Muslims and all?"
Dara, "No, it's not like that, but I don't have that information. It's not part of my job. I'm just Dara, the welcomer of East Thorsland. I've only done this for 113 years, so I'm still new at it."
Larry, "East Thorsland? Huh? Where's East Thorsland?"
Dara, "East Thorsland is right here. You don't need to know where it is because you are already here. Only people who aren't here, need to know where it is. And you won't get lost here either, so you needn't know how to find East Thorsland."
Larry looks at Dara as if she's "from outer space", which is not far from the truth, "I'm not too sure, uh..."
Dara, "That's okay, Larry, we all felt the same when we arrived. That will pass, believe me. You will be far too happy to worry about anything. Let me give you some information."
Larry, "Wait, uh, who's Larry? My name is uh..."
His face changes to an elated expression, "Hey, my name is Larry and by golly I'm in Heaven! And, oh my gosh, look at my body! What a color! Gee, I feel so strong-- Hey Dara, what's all this info of East Thorsland. Isn't East Thorsland just Heaven and... everything's just perfect here?"
Dara, "Not too fast. Slow down. You need some details. Then you can discover this fantastic place. First, East Thorsland is East Thorsland, if you want anything, you can have it. Second, everyone here is wonderful and did good deeds in their past life. That's why we are here. Third, all of us meet a true mate. We never know when, maybe today or not for a long time. Just remember you will meet your true mate here, so you need not worry about that."
Larry, "Wow! Sounds marvelous! But do people really have sex in Heaven?"
Dara, "Again, Larry, this is not really 'Heaven' and you're right, there's no sex here. We have intercognive instead of intercourse."
Larry, "Intercognive? Huh?"
Dara, "Don't worry for now. It will sort itself out when you meet your mate."
Larry, "Yeah..."
Dara, "Last is that East Thorsland is your just reward for having been such a good human. Have a good time, there's more to learn day by day."
Dara steps off the floating seat, folds her arms, slowly raises in the air.
Larry's in awe, "Hey, Dara, how do you do that?"
Dara, "Just cross your arms or legs and off you go."
She floats away.
Larry, "Wow, flying, this really is Heaven. I thought we'd have wings, halos and such, oh well, here goes."
He crosses his arms, lifts off the ground.
Larry shouts, "Eureka!" waving his arms full of joy. But with arms unlocked, he drops to the ground with a thud!
Larry, "Oh, oh, what did I do wrong?"
Undaunted, he tries again.
This time he looks up to see if any tree branches are above.
With his head up, he sails like a back dive off a diving board, and crashes into the ground.
Larry, "Oh, oh, oh..."
Livingston hovers in doing soft flips and twists.
Larry staggers up, marvels watching Livingston land as soft as a feather.
Livingston, "Hello, Larry, my name's Livingston. Can I help you with flying lessons?"
Larry, "Why, huh, how did you know my name, Livingston? And, well, this flying stuff. Uh, it's not really that hard, I was just kinda playing."
Embarrassed, Larry looks away.
Livingston, "We all learn names pretty quickly here. As you are new and I am East Thorsland's Expert Flying Instructor, I thought you might like a few tips. Here watch."
Livingston performs flying aerobatics as superbly as ever could be done, like the most gifted gymnast, diver and dancer all rolled into one, and all in slow motion.
He lands, "Want some lessons now?"
Larry's overawed, yet still does not want to appear inept.
Larry, "Very good, Livingston, but, uh, it's fine for now. Thanks anyhow."
Livingston, "Okay, just call me if you want help."
Livingston floats off as smoothly as he had arrived, yet shaking his head, "Gee, rare as rare can be. Never, ever had a person refuse my flying lessons in 3,200 years..."

* * * * *

Dara stands amongst a blaze of colors-- a thousand-colored Rose Garden.
She looks up to the sky, "Honey, are you there?"
A smiling man's face with a full beard lights up.
It's obvious from his appearance, he is a truly lovely man, "Yup, luv, what's new?"
Dara, "A very unusual man has just been born. In fact, he's very unique. I think you should welcome him as soon as you can."
He winks, "Okay, hon, probably in three days."
Dara, "Should be perfect, dear, thanks."

* * * * *

Back to Larry as he stands, distraugh, "How embarrassing. Now look what I've done, just told the flying expert to go away. Now what?!"
Four men, dressed very smartly, float in erect postures, land near Larry.
Tom, "Hi Larry, I'm Tom."
Wit, "I'm Wit."
Tub, "I'm Tub."
JT, "And I'm JT."
The men tap a jig in unison, "The Men's Expert Etiquette Instructors are now here, and we will give you lessons on how to have happiness in East Thorsland."
Larry, "Oh, uh, yeah, uh..."
Tom, "Don't worry one little bit, Larry. We will help you with everything you need to know to start having your own fabulous happiness. First you need to know how to eat."
Larry, "Eat, we have to eat in Heaven?"
Tom, "Oh, yes, ha, ha, at least five times per month. But you can eat every day if you want! In fact, everyone eats everyday, lots of times, because eating is so much happiness! You can just eat and eat and eat. You won't get fat, you won't look any different at all."
Tom licks his lips, rubs his stomach, rolls his eyes, and waves his arms all around.
The other three stand behind Tom, mimick his actions like a dance team.
Tom, "You will always look just perfect no matter how much you eat. Just pop the food in, chew it, taste the delicious flavors and it's gone, just disappears. Then you can eat more and more and more and have lots and lots of happiness!"
Larry, "Sounds marvelous! Where's the food?"
Tom, "Right here. How's some cherries?"
All four touch left pinkies to their mouths, wave right hands in the air, deep red cherries appear in each hand.
Tom, "Here, have a few."
Larry, "Wow! Delicious!"
Tom, "Next Smoogie-oohoohgie!"
Larry, "Smoogie-oohoohgie, what's that?"
Tom, "Our amazing specialty in East Thorsland. Absolutely deliciously scrump-ti-li-ous! Here it comes."
More hand movements - instantly four round cakes appear with caramel and white crème woven all over it.
Tom, "Now, you have to know how to eat Smoogie-oohoohgie correctly, or it just doesn't taste the same. Watch!"
Each sticks his face right into the middle of the Smoogie-oohoohgie, breathes in the whole cake all at once, licks their lips and wipes their arms across their mouths.
Tom, "Oh boy! Scrump-ti-li-ous."
The other three congratulate each other and Tom, "Absolutely, ab-so-lute-ly!"
Larry, "Wow, do another, let me have a go."
Tom makes another, gives it to Larry who "eats" it.
Larry, "Wow, indeed-deedy, absolutely deliciously scrump-ti-li-ous!"
Tom, "There's some examples. Now see if you can make some cherries."
Larry, "Okay."
Larry has a go, and one peanut appears in his hand.
Larry stares, "Oh..."
Tom, "Don't worry, just takes practice. Wit's the dressing instructor."
Wit, "Right, Larry, here's the scoop. Nobody wears the same old clothes day after day in East Thorsland."
Larry, "They don't?"
Wit, "Oh! Of course not. Except, uh, the Garbage Man..."
Wit looks around anxiously.
"But, don't you worry about him. There are much more important things here. You have to know how to change your clothes, so you can put on more dazzling clothes every day. Lots of us change our clothes many times a day. It's just so much fun, so blissful and happy."
The four all straighten their shirts, brush off their pants.
Larry, "Um, yeah, I guess so."
Wit, "Here goes. Touch any clothes with your left pinky, wave your hand around where you want new ones and think clearly what you want. Watch!"
They all now sport colorful royal tuxedos, with tails!
Larry, "Very nice, Wit, why a tuxedo?"
Wit, "The Balls, Larry, the balls!"
Larry, "The Balls?"
Wit, "That's for later, don't you worry. Watch my favorite sports outfit."
Now they shine in various tennis gear.
Larry's a bit bored, "Yeah, Wit."
Wit, "Now your go. Try a tuxedo."
Larry, "Uh, okay."
Doing everything like Wit, Larry now has on a pink shirt, blue overalls and green gumboots.
Larry, "Hey, uh, my black boots..."
Wit, "Don't worry, Larry, takes practice. Now Tub is the hairdo instructor."
A bewildered Larry looks at his blue overalls and green gumboots.
Tub, "Right, time for your hair."
They all stroke their hair lovingly.
Larry, "Something wrong with my hair? I mean, my clothes, what happened to my old clothes?"
Tub, "Don't worry, this is East Thorsland. Your old clothes can come back just the way you got your new ones. Now I have to teach you how to do your hair."
Larry, "Aw, my hair's uh, it's really okay--"
Tub, "Larry, everyone here just loves to do their hair. Except, uh, the Garbage Man, and, uh the Odd Ones..."
Tub looks over his shoulder.
"Uh, but don't worry about them. There's much more important things here. Doing your hair is just fantastic happiness! Many of us do our hair three or four times every day. It's so exciting. Any hairdo is just a little wave away!"
Larry, "Odd Ones? Huh? Uh, Tub, can I guess how to do my hair?"
Tub, "Sure, go ahead."
Larry, "I touch my left pinky to my hair, wave my right hand over my hair and I will get a new hairdo."
Tub, "That's it, you've got it!"
Larry, "Since that's how to do it, can we just skip that one for now? uh..."
He tugs at his clothes, "I'm going to need some time with my clothes. I'm a bit worried I could get stuck with a not so attractive hairdo, you know what I mean?"
Tub, "Oh, don't you worry. Every hairdo in East Thorsland is just super dooper rooper. But if you want, we can skip that. Last, is how to paint. JT is the painting instructor."
Larry keeps looking over and pulling on his clothes.
JT, "Larry, this is the most fun thing you can do in East Thorsland."
The other three rub their palms in delight.
Larry, "As much as Smoogie-oohoohgie? That's absolutely deliciously scrump-ti-li-ous!"
JT, "You got me there. I'm not sure anything in East Thorsland matches Smoogie-oohoohgie, but food is one happiness and painting is another."
Larry, "Is it equal to clothes and hairdos? I'm not really into them, but food, if it's as good as food..."
JT, "Well, let me teach you how to paint and you make your own decision. For me painting is an ultimate happiness. Here's how to do it. First you make a board."
Using his two pinkies, JT makes a square in the air, a floating board appears.
The other three clap.
JT, "Look at something you want to paint. Say that tree. Take a look at it, close your eyes, keep the image of the tree in your mind and blow it on the board. Watch."
JT produces a picture of the tree.
Larry, "Pretty neat, JT."
JT, "That's not all. You can paint on it anyway you want. Say I want some yellow flowers. Watch."
JT touches his left pinky to the board.
With his right pinky he kinda throws it at the tree.
Yellow flowers appear at every spot where his right pinky points.
The other three, "Well done, well done."
JT, "And you can change everything."
JT does all sorts of right pinky movements changing the colors, shapes and nearly everything on the picture.
The others do similar motions, then jostle each other merrily.
Larry, "Wow!"
JT, "And trees aren't all, you can make a painting of anything. Watch this."
He makes a new board, looks straight at Larry, closes his eyes, blows - a picture of Larry.
The others clap.
Larry, "Hey, that's really something!"
JT, "Watch some more."
JT changes Larry's hair, puts on a beard, etc.
JT, "Now, why don't you have a go. Make a painting of me, I just love to see paintings of myself."
Larry, "Yeah, uh okay..."
Larry tries the same way, and produces a picture of a chair.
JT is dismayed, but, "Don't worry, Larry, just takes practice. If you ever want more help, just call us."
Larry, "Uh, thanks very much, guys."
The four men float away.
Tom speaks to the others, "Hey?"
JT, Tub and Wit, "Yeah, he's really, really strange."
Looking at his overalls, Larry shakes his head.
Larry, "Hey, Wit, my boots, my black boots, uh, oh shucks, they're gone."

* * * * *
Chapter 4
Odd ones

* * * * *

The Lennis court & garden setting - a beautiful afternoon.
Lennis is similar to Tennis, however: the court floats in the air.
Players have tennis racket heads on each knee.
Two miniature Frisbees travel together, swirling, across the net hitting the knee-rackets and returning.
Many play.
Butch, 40-ish, an old timer, teaches Larry and Mel how to enjoy East Thorsland happiness.
A strikingly good looking blond, and very vain, Butch continually strokes his hair.
Butch, "And here's our spectacular Lennis courts. Heaven sure is fabulous, eh, Larry and Mel?
Mel, "Sure is, Butch."
Larry, "Uh, yeah, but why did Dara say this isn't Heaven? Everything's perfect."
Butch, "Don't you worry one bit. I've been here 40,000 years and it's just bliss everyday. I'll teach you two every magnificent way to be happy. Here have some more cherries."
Butch waves his hand in the air, cherries appear.
Larry, "And my mate! When do I meet my mate?"
Butch, "Hey man, don't you worry. This is East Thorsland and we all find our true mate here. Besides you've only been here three days, give it some time..."
A male voice bellows, "Garbage, hey, hey, hey garbage. Does anyone have some garbage?"
Mel, "Oh no, here he comes again."
Larry, "Who?"
Scruffy work boots appear, dirty overalls, a torn shirt, oil stained hands, a three day beard, uncombed hair a few inches long.
Over his shoulder he carries a big dirty bag half filled with something, slightly bent over.
Garbage Man, "Garbage, hey, hey, hey, does anyone have some garbage? Hey, hey, hey Mel, got some garbage today?"
Mel, "No, uh, no, Garbage Man."
Garbage Man, "Too bad, hey, hey, hey Larry, got some garbage today?"
Larry, "Uh..."
Butch, "Just say, no, he's really strange."
Larry, "Uh, no, Garbage Man."
The Garbage Man looks intensely at Larry for a few moments.
Garbage Man, "Too bad. I think maybe another time. Don't wait too long, Marana will get you first!"
The Garbage Man looks at Butch with an expression like, "Well, I've asked you for 2,000 years. Any change today?"
Butch smiles curtly at him, turns his look away, strokes his hair.
The Garbage Man walks off, "Garbage, hey, hey, hey garbage. Does anyone have some garbage?"
Larry, "Butch, what is garbage?"
Butch, "Don't know, nobody knows, cause there's no such thing as garbage here in Heaven. That weird guy started asking me if I had garbage over 2,000 years ago. Don't worry, he's just really strange."
Larry, "And Marana, who's Marana?"
Butch becomes very upset and fearful, "Uh, Marana... now, now don't you worry, okay? Okay, now don't you worry, I'll take good care of you."
Larry, "But..."
In the distance Cali appears floating.
Another regular, "Oh, no, now look over there!"
Butch, "An Odd One! I have to go visit Rog."
Another regular, "He's the leader! I'm with you."
Mel, "Wait, don't leave me!"
All regulars, including those on the courts, fly off except Larry, who sits bewildered.
Cali lands gently, looks at everyone leaving.
With a soft compassionate face, he takes a deep breath.
Very relaxed, he eyes Larry with his cherries, "G'day Larry. Name's Cali. How ya doing?"
Thoroughly confused with everyone leaving, Larry can't get any words out.
Larry, "Uh, uh..."
Cali, "No worries, my friend. Yeah, I'm a real Odd One. Ya first, right? Well I'm not that weird, now am I? I mean, now if I had three arms or four heads or something like that, then I'd be really odd, eh?"
Larry, "Uh, yeah, uh..."
Cali, "Well, the thing is, my friend, if ya ever wanna know more... y'know really more than just getting happy making cherries, ya just ask for me. And remember not to wait too long or it may get too late, and Marana will get ya first. okay, got it? Ya take care now."
Cali slowly rises, flies off as the sun sets.
Larry's frozen, "An Odd One, a real Odd One..."

* * * * *
Chapter 5
Thailand, today

* * * * *

Over 350 years later.
A Thai Airways plane flies into Bangkok Airport.

* * * * *

A man, 50, and woman, 45, walk out of the luggage area, look around, spot a Thai man, Samai who holds a sign, "Ajahn Trevis, Ajahn Amber."
Ajahn Trevis, "There's Samai."
Khun Samai, "Ajahn Trevis, Ajahn Amber, welcome back."

* * * * *

A red sedan exits the airport, weaves through the traffic, drives out of the congested areas onto a quiet two lane road, leaving the city behind.
Ajahn Trevis and Ajahn Amber sit in the back.
Ajahn Trevis, "Do you think she'll make it?"
Ajahn Amber, "She's been so kind and so wise. If anyone deserves enlightenment, she does. They say the moment of death is a good chance."
Ajahn Trevis, "She's been the best teacher I've ever had."
Ajahn Amber, "Me, too. We've been to so many, but when we met Ajahn Mary, I knew she was the best teacher in the world."
The car reaches a large hall with no walls.
Hundreds of people sit inside.
Ajahn Trevis, "She predicted tonight."
Ajahn Amber, "I hope we aren't late."
Ajahn Trevis and Ajahn Amber get out, go inside the hall.

* * * * *

In the Meditation Hall, a 90 year old Western nun, Ajahn Mary, sits in meditation on a raised platform.
Large pillows rest next to her.
Behind and to the sides are 40-50 more Nuns, Thai and Westerners.
On another side of the hall is a similar array of Monks.
Hundreds of lay people sit, looking anxiously toward Ajahn Mary.
A young Thai Nun kneels near the old Nun, puts her ear close to the elder's mouth.
The young Nun turns toward the center of the hall with a microphone, "Ajahn Mary feels the time is close. She would like to give a final teaching, then enter meditation. Listen carefully. What she tells you will be very important."
She puts the microphone in front of Ajahn Mary, who coughs and wheezes.
Spontaneously a strong wind blows, with leaf upon leaf floating into the hall, falling over everyone.
Ajahn Trevis puts a leaf in his pocket.
Ajahn Mary, "Marana Sati. Marana Sati. Remember these leaves dying. As my body will do, verily also your own body will do the same. Anytime, anywhere, anybody, anyhow."
Ajahn Mary closes her eyes and takes her last breath.

* * * * *
Chapter 6
Jan's Birth

* * * * *

Dara's Welcoming Garden.
Sitting in her floating chair, Dara reads, "So, who's next? A Rare One! Why, I've never met a Rare One before. Over 400 years and this is my first Rare One. Okay, my manual says, they are so rare, they get rare treatment. For in her last life, she was a Buddhist nun seeking enlightenment, who stayed celibate her whole life. Wow! But... but here, everyone finds a true mate! Hey, what's going to happen to her?
Dara shrugs, "I don't know, but, well, I'll name her Jan."
A smaller woman spontaneously arrives as bewildered as everyone when they are "born".
Yet even in her puzzlement, she holds an obvious air of sensibility.
Dara, "Welcome to East Thorsland, I'm Dara. How are you, Jan?"
Jan, "Huh? Why did you call me, Jan? Where are the Nuns? The Monastery? Where am I? Uh, I'm not sure what's happening..."
Dara, "Don't worry, those thoughts will pass soon. You are still remembering parts of your last life. You came from Earth where you were a very good person. That's why you have been reborn here."
Jan, "Is this Nibbana, did I make enlightenment?"
Dara, "No, sorry, not yet."
Jan, "Then is this a Deva heaven realm?"
Dara, "Well, it could be that East Thorsland is one of them."
Jan, "Bummer. I guess it's not all bad. At least I did not end up in hell or as a dumb, uh, dumb, uh, something... Are there others? There's supposed to be others, uh, like... what was I going to say?"
Dara, "Now Jan, don't you worry, honey. You just always remember that I'm Dara, the welcomer of East Thorsland. Any time you need some help, you just ask for me, okay?"
Jan looks around, "Yes, okay. But where am I?"
Dara, "East Thorsland."
Jan, "I'm not too sure..."
Dara, "That's okay, we all felt the same when we were welcomed here. All that will pass, believe me. You will be far too happy here to worry about anything. Let me give you some welcome information."
Jan, "Wait, wait a minute, who's Jan? My name is uh... Hey, my name is Jan and oh my gosh, look at my body! Gee... hey, wait again, wait!! I don't want to be in a Deva heaven, I want to meditate!"
Dara, "Not too fast. Slow down. Let me give you some details. Then you'll be free to discover this fantastic place. First, East Thorsland is East Thorsland, if you want anything you can have it. Second, everyone here is wonderful and did good deeds in their past life. That's why we are here. Third, all of us meet a true mate. We never know when, maybe today or not for a long time. Just remember you will meet your true mate here, so you need not worry..."
Jan, "What? What! Oh no, no, Dara, I don't want a mate. I don't want sex. I don't, uh... Do people really have sex in Heaven? I didn't think it would be that way."
Dara, "Again, Jan, this is not really 'Heaven' and you're right, there's no sex here. We have intercognive instead of intercourse."
Jan, "Intercognive? What? Uh... Dara, how do you pick a mate?"
Dara, "You don't. You just meet and after you see his eyes, you will know."
Jan thinks hard, "What if I don't look in his eyes?"
Dara, "Guess you won't know, will you? But I'm not sure how that works, no one has asked me that as everyone else wanted to find their true mate."
Jan talks quietly to herself, "Don't look at his eyes. If he is a single man, I have to not look at his eyes. I have to not..."
Dara, "Again, don't worry now. It will sort itself out later. Last is that East Thorsland is your just reward for having been such a good human. That's it for now..."
Jan, "Yes, okay, don't look at his eyes..."
The sky darkens as blue-black as the worst tornado ever.
Winds rage.
Many people fly by in obvious fright.
Jan stands frozen, stares into the ominous sky.
Dara sits relaxed.
Moments pass, the winds die down, the sky clears.
Jan's eyes squint, "Marana Sati."
But she's puzzled, not knowing what she said.
Dara is stunned.
Jan, "What? What did I say?"
Dara, "Oh! Oh, my! Uh, Jan, now don't you worry, it's too early for that. I, uh, I have to go now."
Extremely shaken by Jan's words "Marana Sati" which Jan, herself, did not understand, Dara regains her composure, stands, slowly rises, floats away.
Abruptly returns.
Dara, "Jan, honey, oh my, I forgot, I'm sorry, you're a Rare One. I did not give you the information for Rare Ones. Please forgive me as I have never met a Rare One before and never gave this information."
Jan, "What's a Rare One?"
Dara, "One just like you! And the manual says that you will know how rare you are within a very short time. Now the special information is that there are Odd Ones here in East Thorsland. And if you ever want any help, you just call for an Odd One."
Jan, "I thought I was to call for you?"
Dara, "Either way, don't you worry. Bye."
Dara rises again.
Jan, "Hey, Dara, how'd you do that?"
Dara, "Just cross your arms or legs and off you go."
Dara floats away.
Jan sits, crosses her legs as if in meditation, rises softly in the air.
Jan, "Not bad, not bad at all."

* * * * *

Thousand-colored Rose Garden.
Unable to stand still, Dara anxiously looks up to the sky, "Honey, honey!"
The bearded, smiling man's face lights up, "Yup, luv, got something special?"
Dara, "A Rare One has arrived!"
Bearded Man, "No kidding, wow!"
Dara, "I'm just so excited! She's something else! Even knows about Marana! I couldn't believe it!"
Bearded Man, "Well, ain't gonna be long before I meet her, too. This is fantastic!"

* * * * *

Dara's Welcoming Garden.
Livingston comes along doing soft flips and twists.
He stops upside down and stares at Jan, flying with crossed legs!
Livingston settles on the ground.
Jan stops flying around, stays floating in the air, but downcasts her eyes.
Livingston, "Uh, hello, Jan, my name's Livingston, East Thorsland's Expert Flying Instructor, and normally I would say, 'Can I help you with some flying lessons?'"
Jan, "Thank you very much. But first tell me, are you mated yet?"
Livingston, "Uh, yes, I have a mate."
Jan looks at him, "Good, Livingston. I'm sure you can fly very well, I'm okay for now. Thanks anyhow."
Livingston regains his composure, "That's fine, Jan, you are quite rare, but, if you ever want, call for me. I hope you have a really good time in East Thorsland. Bye."
Jan, "Livingston, there is one thing. When I talked with Dara, I mentioned "Marana Sati" and she..."
Livingston's shocked, "Oh, my gosh! Look, I'm sorry, but I uh, you, uh well, bye, yeah, bye."
Livingston flies off, shaking his head, "Oh my, oh my, not Marana, not Marana. But forget it, just forget she mentioned Marana. Yes, forget it-- And hey, she's not an Odd One. I wonder if she should fly with legs crossed.

* * * * *

Thousand-colored Rose Garden.
Livingston finds Dara talking with four other women, Philly, Carm, Ree and Beth, all 50-ish, very smartly dressed.
Livingston, "Dara, I have to talk with you!"
Dara, "Oh, what can be the challenge?"
Livingston, "Just met Jan. Boy, is she rare! Didn't need any lessons at all! Can you believe that? Already flying with her legs crossed!"
The other women gasp, yet Dara stays relaxed.
Livingston, "Why, I've only met one other newcomer I didn't give lessons. You know that?! 355 years ago. And that guy was just embarrassed to learn. Not like he was special. But Jan, she's really rare!"
Dara, "So what do you need from me?"
Livingston, "I'm not sure if Jan should fly with legs crossed. She has hair and isn't an Odd One. What should I do?"
The other women talk amongst themselves.
Dara, "I'm not sure anything has to be done. Jan is just rare."
A very official Beth, with the demeanor of a classic stuffed-shirt, steps forward, "Well. Um. No. Dara, it cannot be. If Jan is not an Odd One, she must fly with arms crossed."
Philly, Carm, & Ree, "Yes, yes, Beth is correct."
Dara, "Well, ladies, as you are the Women's Expert Etiquette Instructors, we leave it to you."
Beth, "So. This is an urgent matter."
Philly, Carm, Ree and Beth fly off .

* * * * *

Dara's Welcoming Garden.
Jan walks slowly back and forth, wondering what's going on.
With firm faces, Philly, Carm, Ree and Beth fly in.
Jan watches them land, sizes them over and thinks, "Oh, boy, sargeant majors."
Beth, "Yes. Well. Jan, my name is Beth."
Philly, "I'm Philly."
Carm, "I'm Carm."
Ree, "And I'm Ree."
All four in unison, "The Women's Expert Etiquette Instructors are now here. We will give you lessons on how to have happiness in East Thorsland.
Beth points to the others, the three boogie a bit.
Jan, "Oh, no, no... I don't want--"
Beth, "Yes, you do. We can help you with everything you need to start having your own fabulous happiness. But first, we have to tell you, you must fly with your arms crossed."
Jan, "Huh? Dara said I could cross either my arms or legs. What's the story?"
Beth, "Yes. Well. So. It is true in East Thorsland, there are those who fly with their legs crossed, however you must not do that, okay?"
Jan, "Why not?"
Beth, "Well, because you have hair, dear."
Jan, "Hair?"
Beth, "Yes. So. But that's for later. Now you need to know how to eat. We must eat at least five times every month. But you can eat every day if you want! In fact, everyone eats everyday, many times, because eating is so much happiness. And you can just eat and eat and eat."
Beth licks her lips, rubs her stomach, rolls her eyes, and waves her arms all around. As do the others gleefully.
Beth, "You won't get fat, won't look any different at all. You will always look just perfect no matter how much food you eat. The food goes in, chew it, taste the delicious flavors, then it's gone, don't even have to swallow. Just disappears. Then you can eat more and more and have lots and lots of happiness!"
Jan, "No, please, stop. You don't--"
Beth, "Yes, I do. Want some cherries?"
All four make cherries appear in their hands.
Beth, "So. There you are, have a few."
Jan eats one, "Uh, thank you. But--"
Beth, "Yes. Well. Now Smoogie-oohoohgie."
Jan, "Oh no, please--"
Beth, "Absolutely deliciously scrump-ti-li-ous! East Thorsland's special."
Jan, "Can we pass on it? Please?"
Beth, "No way-dee oh-ee, here it comes!"
Four Smoogie-oohoohgies appear and eight eyes are wide-eyed.
Beth, "Yes. Now. You must eat Smoogie-oohoohgie correctly, or it just doesn't taste right."
Jan, "Oh, jeepers."
Beth, "Watch!"
They each eat their Smoogie-oohoohgies in normal East Thorsland style.
They stick their faces into it, breath in, lick lips and wipe their arms across their mouths.
Beth, "Oh girl! Tastes great every time. So. There's a couple of examples. All you do is touch your mouth with your left pinky, wave your right hand in the air and whatever you think of will appear. Give it a go, see if you can make some cherries."
Jan, "Uh-huh, yeah, okay."
Jan does as taught, cherries appear in her hand.
Beth, "Yes. So. Very good. Now Philly is the dressing instructor."
Jan, "Dress, uh..."
Philly, "Right, Jan, no one here wears the same clothes every day. Except, uh, the Garbage Man... "
Philly looks around uneasily, "But, don't worry about him. You have to know how to change your clothes, so you can put on more stunning clothes every day. In fact, lots of us change our clothes many times a day. It's so much fun, so blissful and happy."
The women stroke their own and each others' outfits.
Jan, "No, wait Philly--"
Philly, "Here goes. Touch any clothes you have on with your left pinky, wave your hand around where you want a new bit and think clearly what clothing you want. Watch."
Gorgeous colorful low cut gowns materialize on each of them.
Jan frowns, "Philly, I think you are going to want me to make some new clothes, Can I just go ahead and try now?"
Philly, "Why, of course, dear."
Jan shrugs with a small smile, does as Philly had, and she now wears a blue shirt, white overalls and bare feet.
Very pleased, she strokes her white overalls in quiet contentment.
The women are taken aback.
Philly, "Uh, yes, dear, that's very pre... uh, pretty... Next is Carm."
Carm, "Right, time for your hair."
Jan, "Hair, hey yeah, my hair, yeah!"
The women now rejoice, seeing Jan joining in their fun.
Carm, "Glad you are so thrilled, because everyone just loves to do up their hair. Except, uh, the Odd Ones..."
Carm looks at the others nervously, "But don't worry about them. It's just so much happi--"
Jan, "Carm, can I go ahead and try?"
Carm, "Why sure."
With a sheepish grin, Jan now has long, very long bangs in her front, covering her eyes and back hair to her shoulders.
The four women are even more startled, while Jan smiles joyfully.
Carm, "Oh, Jan, that's uh, that's uh lovely... but it does hide your pretty blue eyes."
Jan, "Yes, it does, doesn't it?"
Carm, "Well, dear, last is Ree the painting instructor."
Jan lovingly touches her long bangs.
Ree, "Jan, this is the most fun thing you can do in East Thorsland."
Jan, "I liked doing clothes and hair."
The women nod, yet in perplexed approval.
Ree, "Well, I'll teach you how to paint and you make your own decision. For me painting is ultimate happiness. Here's how. First you make a board."
Ree uses her two pinkies and makes a board in the air, "Then you look at something you want to paint. The standard teaching is a tree, yet you are very quick, so we will start with people. Say I want to paint you. I take a good look at you, close my eyes, keep your image in my mind and blow it on the board. Watch."
She looks at Jan, closes her eyes, and blows Jan's picture.
The three women applaud, "Perfect, Ree, perfect."
Ree, "And you can change anything."
Ree does all sorts of right pinky movements changing Jan's appearance, especially her hair (to one she likes!), etc.
The three others smile and pat Ree's shoulders.
Ree, "Now, why don't you have a go. Make a painting of me, I just love to see paintings of myself."
Ree sits down in a chair she makes for herself.
Jan, "Okay."
Jan "paints" a picture of Ree in the chair. They all clap.
Ree, "That's sooo lovely. Now try to change some things."
Jan elaborately waves her right pinky, doing all sorts of movements - off goes Ree's hair, on goes a white robe - Ree looks just like a Buddhist Nun.
The four are traumatized.
Ree, "Oh, oh! Uh, uh..."
Beth, "Oh, my! Jan, uh, yes. Well. Uh, that's all for today. Uh, yes."
They anxiously cross their arms, get ready to fly off.
Jan, "Thank you, ladies, but there is one other thing. When I talked with Dara and Livingston, I mentioned 'Marana Sati' and they--"
Shock. Carm faints. Ree and Philly grab her.
Beth, "Oh my gosh, my gosh! We have to go, we have to go! Yes. Oh my, oh my..."
As Ree and Philly hold Carm, the women fly off, frightened.
Perplexed, Jan watches them leave, looks at her overalls, touches her long bangs and somewhat smiles.
Yet the smile quickly disappears.
Jan, "Oh, what have I? I don't want fancy clothes, delicious foods, striking hairdos. What I'd like is to meet someone who meditates, someone I can really talk to."
She paces back and forth, and remembers, "Now Dara said, if I ever want any help I should call for an Odd One, or I could call for her."
She looks up at the fluffy white clouds, "Okay. Odd Ones, please help me."
In the distance Cali appears, floating graciously.
Tears roll down Jan's face.
She lowers her eyes, stands unmoving as Cali softly lands on a chair he makes for himself.
Cali, "G'day, Jan. Name's Cali. How ya doing?"
Jan is in quiet rapture, "Uh, uh..."
Cali, "No worries, luv. Yeah, yeah I'm a real Odd One. Ya first, right? Well I'm not that weird, now am I? I mean, now if I had three arms or four heads or something like that, then I'd be really odd, eh?"
Jan, "Uh, yeah, uh..."
Cali, "Well, the thing is, Jan, if ya ever wanna know more... y'know really more than just getting happy making cherries, that's what I'm here for. Got it? Now what'cha reckon?"
Jan finally recovers, "Cali, are you mated yet?"
Cali, "I've the most magnificent mate in the universe, I'm a really truly fortunate fella. Why'cha ya ask?"
Jan looks at him, "That's good, Cali, really good. In fact, that's great! CALI! HELP!"
Cali, "Hon, I've never met a Rare One before. I'm downright honored. Time to take ya 'Home'."
Cali rises, motions for Jan to come.
Jan folds her arms.
Cali, "No, Jan, ya a Rare One, now an Odd One, please fold ya legs and come."
Jan, "But my hair, I can't fly cross legged. It's not allowed."
Cali, "Then take it off. And put it back on whenever ya want."
Jan does the proper hand movements, the hair disappears.
She crosses her legs, flies off with him toward the hills.
As they fly, she queries Cali, "Cali, do you know 'Marana Sati'?"
Cali, "Marana? Hey, ya really Rare, ain't ya! Well, shore I do and ya wanna, too. Ya gotta get super ready before ya fight Marana. Time for that later. Don't cha worry."
They fly up into the hills and pass over Ruda sitting in meditation posture on a rock ledge overhanging the valley below.
A precarious place, as an unaware fall would mean certain death.

* * * * *
Chapter 7
Yeah... sure...

* * * * *

Bolf course.
Larry, Butch and Mel play Bolf, which resembles golf, with a baseball bat to hit a boomerang. The bat hangs in the air and the player points at it to make it move. Though Larry must hold his bat to have a swing.
Close by is a stake, which the boomerang comes back to hit. Mel hits.
Butch, "Good hit, Mel. Hey Larry, did you hear more women arrived today?"
Larry, "Really?
Mel, "Yeah, I heard the same thing. Maybe your mate will be one of them."
Larry scuffs at the ground, depressed.
Larry, "I sure hope so. But..."
Butch, "Hey, man, don't you worry one bit, you just give it time, okay?"
Larry, "Yeah... sure..."

* * * * *
Chapter 8
Jan comes Home

* * * * *

"Home," where the Odd Ones live, is in the hills with large boulders and spacious views overlooking the valley where the Regulars live.
Tropical: Palms, Bananas, Hibiscus and other exotic plants.
Quiet, tranquil and very peaceful.
Cali and Jan land softly at the "Home" welcome gardens.
Overwhelmed, Jan closes her tearing eyes, lays down and falls asleep.
Dara, wearing relaxed clothes and no hair, meets Cali.
They hold hands, look into each other's eyes, experience a brief intercognive.
They speak softly.
Dara, "She's really rare, isn't she?"
Cali, "Rare ain't the word, hon! Totally awesome. Been here for 1,081 years, an Odd One for 990, leader for 500, never did I ever lay eyes on such a Rare One as she!"
Dara, "Exactly what I felt this morning. Imagine a newcomer becoming an Odd One before one day is passed!"
Ruda, oldest and wisest of the Odd Ones approaches, displaying his jovial, highly infectious nature, "Hey, hey, hey, so here she is! Super duper rooper! It's been over 2,000 years since a Rare One arrived. And the last of them died before Cali joined. This is great! Let's tell the others."
Ruda and Cali leave.
Jan wakes, unsure of where she is and doesn't recognize Dara, "Hello, please tell me, where am I?"
Dara, "Jan, you are Home! It is amazing you came here so quickly. I never believed it possible though the books tell us of such Rare Ones. You are now an Odd One, though I dare say, you are a rare Odd One."
Jan, "Odd Ones, oh, uh, where's Cali?"
Dara, "Cali went to tell the others you are here. He'll be back soon."
Jan, "You seem very familiar. Do I know you from somewhere?"
Dara, "Why Jan, we met earlier. Don't you remember? Must be my hair and clothes. Honey, Ree taught you how to draw pictures. You get some practice, draw me any way you want."
Jan makes a board in the air, takes a look at the woman, shuts her eyes, and "blows" a picture of the woman.
Dara, "Perfect."
With both of them laughing, she draws various odd/funny hairdos and clothes on the woman's picture until - it's Dara, lovely Dara, the welcomer of East Thorsland.
Jan, "Dara, you're an Odd One!"
Embracing with laughter, tears roll down Jan's face.
Dara, "Why Jan, honey, you're crying."
Jan, "I'm home, Dara, I'm home!"

* * * * *
Chapter 9
Enjoy, enjoy

* * * * *

Lakeside. The sun is setting.
Wit, in a royal maroon tuxedo and Philly, in a gorgeous light blue, low cut gown float over Larry sitting in obvious reflection.
In the distance many elegantly dressed people enter a spacious shining white Ballroom.
Wit, "Hey Larry, going to the Ball?"
Larry, "I don't think I'll go this time."
Philly, "C'mon, it's okay, there will be lots of single women to dance with."
Larry stares blankly at the two, "Yeah, and I'm a single man."
Wit, "Hey, now don't you worry, this is East Thorsland, you'll mate soon. Enjoy, enjoy!"
Larry, "Yeah, yeah... East Thorsland..."

* * * * *
Chapter 10
Three reasons

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Cali returns to Jan and Dara.
Cali, "Hey, ya two have met just fine."
Jan, "Oh, Cali, yes, yes. Thank you so much! I'm Home!"
Cali, "Right, no worries at all. Me pleasure. Wanna meet the others?"
Jan, "Oh yes, yes, where are they?"
Cali, "In the clearing beyond those trees. Not far, we can walk. They prepared a homecoming for ya."
Jan, "Cali, Dara this is just so, so..."
Dara, "Beautiful, right? Yes, East Thorsland is very beautiful."
Darkness falls as they walk through the trees.
Their bodies glow, while soft lights turn on amongst the leaves of the trees, and off as they pass by.
Abruptly Jan freezes, "Uh, Cali, Dara, are any of the Odd Ones single men?"
Dara, "Honey, you needn't worry. All of the Odd Ones are now mated."
Jan, "Oh, oh good, that's fine."
She walks some more, abruptly stops again.
Jan, "But why? Why would any Odd One want to be mated? Don't they all just want to meditate and get enlightened?"
Cali laughs.
Dara acts more motherly, "Jan, this is East Thorsland. Remember I said this morning, 'everyone meets a true mate'? That's the way things are here."
Cali, "And it's lovely, Jan, that part of East Thorsland is very lovely."

* * * * *

The Circle of Palm trees.
Jan, Cali and Dara walk out of the woods, enter the clearing.
Soft lights slide up the Palm tree trunks.
Fourteen serene men and women, shaved heads, in pairs, sit in meditation, softly glowing.
Jan, Cali and Dara sit down in three empty seats.
The fourteen Odd Ones open their eyes and smile, ever so peacefully.
Tears roll down Jan's cheeks.
Jan, "Is this all? Any others?"
Cali, "Nope, this is it, seventeen now."
Jan, "Oh..."
Cali, "No worries. This is our biggest size in 355 years. We are quite content with the current development of the group."
Jan, "Well then, that's really good. I didn't know what to expect. And honestly I'm just so happy to be Home. What do I have to know?"
Cali, "We have a manual to breathe-read."
Cali waves his hand in the air, a book appears.
The title reads, "ODD ONE'S MANUAL TO CONQUER MARANA."
Jan, "Marana!"
Cali, "Yup, that's right. Now put this on ya head. Close ya eyes. Ya left pinky goes on the manual, ya right pinky smack dab in the middle of ya forehead. Breathe big and absorb."
Jan puts it on her head.
The manual slowly shrinks, disappears into her head.
Jan, "Sounds good, meditate a lot, especially about Marana, listen to the teachings, discuss the teachings, practice, practice and practice. But what's this about having a 'job' and visiting the Regulars at least once a month? What do we have to do with them and all their happy happiness's?"
Cali, "Three reasons: One is to remind ourselves of what the rest of the world is like, a great stimulator for our practice. If we only stay here at Home, we may lose touch with our true purpose. The pleasantness of being only with serene Odd Ones can cause complacency and many could get stuck in this pleasantness."
Jan nods.
Cali, "Second is to never lose touch with what got us to be reborn here. That is our compassion for all beings. Our regular outing becomes a way in which we try to help all East Thorslanders. Granted many will not care and will never even think of a bigger happiness than making cherries, yet we try anyway."
Jan, "That's so nice."
Cali, "Yup. Third is to help conquer Marana. It's one of our weapons. If we don't do lots of goodness, Marana will defeat us so violently we will die in horrific, torturing agony."
Jan, "That's great. But, what does that mean for me? What do I do once a month with the Regulars?"
Cali, "Well, we ain't had a Flower Woman for a long time. And she shore has been missed by the Regulars. Wanna be the Flower Woman?"
Jan, "What does she do?"
Cali, "Flowers, let me show ya."
Cali touches his left pinky to the back of his neck, waves his right hand high in the air.
The most dazzling colored flowers fall softly from the sky.
Each one twinkles with tiny sparkling lights.
Jan, "Why, they're absolutely stunning!"
Cali, "Yeah, not bad, eh? And ya just the perfect woman for the job. Ya get dressed up, put on hair and give flowers to everyone."
Jan, "But this is East Thorsland, can't everyone make their own flowers?"
Cali, "Well, it may seem strange as everyone certainly can make their own. But y'know what? It's really special to be given flowers instead of making them yaself!"
Jan, "How sweet. But, single men? I, I just can't, I can't..."
Cali, "No worries. Just use that same hair style ya had when we met. Ya gotta disguise anyway. Then nobody can see ya eyes, so ya safe."
Jan, "What if they ask to see my eyes?"
Cali, "Here's the way things are. A man can ask to see ya eyes once, ya can say no and leave. The same man can ask again, ya can say no and leave. If the same man asks a third time, ya have to let him see ya eyes. So if any man asks ya twice, we'll take ya off the job. How's that?"
Jan, "Okay, Cali, I'm not that thrilled, but I'll give it a go."

* * * * *
Chapter 11
Rocks

* * * * *

Lakeside.
The Ballroom's colorful lights flicker in the distance.
Celestial music floats in the moonlit air.
A downhearted Larry sits, tosses rocks in the lake.

* * * * *
Chapter 12
The Flower woman

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Cali explains Jan's job to her, "Now today is ya first day being the Flower Woman. Don't ya worry, everything will be fine. This is East Thorsland. One thing ya have to remember, if anyone asks for some help, it is the Odd Ones' duty to always give help."
Jan, "But I'm only new here, I wouldn't know what to tell them."
Cali, "No worries, all new Odd Ones are told the same thing. When someone asks for help, ya must stop everything ya doing and tell them this, 'If ya ever wanna know more... y'know really more than just getting happy making cherries, ya just ask for Cali. And remember not to wait too long or it may get too late, and Marana will get ya first. Okay, got it? Ya take care now.' Then ya can leave, but ya have to say this first. okay?"
Jan, "Yes, I can remember that."

* * * * *

Gardens near the Bolf course.
With her hair and Flower Woman clothes, Jan dances merrily.
She points in the air, spectacular flowers appear and fall into baskets she makes.
Mel and Butch, stroking his hair, are among other Regulars who stop her and ask for flowers.

* * * * *
Chapter 13
Cali still can't

* * * * *

The Circle of Palm trees.
Cali meditates in the center chair.
Ruda sits on an outer one.
Cali makes intense efforts - yet collapses.
Ruda, "Not bad, better than before. Near the end, Marana would have had you."
Cali, "Ah, Ruda, I'm the leader and I still can't..."
Ruda, "Keep trying, Cali, a bit more."

* * * * *
Chapter 14
Jan's dilemma

* * * * *

Swimming pool area.
Larry swims, spots the Flower Woman skipping by.
Excited, he quickly jumps out, grabs a towel, rushes toward her, "Hey, Flower Woman, my name's Larry. Your flowers are utterly gorgeous!"
Jan keeps her head down so she can't see Larry's eyes.
Jan, "Would you like some, Sir?"
Larry, "Yes, please a small basket is fine."
Jan, "Do you have a favorite color?"
Larry, "Your eye color would be perfect."
Jan freezes and gulps.
Larry, "But I can't see them. Can I see your eyes?"
Jan fakes a laugh, makes flowers of every different color.
Jan, "Here, my eye color is in there."
She quickly tries to leave.
Larry, "But wait, Flower Woman, please wait a moment."
Jan freezes again and gulps again!
Larry, "Please tell me, are you mated yet or are you seeking a mate?"
Jan, "I'm not mated yet."
Jan acts very distracted, "Oh, I'm out of flowers."
Up Jan flies off.
Larry stares at his basket of flowers, totally mystified, "Hey, she wouldn't let me see her eyes..."

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Burstings with tears, Jan arrives Home and rushes up to Cali, "Cali, Cali, I don't know - this flower business. A single man asked me to look at my eyes! He wanted to see if I'm his mate. Oh! Oh!"
Cali, "Jan, don't cha worry, maybe ya never see that man again. Ya make a superb Flower Woman and next month ya give it another go. As I said, if any man asks ya twice, ya can stop doing flowers. That okay, hon?"
Jan, "Oh, okay, I'll try again next month."

* * * * *
Chapter 15
Help

* * * * *

Larry runs along a pathway heading toward the Lennis courts.
Friends fly overhead.
Others sit in gardens.
He greets everyone, yet all the time thinking, "Why didn't she let me see her eyes?"

* * * * *

Mel and Butch succulently enjoy fine food, as they watch others playing on the Lennis courts.
Butch, "Nice, eh, Mel?"
Mel, "Ah, much more than nice. Heaven is absolutely scrump-ti-li-ous!"
Larry runs by.
Butch, "Hey, Larry, stop and enjoy, enjoy!"
Larry, "Not just now, Butch, see you later."
Larry continues, passes the Garbage Man, stops, looks curiously at him.
Garbage Man, "Hey, hey, hey Larry, got some garbage today?"
Larry, "Uh, Garbage Man, I don't think so."
Garbage Man, "Hey, hey, hey that's better than saying, No."
The Garbage Man looks intensely at Larry for a few moments.
Garbage Man, "Yeah, I think maybe another time. Don't leave it too late, Larry, or Marana will get you first."
Larry, "Uh, uh... yeah, maybe..."
Puzzled, Larry runs off again.
He stops.
He looks back toward the Garbage Man, "He sure is odd, wonder what garbage and Marana are?-- But well, it's that Flower Woman, I don't know... Dara, that's it, she's a woman."
He calls out to the sky, "Dara, where are you?"
Dara's face lights up amongst the clouds, "In the Rose Garden, Larry, why?"
Larry, "I'd like to talk with you. Can you stay there for a while?"
Dara, "Sure, see you when you get here."
Larry, "Thanks."
Off he races.

* * * * *

Thousand-colored Rose Garden.
Larry arrives out of breath, "Dara, it's great to see you!"
Dara, "You, too. Do you need some help?"
Larry, "Sure do. Women, I don't understand. Or I should say, one woman. You know, with every woman I've met, nearly the first thing I ask is if she's mated. And most tell me they have. And with everyone else, we look at each other's eyes to see if we are mates. And, well, none have been my mate, so we say thanks and get on with our business."
Dara, "Yes, that's how things are here."
Larry, "But that's not how things were yesterday!"
Dara, "What do you mean?"
Larry, "Yesterday I met the Flower Woman and she wouldn't let me see her eyes! She said she wasn't mated, but she wouldn't let me see her eyes. Why, this has never ever happened ever, ever, never!"
Dara smiles a sheepish smile, acting innocent, "Is that right?"
Larry, "Yeah, so I thought, you're a woman, maybe you could help me."
Dara, "Remember when you arrived, I said, 'everyone meets a true mate here, so you need not worry about that'?"
Larry, "Sure. Everyone says that, but..."
He bites back tears, "But,you know, I'm 355 years old now - so, maybe the Flower Woman's my mate, but how can I know if I don't see her eyes?"
Dara, "Larry, anyone can refuse to show her eyes once, that's okay. She can refuse to show her eyes twice, that's still okay. But she cannot refuse three times. And you have to wait one day before you ask again."
Larry, "Gee, that feels better. I'll just have to see her once or twice more and I'll know if she's my mate."
Dara, "That's right."
Larry, "Thanks, Dara, you're a real friend. Uh, one other little thing. Do you know what garbage is? And who Marana is?"
Dara, "Why do you ask?"
Larry, "Well, today I met the Garbage Man again. He sure is strange, keeps asking everyone for garbage. But no one has any. Or, at least no one knows what it is. And keeps telling me to watch out for Marana. But no one knows who Marana is."
Dara, "Well, if you don't know what garbage and Marana are, why don't you just ask the Garbage Man next time. I'm sure he will tell you."
Larry, "Hey, yeah, uh, good idea--"
Cali's voice calls out, "Papers, papers, get your new papers here. Read all about the winners in yesterday's events. Six in the Futterby race tie for first place! Matching East Thorsland's official record! Read all about it!"
Cali, dressed as the bearded, smiling Paper Man strides up.
Many excited Regulars race towards him to get papers.
Cali rambles over to Dara, "Hi, hon."
Dara, "Love."
They hold hands and intercognive, looking into each others' eyes for a short time.
Larry, "Hey, I never knew you two were mated."
Dara, "Oh, yes, many, many years now."
Larry, "You know, Paper Man, I've always thought I knew you, even when I got my first paper. You remind me of someone, I just can't picture who."
Cali, "No worries, Larry, many tell me the same thing. Y'know, I've been the Paper Man for hundreds of years giving everyone the greatest news of all the great sports winners, well, I think I just remind them of meself from last year."
Larry, "Uh, yeah, I guess that makes sense."
Cali, "My friend, I remember when ya was in the Colossal Sports' Games. Why ya was a real champ. Winning every event ya entered, tying the East Thorsland official records every time. But ya never entered the flying races, eh, Larry?"
Larry blushes, "Uh, I really love to run and swim."
Cali, "Yeah, well I must go, got more papers. Y'all take care now."
Dara, "Bye, love."
Larry, "Bye, Paper Man."
Larry turns to Dara, "I still think I know him from somewhere."
Dara smiles.

* * * * *
Chapter 16
East Thorsland's beautiful, but...

* * * * *

Nightime in a wooded area of Home.
Jan approaches Cali, "Cali, can I talk with you?"
Cali, "Shore can. What'll ya like to know? Maybe I got an answer."
Jan, "This mating business. I'm confused. Does everyone in East Thorsland really have to have a mate?"
Cali, "That's the way it is here."
Jan, "But... but, what if I really, really don't want a mate?"
Cali, "Jan, is it night time right now?"
Jan, "Yes."
Cali, "What if I want daylight? I really, really don't want it to be night time. Will night time stop because I don't want it?"
Jan, "No."
Cali, "Well?"
Jan, "But Cali, the sun is beyond our ability to control. Can't we control whether we mate?"
Cali, "Eh? To tell ya the truth, ya got me there. It's never been a question before cause everyone wanted a mate. Ya a Rare One - I don't know. Maybe ya should talk with Ruda. If anyone knows, he will."
Jan, "Okay, I'll check with him in the morning. Thanks."
Jan leaves.
Dara comes up behind a sad, pensive Cali.
Dara, "Honey, you okay?"
Cali, "Dara, love of my lives, East Thorsland's beautiful, but..."
Dara, "I know, dear, I know."
Cali, "I'd just like to help so many more people. All these years, Jan's only the eighth person I've helped become an Odd One. If only--"
Dara, "If only we were back on Earth. Yes, then we could help so many more people. Maybe our next life we'll be reborn as humans again."
Cali, "Shore would be good, I'd really like that. But honey... I'm gonna have to conquer Marana."
Dara, "Cali, keep trying, keep trying."

* * * * *
Chapter 17
Rare ones

* * * * *

Ruda sit in meditation on his favorite rock ledge overhanging the valley.
Jan stands behind a big tree and clears her throat.
Ruda, "Hey, hey, hey Jan, come, sit down."
Jan, "Thanks so much, Ruda, I'm sorry to bother you in meditation."
Ruda, "No problem at all, especially for you. You can always come to see me. Now what's up, or can I guess? You want to know whether you can be mated and still get enlightened."
Jan, "Oh Ruda, you know, you know!!"
Ruda, "Hey, hey, hey, of course, but I'm the only one who can know. You're too rare for Cali or any other Odd One, because you're a Rare One."
Jan, "But how do you know? You're an Odd One, too."
Ruda, "Ha! When I came here, I was a Rare One, just like you."
Jan, "Really? Oh Ruda..."
Ruda, "Now, it's like this: Dara told you when you arrived, that you will meet your true mate here. Now you don't want to believe her, nor Cali and you really don't want to believe me either, right?"
Jan, "Right."
Ruda, "Well, hey, hey, hey, so what? You want to believe what you want to believe. So it was with me, when I first came. So it was with the other 500 Rare Ones who came the same time period as me."
Jan, "Wow! 500 Rare Ones came here?"
Ruda, "Yes, that was a golden age. They are all gone now except for me. But that's not why you came."
Jan, "Right."
Ruda, "Now the issue, each Rare One had to work with, was the ideal of being celibate being better for spiritual growth. Do you remember any stories of enlightened beings, who they were and such?"
Jan, "No, I, uh, I can't remember."
Ruda, "Well, let me tell you some. First, did you know that the Buddha, himself, was married before he became enlightened?"
Jan, "No!"
Ruda makes a picture board in the air, touches one corner with his left pinky, rubs the back of his head with his right hand, shakes his head vigorously and throws his right hand at the board. Not just a picture appears, but a movie!
INDIA, 600 BC - The Buddha is shown as a Prince with his wife. Kings, Queens, Monks, Nuns, others are shown, also.
Ruda and Jan talk as they watch the movies.
Ruda, "Yes! And many other enlightened beings. Kings and queens, rich business people, servants, poor crazy people, all sorts of people."
Jan, "No! Oh, my gosh, is this for real?!"
The Buddha is shown as a Monk teaching other Monks, Nuns, lay men, lay women.
Ruda, "Yes! Married, single, old, young. The trick is, if they were married, they had to learn how to help each other with unselfish love. Learn to love without just wanting from each other. And as you see here, that's not a problem because everyone is very unselfish. So when you mate in East Thorsland, it is certain your mate will help you with your practice, he will not hurt it."
Jan, "Oh Ruda... but all the Odd Ones have mated Odd Ones. What if I mate with someone who is not an Odd One?"
Ruda, "No problems. When you mate here, it is your true mate, got that? This means that you have mated hundreds of lifetimes. That's why we mate so easily just seeing each others' eyes. That's intercognive, 'Love at first sight' on the highest level. Now when you are married in a loving way, does one person always lead or do they take turns?"
Jan, "I don't know, uh I don't remember."
Ruda, "It's like walking. When you walk, does your right foot always lead or do your two feet take turns?"
Jan, "Oh, ha, of course they take turns."
Ruda, "Right, and in a truly loving relationship, you take turns. Sometimes you lead and sometimes your mate leads. But you know what? The other foot always catches up and gets in the front!"
Jan, "Oh Ruda... but how do you really know married people got enlightened when the Buddha was alive?"
Ruda, "Jan, I was there. I was a young Monk when the Buddha died."
Jan, "Oh..."
Ruda, "Now you go and get yourself ready, the group will be meeting soon."
Jan, "Yes, thank you so much. Uh, Ruda, one more question, if you are the oldest and the wisest of the Odd Ones, why aren't you the leader, also? Why is Cali the leader?"
Ruda, "Jan, this is something very important for you to know, and very important to remember, 'The wisest is not always the leader and the leader is not always the wisest.'"

* * * * *
Chapter 18
What's that?!

* * * * *

A dejected Larry strolls past the Bolf course with Mel.
Mel makes a cherry, tosses it up in the air, catches it in his mouth.
Larry, "Mel, what's it like to be mated?"
Mel, "Absolutely fabulous. Hey, now don't you worry, this is East Thorsland, you'll get a mate one day, too."
Larry, "Yeah, everyone tells me that. I don't know, I'm having my doubts."
Butch floats in sporting a wild hairdo. Each hair is a different color to the others. Every color in the world is on his head.
Mel, "Hi, fella. You must have just been born. Welcome to East Thorsland."
Butch, "Mel, it's Butch, same old Butch. Oh, you haven't seen my new hairdo, like it?"
He strokes it lovingly, "I've had it now for seven days."
Mel, "Butch?! Why golly, no, didn't recognize you at all. You always loved your blond hair, I never expected you to change it."
Butch's expression is awkwardly painful, he holds back tears.
Butch, "Yeah, uh yeah..."
He brightens up, "I thought I'd try something new."
Larry, "Looks spectacular."
Butch, "Thanks so much."

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
A small group of Odd Ones prepare to go somewhere. Nid, 60-ish, Ruda's mate, stands next to Ruda.
Ruda, "Everyone ready? The seven days are nearly over. We have to get there right after the smell starts and the others leave."
Nid, "I don't see Jan. Should we get her?"
Ruda, "Not this time, Nid, too young, she hasn't trained enough yet.-- Now remember everyone, we try to help but it's nearly impossible with Regulars like Butch. He's old, stuck in his ways, too attached to his body and sense pleasures. Never been open to learn about garbage or anything deeper than East Thorsland happiness. Marana will probably have Butch in excruciating torture and I don't think we'll be able to stop it. We have to expect another very sad one, but we'll try our best. Let's go."

* * * * *

Lakeside.
Butch, Larry and Mel laugh.
Suddenly, an intense dark cloud blocks out the sun.
They look up, the cloud's shape is human-like.
One of the hands seems to be reaching toward them.
The facial part is hideous.
Fear, shock and disbelief.
They grab each other for safety, yet push each other away.
They all try to smell something.
Mel, "What's that?!"
Larry vomits.
Butch smells his arm, "Aaahh... my arm... my arm..."
Larry, "I gotta go... I gotta go..."
Larry turns to leave.
Mel coughs, grabs at Larry and falls down.
The sky darkens deep blue-black as the worst tornado ever.
Winds blow from every corner.
Larry looks intensely up at the ominous sky, "Marana?"
Mel, "Larry, help me!"
Butch falls to his knees, "Wait... wait... my legs... my legs... don't go, No! No!"
Larry grabs Mel, they run off, holding their noses.
Fifty yards away, Larry stops, turns around, doubled over.
Mel keeps running.
Larry looks back at Butch on the ground in intense pain.
There's something wrong with Butch's face.
Larry, "Mel, Butch's face, his face!!"
Butch's face grows rapidly old. The skin wrinkles up, teeth fall out.
Mel, "Larry, we gotta get away!"
The small group of Odd Ones lands around Butch, convulsing on the ground.
Larry turns toward Mel, runs off.

* * * * *
Chapter 19
Rare

* * * * *

A wooded area of Home.
Dara and Cali relax.
Dara, "Honey, what do you think of Larry?
Cali, "Well, can't fly, runs everywhere. That's really rare. Everyone else flies their first day. Ain't mated, 355 years! Nothing stranger than that, longest before was only 133. That's really rare, too. And he's always been slow to learn things. Can't even make Smoogie-oohoohgie. Well, never met anyone like him."
Dara, "Me too, hon. He's never asked for help from you, has he?"
Cali, "Well, like everyone else, I met him a few days after he arrived. Told him those same ol' words of warning. But he's never asked for help. Don't know, he ain't really a true Regular and he ain't yet an Odd One, so what have we?"
Dara, "I remember when he came and I thought he was so unusual, unique, can it be that he's really rare?"
Cali, "Dara, maybe ya got it, maybe he's a Rare One! Where's ya manual?"
Dara taps on her head. Out comes the manual.
Dara, "Here's the definition, 'A Rare One is someone who was an ordained religious person in their last life. They were also celibate, never having been married or ever even wanting to have sex. A Rare One is very, very rare.'"
Cali, "Well, that leaves out Larry. He wasn't ordained, was he?"
Dara, "No, he was so busy helping people, he hardly had any time for himself. He built hospitals, made soup kitchens, walked streets helping beggars. He was such a warm loving man, never got married, always gave so much to everyone. He was truly a rare person."
Cali, "He was rare, is rare, why ain't he a Rare One? This is very confusing."
Dara, "Wow, hey honey, look! I missed a footnote at the bottom of the page, it says, 'Some Rare Ones are so rare that the first part of this definition is not used.'"
They both look at each other in amazement.
Dara and Cali, "Larry is a Rare One!"

* * * * *
Chapter 20
Butch who?

* * * * *

Lennis court gardens.
Mel floats by Larry, sitting in the gardens.
Larry, "Hey Mel, what happened to Butch?"
Mel, "Butch? Butch who? Gotta go, see you later."
Larry, "But, uh, Mel..."

* * * * *
Chapter 21
Blue eyes

* * * * *

Pathways leading to the Lennis courts.
Jan, as the Flower Woman, is on her outing.
Mel stops her for flowers.

* * * * *

Jan skips by the Lennis courts.
Larry spots her.
With joy, he races to her.
Larry, "Hello, Flower Woman, can I have some flowers today?"
Without looking up, Jan freezes.
Jan, "Uh, sure, any special type, Sir?"
Larry, "You can call me, Larry, Flower Woman. I'd like a basket of flowers which are only your eye color."
Jan gulps.
She fills a basket with stunning blue flowers.
Larry, "These are the most gorgeous flowers ever. May I see your eyes?"
Jan, "I have to go now, I think I'm out of flowers..."
Larry, "Wait, Flower Woman, please wait. Please show me your blue eyes so we can see if we are true mates."
Jan, "Another day, Larry, I must go now."
Up Jan flies.
Larry, "But, Flower Woman, if I ask you a third time, you will have to show me your eyes, so why not now?"
Jan holds back a bevy of tears, "If you find the Flower Woman again, you may ask, but I need some help."
Larry, "Help? Yeah, I need some help, too!"
Jan freezes in mid-flight, "He asked for help."
She floats back, "Larry, Sir, I have to tell you this before I go, If you ever want to know more... you know really more than just getting happy making cherries, you just ask for Cali. And remember not to wait too long, or else it may get too late, and Marana will get you first. okay, got it? You take care now."
Off Jan flies.
Larry stands bewildered, "Hey?! Huh? No eyes, twice! And this stuff about asking for Cali, who's he? She even warned me about Marana like the Garbage Man. Hey..."

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Jan, in tears, confronts Cali, "Cali, Cali, that's it! I'm not going to do this Flower Woman business. The same single man asked me to look at my eyes! He wanted to see if I'm his mate. Oh! Oh!"
Cali, "Jan, honey, the same man?"
Jan, "Yes!"
Cali, "Did he tell ya his name?"
Jan, "Yes!"
Cali, "What is it?"
Jan, "Larry!"
Cali hides a grin, "Really?
Jan, "Yes!"
Cali, "Hummmmm... Jan, if ya don't wanna be the Flower Woman, ya don't have to."
Jan, "Oh... thank you, Cali."

* * * * *
Chapter 22
Larry's confusion

* * * * *

Swimming pool area.
Larry walks past the pool, very confused, "What is it with that Flower Woman?"
Dara meets him, bubbling with excitement, "Oh Larry, I'm so happy! I have some very important news for you!"
Larry, "Yeah, uh, news. Uh, what news?"
Dara, "When you first arrived, I did not recognize you fully. I did not give you all the information you needed."
Larry, "Uh, what was that?"
Dara, "Special information for Rare Ones!"
Larry, "Rare One, what's a Rare One?"
Dara, "You! You're a Rare One! So I have to tell you if you need help, just call for an Odd One. Got it?"
Larry, "Odd Ones, Rare Ones, uh..."
Dara, "Don't you worry at all. I just know everything will now be absolutely scrump-ti-li-ous for you. Bye, bye."
Larry is even more confused.
Larry, "Yesterday the Flower Woman says, ask for Cali, today Dara says, call for an Odd One. What's going on? - Hey, wait just one little pokey moment, Odd Ones, Cali. Hey, oh hey! I met Cali the Odd One, I met Cali already!"
He looks up at the crisp clear sky, "Here goes... Cali, please help me!"
Cali appears.
Larry, "Cali! Cali!"
Cali lands, "G'day, Larry, my friend, long time no see. What'cha been up to?"
Larry, "You told me long ago that if I needed help to call you. And the Flower Woman told me to call you. And Dara just told me that I am a Rare One and if I need help to call an Odd One, so I need some help."
Cali, "Righty-oh. What's up?"
Larry, "Well, I know maybe it isn't really important and, uh, well..."
Cali, "Hey, want me to guess? Ya ain't mated, asked every woman ya know in East Thorsland. Not seen the eyes of ya true mate. Right?"
Larry, "Hey, you know! Yeah, that's uh..."
Cali, "Well, Larry, my friend, we have a new woman Odd One. She's super duper rooper and she's a Rare One, too. Would'cha like to meet her?"
Larry, "Uh, but Cali, you see, there's this Flower Woman and I, uh..."
Cali, "No worries, I think ya should meet our new woman, like I said, she's also a Rare One. She might be ya true mate."
Larry, "That's fine, but I really called you for some help with the uh, Flower Woman, I, uh..."
Cali, "Let me look at ya eyes."
Larry, "Yeah, okay, what for?"
Cali, "Well, I ain't too bad with this stuff, uh, let me look closer."
Larry, "What do you see?"
Cali, "Hey, I like what I see. Look, meeting our new woman Odd One ain't no big deal. If she ain't ya true mate, we can talk about this Flower Woman later, okay?"
Larry, "I guess no harm. Where is she?"
Cali, "We have to go Home."
Larry, "Home, where's Home?"
Cali, "Ya true Home is where ya true Home is. Let's go, I'll take ya there."
Cali rises off.
Larry runs after him.
Cali, "I forgot, ya can't fly yet."
Larry, very sheepishly, "Uh, no, uh, I just love to run."
Cali, "Well, I know now why ya could never learn to fly with arms crossed. Ya a Rare One! Cross ya legs and come."
Larry, "But my hair, I'm not an Odd One, I can't fly cross-legged."
Cali, "That's for Regulars, not ya, ya as odd as odd be, ya a Rare One."
Larry, "Uh, you and Dara say that but, I really don't know what you mean."
Cali, "No worries for now, all ya got to do is cross ya legs and let's go."
Larry tries, gets tangled up, falls over on his side, "Uh, how do you do it?"
Cali, "Here, let me show ya."
Cali helps Larry get into the cross-legged posture.
Larry, "Ow, ooh, uh..."
Cali, "No worries, be fine in 3 nips.
Larry, "Yeah?"
Cali, "Yeah. Now to fly cross-legged is easier than crossing ya arms. Regulars keep doing it the hard way cause they ain't interested in growing. Ya fingers and thumbs are ya steering and ya speed. Point ya thumbs up or down and ya fingers horizontal for direction. Point two fingers, get twice the speed, three fingers, three times, up to eight. Ya can only get double speed with ya thumbs. Got it? It's a synch!"
Larry raises up, flies around in circles, "Wow! It really is easy! Look, I'm flying, I'm really flying!"
Cali, "Great, Larry, let's go Home now."
Off they go.
As they fly up into the hills, they pass over Ruda on that rock ledge overhanging the valley below.

* * * * *
Chapter 23
Larry's arrival

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Dara greets them, but doesn't stay long enough for Larry to recognize her without hair.
Cali, "Hey, honey, got Larry. He wants to meet Jan. Can ya go tell her to get ready for a visitor?"
Dara, "Oh, Oh, Really? Oh, Larry, welcome Home! Oh, that's wonderful! That's so won-der-ful! I'll go tell her!"
Cali, "Now Larry, our new woman's kinda shy, so ya gotta be gentle. She's very new and, like I said, she's a Rare One, too."
Larry, "Yeah, is she a Rare One like me?"
Cali, "Well, uh, she's rare, uh, too, uh, never mind, y'all find out soon enough."
Larry, "Yeah, she sounds very nice, but... everyone in East Thorsland is very nice. I've asked so many, many very nice women to see their eyes..."
Larry sighs.
They sit quietly for a short time.
Cali speaks softly, "Peaceful here, ain't it?
Larry, "Just thinking that myself. I really feel good here. You know, when I first saw you, 355 years ago, I never thought you not having hair was odd at all. Frankly, I was just awed at meeting an Odd One!"
Cali, "Yeah..."
Larry, "Then when you came to me a while ago, again I never thought you not having hair was odd, not one bit. And now, when I saw my first woman Odd One with no hair, I still don't think it's odd. Cali, why do the Regulars call you, the Odd Ones?"
Cali, "My friend, this is something very important for ya to know and to remember, 'Everyone in the entire universe is odd.' Thing is, most beings don't know they're odd. So they stay 'regular' and 'normal'. They keep doing things that all the other Regulars do and being normal as to what is expected of them. But when ya know ya odd, ya start to change. Ya don't want to be regular and normal. Ya start to grow!"

* * * * *
Chapter 24
Jan's refusal

* * * * *

Jan's wooded area.
Jan relaxes.
Dara approaches, "Jan, are you there?"
Jan, "Yes, what's up?"
Dara, "Cali has brought a marvelous man to meet you."
Jan springs up, "What! Oh no, no! I thought Cali was my friend, I thought you were my--"
Dara, "We are your friends, we are your true friends."
Jan, "Then why is Cali bringing me a man to meet!? Oh, oh..."
Dara, "Jan, honey, this is East Thorsland."
Jan, "East Thorsland, yeah, East Thorsland, I don't want to be here in East Thorsland."
Dara, "But you are here and you have to make the most of East Thorsland, just the way it is. And remember everyone in East Thorsland is beautiful."
Jan softens somewhat, "Yeah, okay, but why is Cali bringing me a man to meet?"
Dara, "Cali's friend is a Rare One."
Jan, "He is?"
Dara, "Yes, he is."
Jan, "Really?!"
Dara, "Yes."
Jan, "Oh..."
Dara, "His name is Larry."
Jan, "Oh no! Oh no!!"
Dara, "Oh yes, he's a Rare One, too. Just like you."
Jan, "Then why does he want to be mated?! He's not just like me!!"
Dara, "Well, uh, well okay, but he is a Rare One, we checked the manual."
Jan, "Yeah, that's just great."
Dara, "And he's already asked you once to see your eyes, right?"
Jan, "Wrong."
Dara, "Wrong?"
Jan, "Twice."
Dara, "Oh, well then, you have to let him see your eyes now, don't you?"
Jan, "Oh..."
Dara, "Do you remember when I told you, everyone meets a true mate here and that you need not worry about it?"
Jan, "Yes.
Dara, "Well? This is East Thorsland. If he is your true mate, you really have nothing at all to worry about. It will be fantastic."
Jan, "Oh... okay."
Dara, "Good. Now get yourself ready. When a man asks you if you are mated, you can't look like an Odd One. So put on your hair and some other clothes. I'll tell Cali he can bring Larry over."
Jan, "Dara, wait, wait a minute! Did you just say that when a man asks me if I'm mated, I must have on hair?"
Dara, "Yes, that's how things are here."
Jan, "Then I won't."
Dara, "Huh?"
Jan, "I won't put on any hair."
Dara's stunned, "What?!"

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
A bewildered Dara returns to Cali and Larry.
Dara, "Cali."
Cali, "Jan ready, hon?"
Dara, "Cali, I have to talk with you."
Cali, "Uh, shore, uh, Larry, ya just wait right here, be back in a jiff."
Cali and Dara walk into the woods.
Dara, "Cali, Jan won't put on hair."
Cali, "What? Huh? Oh my gosh! Rare as rare can be rare! What... Oh jeepers!"
Dara, "Should we talk with Ruda?"
Cali, "Uh, not yet. Uh, I'm the leader. I'll tell Jan she can't do this."

* * * * *

Jan's wooded area.
Jan sits calmly as Cali, exasperated, stomps back and forth.
Cali, "Jan!"
Jan, "Forget it, Cali."
Cali, "Jan!"
Jan, "I'm not going to put on hair."
Cali, "Jan."
Jan, "You can't force the sun to shine or not shine, right?"
Cali, "But, Jan--"
Jan, "You can't force me to mate, either."

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Cali returns to Dara and Larry.
Dara, "How'd it go?"
Cali, "No go."
Larry, "Hey, what's going on?"
Cali, "Larry, look, uh..."
Larry, "Yeah, tell me about it. Not my true mate, what else is new? What are you up to? I asked you for help with the Flower Woman, look what happens. I'm getting out of here."
Cali, "But, uh... Yeah, okay. Ya go now and I'll come to help ya with the Flower Woman in a few days."
Larry, "Yeah, yeah, sure."
A very depressed Larry flies off, cross-legged.
Dara, "We better talk with Ruda."
Cali, "That's for shore."

* * * * *

Ruda's rock ledge.
Cali and Dara approach Ruda.
Ruda, "Hey, hey, hey, come, sit down. I think you have a problem."
Dara, "And I think you already know it!"
Ruda, "Chapter 55, read it."
Dara taps her head, the manual pops out, she flips pages.
Dara, "But there's only 44 chapters."
Ruda waves at the manual, it expands.
Ruda, "Chapter 55, read it."
Dara, "Oh my! okay. Uh, 'Some Rare ones are so rare that it is infinitesimal rare to explain their rareness.'"
Ruda, "Hey, hey, hey..."

* * * * *
Chapter 25
What's garbage?

* * * * *

Lennis court gardens.
Larry flies in, lands near Mel.
Mel is wide-eyed seeing Larry, not only flying, but with legs-crossed!
Players on the court stop, also stunned, point at Larry.
Livingston is there, totally dumbfounded.
Larry, "Odd Ones, Rare Ones, dumb ones..."
Mel, "Uh, Larry, uh--"
Larry yells, "ODD ONES! RARE ONES! DUMB ONES! ODD ONES! RARE ONES! DUMB ONES!"
Livingston races over from the courts, "Larry, are you okay?"
Larry stares blankly, "Odd Ones, Rare Ones, dumb ones..."
Livingston, "We better get help!"
Livingston looks up at the sky, "Committee Board, emergency - Committee Board, Lennis Courts, Larry."
From different directions comes the other members of the Committee Board - the four Men's Etiquette Instructors, the four Women's Etiquette Instructors and the Welcomer, Dara.
Larry lies on a big bench, mumbling softly, "Odd Ones, Rare Ones, dumb ones..."
Beth, very official, "So. Well. Now. Livingston, you claim Larry was actually flying?"
Mel, "I saw it, too!"
Beth, "Yes. Well. And, oh dear, with legs crossed?"
Livingston, "Right."
Beth takes a close look at Larry, "I don't like what I see."
Dara, "Beth, maybe--"
Beth jumps up and down, "I DON'T LIKE IT! I DON'T LIKE IT!"
She regains her official composure, "Oh my, uh... Now. Well. So. We--"
Dara, "Beth."
Beth, "Yes, Committee Board member Dara."
Dara, "I think the Odd Ones did it."
They all gasp.
Dara, "We need the Garbage Man."
Everyone is shocked.
Carm faints.
Tom and JT grab her.

* * * * *

Thousand-colored Rose Garden.
Larry lies mumbling in a comfortable bed.
The Committee Board members anxiously wait, some pace, some nervously tap their knees, etc.
Tom, "Highly unethical."
Carm, "What are we doing?"
Philly, "I can't believe Beth approved it."
They all hear the bellow of the Garbage Man, "Hey, hey, hey!"
Carm faints again.
Tom grabs her.
Garbage Man, "Well, hello there."
Most of the Committee Board moves away.
Dara, Beth and Livingston greet the Garbage Man.
Beth, "Yes. Well. Right."
Garbage Man, "Hey, hey Beth, maybe you got some garbage today?"
Beth stares at him in controlled fright.
He saunters over to Larry.
Garbage Man, "No, eh? Hey, hey, hey Larry, got some garbage today?"
Larry stops mumbling, looks at the Garbage Man like a small frightened child would to their father.
Larry, "Garbage Man, what's garbage?"
Garbage Man, "Larry, come."
Larry sits up.
The Garbage Man rises with crossed arms.
Larry rises with crossed legs.
They fly off.
Beth, "Yes. Well. So. Now everyone, nothing happened, right?"
Tom, "Yes, I never saw anything."
Ree, "Absolutely. Philly, dear, want to play some Bolf?"
Dara smiles compassionately.

* * * * *
Chapter 26
Dead stuff

* * * * *

Ruda's rock ledge.
Larry and the Garbage Man sit near the edge.
Garbage Man, "Larry, garbage is dead stuff."
Larry, "Dead, what's that?"
Garbage Man, "It's when something decays so badly that it's finished, gone."
Larry, "So what's decays mean?"
Garbage Man, "Watch."
The Garbage Man makes a huge delicious looking cherry, just one, but not a regular size, bigggg, really bigggg, as big as a apple.
Larry falls in love with it, "Wow, I never imagined such a big cherry. I always made small ones.
Garbage Man, "Yes, you and the Regulars always make small ones. But why just make a lot of small ones, when you could make one like this, eh?"
Larry, "Yeah, uh, can I eat it? It looks just deliciously scrump-ti-li-ous."
Garbage Man, "You can eat it right after it decays, after it's death."
Larry (not understanding), "Ahhh, you're a real friend, indeed. That cherry is, well--"
Garbage Man, "Right, it's a super duper rooper cherry. Now it's gonna decay."
As cherries do, he makes it decay, spots form on it, discoloring, cave-ins in the spotted areas, skin cracks here and there, it shrivels, oozes, finally it's just a gooey mess in the Garbage Man's hand, smelling rotten, too.
Garbage Man, "Here you go, Larry, eat up!"
Larry, "Uh, uh..."
He vomits.
Larry, "Garbage Man!!"
Garbage Man, "Yes?"
Larry, "What happened to that cherry??"
Garbage Man, "That's called decay, it's death of the cherry."
Larry, "I never ever saw such a--"
Garbage Man, "Yes, you have."
Larry, "No!"
Garbage Man, "Yes!"
Larry, "Uh, when?"
Garbage Man, "In your last life."
Larry, "Oh great, what last life?"
Garbage Man, "I have your info in brief. Close your eyes, put your left pinky on your forehead and your right pinky on your heart. Now."
Larry closes his eyes, places his pinkies, he see himself in a very rich European home.
All the worldly happiness of the elite in Europe around 1660.
The Garbage Man speaks, "You were a son of very rich parents on Earth and you weren't happy just having all the happiness their money gave you. So you decided to help poor people and sick people, anyone who needed help."
Larry stands with an older couple discussing, pointing at papers on a table.
The Garbage Man, "You convinced your parents to use their money in many good ways."
Larry bends over a leper in the streets and gives some food.
The Garbage Man, "You built hospitals, nursed people yourself, walked streets helping poor people who slept in alleys and all. You were so busy helping others, you never got married. You were a true blessing on Earth. You helped so many people."
Larry goes bed to bed in a hospital.
The same doctor and nurse from earlier are there.
The Garbage Man, "There was a disease, a big plague, and thousands of people were dying. You weren't even a doctor, but you were right there helping."
Larry holds a dying person.
The Garbage Man, "Their bodies would decay and smell just like that cherry. You would watch and help them. Some died in your arms. You were a true loving, kind person. Truly rare. That's why you were born here as a Rare One."
Larry sits stunned, nodding.
Garbage Man, "Uhmmm..."
Larry, "Garbage Man."
Garbage Man, "Yes?"
Larry, "It worked. Not all - the dying people in my arms, yes, I remember."
Garbage Man, "Hey, hey, hey, good, good."
Larry, "Better than good. Garbage Man, I'm tired of being a Regular, you must be an Odd One, can I join you?"
The Garbage Man does some hand movements, his scruffy beard and hair disappear.
He's Ruda.
Ruda, "Welcome Home, Larry, I'm Ruda."

* * * * *
Chapter 27
Dazed

* * * * *

Jan's wooded area.
Jan walks back and forth, meditating.
Dara approaches, "Jan, excuse me, I don't want to--"
Jan, "Dara, there's no problem. It's okay, Ruda showed you the manual."
Dara, "But, uh, there is another... uh..."
Jan, "Yes?"
Dara, "Larry has become an Odd One."
Jan sits down, dazed.

* * * * *
Chapter 28
Tears

* * * * *

Ruda's rock ledge.
Larry and Ruda talk in the moonlight.
Larry, "Do you think Jan really is my mate?"
Ruda, "Hey, hey Larry, you've waited over 355 years. A bit longer won't be a problem, now will it?"
Larry, "Ruda..."
Ruda, "Hey... okay, it's not by the book, so don't tell the others."
Ruda makes a picture board, blows Jan's face with hair.
He points his little finger at her hair in front of her eyes.
Ruda, "Do you really want me to continue?"
A very nervous Larry is frozen in time.
Tears come.
He looks doubtfully at Ruda.
He looks back at the picture.
Larry, "Ruda, no, I, I think I should wait."
Ruda, "Good, now go meditate some, it will help you let go of wanting, wanting. If you and Jan are true mates, you have nothing to worry about, just give her some time."

* * * * *
Chapter 29
Getting ready

* * * * *

Circle of palm trees.
Jan meditates in the center chair. Nid sits on an outer one.
Jan sweats, strains with all her might.
Nid, "Harder, Jan, harder."
Jan's body jerks violently.
Nid, "More, Jan, more."
Jan collapses, "Oh, Nid, oh..."
Nid, "That was good, very good. You would be able to hold off Marana until the teeth. That would have been it for you, but you really are a fast learner. I didn't get that far until I was 500 years old."
Jan, "But Nid, Ruda said Rare Ones don't live long here. I might have to face Marana next week. I just have to get ready. Can we practice more?"
Nid, "Honey, you need rest, too. We've already worked hard enough today. Let's meet again in the morning."

* * * * *
Chapter 30
Never been done!

* * * * *

Jan's wooded area.
Jan wears her Flower Woman clothes, but no hair. She sports huge sunglasses which have mirror-type coverings.
Cali waves his arms, frustrated, "Jan!? C'mom..."
Jan, "Anything in the manual which states I must wear hair?"
Cali, "But Jan, it ain't never been done!"
Jan, "Bye, bye Cali."
Up Jan floats.

* * * * *
Chapter 31
Earth visits

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Larry relaxes with Cali.
Cali, "Remember this?"
Cali reproduces Ruda's decayed rotten cherry.
Larry, "Yeah, weird..."
Cali, "Now when Ruda explained garbage, it opened ya understanding, right?"
Larry, "Did it ever!"
Cali, "Okay, time for more - on Earth, everyone makes lots of garbage."
Larry, "Really?! Wow!"
Cali, "And what happens in East Thorsland, is that no Regulars like to think about garbage, so they can't bring themselves to ask what it is. That is, until..."
Cali's looks upward, in thought, "Until doubts come, that is if the Regular is fortunate, doubts come as to their true purpose in life - why they are alive. And when doubts come, just like ya had, they ask the Garbage Man."

* * * * *

Ruda as the Garbage Man asks many Regulars if they have garbage. One of them is Mel eating cherries. They all turn away from him.

* * * * *

Cali, "That's why he goes around so often. He's keeps going around, hoping someone has some doubts, then he can teach them about garbage, about Marana, about things more important than eating cherries! But, y'know, most Regulars ain't so fortunate."
Cali changes his tone to be lively, "Now, let's be done with garbage talk. Wanna see some?"
Larry, "You mean for real?"
Cali, "Yup. We'll go to Earth and have a look. Wanna go?"
Larry, "Sure. How?"
Cali points downward, "We just go straight down."
Larry, "Huh, straight down?"
Cali, "Yup. Watch. Cross ya arms just to raise a little. Cross ya feet like this, and down ya go."
Cali disappears downward.
Larry is aghast.
Cali returns.
Larry, "Wow!"
Cali, "Nothing to it. Wanna go?"
Larry, "Yeah, but uh..."
Cali, "Tell ya what, this ya first time so we make precautions. Y'know, ya might get lost so we gotta know where ya are and get ya back Home."
Larry, "Lost?"
Cali, "Yeah, but I better explain about wild animals, they might eat you."
Larry, "Eat me? And then I'll... be dead?"
Cali, "Yup."
Larry, "Cali, I'm not sure, uh, maybe another day, okay?"
Cali, "Nope, today's the day, perfect day."
Larry, "Why?"
Cali, "Cause we'll gonna go to a Wat, a Home of Odd Ones. And when we get there, she'll be teaching."
Larry, "Who's she?"
Cali, "A marvelous Odd One, teaches superbly. Ya'll love to hear her."
Larry, "But what about these wild animals?"
Cali, "We shouldn't see any deadly ones, just some squirrels and birds. Here, I'll show ya."
Cali does a movie board, showing some squirrels and birds darting around through some trees. They talk to each other while watching the movie.
Cali, "They're only little, won't hurt ya."
Larry, "Uh... hey, how'd you do a movie?"
Cali, "Later, my friend, now just in case, here's some to watch out for."
Vicious bears, tigers, etc.
Cali, "That's on land. If ya in water, here's dangerous ones there."
Sharks swallow smaller fish.
Larry, "Uh, Cali, tomorrow right, tomorrow?"
Cali turn off the movie, "Nope. Besides ya just keep hold of me and ya be safe. Don't let go of me or ya might get lost."
Larry slumps in the chair.
Cali, "We'll make another precaution. I'll have Ruda look over ya. He'll watch ya from his mind to make sure ya be okay. The main thing if ya get lost, just call 'Home'. That brings ya right back. And don't worry if ya forgets, cause Ruda will call ya Home, if he sees ya need help."
Larry, "I'm thrilled."
Cali, "We'll put on some hair so we don't make a distraction there."
On goes hair.
Cali, "Good, I'll get Ruda and ya make some cherries to take with us as a gift for the teachers."
Cali races off.

* * * * *

Jan's wooded area.
Dara walks up to Jan.
Dara, "Ready for the big trip?"
Jan, "Yes, I'm so excited, but do I really have to put on hair?"
Dara, "That's the rule. But honey, don't worry, as soon as you put it on, we'll dive down real quick. Larry's off with Cali somewhere, he won't see you."

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Cali returns with Ruda.
Cali, "Larry, one more thing. We can only stay for twenty nups cause the air on Earth has a different pressure to here. If we stay too long we'll die. Twenty nups on Earth will be enough time."
Ruda, "You guys ready?"
Cali, "Yup."
Larry, "I guess so."
Cali, "Now after we get up, grab me arm, hold tight, keep ya feet crossed. I'll take ya there. Remember if ya want to come back, call 'Home'."
They rise up, Larry grabs Cali's arm, down they go.
But Larry gets frightened of going into the ground, puts both hands over his eyes - letting go of Cali's arm!

* * * * *

A Buddhist Monastery in Thailand.
A man and woman walk out of a Staff Room with a bucket, broom and cleaning gear.
They head toward bathrooms.
Man, "Good to clean when no one's here."
Cali arrives out of thin air in front of the bathrooms alone.
Startled, the man and woman see Cali appear.
Cali, "Shucks, he let go! HOME!!"
He disappears.
The man and woman stand aghast.

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Ruda stands with his eyes closed.
Cali arrives, "Where is he, can ya see him?"
Ruda, "He's in the Atlantic ocean."
Cali, "Jeepers!"

* * * * *

Larry treads water in the ocean.
Larry, "Cali! Where are you? Cali, is this the Monastery? Oh, what do I do, oh..."
Larry swims around amongst many little fish, "Wild animals, oh! But, uh, they look too little to eat me. Cali! Cali! Oh shucks."

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Cali, "Should ya bring him back?"
Ruda, "No harm, let him get some experience. It'll be good for him."

* * * * *

Larry floats on his back, "Well, not too bad here, but I really think I'm lost. Cali's nowhere. Uh, how was I to get back?"
He glances to the side, a shark circles him, "Uh, Oh, Oh..."
Larry screams, "OH, OH, IT'S GOING TO EAT ME! I'M GOING TO DIE! OHHHHHH!"
He faints!

* * * * *

Ruda, "HOME!"
Larry arrives soaked, exhausted and shaking, "Wild animal! Wild animal! I'm going to die! I'm going to die!"
Cali, "It's okay, Larry, ya Home again."
Larry, "Yeah? Yeah... I didn't die."
Cali, "Right and boy, ya weren't even ready for death! Ya ain't even practiced yet! Would that have been terrifying! Have some lemonade, we'll try again in a few nups."
Larry, "We will?!

* * * * *

Jan's wooded area.
Dara's ready as Jan puts on hair.
Jan, "Okay."
They rise, cross their feet, down they go.

* * * * *

Near the Monastery bathrooms.
The man and woman sit near the bathrooms wondering what to do.
Another man walks by into one bathroom.
Man, "Should we tell Ajahn Trevis?"
Woman, "Do you think he'll--"
Dara and Jan appear in front of the bathrooms.
The man and woman are even more spaced.
Woman, "Uh... believe... us... ?"
They stare mesmerized.
Dara and Jan walk by.
The wind blows, leaves fall.
Jan stops, looks at the trees.
Jan, "Marana."
Dara, "Yes. On Earth, Marana is everywhere.-- This way to see Ajahn Trevis."
Jan and Dara walk down a lower path.

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Cali straps Larry's arm.
Cali, "Now this time I'll strap ya to me arm. Ya be really safe."
Larry, "Uh, uh..."
Cali, "No worries, my friend, we'll be late for the main teaching, but we'll get there for some guided meditation. Don't cha worry one bit, it'll be well worth the trip."
Larry, "Yeah, sure, uh..."
Cali connects the strap to his arm, "Okay, let's go."
They rise together, cross their feet, down they go and...

* * * * *

They arrive inside a Monastery bathroom.
Larry, "Where are we?
Cali, "At the Monastery, in a bathroom."
Larry, "A bathroom... what's a bathroom?"
Someone in the stall next door farts loudly.
Larry quickly grabs his nose, "Oh! Oh my gosh, the smell! Cali, what's that smell?
Cali, "Larry, this is Earth. That smell comes from decay. Remember the decaying smelling cherry? Earth has lots of decay and lots of smells from decay. Most humans never examine decay, death, and all. So they don't grow. No time for that now, let's go."
Coming out of the bathroom, they see a Buddhist Monk, shaved head.
Larry, "Hey, look, an Odd One! We really are at a Home on Earth!
Cali, "Right, my friend."
The man and woman see Cali and Larry come out.
Woman, "Oh, no! Should we tell him now?!"
They stare at Cali and Larry, afraid to do anything.
Cali and Larry walk by and see a young tourist in flimsy clothes, shaven head, lots of metal in the nose, ears, everywhere.
Larry, "Wow, another Odd One!"
Cali, "Well, yeah, odd, uh, look one thing ya gotta know about Earth is that Odd Ones don't always have no hair and everyone with no hair is not always an Odd One."

* * * * *
Chapter 32
Leaves

* * * * *

A strong wind blows as they walk uphill toward the hall.
Hundreds of leaves fall, many strike Larry and Cali.
Larry ducks down.
Larry, "Cali! The sky! The sky is falling!"
Cali, "Nope, just leaves. Here they die and fall off the trees."
Larry, "Die? Leaves? But in East Thorsland leaves stay green and on the trees."
Cali, "Right. This is Earth, though, with decay and death, signs which can be like teachers if only people would open their eyes. Y'see, if only humans reflected on leaves falling, they would understand how fragile their lives are and do more good deeds before they die."
As they walk, Larry sees all the dead leaves on the ground.
Leaves to the left, leaves to the right.
Larry, "Cali, there's leaves everywhere!"
Cali, "Yup. And lots of chances for humans to learn, but most don't care."
Larry looks up at the trees.
Mostly green leaves, some are reddish, yellow, brown.
He's learning.
One falls off, floats downward, landing at his feet.
Cali, "C'mon, time's short, let's go to the hall and hear the teacher."
Larry picks up the leaf, puts it in his pocket.
Larry, "What's this teacher's name?"
Cali, "We'e gonna try to meet two teachers, this is Ajahn Amber, she's married to Ajahn Trevis."
Larry, "Married? You mean they're mated?"
Cali, "As ever can be. I reckon they've mated 500 or more times."
Larry, "Wow! Are there other Odd Ones here?"
Cali, "Normally there's 50 students."
Larry, "Gee, that's lots more than we have."
Cali, "Well, they ain't all Odd Ones, at least not yet. There may be some real Ones, but many will go back to being regular and normal. It's a true Odd One who understands the teaching and wants to learn more. Here's the hall. Quiet, we'll get close and listen to Ajahn Amber."

* * * * *
Chapter 33
Teachers

* * * * *

Lower pathway to Ajahn Trevis's hut.
Dara and Jan pause.
Dara, "Ajahn Trevis is so kind. You'll love him. Time to fix your hair."
Jan pulls back her big bangs.
Dara rings a guest bell, Ajahn Trevis looks out his window.
Ajahn Trevis, "Yes?"
Dara, "Ajahn Trevis, it's Dara, remember me? I have my friend to meet you."
Ajahn Trevis, "Yes, Dara, please come."
Dara, "This is Jan."
Ajahn Trevis, "Hello, Jan, Dara told me you are a very keen meditator."
Jan, "I try my best, Sir."
A perplexed Ajahn Trevis stares intensely at Jan.
Over her face, he sees a vision of his old teacher Ajahn Mary.
Ajahn Trevis, "You remind me of my old teacher."
Jan looks intensely back, a knowing look, but reserved.
Ajahn Trevis, "Jan, Marana Sati. Do you know what I mean?"
Jan, "Yes."
Ajahn Trevis, "Marana, anytime, anywhere, anyhow, anybody."
Jan, "Yes, I will remember. Ajahn Mary would be happy to hear you speak so wisely. Thank you."
Dara, "Thank you so much, Ajahn Trevis, we're going to try to listen to Ajahn Amber now."
Ajahn Trevis, "That's fine. Bye, bye, you two. I think we'll meet again one day."
They walk away.
Ajahn Trevis watches them inquisitively, "Incredible."
He grabs a photo of Ajahn Mary, aged 85. Over her face, he sees a vision of Jan.

* * * * *

Meditation Hall.
Larry and Cali stand outside.
Ajahn Amber sits serenely with the students.
They speak softly.
Larry, "She's quiet and her eyes are shut, looks like they're meditating."
Cali, "She's leading a guided meditation. She'll speak soon."
Ajahn Amber opens her eyes, "May I try to remember 'to care and not to care'-- trying always to have an open caring heart, trying to have compassion for all beings. Yet at the same time may I understand that the world is as it is. All beings must walk the path to peace within themselves."
She pauses ten seconds
Ajahn Amber, "May I always try to offer a helping hand, but also to realize that at times some will not understand or even want to be helped."
Ten second pause.
Ajahn Amber, "May I understand that I can help best by balancing compassion with equanimity through the cultivation of wisdom within myself."
Ten second pause.
Ajahn Amber, "May all beings be able to find the path to inner peace, walk the path, each according to their own ability and understanding, directing the mind towards the ending of all pain and towards peace of mind.""
Cali, "Nice, eh?"
Larry, "Better than nice."
Cali, "Right, now we best get a move on, if we gonna meet Ajahn Trevis."

* * * * *

Upper pathway to Ajahn Trevis's hut.
Larry and Cali approach the top of a long staircase which below joins the lower path to Ajahn Trevis' cottage.
Larry looks around at all the leaves.
Then at the one from his pocket.
Dara and Jan approach the bottom of the staircase.
The man and woman appear in the background running along the lower path.
They stop, point at Dara and Jan.
Cali and Larry can not see the man and woman, but Cali spots Dara.
Cali, "Hey, Dara!"
Larry, "Dara?"
Dara, "Cali! Larry!"
Jan grabs her eyes and screams, "OH, NO! NO! NO! HOME!"
She disappears.
The man and woman's jaws drop.
Dara shrugs her shoulders, waves, "Oh, well. Bye, guys. HOME!
She disappears.
The woman grabs hold of the man.
Cali and Larry exchange looks, Larry sighs deeply.
They continue walking down the stairs.
Cali, "Gee, I had no idea Dara was coming with Jan, but-- no worries Larry, let's go. Last year, I met one of their assistants, Rostek. If I tell Ajahn Trevis, I'm Rostek's friend, he'll give us some time."
Cali rings the guest bell, Ajahn Trevis looks out.
Ajahn Trevis, "Yes?"
Cali, "Sir, my name's Cali and this is Larry, I'm a friend of Rostek."
Ajahn Trevis, "Oh, please come. How is Rostek?"
Cali, "Last I saw him, he was fine. I'd like to give ya a gift."
Cali hands Ajahn Trevis the cherries.
Ajahn Trevis, "Cherries, isn't that kind. Thank you. You must have brought them a long way."
Cali, "Yup, uh, it was a long trip. Uh, I know ya busy now, Sir, so I don't wanna bother ya too much. We are meditators also but we ain't got time for ya retreat. I read ya book and it's been so helpful. I hoped ya could please give us some teaching ya feel is important, that we should always remember?"
Ajahn Trevis, "Cali and Larry, one of my old very wise teachers, Ajahn Mary, used to teach about Marana Sati. She would ask, what is the only certain thing which will happen to all of us?"
Cali, "Death, Sir."
Ajahn Trevis, "When is your death coming?"
Cali, "Don't know, Sir."
Ajahn Trevis, "When death comes, at that very moment, what is most important? Is your food, is your money, is your job and all most important?"
Cali, "No, Sir, it's how I've lived my life. It's how I've grown in good ways. It's how much love and compassion I've developed and how much I've helped others."
Ajahn Trevis, "Very good, Cali. And you, Larry, do you feel the same?"
Larry is taken back by such a penetrating exchange.
Larry, "Uh, yes, Sir, yes, I sure do."
Ajahn Trevis, "Good, now always remember that and you will grow as good loving human beings. I will add one more thing: Conditions produce results. And certain conditions will produce certain results."
Cali, "Thank ya ever so much, Sir. We hope ya stay well and healthy, and continue to help many others. Please also give our best wishes to Ajahn Amber. We just heard her teach. She's so wise."
Ajahn Trevis, "That's fine, you two take care. Maybe we'll see you here for a retreat some day."
Cali, "Shore hope so, Sir. Thank ya again."
Larry, "Thank you very much, Sir."
As they walk off, Larry turns to Cali.
Larry, "Wow oh wow, thanks heaps. But uh, Cali, we aren't human beings."
Cali, "No worries, maybe next life, eh?"
Larry, "Uh yeah, maybe..."
Cali, "Time to go Home, hold my hand."
Larry glances quickly at all the leaves and then Cali calls, "HOME!"
They disappear.
Peering from around the corner of a building are the man and woman, jaws dropped.

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Larry and Cali arrive back.
Cali, "All's okay, Ruda. Thanks for watching over us."
Ruda, "My pleasure. I was as happy as you to see Ajahns Amber and Trevis. It's been a while since I visited them. They are very kind and wise."
Larry, "They sure are. Thanks again, Cali. But, hey we didn't see any garbage."
Cali, "No worries, maybe next time. But remember that smell in the bathroom was part of decay and so was the falling leaves."
Larry looks at some of the East Thorsland trees, full of green leaves, then at the brown one in his pocket.
Larry, "Yeah, okay..."

* * * * *
Chapter 34
Butch

* * * * *

The Circle of Palm trees.
All the Odd Ones sit in the wide bench-chairs.
Some with legs crossed, others with their feet on the ground.
Ruda sits on a higher bench-chair.
Jan sports her giant shades.
Ruda, "Hey, hey, hey, terrific to see you all so keen. We must get ready for Marana, otherwise... well, that is later in Part Four. Today, we have some newcomers who have not yet seen Marana's attacks so I want to explain briefly Part One of Marana. Exactly seven days before the attack, Marana gives us a warning. One unusual hair grows out of the top of the head. Smack dab center. This hair is like a messenger telling us that as soon as we see it, our countdown starts."
Larry, "Does everyone get this hair?"
Ruda, "Yes. Odd Ones easily see it. With Regulars it's more tricky. Yet it is always a different color to the rest of their hair. So they see it too, because they are always making their hair everyday, but they don't know what it means. Like this."
Ruda makes a movie of a Regular combing his blond hair.
He spots one single black hair in the center.
Ruda and others talk as the movie plays.
Ruda, "When they get this hair, they don't like it, as it spoils their hairdo."
The Regular gets upset at the one different hair.
Jan, "So do they just change its color to be as the rest?"
Ruda, "It's not that easy. Humans do that on Earth, they try to hide away from this important messenger, but not here. This is what happens."
The Regular changes his hair color to black and the one hair changes to blond!
He is further distressed.
Ruda, "No matter what color they change to, the one hair stays different."
Jan, "I think I know what they do then."
Ruda, "Go ahead Jan, take the movie."
Jan makes movie to show the Regular changing their hair to have every different color possible, so the odd one is not noticed.
The Regular smiles happily.
Ruda, "Good, Jan, you really are quick."
The movie dissolves.
Jan, "It's so sad, then they hide the messenger, they don't get ready for Marana."
Ruda, "Yes, you're right. So seven days pass and Marana destroys them with ease. And what's even sadder, is that they don't know what is happening and it's excruciating, horrible, unbelievable pain.""
Larry, "Oh my gosh... my gosh... oh, my..."
A vision comes to Larry of Butch floating in with his colored hair.
Ruda, "What's the matter, Larry?"
Larry, "Butch... my friend Butch..."
Larry starts crying.
Ruda, "Yes, he died. Some of us were with him, but we could not help him fight Marana."
A vision of Butch stroking his colored hair.
Larry, "He loved his blond hair. He loved it. Then... We saw him with lots of colors in his hair. He didn't look right. I didn't know... we..."
Ruda, "Regulars never know. Yet the 'messenger' is so clear for Odd Ones, we always know if Marana plans to attack."
Jan, "But no one in East Thorsland has any pain, they live thousands of years without any. So how do they know what pain is?"
Ruda, "That's just it. They don't, and death here is so incredibly painful they get overwhelmed by fear and pain. They go unconscious and die in horrific agony."
Jan, "So is this why we practice, to get ready for Marana?"
Ruda, "A big part, we must get ready for Marana's gruesome attack. And for Odd Ones who have practiced very well, we will never have so much pain. We can conquer Marana and even control our next life."
Larry, "That's fascinating, Ruda. Wow! But what is it that actually happens when dying? You showed me a cherry but, that was just a cherry."
Ruda, "A cherry has no consciousness, so you only saw it's body collapse and smelled the unpleasant odor. That happens here, too. First Marana's ominous dark clouds appear, then the smell which causes the dying person's friends to run away, leaving them to die alone. But..."
More visions of Butch, everyone smelling, the sky, Larry and Mel running, etc.
Larry, "Oh... yes, first Butch had funny looking hair, then the sky, then the smell. I had no idea, I was leaving him to die."
Ruda, "Yes, but things will be different for you next time. As I was saying, when the mind experiences death it is very different. Fear, anger, remorse, grief, many painful mental states come. That's in Part Two, this is enough now. Keep in mind, you never know which will come first, next week or your next life."

* * * * *
Chapter 35
Cherries

* * * * *

Ruda's rock ledge.
Larry and Cali approach.
Larry, "You like Earth a lot, don't you?"
Cali, "Larry, East Thorsland's beautiful, but I'd rather be born on Earth."
Larry, "Yet humans only live at most about 100 years. We live heaps longer. Why do you want to live there?"
Cali, "I reckon it's the best place to grow as a wise and loving being."
Larry, "How's that?"
Cali, "Imagine ya wanna eat cherries for years, every day. There's two ways: Make lots and eat some every day til they gone. When they gone, ya make lots all over again. Or ya make lots and as ya eat, make some more each day."
Larry, "Yes."
Cali, "When ya make some every day, ya never forget how to do it, right?"
Larry, "Right."
Cali, "But if ya make lots, then never make any for a long time, maybe ya forget. And when ya run out, ya can't remember how to make more."
Larry, "Yes, that could be. In that way, making a lot in the beginning and doing some every day would be best."
Cali, "Ya got it. Now, how'd cha get to be reborn in East Thorsland."
Larry blushes, "I did lots of good things in my past life. I was a good person."
Cali, "Right. But, until ya an Odd One, what'cha been doing to help others?"
Larry, "Well..."
Larry looks down into the valley.
Many regulars enjoy themselves playing Bolf.
Others sit by eating and laughing.
Others play Lennis.
Others swim.
The shining white Ballroom sparkles.
Larry, "No one here really needs to be helped. They are all very happy. Or that's what I used to think. So I didn't do anything. Now I can see how to try to help. But really we can't do much because they don't want any help. They think everything is fine."
Larry turns to Cali, "Hey, I got it. Before it was like I had lots of cherries and I was just eating them, not making any more. Now I'm making more to keep my supply good. But, oh... all the Regulars like Mel and Butch..."
Cali, "Sad, ain't it? They did enough goodness in their past life, so they got the reward of being born here, but now they are using up all their cherries and won't have any left. Then they may forget how to make more. That's why Earth is so good. Here everything is too happy. Everyone gets what they want, so they forget about death.-- Still got that dead leaf?"
Larry carefully pulls the leaf out of his pocket.
Larry, "Yes.
Cali, "Good, that's a messenger humans get lots of to help them remember about death and encourage them to do more goodness. And on Earth, there's always a chance to help, always someone worse off than us, always a problem which needs fixing, so it's easier to always remember how to make our cherries!"

* * * * *
Chapter 36
Goodness

* * * * *

Circle of Palm trees.
Cali stands amongst the trees watching Larry meditating very peacefully in the center chair.
Ruda sits in an outer one.
Larry calmly opens his eyes and smiles.
Ruda, "Great, well done. Three sessions and you already have all you need for defeating Marana."
Larry, "You gave me the right tips."
An amazed Cali approaches.
Cali, "It's not just great, Larry, downright awesome. Never seen anyone like ya. Ya can't even make Smoogie-oohoohgie yet dealing with Marana's a cinch. How'd ya do it?"
Larry, "Thanks, it's been Ruda's help."
Ruda, "More than my help. Cali, Larry has a gift that goes way beyond making food, clothes or whatever. He has done so much goodness in past lives, it's overwhelming. All I did was show him how to take joy with himself to overcome self-pity. Remember self-pity is Marana's deadliest weapon. When Larry saw his past goodness, all his self-pity vanished, so he has no trace of it for Marana to scare him with."
Cali, "Just fantastic, Larry, it's a real honor for me to know ya!"

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Cali sits, depressed.
Dara walks up to him, "What's up, honey?
Cali, "I can't believe it. I've been practicing hundreds of years, I still ain't ready for Marana. Larry, he's hardly been here and--"
Dara, "Cali, he's a Rare One. Why not ask him to help you?"
Cali, "But I'm the leader. I just can't..."

* * * * *
Chapter 37
One hair

* * * * *

A wooded area of home.
Walking along, Larry meets Nid.
Larry, "Hi, Nid. Have you seen Jan?"
Nid, "Is she talking with you now?"
Larry, "Well, uh, not yet... and I know she doesn't like it... but, uh, I like to watch her..."
Nid, "Oh, Larry, it's okay. She just needs more time. I saw her meditating under the Bodhi tree a little while ago. Maybe she's still there."
Larry walks toward to the Bodhi tree.
He sees the back of someone's head, with bushes blocking seeing more.
Shock!
One black hair on the top of the head."
Heart-broken, busting with tears, Larry rushes off to tell Ruda, talking with others at the Palm tree clearing.
Larry, "Ruda! Ruda!"
Ruda, "Larry, what's--"
Larry, "Ruda, Ruda, it's Jan and..."
Ruda, "And what?"
Larry, "She's... she has one hair on the top of her head!"
Larry collapses, yet none of the others are sad. They all have compassionate smiles on their faces, including Ruda.
Ruda, "Are you sure?"
Larry, "Listen, she has to see the hair, right? She has to see it before the seven day countdown starts, what if I put a hat on her and when she ends meditation, I tell her she can't take it off."
Ruda, "Larry--"
Larry, "Ruda, Jan's not ready. She's only been here three months. Marana will crush her."
Ruda, "Larry--"
Larry, "Marana can take me. I know Marana's tricks. Not Jan, she's--"
Larry collapses again.
Ruda, "Larry, let's all go sit around Jan until she comes out of meditation."
They walk toward the Bodhi Tree.
Getting closer with the person's head in sight, a man clears his throat.
Larry looks at Ruda in astonishment.
It's Cali.
They all sit quietly around him.
Cali clears his throat again, indicating his meditation is ending.
Before opening his eyes, he slowly moves his hand to his head - he knows already.
A nervous look appears on his face.
He recomposes himself, knowing others are there.
Cali, "Uh, nice, nice..."
Cali opens his eyes and sees everyone.
He acts strong, "G'day. T'day East Thorsland, next week Earth!"
Ruda, "Well spoken, Cali!"
Ruda and the old Odd Ones congratulate Cali.
Larry sits confused, gets up, wanders away.
Ruda follows him.
Larry, "Ruda, I'm missing something. Cali will be gone soon, I'm going to lose a good friend but you and everyone seem super excited. What am I missing?"
Ruda, "Got your leaf?"
Larry pulls out his leaf.
Ruda, "A messenger, right?"
Larry, "Yes, it's... it's a very important messenger."
Ruda, "Got your answer?"
Larry, "Yes, leaves, everyone eventually leaves, it's Cali's turn. No matter what I want, just like a leaf falling on Earth, Cali will be gone soon. I have to think of him, not myself, right?"
Ruda, "Good, that's quick, your past training is excellent. For most people it is very difficult to be unselfish when loved ones die. Cali will have his chance to be born human again, to do many more good actions than he can do here. But..."
Ruda shakes his head, "Larry, he's going to need help in his battle with Marana."

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Dara talks with Ruda under a starry night.
Dara, "You know Cali's not ready."
Ruda, "Yes, what more can I do? I've tried so hard. He's just too attached to his fame. I've tried and tried, I just can't. I'm sorry, Dara, I'm afraid it's going to be horrible."

* * * * *
Chapter 38
Ice Cream Man

* * * * *

Swimming pool area.
Larry, dressed as an Ice Cream Man, gives out ice cream cones.
Larry, "Ice cream, ice cream, get your ice cream here. Choose your favorite flavor, maybe get a surprise. Ice cream, ice cream."
Regular, "Hey Ice Cream Man, I'd like cherry. Can you get it right this time?"
Larry, "Maybe... there it is... surprise!"
Regular, "Chocolate, boy thanks, but you really are odd, Ice Cream Man."
Larry, "Yeah, well, you know desires and fulfillments, uh..."
Dara comes by.
Larry, "Hey, Dara."
Dara, "Hi, how's the Ice Cream business?"
Larry, "I'm okay, though no one else is. I can make the ice cream cone, but can't ever get the right flavor."
Dara, "Give it some time, I'm sure you will get it soon."
Larry, "Yeah... Uh, actually I have a question. What's Cali doing now?"
Dara, "Larry, the way it is with Odd Ones, they spend the first of the seven days with their mate. That's what we were doing yesterday. Then five days in meditation, he's doing now. And the last day talking with everyone until a few nups are left."
Larry, "Meditating on anything special?"
Dara, "He has two things to do. One is that he has to try to perfect his ability to conquer Marana, but..."
Dara starts crying.
Larry, "Dara, don't worry, he'll make it."
She recomposes herself, "Oh, Larry, I do hope so. I just wish he would let you help him... Second he searches where to be reborn. You see, if he can control his thoughts when he is dying, he will be able to control his destiny."
Larry, "Wow, that really is important."
Dara, "Yes. This is true for us and for humans, too. But the Regulars and most humans never spend time trying to control their thoughts. And very sadly, many humans think that dying when they are asleep is how they want to die. They think that would be the most peaceful way to die."
Larry, "Yet when they sleep, most people can't control their thoughts and who knows if they will have a pleasant dream when dying or whether they have a nightmare."

* * * * *
Chapter 39
Larry could help

* * * * *

Circle of Palm trees.
Cali meditates in the center chair.
Straining.
Ruda sits on an outer one.
Cali collapses.
Ruda, "Cali, Larry could help you."
Cali, "I'll do it, Ruda, I'll do it."

* * * * *
Chapter 40
The dead leaf

* * * * *

A wooded area of home.
Larry walks back and forth, stops, looks up at the green leafy trees.
He puts his hand in his pocket, pulls out the dead leaf, contemplates.
He puts it back.

* * * * *
Chapter 41
Cali leaves

* * * * *

The Circle of Palm trees.
It's the seventh day.
Cali talks with Larry.
Jan and others are close by.
Cali, "Larry, it's just been terrific knowing ya. I'm so happy we found out ya was a Rare One. And don't cha worry about mating, it'll come, no worries."
Larry looks over longingly at Jan, "That's... uh, yeah-- Thank you for being so kind and wise."
Cali, "Well, ya still got Ruda, he's the top one. In fact, he's gonna help everyone while I confront Marana. Y'see he'll watch my mind and tell ya how I'm going. After the battle, he'll tell ya if I get to Earth."
Ruda, "And I hope we don't have to wait as long as it took Mohgah!"
Cali and Ruda laugh.
Cali, "No worries, no worries."
Larry, "How's that? Who was Mohgah?"
Cali, "Our last leader, died 500 years ago. After Mohgah saw his hair, like I've done, he visited Earth to pick out parents. But y'see, if ya wanna be reborn quick ya gotta go to parents having sex."
Cali and Ruda laugh heavily again.
Cali, "Well, Mohgah picked some really nice people on his fifth day, even both meditators. But he didn't know they were gonna go into meditation retreat for four weeks on the sixth day and he never checked again!"
Larry, "Oh, my! Did he choose new parents?"
Ruda, "No! Ha! And I had to sit still in meditation watching Mohgah "hanging around" until his new parents returned! Just to be able to tell everyone that he made it!"
Cali, "Well, ya won't have that problem this time. I've picked a marvelous couple and some years ago, I met the fella, name's Rostek. He and his wife are students of Ajahn Amber and Ajahn Trevis."
Ruda, "Hey, hey, if they live long, they might be your teachers, too."
Cali, "Yeah, good, eh? And guess what, the timing of my death will be six o'clock in the evening for them."
Ruda, "Yes?"
Cali, "It's their 1st wedding anniversary!"
They all laugh.
Dara comes over, "Cali, it's time. You take care now."
Cali, "Dara, my true mate, let's plan to meet again, maybe at that Wat, okay?"
Dara, "Yes, that would be really special."
Larry, "Take care, Cali, I'll try to see you again one day."
Everyone else says good bye, including Jan behind her shades.
Cali and Dara do a brief intercognive.
He looks at the center seat with trepidation.
He sits on it.
Obviously anxious, he steadies himself again.
Cali, "Larry and Jan, I can't control the sky, nor the smell, that comes for everyone. I plan to control the pain, screaming and aging. If the smell bothers ya, just turn off ya nose. I'll be so busy, won't even know y'all are here. If I handle this well, I might get a little time at the end."
Larry, "Thanks, Cali, you're a true friend."
Cali meditates.
Everyone watches, except for Ruda, with his eyes closed, watching Cali from the inside.
Dara has tears in her eyes.
The sky darkens.
Larry looks up and sees again that human-like hideous looking cloud, with one of the hands reaching toward them.
Winds swirl horrendously.
Trees sway violently.
Everyone's clothes blow.
Ruda claps both hands in the air, causing the wind to affect the trees only and not themselves.
A stench emits from Cali's body.
Larry, "Oh, my gosh!"
Wiping her tears with one hand, with her other pinky, Dara turns Larry's smell off by touching his nose.
Jan's bearing it, but it's too much.
Dara turns off her nose as well.
Ruda tells everyone Cali's progress, as Cali sits sometimes still, sometimes shaking violently.
Ruda, "He's doing fine. The smell didn't bother him. Marana's attacking his legs first. The pain is building. Like being crushed under a mountain. He's fighting back. Arms now. Burning, burning like fire. Doing fine, got that one. Stomach, chest, back, up to his neck. Good, he's okay. A real fighter. Now a big one. There it goes, Marana's up his neck. It's racking, truly racking. Under control. He's got a moment to pause. Only a moment, that's it. Now the skin, Marana wants to rip the skin off. He's working hard. Got it, skin's okay. Now the teeth, ubp, one fell out, just one."
Cali spits out a tooth.
Ruda, "He's fine again."
Cali jerks violently, now bent over.
Larry and Jan, "Oh, oh..."
Cali again jerks violently and can't stop the movements.
Ruda, "Marana's got him! Larry help him!"
Larry jumps up and shouts, "Cali, think of your goodness, your goodness! Think of your goodness!"
Cali relaxes again.
Jan takes off her sunglasses, looks intensely at Larry.
Ruda, "Great, Larry, he humbled, he took it from you, perfect, he's okay again. Now the joints, Marana wants the joints to disconnect. It's the real big one. It's really hard. Everyone remember the joints are the big one. He's keeping them together, doing tops. He's conquered Marana, he's made it! Now he has to collect himself to leave the body. Collecting, doing fine. He'll have a tiny bit of time to spare, just a tiny bit..."
The wind stops.
The sky brightens.
Cali straightens, smiles, opens his eyes.
His body glimmers and fades.
Cali, "Thanks, Larry, ya a true friend and... teacher... Y'all... keep... doing... good..."
Cali winks, shuts his eyes.
Everyone is absolutely thrilled!
He slowly disappears.
Ruda still has his eyes shut, "That's it, a terribly hard one, but he did it!
Jan, "Did he make it to Earth?"
Ruda, "Well, well, can't waste any time."
Larry, "Why's that?"
Ruda makes a movie, letting everyone watch.
A super decked out dinner table.
Ruda, "That young couple set themselves a top romantic dinner, candles and all. Lo and behold, they couldn't wait to eat and are already in bed."
The bedroom, the couple make love under sheets.
Cali floats in miniature form above them.
Ruda, "Looks good, Cali's waiting. It's almost perfect timing, they, uh, uh, they did it!"
Cali zooms into the sheets.
Ruda, "And Cali's in!"
Everyone shouts with happiness.
Flowers fall from the sky.

* * * * *
Chapter 42
Jan's ready

* * * * *

Ruda's rock ledge.
Jan, wearing her big sunglasses, approaches Ruda, "Ruda."
Ruda, "Hey, hey, hey Jan, come, sit down."
She sits, takes off the shades.
Tears in her eyes.
Jan, "Ruda... I had a vision when Larry guided Cali against Marana."
She makes a movie.
A faint vision of a hospital room.
A man is leaning over a bed.
Faces are not seen.
Man, "Honey, think of your goodness, your goodness. Think of your goodness."
Jan, "But it was vague, Ruda, it was too vague. I, I wasn't sure. Later I went to meditate."
The vision gets clear, it is that same London hospital, 1665. Larry (as Eugene) leans over Jan.
Larry/Eugene, "It's okay, my love, no marriage this time. But somewhere else, another time, another life."
They kiss.
Jan, "Then I know I died-- Larry is my true mate, my true love!"
Ruda, "Good, Jan. You go on back to your woods and get ready."

* * * * *
Chapter 43
Larry's ready

* * * * *

Home welcome gardens.
Larry scuffles, getting cold feet.
Ruda, "Ready?"
Larry, "Uh, night is coming soon, uh, maybe we should do this tomorrow?"
Ruda, "Hey, Larry, the manual says it's the perfect time for Rare Ones to see if they are mates."
Larry fixes his clothes, brushes his hair with his fingers.
Larry, "Uh, uh, Ruda, do I look okay?"
Ruda, "Hey, hey, hey, you look tops!"

* * * * *
Chapter 44
Intercognive!

* * * * *

Jan's wooded area.
Night falls as Larry walks through the woods.
Jan sits with her back toward him, on a big bed-size bench.
She has on her eye-covering hair.
Larry hesitates, "Jan?"
She doesn't turn around, "Yes."
Larry, "Mind if I sit down?"
Jan, "Please go ahead."
He sits on the big bench, still behind her.
Larry, "Uh, do you mind if I sit in front of you?"
Jan takes a big sigh, "If you wish, please make a chair.
Larry tries to make a chair, only makes a short stool.
He goes to sit on it and falls over.
Jan smiles timidly, "Larry, do you want to ask me something?"
Larry, "May I?"
Jan, "Yes, it's okay and besides this is East Thorsland."
Still on the ground, Larry is on his knees, in a typical marriage proposal style.
Larry, "Jan, I think love of my lives, may I see your eyes?"
Jan's hands move slowly to her long bangs.

* * * * *

In the Home welcome gardens, Ruda with Nid look in a manual.
Nid, "Honey, according to the manual, if they are true mates, there's gonna be a wild fireworks display."
Ruda, "Hey, hey, yeah, two Rare Ones..."

* * * * *

Jan starts to part her hair.

* * * * *

Ruda, "Yeah, when Rare Ones mate, there's fireworks followed by music and flowers falling from the sky.

* * * * *

Jan finishes parting her hair.
They see each other's eyes.
Presto!
True mates!
They hold hands.
Intercognive!
Off go fireworks!

* * * * *

Nid, "Ruda!"
Ruda, "Hey, hey, hey spectacular..."
Following the fireworks comes music!
Sparkling flowers fall from the sky!
Ruda, "Really, really spec-ta-cu-lar..."

* * * * *

Jan and Larry look in each others' eyes.
Visions come of Jan and Larry in previous lives.
Married here, married there.
This time and place, that time and place.
Young couple, old couple.
With children, without.
A couple amongst Aztec Indians.
In front of an ancient Greek temple, in front of the Taj Mahal, etc.
Animals as well, two birds cooing each other, lions lying with their young, etc.
Jan and Larry smile with the utmost beautiful smiles.

* * * * *

Morning arrives.
Larry and Jan are still holding hands, looking into each other's eyes, yet the Intercognive is finished.
They know now that they have been mated and married many hundreds of times in past lives.
Larry, "You're just fabulous, Jan, honey."
Jan, "Larry, dear, I had no idea..."
Ruda and Nid arrive.
Ruda, "Hey, hey, hey, the fireworks were just super duper rooper!"
Nid, "And the music was soooo perfect!"
Ruda, "And the flowers, why only a Flower Woman could have such a show!"
Nid, "Congratulations, you two make such a lovely pair."
All the other Odd Ones arrive, congratulating Jan and Larry.
One of the others, "Hey, time to celebrate!"
They all join in, happy.
Jan touches Ruda's arm softly, motions to go to the side, "Ruda."
Ruda, "Yes."
Jan's eyes swell with tears of joy, "Ruda, thank you."
Ruda gives the most loving fatherly smile one could ever imagine.

* * * * *
Chapter 45
A leaf flutters

* * * * *

The circle of Palm trees.
An elated Larry strolls along, singing to himself.
He stops, looks at the chairs, still arranged as when Cali died.
A vision of Cali appears.
The vision fades.
Larry's expression turns solemn.
He reaches in his pocket.
Nothing.
No leaf.
A soft wind blows, creating a rustle of leaves.
He looks up at the single big leafy green tree.
A solitary yellow-brown dying leaf flutters.
The leaf falls, sails in the breeze, floating ever so gently.
Twisting and turning, until it softly lands on the seat where Cali had been.
Larry walks slowly towards it.
Reaching the seat, he hesitates.
He stretches out his hand to pick it up, but...
it disappears.

* * * * *

The end
About the Author

Thank you for reading "Leaves fall", one of Steve Weissman's 12 stories now available worldwide. We hope you enjoyed the "journey" with Larry, Jan, Dara, Cali, Ruda and the other characters.
Steve has been an international Buddhist meditation teacher since 1987. He was a resident teacher at a meditation center in Thailand for 25 years, teaching over 8,000 students from more than 85 countries. He currently lives in Australia, and continues teaching at various centers worldwide.
It was in his early years of teaching that Steve started weaving in entertaining short stories. One of his students commented on how they thought Steve could successfully write a screenplay. At the time Steve had far too much work to consider such a project, and dropped the thought.
Several years later, Steve was contemplating the Buddhist philosophy concerning death in different realms of existence, particularly the higher realms. In those realms, beings are thought to live an extremely long time and may come to believe their existence is permanent. He wondered what it would be like to explain what death is to someone, who had absolutely no knowledge about the aging process or death. These thoughts sparked more thoughts, and three days later, Steve finished his first screenplay draft.
After polishing that script and experimenting with a few more, Steve realized that no one has yet produced a dramatic movie of the Buddha's life for Western audiences. Yes, there are many biographies of the Buddha, but a biography is a biography, and very difficult to create the excitement that movie audiences want.
So, why not write a semi-fictious biography, with the dimension and character of a true "Hero's journey"?
Steve's movie script, "The Great Quest" is that story, which has the potential to become the first Hollywood-level, dramatic movie of the Buddha's life produced for both Western and worldwide audiences. <http://thegreatquest.net.htm>
But although "The Great Quest" has made 22 script contest finals, Steve's many attempts to attract producers, directors, actors, agents and managers, has not yet produced fruit.
Understanding more about the film industry, Steve realized that a film of this magnitude - with good directing & acting - could be Oscar-worthy, but it would be very expensive. So he decided to write more scripts that were lower budget, thinking that if one of these would sell, he might get a better response for "The Great Quest". These scripts have made another 36 finals, and he has now won 7 contests, with dozens more semi & quarterfinals.
But, again, Steve's attempts to attract Hollywood interest, has not yet produced fruit.
So now his thought is - turn the scripts into inexpensive short stories, and see what happens.
Do you have any possible connections with film personnel? If so, would you please pass "Leaves fall" on to them. Steve will also gladly send all 13 of his stories to anyone who has a genuine interest in turning one or more of these into a film.
And, if you did enjoy this story and would like to help in even a small way, would you please take a few moments to leave a good review at your favorite retailer? More positive reviews will encourage others to read and enjoy it, too.
Thank you very much. You might be that special person who can help "Leaves fall" and "The Great Quest" become wonderful movies.
More information about Steve's teaching can be found at <https://rosemary-steve.org>. And specific film/stories information can be found at <http://thegreatquest.net/stories.htm>.

* * * * *
Steve's 13 stories

The Great Quest	
Drama Biopic
Based on the true story of the Buddha: The battles of a Prince who rejects riches and power, risks insanity and death, in a quest to find ultimate freedom.
Imprisoned in the Palace by his father, the time fruits when a naïve Siddhartha awakens to the realities of the world, and escapes in search of a deeper meaning to life. His devious, look-alike, unrelenting alter ego, Mara, presents the greatest obstacle, thwarting Siddhartha at every possible opportunity. Siddhartha also confronts barbaric Brahmin Priests, a war-raging King and evil spirits before he attempts harsh austerities and starvation. Barely escaping madness and death, Siddhartha strengthens himself for his illustrious battle with Mara, when only one will survive.
ISBN 978-0-6487941-0-3

Open Your Eyes, Dude
Romantic Comedy
Relaxing at the beach before a seminar with the world's most renown, yet reclusive eye surgeon, playboy doctor Tom has been given an ultimative - stay a bachelor stuck in his boring job or join an elite group of doctors keen to be in the Senate. However, he has just one week to find a wife who will enhance his public image. When he meets secretive, gentle new-ager Tricia in the surf, she intrigues him and then escapes his advances before he can discover more. He follows her but confronts the scheming tricks of a jealous neurosurgeon, and his own selfish ways. Finally he seduces her for one night, and actually finds that he is falling in love with her. But what happens when she discovers his original motivation?
ISBN 978-0-6488482-5-7

Barred Engagement
Crime Thriller, Romance
Travis and Janie are lovers from high school, engaged to be married, with her father welcoming Travis more than his own son. But when they find out Travis has a different real last name, all hell breaks loose. With her father threatening to kill Travis if they tried to marry, Janie cancels the marriage to save Travis, but he won't give up that easily. Despite the danger, a resolute Travis must fight not only for his love, but for his life. And little did he expect to find out how Janie's father was connected to his parent's deaths.
ISBN 978-0-6487941-8-9

Love, Mysterious
Fantasy Romantic Comedy
Cupid's top marriage agent from who-knows-where, Kolby has a massive problem. His job – and Cupid's life - are on the line unless Kolby can fulfill the hardest of all assignments! Rumor has it the couple were Romeo & Juliet, Anthony & Cleopatra, plus believe it or not - Adam & Eve. But when there's a time limit on the love arrow's potion, things don't always work out the way you'd like. He shot the greatest two soul mates as little kids, but the girl was born to the wrong parents and moved halfway around the world. Kolby must get them back together and make sure they stay that way. He's in a race against time to save Cupid and Love on Earth. And if that wasn't enough, he also struggles with another love agenda of his own.
ISBN 978-0-6487941-6-5

Mick, a kid who fought
Coming-of-age Drama
Brought up by a immigrant Polish father who never "stirs a tiger", quiet Mick shies away from any confrontation, even when he's denied his well earned High School award with a desperately needed scholarship by a jealous teacher. Yet after the girl he loves calls him a loser, Mick chooses to identify with his freedom fighting grandfather who died rocking too many boats. Will Mick learn to fight against bullies and win back his love, or will his father prevent him?
ISBN 978-0-6488482-3-3

Vicki in Viewland
Fantasy Adventure Animation Comedy Spoof
ALICE IN WONDERLAND meets THE WIZARD OF OZ in the land of foolish views.
A 13-year-old's crush on the paper boy has her falling head over heels, landing in the fantasy world of Viewland where the vicious President labels her a terrorist and tries to annihilate her. Aided by a five foot tall Bluejay and Count Alf the Fourteenth, she confronts foolish view after view until she must defeat the President in order to return home. Yet is the President the only one she must battle? Or is there someone more ominous who awaits her?
ISBN 978-0-6488482-7-1

For Life
Drama
For years Taylor, the president of a leading euthanasia group, has pumped all his energy and drive into his "mission". But now he must confront the reality of his own mother's illness and face-off with his estranged anti-euthanasia daughter, who holds power of attorney and medical decisions for her grandmother. Fearing the worst of her hated father, she does what she can to stop Taylor, yet his buddies also come knocking on her grandmother's door. Meanwhile Taylor's incestuous sister-in-law plays her sexual games and plans what to do with her share of the inheritance.
ISBN 978-0-6487941-7-2

Security Act 2070
Thriller Drama Sci-fi
Sixty years in the future, materialism reigns supreme in America, "One nation under Money". Those who protest the accepted creed are declared fanatical enemies of the State. After losing his parents and his love, the death of his brother tips Buddy over the edge into the "disease" which pits him against the culture. Swiftly suppressing his protest, the authorities commit him to a mental hospital where a doctor seeks a live specimen for research.
ISBN 978-0-6488482-1-9

Get Updated, System's Archaic
Coming-of-age Dramedy
Ken and Aaron's childhood sibling rivalry continues as adults. Though Aaron tries to make it good, even saving Ken's life, Ken's hatred stays. When Aaron shows up for a family reunion with Rahula, a half-Asian adopted son, Ken's prejudice grows, and multiplies a hundred-fold when Rahula and Ken's daughter fall for each other. Can the past be healed or will the reunion tear the family further apart?
ISBN 978-0-6488482-0-2

The Kalama Awakening
Cult Drama
On a spiritual quest, young naive Julie's longing for freedom and devotion makes her an easy target for a cult Guru's lust and her boyfriend's willingness to trade her for power and fame. Isolated and drugged, she ends up in a nightmare of betrayal and manipulation, yet resists being brainwashed into submission and becoming the Guru's sex slave. Sage, an ex-devotee, knows the evils that await and risks his life to rescue her. Yet he also becomes caught in the Guru's web and it's up to Julie whether she can save both of them.
ISBN 978-0-6488482-6-4

Leaves fall
Fantasy Dramedy
In a world where soulmates meet, an inept fellow has failed constantly for over 300 years. Even when his true love appears, rather than being ecstatic to see him, she yearns for her past life as a celibate nun. Clever, quick and breaking the rules, she outfoxes mating attempts, not realizing that they are an eternal pair. So what happens when a ninety year old nun, celibate all her life, dies and is spontaneously reborn as a young beautiful woman in a world where everyone meets their true mate?
ISBN 978-0-6488482-2-6

Another Chance
Drama Thriller
Brad, a star High School quarterback/Valedictorian, turns bad, becoming a local drug lord. Despite his wrong ways, he longs for the approval of his virtuous father. When Brad finally entices his father into his nightmare world, a surprised and shocked Brad watches his Dad out perform his own evil ways. When he awakens from his hell, he tries to reform and plans to marry a homely, innocent Librarian whom he truly loves - but will his fate allow this?
ISBN 978-0-6488482-4-0

The Burden of Angels
Fantasy Comedy Short
God warns goofy Humphrey, he's on the verge of failing Angel School when an elite class of angels head to earth to help major catastrophes, yet poor Humphrey plans to aid just one man who lost a piece of paper.
ISBN 978-0-6488482-9-5
