
Legacy of Lillas

by

N. A. Theracher

Copyright 2021 N. A. Theracher

Smashwords Edition
Chapter 1

Lillas sat, wearing a cute black dress and afro puffs, bound with shiny black ribbons. Her hands rested in her lap. Too short to reach the ground, she kicked her feet under her seat. It was a sunny, cloudless day. They were covered by the shade of a massive oak. On one side of her sat a family friend she only knew as "Evera." He was taller than tall, with skin the color of milk, hair the color of cotton, and eyes like blue crystals. He looked like a man to her, but called himself a "himmel." She didn't know what the difference was. He was powerful though, even stronger than the vampire she'd met. Maybe that was the difference. On the other side of her sat her mother, Marisai, who sobbed and sniffed, both from the tragedy, and also from the confrontation with the in-laws. 

Isaiah Mikkinnan’s family had always hated Marisai for some reason. Anything bad that happened to Isaiah, they blamed her as if her mere presence was a curse. Today was no different. If anything, today solidified their belief. If she hadn't insisted that he take the kids out, if she hadn't forced him to go on the outing without her and Lillas, he and the kids would still be alive. And why didn't she go? Oh! Lillas was sick. How convenient. She stayed home with the sick child. Why didn't he stay? Why didn't they postpone the outing? Did she know something? Did she do something? She was just a curse. Him marrying her was the worst mistake of his life, and it cost him his life, cost them their son and their brother, their nieces and nephews.

This conflict was just one more weird event on a list of weird events. Lillas had thrown dirt on her family's caskets, her father's the biggest, her two-year-old sister's the smallest. Her father's family screamed at her mother. Her mother, who was usually fiery and loud, sat dejected and snuffed out as if she really believed their words, that she had somehow caused the crash that killed her family. Evera, who had great power, didn't stop them from hurling insults. Maybe he believed them, too.

It was quiet now. The guests had gone to the reception at her grandparents' home. Lillas was invited and welcomed. Marisai and Evera were not. The three sat in a silence disrupted by the passing breeze and acorns falling on polished wood. Lillas wanted to leave. But not to go home. Home was different, empty. She'd gone from being the third of five children to the only child, from having two parents to one. In the days leading up to the funeral, home, which had once been filled with lava games and fights with her younger brother, was now filled with silence and darkness. She wanted to go, but to where?

"Cross will take you both with him tonight," Evera said after a breath as if he were afraid to speak, like his voice would offend the mood. 

Cross was coming. That was expected, but also a surprise. Her father's vampire friend had promised to take both her and her mother to Italy with him after the funeral. She just didn't realize he meant right after the funeral. When she asked if they'd be back, he said, "No. There's no reason for you to be here. You're my family, now. I'm going to take care of you." That was it. She'd lost her father, brothers, sisters. Now, she was going to lose her house, her home, her neighborhood, and all her friends.

When they finally got home, Marisai sent Lillas up to the road to the family restaurant, MK1, to grab ice, juice, and a few other things. She felt like the girl from Sesame Street, "A loaf of bread, a container of milk, and a stick of butter."

For the first time, she was trusted with the restaurant keys. For the first time, she unlocked and opened the door herself. She was a small girl doing big girl things. She paused at the restaurant's entrance. It was darker than usual. Sunlight grazed the floors and tables. It was enough to see, but it was overcast, ghostly, completely different from how it normally looked. At that moment, she realized she had no idea where the light switch was. She forced herself to walk across the massive dining area, still in her dress shoes, clicking and pattering with each step. In the kitchen, she gathered what her mom wanted: ice, juice, bread, milk, eggs, sugar…

The bells at the front door jingled. "Hello?! It's Ed Travers. The door was open. I just...oh! Hey!"

Lillas peeked around the corner.

"It's your Uncle Eddie. You know me. I'm your father's friend."

"I know." Uncle Eddie was always nice to her, but she didn't know him well. She was good friends with his son, Kevin. "My daddy's not here." Lillas's voice came out in a high-pitched whisper. "My mommy sent me. She said it was okay to be here. She sent me to get things."

Uncle Eddie’s lips shook. His eyebrows twisted. He swallowed, took a deep breath, and straightened his face. "Of course, baby. Of course, you can be here. Can I help you?"

She nodded. 

He joined her in the kitchen and helped gather and bag the requested items. As they continued, other neighbors came in. More of her parents' friends. They were all at the funeral and were disgusted by the way her mother was treated and didn't attend the reception.

The elders sat around, drinking beer and soda. Uncle Eddie decided to make a couple of things in the kitchen. A couple of things turned into a full table. A full table turned into two full tables. More neighbors came. Soon they had their own reception right there in the restaurant. They shared jokes and stories about Isaiah and the family. Everyone seemed to need a turn hugging Lillas and had to tell her, "I remember when your mother was pregnant with you," and, "I remember when your mother brought you home," and, "You look just like your father."

What was supposed to be a quick run to get stuff turned into hours. Uncle Eddie helped her carry the items home. When they arrived, Evera was gone, the house was dark, and Marisai was nowhere in sight. Lillas was just happy to be back after hours saturating in the elders' jovial energy. 

"Mari?" Uncle Eddie called, but there was no answer. "She must be asleep." Lillas agreed. They put the items away. Lillas walked upstairs and tapped on her mother's door, then eased it open just enough to peek in. Like the rest of the house, it was dark. A spray of evening light drifted across her bedridden form. Lillas closed the door. "She's okay," she whispered to her Uncle.

"OK," he whispered back. "Let's go downstairs." He made a show of tiptoeing towards the steps, actions that she followed.

Once at the bottom of the steps, she told him, "We're supposed to leave tonight. Cross is taking us."

"Your father's vampire friend?"

"He said we're going to Italy and not coming back because we're his family now, and we don't have family here anymore."

"Well, that's not true. I'm your family. This whole neighborhood is your family."

"He says you're not, so he's going to take care of us."

"And your mother is OK with this? A vampire just taking you away from your home?"

"He said he's taking us. She didn't say no."

"Huh. When she wakes up, have her call me."

"She should wake up soon. We have to pack. But I don't know when he's coming. Maybe we don't have to pack now."

"OK. Well, have her call me anyway, OK?"

She nodded. He knelt down and gave her the biggest, tightest hug, and a big kiss on the cheek. Lillas was afraid to let go, not knowing what would happen once he left, and she was alone in the dark house. After giving her his phone number, he was gone.

Lillas started packing her bags as the sun set. She grabbed the most important things: clothes, underwear, stuffed animals, one toy from each sibling, the forbidden toy, the one she wasn't allowed to touch. Lillianne's Gameboy and the one game she owned, T2; Elizar's K'Nex set, the one he made to look like a Lamborghini; Elijah's Teddy Ruxpin; Lileena’s giant teddy bear that was bigger than the two-year-old. She never went anywhere without it. Lillas took them because no one could stop her, but also because they were the ones most important to her brothers and sisters. She took a page out of her father’s  cookbook. It was the kebab and cashew butter recipe that he loved. Finally, she had three bags of everything important. She was ready.

Marisai was not. Attempts to wake her failed. The sun had set. Cross would be here soon. Marisai had to pack. If she didn't pack, how could she go? Lillas had to help her. In the closet, she found a large suitcase and stuffed it with her mother's favorite clothes and trinkets. Once it was full, Lillas dragged the suitcase down the steps, almost falling over in the process. Fortunately, she didn't. If she died, her mother would have no one; she'd be alone. Lillas didn't want her to be alone, so she couldn't die tonight. 

She placed their suitcases in front of the door, sat on top of the biggest, and waited.

Cross never came.

Marisai never woke. 

Chapter 2

Over the next few days, Lillas would check on her mother, leave her breakfast, go to school, not talk to anyone, then go home. In the afternoon, she would remove bowls of soggy cereal. Marisai wore the same clothes as she did the day of the funeral. But now they were covered in pee and poop. The room reeked. The smell grew so bad that Lillas didn't want to go in there anymore. But she had no choice. Someone had to at least give her food, even if she didn't eat.

The house was unfamiliar. She grew up here, but didn’t recognize it. When she cleaned and put things away, they stayed clean and where they were supposed to be. With seven people in the house, the details of each day were often unpredictable. Which kids were getting along? Which ones weren’t? Was this the day they join forces against the parents? Who was getting grounded? Who was getting praised and doted on? Whose turn was it to vacuum? Whose turn was it to wash the dishes in the sink, what few there were? Where the other dishes were, no one ever knew. Without these little ingredients sprinkled throughout the house, the house was nothing but a vast and lonely space that held an emptiness she could hear. It made her uncomfortable. Once she completed what few chores she had, she sat beside her mothers door, clutching a bear her father had given her. 

A sudden knock on the front door jolted Lillas. She took a deep breath to cushion the shock. She stood and cautiously walked down the steps, dragging her teddy. Another set of three knocks. Lillas stood at the door, too short to reach the peep hole, and not sure if she should say something or wait. If the person on the other side was a stranger, what would she do? She didn’t talk to strangers. 

“Mari! It’s Diane!” Oh! Auntie Diane. She was one of the neighbors. Her family always hung out with the Mikkinnans. Lillas cracked the door just enough for one little hazel eye to peek through. Auntie Diane was tall. Although, to the seven-year-old, everyone was tall. She always wore a brimmed hat, nice blouse, tight, pin skirt and flats with a bow. Church-ready at all times. 

"She's asleep," Lillas said in her usual high-pitched whisper. 

"At this hour? It's only three in the afternoon. Is she OK?"

Lillas said nothing.

"Do you mind if I come in and check on her?"

Lillas lowered her head and thought about it. Then she lifted her head to answer. "Her room smells bad. She needs to shower, but she won't wake up."

"Oh, Lord!" Auntie Diane gasped. Fearing the worst, she rushed past Lillas and almost tripped over the suitcases that remained at the front door. Lillas had gotten used to walking around them. Auntie Diane regained her balance and examined the luggage. "Y'all going somewhere?"

"Cross is coming to get us. He was supposed to get us after the funeral. He's late."

"And your mother just left the suitcases here?"

"I did."

"And she didn't say anything?"

"She doesn't know."

"Oh, Jesus!!" Auntie Diane jogged up the stairs. She barged through the door then made a sound of disgust at the smell. She switched the light on and made further proclamations.

Lillas inched up the stairs. Auntie Diane yelled Marisai's name, shook her, slapped her. Nothing. She checked her wrists. There was a pulse. She was still alive, which was a relief, but she wasn’t responding. 

Lillas watched outside the doorway as Auntie Diane tried everything to get Marisai to respond. Her violence escalated with desperation until Lillas screamed for her to stop.

Auntie Diane stopped, only now realizing how she must have seemed to the child...and anyone else who witnessed her behavior. At that moment, Auntie Diane decided they needed to call for help. 

The house was swarmed by firefighters and EMTs, all rushing and talking in code. Never had there been so many strangers in Lillas’ house. Overwhelmed, even the simplest questions were met with silence. "What's your name? How long has she been like this? Who's been taking care of her? Who's been taking care of you?" Auntie Diane answered everything. She had no problem talking to this hive of unknowns. Maybe it was because they were all adults. Adults speak a different language than kids. Lillas was the only kid here. There was no one for her to talk to.

The adults decided to take Lillas’ mother to the hospital. There, everyone talked to Lillas and around her. With all of the noise and bright lights, she couldn't hear what they were saying. A woman in a black skirt and red top knelt and introduced herself. 

"Hi! My name is Ann-Marie Chamberlain.” She gave a practiced smile and spoke in that fake cheerful voice adults use when they think kids don’t understand them. “I'm with Child and Family Services. Your name is 'Lillas,' right? That's a very unusual name. It's very pretty. I've talked to Ms. Diane here. She's agreed to take you for a few days while I find something a little more permanent...at least until your mother is better. Your mother is not well. Doctors are going to figure out what's happened to her so they can fix her. Hopefully, it won't take too long, but as soon as she's better, you'll go home with her." She stood and spoke with Auntie Diane. They'd contacted the Mikkinnan side of the family. No one would take her. Auntie Diane told Ms. Chamberlain that she wasn't surprised, given the scene at the funeral. If Marisai had family, no one knew where they were. There was no record of her parents, siblings, nothing. Auntie Diane didn't have the space or means to keep Lillas long-term. Ultimately, both of these women knew she'd end up in the system. 

And she did.

Uncle Eddie had her for a few months before his wife said she no longer felt safe around the girl. She'd seen her do unnatural things with water - lift it, play with it, just like it was a completely normal thing to do.

From there, she was sent to live with the Jenkins. Though fosters, they were meant to be a more permanent arrangement.

Chapter 3

Lillas stood at the edge of the pool, watching the other kids play and laugh in the water. Her heart raced. Her nerves shook. Sunlight reflecting off the small waves hurt her eyes. She breathed. Get in. Just step in. you’ll be fine. See the other kids? They’re fine. You can do it. You can do it. She bent her knees and slowly dipped her big toe into the water then snatched it back out. Crap! It’s freezing! A complete contrast to the blistering summer heat that imprisoned the air. 

She couldn’t do it. She just couldn’t do it. The water was just too deep and too cold. She looked up at Mrs. Jenkins who was playing polo with the other kids. For a brief moment they locked eyes before Mrs. Jenkins gave her that look of disappointment she always had then looked away. Lillas took a deep breath, hunched her back, hung her head, then backed away from the pool. She sat in one of the long beach chairs on the edge and stared at her toes. 

She was eight now. It had been a long year. Marisai was still in the hospital. Cross Point. An institution. Lillas had never heard of one before and wasn't comforted when she looked it up. Was her mother crazy? Would she get better? Who would take care of Lillas? Questions no one wanted to answer. They didn't even tell her what kind of mental illness Marisai had. From what Lillas knew, it could be anything. They wouldn't even let Lillas visit. Something about "not suitable for children." But loneliness was suitable? This level of fear was suitable? In and out of strangers' homes? Unloved. Neglected. It didn't make sense.

“I’ll be right back,” Mrs. Jenkins said. She hopped out of the pool then went inside. Lillas watched her. Mrs. Jenkins was pretty. Tall, dark, soft skin, long hair. When Lillas grew up, she wanted to be just like her. The Jenkins seemed to be good people. They fostered a lot of kids, kids with no parents or bad parents. That was a good thing, taking care of kids even though they weren’t theirs. It had been so long since she’d been around good people that she wasn’t sure what they looked like anymore.

The Jenkins's house was nice. Two floors. Lots of rooms. Lots of beds. Besides the pool, they also had a play area in the basement with a really big TV that the kids watched movies on. The carpet was soft and felt good between her toes. They were supposed to wear house shoes all the time, but Lillas just loved the way it felt. She couldn't help it. 

Lillas breathed. She didn’t want to leave here. The Jenkins were the first people to be nice to her since…well, since the Travers. What? A year? Maybe? They got her into school where other kids got her into X-Men, Fantastic Four, Avengers, and Justice League. To be part of a team like that, all of those powers, all of those people working together, that was what she wanted. She may have it here with the Jenkins if she could stop being weird.

Seemed whenever she was around, something strange happened. Little things. A small burst of air that shifted a curtain. A glass of water turned to ice. Lights flickering. Things like this happened so often that some of the older kids started calling her "Carrie." Mostly, that was Peter Wilmore. He didn’t like her. He always picked on her, called her names, ate her food, threw her toys away. He was always around when strange things happened, but no one blamed him because he’d been there longer and never caused any problems. 

Peter was fourteen-years-old and built like a freight train. Had a temper like one, too. Whatever Lillas had, he wanted. If she said no, he’d take it. He didn’t care who saw. Mr. and Mrs. Jenkins yelled at him time and again for bullying her. They didn’t understand what had gotten into him. Sally, one of the girls Lillas shared a room with, said that Peter had always been terrible. She once saw him yelling at the air to, “Get inside the cat.” He got mad and killed the cat. He pointed to his imaginary friends, telling one to kill the other. Sally never felt comfortable around him. But when the parents were around, he was different. His own parents died in a murder suicide. The Jenkins planned to adopt him. He was on his very best when they were around.

Those imaginary friends that Peter had - the ones that made it seem like Peter was yelling at the air - Lillas could see them, too. They were monsters like the ones Elijah would play with. But she’d never heard Elijah try to make one get “into” something else. That was new. Peter would tell one of his friends to pick on Lillas. He’d get angry when she freaked out and burned them. She couldn’t help it. They were terrifying. Skin peeling from flesh. Flesh peeling from bones. Limbs hanging by the joints. Crying. Screaming. Cursing. They were tortured and wanted to torture. She wouldn’t let them hurt her or anyone else. 

As terrifying as the monsters were to her, she was to everyone else in the house.

She had to change. She had to be more like what the Jenkins’ wanted. More like Peter. Or at least get along with him. If she couldn’t do either, they'd have her removed.

Removed from the nicest place she’d ever lived. That couldn't happen. She tried being nice. She gave him all of her things. Nothing worked. He still hated her. Whenever he walked into the room, whenever she heard his voice, heard his name, her body went weak with nerves. Then things happened.

She looked up and saw him approaching through the glass doors, wearing his swim trunks. Lillas stood and watched him exit the backdoor and stomp across the concrete towards her. She felt nauseous. Shadows of dizziness blurred her vision until she blinked it away. She had to pee. She had to poop. She couldn’t do this. She didn’t want to talk to him. She didn’t want anything to do with him.

He stood in front of her, sneering from his monstrous height. “What’s up, Carrie?"

Silence. Even her mind went blank. Her lips shook, eyes watered.

He put his hand in her hair. His touch sent ripples across her skin like ants crawling in and out of every pore. He took a lock and crushed it in a fist. “Dry as a bone. What’s the matter, Carrie? Don’t like water?”

Silence

“Or maybe…you can't swim." He chuckled then yelled to the others. "Hey, guys, Carrie here can’t swim!” 

Everyone paused. For a few moments the only things to be heard were the chirping of birds and buzzing of bees. Then loud hysterical laughter broke out over the group. They pointed and chanted, “Carrie can’t swim. Carrie can’t swim.”

“What do you say we teach her?” Peter peered down at her like a mad Titan. 

The other children cheered.

“See? We’ll teach you.”

“No,” Lillas said, barely able to speak above a whisper. “You’re lying.”

His face flushed red with anger. “What’d you say to me?”

Lillas inhaled three quick swallows of breath. Something touched her hand. Before she could stop herself, she released a small burst of air that pushed Peter back and sent Sally stumbling into the water.

“Look what you did!” Peter yelled. “Now you have to go get her.”

“What?”

Before she could think, he lifted her over his head and threw her as hard and as far as he could. 

She opened her mouth as big and wide as she could and screamed until she was silenced by a rush of water down her throat and up her nose. She flailed her arms and kicked with all her strength, but went nowhere. She could hear shouting, but couldn’t make out what was being said. When she opened her eyes, everything was blurry. The sensation scared her. She closed her eyes, but then being underwater in the dark was even scarier.

Someone grabbed her by the arm and pulled her up. Gasping for breath, she realized Mrs. Jenkins had saved her. Peter snatched Lillas from their foster mother’s arms, yelling, “She needs to learn to swim!” He pushed Mrs. Jenkins away, shoved Lillas under water, then swam to the bottom, pushing her along.

Others followed them. There seemed to be a struggle. Some of the kids wanted to save her; others not so much. She was a freak. There was something wrong with her. Meanwhile, Lillas struggled against the boy linebacker. All her efforts proved futile and only seemed to make him more determined to drown her. 

Water rushed up her nose, burned her throat, choked her, forced her to breathe in more. The liquid and chlorine flooded her lungs. Just before blacking out, her body tingled. Her blood, nerves, and bones shook. Her eyes turned blue. The water in her body retreated through her nose, mouth, and ears. 

A surge pulled and tugged her through the water, spun her faster and faster until she’d hit the bottom of a bare pool. She coughed and gagged the rest of the water from her body. She looked ahead, then, in fear, forced herself to stand. Shaking and dry, she couldn’t move except in a circle. Her blue eyes wide, she saw she was surrounded by water. 

The maelstrom that swirled around her was like a tornado. Bodies circled her like dead fish with no choice but to go with the tide. Lillas stumbled backwards. She screamed in terror that she would fall in, but the water turned to ice, and she bounced off a wall instead.

Tears streamed down her face as she forced herself away from the ice. Everywhere she looked, there were faces. Mrs. Jenkins stared down at her, her face contorted, eyes frozen in place. But the face that would haunt her forever was Sally, who was frozen at eye level with Lillas.

Sally Sable. The only person who paid her any mind, even seemed to like her. And she was dead. Killed by the girl who does weird things.

Chapter 4

Lillas stood in a white gown. The floor felt cold against her bare feet and strange, a little squishy. The jail walls were weird. They looked like glass but moved when she touched them. She could push a wall as far as she could, but it always found its way back to shape. It was wrong. This whole place was just wrong. But so was she. Maybe that’s why they brought her here. Maybe this is where they put little girls who do really bad things. 

Inside the jail was a cot with a small blanket and the stuffed teddy bear she now clutched to her chest. No jail would be complete without a bucket for waste. Outside was another room with lemon walls, a bigger bed, and a bathroom. Brand new girl clothes hung in a closet. Most surprising to the young Mikkinnan was the computer. There was a desk and the only thing it had was a large monitor, keyboards, and a panel with lots of buttons. As far as jails, she was fortunate. The fact that she was in jail was even more fortunate. She’d read about people who were killed for less than what she’d done.

The door opened and in walked a gentleman in a black and grey striped suit. His skin was smooth like a brown Crayola. His white hair was peppered with black. He walked with a cane, something she knew all old people needed. A younger woman followed behind him, dressed like a doctor in a long white coat and green pants. As the old man limped towards her, Lillas swallowed and clutched the teddy tighter. 

He paused and frowned, looking around the jail. The walls were moving, rippling, and shifting like a bubble in the wind. Lillas dropped to the floor, clamped her knees to her chest, buried her face in the bear, and cried. “Please. Please, let me out. Please, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to.” The rippling and bouncing grew wilder. Lillas screamed, “Let me out!!! Please, let me out!!!”

Meanwhile, the old man pulled up a chair and sat in front of her. Why wouldn’t he help? Was he planning to watch as this monster ate her alive? 

“Lillas,” he said with the calm of an experienced teacher. “My name is Dr. Superville. This is Dr. Palafox. You’re at the Guild City Center for Genetic Research or what many call Gen Cen. You are in no danger.”

She cried into her teddy. Was he crazy? Did he not see the same thing she was seeing? 

“Lillas, this is a kinetic cell. It responds to you. If you stay calm, it will stay calm.”

Yeah, right. Who would be crazy enough to believe that? This “cell” was going to eat her. She was practically in its belly already.

“Lillas, can you be calm?”

She shook her head, keeping it buried in the bear.

“Okay. Then we’ll just wait until you can be calm. Take your time. We're in no rush."

She continued crying. 

“You’ve had a long day. Are you hungry?”

She shook her head.

“I’ll bring you cereal. Do you like Trix?”

She shook her head.

“I’ll bring you Cheerios and a banana. Do you like bananas?”

Rocking back and forth, she had to take a moment to think. Right now, in the midst of this monster of a box, she didn't like anything. 

The door opened then shut. Her head popped up. “Please, don’t leave me,” she begged. 

“I’m not going to leave you,” the old man said, still sitting.

She looked around. The doctor had gone. The walls still moved, but not as badly as before. She clutched the bear to her face, but didn’t cover her eyes. The more terrified she became, the wilder the walls became.

“You have to breathe, Lillas. It’s the only way to deal with fear.”

“It smells fear?” she asked under the faintest whisper, her little voice shrinking.

He laughed. “It’s not a dog, my dear. It is just a space. The walls respond to how you feel. And what you do. Don’t be afraid.”

She locked eyes with him for the first time. They were like ice. Could have been blue, grey, or green for all the colors in them. He watched her; the look he gave made her feel like there was something wrong with her. She went to bury her head again, but he smiled.

“It’s OK, my dear. Right now you are in the safest place in the world. As long as you’re in there, nothing can harm you, and you can’t harm anyone.”

She looked down at his shoes, then at her toes. 

“I know you don’t want to hurt anyone, do you?”

She shook her head.

“That’s why we put you in there. You are a very powerful, very strong little girl.”

“I don’t want to be.”

“But you are. And that's okay. We’re going to learn about you and teach you to control your abilities.”

The door opened. Dr. Palafox returned, carrying a tray. 

“Are you hungry?” the old man asked.

She nodded.

“Are you calm?”

She looked around at the walls and took deep breaths. Soon the walls stopped moving. He was right. As long as she was calm, the walls were calm. Wow! Where had this place come from? Probably aliens. That was where all weird technology came from. She'd read that in one of Elizar's books. 

“Are you calm, my dear?”

She nodded. “Yes.”

He nodded to Dr. Palafox. She pushed on the front section of the cell wall, and a door opened where there had been none. She entered, her shoes making virtually no noise on the weird floor. She kneeled and sat the tray on the floor in front of Lillas. A bowl of Cheerios with banana, a slice of buttered toast, slices of apple, and a glass of orange juice with a twisty straw.

“Thank you,” she said.

She gave Lillas a warm smile before standing, grabbing the bucket, and leaving the cell, then the room. Lillas picked up the spoon and began eating the cereal. The cereal had to be eaten first before it went soggy. Everything else would be good either way. Several times, she locked eyes with the old man then looked away.

“Do you know why you’re here, Lillas?” he asked.

She stopped eating then looked at him, sitting the spoon on the tray as a sick feeling twisted her stomach. “I'm bad. I killed people. Now, I’ll be here forever.”

“Well, forever is a very short time for humans. Let me ask you, do policemen kill people?”

She looked around the room, searching for the correct answer. “They kill bad people.”

“Do soldiers kill people?”

“Sometimes.”

“Are they bad?”

“I don't know.”

“Then how do you know you’re bad?”

She searched her mind, trying to glue the words to the truth she knew. “Mrs. Jenkins wasn’t bad. Sally wasn’t bad. They were nice to me and I killed them.”

“What you did was an accident. You’re not here because you’re bad, Lillas. You’re here because you’re special. The most special human in the world. You have talents, skills that have never been seen in anyone else. With the right training, with the right understanding, you can do incredible things. You can help people. Then you won’t have accidents like this ever again.”

She lifted the toast and took a small idle bite.

“What do you say, kiddo? Do you want to work with me?”

“You can fix me? You can make me normal?”

“Whatever normal is for you, that’s what you will be.”

She smiled. Her heart lifted. A weight fell off that had dragged her for years. She smiled and nodded. “OK.”

“OK?”

“OK.”

“Good.” He slapped his legs, grabbed his cane, and forced himself to stand. “Then rest up. Tomorrow, we get to work.” He walked towards the door and then turned to her. “I’ll see you in the morning.” He winked at her then left the room. 

She  gave a weak smile, but it was a smile. 

Dr. Palafox returned and replaced the bucket. 

“Thank you," Lillas said to her. She wanted to ask her name, but felt anxious to. 

Again she smiled and walked out. As Lillas ate, a sense of calm glided over her. It was a feeling she hadn’t felt since her family died, since Evera, Cross, and her mother left her. She’d get normal, then Marisai, Evera, and Cross would come back. Everything would be the way it should be.

Chapter 5

That night, Lillas sat on the cot with her arms around her knees, wrapped in a blanket that was not thick enough to make her warm or make her forget. She was alone in a gel cube locked in a dark room. The computer fan whirred, sometimes loudly, sometimes a little softer.  One light blinked green. In a corner of the ceiling, a little red light peeked out of a black globe. She held her teddy to her chest. She laid with her head on the opposite side of the cell from the bucket, but could still smell the contents, even through the lid. A clock with a lit face ticked on the wall. 10:15 p.m. At nine o'clock, Dr. Superville told her to go to bed. He tucked her in, left a clean bucket, turned out the lights, and walked out. No light shone from under the door. There were no sounds of anyone sneaking off to the bathroom like she was used to hearing from her siblings. No crickets or birds chirping. No cars driving by, or car doors opening then closing. There was nothing that seemed like life. 

About this time, she'd be having hushed arguments with her little brother Elijah about the monsters he befriended. Moonlight would be dancing in the room she shared with her baby sister, Lilleena. Her big sister, Lillianne, would be sneaking out of her window to see the boy down the street. Her big brother, Elizar, would be trying to convince Marisai that he'd washed his hands after using the bathroom. Later there would be strange noises coming from her parents’ room. When asked, Marisai would tell her to mind her business. Isaiah would tell her he and mommy were making babies. It took a lot of work to make babies. She was hearing mommy and daddy's work noises. She would answer with silence. They didn't need more babies. They'd just had one. If they made a new baby, what would they do with the old baby? She'd have to protect Lilleena.

Those thoughts passed and she was back in her cell. Alone. No monsters. No one to protect. Sally Sable's frozen face the only echo. 10:18 p.m.

Chapter 6

6:00 am. The door opened. The light from the hall covered two figures in a silhouette. One of them switched the light on to reveal Dr. Palafox with a new person. “Good morning, LM5055,” she said. “I’m Dr. Aire. I’ll be working with Superville and Palafox as part of your care team.”  

"OK,” Dr. Aire said. "You have to come with us. We need to give you a physical." She opened the cell door to let the girl out. Dr. Aire, Lillas would later say, was like a pudding pop, brown, cold, with a stick firmly lodged up the middle. She had almost no hair on her head because science doesn’t have time for hair, wore the same outfit everyday because science doesn’t have time for fashion, and only believed in Carmex and lotion because science doesn’t have time for makeup. She had the tone of someone who was always looking for something else somewhere else. Something must be more interesting than a child with elemental abilities in a world with vampires. If she poked, prodded, and dissected enough children and used their hearts in enough brews in enough cauldrons with just the right magic words, she just might find it. Her one redeeming quality was having the courtesy to say, “Good morning,” unlike that other one. Dr. Palafox went straight to the console, pushing buttons, flipping switches, saying nothing to Lillas. 

Lillas sat on the edge of the bed, crossed her ankles, and clutched her bear.

"LM 5055, we're not going to hurt you, but we need to get you checked to make sure you're healthy." Dr. Palafox was like an ice cream covered Brillo pad. Being the one who always cleaned and fed Lillas, she came off as caring and kind. But she rarely spoke to the girl directly, and only spoke of her in terms of statistics and analysis, not her well-being. Dr. Palafox’s tendency to wear bright colors. and keep her dyed hair in curly afro puffs only added to the facade. 

Still no other response from Lillas.

"We'll give you breakfast after. Whatever you want to eat."

Nothing.

"LM…"

"Did you sleep last night?" Dr. Palafox asked. "She didn't sleep last night." After answering her own question, she played a video. A dark green screen showed Lillas sitting up in her bed, the blanket over her, huddled with her bear, rocking back and forth. "All. Night. Long. Look at this." What Dr. Palafox lacked in manners, she made up for with a sheer joy of discovery. 

Dr. Aire hmm'd and sucked her teeth. "We'll have to monitor her. See how she does throughout the day. See if she shows signs of fatigue."

The door behind them opened. Dr. Superville walked in. "Doctors. Good morning, Lillas. Had trouble sleeping last night? Well, I can understand. This new environment is probably scary for you. I tell you what, come with me, we'll get you checked out. I'll get you breakfast, then we'll take a nap later. You must be tired."  

"I don't want to touch the floor. I don't want to go out there."

"You're afraid because this is new, and you don't know what's out there. Let me tell you a little rhyme that my father taught me. 'I'm not afraid to fail. I'm not afraid to fall. But I will always fear the shame of having never tried at all.' You have great power, Lillas. You have to try everything. A person with your kind of influence can't afford fear. Take my hand and we're going to walk outside this cell, outside this room, and down the hall. No more fear." He held his hand out to her. She reached up and wrapped her fingers around the tips of his, then let him ease her off the cot and onto the cold cell floor. The gel squished between her toes. She hurried out, almost dragging the doctor with her. Once out of the cell, she was able to walk at a steady pace out of the room.

The first stop was getting blood drawn. She sat quietly as Dr. Aire wrapped a tourniquet around her arm and checked for a vein. She found one and punctured the child as she watched on. She filled a few vials, then left the room, taking the vials, leaving Lillas with a tube in her arm.

Dr. Palafox entered. She had Lillas stand on the scale then noted her height and weight. She tapped her clipboard with her pen. “She’s underweight by about ten pounds.”

Dr. Aire went to Dr. Palafox and looked over her notes. “Well, she’s eaten nothing but cereal the last few hours and there’s no telling what she was eating while county had her.” She addressed Lillas. "Hmm. What does your diet normally consist of?"

Lillas swallowed, feeling timid next to the taller doctors. "I want to go home."

"Please, answer the question."

"Chicken. Fish. My father's spicy rice. But I won't have it anymore."

"When's the last time you had a meal?"

"I had cereal last night."

"That's not a meal. Both of your parents are chefs who own several successful restaurants. You know what a meal is. When was the last time you had one?"

"The night before I hurt the Jenkins."

"So, two weeks ago. And since then, what have you eaten?"

"Cereal and fruit."

"I'm going to order an increase in her food and water intake. She can have a seat." Dr. Palafox walked out the door. 

Lillas sat down. She hung her head. She played with her fingernails and fingertips. She looked around. There was nothing anywhere. This was the quietest, brightest, whitest room she'd ever been in.

And cold. It was like the inside of a fridge. They made her leave her bear outside the room. She sat alone in a flimsy gown, no drawers, jeans, leggings, not even slippers. All of those clothes were hanging in the closet, and she wasn't allowed to touch them. She wanted to be warm. She wanted her bear. She wanted someone to help her. Everyone had left her. Would Cross still come? Could he even find her?

All the lights in the room turned red. An alarm blared. The door opened. Lillas ran to a corner and shriveled to the floor, trying to be as small as possible.

"Oh, God!" Dr. Palafox yelled. "It's hot as hell in here. What happened to the temperature? Aire!"

"I didn't touch it. Security! We need a temp check in Room 8." She found Lillas and snatched her up by her wrist when she wouldn't take her hand. "Come on!" She marched her out of the room with her in her arms. She sat her down. Dr. Palafox shut the door.

"Cool it off," she said, to whom, Lillas couldn't tell. She just said it into the air.

The doctors’ faces and clothes were covered in sweat. In the room, there was a noise like something being sprayed. The alarm stopped. Men in helmets and carrying big guns marched towards them. Lillas hid against a wall behind Dr. Palafox. 

"What happened?" One of them asked.

"We don't know," Dr. Palafox said.

"I haven't felt that kind of heat since last summer," Dr. Aire said.

"Where's the child?" a security guard asked.

They found her. Dr. Aire kneeled to meet her eyes. "Did you do that?"

Lillas stared up at her, her hazel eyes wide, clenching that bear again. 

"LM 5055, answer the question! Did you do that?"

She answered in just three timid words. "I was cold."

Chapter 7

Lillas sat on the cot in her cell. Dr. Superville sat on a seat in front of her, outside the cell, but the cell door was open. After the episode in Room 8, he decided she should remain in her cell as much as possible. If that was where she was comfortable, that was where she should stay. 

"How did you do that?"

Silence.

"Do you know how you did it?"

She shrank, wrapping her little arms tighter around her teddy. "I was cold."

"And you needed heat, so you made the room hot." He spoke as if logic dictated her movements. "If you're hot, do you make the room cold?"

Silence.

"You're not in trouble, Lillas. We're just trying to understand you. We need you to help us with that. Can you help us?"

She swallowed then nodded.

"Can you make it cold in here?"

Her eyes turned blue. Suddenly, the temperature crashed. Once again, the lights turned red, and the alarms went off. Dr. Aire rushed in and coughed as the cold air hit her lungs. "What the hell is going on? What is she doing?"

Dr. Superville yelled over the alarm. "OK! OK! That's enough. Maybe warm it up a bit. But not too much."  Once it was to a decent temperature, determined by her, he chuckled. "Apologies, Dr. Aire. I was just testing a theory." He wrote in his pad. He looked up and saw Lillas staring at the pad with intensity as if trying to will the paper to tell her what he wrote. "Oh! It's just an inventory, a list of your abilities. What we know so far. We know you can influence water, and heat, and now cold. What else can you do?" He gave her a moment. No answer. "When can you do things?"

"If I need to."

"Only if you need to?"

"If I want to."

"OK. We'll have to figure out what makes you use your influences and what all you have. What happened in the pool? Did you want to do that? I don't think you wanted to kill your friends and new family."

She cast her eyes down as they darkened and her mood changed. The building shook as if a train were driving by. Dr. Aire shut the door. "They threw me in the pool." The cell reacted violently to whatever Lillas was doing and feeling. "I can't swim. I didn't want to hurt anyone. I just wanted to get out."

"Who threw you in the pool?"

"Peter!” She spat his name as if it were a curse. “He hated me. He would always make monsters. I got rid of them. He would get mad and hit me. Mrs. Jenkins would punish him, but he still did it." She fell into the silence that comforted her. 

"No. Come back, Lillas. Tell me what else you're thinking."

"I didn't mean to do it. I don't know how I did it. I just wanted to get out."

"Greatness is often accidental. Don't worry. We'll find all the magic in you."

"I don't want to."

"But you need to. Are you afraid you'll hurt someone?" She gripped her bear tighter and brought her knees up to her chest. "Success is uphill, my dear. Not everyone can make the climb. Your first instinct is to help and protect people. You can't protect everyone. But I can help you learn to manage and contain your influences until you need them. We're going to be a team, you, Dr. Palafox, Dr. Aire, and myself. All working together to make you a better and stronger demon cleaner."

She perked up and squinted with confusion.

"Those ‘monsters’ that you see? They're demons. They're evil and hurt people. You stopped them. You're going to cross a lot of people who can do what Peter Wilmore did. It's your job to stop them, to destroy them. Sounds like you're off to a great start. That's what a demon cleaner does. Good job. Now, let's get you ready to stop a lot more."

*****

Lillas sat on her cot, ankles crossed, watching Dr. Aire place items on a table: a quarter, a plate, a glass of water, an orange, and a feather. She left the cell and closed it. She stood with a clipboard and ordered, "Move the quarter without touching it." Dr. Palafox sat at the console, tapping buttons and keys. Her hair today was braided in black and red. It was reminiscent of a checkerboard.

The cell walls expanded like a balloon, then contracted. Lillas knocked the quarter, along with everything else, onto the floor. Even the table wasn't safe and was now laying on its side. The feather landed softly on top of the mess. 

Dr. Aire gasped and flinched, almost dropping her pen and notepad. "Holy shit! What did you do? What did she do?"

"Without the brain monitor on her, I can't tell which parts of her brain she just activated, but the cell is showing all kinds of activity. She used a lot of energy to do what she just did." 

"How much?"

"More than I've seen in a while."

Dr. Aire grabbed the brain monitors and entered Lillas's cell. "What did you do?" She stuck the wireless monitors on her forehead, her temples, and at the base of her skull. 

"You told me to move it."

"I know, but just the quarter. You moved everything. How?"

"I don't know. It was an accident. I don't know." She broke down into sobs. "I want to go home."

"You are home."

"No. Cross said…"

"Cross is not coming. Whoever he is, he is never coming for you! You killed people! You are never getting out of here!"

"No. He promised…"

"He broke his promise."

"Uh, Dr. Aire, you need to get out of there now," Dr. Palafox cut in.

The cell shifted and twisted like it was a bowl of jello being shaken. Dr. Aire ran out of the cell and shut the door. The inside of the cell was engulfed in flames, an opaque orange backdrop to the angry cries of a child. 

Chapter 8

Lillas coughed. She started recovering from smoke inhalation in only a few days. She sat on a hospital-style bed, with a new gown, hairstyle, and wires attached all over the place. She'd singed parts of her hair and had to be given a new cut. It was pretty much the same as before, just a shorter fro. Dr. Superville sat in front of her while the nurses and techs took her vitals.

"What happened, Lillas?"

After a long silence that made him think she wasn't going to answer, she said, "I don't know. It was an accident."

“What were you feeling?”

“I was angry.”

“Because of what Dr. Aire said to you?”

Lillas’s features darkened. “She’s mean.”

“Is she?”

“She said Cross isn’t coming. But he is. He promised.”

“He might. We don’t know. All we know for certain is that he isn’t here now. If he comes, then, of course, you’ll be remanded to his care. In the meantime, this is your home. We’re going to take care of you until your mother is able.”

She put her head down.

“Dr. Aire was able to get us a lot of information that we wouldn’t have had otherwise. She can be abrasive, but she’s effective. You’ll be working with her a lot. You’ll come to understand her better. But if you only think of her as mean, it won’t help your relationship with her.”

Lillas didn’t want a relationship with her. She was mean.
 
"Let's go over what we’ve learned. You have influence over water and cold, and at least some influence over fire and heat. We still don't know how you moved the table, but our guess is wind. Is that correct?" The console responded with a series of clicks and noises as it recorded her brain activity.

"Yes." 

"Can you do it again?"

A blast of wind rushed around and anything that wasn't nailed down in the room, including Dr. Superville, moved. "OK! OK! Settle it down. Ease it down." He squinted against the air whipping around him. 

The wind and rattling stopped. "Can you move just one thing at a time?"

"Sometimes."

"When?"

"I don't know. Just sometimes."

"OK, well, then we need to learn what triggers your 'sometimes.'"

They then put the young Mikkinnan through a series of tests, physicals, everything they had at their disposal to find out the extent of her abilities. On a hunch, Dr. Superville took her outside and asked her to move the ground. She did with ease. As he suspected. "You're an elemental human. Rare. I've only seen two or three in my day. But I can help you control your influences. It's a lot of hard work, but it can be done. First, we have to inventory what all you can do. We don't want any surprises. Then we'll work better."

Turned out that she could move singular items, but only if they contained enough of an element she controlled. They discovered she cannot fly. They also discovered she recovers four times faster from broken bones than a mono human. She showed the same rate of recovery for cuts, bruises, lacerations, and burns. She also recovered twice as fast as any other cleaner they'd worked with. They learned she can control the heat and intensity of fire. They also learned fire is tied to her anger. When she thought about her family, the ground shook. When she was afraid, the place would flood. She showed either an immunity to or quick recovery from most illnesses, medications, and poisons. They hoped she could regrow appendages. She can’t. And she heals too quickly for a severed appendage to be reattached.

Overall, as far as humans go, she was spectacular. As far as demon cleaners go, she was impressive. As far as subjects go, Dr. Superville had some concerns. Tranquilizers did nothing but make her mad. The exact amount she'd respond to was unknown. It used to be twice the amount they'd give other cleaners, but over the last two years, she'd grown bigger and stronger. Too much and they'd kill her. Not enough, and she'd kill them. All of this meant that, when she started to lose it, they had no way to control her.

This disadvantage was presented in sharp relief the first time she escaped.

Chapter 9

Lillas had a real bed now—a full—not a cot. She wore a large gown. Still not allowed to wear the clothes in the closet, which were all new. Never know when they would need blood, vitals, CATs. A small bookshelf in the corner overflowed with books, magazines, and newspapers. A vampira named Ravenna Merkanish had been in the news a lot lately after exposing the existence of vampires to the world. She caused quite a stir by referring to vampires as the "scions" of humanity, leaving many to wonder what she thinks will happen to the predecessors. Lillas didn't realize people didn't know vampires existed. Of course, she'd only ever known one. And he'd abandoned her. Comics and graphic novels also had a home on her shelf. Doctors Superville, Palafox, and Aire discovered that she has perfect memory, able to recall everything she hears or sees. Since then, Dr. Superville has been a source of academics and entertainment. They switched out completed reading materials in batches. If she liked a book, she could read it more than once, but couldn't keep it for too long. There was too much to read in the world; too much to consume for someone with perfect memory to settle with only a few.

Dr. Superville sat in front of her now as he had for the last two years. In his hand was a set of graphic novels. The Onslaught series from Marvel. "Happy birthday."

"Today's my birthday?"

"Of course. Obviously."

She looked past Dr. Palafox, who sat at the console as usual. "You're lying."

"What? Why would you…"

"You three always lie to me about the days and dates. Why?"

"What makes you think we're lying?"

"I just know. I can feel it."

"You're right. It's not your birthday. It's August 25th."

"You lied because you missed my birthday and you didn't want me to know."

"Yes. I'm sorry."

"How old am I?"

"You're ten years old."

She reached for the books. "Thank you."

"You're welcome. We'll be back to clean your bookcase. It's that time."

Before he left, she had one more question. "Who are the others?"

"Well, you know the team that will…"

"No. The other people here. The other ones like me."

"There is no one else in the world like you."

"How do you know?"

"Well…"

"Because you've been studying others. Who are they? Why haven't I seen them?"

"They're in another facility. Would you like to meet a couple?"

*****

It was a dark cloudy night. They drove in a caravan of five vehicles. Two in front, two in back, Lillas and the care team in the middle. The Hummer protected them from heat, humidity,...insurgents??? It was a lot for a simple road trip in the rural outskirts of Guild City. Who were they expecting an attack from? Everyone was heavily armed. They were always armed. It was as if they expected a group of raiders to try to take the place over. The more she thought about it, the more she realized there was a lot of security for a facility where she was the only resident. She tried to roll the window down to feel the passing air, but was yelled at with a, "Roll the window up. The A/C is on!"

The headlights were bright like spotlights. Everything about this trip was loud. For people obsessed with security, subtlety was not their skill. There were a lot of zigs and zags through gravel and dirt roads, through trees. Finally, after an unknown amount of time, because they wouldn’t give her a watch, they approached a massive square of a building. It was a shiny black metal cube. No windows. The only light was from the lamps that topped the gate that surrounded the building. They drove past a sign that read, "Guild City Center for Genetic Research." 

"Genetic research. That’s what Mr. Sinister does."

"Well, research is research. Sinister uses it for bad. We use it for good, to advance mankind. The more we understand about spectrals, especially scions, the better we can protect both mono humans and their spectral cousins."

Lillas was surprised to hear Dr. Superville respond. She thought she’d whispered low enough for just herself. "Protect them from who?"

"From ‘whom,’” he corrected. “And from each other. People fear what they don't understand. If we can help bring understanding, we can alleviate fear. Sounds great, doesn't it?"

Of course, it sounded great. Dr. Superville could make anything sound great. So could Mr. Sinister, so could Luthor, so could Joker. Actually, no. Not Joker. Still, as she grew older, she saw more and more reasons to feel uneasy around him and the rest of her "care team." Her memory made keeping up on academics easy. As she read about children around the world, and the atrocities they suffered, she would often look at her partial pinky finger and wonder, "Am I being abused?" Only Dr. Superville called her by name. Everyone else called her "LM5055." Why? Were they dehumanizing her "for science?" What would she find in the other facility? Facility. Not home. 

Chapter 10

They entered the building. Lillas felt weird. She couldn't explain it. It just...something was off. It was like she was, not disoriented, but not right. 

Inside, the foyer was small and bright. Everything was white. There were four sets of elevator doors, two on each side, all white. A white-clad receptionist sat at the desk, his black hair standing out in such a sterile environment.

He stood. "Dr. Superville…" He looked down at Lillas. A frown grazed his face, then he caught himself and forced a smile.

"We're heading to the second floor," Dr. Superville said.

The receptionist nodded, then pushed a button on his console. An elevator door opened. Inside was white. All four got on. Lillas went to push the number “2.” Dr. Palafox stopped her and tugged her away from the buttons. The elevator door closed. The “2” illuminated all on its own. OK. Must have been because of whatever the receptionist did.

The trip to the second floor was short. When they arrived, they were greeted by three guards. As usual, all three were wearing the standard helmets, completely covering their faces, large weapons, padded everywhere. The three regarded the doctors then looked down at Lillas. The leader addressed Dr. Superville. “Doctor?”

“It’s OK,” Dr. Superville said. Saying nothing more, the three guards turned and led Dr. Palafox, Dr. Superville, Dr. Aire, and Lillas down a hall. The hall was brightly lit. Nothing particularly special about it other than it was cold, colder than the other facility where they kept her. The noise of footsteps and shifting weapons occasionally pulled Lillas’s attention away from how plain everything was. At the end of the hall, there was a left turn and right turn. Dr. Superville told them to turn right. 

Up ahead, it was darker. They entered a warehouse, with gray floors and high ceilings. Lillas could see rows and rows of kinetic cells. Each cell held a person. “These are our vampire subjects,” Dr. Superville said. “Vampires are the original, what Ravenna calls, ‘scions.’ From them we’ve learned about empowered humans. We’ve learned about spectral humans such as yourself. We’ve also learned about the offspring of vampires called ‘Ankhil,’ a very interesting group of individuals. Maybe you’ll get to meet one.” Dr. Superville continued talking, explaining why he was keeping these people locked away. “This is where we keep them so we can learn more about them. It’s how we understand what they can do, what they can’t do, what they’re limitations are. And, most importantly, if a vampire attacks a human, how we protect the human.” There was that word again. Subject. Subject. Do all scientists call their experiments “subjects?” That’s what Mr. Sinister called his experiments. That’s what they call rats. The Subjects. 

As they walked down the rows, some of the vampires stood to attention when they saw Lillas. Some of the vampires had tubes coming out of them. Some had scars. At least one of the vampires ran to the front of the cell, begging Lillas to free her. Lillas noticed a name on a standing placard next to the cell. “CO 1412.” 

“Lady Lillas,” the subject called. “Help us! Help us! Please, help us!” Lillas stared at her. She wore a gown like the one Lillas wore when she first arrived at the center, like the one they kept her in during experiments. Her hair was red, cut unevenly. 

They kept walking. 

“Don’t mind her,” Superville said. “She’s new here. She’ll get used to things. Remember how scared you were when you arrived. Now look at you, all grown up and thriving with our guidance.”

“What does CO mean?”

“It’s just a designation we give some of the subjects,” Dr. Aire said. Dr. Aire was lying. Another lie. Lillas thought about her own designation. LM 5055. L. M. Lillas Mikkannan. C. O. Caroline Oliver? Catherine O’Neil? Could’ve been anything. Lillas should’ve asked the girl’s name. There’s no telling how long it had been since someone called her by her name. Dr. Superville and the care team continued on. 

“This is what I wanted you to see,” Dr. Superville said. They stopped at one cell in particular. Cradling his stomach, the vampire forced himself to sit up on his cot. “This is our oldest vampire, DM 5928. We’ve had him for a few years. We’ve learned a lot from him. We learned that some vampires can regrow limbs, which is a trait we hoped you shared. Unfortunately, that turned out to not be the case. We found out that vampires have an allergy to gold. A rather severe allergy. That’s what caused the scars on his arms and legs.” 

That’s not what caused the scars. Dr. Superville was the cause.  

Could she continue living this way? A subject? She rubbed the stub of her pinky and thought things had to change. 

Chapter 11

Hopping into the back of the Hummer, Lillas was filled with dread. The thought of going back to the facility made her nauseous. Her fingers shook. All she could see were the subject designations: CO 1412. DM 5928. LM 5055. She had a name. They all had names. And they all looked at her like she could save them. How long had they been there? How long would they be there? Gen Cen had her for almost three years. What would happen if she left? What would happen if she didn’t? Would she grow up there? Would they keep her forever? What about the others? 

She tapped the window with her small palms, thinking: I can’t go back there. I can never go back there. 

Suddenly, the cars stopped. The lights went out. All of the power went out. 

“What’s happening?” Dr. Superville asked.

“The power’s gone out,” the driver said. “I don’t know what’s going on. Hold on.” He tried to open the door. The power locks didn’t work. Then they did. Lillas opened the door, hopped out, and ran. In nothing but her sneakers and hospital gown, she ran into the darkness. The men drew their guns and flashlights. The flashlights died too. Then they were all in the dark. Lillas didn’t know where she was going, but she was not going back with them. The men complained that all of their electronics had died. They had no way to follow her. They were confused, but Dr. Superville figured it out. 

“Don’t worry about it,” she heard him say as his voice faded into the background. “She’ll be back.”

No, she wouldn’t. 

She hadn’t run long before fatigue struck her. Hard. Her arms and legs grew tired and weak. All of her senses were weakened. Her vision was blurry, even in the moonlight. It was like she’d run into a vat of jello. She had to slow down. She hadn’t run far. She could run at least a good mile before getting tired, but maybe that was just on a treadmill. This was outdoors, up an incline through trees and sticks, and soft ground. Maybe it wasn't the same. Maybe she couldn’t do out here what she could do in the lab. She slowed and slowed until she had no choice but to hold onto the trunk of a tree to keep her steady. She sat down, her legs giving very little choice. 

Someone said her name. It must’ve been Dr. Superville’s people coming for her. Could they find her here? In this moonlight, possibly. She could control their flashlights, but the moon...she was no match for the moon. She needed to hide under something. The ground. She could bury herself until morning. They’d think she’d gone somewhere else and leave. Then she could go to the nearest city. 

Her eyes turned brown. She connected with the ground. The connection waned then vanished. Her eyes were back to their relaxed hazel. Oh no! she thought, but didn’t feel it. She should’ve panicked, but couldn’t. She couldn’t feel water, couldn’t feel electricity. Her connection to the elements was gone. Something was wrong. Was she surrounded by cells again? Was she in a cell? Everything looked hazy. Felt hazy. Sounded hazy. It was humid. She couldn’t breathe. The longer she stayed in here, the longer she felt like the air around her closed in. 

“Venultham!!!” Someone called again. Another voice repeated, but with a deeper growl. More voices chimed in, men, women, whispers, begs, demands.Those were not Dr. Superville’s people. She had no idea when they were saying. Where was she? Something touched her shoulder. She jolted. It felt like a hand pushing on her chest, on her stomach, on the back, crushing her head, but there was no one around her. There was nothing around her. Yet, something, many somethings, were pulling and trying to split her apart. She let out a scream. A blast shot out of her body. It was a circle of green electricity with flecks of gold and silver. It spread, illuminating humanoid figures. The green lightning hit an invisible wall, then bounced right back, hitting her from all sides and absorbing back into her. The force was overwhelming. She passed out. 

******

Lillas woke in her cell. Outside, Dr. Superville stood on his cane with Dr. Aire next to him and Dr. Palafox at the console, noting changes in this cell's "mood." Lillas didn’t need the console to note the changes in Dr. Superville’s mood. 

“So, young Ms. Mikkinnan,” he said. “Seems you’ve been keeping things from us. That’s unfortunate. Looks like our education of you is only just beginning.”

Lillas knew what that meant: more tests, more examinations, and maybe more amputations while they “learned” about her.

Chapter 12

Lillas sat in Room 8, which she began to call “The Interrogation Room.” Same exact room she always sat, where they checked her vitals. Dr. Aire sat opposite Lillas, marking things off like Lillas was a to-do list. Lillas was a little taller now. At 12 years old, she could now reach the floor. Still had no shoes, though. She was no longer confined to a cell after demanding a room with an actual bed and an actual space for her books and her music. She also demanded a radio and was obliged. She demanded a TV and was obliged. She demanded the care team refer to her by name and was obliged. These things Dr. Aire noted as “Subject is now identity aware” or “Subject shows awareness of space” or “Subject shows awareness of culture.” Dr. Aire wouldn’t stop calling her “Subject” in her notes.

Staring at the double mirror that Dr. Aire sat in front of, she could see a woman standing with Dr. Superville, watching her. This woman had been coming around for years now. Lillas didn’t always see her, but she felt her. Someone that strong couldn’t be missed, even in the dark. This woman was slightly shorter than Dr. Palafox, who was shorter than just about everyone, including Lillas who now stood 5’6”. Sometimes this stranger stood with the care team and evaluated Lillas’s tests and trainings. But no one ever introduced her. The stranger’s hair flowed from her head like cream. She wore a green bejeweled gown the color of her eyes. She had red fingernails at the tips of her thin paper-white hands. She never smiled, never introduced herself, barely said a word to the care team as she watched the tests. She probably talked to them in private. Maybe she knew Lillas had learned to read lips. Lillas had to stop staring in their direction so much, giving the secret away.

“Who is that?”

“Who is who?” Dr. Aire asked. Not looking up from her papers.

“That woman. That woman, she’s always here. She’s been here for as long as I’ve been here. Always standing with Superville. Always around. Who is she?”

Now, she had Dr. Aire’s attention. “Who is...” Dr. Aire looked behind her at the mirror then back to Lillas. “You can see through the mirror?”

“I know she’s not human, at least I know she’s not a mono, maybe a spectral. But I don’t know because I don’t know who she is. And no one will tell me anything about her except that they’re friends. I know they’re not friends. She walks in like she owns the place. Does she own the place? Why is she always here? Why does she know who I am, but I’m not allowed to know who she is? She’s obviously important. I’m obviously important. Why won’t she meet me? Why won’t she talk to me?”

“Lillas?”

“She never says anything. Is she a telepath? Is that why I’ve never seen her mouth move? Superville doesn’t speak when she’s around, but his face moves. They’re talking. I know they are.”

Dr. Palafox clicked her pen and began taking notes. “Subject…”

“Lillas!!! Goddamn!!! My name is Lillas!!! I am not ‘Subject.’ Not LM 5055! I am Lillas Mikkinnan!! It is an easy name to say! Lillas. Dr. Aire. Superville. We have names!! I am Lillas.”

Dr. Palafox swallowed, clicked her pen a few times, and continued, “Noted: Lillas shows hearing beyond what we originally thought and vision stronger than most spectrals we’ve studied.” She clicked her pen again. 

"Who are you?" Lillas asked, staring over Dr. Aire’s shoulder, through the mirror, and at the white-haired woman. "Why are you here? I know you're not supposed to be here."

The woman looked her dead in the eyes, then disappeared.

"No! No, where did she go? Superville, where did she go? Bring her back! Call her back!"

But he just stared at her, confused. Lillas jumped from her seat and rushed to the mirror. There was no trace of the woman. 

"Lillas, sit down!" Dr. Aire demanded. 

Lillas said nothing, just stared at Dr. Superille, wondering why he had nothing to say.

"I need security!" Dr. Aire said. That succeeded in getting the girl's attention. Two guards rushed in and pointed tranq rifles at her.

Lillas's thoughts raced, but to where, she didn't know. What she was feeling was also a mystery. It wasn't her first time at the wrong end of big men with big guns, but this time was different.

"Are you okay, Doctor?" one of them asked.

She stood between them. “She's showing non-compliant behavior that often leads to a power burst."

"What were your instructions to Lillas?"

"To sit down."

"Lillas Mikkinnan, return to your seat. This is your only…"

She hit them with a jolt of electricity. They were knocked out before they hit the floor. She cut power to the room, allowing the door to open. She didn't know where she was going or why she was leaving, but she had to get out of here.

One by one, floor by floor, she shut the place down. Knowing she had the best dark vision and a solid memory, she used flashes of electricity to see the area and keep moving in the dark. She'd been outside of the facility on many occasions and knew the way out. But she was on the third floor. The exit was on the first floor. She'd have to use the stairs because she'd shut down the elevator. They would be all over the stairs though. What other options did she have?

She hid in a lab, locked the door, and sat on the floor, hiding behind an island counter. What was she thinking? She wasn't. She was feeling. She was doing. She was winging this whole plotline. If they caught her, there was no telling what Dr. Superville would do. There was no way she was going back now. In only a few minutes, she'd gone too far.

The lab had no windows and only one door. Dr. Superville had an army. It wouldn’t take them long to find her. The building had gone into lockdown. No one in or out unless they had a master key. Only one person had that. 

However, that only applied to the entrances and exits, not to the labs and rooms. Keys jangled. They had to canvas each room. With the power off, they had to use old fashioned keys. Her options had just been depleted. One of the guards pushed on the door. Her eyes turned white. She blasted the door with air to slam it shut and keep it shut. Holding the door with one hand, she blasted the wall with the other hand, hoping it was an outside wall, but wasn’t sure and had no time to do the math on that.

It took some work and some yelling, but she blew a hole in the wall using air as a wrecking ball. Always one to leap before looking, she ran for the hole and dove, hoping to use air as a parachute. In this endeavor, she succeeded, in that she survived, which, in the seconds between the jump and the landing, was all she’d hoped for. Her hopes changed after the landing . She’d landed in the grass. A plus. But she had the wind knocked out of her, twisted her ankle, banged her head, and broke her wrist. She should’ve hoped to land with grace. 

They shot at her. One of them got her in the leg.But it had been over a year since the care team last did a tranq test. Lillas had grown much bigger and stronger in that time. The tranqs didn’t work like they used to. She felt it, but not strong enough. The tranq would help with the pain. She had to get out of here. She struggled to push herself out of the dirt. The sounds of engines revving proved to be a great motivator. Adrenaline on full-blast, she popped up and took off down the road, barefoot, wearing nothing but a medical gown.

She ran across gravel and cold tar with the guards chasing her in their Hummers. She hit a snag, a section of the highway that always made her feel weird. The Haunted Jello, she called it. Normally, she’d be in the Hummer, moving too fast for them to catch her. The one time they caught her, she didn’t know what they did, but she couldn’t let them do it again. If she stopped, Dr. Superville would catch her. Or the things would catch her. 

The Hummers' bright lights lit her way down the road, but the brighter they got, the closer she was to being executed? Probably. That was definitely her most prevalent fear. She ran faster, harder. The lights started to fade. She was getting farther away from them. 

Then she heard Dr. Superville, not in her head, but as if he were with her speaking through earphones. "Lillas, where are you going? You need to stop. I've ordered the men the stop chasing you so you can slow down safely. You're injured. Stop and let us help you. No more harm will come to you other than what you've already done to yourself."

She didn't know where he was or how he was able to speak to her like this, but she wasn't trying to find out. She wasn't going to listen to or believe anything he had to say. All she knew was she had to get away from him. Far away and do whatever it took to never return. 

Chapter 13

Lillas had no idea where she was going. Wind and trees flew by. Sparkles of light appeared in the distance. Was it the city? Was it a car? A train? Who the hell knew? Only thing that was certain was that if she didn't slow down, she would die out here of exhaustion. 

At the speed she was going...barefoot...there was no way she'd be able to stop promptly without destroying her feet...and legs...maybe a few organs. Who knew?

Coming down from that high was hard. She had to really feel the speed she was at, then ever so slowly decrease the rate that her muscles moved. Her arms pumped less. Her legs moved a little slower. Suddenly, she was sprinting through the city. It must have been late, but there were still quite a few people out. They honked horns as she blazed through red lights, nearly ruining people's night with an accident. 

She slowed to a jog and turned from the busier main street to a neighborhood. As she continued jogging, she came to a fast walk, then a normal walk, but then a slower walk. Exhaustion was kicking in. Her heart felt like it would pump from her chest. 

Where could she go? She didn't know this city. She'd never been anywhere alone. One place she knew she couldn't go was the cops. If they caught her, they'd send her back to that place.

Now that her heart rate was slowing, the cold was setting in. Spring's breeze stuck to her like an icicle from a roof. There were no people anywhere. Most of the houses didn't have a single light on. There were a few porch lights. A scattering of street lights lit the way. The crash was coming. She had to get off the street, at least until morning. Would anything be different then? Probably not. Same problem, but with better light.

Cars lined the road on either side. It seemed like a lot of people lived here, but the street was narrow. She almost fell to the ground, but held her arm out and caught herself on one of the cars. The door shut. Huh. It must've been left open a bit. What if it was unlocked? She checked. Nope. But it gave her an idea. If she could sneak into a car, she could warm it, sleep for a few hours, and be up and out before anyone knew she was there. 

After about an hour, and checking an inordinate amount of cars, she finally found one that was unlocked. It was just the front driver. She unlocked the back door, and climbed in. Using her influence over heat, she made the inside so warm that she didn't miss having a comforter. 

Chapter 14

Lillas woke to the sound of keys rattling. They were close. Her eyes were non-cooperative, but it looked like the windows were all foggy. It was warm as hell. And someone was trying to get into the car. Shit!!! It was daylight. She'd overslept. Now this person was going to find her in their car and there was no telling what they would do. She had to get out! Now!!!

She tried to move, but couldn't. Her arms, back, and torso hurt so badly. Her legs hurt. Pretty much everything hurt. Still, there was no way she could stay in here. 

Time to push through this. 

She lifted her arms as much as she could. When she couldn't go any further, she willed herself to go just a little further. It didn't work. Her fingers and muscles were too stiff. Everything hurt too badly. That run may have gained her freedom, but it was also going to cost her her freedom. 

Outside, a gentleman argued with his young daughter in Spanish. She didn't want to go to school. Was she crazy? Lillas would kill for a chance to go to a real school and have real friends and real teachers. He was getting angry because he had to go to work and she was wasting time. He opened the back door. They both gasped as if Lillas jumped at them from the shadows.

"Oh my God!!" the girl yelled. "Dad!! Who is that?!"

"I don't know!" He stammered.

"Why is there a girl in your car?"

"I don't know." He reached into his pocket. "I'm calling the police!"

Lillas's eyes widened.

"Dad, look at her feet!"

Lillas looked at her own feet for the first time in hours and only then realized they were a bloody mess. There was no skin on them. Parts of the bones on some of the toes were exposed. They weren't broken. They just had no meat. 

"I'm calling an ambulance," the man said.

"No, please don't call them," Lillas begged in perfect Spanish, her voice rocky.

He paused, surprised at the fluency. He turned away and continued speaking with the 911 dispatcher.

"What's your name?" the girl asked.

Lillas said nothing. She couldn't. If they knew her name, they'd send her back. 

"I'm Nema. That's my father, Sifuen. But you have to call him Mr. Habana."

Lillas stared at her, heart racing, not knowing what to do or say.

"So? What's your name?"

"Jean Monroe."

"That's a pretty cool name."

Lillas met her gaze in terrified silence.

"Did you break into my dad's car just to sleep here?"

"I didn't have anywhere else to go. I'm sorry."

"Honey!" Sifuen said to his daughter. "Did you find out her name?"

"Jean Monroe. Sounds cool, doesn't it?"

"Sounds made up.” He looked in at Lillas. “What's your real name?"

Ah, hell! Was he a cop? How could he know?

He examined her wrists. "No, there are no bracelets or marks. She won't say her name. She's not saying much of anything. She's just looking at me, scared, like I'm going to hurt her.” He turned his attention back to Lillas. “I'm not going to hurt you, kid. I'm trying to help you. The ambulance is on the way and they'll need as much information from you as possible. You have to talk to them. Honey, has she said anything to you?"

"She said she's sorry for breaking into your car." 

"That's it?"

"And her name."

"Her fake name?"

"It's her real name, papa!"

"Sure, it is." He continued talking to the dispatcher. “Something is definitely wrong with one of her wrists though. It’s broken or sprained. I don’t know, but it doesn’t look right. The color is wrong and it’s just at a strange angle.”

In the distance, sirens wailed. In quick time, the neighborhood was covered in red and blue lights. 

"Don't let them take me," Lillas begged. "Please, don't let them take me. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I'll leave. I won't do it again."

"No. No. It's OK. They're going to help you," Mr. Habana assured over her mumbled pleas for forgiveness. 

He touched his car and was given a small electrical shock that made him jump back and shake his hand out. "What the hell was that?"

The sirens and lights died. Then they were resurrected. Then died again, continuing this cycle for a few seconds. In fact, it looked like much of the neighborhood was experiencing electrical difficulties with the problem escalating the closer the paramedics got to Lillas. 

The paramedics crowded around the open door, almost pushing Mr. Habana out of Lillas's view. She watched in short arrhythmic gasps, both out of fear, and also because her lungs were so sore that it hurt to breathe. 

"Hello, my name is James." He was a rather tall man from what she could tell. He was dressed in a blue uniform that had all kinds of wires and devices hanging off of him. A radio sat clipped to his shoulder. "What's your name?" When she didn't answer, he turned to the Habanas. "Has she said anything?"

Nema answered. "Her name is Jean Monroe."

"Jean Monroe? Hm, sounds made up."

"That's exactly what I said!"

"It's not made up!" The young Habana argued with a passion that almost made Lillas feel bad for lying. The adults ignored Nema.

James spoke to Lillas. "OK. Can you tell us what happened to you?"  He waited and waited. "Listen, I know you're scared. I'm a complete stranger. But I promise, I am here to help. We're all here to help you. OK?" He paused, then continued when he realized she wouldn't respond. "Can you move? Are you able to get out of the vehicle?"

"Look at her feet," Mr. Habana said.

James swore. "What the hell happened to you? OK. Well, you can't move like this. We'll have to try to lift you through the other door and get you on to a stretcher." 

She started shaking her head and muttering. "N..n..m..n..n." She couldn't quite get out the word "No," but it was right there.

“It's OK. We're gonna get you out." He stepped back from the car and addressed Mr. Habana and his team. "Is the other door unlocked?"

"Yes. All the doors."

"We may have to lift and drag her out."

"Yeah, but we don't know what other injuries she may have,” another EMT said. 

"Well, we can't leave her in there. Everything escalates the longer this goes on."

They decided one would open the door. The other would catch and hold her up. James would go inside and lift her as best he could to avoid full-on dragging her out. 

She would’ve preferred death to this embarrassment. 

The plan went as well as expected. She pretty much plopped into the EMT's arms as she was in too much pain to hold herself up. James, at the angle he was in, was barely any help at all. As they dragged her out of the backseat, she caught eyes with Mr. Habana, who seemed concerned for her safety. "Please, don't let them take me."

But they took her. There was nothing he or she could do about it. 

Chapter 15

"Who are you here to see?" the woman at the registration desk asked. 

"Lillas Mikkinnan," was the young man’s response. "She's my cousin," he offered. He stood with two other young men. They all wore jeans and different t-shirts, looking like they'd just crawled out of a frat house.

"Could you spell that?"

"L-I-L-L-A-S M-I-K-K-I-N-N-A-N. I know it's really long. I'm sorry."

"I'm not finding anyone in our system by that name."

"You...are you sure?"

She repeated the spelling of the name. She had it perfect. "Do you know her birthdate?"

"July 2, 1987. She must have been brought in either last night or this morning, but she's definitely here."

"I'm sorry, sir. I don't see anyone in our system with that name and birthdate. There's no one here with that name."

The trio exchanged confused looks. "Thank you," he said. He and his friends stepped aside to have a conversation. 

"Next!"

Behind the trio, eavesdropping, was a tall man with dark features. Thick eyebrows, full lips, muscular, and an air that screamed authority with an almost paralyzing clarity. None of his demeanor matched the pink backpack he’d slung over one shoulder. He handed the receptionist his ID.

"Detective Lens, how can I help you?" She took down his information into the visitors log. 

"I'm here to see Jean Monroe."

She looked her up, told him the room number, and he was on his way. He sneaked a few soundbites from the conversation between the three young guys. They were frustrated. They were certain with not a shred of doubt that his "cousin" was in this hospital. But if she were under an assumed name, they'd never find her. They wouldn't be allowed into the hospital to see her without a visitor's pass. 

The detective continued on. He hurried down the halls of Guild City Med, believing and hoping he'd stumbled upon the final piece of a tragic puzzle. He found the room, and with a little too much excitement, yanked the door open. He paused and caught his breath. The girl had grown to "look just like your father."

Her eyes widened, chest stiffened until it became obvious she couldn't breathe properly. Lights waned. The monitor beeped in some unheard of, undiscovered rhythm. 

He entered the room and held his hands out. "Easy. Easy. My name is Detective Lenshrader. You can call me Lens. I knew your parents. I’m a friend of your mom's. I used to see her at your family’s River restaurant sometimes. I'm friends with Sifuen Habana. He asked me to check up on the young girl who has caused him to be investigated. I'm not here to hurt you. I'm here to help you." He took the backpack off and held it in both of his massive hands to show her. “Nema wanted you to have this.” Lillas blinked. Her face relaxed a bit. The chaos in the room eased. He held the bag out to her but waited for her to reach for it. She did. He let it go.

She held the bag close to her, examining it, and staring back at him as if trying to connect him and the bag to the little girl she’d met. But he told the truth. That much she didn’t question. Her eyes welled as emotions she hadn’t felt in years overwhelmed her. “Can I tell her, ‘Thank you?’”

"Is it OK if I sit down?" 

Still uncertain about this stranger, she gave a barely noticeable nod. 

He sat, grabbed a tissue out of a box next to her, and dabbed her face. “I’m sure you can tell Nema thanks once we’re done investigating her father. Detective Wyatt, the detective you met yesterday who’s working on your case, says you won't speak to him or anyone else. They think it’s trauma from whatever Mr. Habana did to you.”

“He didn’t do anything to me. He helped me.”

“What happened to your feet?”

“I ran.”

Confused, he asked, “Iran?”

Now, they were both confused. “What? I ran away from those people.”

“Oh! From Gen Cen?”

“I ran and I kept running until they couldn't catch me. Then I ran even further.”

“Their facility is miles from here. Are you telling me you ran all that way, barefoot, and they couldn’t stop you?”

“I had to.”

Lens wasn’t sure what to think of this story. Clearly, something happened to her feet, but the idea that this little girl outran Gen Cen, and barefoot, was too incredible. He had to focus on what he knew and believed. “OK, you have to speak to Wyatt and your caseworker and tell them Sifuen is not the one who hurt you. They’ll want to know who did abuse you. You cannot tell them it was Gen Cen. They will send you right back there. Just tell them you can’t say. The important thing is that we clear Sifuen’s name. Do you understand?”

She nodded, still clutching the bag.

Lens realized she hadn’t opened it, yet. “Go ahead and open your bag. Nema put some gifts in there for you.”

Fingers shaking and weak, she unzipped the top. She sat the contents on her lap, gasping with each one. There was a pair of trainers, blue jeans, and a pink T-shirt that had white speckles. “I can wear these?”

“Of course! They’re yours.”

Excited about one of the rare chances to wear actual clothes, she started to throw her shirt on over her gown.

“Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait unto the doctor releases you. You have time. You’re not going to grow out of them anytime soon.”

The detective couldn’t understand what this meant to her. He was used to wearing normal clothes all the time. She wasn’t.

He reached over and grabbed her left hand. It was small compared to his, but what gave him pause was the missing digit. “What happened to your pinky?”

She answered with silence and a look of fear like he’d discovered a secret.

“Gen Cen did this? You can’t go back to them. Whatever happens, we have to make sure they don’t find you.” 


Chapter 16

A nurse knocked and walked in. "Hello Detective. Has she said anything, yet?"

"She's still warming up to me."

"Well, I'm sure if anyone can get her to talk, it's you. Just so you’re aware, Detective, she has suffered severe exhaustion and malnutrition. But she won’t eat or sleep. If you could get her to at least do one of those, it would really be a big help.”

He looked at Lillas and sighed. “If you bring me her food, I’ll see what I can do.” She said she’d have a sandwich, chips, and ice cream brought up then excused herself. "I try to see your mother at least once a month at Cross Point. It's not always possible, but I do try. You know, sometimes there are spikes in homicide. It's unfortunate, but it's what I like to call 'job security.’ Your mom will be so excited when I tell her I found her baby girl. She asks about you all the time. Finally, I can give her some good news." He patted her on the wrist. “But you have to take care of yourself. I know you’re special. Marisai used to tell me things about you. Right now, just be normal. Do what they ask so you can get out of here.” He waited for some sign that she understood, that she was at least listening. She gave nothing, but she didn’t look away. It wasn’t much, but he would take it.

"I'm telling you this so that you know. There were three men in the waiting room asking for Lillas Mikkinnan." The beeps on the heart monitor sped up. He held his hands up to her. "Easy. I don't think they're from Gen Cen. If Gen Cen knew you were here, they'd know the name you're using. These guys, they're from somewhere else. Do you know of anyone else who'd be looking for you?"

"No." She started calming down.

"OK...well...let me think. I don't want to leave you here by yourself. Where is your case worker?"

She said nothing, keeping her thoughts about the caseworker to herself.

It was then that the caseworker skipped into the room full of drive, excitement, and folders. "Hello, Detective. Is my client part of a homicide case?"

"No. She's not." The conversation was already going in the direction he'd expect from Mrs. Silver. 

"Then you can't speak to her," she said with a smile that did not convey her tone or intent."As a veteran detective, I would expect you to know this. I would also expect you to know that anything she told you is strictly confidential and cannot be used against her."

"Well, like I said, she's not part of an investigation from me. I was asked by Detective Wyatt to come here to try to get information to help you."

"And what information did you get to help me, Detective?"

He turned to the girl who eyed Mrs. Silver with a look that conveyed her distaste and distrust of the woman. It wasn’t a snare. Her features were completely relaxed. Maybe even too relaxed. It was more the way a cat eyes a target. When it was clear she wasn’t going to speak, Lens prompted her. “Lillas.” That was enough to draw her attention. “Talk to her.”

She turned her focus back to Mrs. Silver. In a flat, emotionless, matter-of-fact tone, she said, “You’re mean.”

The surprise of those two words made Lens put his head in his hands and try to stifle a laugh. Mrs. Silver's lips parted in shock. “What?”

“Mr. Habana didn’t hurt me, but you’re trying to hurt him anyway.”

“I’m not try...listen. You were found bloody, and with no clothes, in the back of this man’s car. Explain that.”

She looked to Lens. 

“It’s okay. Tell her what happened.”

“I was tired. His door was unlocked.”

“Why were your feet bloody? What happened to your finger?”

“He didn’t hurt me.”

“Then who did, Jean?”

Before Lillas could answer, or not, a nurse entered to bring Lillas her lunch and take her vitals. 

At Lens’s coaxing, she ate her food despite not wanting to do anything with Mrs. Silver in the room. “Oh, good. She’s eating,” Mrs. Silver said. “I was told she’d refused all meals yesterday and breakfast this morning. She’s also not slept but is suffering from exhaustion. But she was so tired that she slept in the back of a random man’s car.” 

LIllas sat her juice down and licked her lips. “I’m not lying.”

“Who hurt you?”

“You can’t make her talk to you,” Lens said, stepping in before Lillas caused a problem. “And you can’t hold Sifuen’s life hostage until she does. She says he didn’t hurt her. I believe her.”

“Well, I believe the evidence.”

“Have you found any or do you really think that he dragged her into his car, beat her, then called the police and ambulance on himself?”

“You’d be surprised how often I see that, Detective. I find it hard to believe you haven’t, yourself, seen something similar.”

“Well, that’s not the case here.”

“And you know that because his possible victim…”

Lillas’s heart rate jumped. A strong burst of air blew Mrs. Silver down. Just what Lens was trying to avoid happening happened. Two nurses ran in to check on Lillas. One ended up helping Mrs. Silver off the floor. “What happened?” she asked.

“I don’t know. I just...it’s like air hit me out of nowhere and I fell down.” She sat in a chair. “I have no idea what that was. I must’ve gotten dizzy or something.”

Lens and the nurse tried to get Lillas to calm down, but she was laser-focused on Mrs. Silver. "Get her out of here!" she yelled. Mrs. Silver was politely escorted out, but Lillas still didn't calm down. 

“Oh, God. What’s wrong with her eyes?” The nurse was as calm as she could be given how freaked out she was.

“What do you mean…” Lens looked Lillas dead in the eyes and froze. Instead of their natural hazel, her eyes were pale, almost white. Lillas tried to calm down but couldn’t. Not ten minutes after Lens told her to keep her gifts secret, she was failing. Now, they all would know, and Dr. Superville would come get her. That thought spun her into a worse panic. Her eyes became whiter until all that could be seen were her pupils. “Alright, let me talk to her.” The nurse hurried from the room, unsure of what she was seeing. Lens placed a hand on Lillas’s shoulder and the other on her cheek. “Listen, everyone’s gone. You have to calm down.”

“They’re going to tell him. He’s going to get me.” She spoke through tears and shallow breath as if she were hyperventilating. 

“No one is going to get you. I won’t let them take you. But you have to calm down. You can’t be knocking over social workers and nurses. You want to get arrested?” He meant it as a joke, but she didn’t get it. She started crying even more. “Hey! You’re OK. No one’s going to get you. I won’t let anyone get you. OK?” She nodded. “Do you want a hug?” She nodded again. He scooted close to her and held her, rocking her side to side until the chaos in the room stopped. Lens pulled back so he could stare her in the eyes. “You have to let your caseworker back in. I know you don’t like her, but remember, this is just temporary until we can get you away from those people. Alright. Just bear it for a little longer.” He walked out to the hall.

He returned with Mrs. Silver behind him. Lillas' expression, soft while Lens was speaking, hardened when she saw Mrs. Silver. It was mostly just in the eyes but she showed it. Mrs. Silver took a breath and pressed on. "Well, we’re off to a rocky start. I'll just tell you that I did find you a nice temporary family to stay with. That means I'll be taking you as soon as the doctors release you, which should be in a day or so.”

******

A day or so later…

Mrs. Silver led a line which included Lens with Lillas in the middle. Lillas wore the pink t-shirt, blue jeans, and shoes that Nema had given her. She was so excited to see herself in normal clothes that she couldn’t stop staring at herself in the mirror. For a moment, Mrs. Silver and Lens thought she’d locked herself in the bathroom. As they walked, Lillas wished she had.

Mrs. Silver opened the back passenger side of her car. "OK! In you go!" she said with practiced cheer. Lens walked past Lillas towards Mrs. Silver. "Jean?" she said, but Lillas didn't move.

Lens turned as he was walking, only now realizing that Lillas wasn’t following him. "Jean?"

Lillas stood in the middle of the parking aisle, head up straight, but eyes wandering around the ground and indistinct places. She said nothing. Her breathing never changed. She just stopped.

Lens approached and placed his hands on his knees so he could be more at eye-level with the preteen. "Lillas," he said in a tone too low for Mrs. Silver to hear. Lillas' eyes met his though the position of her head never changed. "You have to go with her. New name, new address, new family. It will help keep you safe from Gen Cen. Wherever she takes you, I promise I'll find you, but I can't do that if they find you first. You have to go with Mrs. Silver, OK?"

She looked away from him, looked at her, then looked away from both. Lens stood and walked back to Mrs. Silver, expecting Lillas to follow.

She didn't. She stared at them as they talked.

"She's going to run," Mrs. Silver said. She didn't think Lillas could hear her. She could. "I know a runner when I see one. And she is definitely going to run."

He agreed. His 14 years as a detective gave him similar insight. "You know what? I'm hungry. Anyone else hungry? Jean? When's the last time you had food that wasn't made from a box? What do you say the three of us go get cheeseburgers and fries? I know a great place not far from here. Jean, you can ride with me. Mrs. Silver will follow. Deal?"

Lillas's gaze slid from Lens to Mrs. Silver, who had a couple of things to say about this arrangement. "I cannot allow you to take her! It's illegal!"

"You will lose her," he whispered, thinking Lillas couldn't hear him. She could.

"I could ride in the same car with you."

"You can see if she'll go for that."

They tried. She did not go for that.

Chapter 17

Lillas sat up front with Lens, looking out the window, watching random objects fly by, listening to Lens swear in the background. Apparently, no one knows how to drive but him.

"We don't have much time before we reach the restaurant. I want to know what's happening with you and Mrs. Silver."

Still staring out the window, and with a voice like she was meandering through thoughts, Lillas responded with, "She sent me to Gen Cen. She worked on my case when I had to go to Dr. Superville. She had a different name then.”

“Right! Chamberlain. She got married a few years ago.”

“She doesn't remember me. I can't go with her. If she figures out who I am, she'll send me back."

"Oh...OK...shit!!! OK. Listen, I need you to listen to me real carefully. What we don't want is for them to spend too much time investigating you, who you are, psych evaluations. We don't want any of that. The less reason they have to focus on your case, the better. The harder it is to place you, the deeper they're going to look into who you are.

"Now, Silver is overworked; they all are. She's got kids in worse condition than you that she needs to focus on. She means well, but, really, once she drops you off with this family, you're going on the back-burner so long as there are no problems. Wherever she takes you, just keep your head down until this all blows over. I'll give you my number. If you need anything, anything at all, call me. Otherwise, stay out of trouble and don't give her a reason to investigate you further. You understand?"

"I understand." Of course, she understood. The plan was simple. 

But there was no way she was going to follow it. 

Brunch was a dance between awkward silence and laughter over times beyond her. Lillas sat in complete silence, eating her burger and fries, sipping her shake, not understanding their references, not getting their jokes, and wondering how long it would take them to notice if she escaped out the bathroom window. 

After an hour that could've been a year, they finally left. Lillas hopped in Mrs. Silver's car but not before looking up at Lens with the saddest, most disappointed look that ever shadowed a child's face. She said nothing as Mrs. Silver weaved and turned until they were on the highway. They drove forever, until they stopped at a long row of interconnected houses similar to the neighborhood the Habana's lived in. Lillas held her breath. Was she going back?

They stopped in front of a green house. Nema’s house was fire orange. Lillas sank with disappointment. More strangers. More people who wouldn’t care about her. Mrs. Silver popped the trunk and removed a suitcase. She walked up the short steps to the porch and rang the doorbell. The person who answered was not Mr. Habana or Nema. The man who answered was burly, had a lot more hair on his arm than she'd ever seen. He had a deep, yet jovial voice when he said, "Hey, Susan!! How's it going?" He wrapped her up in a massive hug. "It's good to see you!" He looked down at Lillas. "I'm guessing this is little 'Mousey Monroe!’'' He'd already had a nickname for her. In the background were the yells and laughter of out-of-control children. "Don't worry, kid. We got all kinds in here. Come on in."

"Thank you, Joe."

They walked inside and were greeted by a child in a wheelchair wearing thick glasses. A young girl ran up and down the steps, making engine noises as she held a toy plane up high. "Bad timing with the kids, I'm afraid. Sorry about that. Jake got all excited about something on Blue's Clues. Next thing you know, Cheryl’s trying to cope with her brother's outburst, and poor Brant here is just trying to enjoy his show."

"Did they take their meds?" Mrs. Silver asked.

"Well, of course, but, you know, they're kids. They gotta be kids, you know?"

She seemed skeptical but didn't push it. "This is Jean Monroe. I have a starter case for her.” She slid the case to him. “She didn't have much when she came to us. You know how it is. The clothes she's wearing were given to her by another little girl."

"Ah, that was nice of her." He picked up the suitcase.

"Yeah, it was."

"Come on, kid. Lemme show you where you'll be sleeping." Joe took them upstairs to a room with two beds across from each other. Between them were two identical sets of drawers. A closet was shared, one half had a sticker that read "Cheryl." The other half had nothing. There was a window behind the drawers and another by the bed on the left.

"They were bunk beds," Joe said. "But Cheryl kept jumping off of them. One day, she broke her ankle, so I split the beds. She likes high places but doesn't know how to be careful. I do what I can to keep her safe, but, you know, she's a kid. And I can't be everywhere all the time. This will be your bed." He set the case down in front of the bed with the window. "I'm trying to figure out something with the rooms. Can't have the boys upstairs because Brant's in a wheelchair. I have to have a lock on the window so Cheryl doesn't jump out. It's mayhem. So, welcome."

Lillas said nothing.

"Well, thank you for all you do," Mrs. Silver said. "Joe is one of the few people in the county willing to foster special needs kids. He is an invaluable part of the community. We're hoping, with you here, maybe you can help with the other kids."

Silence.

Mrs. Silver smiled at Joe. "She'll warm up."

"Eh, if she does, she does. Some kids just need time. Tell you what, kid, we'll leave you up here, give you some time to go through your stuff. Cheryl’s gonna help make dinner, so that should give you more time to yourself. You come down when you're ready."

Joe and Mrs. Silver left, closing the door behind them. Through the door, she could hear them talking as they walked down the steps. She could hear them through the floor once they reached the front door. "As I told you over the phone, we don't know anything about this girl. I'm sorry to just drop her on you like this."

"Oh, it's no problem. You know my door is always revolving. But these kids, Cheryl, Brant, and Jake are all very vulnerable. You're sure this kid won't be a problem?"

"No. I'm not. She's also been abused. I'm just keeping my fingers crossed that I can find her parents or some relatives quickly. Unfortunately, I'm not finding much and she's not talking to us."

"OK, well, I'll keep an eye on her, see how she interacts with the kids. Any problems, I've got you on speed dial."

"Actually," she handed him Lens's card. "Call Detective Lenshrader, also. She seems to have some sort of connection with him. She wouldn't even get into my car until he told her to. So, maybe try him."

"That's good to know. Has she been in trouble with the law or something?"

"Not that we're aware. But the detective is known to have a way with people."

"Well, we'll see, right? Thanks, Susan."

From the window, Lillas watched Mrs. Silver get into her car and drive away, leaving her behind again.

Chapter 18

Lillas sat at the dinner table next to Brant and watched as Joe, Cheryl, and Jake set the table and placed the food at the center. Everyone was seated. Joe said grace. "Our Father in heaven, bless this table, bless this food, in Jesus name, Amen!" He clapped his hands. "Alright!! We have a new member of the table. Everyone say hello to Jean Monroe."

"Where are your parents?" Cheryl asked out of nowhere. 

Joe let the question sit for a few seconds before conceding that Lillas's blank face and silence would never morph into an answer. "We don't know, yet, Cheryl. But I'm sure Mrs. Silver will do everything she can to find them. Jean is pretty shy. Why don't you guys tell her something about yourselves. Maybe if she gets to know us better, she'll feel more comfortable." The two traded a quick glance that made him think the very idea made her uncomfortable. "Um...who wants to go first?"

Brant jumped in. "I have terminal cancer and autism. My mother abandoned me at the hospital after my father left us. At least, that's what they told me." The outburst and candidness was enough to at least earn a change in expression from plain to... confusion? Concern? It was hard to say, but it was something more than they'd had two seconds ago.

Joe sighed. "Even more important than Brant's illness is how he lives his life. He paints. He plays the violin. He also races track and swims."

Lillas looked Brant up and down, then returned her eyes to Joe.

"His school has a great Special Olympics program."

OK. That made sense.

"I'd adopt him, but there may be a possibility of other family members wanting him. We don't know, yet. It's been a couple of years, but we gotta give them some time."

He may have a family that wanted him. Lillas thought about her own family and couldn't imagine them wanting anything to do with her. Then again, if his family wanted him, why was he here with the undesirables? Maybe no one was coming for him after all.

The introduction continued. Jake was 13, had ADD, severe OCD, and autism. Lillas learned two terms: verbal and non-verbal. He used sign language because he couldn't speak. He could hear and understand everything though. 

Beyond her obsession with heights and flying, Cheryl also loved Legos, puzzles, and video games. One thing they all had in common besides the obvious was that none of them had any place else to go. They were at the mercy of Joe, hoping he wasn't crazy. Still better than living with Dr. Superville. 

"So, uh, Jean, you want to tell us something about yourself?"

They were all staring at her. She had to think of something. "I have no disability. I have no family. No one is coming for me. Mrs. Silver will never find my parents because I don't have any. Maybe I'll be here forever. I also like comic books, but I don't have any anymore. I don't have anything."

"Now, that's not true," Joe said. "You have your voice. It's a very pretty voice. You should use it more often. Voices are very powerful. Lots of people have had nothing but their voice and changed the world."

Silence.

“So, tomorrow, I’m taking you to Jake’s school to be enrolled. Maybe you can look after him, you know, keep bullies away.” 

She picked up her fork and swirled spaghetti, fully ready to watch Brant die and protect Jake and Cheryl and help Joe. They needed her. 

Chapter 19

The next day, Joe took Lillas to Jake’s school for enrollment. Immediately, she was distracted by indescribable feelings in her chest. Everyone was a stranger, but some were stranger than others. Joe and the principal's voices faded as Lillas's focus shifted to the kids and adults who eyed her with an eerie familiarity. 

In the doorway, she stood watching the students move about the halls and doors, in and out of lockers. They weren't the same. Some were. Some weren't. They were like clusters. Those who were alike hung out together. There were two distinct groups that caught her attention. She wasn't drawn to either. They were all strangers. However, one group was definitely not giving good vibes. In fact, they reminded her of her foster brother who'd bullied her. She would definitely stay away from them. She would stay away from all of them, but especially that one group.

When enrollment was over, Joe and the principal took her to math class and dropped her off. Immediately, she noticed she knew no one in the class. She turned right around and chased them down. "Jake isn't in that class."

"Well, it's standard procedure to separate siblings or students sharing a household. It's just to make sure you actually socialize and don't balkanize yourselves. You know, get to know the other kids. There are lots of kids for you to make friends with."

She looked up at Joe.

"It's OK, kid. I'm sure you'll see Jake at lunch."

No, he wasn't. He had no idea. Meanwhile, who was going to watch over Jake between then and lunch and after lunch? Anything could happen to him. “You told me to look after him,” she said in a matter-of-fact tone. “You said there are bullies.”

“Well, yeah, but…”

“In school,” the principal said, jumping in to back Joe up, “myself, and the teachers look after him. You don’t need to worry about that.”

Her gaze never left Joe even as the principal spoke to her. Feeling awkward under her stare, he said, “It’s OK, kid. He’s in class. He’ll be OK. Go on to class before you miss your lesson.”

Lillas had to make a decision: go to her class or sneak into Jake’s. 

"Go on back to class."

She sighed, but she had a plan. Pretend to go to her class, then sneak out and go to Jake's. She made a promise to protect him and she was going to keep it regardless of what the adults said.

"Ah, Ms. Monroe, you're back. You're late, but I'll let it go since it's your first day." The teacher guided Lillas to stand next to her at the head of the class. "Everyone, this is Jean Monroe. She'll be joining us today, and, we hope, for the rest of the year. Jean, why don't you have a seat there next to Andrew."

She looked over him, over all of them. They were all so weak. Some were stronger than others, but none were stronger than her. Did she have to protect them all? Could she? 

She sat next to Andrew, ignoring the eyes that looked on her like she was a dead frog in a science lab, dissecting every inch of her, from her skin and hair to her clothes. 

Andrew leaned in to whisper, "Can you talk? Jake can't talk. Are you like Jake?"

She looked around. All the classmates were cutting glances at her, wanting to know the answer. "I can talk," she whispered back.

There was an "ah" mixed with a sigh of relief that swept across the room. Even the teacher seemed more at ease now, knowing the new kid had full use of speech. But it left Andrew with one more question. "Then what's wrong with you?"

She turned to him, unsure of the question's meaning and unable to answer it. Instead of asking him to clarify, she just stared at him.

"Jake's house is like the retarded kid house. Everyone has something wrong with them. So, what's wrong with you?"

Oh! That's what he meant. She took a moment to examine her attributes. Which would he consider a problem? He was right? Everyone in the house had something wrong with them. There must be something wrong with her. Oh! Perfect! "I'm missing a pinky." She showed him.

He frowned. "That's it? I don't think that counts. No one even needs their pinky."

O...K. She thought again. "I'm an orphan."

"That doesn't count either. There has to be something wrong with your brain."

"Oh...well...I guess nothing. There's nothing wrong with me."

"Then why are you in that house?"

"To keep them safe."

Chapter 20

Lunch time. Lillas’ backpack was like a brick as she shuffled through a crowd of rushing students to the cafeteria. She wasn't hungry, but Joe said Jake might be there. She scanned the tables, noticing different sets of kids with the same energies from earlier. They hung out in clusters at the tables. They focused on her, but she wasn't focused on them. Kids came and went. Jake didn't.

Tired of waiting, she approached one of the tables that felt safe. "Where's Jake Henderson? I don't know which class is his."

"His class is over there, but I don't see him," one of the kids said.

She approached the teacher, a woman barely taller than she was. "Yes? How can I help you?"

"I'm looking for Jake Henderson."

"You must be the new girl who lives with him. He's in the bathroom. He'll be joining us soon. Just wait with your class."

She found a table that was mostly her class and waited. They stopped talking when she sat down. She noticed, but they weren't important right now. She was focused on the entrance.

A student burst into the cafeteria. "Jake is freaking out in the bathroom!!"

Teachers threatened detention for any student who left the cafeteria without their teacher's approval before the students could mob the door of the bathroom. There was a loud sigh of disappointment followed by the sound of backsides returning to benches. 

Except one.

Lillas knew what detention was from all the books she'd read, but whatever. She was tasked to protect the boy and wasn't going to let a little thing like some alone time make her a failure. There were enough kids at the door to distract everyone from her exit. She raced down the hall, following the boy's yells. By the time she reached the bathroom, there were two teachers with him. He was on the floor, banging his head on a square piece of foam. It was not a scene she expected nor one that she remembered reading about. For all her powers and promises, she couldn’t protect him from whatever this was.

Tears welled as she tried to reconcile needing to help him with having no idea how. Bullies were expected, but he was beating himself. And he wouldn't stop. She had to make him stop. What did she have that she could use? Water. Fire. Earth. Wind. Electricity. None of them were useful. 

She was useless.

A teacher caught her eyes. Lillas stood right over Jake, not even realizing she'd moved from the door. 

The teacher jumped to his feet. "You can't be here! Go back to class!" His tone made Lillas's eyes widen and tears roll down her cheek and off her chin. He placed his hand on her shoulders and tried to ease her back. Shaking her head, she refused to leave. "Coach!!!" he yelled, calling for backup.

A large muscular man rushed in and wrapped an arm around the struggling preteen's waist. The more they escalated their attempts to remove her, the more she fought against them. Soon, they were in a full struggle with two adult men working way too hard to remove one flailing, skinny little girl. Her arms were doing a combination of pushing their arms away, swinging at them, and reaching for Jake.

Another teacher ran in. She had an energy similar to some of the students. "Jean, they are trying to help him," she repeated until Lillas finally heard her and stopped struggling. She looked her in the eyes. "They can't help him with you here." The fear in Lillas's eyes was palpable. "They're not going to hurt him. They're going to take care of him."

"Why is he doing this? What happened to him? Did they hurt him?"

"It's just a thing he does sometimes when he's frustrated. He'll calm down. But you need to give him space. Please. Come with me."

The teacher took her hand, but Lillas didn't move. She couldn't. His yells that disjointed every time he hit his own head pelted her with paralysis. Her lips trembled as she tried to control her fear and helplessness before they controlled her. Her throat hurt. Saliva formed in her throat, trying to force her to swallow her emotions before they regurgitated all over her. This was a battle she lost slowly with every wail.

"OK. OK. Come on. Come with me." The teacher guided her out of the boys' restroom.

Chapter 21

The fan sent a light whir through the air. Lillas sat at a desk at the front of Mrs. Green’s empty classroom. Her students were still at lunch with their homeroom teacher, but would be joining her shortly. The teacher had left Lillas to speak with her colleagues. Lillas shifted in her seat as memories of Jake banging his head on the floor and yelling sent pangs through her. Was he OK? 

The door opened. Mrs. Green walked in. "Jake has calmed down. He's eating lunch, then he’ll triage with his counselor, then he'll rejoin his class. But you...seems like you'll be suspended for the rest of the week. You banged up the other teachers pretty good. They were going to expel you, but I brought to their attention that you were really trying to help Jake and honestly didn't know. Well, you're new here and everything so...they took it easy on you."

Lillas hung her head and fiddled with her fingers. "Will they tell Mrs. Silver?"

"Who?"

"She sent me to live with Joe."

"Oh. Is she your case worker? Well, I don't know what she'll do. It will be between her and Joe." Mrs. Green grabbed a seat close to Lillas. "Can you not feel that I'm different?"

"You feel like some of the other students. But I don’t know why."

"We're demon cleaners. Us. You. We can feel each other. All spectrals can.”

“Spectrals?”

“Demon cleaners. Demon knights. Vampires. We’re all part of the power spectrum. Did they teach you nothing at Gen Cen?"

Lillas tuned pale; her body shook, breathing became shallow, eyes widened.

"I know who you are, Lillas Mikkinnan. We’re allies. Given your change of name and condition, I'm guessing you somehow managed to escape and now you're in hiding. My advice, stay with Joe for as long as you can. It's the best way to keep them at bay until you're 18."

Questioning eyes looked over Mrs. Green. 

“It's a lot, I know. You'll get used to everything. Everything feels overwhelming when it's new. But things don't stay new for long. You should know, we have enemies at this school, natural enemies. You've felt them."

"What are they?"

"They're demon knights. They are evil. They can force demon possession. They can make people do terrible things to each other, to themselves. It's our job to stop them. One day, when you're older, you'll learn how. But for today, for now, we have to keep you safe so you can keep others safe. That's our job. That's what we do. We protect."

"...everyone weaker than us," Lillas said, finishing the teacher's thoughts.

"Well, for you, that would be everyone. But really, we protect everyone we can from knights. There are also vampires. A couple here. They're not allowed to speak to you. They won't say why. They're not a threat to us. They are here. Some of the teachers and staff are vampires. But they don't really get involved in cleaner/knight affairs."

That was fine. Lillas didn’t know much about vampires, but had zero interest in interacting with them. They couldn't be trusted. They didn't keep their word.

"The good news is Coach thinks that he may want you for the wrestling team when you get back.” She chuckled a bit. Lillas didn't respond.

Chapter 22

"Our father in heaven, bless this table, bless this food. Amen!"

"Amen!" everyone repeated after Cheryl's prayer.

“I'd like to say an extra prayer for Jean," Joe said. "She had a rough day." He folded his hands. "Our Father in heaven, bless Jean with many better days than she had today. We thank her for looking out for Jake. Even though she just met him, and there's a lot she doesn't understand, she still tried to keep him safe. And that's admirable. She's a good kid. Amen!"

“Amen!" They said, except for Lillas who still felt horrible and confused. 

Tonight's dinner was mac ‘n cheese with broccoli. Dessert was pudding. "May I be excused?"

"Why? What's going on? I know you didn't eat lunch. You must be hungry."

"I'm not." She stared at him, waiting for him to answer. After a moment, he sighed and relented. "Thank you."

Upstairs, she sat on her bed, toes tapping the floor, fingers folded into themselves. Her first day at school. Suspended. She'd sat in the office while the principal laid out her crimes, which, given the scratches all over the teacher and coach's arms and faces, seemed really unnecessary. But she did anyway. 

"The student's were all told that anyone who left the cafeteria while staff worked with Jake would receive detention. She left. Then she disobeyed a teacher. And fought two other teachers. Before a fourth finally calmed her. Now, this teacher explained the situation with Jean and how she's never been around someone like Jake, and that is the only reason she's not being expelled. Take her home. We'll try this again in a week."

On the drive back to the house, Lillas sat in the back seat and listened as Joe made note that, in addition to everything else, he had to leave work early, pull Jake out of school early, because he wasn't going to come back to school twice to get him. His tirade continued on the phone with Mrs. Silver. She sat on the side of her bed in the dark, eavesdropping on Joe talking to Mrs. Silver over the phone. Joe would either have to take off work a few days to stay home with Lillas, or hire a sitter to watch over her during the day. He couldn't afford either option. He received a lot from being a foster parent, but the kids' needs were expensive. It was obvious to Lillas that she'd become a burden. 

Things were very different out of Gen Cen.

Jake's screams still echoed.

Chapter 23

The night wound down. There were still people walking around, hanging around a few 24-hour shops. Lillas turned down a street and was hit with bright white lights, a sign saying "Armond's." Some convenience store. Next to it, people sat at a small table outside of a noodle shop. It was one in the morning. The shop seemed to capitalize on a population that drank all night.

Lillas left Joe's house. She walked opposite the way she remembered Mrs. Silver driving. Not all of it was safe for pedestrians. No sidewalks. Highways, some with little or no shoulder, which left her walking in ditches and close to walls, and drivers trying not to hit her. It took hours. She passed lots of energies on the way. Seemed vampires, cleaners, and knights were everywhere. While Joe and the kids were at dinner, Lillas climbed out the window, melting the lock behind her so that Cheryl couldn't slip out. She had nothing except what Nema had given her. 

She now roamed the streets of Guild City, looking for...something, anything. A place. A feeling.

She passed the gates to Du Bois Park, known for a large fountain of W. E. B. Du Bois. She stopped at the gates, melted the locks like she did with the window, and walked in. She wandered around various paths, aimless, but not finding the fountain. She'd get there eventually.

The air was wet and cooler than when she first started walking. Bugs and birds were waking up, making their presence known every few steps. She came across the fountain. The way it was built reminded her of an extravagant wedding cake, layer upon layer until they reached a pyramidal top. There were holes all over each layer where water shot out during operation hours. Right now, it was dark, dry, and dead. She sat on the concrete edge and sighed. It was the first time she'd sat in hours. As soon as she sat down, her muscles slumped and eyes grew heavy. She didn't realize how tired she was. It was a nice night. Clouds silhouetted a full moon. Light traffic. A few bug noises here and there. Maybe she could sleep here.

Or not.

Flashlights whipped around, bouncing off the gates, trees, benches. Reaching. Searching. How did the guards know someone was here? She was quiet. She was so quiet. But here they were and now she had to leave before they found her. 

She darted away from the fountain, stepping on dead leaves and drawing the guards' attention. They yelled at her. "Stop!! Police!!"

Ah, hell!! She ran faster, but had no idea where she was going. They chased her. She reached the main gate, jumped as high as she could, and used the bars to vault herself higher. The officers grabbed her by the waist and legs. She yelled as they pulled her. The iron bars bent under her grip, causing her to slip off and fall face-first into the dirt. She was in the perfect position for handcuffs. She struggled until they put her in holds that made movement impossible. They almost had her until she blew them back with a large burst of air. While they were down, she stood up. Her eyes turned red. Fire raced up around her. 

The officers swore. One of them shot her with a taser. The fire was swallowed up. She fell to the ground, shaking. She tried to push herself up and was stunned again.

“What the hell was that?” she heard from one of the officers before she was thrown into the car.

******

She sat on a bench inside a kinetic cell. Her feet were planted firmly on the floor, her fingers intertwined. After that display in the park, the police cuffed her and dragged her into the back of their cruiser. Once at the station, they immediately placed her in a cell. She fell to the floor, still weak from being tased twice. Once she had enough strength, she sat on the bench and that's where she remained for the last however long. The officers came to speak with her to get information. Their boss tried. Their boss's boss tried. She didn't speak. She couldn't. She didn't want to. She didn't know them. And they'd stunned her.

Voices all around never stopped. Professions of innocence. Apologies. Some didn't even know where they were. In kinetic cells. In iron cells. Old. young. How many there were her age? Is this what it was like for all of the people in the cells at Gen Cen? Trapped.

Through the white noise, the door creaked. The voice of three new individuals entered the already full audio space, but one managed to break through and stand out. Lillas stood with anticipation roaring through her blood. Was he coming this way? They were talking about her. He turned the corner. Her body shook and lips trembled as he walked towards her. Her expression twisted into the most pitiful frown ever held by a child. 

He hadn't said two words before she broke down. Tears were already flowing despite her attempts to hold them back so she could speak. "Detective! I've had a really bad day. Can I come with you?"

Chapter 24

It was the day that never ends. As soon as Lenshrader walked into his station, he was hit with news that Esther Dray, of the vampire-hunting Dray family, had shot and killed a vampira first thing in the morning with the vamp’s young students around to witness it. It wasn't his case, thank God, but still, it wasn't good to come into the day with that.

The rest of the day was filled with murder after murder. Some solved with a simple confession. One kept him busy all day. He was chasing leads until now. It was almost three in the morning and he was just getting back to his station and desk. That was his plan anyway. He could see his desk. It was in range. 

"Detective Lens," two officers called before he could reach home plate. Damn it!

"What?"

"We could use your magic," one said. 

The other cut in, "We found a little girl wandering Du Bois Park. We're not sure how she even got in."

"Yeah, forget all that. She burst into flames."

"She what???"

"Yeah. It was...I've never seen anything like that in my life."

"We shot her."

"You...what?"

"We tased her."

"We had to. I never thought I'd have to tase a kid once, let alone twice."

"What? How old is she?"

"Can't be more than 14, maybe younger. It's hard to say because she's not talking to us."

"Wait. Is she black, about yay tall, hazel eyes, more afraid of you than you are of her?"

"Yeah. How did you…"

"Oh, shit!!" Lens marched for the holding cells. "She's an orphan. Her case worker called me. She ran away from her foster home after getting suspended for fighting two teachers."

"So, she's just trouble. Figures."

"We put her in a kinetic cell. We didn't know what else she could or would do. We’re definitely more afraid of her than she is of us."

"Yeah. She's just been sitting ever since. Hasn't said a word. Hasn't asked to make a phone call, go to the bathroom. Nothing."

"She tends to be short on words." Lens opened the door, turned a corner, and there she was, standing up from the bench. Her face turned red, eyebrows furrowed, eyes flooding. Even more than that, the cell was...he had never seen a cell that active. Her hazel eyes darkened with sadness and fear. This poor girl had had one of the worst days of her life. As much as he wanted to be her hero, he just couldn't. She could not come with him. It was clear that she wouldn't return to Joe. She’d cried that he couldn't take care of her because she’d gotten in trouble. A misunderstanding by a child who eavesdropped on an adult conversation. Fortunately, he did know where she could go at least for the night. 

******

"Jean!!" Nema rushed out the door and slammed Lillas with as tight a hug as she could manage. "Come on! Let's go to my room!" Nema grabbed Lillas by the hand and swept her away, barely acknowledging the adults. 

Lens knew that the Habanas would take her in for a little while because Sifuen kept asking about her. Technically, this was against protocol because Sifuen was still under investigation. But Lens couldn't keep Lillas because he had to be at work by seven in the morning. It wasn’t enough time to get her enrolled anywhere or to get a babysitter. Then there was the fact that Lillas straight up refused to go anywhere with Silver and refused to go back to Joe's, swearing, against all discussion, that he couldn't take care of her. However, Sifuen was going to drop his daughter off at school anyway and could just take Lillas with him. So, here they were.

"I'm going to get fired for this," Lens muttered to himself.

Chapter 25

The next few days were spent with Silver trying to reclaim Lillas with the girl refusing and the Habana child standing at her defense. In the meantime, Lillas tried to learn to navigate her new school. Nema was a huge help. They had to take separate classes, but during lunch, and for a few minutes when they passed each other in the hall, they could talk. Nema knew someone in every class. She told Lillas who to sit next to, who to avoid, which teachers were strict, which were lenient, who was fun, who was boring. Pretty much gave Lillas an entire social map to follow. Nema knew nothing of the cleaners and knights despite them being all around her. Wherever Lillas went, there was a demon knight lurking. 

A trio managed to catch Lillas in the bathroom during fifth period. They walked in as she washed her hands. They looked her up and down then scoffed. "Look at the new girl, all by herself. The cleaners have been whispering about her, but none of them are here."

Lillas stared at them for a moment. She couldn't get in trouble here or she'd have to leave again. Where would that leave her if they tried to hurt her? She'd have to defend herself, wouldn't she? But what if she messed up the way she did at the Jenkins's? She'd be back at Gen Cen. Maybe it was best to let them do whatever they wanted and not risk it. Besides, it wasn't like they could actually hurt her. By comparison, her strength was the sun to their moon.

The door opened. A trio of cleaners sauntered in. The knights scurried to the other side of Lillas, placing her between the knights and cleaners. "Oh, look!" one of the cleaners said. "Ashley and the other two devils. Y'all always trying to jump someone because your bitch asses can't fight."

"We can make anyone do anything we want. Fighting is for wimps. Cleaners? HA! Janitors." The knights chuckled. "We're the knights. You're the stable maids."

"Big words for someone who uses her finger to read."

Lillas was confused. Was this banter? Were they arguing? Was there going to be a fight between all seven of them in this tiny restroom? Should she stop them? How? How could she without hurting anyone?

Her eyes turned blue. A fog grew out of her like a wave. Pipes burst. The girls cried about the cold. They tried to rush out. A teacher entered the restroom and yelped. By the time Lillas stopped, pipes had burst all over the school, flooding it in ice and water. 

Chapter 26

A whole day come and gone. Lillas managed to survive without a major issue. She'd come across some really serious demon knights. Hostile as fuck. Her foster brother, Peter, had been the same, constantly antagonizing her until she snapped on him, then blaming her. That was a long time ago. She'd have to deal with more people like him, and she couldn't do it the way she did today. How many pipes could she really get away with bursting?

She sat with the Habanas at dinner. Roast beef with gravy, mac ‘n cheese, and buttered broccoli. The four sat at a round table, passing dishes between each other. The big talk of the day was the bathroom flooding because the pipes froze in the middle of April. Sure, it was suspicious that seven girls were crowded into a two-stall bathroom when a larger one was one floor up, but they all told the same story. They didn’t feel like walking that far and decided to wait. The principal didn’t believe that for a second. But he let them go home early anyway. Afterall, it wasn’t like one of them flooded the bathroom. Maintenance confirmed that the pipes froze. After a phone conversation with Sifuen, Nema and Lillas were allowed to walk the few blocks home. They stopped at a 7-Eleven. Nema said she wanted to pick up some snacks. Which was a lie. What she really wanted was a chance to perv on Kyle Brown, a schoolmate she had a crush on. She meandered around like she was really interested in the food and magazines, only to occasionally walk by him or catch his eye. 

“Why don’t you just go talk to him?” Lillas asked, confused about this ritual the two had going on. 

Nema looked her dead in the eyes. “Listen, don’t ever do that. You can’t let them know right off that you like them. Then they’ll be thinking they’re special, and that’s when you lose.”

“But...isn’t he special? If he weren’t, you wouldn’t like him.”

“Listen, kid. I’m the social expert here. Trust me. This is how you get a boy’s attention. You have to act like you like him, but like you also have other options.”

“Do you have other options?”

“It doesn’t matter. That’s not the point.”

“I’m confused.”

“You’ll understand when you’re older.”

“What? We’re ten months apart!”

“That’s why they put me in a higher grade.” Nema strutted off like a proud peacock. 

Lillas did not understand the conversation they’d just had. 

******

Back at dinner, Nema was extra excited about the flood and was determined to find out what caused it. She knew the maintenance staff rather well. Nema would always say good morning to them, ask them questions about their job, and how things work. They were all too happy to show a curious kid the ins and outs of basic engineering and architecture. They would have no problem explaining to her exactly what happened to the pipes. One of the other girls was a friend of Nema’s. Lillas didn’t know any of the girls, but had no doubt that the girl would tell Nema everything. Lillas wondered if she should tell Nema everything herself so she could explain better why she froze the pipes. 

"You know," Mr. Habana said, "Something else strange happened today. Three young men came by looking for a girl that matches your description, Jean. What were their names, honey?”

“Ben, Ben, and Eddie,” Mrs. Haban replied. 

“Right! Ben, Ben, and Eddie.”

“It was strange, too. Three grown men looking for a little girl.”

“Right. And they said someone else put them up to it. They called her a counselor. I wonder what she’s a counselor of. Anyway, I gave them Lens’ number. They can file a report with him. But the description they gave sounded like you, Jean. The name was completely different, though. Lillian? Lisa? Lola? I don't know. It was an unusual name."

"But less unusual than three grown men looking for a 12-year-old girl." Mrs. Habana eyed Lillas with suspicion. 

"They seemed certain that she was here for some reason," Mr. Habana said. "I asked them what they could possibly want from a child. They said to train her. Said she's dangerous without them. Said they've been searching for her for days.”

"‘She's our people,’" Mrs. Habana said. "That's what they said. ‘She's our people.’ I have no idea what that means.” She repeated "our people" a couple more times, wandering through her thoughts, trying to find meaning for the phrase. 

Lillas's gaze left Mrs. Habana and searched for an exit until she locked eyes with Mr. Habana, who'd paused all movements to stare at her, to study her. 

"Your name isn't 'Jean,' is it?" 

 Tears welling, she shook her head.

"What's your name?"

"Lillas Mikkinnan."

"Oh!!! That's the one!!!" the Habana parents said in unison.

"Did you do that at the school?" Mr. Habana asked.

She nodded.

"Why?"

"I was trying to stop a fight in the bathroom."

"All of that to stop a fight in the bathroom?"

She looked down at her fingers, afraid to admit that it was an accident.

"That's why they said she needs training," Mrs. Habana said.

"Please, don't tell Mrs. Silver. She'll send me back to Gen Cen." 

"Is that where you came from?" Mr. Habana asked.

"I left. If they find me, they'll take me back."

"Well, I won't tell Silver, but I’m going to call Lens and see what he found out about those guys. If they can help you, we should let them."

"Can all of your people do what you did today?" Mrs. Habana asked.

"I don't know. I don't know anyone else like me." She glanced at Nema, who'd remained quiet this whole time. "Are you mad at me for lying?"

Nema picked at her food, her head hanging. "If you hadn't, they would've taken you?"

She nodded.

"And they're why you were all messed up that day?"

She nodded again.

"Then I guess it's okay. We just won't tell anyone else so they can't take you away."

Lillas had never felt so relieved. She couldn't live here if Nema wasn't going to be friends with her anymore.

"How did you escape Gen Cen?"

She told them exactly what happened, right down to how she ended up with bloody feet. She told them about her missing pinky, the experiments, Joe’s family, everything. By the time she was done, the only thing that could be heard was a drip from the faucet. 

"Oh, God! We can't ever let them have you back," Mr. Habana said. His resolve firm.

Chapter 27

Later that week, Lillas felt disturbed. Something was attached to her. Not draining. Pulling. She'd had a similar feeling since she arrived in Guild City, but figured it was from some of the other cleaners around her. She ignored them, but this one she couldn't ignore.

One of her cleaner classmates rushed in from the restroom, giddy. She shuffled over to Lillas and whispered, "The Triumvirate is here,"

"The what?"

The girl was gone, back to her seat, still shaking with excitement. Lillas raised her hand to be excused to the restroom. Other cleaners from different classes had done the same. She pulled one aside and asked him what the "Triumvirate" is.

"You don't know?" he scoffed. "You, of all people, don't know?" Receiving her dry stare and lack of response, he decided to go ahead and answer. "They're the three strongest cleaners in the city. They keep us safe. They're kind of our leaders." He gasped as an idea hit him. "They must be here for you."

"Why?"

"As strong as you are, you're kind of their leader."

That made Lillas pause. Their leader? She was 12. Lead them to where?

The overhead speaker signaled an announcement. "Jean Monroe to the principal's office. Jean Monroe to the principal's office."

Oh... no. She had to get out of here before they found her. She ran down the halls, to the teacher-only pathway, towards a back exit that led to a second parking lot. There she was stopped by two men. Power poured off of them. She couldn't let them take her. She had to stop them. Her eyes turned white. She hurled wind at them, intending to knock them down and escape. The burst never reached them. It turned upwards at the last second.

A woman stepped out of a shadow. She stared at Lillas for a bit before approaching.

"That was a gale-force wind you sent across the parking lot. Had I not intervened, you would've destroyed every car out here, and killed your own people. You have no control, which is why I'm here. My name is Tia Valentina. I'm a counselor with the Cleaner Council. I am the fifth strongest cleaner in the world with the first being you. It's good to meet you, Counselor Lillas Mikkinnan.” 

Chapter 28

Counselor Valentina had obtained permission from the Habanas to take Lillas from school and keep her for training. After that incident with the school's pipes, that the staff still couldn't figure out, it took no effort to get them to agree. As they drove, Counselor Valentina ordered Lillas to tell her everything she knew she could do. Lillas summarized: "I can control fire, water, wind, dirt, and electricity."

Counselor Valentina scoffed. "You control them, do you? Seems like they control you. No worries. We'll get you straightened out.”

They arrived at a plot of land that hadn't been mowed in ages and was covered in dead or dying weeds. They exited the vehicle. As they walked, the plants parted and shrank. The color returned to their leaves. It went from looking abandoned to looking as if there existed someone who cared for the land. Counselor Valentina took her to a brick building. It was one story and had two rooms. All of the walls were fortified except for one which had a window to another room. That's where Counselor Valentina would stand.

"The facade keeps children and nosy adults away." They entered the pitch black cave of a building. It was cold. Smelled musty. There is no way it wasn't over-run with spores and deadly allergens. Counselor Valentina flicked a switch. The place looked new and spacious. It did not match the initial impression. More of the counselor’s facade.

"Are you a magician?"

"l am."

"You can be a magician and a cleaner?"

"Magic is here for everyone." She unlocked and opened a door. Inside was a single candle on a table. Unlit. "Wait here." The counselor left the room and entered the adjoining watch room. "Light the candle."

Really? That's it? That's all she had to do? Light a stupid candle? OK? Her eyes swirled with red. She conjured fire and…

Melted the whole candle immediately. She also melted the metal stand it sat on and burned part of the wooden table. Counselor Valentina left the watch room, entered the practice room, and replaced the materials.

"I'm sorry," Lillas said, fearful of what Counselor Valentina would do. The petite woman may have been smaller than Lillas, but she vibed like she could twist a person’s insides with a twitch and no remorse. 

"Don't be. It went exactly as I knew it would. Well, almost. I did expect you to ignite the whole room. I suppose we're lucky you only did this poorly.'' Once she had another candle set up, she returned to the watch room and ordered, "Again!"

Lillas tried again. And failed. Again. Again. The process repeated a few more times until Lillas had worn down Counselor Valentina’s patience.

"Stop!" She sighed and stared at Lillas, trying to decide what to do. "Let's take a walk.'' 

The two left the building and walked to the top of a nearby hill. The climb was steep and annoying. Lillas was winded. Counselor Valentina, not even a little.

"You are a child of great power, Lillas."

Ope! She'd read enough Spiderman to know where this was going.

"But you have no control."

The area suddenly darkened under an army of extending shadows. They seemed like ghosts or dark spirits. They felt powerful and terrifying. 

"Someone with power like yours, who can't control themselves, is not an ally. She is a threat. She's a threat to not just cleaners and knights, not just mono humans or vampires, she's a threat to everyone. What do you think should be done about that threat?"

"I'll do better."

"I'm sure you will." The shadows retreated and the atmosphere returned to normal.

Back at the room, it took a little more time, but she managed to light only the wick. 26 times.

Chapter 29

Now, came the real test of Lillas's control. Could she build a fire slowly? It started with her having to take five seconds to light one candle. She couldn't wait until the last second then light the candle. She had to spend the entire time melting the wick, lighting a small fire, allowing it to grow slowly, and, at the end of five seconds, the candle should be fully lit. 

It was the longest hour ever. Or so she thought until she was met with a continuous barrage of "Again!" for days. By the time she was done, she could take several minutes to light 45 candles. Her timing and rhythm were impeccable. Her patience became a stronger virtue.

 Now that she could show stronger control, it was time to go into more practical use.

“Our purpose, our only reason for existing is to protect mono humans from demons and demon knights. You will, if you haven't already, come in contact with an infinite number of demon knights and cleaners. As a cleaner, and most importantly as a Triumvir, you will be relied on to know how to deal with these threats. Now that you can actually control your abilities, I can teach you how to use them."

Lillas raised her hand slowly, not sure how to approach Counselor Valentina. 

Counselor Valentina paused. “What...what are you doing?”

“I have a question.”

“We’re not in school, Lillas. You don’t have to raise your hand.”

“I’m afraid of you.”

Counselor Valentina sighed. “What’s your question?”

“What’s a Triumvir?”

“In short, it’s the three strongest cleaners in a city. The longer version is: The Cleaner Counsel takes the strongest cleaners known, makes them ‘active,’ which is a fancy way of saying they initiate you, train you, and you’re able to link your power to other Triumvirs. It makes all three of you stronger and better able to defend yourselves, each other, and others. That pulling you feel on your power, that’s from me, Jett, Kratt, and Eddie. Normally, we’d share power, but you’re so strong, that you just lift us up. There’s not much we can give to you.”

“They’re not here because I attacked them? I’m really sorry about that. I was scared. I didn’t know who they were or what they wanted. I thought they were going to take me.”

“Back to Gen Cen?”

She didn’t answer.

“Never fear your own people. Cleaners will always look out for each other. We feel that connection stronger than anyone else. They’re not here because they don’t need to be. I’m handling the initial stages of your training to make sure you’re on the right track. Right now, you’d only be in their way, and they can't help you. Being a Triumvir is work. You’re too young and too chaotic for them to work with.”

“Oh.” Lillas couldn’t remember the last time disappointment hit her so hard.

“Don’t worry. You’ll get there. You have no choice. Today, you learn some magic.”

She learned incantations to expel and banish demons. She learned a spell to make water and fire holy. She learned to target specific things, to make stabbing weapons out of icicles, to use fire to burn or incinerate large or small portions of anything. She could inflate or deflate a ball. Tia took her to a ball pit and had her target every red ball she could see, deflate them, and fill the blue balls with water. She could bury a box, unbury it, bury it again, then move the earth to crush it, and retrieve the pieces. 

While Counselor Valentina was teaching Lillas to navigate herself, Nema was teaching her to navigate life outside the brick box. They'd taken an interest in a transfer student, Jin Tokoshiro. He stood taller than most of the kids at school, had hair down to his shoulders that almost veiled his diamond face. By all accounts, he was a good looking kid whose fashion sense said he’d watched way too many Smashing Pumpkins videos. He'd be graduating and going to Guild City High. His father had pulled him from a nice private school and sent him to public school to teach him appreciation for the profession that built his great life, a profession he now shunned, saying he wanted to become an artist. 

He was a great artist and often spent class time doodling between what few notes he took. He was sitting alone in the bleachers during lunch. His long straight pitch black hair covered his face as if he could hide from the world in it. Nema spotted him from the field and decided to be nosy. "Hey! Why are you up here by yourself?"

"To be alone."

"Oh! I get it." She sat next to him. "I'm Nema."

He locked eyes with Lillas, both getting that Nema didn’t get it. She tightened her lips in a “welp” expression. “I’m Jin.”

It didn’t take long before Nema “adopted” Jin as her big brother. The three sat in the bleachers, eating lunch, and helping Jin with his drawings. Sometimes they sat in the cafeteria. But they preferred sneaking off.

Lillas had developed a close relationship with Lens, which provided comfort she didn't know she needed. He was the only person she knew who knew her family. Well, it was only her mother, but it was something. He'd stop by the Habanas, chat with Mr. Habana, check on her, make sure she was doing well, and that she was staying out of trouble. He'd also give her updates on Marisai.

Things changed the day she asked, "What room is she in?"

There was a subtle pause before he said, "Well, I don't think I can tell you that. You can't see her and you shouldn't, not before you turn 18, when Gen Cen can't take you."

Yeah, that made sense.

"Right now, just lay low. Be patient. You'll see her."

Chapter 30

Lillas set up the room for the next training. Counselor Valentina stood staring at her with her arms folded over her chest. Lillas was so into her thoughts and what she was doing that she didn't notice the counselor's look or silence until she was done. Lillas reflected on her 13th birthday that was two days before 4th of July. The Habanas had blended celebrations, getting her a cake and candles, while also enjoying grilling, flags, and fireworks. Tia hung out for a bit, mostly watching over her protege. Everyone got to formally meet the Triumvirs Ben Kratt, Ben Jett, and Eddie Spirens. They took some time to drop some knowledge on their future peer, shared stories of demon hunting with the parents - not to scare them, but just so that they understood the life Lillas was heading into and the responsibilities she’d have. It was dangerous, but the most rewarding work any of them had ever done. 

Kratt was the tallest man Lillas had ever seen. His chestnut skin had about the same number of wrinkles as Mr. Habana. Probably because they were both in their mid-30s. Lillas couldn’t imagine what it was like to live that long. They shared a lot of jokes and stories from the olden days that she didn’t get and wouldn’t get, but was forced to listen to anyway. Nema eyed her father like he was the most annoying person on the planet. 

Jett took a liking to Jin, who sat in a corner, with his head down, drawing, only looking up periodically to study his subject. Whatever it was. Jett had skin the color of brown sugar, hair that whipped around in curls like a funnel cake, and honey-colored eyes that didn’t miss anything. Come to find out, he majored in Art Therapy and Psychiatry. He was a couple of years from becoming a doctor. He would be Dr. Benjamin Jett. Lillas calculated that, at 24 going on 25, he was about 12 years older than she was. And he had a girlfriend. She had no chance. But that didn’t stop her heart from fluttering whenever she happened to look his way. 

In the interest of being nosy, and to get away from the adults, Nema dragged Lillas to see what Jett and Jin were up to. Jett was showing Jin how to add more depth to the fence he was drawing. 

“Hey, Jean,” Eddie said, keeping up with the alias in case there was anyone around who didn’t know her real name. He pulled her away from the group. Nema wanted to follow, but Eddie insisted that it was a private matter. Jett passed a concerned look to Kratt, who still sat with the adults, but also seemed concerned about what their peers wanted with the younger cleaner. 

They walked to the small, crowded swing set. Eddie whispered something to himself. All of the children on and around the set dispersed to go play something else somewhere else. He held a hand out, inviting Lillas to sit first. She sat and looked around the yard. All of the other kids were getting food from the table, bothering their parents for something random, sneaking off to play “DOA 2” on Dreamcast, like they weren’t all over the swings ten second ago. As he sat in the swing next to her, Lillas remembered what Counselor Valentina said: There is no need to fear your own people. Eddie was her people. And she was terrified. “You’re a magician like Counselor Valentina?”

“Counselor Valentina and I practice different forms of magic, but yes. We’re both demon cleaners and magicians. I come from a magician family. She learned everything she knows on her own. She’s really impressive. Most solo magicians don’t make it even half as far as she has. Her skills far surpass my own...and most other magicians.” He swayed back and forth, looking about the yard, taking in the sight of all the neighbors gathered for one celebration. Children ran in and out of each other’s houses, getting yelled at by the parents. A gentle summer breeze blew his black hair across his pale white face. He looked like a smooth alabaster statue with cobalt eyes. “I’m not gonna hurt you,” he said.

“I know,” she lied.

“Are you going to hurt anyone?”

“No,” she affirmed quickly, feeling like she was sitting next to one of Counselor Valentina’s shadow people.

“How’s your training with the Counselor going?”

“It’s going good. She says I’ve improved a lot. I’m more patient. I have better control. I feel stronger, but not chaotic. She’s been teaching me what to do if there are demons or demon knights around so I don’t cause an accident.”

“Good. It’s the accidents that have been a serious concern.”

“I haven’t had any for a long time.”

“You broke a boy’s jaw at school?”

“He was bullying a weaker smaller kid. I protected the kid and punched that asshole in the face.”

“That asshole is also weaker than you.”

“Oh, no. He was huge…”

“And you broke his jaw. You protected a weaker kid. That’s excellent! That’s what we do! But then you hurt a weaker mono. That’s what we don’t do.”

She hung her head.

“Me, you, Kratt, Jett - we all have to be careful that we don’t betray one oath while keeping another. Has Valentina taught you the oath?”

She shook her head.

“Oh, well, I’m sure she will. My advice to you, big brother to little sister, avoid physical confrontations for now. You could break a lot more than a jaw.”

Where she once felt pride about saving one kid, she now felt guilty about harming the other. 

“You need to be around more cleaners your age. I want you to go visit Sanctuary. It’s in downtown West Guild. You’ll meet Emma Pryor. She’s great, been running the place for years. Knows all the kids, their parents, runs all kinds of programs for cleaners to help each other. Jett, Kratt, and I stop from time to time to help out. It’ll be good for you. I’ll give you their number. You can give them a call. OK?”

She nodded, her head still dragging.

He patted her on the back. “Hey! Cheer up. You’re doing good. You just have to do a little bit better, alright? Don’t worry. We’ll help you.”

As evening fell, everyone gathered to watch the downtown West Guild City fireworks display. Lillas was determined to work even harder with Counselor Valentina. 

"What? What's wrong?" Lillas asked, coming back from her daydream to join the counselor in the practice room. 

"We're going to lose you."

"What? What are you talking about?"

"I talked to Lenshrader. He was concerned that you wanted to know what room your mother is in at the hospital. Whatever it is you're planning won't work and you will be caught, and you will be sent back to Gen Cen and Superville. I know there's nothing I can say or do that will stop you. I can only prepare you for what you'll face in there and when you return."

"Lens told you that?"

"Lens and Sifuen tell me everything about you. You are meant to be my leader. I want to make sure you're taking care of yourself. Sifuen wants to make sure I'm not harming you. Lens wants to make sure I'm not teaching you to hurt others. Which I am, but it can't be helped. We're demon cleaners. It's what we do. You just need to make sure your focus is on the right people. That's why I've been building your focus and confidence. I didn't realize you'd use those skills to break into...or out of...what exactly is your plan?"

"I just want to see her. I know she wants to see me."

"Of course." Counselor Valentina thought for a moment, then decided not to push the subject. Besides, they had a lot to study.

Lillas spent the rest of the evening distracted by what Counselor Valentina said. All she wanted to do was see her mother. That was it. Why couldn't they be more supportive given that they know her situation? Didn't they understand by now? How could Lens tell her about her mother all the time and expect her not to want her to see her?

Whatever. She didn't need their approval. What she needed was her mother's room number. How would she get it? She didn't know anyone who worked there. She had no connection to get in. 

Wait. Maybe she didn't need any of that??? Why couldn't she just call and ask them which room her mother was in? Maybe if she called, they would just tell her then she could just walk in???

No. That was a horrible idea. She'd have to think about this. Meanwhile, practice. Laying in her bed, she practiced turning the lights on and off in her room, then the upstairs, the downstairs, the whole house, and soon the whole neighborhood. Not for long; just enough to know she could find and isolate that much power. Now, she had to put it to use. 

Chapter 31

Lillas knew she could shut down Cross Point Hospital. But even with all that skill, "I still need the fucking room number!!!" She paced in the bleachers with Jin and Nema, expressing her ideas and frustrations more vocally than ever. Over the past year, their influence had made her stronger in many areas, socially being the area of greatest growth.

"You can call them and ask them," Nema said. 

"I wouldn't," Jin said. "They'll trace the call back to you, find out who you are, and send you back."

"Good point. I could call."

"Same thing," he sighed. "Doesn’t matter who calls. They'll trace it back to you, back to her, etc, etc. Same if I call."

"Well...who?"

"It's gonna be hard. There aren't many people who would have a reason to ask. Everyone who needs to know already knows. The only one who doesn't know is her daughter."

Damn it! What were her options then?

"Have you tried hacking their system?"

"That's not a skill that I have. Is it a skill that you have?"

"Nah!"

She threw her hands in the air and continued pacing. 

"Why won't Lens just tell you?" Nema asked, sharing her sister’s frustration. 

"He thinks I'll try to break in to see her." They thought for a moment then laughed at the irony. "Anyway, as soon as I told him, he told Counselor Palpatine, who swore that I'd be caught, captured, and sent back." Owing to Valentina’s cold, deliberate demeanor, Lillas had begun referring to the Counselor as the infamous Sith Lord. 

"So, what now? What can you do?"

"I have no choice. I'll have to call them."

They all gathered around the phone at the Habana’s. Lillas called Cross Point. The receptionist answered. Lillas panicked and decided to try to disguise her voice to sound like a man...if that man were stuck in the body of a 14-year-old girl. On the fly, she came up with some story about her/him being a reporter following up on the Mikkinnan story years later to see where things stood. As she thought about it, she knew it was dumb as hell. The family was still dead. The mother was still in the hospital. And the daughter was still at Gen Cen (as far as anyone knew). Fortunately, she didn’t need a backup lie for her backup character. The receptionist asked very few questions and answered the one question Lillas asked with no hesitation.  Room 347. Have a good day. 

“Uhhh...that was easy.” Lillas hung up, confused, yet pleasantly surprised. 

“OK? Now what?” Nema asked.

"Don't go in right away. They'll be waiting for you," Jin said. "Wait a couple months then make your move. Catch them off guard."

"I can do that."

No, she couldn’t. 

Chapter 32

Lillas spent the next few days in a daze, imagining a beautiful reunion with tears flowing, and freeing her mother from the hospital. They'd live together, maybe Nema and Jin would stop by, spend the night. They'd have a normal life together. After so much suffering, they could be more, could do more.

Last she remembered, her mother was tall, slender, with skin like warm gold. A headful of thick brown hair, pressed straight. She'd been gone for just as long as they' been together. Dr. Superville tried to strip the memories from Lillas, but he couldn't. And he couldn't stop her from wanting the touch of the only parent she had. Now, she had a way to get what she wanted more than anything. She was not going to waste any more time. 

Lillas couldn't wait months the way Jin suggested. Hell, for all she knew, she didn't have months. Now, was all she had.

Lillas stood in front of Cross Point, staring. It was a mountain. A mote between her and her mother. All she had to do to bridge the gap was walk inside. That's it. It was that easy. 

But would it be that easy? Curse Counselor Palpatine. Her doubt seeds were growing. "We have to assume they know where you are and are just waiting to see how long before you mess up and end up on their radar." Now, Lillas was second guessing herself.

No. Forget it. Valentina didn't know. She’d never been to Cross Point. She didn’t know how easy it was. Notebook and pen in hand, Lillas took a deep breath and made her way to the door. Once inside, she felt a familiar silence engulf her as she stared at the receptionist who watched her and waited.

"Can I help you?" the lady asked.

It was hard for Lillas to not revert back to her quiet haven. Nema wasn't there to speak for her. Jin wasn't there to push her. Writing it seemed excessive. She had no choice. With no other options, she swallowed the bullet and stepped forward. The usual blank expression on her face, she met the receptionist's eyes. "My name is Jean Monroe. I'd like to see Marisai Mikkinnan, please."

The woman looked her up and down, took a deep breath, "Visiting hours are over in 15 minutes. It's going to take you at least five minutes to get up there with all the security checks. Probably be best to come back tomorrow when you'll have more time."

Lillas stared at her.

She stared back.

Lillas stared back.

She handed her a clipboard and a pen. "Fill this out."

She filled out the visitor information form and slid it back across the counter. 

"Jean Monroe," the receptionist read. "And you're here for a school project? Really? What kind of projects do they have you kids doing these days?"

Lillas said nothing.

The receptionist directed her around the counter. "Listen, the people here are living, breathing humans, with hopes and families. They're just deeply troubled. So, when you speak to them, speak with respect."

How dare she just assume that, because Lillas was young, she would treat the patients like zoo animals to be pointed to and gawked at. Lillas let the insult go and opted for her signature stare, trying to hold back tears of anger.

A doctor opened the door near the desk. "I guess you are our last visitor of the day," she said. "You'll only have a few minutes, but I'm guessing it won't take long. Come on back. I’m Dr. Smith."

The checks and balances to see the patients were excessive. Locks and passcodes all over the place to use the elevators and the stairs. After what seemed like years, Lillas was finally at the door. "Here she is," the doctor said. "You have 10 minutes. And nothing too personal; nothing that would violate her right to privacy."

"HIPPA."

"Oh! You know HIPPA! Unusual for a child your age."

She had no idea.

She entered a code into a pad next to the door and it clicked open. "Mrs. Mikkinnan! You have a visitor." She opened the door wide and stepped aside for Lillas to enter. "Go on."

Shaking, Lillas took a breath and crossed over.

Chapter 33

All language evaporated from Lillas's brain. Her mother stood next to her bed in a very familiar hospital gown. They must all look alike. Marisai was shorter than Lillas remembered, definitely more frail, not nearly as strong. But she was standing. The last time Lillas saw her, she was laying in bed, unresponsive and covered in pee, shit, and EMTs. This was a huge improvement.

Marisai sighed and sat down. "I was expecting someone else."

The disappointment Marisai expressed almost knocked Lillas to the ground. She quickly remembered Marisai had no idea who she was. "Detective Lenshrader?"

Marisai regarded her with a little more respect. "You know him?" Her expression changed. "Wait. Why would a child know a detective?"

"I was homeless and he helped me."

"Oh, I'm sorry. He's a good man. I'm not surprised he helped you."

"He's been very kind."

"Homeless? You're so young. Where's your family?"

"They died."

Marisai's back hunched. She sighed. Her lips trembled. "That's a great loss. I know it. I lost my family, too. That's how I ended up here. I know. It's hard to think something like that would happen to an adult, but...the loss of that kind of love, of that kind of life, it could break anyone. And for it to happen twice in one lifetime…"

"Wait? What?"

"I was maybe your age when I lost my mother and brothers."

"Oh! Is that why I never met them? Why they weren't at the funeral?"

Marisai frowned. "How do you know that?"

Oh, shit!! Think of something!

Marisai stood and walked towards Lillas, closing the distance between them. Lillas wanted to retreat into a shell and die. "I had a child, a little girl. She'd be about your age. I lost her. Lens said he'd found her, but wouldn't tell me more. He said she'd be in danger if I knew too much." She touched Lillas's hair as if it were the door to a memory or could confirm a suspicion. "What did you say your name is?"

The doctor knocked on the door. "Visiting time has ended. It's time to go."

Lillas passed one more glance to Marisai, not sure how she felt. Marisai looked like she was replaying Lillas's slip and putting things together. Shit! Why did she say that? Why did she admit to knowing Lenshrader? Both huge mistakes that didn't need to happen. Now, she'd tell Lens who'd tell Tia who'd kill her and make sure they never found her body. She didn't know what the Peace Treaty was capable of, but didn't think this would be how she found out. 

"How was your visit, Lillas?" Dr. Smith asked.

"Oh...it was good. Thank you." Lillas was polite though she was lost in thoughts and a foreboding future.

"I’m sure. Your mother must've been really excited and surprised to see you."

"Yeah." Lillas retreated back into her own worries until she realized she had bigger problems.

Chapter 34

"Too bad she won't be able to see you again for a few years."

Lillas looked up at Dr. Smith, her eyes wide, lips trembling, breathing slowed to a crawl. 

They stepped onto the elevator. "We were wondering how long it would take you to make your way here. But we're also concerned that this meeting would set back the progress we've seen with you and your mother. Basically, if you are bold enough to come down here, you may be regressing into your uncontrollable behavior that Counselor Valentine was trying to coach you out of. Which means you're too dangerous to be out in public."

They reached the bottom floor. "So, you have to go back."

The elevator doors opened. A gang of men in Gen Cen gear stood, pointing rifles at her. The lights flashed and all of the power went out. She hit them with a blast of air that knocked them back, creating a space for her to run past them and up the stairwell.

On the second floor, there was not enough light to see. She turned on the lights. Seeing that she was surrounded by escaped inmates, she turned them right out again. She went back into the stairwell and turned the power on to lock the door. The second floor was overwhelmed by screams, yells, and shuffling and stomping, doors slamming. It was like nothing Lillas had heard before.

"Mikkinnan! Don't move!" Flashlights hoisted onto rifles exposed her to Gen Cen guards. She didn't know what orders they'd been given, but wouldn't put it past them to shoot her with live rounds. Dr. Superville couldn't have been happy that he'd lost her. 

She covered the steps in a thick sheet of ice underneath the guards' feet. They all slipped down, running into each other like dominoes. She ran upstairs and decided no matter what that floor was like, she'd stick around. Someone had to protect her mother.

There was a thump at the door. Then another. And a couple more. It traveled along the wall. The door was snatched open. Patients ran past her, going upstairs and downstairs. Lillas stood against the wall out of their way, hoping they wouldn't notice her. 

At the right time, she slipped in. It was strange hearing people fight in the dark. Like...how could they even see who or what they were hitting? Did they care? Were they just swinging and hoping to hit something? Why weren't they trying to get out of here? There were so many questions and no time for any answers.

Dodging flailing body parts left and right, she made it to her mother's room. "Mom!"

"Lillas?" The voice came from a shadow against the wall. "It is you! Oh my God!!" She embraced her child as tears and emotions poured out of her. "I knew it was you! I knew…"

"Mom, I can't stay. Gen Cen, the genetics center, they're after me. I have to go. But I'll be back for you. I'm gonna protect you. I promise."

"Baby, it's not your job to protect me. I'm supposed to protect you, but I failed. When you get back, we're going to do things differently. I promise!"

They shared one last embrace. Marisai kissed Lillas on the cheek. "I love you."

"I love you, too, Mom." She left the room and turned on the padlock to seal the door and her mother inside.

"Lillas!"

Oh shit!! Superville. Where was his voice coming from? He sounded close, like he was right next to her, like he did the night she ran away from him. "The building is surrounded by police at every door, every window. Enough of this. It's time to come home so we can refine your skills."

Home? Did he forget that she knew him, and that his soft tone and words would never dissolve her memories of the horrors he inflicted on her? He couldn't charm his way out of her hatred. One day, she would bury him in vengeance. It wouldn't be today. But it was coming.

"Lillas, you are not safe here. People are not safe with you. Don't make this worse than it is."

She needed a plan. She had to get out.

Or did she?

They were expecting her to leave. What if she did the opposite? What if she hid somewhere until they left? She could survive a long time without food and water. If she could hide in a basement or a cellar of some kind, they would have to leave without her. Then she could just walk out.

Flashlights lit the hall. She ducked into a room. This particular room had a window. Outside was a sea of blue and red. Superville wasn't joking about cops being all over everywhere. And there wasn't just their siren lights, there were also their spotlights roaming the building. He must've told them of her great escape. 

On the other side of the door were rapid gunshots. Sounded like tranq guns. She locked the door. She cut power to the police lights that were around. She looked out the window again. In the darkness, the ground looked even farther now than it did before. There was no way she could make this jump. New plan! She needed a new plan. 

There was a beeping on the other side of the door. They were entering the code to open it. Oh, fuck!!!

Wait…

Maybe this could work.

When they barged in, she threw her hands up and surrendered. Five guys escorted her back downstairs, with two gripping her arm like a vice and practically dragging her.

They reached the front door. It must've been the other side where she cut off their lights. OK, well, there was no rule saying she couldn't do it twice.

All of the lights died.

While the officers and guards tried to figure out what was happening, Lillas combined ice and wind to surround them in a blizzard. The ice stuck to their clothes and glass surfaces like a snowstorm. While they were all distracted, she darted off.

As she ran, a sharp prick got her in the leg. She stumbled a bit, but kept it moving. She was already through the mass of police when she felt another prick on her shoulder and fell as she ran, rolling and scraping her arms and legs and hit her head a couple of times. Reeling from the toxin being shot into her and the blows to her skull, she forced herself up as the thump of boots marched towards her. At half speed, she took off. And was promptly shot again.

But there was more distance between her and the Cross Point/Gen Cen mob. She had to keep it that way. A thick sheet of ice spread beneath their feet and rippled, toppling them onto each other.

Her muscles weakening under the toxin's sway, she remembered what was at stake and forced herself up again. But moving was growing harder and harder. They shot her again. 

This time, her breathing was labored, her eyelids heavy, arms and legs like cement blocks. Tears of frustration dripped onto the black top. They were going to kill her this time, she knew it. She couldn't die like this, powerful, yet helpless.

Fuck it! If she couldn't get away from them, she would keep them from getting near her. She splayed her fingers on the ground. The ground began to shake with all the furious desperation she felt. They shot her again and this time, it stuck. 

Chapter 35

Welp, she was back in a cell. Not at Gen Cen, yet. Guild City Police Department. It was the same cell she was in years earlier. She sat on the bench, legs crossed at the ankles, fingers entwined and resting on her lap, eyes examining her fingernails. She put her head back and looked down the aisle to the wall at the back. She'd fully recovered from the tranqs and her head was perfectly fine. Now, she waited.

She turned her attention to the cell and had an idea. Well, just a question. Given how soft the cell was, could she puncture it? Probably not. If it could be punctured, it would take more power than she had. But fuck it. She wasn't doing anything else.

She created an icicle in her hand and threw it. Nothing. It hit the cell on its side and landed on the floor with a muffled thud, only indenting the gel material. Hmm...try again. And again. Throw harder. Throw faster. She stood up and tried to slam the icicle into the cell. It adjusted out and pushed back in. Hmm...maybe it wasn't possible. 

She sat back down. Stared and thought. If it could be pushed to its limit, it should break. In theory. Maybe. It was very strong. It gave as much as it took. But if it could be hit with enough force...it would take more force than she had.

Oh, wait, she was dumb. All she had to do was use the technique Tia taught her. “The power is not in your hands. It’s in you.” And…

It worked!

The icicle pierced the cell wall. It didn't destroy the cell, but it broke through. She could work with that. After a few seconds, the cell closed around the icicle, cutting it in half.

Well, damn.

She threw another one. Then two at a time. Three. Each time waiting for the cell to cut them. She experimented with different sizes, speeds, levels of force.

The door opened. Lenshrader rounded the corner. Lillas sat back and relaxed. She watched him march down, tall with his long legs. She took a deep, quiet breath. This was it. She was going to jail. Just as well. Better than going to Gen Cen.

She stood. Before he could say anything, she said, "I'm ready." She held her wrists together as if to be cuffed.

Lens frowned. "He was right. They shot you with five rounds of tranquilizer. And yet three hours later, you're up like nothing happened. Wow. You do heal quickly. You're not going to be arrested. But you are going back to Gen Cen."

"Why? I thought I'd be going to jail."

"Gen Cen owns Cross Point and has decided not to press charges."

“So long as I go with them?"

"No. You have no choice but to go with them. You're underage and they are your legal guardians. But…" he stepped in a puddle. Confused, he picked up the tip of an icicle. "What is this? What is this doing here?" 

Lillas said nothing.

"Lillas? This cell is meant to hold your abilities. What did you do?"

Instead of trying to explain it, she showed him, tossing an icicle through the cell, but away from him. In disbelief, he held it, keeping a hold when the cell cut it off.

"I had an idea I was experimenting with."

He swallowed hard. Though the cell kept her separated from certain energies, there was no ignoring the worry he showed. "Listen. Do not ever tell anyone you can do this. People are already afraid of you. If they know not even a cell can hold you, they will kill you. You will grow up to do great things, Lillas. But first, you have to live through this. Only a few more years."

Chapter 36

Two years had gone by. In that time, Dr. Superville made sure to keep her in the loop with news about her family. The Habanas filed a petition for custody with Marisai's blessing. While she hadn't lost her parental rights, she hadn't met the requirements to regain custody and feared she wouldn't for a while. In the meantime, the goal was to get Lillas back as quickly as possible. Mr. Habana already had everything the girl needed. It just made sense that he would petition. Marisai, Lens, and Mr. Habana made a determined trio, all on a mission to bring Lillas home. 

After updating Lillas on the parents' progress, Dr. Superville proceeded to tell her why they'd fail. He owned the judge, the doctors at Cross Point, and even Lillas’s "court-appointed" guardian lawyer. There was no way for them to defeat him. He'd won before the game even started. Hell, he wrote the game.

It was always the same. "This is what they're doing. This is why they'll lose. Now, we have work to do." Then it was back to injections, endurance challenges, and ability tests. Over time, Lillas began to rebel. She'd refuse to participate in their studies, opting instead for tight-lipped silence and stares of varying moods. 

One day, she walked into one of the labs to a surprise. Mice. She thought they were meant to be her new pets, but knew not to hope for too much. Whatever the care team gave, they would inevitably take away. 

"I realize you're a protector by nature. A protector cannot thrive, cannot reach their full potential, if there is no one to protect. So, I got you these." Dr. Superville reached inside the box and wrapped his long wirey fingers around one of the mice. It squealed as he picked it up. It was quite the contrast, the mouse's soft white fur against his dark, chiseled skin. "This one is Khali. The other is Max. They're yours."

Of course they were.

He put Khali back and closed the top. "Now, we're going to practice your fire ability."

Were they…

"Set them on fire."

Yeah, OK. She hadn't listened to him in weeks, but today was going to be…

Inside the box, a flame started. Slow at first, then one of the mice got its tail caught in it and spread it to the little rugs and other mini furniture. In seconds, the entire box was engulfed.

The mice squealed, their cries growing louder by the second. The flames became so bright that they hurt to look at. Lillas looked Dr. Superville in the eyes so he could watch her do nothing. She blinked, but refused to squint in front of him. The mice's screams died. After a few minutes, when it had burned everything it could, the flame died, leaving behind black smoke and remains so charred it was hard to tell what was once alive and what never was. 

Dr. Superville let out a short breath as if he couldn't believe it, but was also not surprised. He'd learned something about Lillas then. She was absolutely, 100% sick of his shit. 

Chapter 37

New day. New tactics. New shit. Dr. Superville realized he couldn't get Lillas to bond with a mouse enough to save it. If she didn't have something to save, she would never have a reason to hone her craft. That left only one option. 

Lillas sat at breakfast, eating cereal like she always did, head down and focused on her bowl like she always was. Dr. Aire sat with her in the lab like she always did, watching and writing stupid little notes in her stupid little notebook. What for? What was the point? They had long ceased learning anything. And Lillas had long ceased caring. 

They had tripled security since and were always updating their systems and methods. Change around here was constant. She had no way to steal passwords or codes. Hell, even the authorized personnel's bio information changed all of the time. If she stole a guy's finger or eyeball one day, it may not work the next. In case of an emergency, the system went into lockdown. Doors could only be opened by one of the backup security teams that she didn't know and had never met. The windows had quadruple-paned windows that were made of some kind of anti-glass - not plastic but definitely not fragile glass. It would take a lot of energy to break it. The irony being, when Lillas broke out, she didn’t use a door or window.

They spent millions fortifying the place against a child they could never hem in.

Luckily for them, she wasn’t planning to break out any time soon.

For now, she just had to remember what Lens said. Just a few more years and she'd be free of them. She just had to hold on a little longer. Besides, curving Dr. Superville and his wackass attempts to appeal to her emotions was becoming a much needed hobby. It's too bad about the mice, but the look on his face was worth the cost.

Everything she'd read was correct. The first time was the hardest. Now, she couldn't wait to see what he tried next. Puppies? A family of ducks? Piglets? Whatever it was, she was ready to give no quarter. She could do this for the next four years. Could he? Doubtful. He didn't have that kind of stamina.

She finished her breakfast and left the lab, leaving her dishes on the table per orders. She would have washed them herself, but they didn't want her to for some reason. As she walked down the hall with Dr. Palafox in tow, she felt a strong pull to go somewhere else. It wasn't a metaphorical feeling. It was literal power, and familiar. Coming from…

She started following the energy, needing to know who was here. 

Rounding the corner, there she was. Hands bound, barefoot. Another cleaner. "Hi, I'm Vanessa. Everyone calls me Nessa."

Dr. Superville was pure evil.

Chapter 38

Lillas was back!!! to being a peon, a guinea pig, a dancing monkey in Dr. Superville's show! In one experiment, he had Vanessa buried alive and forced Lillas to dig her up. He knew she could cause fire to dissipate, but how much control did she have over the temperature of fire? Could she fill lungs with air while a person was submerged under water? 

Dr. Superville made it very clear that protecting Nessa would be her occupation and she would need all of her abilities to do so. And not just her elemental abilities. Now that he knew she was much faster than they’d originally recorded, they did even more speed tests, which led to more strength tests, more memory tests, and intellectual tests. She could stop a bomb, but how quickly could she disassemble a bomb while it was strapped to someone else?

Unlike Lillas, Nessa had no innate special abilities beyond expelling demons, which she could do without spells. Any attempts on her life needed to be stopped by Lillas. After months of this, even Nessa had had enough. 

They were not allowed to socialize outside of their tasks. There was no eating meals together, no chatting over books. No bonding. They knew virtually nothing of each other. Yet, day after day, Lillas gave more and more to save her life. 

Today, they were back at the pool. Lillas hated the pool and couldn’t swim. She managed to get around the pool by forcing the water to move her while flapping her arms the way she'd seen others do in movies and sports. If the care team knew she had such a strong feeling about being in the water, they would find ways to use it against her, to discipline her, control her. This was one of many secrets she kept from them to protect herself and Nessa.

The pool room had an observation area. It was well above the pool to give an elevated view of the entire area. From there, the care team could see everything Lillas did or didn’t do. They discussed her, took notes, monitored her vitals through tools in the water. Occasionally, the white-haired woman joined them. Not today, though. 

For this exercise, Nessa would be tied to a beam under water at one end of the pool. At the other end, bags of cement would be dumped in. Lillas knew from previous exercises that Nessa could hold her breath for up to 45 seconds. Lillas could extend this time by adding air to her lungs. It wasn't a perfect science, but it worked. According to Dr. Superville, it would take the concrete approximately 30 seconds to reach them, giving Lillas more than enough time to free them both. 

Lillas was in her wetsuit. Dr. Superville decided a wetsuit was more professional than a bathing suit. This wasn’t a pool party. This was work. With her back to Nessa, she stared up at Dr. Superville. Her gaze never wavered from him, nor him from her, not when he gave the signal to drop Nessa into the pool, not when he gave the signal to add the concrete. The timer went down. Lillas never looked at the clock. Dr. Superville now wondered if this would end up like the mice. Honestly, not even Lillas was sure. 

But it was going to end.

Right now.

Her eyes turned crystal blue. All of the water in the pool was dragged upwards towards the ceiling. It hung there, in a perfect pool-shaped block. Now, something besides Lillas held Dr. Superville’s attention. She took a deep breath, tensed her body, and screamed at Dr. Superville. The water turned to ice. The ice broke up into trillions of tiny, perfectly round balls. Those balls went flying through the pool hall like bullets. They broke through the glass of the observatory. The care team had to duck and escape. Ice pummeled the walls. Some spots were so overwhelmed that big holes exposed what was outside the pool hall.

Lillas continued screaming and throwing ice everywhere. She didn’t stop until she was shot in the neck with a new dart formulated just for her.

Chapter 39

Lillas was so tired of waking up to Dr. Palafox. One day, she would never have to see her again. It was one of the only things keeping her going. 

"You won't be working with Nessa today. We’ve found you a new partner. He’ll be here soon." She didn't look at Lillas and spoke as if the announcement was just one more check on her to-do list.

Trying not to show how angry and surprised she was, Lillas held on to her breath and kept her voice even. "Why?"

She sighed like Lillas was annoying her.

"Where is she, Dr. Palafox?"

She continued pushing buttons and overall acting like Lillas didn't exist. Which left her to do some thinking on her own. If they had just sent her back to the other facility, Dr. Palafox would say so. They hurt her.

"Where's Superville?"

"He's busy. You'll meet with him later."

So, she could answer that. "Is he here? Is he in the building?"

“He is. He always is.”

“I won’t work with anyone else.”

“You will.” 

Lillas was tired of repeating herself to these people. It had been two years since she practiced throwing ice through a cell. But, like riding a bike, she would never forget. 

The first icicle landed in the console, breaking it. Now, Dr. Palafox was paying attention. Lillas tossed the icicle completely through the cell wall, allowing the wall to heal before Dr. Palafox knew what happened.

She jumped up and ran her hands over her fro. She looked at Lillas, stuck in her cell and the icicle stuck in the console. She struggled to reconcile what she was seeing with the logic of what she knew. It was an impossible task, but it led her to one question.

"Did you do this?"

Lillas said nothing. 

"It's not possible. Where did this come from? What did you do?"

"Where is Nessa?"

She was focused on finding a way to get video of the last few minutes. She had to know.

"Where is she?!"

"She...she didn't...there was a problem…" She yelled as a thick piece of ice stabbed her through the shoulder and destroyed what was left of her computer. 

"Dr. Palafox, I need your attention." Lillas let the ice melt, creating a pool around her equipment. It was extreme, but she had her attention. 

She stabbed the cell walls with dozens of icicles. She attacked the cell from every angle until finally the cell broke apart like a water balloon. She was drenched in cell goop. It dripped like shampoo or loose jello. It spread out over the floor in chunks. Dr. Palafox tried to back away to the door, but slipped on ice as a cell-covered Lillas walked towards her. 

Lillas wrapped her hand around Dr. Palafox’s throat and pulled her head up to look at her. "What happened to Nessa, Doctor?"

"She died during a blood experiment. We were trying to find out if…" Palafox continued talking, but was talking to herself, having lost Lillas at "she died."

All the demon cleaner could think was that she'd failed. She'd promised to protect Nessa, and she didn't. She gave her word and broke it. She thought they had more time. She should’ve done long ago what she was going to do now.

Chapter 40

"Where's her body?"

"We incinerated it."

"Where are her ashes?"

"We threw them out. It's standard procedure."

Lillas fell weak from the disbelief of what she was hearing. Nessa was nothing. She was the only thing keeping Lillas together. And they killed her for nothing, then had the audacity to try to replace her like she were a goldfish, like Lillas wouldn't notice. 

Dr. Aire ran in with security behind her. Funny thing about the guard uniforms is that the helmets protected their minds from kinetic attacks, but the rest of their body is still susceptible to heat and cold attacks. Things like their heart and lungs were easy to burn or freeze. Their deaths were instant. Dr. Palafox died with an icicle to the neck. 

Lillas walked down the hall, waiting with plans for the waves of guards and doctors that wanted to stop her. They came with tranq guns, real guns, and even a sudden capacity for sweet words. They were met with burned organs, ashen bodies, lungs filled with water. She found ice could be used as a bludgeoning weapon or sharper tools. She encased people in ice blocks. 

There was no one else. Alarms blared, but no more guards popped around corners or out of rooms to kill her. There was nothing but an angry, powerful 16-year-old girl who, now lost, realized she didn’t know this place as well as she thought. The care team had done a good job of keeping the exact size and space of the facility from her. Maybe it was for a day like this so she couldn’t ford her way out. 

She ran up steps, down steps, used every code she knew. She could not find the exit door. The red and white flashing lights succeeded in disorienting her. She thought she was on the first floor, but she ran past an elevator and found that she was on the second. How? She was certain she exited the sireway on the first. Her memory never failed.

She found another stairwell. At the bottom, it definitely, surely, said “1st floor.” So, she definitely, surely should be on the first floor. She opened the door and panicked. On the other side was the very familiar, very blood-soaked third floor. “No!” she repeated as she stumbled through the halls.

“Lillas.”

Startled by the sound of Dr. Superville’s voice, she turned and fire-blasted a wall, leaving a hole almost as big as her. 

“Among the safety features I added...you cannot leave without me. If I die, you’re trapped here.”

Oh, hell no!!! She ran towards the hole and blasted the wall again, clearing a path. That wall led to a room. She blasted the next wall, ran through another room. She blasted the next wall, ran through another room. She blasted the next wall, ran through another room. Then stopped. Confused, she ran back the way she’d come and was again at the stairwell. “No!” Running in the opposite direction, she blasted that wall, ran through another room. Blasted that wall, ran through another room. Blasted that wall, ran through another room and stopped. She turned around. Through the hole, she could see the door that led to the stairwell. She fell to the floor, defeated.

“It’s time to stop, now, Lillas,” Dr. Superville’s voice was in her ear as if he were sitting next to her. “I’m sorry about Nessa. I really am. But, as we can see from your breakdown, this is a good time to teach you proper grieving and coping techniques.”

Lillas sat in silence, the word, “no” repeating in her head. She tried to wake from this nightmare, while her eyes filled with tears of hopelessness and frustration. She couldn’t stay here. She just couldn’t. 

“I’ll build you a new care team. Dr. Palafox and Dr. Aire were two of my best. Brilliant, out-of-the-box thinkers. But they were both methodical. Maybe the combination of them together didn’t benefit you. I’d hoped the two would help keep you focused. But I realize that you were unable to bond with them. And that’s how we find ourselves where we are tonight. Understand, I don’t blame you for any of this. I blame myself. And that’s why I’m going to do everything I can to make our studies more effective and to be a better mentor to you. We have a cleaning crew coming tonight. Tomorrow, you’ll meet your new care team. We will move forward with a greater, more positive purpose.”

By now, Lillas was bawling silently, the only sound from her wide open mouth came when she inhaled. All hope of escape, of having friends, of seeing her family again were stripped by a trap Dr. Superville laid and the plans he’d made. Why didn’t she listen to Lens and Tia when they told her not to go to Cross Point? All she had to do was wait a few years and none of this would’ve ever happened. 

Dr. Superville was correct in stating that Lillas had no proper grieving or coping techniques. But those were lessons he should’ve taught years ago. Anger and heartbreak swirled in her like a perfect storm of hurricanes merging until she exploded.

The ground shook, then broke through the basement and first floor like a geyser, destroying the foundation. Above, fire blasted out of Lillas, the pressure so strong that it exploded through the walls and windows, through floors and ceilings. The combined assault shattered the building, throwing small and large pieces across the grounds.

Lillas landed on her stomach, the force knocking the breath from her. The noise from the explosion made her ears ring. Her head hurt like she’d been kicked in it. Dirt clods and debris, building and body parts rained down around her. She created a thick dome of ice over her body to protect herself. Lord only knew what else was coming. A crack echoed. Something hit the dome. Good thing she’d made it. More noises and hits followed. The barrage slowly brought her to her senses. Ah, shit!! Those were gunshots! She was under attack! Must’ve been backups. Probably from the other building. Dr. Superville was always prepared. She had to get out of here before they…

Shot her.

She grunted as the bullet tore through her shoulder. More bullets broke through the ice, landing in random places around her, missing her by inches. She broke the dome apart, sending ice bullets flying in every direction. With her one good arm, she pushed herself to her knees, then to her feet. Everyone was down, but they were not all out.

The bullet hit her waist from the front and went straight through the back. There was no way of knowing which direction the shot came from. The only solution was to burn it all down. A wave of hungry fire blew  out of her, feasting on anything it could. There were a few screams, then quiet. The only sounds were crackling like a campfire.

Bleeding, in pain, exhausted, she fell to her knees. Then, deciding she’d rather die on the highway, walking away from this hell, she stumbled to her feet and walked away, dragging her soles.

She was fully prepared to take her time, but ahead stood Tia, waiting next to her orange SUV.  “Superville?”

Lillas hadn’t even thought to look for his body. Anyway, there was no need. No one could’ve survived that blast, not him, his enchantments, his torments. She was free. “He’s dead,” she said, with more relief than she knew how to process. 

Tia's hard features softened into a smile. "Welcome home, Counselor. Hop in."

Lillas was so relieved that she almost burst into tears. She gave a tearful grin and slid into the passenger side before she became a sobbing mess. Knowing that she was going home for good, that Dr. Superville was dead and couldn't hurt her anymore, gave her the first sense of peace she'd had in almost a decade. 

Now, she could start using her real name.  

