








Want updates, deals, freebies and more directly to you?
Sign up for Alexia’s Newsletter HERE



Connect with Alexia Purdy:
Sign up for Alexia’s Newsletter HERE
Alexia Purdy’s Website
Twitter
Instagram
You-Tube
Goodreads Author page
Alexia Purdy’s Facebook Fan Page
A Dark Faerie Tale Series Facebook Fan page
Reign of Blood Series Facebook Fan Page




Legends of Fire
(A Dark Faerie Tale #7)
Copyright © June 2016 Alexia Purdy
All rights reserved
Published by
Lyrical Lit. Publishing
Photography and cover design - Cathleen Tarawhiti
Digital art - Maria Jose Hidalgo Barranco
Model - Kingsley Comins

www.alexiapurdybooks.com

This book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent, re-sold, duplicated, hired out, or otherwise circulated without the publisher’s prior written consent in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.
This is a work of fiction. All characters and events portrayed in this novel are fictitious and are products of the author’s imagination and any resemblance to actual events, or locales or persons, living or dead, are entirely coincidental.





Keep these words,
In your heart,
Never forget,
Who you are.
For I am here,
Never far,
Close enough,
To watch you fall.




Chapter One




Rylan (Soap)

There was nothing like the wind rushing through my senses and springing them alive unlike anything ever had before. This soaring, high above the clouds with their soft, wet kisses spraying across my skin, revitalized my innermost soul when total darkness wanted to suffocate it and gave me life. I’d flown with the Raven faery clan before, back when Shade was mine and we’d been surrounded by thousands of Unseelie warriors during Aveta’s dark stranglehold over the land, but I would never have my fill of flying.
The bright blue of the sunlit sky was blinding against the stark white of the puff of clouds surrounding us. I was being escorted by Taos. Benton, Shade’s brother, a fire elemental, was being carried by Bibette. Taos and Bibette were two of the Raven Queen’s flying servants. They’d been sent to bring us to Aluse, their queen. Memories of the Raven royal rushed back as I thought of her alabaster skin and obsidian hair that matched the feathers of her shiny wings. She was an ally to be counted on. Good thing Shade’s grandmother, Lana, had been good friends with her or we would have died in the forest when the Unseelie set it ablaze. Lana had died in that fire, exiled and imprisoned in a magical bubble in the middle of the forest. Her friendship with Queen Aluse had saved us from the inferno.
I closed my eyes. Memories of Shade still made my heart twist. I loved her. She was the most unusual woman, being half faery, half human and of royal descent. But she’d chosen to marry Dylan, a Teleen warrior who was bound to her by blood. It had shattered my heart and drowned my hope of ever finding love.
That didn’t mean I didn’t hold out for a miracle.
“How much longer?” I called out to Taos. He tightened his grip on my arms, causing me to yelp as his sharp talons dug into my shoulders. He wasn’t pleased, and I decided to not bother him any further during the flight.
“Look!” Benton pointed downward toward a large charred scar in the forest below. Saplings and underbrush were growing back in droves, but the damage was apparent and would take decades to fix. A fire had destroyed the ancient trees around a hill where had once stood a quaint farmhouse. Lana’s house. I remembered Shade’s anguish as she watched the hillside light up under the burnt orange fires set by Aveta’s Unseelie army, consuming the one relative who could show her how to rein in her newfound magic. My heart lurched at the thought of Shade’s horror as she watched it all burn.
The only good thing about the landmark was that it marked the proximity to Queen Aluse’s territory high in the rugged, sandstone mountaintops surrounding the valley.
“Brace yourselves!” Bibette called out as we descended from the clouds, dropping rapidly toward the red-orange rocks below.
The fall made my stomach knot, and I swallowed down my breakfast as Taos snapped his wings and hovered slightly before dropping me unceremoniously to the flat ledges of the Raven caverns.
Dusting my clothes off, I snapped my eyes toward Taos, throwing him a dirty look that he ignored or didn’t even notice. The guy was on my shit list for now. His flight skills were less than admirable as was his customer service. Aluse would be hearing about his less-than-welcoming presentation if I had anything to say about that. Darting my eyes toward Benton, I found him and Bibette landing softly, laughing together as they immediately began chatting about the flight. Bibette’s face lit up as Benton fed her compliment after compliment, elated after the short jaunt.
I rolled my eyes. At least his heartbreak about Sary, the pretty Vyn princess of the south, appeared all but forgotten. He didn’t waste any time moving on. Just as well. I preferred the happy-go-lucky Benton over his broody, the-world-sucks-and-can-bite-me attitude.
“So what now?” Benton approached me as Bibette headed into the caverns below, leaving us to fend for ourselves. “Where’s this brother of Aluse?”
“Come on.” I motioned for him to follow me to the entrance Bibette had disappeared into. Inside, the caverns seemed larger than they appeared from the outside. Long snaking corridors led deep into the mountain and to dozens of carved-out rooms occupied by a multitude of Raven faeries, chatting, eating, preening, dancing… just enjoying life, I guess. They were far more relaxed than the Teleen faeries, and I looked forward to hanging out with them for a short time again. 
One thing about the land of Faerie, there were numerous clans of magicals who could be counted on for a darn good time. The Ravens were one of them.
“This place is amazing!” Benton ran his fingers along the rough sandstone walls, and I could see the gears moving around in his head. “How does it not just crumble to bits? The rock is soft here.” His fingers caused the wall to crumble just a bit under his nails, but it immediately patched itself up as though the stone had never been touched.
“Magic, perhaps.”
He nodded more to himself than anything. I was happy to see him more cheerful, after his sister Anna had unwittingly betrothed herself to that Unseelie maniac, Oran. I was sure he was none too happy to get away from the Scren Palace and dive into whatever work he did back at his home and Pyren. Pulling him out of his gloom had actually been Shade’s idea, and the mission presented to her by Queen Aluse’s soldiers had been perfect for us. But I hadn’t told him that. He would sour about any intervention from his sister, though he respected her more than anyone in this world.
“Make sure he eats and gets some sun. He’s in dire need of it,” she’d told me. I aimed to please. Anything for Shade. It would always be so.
“Where are Queen Aluse’s chambers?”
“We’re close. Just a few more floors down.”
“Why isn’t she in the highest room of the highest tower of the highest et cetera and so forth?” Benton snickered, more jovial as he skipped along the hall and whistled a tune to himself. Maybe this version of Benton was absolutely, undeniably more irritating than the other two faces he could present. I shook my head and bit my tongue to keep words I’d regret from slipping out.
“I don’t know.”
We passed even more corridors near the outer wall of the mountain where small windows were carved to let the light of the world into the darkness within. Occasionally, a ledge popped out where a winged faery could take off if he or she needed to leave the stronghold. Most faeries didn’t fly. Not the human-sized ones, at least, so there was little worry that an attack would come from the sky. No, the ones to fear were always on the ground and could do significant damage in great enough numbers.
Like Aveta’s army had. They had done enough damage without being able to fly. This place, Queen Aluse’s aerie, was probably the safest place in the world. It was high enough to be left alone by most wars and isolated enough to disappear into if one wished. Only the clouds could be seen on the horizon. Right now, a wispy fog hung low enough I could barely see the tips of trees peeking out from under them, like arrows darting out of a fluff of cotton.
There were two places in Faerie I admired the most: The Scren Castle and the Aerie Catacombs of the Raven Queen. Maybe one day, one or the other would become my permanent home.
“Here.” I pointed toward one last opening heading toward another set of rooms. This area was brighter than most others, lit by skylights. It was at the top of a cliff, still part of the catacombs but more private and harder to get to since its sides were vertical, impossible to climb from the outside, making it the safest spot to huddle down in the aerie.
I knocked on the carved wooden door. It was smooth and worn, like it’d sat there for centuries, but heavy enough that nothing would get through without a good amount of force behind it.
“Who is it?” Aluse’s voice rose from behind the heavy door, muffled by the thickness of the wood.
“Rylan of the Teleen and Benton, Shade’s brother, Your Majesty.”
“Ah, yes.” Locks clicked as she turned them open, rotating their tiny gears until the door was released and she slowly pulled it open, peering out with her glassy, obsidian eyes. Her ebony hair flowed freely about her shoulders, surrounding her in a dark halo.
“Soap, Benton.” She gave us a curt nod, relieved to see us before opening the door wider. “Please come in. I’ve been waiting for you.”




Chapter Two




Benton

Nothing could have prepared me for what I saw in the royal chambers. Trey, Aluse’s brother, was withering in a way I’d never seen before. He reminded me of the ruined faeries who hung around the Siphon Lord Ferdinand, back in Chicago. His wings were but skeletal remains of their former glory, with shafts of stripped feathers still embedded into the wings, barely hanging on.
He was a ghost, a faint glimmer of what he had once been.
It made me shudder, but I fought to keep it to myself lest I offend the royals. I tried not to focus on the ruined faery and took in the darkness of the room. It was lined with overflowing bookshelves. More tomes were stacked along the walls. In one corner, candles sat grouped on a table with two chairs while another bunch sat upon a small reading table next to a recliner. The bed was a tousled mess, blankets twisted and the mattress stained even though the sheets looked fresh on the corners. A small amount of sunlight came through at the edges of thick curtains hanging over the windows, and the entire room stank of urine and remained stale and musty, even with the windows open and a breeze gently wafting the curtains.
Trey was staring off into oblivion; his stark, sunken eyes were reddened, darker than his sister’s. He looked like a dying cancer patient, with bones protruding from every edge of him and thinning ebony hair that hung in patches across his shoulders. I worried we were already too late to save him.
“Trey? Please, talk to me.” Aluse’s royal demeanor was dropped completely the moment she touched her brother. The worry and sorrow strained her features while her nervous fingers slipped over her brother’s arm as he failed to react to her presence. “Trey? I know you can hear me. Rylan has brought Benton, a human elemental warlock, to help us. Do you understand?”
I swore her eyes were fighting back tears as she begged her brother to respond. I feared it was futile; he was fragilely close to death. After a few minutes of her pleading, he slowly turned his empty eyes toward her, focusing his sluggish gaze onto her face.
“Aluse?” His voice was a rough whisper.
“Trey! Yes, that’s it. Did you hear me? Benton is here to help. You have to tell him what happened, you hear? Tell him everything. He can help you, but you have to say the words.”
Trey looked away and back toward the gaping hole in the wall serving as a window to the outside world. It was the only window without curtains. Blown glass was wedged into the carved eyelet to the world, held snugly to the wood frame that kept it secured to the stone. Ripples in the glass distorted the scenery of a million evergreens crossing the horizon beyond the mountain.
There, in a far corner of the landscape, was the wide scar marring the emerald field, the charred area where the fire had burned the trees away. From what Shade and Soap had told me, it had happened recently when Shade’s grandmother from Faerie had died. It felt like it’d just happened, but it’d been months ago.
“She died there. The woman who could help me. She hid the key I needed. There’s no hope without her now.” Trey sucked in an agonizing breath of despair before pacing the floor, muttering under his breath and growing increasingly agitated. “She said she would help me, but she died before she told me what it would do. She lied!” He slammed a fist into the wall, and I winced as blood oozed from his split knuckles.
“Who lied, Trey? Trey… please!” Aluse stepped closer to window and peered out at the view beyond the window. Her eyes widened before she turned back toward Trey, who’d already lost his focus. He was now staring at something in the fingers of his uninjured hand. The other lay to his side, drizzling droplets of crimson onto the ground. He didn’t seem affected at all. There was no acknowledgment of pain in his sallow features.
I stepped closer to see what he was studying so intently. It was a pure white feather, looking a bit rough from being handled. Its down was twisted in little locks of soft white. The long shaft was smooth and slightly grey, as if it’d once been a pure white and was now dingy. It was a large feather, but it wasn’t from any bird I’d seen in these parts of Faerie.
“Trey, no, no, no. Don’t… please, come back to me.” Aluse was back on her knees before her brother, her large obsidian wings dragging across the floor. She couldn’t care less they were being scuffed up.
“What’s he mean about a woman?”
Aluse sighed, realizing Trey was lost to us again. She rubbed her forehead and stood up. “He speaks of my friend, Lana. She died in fire set by the Unseelie out there.” She pointed toward the scorched patch outside the window. “She was also Shade’s grandmother. She was like a sister, and a very dear, lifelong friend of mine.”
She sniffled, like another memory had tickled her nose and threatened to send the dam overflowing with unwanted tears. 
“What…?” Confusion hit me as I thought of what Shade had told me about her grandmother. Since we had different fathers, hers faery and mine human, I had never gotten to hang with Lana like she had, but I’d met her once. The faery was beautiful, like most of the fey I’d met, but she died withering from being in exile for far too long. It’d been just a coincidence that day had brought the massive Unseelie army, sent to burn the forest around her house and drive Shade out. It’d been a dark day, and Shade rarely spoke of it. I knew better than to ask her to tell me more when her eyes shined with regret. I’d left her to her memories of her grandmother, but now I wished I’d bothered her more about it.
I turned toward Rylan. He’d been with my sister when it had all gone down.
“Lana was a wonderful soul,” Aluse said, staring hard out the window. “I was devastated when she died. We grew up together. Hunted together, found our partners and married about the same time. Even… had children at the same time. When she died, I lost part of my own soul.”
“Why would Trey mention her?” I asked. 
Aluse shrugged, shaking her head and frowning. “I have no idea. Lana never told me about any curses such as this or the key he might be speaking of.” She wrung her hands, causing them to flare up a dark pink. “Can you help him?”
I tilted my head toward Trey, who was now asleep and leaning back on his fragile, skeletal wings, snoring softly. His black hair partially covered his face, but he was almost perfectly still, with only his chest moving in a soft rhythm. His hand was healing slowly but was now being carefully wrapped by a servant raven girl who knew better than to wake him up. 
“I’m not sure,” I said. “I could try and scan him for any memories he might not have mentioned.” Aluse nodded. I fixated on the item in his hand again. “What’s the feather for?”
“I don’t know. I assume it’s from a type of winged faery with white feathers. Trey must have met one before his illness.” Aluse looked wearily up at me. “Some believe they’re what you call angels, but they’re really just faeries who call themselves the Nephilim. They’re a unique and rare type of fey who should, from what we know, be extinct.”
The word “extinct” made me jerk my head up, for it stirred something in me, and I racked my memory for its importance but came up with nothing. I swore my recall was shot, and I wasn’t even nineteen yet. Maybe my human mind just wasn’t meant to handle the land of Faerie. I needed to ask Braelynn, a powerful sorceress I’d met through my sister, for a memory charm.
“If they’re extinct, who would have such a feather? Maybe someone kept souvenirs?”
“I don’t know. But if you think looking into Trey’s memories will help, by all means, go ahead.”
I sighed, checking my pack for any items I’d need for the spell. Rylan was waiting patiently by the window now, his arms crossed as he peered out across the forest. I could only guess what he was thinking about those days and the fire. Back then, he’d been with Shade. Back then, he had loved her. He still did, that much I could tell. I’d never seen him happier since. Now I was sure it pained him to think of her. I felt bad for him, even if Shade was my sister.
“Wait, I do remember something else.” Aluse furrowed her brow, thinking about something that brought a startled realization to her face. “There’s a man. He’s a historian of some sort. He collects… artifacts of all kinds. I’ve never met him, and I don’t even know if he still lives, but if anyone had a feather like that, he’d be the one.”
“Another journey, huh?” I turned toward Rylan, shaking my head. “I’ve been on too many to count already. I hope he’s not that far. Is he?”
Aluse walked to one of the dusty bookshelves. It was fifteen feet wide and rose to the nine-foot-high ceiling. She yanked out a massive volume, taller than any normal book, and slammed it onto the desk in the corner of the room.
I peeked over at Trey, who continued to snooze as if we weren’t even there. Even if we did save him, I wondered, would there be anything worth saving?
“Here. This is a map of the island where he lives. It’s far beyond the western ocean on a desolate isle which connects to fey territory via a portal.” Her long, pale fingers spread across the old parchment she’d unfolded from the massive book. It appeared to be a filled with all sorts of maps along with notes written on loose paper or parchment. “You’ll need help getting there. The oceanic portal is not easily found.”
I grinned as I fished out a small blue orb from my pocket. “We’ve all the help we need.” The marble-sized sphere gleamed in the candlelight. I’d kept the teleportation orb which summoned Camulus, an elven-pixie who could transport us anywhere in the world in the wink off an eye. I didn’t like the guy—he’d betrayed my sister at one point, leaving her to Corb, the ice king—but he’d made amends and came in handy.
Aluse gave me a quick nod and a smile, but it failed to reach her eyes. The strain of watching her brother dying was wearing on her. Turning back toward him, her features darkened once more. Luckily, she didn’t let her gaze dwell on him long.
“There’s one more thing,” I said.
The look on her face wavered to a glassy-eyed stare as she retreated into her mind. I wondered if she’d heard me.
“Of course. You still need to speak to the human girl’s mother,” she stated. She closed her eyes. The burden of being queen was hard to pick out on her flawless face. Faeries had the advantage of never aging, with perfect skin as a side effect of immortality. They must have wicked poker faces, I thought, and I made a mental note to avoid any kind of card game with the likes of them.
“Yes. I need to speak to Zena’s mother before we leave on the journey,” I answered. Zena was a girl who had helped me out at one time. I’d wiped her memory to keep her safe, since she could see past faery glamour—which was dangerous. Her mother shared the gift and was being kept in Queen Aluse’s aerie for protection.
Aluse visibly shook her body, letting the movement ripple through her entirety until it made its way up to the tips of her magnificent wings. A shiver of air from them passed over me, igniting a tiny spark across my skin. I’d never stop admiring those wings—or her, for that matter.
“All right then, come along.” She spun on one foot and started for the door. “She’s isolated and won’t be out of her room for dinner, so we must meet her in her chambers.”
“Is she afraid of open spaces?” Soap asked, a puzzled look on his face.
Aluse shook her head, chuckling under breath. The previously dark look cleared off her features. She could don the mask of composure in a millisecond. I guessed that would be required of royals. It was no walk in the park to control an entire clan of faeries, but one could never show how hard things really were. They had to be strong at all times, or their reign would fail.
“No. She’s not afraid of coming out of there. She’s afraid of being spotted by the bounty hunters.”
Soap coughed and cleared his throat as my mouth dropped opened. 
“Say what?”
Aluse peered at us, concerned. “The bounty hunters. The ones who kill humans with the gift of the Sight. It’s an old practice, and not done by many of the clans of Faerie anymore. But… there are still those, especially the Unseelie, who refuse to part with the old ways, and preserve the tradition of hunting down humans with such gifts to execute them.”
“They still hunt them even in the human realm?” Soap asked. He was hanging on every word she said, his shiny green eyes taking in everything.
Aluse sighed softly and came to a halt at the end of the hall she’d taken us down, deep within the catacombs of her mountain home. She moved her eyes from me to Soap and back again, looking somewhat tired from the day’s events.
“Yes, especially in the human realm. Which is why she is being safeguarded here, in my own chambers, away from the other Raven faeries.”
She held out her hand and pressed a finger to the center of the door where a single black jewel sat embedded in the thick wood. It flared to white the moment she touched it, and a rumbling noise pushed against my eardrums. Before I could cover them, the roar disappeared, and the door locks clicked one after another, all the way from the top of the door to the very base. When all the clicking had stopped, the heavy wooden door creaked open, swinging slowly because of its weight.
“Please… try not to spook her with news about her missing daughter. Like Trey, she’s not quite right in the head.”
Why did I not like the sound of that?
Soap and I gave each other a knowing glance before agreeing and following behind. Something told me the woman in that room had a lot more answers than we could ever want to know, and maybe some things we didn’t want to know.
Some things should never be turned toward light.




Chapter Three




Benton

An older version of Zena was pacing the library section of Aluse’s chambers. She had creamy white skin, with a spray of freckles across her upper cheeks and a pin-straight but thin nose. Long mahogany-red hair with white strands at her temples showed her age. The long black gown she wore gripped her curves as she shifted from one end of the room to the other, mumbling inaudible, breathy words while wringing her hands continuously; they were already an angry red from the friction. Even so, her long red tresses flowed behind her like a river of flames, rippling in the violent rush of air she created as she wore a path in the floor. I was going to get dizzy watching her. 
“Rachel.”
Aluse waited patiently for the woman to acknowledge us but refrained from touching her. Rachel slowed her walk to a shuffle and turned toward the Raven Queen. Unfocused at first, Rachel’s crept back to a more normal demeanor, like she’d left her body unattended and had just regained control.
There was madness here, deeply ingrained from years of terror. I wondered what this woman and her daughter had been through, cursed with the gift of the Sight.
The Sight. It was an extrasensory trait in regular, non-magical people which gave them the ability to see through faery glamour: the charms and spells woven around a faery’s body to allow them to be perceived as normal in the human realm. Some might see chinks in this armor, with a glimmer or sparkle shining off it, but most humans couldn’t tell a faery from another fellow human, except those born with the gift of the Sight. It rendered glamour useless, making it as transparent as glass to these affected humans, and the horrors they witnessed could drive anybody to madness.
Monsters were real to them.
That was the reason most humans with the Sight never lived past childhood. Unseelie bounty hunters tracked down such special persons and either killed them on site or dragged them back to Faerie to be enslaved forevermore.
I’d never met anyone with the Sight who didn’t have any magic. It must have been quite a feat for Rachel and Zena to elude the Unseelie bounty hunters. The years of running would wear anyone down in the sanity department.
“My daughter… have you found her?” Rachel asked Aluse, her voice quiet yet hardened with an edge that meant business.
“We are diligently working to find her.” Aluse motioned for the woman to sit in a chair next to a cozy fireplace already lit and crackling with warmth. The woman obeyed without looking away from the queen.
“Who are these people?” Rachel finally landed her sharp hawk-like glare on us, abrasively studying us from head to toe. Her thorough inspection lacked any kind of magical challenge, but her very human distaste was obvious in her disapproval of our interruption.
“They are here to help me. There’s much going on, and I can’t investigate everything myself. So I’ve enlisted the help of Benton and Rylan, who are dear allies of my court and are both adept trackers. They have the power to help me not only find magic we’re in need of but to also find your daughter.”
Rachel swung her eyes over to Aluse, despair welling up in her tear-filled eyes. She reached out toward her, and the queen kneeled down next to her, taking her hands and giving them a soft caress. Rachel’s panic permeated the room and made me antsy as I watched them.
“You have to find Zena. He’ll surely capture and kill her. There will be no mercy for us in his hands. He has none to give.”
“Who’s chasing you guys?” I asked.
Rachel turned to face us again, and this time her tears morphed into those of rage and hate. It only took me a millisecond to realize she wouldn’t be much more help to us, even if her daughter’s life was at stake. She hated magicals. Hated them more than anything in the world. She was human, and her aversion to us had festered over decades. It was obvious being here in Faerie was worse than dying for her. There wouldn’t be much left of her mind once she did get away from here again. If she ever left here alive. Still, she didn’t mind Aluse, and that remained a mystery I decided to save for another day.
“How would I know who he is? All I know is that I see him—everywhere. He chases us across the world, over water, past the mountains and valleys. All over the place. He doesn’t stop. He doesn’t rest. Don’t you see? He will kill us. His whole reason for being is to get at people like us. We are just delaying the inevitable when we run. There’s nowhere else to go now; nowhere Faerie has not touched.” She spat at the ground near our feet, but I didn’t jump away. 
Zena’s mother wanted to see us react, to give us a reason to grab her and shake her. Death was appealing to her after all this time spent on the run. Even the strongest wear out. But death was the one thing we wouldn’t grant her, no matter how much she begged for it.
So why not let the bounty hunter do it? I thought to myself. I knew the answer to that before I could even ask it out loud.
Because of Zena.
Zena was the only reason Rachel had to live. Without Zena, she would let go faster than anyone could talk her out of death. Her only lifeline was a daughter who was missing out in the great big world. No wonder Aluse had secluded the mad woman in this windowless chamber. One window, and I doubt Rachel could keep from jumping to her end.
Why did they keep her alive? What did it matter if one human with the Sight cut her life short of such torment?
It matters to Zena, I thought to myself, suddenly shamed for thinking Rachel was better off ending it now rather than later. Zena would miss her, and that was all that mattered. I hoped we got to Zena before the bounty hunter did. My promise had to be kept. I had sworn I’d protect her, and I’d done nothing but fail since I’d wiped her memory. I had never returned to Las Vegas to find her. I’d failed to weave a protection spell around her like I’d wanted to. And worst of all, I was probably the reason why Zena hadn’t returned to her mother.
She couldn’t remember Rachel.
It was all my fault.
Crap.
“I just thought you might know a name or what he looks like,” I said, trying to hide my guilt. “Anything would help us.”
Rachel’s eyes narrowed, drilling into me. “You need to find my daughter. Not him. He is of no importance to you. You know what Zena looks like. Find her. You owe it to me.”
My mouth dropped, and I glanced at Soap, bewildered. How did she know I knew what Zena looked like? Had Soap told them of my experience with her already? Soap knew what I was thinking and quietly shook his head at me. If he hadn’t said a word, how could she know?
My suspicions that Rachel was not all human were starting to be confirmed. If she was more magical than just one with the Sight, why would she pretend to lack magic? She snorted and began to chuckle, softly at first, then slowly ascending into a mad cackle. She threw her head back and rocked as though we’d just told her the world’s funniest joke. Her body shook, and she slapped her knee as the fit grew in intensity. It might’ve been funny in another situation, but the three of us accompanying her in the room were far from laughing.
She couldn’t be psychic… could she?
I pondered this as I watched her continue her convulsive laughter. It was all so unsettling, and I knew Soap felt the same as he shifted slightly from foot to foot. I glanced at the queen, waiting for her to intervene, or else I’d be forced to knock Rachel out with a powerful elemental spell. I didn’t want to go near the woman if I was honest. Aluse had to stop this madness. Rachel would laugh herself to death if she could.
As if prompted by my thoughts, Aluse stepped forward and pressed a finger to Rachel’s forehead. “Sleep.” Her barely audible whisper slipped about the room, quietly echoed by a sweet, haunting lullaby—a faerie spell. 
Immediately, the woman collapsed back into the chair, her eyes rolling into her head as her laughter abruptly ceased. The silence was just as disturbing as her maniacal laughter, but at least I wasn’t feeling it crawl over me like an army of angry ants. She may have been a non-magic or an undiscovered magical, but this human woman had other kinds of extrasensory powers to use against those who might hurt her. I’d never thought a human could be so dangerous without magic.
I’d been wrong about a great many things before, and this was just another to add to the list. 




Chapter Four




Rylan

The water lapped against the shore. Portland. It was hard to believe I’d spent so much time near that shoreline with Shade, when she was powerless after her encounter with the Unseelie Queen Aveta and The Ice King Corb. It was the latter who’d secretly stripped her of her powers, binding them until she returned to him in the Ice Kingdom of The Great Divide. Dylan had been with us too, and we’d taken turns caring for our beloved. But she’d chosen him in the end, a fact that bit at me like the icy wind blasting the shore.
The burn of that heartache made my mouth go dry as the wind whipped my long golden brown hair around. It was partially tied back, but it had worked its way loose and snapped into my eyes, causing them to water. Every moment I breathed, I thought of her. Why couldn’t I forget her as easily as she’d forgotten me? The sand, the scent of the ocean, and the crashing of the waves all reminded me of her face, her touch, her love. Though I’d tried to forget, my inherent nature as a faery wouldn’t allow me such grace.
You see, faeries love for lifetimes, not months or years. If our hearts are taken by another, it’s for a very long time. It is not fleeting, the way humans treat love. It is not something given lightly. But I had failed to notice that I’d given Shade my heart. We’d both been so careless with it, and now it was too late.
Shaking off my thoughts, I returned to studying the shoreline as intensely as Benton. We were looking for an isolated island off the West Coast, near Portland, but there was nothing to be found. It was there, though, according to the ancient map Aluse had given us. It was hidden by a glamour that had kept it almost permanently shrouded in mist for centuries. I’d never even heard of this particular isle, and it was close to the Teleen and Guildrin clan territories where I’d grown up. Still, even humans had found it at some point. We’d discovered that it did appear on their maps, but only as a small, uninhabited rock. They had no idea what was really hidden there.
“Aluse said it should be here.”
I tilted my head to study the desolate beach. The air had a biting chill to it, almost frigid from the constant barrage of northern winds pummeling the coast without remorse. Sometimes it was warm, but this particular beach, at the edge of Faerie and hidden from most of the world, also had a forgotten quality to it. The land was lonely, and the cold emitting from it proved it.
Benton squinted his eyes toward the horizon. The mist danced along the edges of the water, caressing the surface as though it was a lover whispering secrets to its mate. Nothing else was out there.
“Guess it’s time to call in reinforcements.” Benton tossed the tiny blue orb into the air and caught it as he spun a circle in the sand, doing his best Michael Jackson impression.
I gaped at him. “Nice moves. Can we get a move on?”
“Dude, what’s got your skinny jeans in a twist? Got to stay limber.” He rubbed the sphere in his palms until it turned an opaque, milky white. A stir of air and a flash of light had me blinking as Camulus stepped forward and bowed.
“Camulus, at your service.” Gone was the jest-filled teleporter I’d known from before his betrayal of Shade. The servant of the Santiran Lands, under the rule of Prince Ursad—another traitorous friend of Shade’s—was Shade’s servant now. He had to make amends for acting against my beloved. Ever since he was forced to leave her at the mercy of the Ice King Corb, he’d lost his sense of humor. I believed he was punishing himself for betraying her, and I didn’t blame him one bit. Still, his glum and lackluster demeanor felt bland and exaggerated, like the real Camulus had checked out, and a shell of the man was left in his place.
It didn’t matter much to me. I just wanted to get onto that isle as soon as possible.
“We need a ride to the isolated area of Storm Rock Island.” Benton pointed toward the mist, and seemingly as a result of being named, the pointy rock emerged from the fog beyond. The jagged edges cut the clouds like sharpened daggers, ripping the sky as it overshadowed the area. It felt off… and the magic it emitted hit me then.
Camulus waved toward the island. “We’re unwanted.”
“But Storm Rock Island is known even to the humans,” I said. “The glamour can’t keep everyone away. I’m sure others have stumbled upon the faery territory there before.”
Benton nodded and pulled out the map Aluse had given us. “Yeah, but they don’t go near the part of the island we’re heading to. It’s part of Faerie and invisible to them. It’s at the southern end but undetectable to human and fey alike.”
He slipped the map back into the small sack he’d strapped to his belt. We had charmed our packs to hold way more than one would think they could. The shrinking spells came in handy when on the road.
“Sounds comforting,” I muttered. Nothing like treading into someone’s territory when they didn’t want visitors. “And this guy, the archiver of Faerie, he’s going to help us then, right?”
Benton gave me smirk as he pushed his shades up the bridge of his nose. Why he wore them when the sun couldn’t peek through the thick fog was lost on me.
“Only one way to find out.” He turned toward Camulus, who gave him a quick nod. “Shall we dance?”
I rolled my eyes and grabbed onto Camulus and Benton. Unfortunately, we had to hold on tightly to the elven-pixie man when we rode along with him, or we would become lost in the void forevermore. He could teleport anywhere in the world in a flash, but if you let go, you would be trapped in oblivion. Not a place I’d like to be, but it was worth the risk to save us miles of travel across treacherous water.
“Let’s get this show on the road.”




Chapter Five




Benton

We landed on the opposite shore, where the desolate, rocky coastline gave way to the rest of the eerily fog-enshrouded Storm Rock Island. It felt different there, off in more ways than the land we’d just stepped off of. I could feel its energy crawling across my skin like a thousand tiny spiders, tasting the edges of my aura, sampling my essence like I was a tasty meal. It sought us out and examined each one of us. It made my head dizzy. This was a foreign power I’d never experienced before. Maybe this archivist person was recording our images in some book laid out before him and was analyzing our every detail. Camulus had already disappeared, as though he didn’t want to stay around for the same treatment we were getting.
 “You feel that?” Soap visibly shuddered and briskly rubbed his arms. He wasn’t impervious to the magic, and it was little comfort knowing he was just as vulnerable to its effects. His body shook from the intrusion. I was feeling the urge to do the same thing.
I nodded. “We’ve just been scanned.” I kept my eyes open, taking in the expanse of beach and feeling the crackling interruption of magic in the air. “At least it’s nothing too invasive, but it sure makes my spine tingle.”
“Yeah. Like a nice snap of a twig. What a treat.” Soap could charm anyone I knew into hopping on one foot and hooting like an orangutan, but toss some charms onto him, and he hated it with a passion. We spun around, taking stock of the forest engulfing the rest of the island. It was pathetically scrawny but filled with underbrush which would certainly tangle up in our legs and shoes when we walked through it. Sand was everywhere, sticking out from under the trees and mucking up the expanse of the shore in wet clumps and littered with driftwood, bits of seaweed, and trash. The sand snaked its way deep into the forest, rendering the place unusable for any kind of farming. Hardened rock lay beneath it. One fine, dirty mess. 
“What do you think?” I asked.
The whole place felt uneasy, as if every rock and tree had focused invisible eyeballs on us. Shaking off this disconcerting feeling, I poured more magic into my shields, hoping to stave off the creepiness of the place.
Immediately, like a wave receding, the magic pulled away, satisfied with its taste of us. The release of pressure felt like a weight lifting, and we both sighed in relief. Whatever was there, the keeper of this isle did not appear to us, nor did anything else. He simply invited us to walk farther into the dark, beckoning forest and to our awaiting fate.
“Well, that was thrilling.” Soap rolled his shoulders back, looking much more relaxed and less wary. I knew it was just a pretense. He was as uneasy as I was. Any sane person would summon Camulus again to whisk us off this haunted island right away. His one job was to get us from one point to another then whisk himself back to the Scren Palace to serve my sister, Shade. It would have been nice if he’d stayed around to make sure we didn’t need anything else, but it wasn’t expected of him. Not that I blamed him for leaving. We were not part of anything sane anymore.
I hated being sent on a wild goose chase to find answers about things I didn’t really want to know or understand. Who really cared what Queen Aluse’s brother’s illness was? I didn’t. Not really. He had gotten himself into something deep, and here we were, trying to clean up the mess as usual. I was starting to feel like I didn’t owe anyone anything, and this was just off my good graces. If it wasn’t for Zena and Queen Aluse, I wouldn’t be here. I owed the queen for saving Shade’s life. And Zena? I owed her protection for wiping her memory. She could be anywhere, and I’d messed her up royally. How could I fix that? 
Why didn’t one person have all the answers about crazy situations like this? More importantly, what if we found nothing on the isle? There was no guarantee the keeper of this place would cooperate with us. We were going off the slight chance that he had it in him to aid us in helping Queen Aluse and Zena. I was getting tired of being the hero. If I ever could have been called one before. It was vastly overrated.
Zena….
Her face flew into my head like a moth fluttering toward a light. I wanted to swipe it away, but it proved easier said than done. I hated the fact that I’d left her back in Las Vegas without any memory of me. I wondered constantly if she’d know who I was when we met again.
I hoped she would. I could stand for something to go my way. So many things had happened lately, my head was spinning. Things like Oran’s army taking my sister, Anna, away to the Unseelie Palace to marry that vile Unseelie King. My sister Shade and I had been left helpless to do anything to oppose it. Anna had figured it all out in a millisecond and allowed herself to be taken to save Shade from an unfortunate fate. I’d understood why she’d done it, but that didn’t mean I agreed with her. She was going to get a stern chewing out when I got ahold of that girl. She’d put Shade and me in an uncomfortable position. Still, I felt like I’d failed her. I didn’t want to fail anyone else. 
Making our way into the thicket, I kept my eyes peeled, with sword in hand. My Empyrean blade was my only ally in this crazy world. Well… not exactly true. I peered over at Soap. He’d been a great friend too. We’d fought side by side to scrub the land of the Unseelie, and that had proven to me he was worthy of trust and friendship. Few people I’d met along the way had earned that from me; I could count them on the fingers of one hand.
A snap of a branch made us both jerk our heads to the right. A growl lifted into the air, vibrating from the throat of an unseen animal. My blade burst into flame as we both waited, listening to the wind and waiting to discover if our greeter was beast or man. I was hoping for the latter.
My hands squeezed the hilt of my sword. They were sweating as my heart beat against my ribs with urgency. Whatever was out there wasn’t friendly. It was probably a guard dog, but I was sure it was unlike any I’d ever encountered before. I hated dealing with the animals of Faerie. I’d take a few Darklings or Unseelie gloats any day over a faery beast. The sentient faeries were vicious and had no understanding of mercy, but I could beat them. The Faerie animals were much faster and usually had very sharp teeth that loved to gnaw on things. Things like arms and legs.
“What was that?” I asked, unable to stand the silence any more.
Soap shook his head, his eyes still scanning the surrounding trunks and foliage for movement. “Listen.”
I strained my ears to locate what he’d heard. I had excellent hearing, but I still envied Soap’s powerful faery senses. Didn’t matter though, I was just as powerful in other ways and could best a faery’s magic most days. I was hoping today would be one of those days.
A barely audible rustle of leaves farther ahead filled my chest with terror, but instead of running away, I took off running toward it. I was never one to scare from a fight, and the adrenaline coursing through me was a much-needed boost. I was going to get the beast first and had no plans on becoming its dinner.
“What the…?” Soap cursed behind me, and the loud scurry which followed told me he was already struggling to keep at my heels. I wasn’t going to let this thing hunt us. If I could help it, I was going to tear it down by slicing its head off, fangs and all, before it got to get a piece of us.
Around a copse of trees, I came to a halt, focusing on the brush. The trees and undergrowth grew thicker here, reducing visibility. The canopy blocked out the dreary light which barely made it through the fog covering the island. I was having difficulty seeing anything, but the creature was sure to have its sense of smell to aid it in the gloom.
Damn.
I listened hard, only hearing my heart pounding in my head and the short rustle of leaves as Soap came to a halt next to me.
“Don’t fucking do that again!” he snapped, sucking in breaths as he gasped for air. His face was red from the fury pulsing through him. I didn’t care. It was exactly what I needed to locate the beast. It had heard us and was now more excited to devour its meal. It’d be careless, and I’d be ready to incinerate it.
“Here, kitty, kitty.” I spoke softly, not wanting to interrupt the forest’s ambience too much.
Soap was probably rolling his eyes and shaking his head at my antics. Whatever. I’d been hunting on my own for a long time, and partnering up with others was still difficult for me, even with an adept partner such as Soap.
As if hearing my taunt, the creature rushed us from the side, shoving its massive body into my back and sending me flying shoulder-first into a tree. My entire left arm went numb, hanging uselessly at my side as I struggled to get back up. I’d dropped my sword on impact, and I spotted it several feet away, its flame extinguished.
“Benton! You okay?” Soap ran toward me, repeatedly glancing into the forest for the beast.
“Yeah, perfect,” I grunted, grabbing the hand he offered. My shoulder was on fire. The pain sent my head spinning, but I shook it off and grabbed my sword with my good arm. The lack of movement on my left arm concerned me. I was afraid I’d broken a collar bone or it had been dislocated. If so, yanking it back into place was going to hurt.
“Did you get a look at it?” Soap’s sword was pointed toward the trees, but I could see that his hands were shaking some. We were used to dealing with dark Unseelie creatures. This was an enormous beast of unknown origin. I’d never seen one like it.
“Yeah, right before he made me tree art. No, I didn’t get a lick of a look at it.”
My breath came out hard as I huffed past the pain. Holding out my sword, I listened as best I could over the pounding of my pulse in head. Leaves stuck to my clothes, and there was dirt smeared across my jeans.
Just wonderful. I couldn’t stay clean for one second anymore.
Soap tapped me on my good shoulder and pointed toward our left. The creature had circled around like a shark about to strike and was staring us down with its gleaming, golden eyes. I flexed my fingers around my sword, knowing I’d get just one chance to take it down. I’d have to hit it with all I had in one swift strike.
I stepped forward, ready to disembowel the beast, when a woman stepped out from behind a tree on our left.
Wait… what?
“Who are you?” Soap called out to her as he came up beside me. I was still wary of the beast out in the woods, but I doubted it would attack again. If it wanted to, it would have done so by now, and I couldn’t hear it moving anymore. This woman didn’t look one bit afraid. In fact, she looked awfully familiar to me, and I racked my brain trying to place her.
“Don’t worry; she won’t bite. She’s only curious.” The blond-haired faery held her hand out toward a shadow approaching her side. It was a large lion-like creature with the head of a bull dog and a mane extending halfway down its body. The hind legs were those of a bear, complete with sharpened claws that could tear away a head if it truly felt like it. It was three creatures in one, and it was three times the size of me.
No way was I petting that thing.
I focused on the woman, who was now lovingly stroking the fur of the massive beast next to her. I didn’t relax. Who could with such a nightmarish thing staring us down like we were its next meal?
I knew her. I’d met her before; I was sure of it. Her skin was still light but less pale than it had appeared when she’d refused to eat or groom herself in the Unseelie prison. Her long, light hair was now smooth and straight where it had once been dingy and tangled into ropes draping her tiny frame. Her features were now filled out and youthful, and bright life twinkled in her eyes as she looked at us and smiled.
“Hello, Benton. I’ve missed you! And Soap… I’ve been waiting for you both to arrive for eons! It’s incredibly dull around here, as you might imagine. I knew you’d come sooner or later.”
I eyed her up and down, studying every inch of her beautifully chiseled face. I knew her… yep. Definitely. But she wasn’t the same woman I’d met before. No, this was an entirely different type of creature, and the magic flowing off her in terrifying waves made my hair stand on end. There was no doubt that her change had not been a good thing. She reeked of evil and malice, discharging it into the air like an overwhelming perfume ready to suffocate an asthmatic.
“Rowan?” My question hung in the air, and I could feel her magic swirling in response to the name. Only Ancients felt this old and could corrupt all near them. There was only one Ancient I had met this close up, and it hadn’t been a pleasant experience then nor now.
She nodded, her sweet smile morphing into a wicked grin as she tilted her head at us, amused. “I’m glad you’ve not forgotten me, Benton. I have much to show you my dear, sweet elemental.”




Chapter Six




Rylan

I stared at the fair-haired beauty, Rowan. I’d met her briefly at Shade’s wedding, but she wasn’t the same stunning woman I looked upon now. No… this woman was enchanting, and it was impossible to look away. No one could ever ignore her presence, even if they wanted to. Man or woman.
It was unsettling how strong of a pull she had, but it was to be expected. She was, after all, the Spring Ancient of the Land of Faerie. There were only four Ancients of Faerie, and she was one of them, sister to Kilara, the Summer Ancient, who’d disappeared.
“M’lady,” I bowed before her, and Benton did a quick knee jerk version of mine.
“Rylan. It’s good to see you again.” She leaned toward the beast and whispered in its ear then gave it a pat on the head. It eyed us for a moment more before diving back into the tangle of trees and underbrush.
“Is that your pet?” Benton’s mouth could catch flies the way it hung slack. He was in utter shock from the power Rowan had over the beast. I didn’t blame him. I was pretty surprised myself. I offered to pull his arm back into place, for the dislocation was clearly causing him agony. He nodded and braced for the movement as I quickly jerked his arm back into its spot. He paled with the pain but never whimpered. I was afraid he would pass out, but he merely reached into his pack and pulled a small vial of painkiller milk, drank it down, and tossed the bottle to the side.
“He’s a creature of the old world. A Vitla. They are rare creatures and quite sensitive. He’s the last of his kind, actually. You mustn’t hurt his feelings, or he could destroy half the island.”
I swallowed hard. “That sounds great.” There was no way that thing was sensitive. She was pulling our legs.
“Aluse, the Raven Queen sent us here,” Benton said. “We need to see the record keeper of Faerie. Would you know where we could find him?” He was already back on the subject at hand. It was good he was there. I failed at refocusing onto the task like he did. His was a one-track mind.
“I know. I’ve waited here for you.” She began to walk toward the right, her long white dress swishing over the layer of dead leaves scattered across the forest floor. Branches reached out to snag her skirt but seemed to pull away the moment they touched the silken fabric of her dress. She was a sight to behold.
“Well? Are you coming?” She called out without looking back. Benton and I glanced at each other before falling into a jog to catch up with the spring beauty. I hoped we weren’t going to find any more creatures like the Vitla. I could do without seeing one of those things for the rest of my life.
“Miss Rowan?” Benton was now at her side, breathing hard and sweating. She didn’t look one bit fatigued. In fact, she looked as fresh as a daisy as she continued her wide strides through the forest. Even the trees seemed to shift out of her way before again closing in behind us. This entire island was deceiving. It appeared dead and abandoned, but underneath that facade, it was very much alive and thriving. 
“Yes, Benton?”
“I was wondering… are you the record keeper?”
She shook her head. “No, but he is waiting for you too.”
He nodded his head and looked back at me. This whole thing was sounding fishy to me, and I threw him a shrug in reply to his questioning look. Neither of us knew what was going on or why this Ancient of Faerie would be on the island, of all places. I hoped whatever happened next didn’t match up with the growing dread in my stomach.
“Why would you be waiting for us?” Benton asked. He still had his sword in hand but held it down so Rowan wouldn’t feel threatened. I hoped he wasn’t making a mistake, because I didn’t trust the faery woman one bit. Never trust a faery, especially an Ancient.
“I knew you’d come here seeking information. I love going through the archives to read about all I’ve missed in slumber. I’ve been here since Shade’s wedding. It’s quiet and isolated, which is what I require to recover from my long illness.”
“What were you sick with? You’re not withering.” Benton’s face contorted in confusion. I wore the same look.
“No, I wasn’t withering, but I was failing to live. I let the darkness of the world envelope me in slumber and retreated into my own mind until there was almost nothing left of my soul. I was a shell of who I had been. I had to heal, and there are almost none alive who know how to heal an Ancient.”
It all was fascinating. I had never known Ancients needed a special kind of healing.
We arrived at a door set in a wall of stone. The rock itself looked like a boulder the size of a house, but there was no way there was any kind of archive room within it. Unless….
She pressed a hand against the door, and her magic pushed it open. It moved quietly, almost artificially so, and I wondered if there was a spell on it to keep the hinges from squealing.
Once the door was fully opened, I peered inside. I saw a spiraling staircase winding down into the rock and beyond, until the steps disappeared in the darkness.
Rowan held her arm out and gave us a kind smile. “Welcome to the Archives of Worlen.”

***

The room was nothing like I’d imagined. It was homey and warm, pleasant and rather plain. I was expecting it to be more like a library or something of the sort. Still, when I mentioned this, I was rightfully corrected. This wasn’t the only hall of the archives—this place was much bigger than it looked. It was also the hub of ancient magic in the land of Faerie. The original faeries had been born and raised there. It was composed of several stone caverns linked by a hall, like the spine and teeth of a comb. We were at the head of the comb, and the spine was the seemingly endless hall that ran the length of the island. It would take several lifetimes for anyone to go through every book, artifact, relic or script hidden here. Nope. This place was a million times bigger and badder than any library I’d ever seen. It made my mind reel to think about how of how much knowledge was in the place. 
“Wow,” was all I could say. “Who’s the caretaker of all this stuff?”
Benton sneezed. His human allergies were kicking in, and he was fumbling through his bag for something to counter them. He pulled out a tiny pill and tossed it into his mouth. He pulled a bottle of water out of his bag and downed almost half of it with a single swallow. He caught me looking at him curiously.
“What?”
“You still use human medicine to counter allergies? Why not fey magic?”
“I try to avoid using faery magic. It does weird things to humans. It’s bad enough having to tread through Faerie. The land creeps me out. I’m not part faery like my sister, so I’m basically an anomaly here.”
“True,” I snickered.
He scowled back and put his bottle away. I often forgot he was full human. His magical elemental powers made him a true match against faeries. An ordinary human would be easy to enchant, but not Benton. His abilities usually kept the effects of Faerie from bothering him, and he could function quite well traveling through Faerie and even while living at the Scren Palace with his sister. Still, the effects of the land weren’t always avoidable. He’d already voiced his concern over the changes he could see in his family who were also human elementals. Anna and James hadn’t left Faerie for months, and their slow transition to immortality as they grew more ethereally beautiful was very apparent, especially to Benton. He had made a point to remain on the human side of the wards more often than not.
We waited while Rowan took her sweet time dragging the caretaker out for us to question in the main room of the archives. I hoped this guy would cooperate. I didn’t feel like dealing with a stubborn faery. We’d already had to deal with steadfast fey who refused to have anything to do with humans. Prejudice was not only strong and alive in the human world, it ran deep in Faerie as well. My travels with Shade had only proven that.
Right on cue, Rowan came rushing out of a side chamber we’d assumed belonged to the caretaker. A shadow followed behind her, scrambling to keep up. He was a fragile-looking old man with hunched shoulders and a sharp nose. His long white hair and matching beard were braided in a variety of thicknesses. His clothes were composed of soft linen, a dark tan color with grit stuck to the edges of his robe, which made me wonder if he ever took a bath. It was curious that he was old. Faeries normally didn’t age or grow old. It meant that he was something other than a faery, but what?
“Willard is the caretaker of the Archives of Worlen. He’ll be happy to answer some questions, but he won’t answer all of them. Make sure you craft your questions carefully, for once he reaches his limit, he won’t speak again until the next visitor comes, which could take a millennium.”
“He’s human,” Benton stated. 
The surprise on his face made me stare at Willard a bit more. It was hard to tell. He’d probably lived there in the archives for hundreds of years, maybe thousands. I couldn’t be sure. If he was human, why was he in this position anyway?
“You are correct. Willard is human. He’s worked here in the archives ever since he was a child. He is over a thousand years old. I brought him here myself.” She pulled at her long dress, making it flare out into a puff as she turned to find a long settee awaiting her. It looked practically new with its dark blue velvet, sitting immaculate and waiting for her. She sat and pulled her legs up onto it. Leaning on the pillow at the head of it, she watched us with amusement twinkling in her eyes. “Poor thing was orphaned after a raid on his village.”
“Why would Faerie keep a human to oversee the archives? Seems like a conflict of interest to me.” Benton frowned as he continued to stare at the old man, who was incessantly twisting some of the braids in his beard. The ends of it were tattered and stained from the constant meddling. The man was muttering under his breath and couldn’t seem to stand still, and he bounced from leg to leg ever so slightly. The guy had to be mad, living in isolation for all those years.
“Willard sees all things and records them. Willard does a good job,” he mumbled. He was speaking about himself in the third person. That couldn’t be good.
I glanced at Benton, whose uncertain grimace made me want to groan. Something told me questioning this man wasn’t going to be easy. His mind was more than half gone. It would be a miracle if he gave us anything useful.
“Go on… ask him your questions,” Rowan urged, looking like she was about to watch a game show. She seemed almost giddy.
Benton turned toward the Spring Ancient, and she waved him forward impatiently. Still hesitant, we both edged closer to the record keeper. 
“Okay… well. We came here in search of a cure for Trey, the brother of Queen Aluse of the Raven clan. He has a white feather in his possession and told us that the former Queen Lana of the Southern Realm, who died in a fire while exiled, had a key that could have helped him. We need to know what this key is, what the white feather means, and how to cure him. Can you tell us about any of that?”
Benton was all business. He’d mentioned almost everything we need to know about, and I hoped the old man was intact enough to give us something we could use.
Willard gave a throaty chuckle as he continued to fiddle with a braid. The ends of it looked like straw, but he kept at it. I figured it was either a nervous habit or he didn’t even know he was doing it. His thin frame was frightful to look at, and I wondered if he ever ate. Did he have to fend for himself, find his own food? Most humans in Faerie had overseers who were responsible for them. It made me wonder if Rowan was his caretaker, but she’d been imprisoned in a slumber for years. How had he taken care of himself without her?
“You ask things most don’t know anything about. Especially things that no longer exist.” Willard added a tiny cackle that rattled in his chest until it began a coughing fit. He pulled out a dingy rag and spit into it before tucking it back into his robes.
Gross.
“White feathers of Nephilim who are extinct. But are they? There are some who believe they still exist, hidden from their origins in Faerie, deep in underbellies of the human world. Maybe they do, but they are wingless. Only a pair of Nephilim can lift such a curse. Can save them.”
I glanced at Benton, who looked like he was etching every word into his brain. I wasn’t sure if this was of any use to us.
“That can’t be all,” Benton muttered.
Willard held a hand up and cleared his throat once more. “The fallen queen did have a key, but it wasn’t a key in a literal sense. The key was of flesh and bone, magic so fair, and a heart full of love. She is the key; her blood holds the cure to any fatal faery disease. But there are those of old who would take it all for themselves if they knew she has that kind of magic. A potion you must make. A sweet, life-giving elixir. You need blood and feathers of the twin Nephilim. One is a key, the other is the catalyst and holds their power. Add the poison made from a broken heart, and, finally, the tears of a Faerie halfling queen. No magic is more powerful than those three combined.”
My eyes widened. Could he mean Shade was the Faerie halfling queen? That would be too easy. But the other two ingredients, where would we find them?
“But,” Willard continued, “there are those who hunt the catalyst and the key. Only with the key and the catalyst can you truly save all those who hold the land of Faerie intact. You must save them, regardless of what wrong they’ve done, or….” He frowned, scratching the sparse hair on the very top of his head. “Or the Land of Faerie dies.”
“What?” I exclaimed. I shook my head. There was no way Faerie was dying. “Who are the twin Nephilim… the key and catalyst? Why would Faerie be dying? It’s thriving!”
Rowan was on her feet, standing next to the Willard and looking disturbed. Her face was full of shock and tinged with a reddening anger that made her look alarmingly bigger than the poor record keeper. He shrunk away from her, muttering under his breath. She turned to Willard, grabbing his shoulders and shaking them until the old man cowered and whimpered in fear.
“You cannot say. You cannot tell them how to save them. The twins have to die.” Rowan jumped toward him.
“But Faerie dies with them already. She who withers without the cure must pass her crown to the next before she ascends, or Faerie will fall regardless. The twins cannot stop her withering. They are so weak. So weak....” He was on his back, for Rowan had shoved him down with a screeching scream.
“No! They all have to die. If Faerie falls, then so be it!” She kicked him in the stomach, and the poor old man began weeping as he fell to his knees and curled into a ball. 
“Please, Your Majesty, have mercy!”
“Stop!” Benton intercepted her next kick as he came between the two. His sword flickered into flames in front of her, and her eyes widened as she stared hard at the fiery blade. “Hit him again, and I plunge this into your stomach.”
Rowan’s features seem to waver as she stepped back, her nostrils flaring. Moments passed as they stared each other down, both unwilling to move.
“Very well. He finishes answering your remaining questions, but do not ask any more about the catalyst and the key or who hunts them. He cannot tell you.” She spun and sat back down on her settee. This time she didn’t lay back to relax but remained erect, with her arms crossed.
There was nothing like seeing an Ancient of Faerie pissed off.
I wondered what had set her off. Something wasn’t sounding right about all of this, and knowing Benton, I was pretty sure he would finesse his way to the truth. He had the advantage being human and immune to Rowan’s powers. But I was a full-blooded faery. If she tried anything on me, I’d be helpless to do anything about it.
I sighed. Sometimes it sucked being of Faerie.




Chapter Seven




Benton

“All right, old man. Go ahead.” 
I kept my Empyrean blade out, full fire to make an impression on batshit crazy Rowan. All the Ancients were insane. I had thought she was the pretty nutty before, when she could barely speak in comprehensible sentences, but this topped it. She may have appeared more stable, but underneath that mask of beauty and poise, she was just as crazy as Kilara, the Summer Ancient Queen who almost had us killed by rubble when we’d taken the Unseelie palace to save Rowan. How ironic that she would now be threatening the one person who could help us on our mission. Some people were nothing but trouble.
Willard shuffled from side to side, looking increasingly agitated, especially with Rowan fuming at him in the corner. I wanted to move to block her from his vision, but there was no way I was going to turn my back on her royal psychoness.
“Well… um… what did you want to know again?”
Shit, he was losing focus fast. I had to get answers.
“What do the Nephilim have to do with Trey, and where can I find them? I need answers now.”
I saw Rowan shift and pointed my sword toward her chest.
“Move again and I will impale you. You forget I’m human and don’t give a shit about the customs of Faerie.”
She sat back again, and I could feel the daggers she stared into me. 
“Go on.” I motioned to Willard.
“Th—the Nephilim… yes… they are hidden all over the human realm. Most lived alongside them and blend in. They have children, live to old ages, and die. Their descendants still carry their blood but most have lost the ability to fly after living as humans; none remember how to call forth their wings.” He sucked in a ragged breath and began coughing again. Blood splattered from his lips, but he wiped it away as if it was commonplace, shaking where he stood. “But they can call them forth whenever they want to. They all can fly but don’t even know it.”
I nodded but cringed at his agony. He seemed fine with it, but it wasn’t a pretty sight to see. Why would a human get sick in Faerie? There was something much more to all of this than I was being told, and I was pretty sure Rowan wasn’t the only culprit behind it. I kept one eye trained on her and one on the archivist. This was all kinds of wrong. I’d heard humans still aged in Faerie, but it took hundreds if not thousands of years for them to die. Some became immortal, like my sister Shade.
“The key and the catalyst? Where would I find them?” I reminded Willard of my question. He’d already told us so much, but I didn’t want to end up with things half-answered while we had him in our clutches.
“The key… catalyst….” He almost glanced toward Rowan, but I shook my head at him. “The key is a girl, and the catalyst is her twin, a male. Both are descendants of the Nephilim. Only she doesn’t know it. She is being hunted by an Unseelie bounty hunter named Lars even as we speak. He’s been hired by unknown forces to hunt the girl. I don’t know where the boy is. He’s never been seen. If Lars finds her, he will either take her to the person who hired him or kill her. If he kills her, Faerie dies with her. They both must live.”
I shook my head. “How does Faerie fall with of one girl’s demise?” I asked, baffled. “Where is she, and how do I know who she is?”
Willard shook violently, lifting a finger toward me. “You met her once. She is the one with the Sight.”
Immediately, he collapsed and continued to violently shake. His convulsions grew more violent as I bent down and tried to protect his head from bashing into the stone floor. Blood spurted from his mouth, foaming as his breath escaped him. A moment later, his body stilled completely. His chest no longer moved, and none of my healing herbs or potions were working on him, no matter how quickly I administered them.
“Dammit!” I slapped my hand on the ground, jerking my eyes up to find Soap looking solemn. The knowing look on his face told me we both knew who had killed Willard, even though neither of us knew why. It didn’t make any sense.
We turned toward Rowan, who now sat back, relaxed on her settee, picking at her nails as though nothing out of the ordinary had happened.
“Why did you kill him?”
She laughed, tossing back her long mane of wavy blonde hair. She may have been beautiful and flawless, but the spirit underneath was marred and ugly, beyond saving. She was far different from when I’d first met her. I wondered if Kilara had control over her, like she’d wanted in the first place. If she did, Faerie was doomed.
“I didn’t kill him. He’s been sick for a long time with some human ailment that I’m sure is quite common on the other side of the wards. He wanted to die. He told me he did. So I never healed him. He was tired of the isolation and the years without any companions. I just allowed him to follow his fate without any intervention. I only did what he asked.” She stood up and turned her cold blue eyes on us, tired of us already. “Never accuse a queen of Faerie of something you know nothing about.”
I frowned. Her unwillingness to help us was grating on my nerves, but one other thing occupied my thoughts even more. Had Willard been talking about Zena? Did she have a twin she didn’t even know about? 
“Did you hire the bounty hunter?” I wanted to plunge my sword into her chest, whether she was responsible for hurting Willard or not. Someone had to be behind Zena’s family being on the run, and this sounded like a pretty darn good reason. She was Nephilim. Finally, something that explained a lot. I needed Zena, her twin, and Shade to cure Trey. If Rowan hadn’t interrupted us while questioning Willard, I’d be closer to the truth than I was now.
“Me? Silly boy.” She ran a long, slender finger up through her locks and pulled out a tiny flower pin that had been holding back part of her hair. She held it out, smiling sweetly. “I don’t use such dark creatures. I am of the light, not the dark realms. I leave those things to my dear, long lost sister, Kilara. She was always the meddling type. Here.”
She beckoned for me to take the pin.
“What is that?” I refused to budge. I didn’t want to touch anything this woman offered. She was bonkers.
“It’s a gift. Look at it as an apology of sorts. From me. I’m sorry I can’t help you more, but this is all I have to offer.” She stepped closer, her face now hardened into a blank slate, cold, aloof, and stoic.
“I appreciate the gesture, and no offense, Your Majesty, but I wouldn’t take anything you have to offer.”
She halted her approach, blinking her widened eyes at my refusal. “I swear it won’t harm you, Benton.” The way she said my name made me shiver, and not in a good way. “It’ll help you one day, when you’re down and the world has stolen all the light, leaving you in the darkness. I’ve been there, you know. Down in the pit… when your mind won’t allow you back out, and you stay because you don’t think there’s anything more to life than that darkness. Use it in your darkest hour.”
She was now inches from me, and I heard Soap tense up. She had appeared there in flash. She reached out to grasp my hand and pressed the pin into the palm of my hand, her fingers shaking and a single diamond tear flowing down her cheek. “Take it, dear Benton. Save us. You’re our only hope.” She closed her eyes, and as quickly as she had appeared by me, she was gone.
“What the hell was that?”
I shook off the trails of energy clinging to the spots on my hand where she’d touched me. The vibration of her magic felt tainted, impure. I’d met her when she was weak, and her power had never felt anything but white. Bright and unwavering, like the sun flashing in my eyes after a long night hunting, leaving me somewhat dehydrated, hungover from drinking, and overstimulated from fighting. I could feel it screaming for help in the tendrils of dark magic that were now laced through her aura, tightening its grip and strangling her magic. It left a bitter taste in my mouth, and I pushed the remains of it off my aura.
“She’s compromised,” I stated. “I think Rowan isn’t herself, and someone has pulled on the leash tied around her neck.” I held up the flower pin and watched its opalescent color shimmer under the candlelight. It felt light, filled with a power which smelled like spring flowers. Bright and white. Like the Rowan of old. “I think she was using this to reach out through the spell holding her back. She needs our help.”
Soap groaned. “Add her to the list of people in need.” He blew out a breath and studied the massive archive, now unoccupied save for the two of us and Willard’s cooling corpse. “I guess we should alert someone that this place is unguarded and needs a new archivist.”
“I’ll send a message to Ilarial. She’ll know what to do.”
Soap nodded, scratching his chin. “I think this Zena girl is the first person we need to find. Do you have any idea where she could be?”
I nodded, looking up at my comrade and throwing him a wicked grin. “I do. I left her in Vegas. I highly doubt she’s gotten that far with the memory wipe I gave her. In fact, I think the wipe might’ve kept her safer than anything else I could’ve done. She won’t know what or who she is, and that’ll keep mind readers and bounty hunters off her trail for a bit.”
“Let’s hope so.”




Chapter Eight




Rylan

There were so many faces. Hordes of tourists and working artists lined the streets, making the heat of the late summer afternoon seem even more stifling. Dozens and dozens passed us by as Benton and I leaned over the railing and watched the fountains of the Bellagio spray in their intricate dance of chlorinated water, lasers, and coordinated musical masterpieces. I made a face at the smell. Not of the water, but of the sweaty people who kept knocking into me from behind.
“Excuse me,” one drunken tourist managed to slur as he picked himself up after ramming his sticky body into my arm. That was not cool.
“Watch it, man.” Benton took the guy’s shoulders, turned him in the direction of the walkway and pushed him away.
“I’m not positive she’s even here anymore,” I mumbled.
“What?” Benton hollered back at me, scanning the array of people walking by. We’d done this same thing on Fremont Street the day before, and we were still no closer to finding Zena. I wanted to sit still for a bit, but Benton was restless and wanted to keep moving. It was hard holding him down for anything.
Besides, he was trying out a tracking spell on a tiny sterling silver charm he’d gotten from Rachel, Zena’s mother. It was a cheap little necklace that she’d worn when she was a baby, and her mother had refused to discard. It was lucky she hadn’t, or we’d have nothing to help us find her.
“I said I don’t think she’s going to show up here today.”
Benton threw me a wry look, rolling his eyes before turning back to the crowd. He was relentless, I’d give him that. He’d find her if it was the last thing he did, guaranteed. Something about the girl brought a darkness to his eyes when he spoke of her. Something was nagging at him. I wished he would tell me, but there were things even Benton, Mr. Outgoing, kept to himself.
I wasn’t so driven. Well, not lately. I had been. I’d pursued Shade like there was no tomorrow, and when she’d broken it off with me, I’d been devastated. After that, I’d lost something—some sort of gusto I’d had for life. Even the time I’d spent with Brisa, Shade’s best friend, had done nothing to reignite the fire inside me. I hoped it’d return soon. All this hunting for Unseelie wouldn’t last forever, and returning home to the Guildrin court or even the Teleen caverns would be bittersweet without something or someone else to concentrate on.
I was jealous that Benton had Zena to focus on. Perhaps they would become a matched pair. She was perfect for him: a non-faery magical. Nephilim, but still. She was not bound to Faerie, like Sary had been. I knew her deep-seated prejudices had broken his heart, but he’d done well to keep it deep inside and had never shown his disappointment. Maybe focusing on Zena helped.
I had nothing and no one to focus on except this mission. My heart sat in its cold iron cage, sulking. I was miserable, and I had no desire to dwell in it for much longer.
“She’s here.” Benton rubbed the charm furiously until tiny sparks of magic flickered off it like a bonfire reaching toward the sky. No one could see the sparks except me, luckily, or we might have caused a panic. “I can sense her. She’s close.” 
He motioned me toward the south side of the Las Vegas Strip, walking through the dense Saturday crowd of tourists, street performers, and street artists selling their wares. This place was alive like no other city I’d ever tread through. It was like a feral animal, moving, alive. It was also quite obnoxious. I had to snake past several groups taking pictures of the fountains and each other just to keep up with Benton.
He was a fast little git. For a human.
As we weaved through the crowd, I followed a few feet behind, trying to keep an eye out for any redheads. Nothing but normal humans from all walks of life shoved past me. 
Benton crossed the street nowhere near a cross walk, earning him a barrage of blaring car horns as he dashed past the clog of vehicles with distempered drivers already fuming from the thick traffic. 
“Sorry!” I called out to them as I followed behind. All it earned me were glares and a string of curses from the taxi drivers, tourists, and locals alike. Blending into the mash of people was proving difficult when Benton seemed oblivious to the world around him. I had to scurry to catch up to him; he was already on the other side of the road and marching down the sidewalk. Once there, I watched him disappear into one of the many souvenir shops lining the street. 
I entered the store, which looked much larger than it appeared from the outside. I was feeling the scorch of the early summer heat, and I stopped at the counter to ask for a bottle of water. I tossed a dollar onto the counter, unscrewed the cap, and downed the filtered water. It all tasted different in the human world than it did in Faerie, but it would do. I scanned the store and found Benton standing perfectly still, looking like he was studying one particular shot glass, but I knew he was really eyeing a redheaded girl who was folding shirts and stuffing them into stacks on the opposite wall.
Well, well. He’d done it. He’d found Zena. Not too shabby for an elemental human kid.
“Hey, Zena.”
One of the workers approached her and Benton feigned interest in a keychain with I Survived Las Vegas printed on it.
“Yeah?” The girl turned, and I could see her entire face now. Pure redhead. A spray of freckles, green eyes, and all. I lowered my eyes and peered at an assortment of chips but kept my ears tuned to the conversation.
“I’m going to have to send you home. I’m overstaffed this afternoon, and it’s your turn on the rotation.”
“But I need the hours. I went home early two days ago, you know that. If I don’t get my full check, I can’t pay rent at the dumpy studio I’m in!” Her frown creased her otherwise smooth skin. “Send Brenda home. She loves to go home early.”
The boss shook his head. “Sorry, I already asked her first. I know you need the hours, but she said she’s saving up for some trip she’s taking.” He shrugged, looking sympathetic before heading back to the front of the store. Zena cursed under her breath and flipped him a middle finger, not caring who could see. Then she caught Benton watching her she dropped her arm back to her side immediately. 
“What are you looking at?” she snapped, blowing out a breath before turning back to folding shirts into stacks. I held back a snicker as I watched Benton’s confusion. He shook it off and approached her.
“Zena?”
She turned and threw him a sour glare. “Who wants to know?”
“I can help you with that rent problem you got.”
What was he doing? He sounded like he was propositioning her. I shook my head, knowing where this was leading. Not smart. Especially when in Vegas.
“Fuck off. Not interested, pervert.”
I chortled, turning red as I snorted. The guy was as smooth as a cactus with the ladies. I wondered if I should intervene, but it was worth the entertainment factor to watch Benton stumble.
“I’m not talking about that. Geez. You’re a bit different than I last remember.”
At this, Zena stopped what she was doing and turned back to him.
“I don’t know you.”
“Ah, but I know you.”
She shook her head, looking more irritated. “I would remember someone like you.” She squinted her eyelids together, studying him with an intensity that certainly burned through Benton’s guard. I had to give it to him, he stood his ground and lifted his chin as she eyed him from head to toe, determining if he was telling her the truth or not.
“Zena, I’m sorry you don’t remember anything. It’s my fault. I did it to protect you. I have to set things right.”
“You’re insane.” Zena shook her head, paling as she listened to Benton. “You don’t know anything about me. Now get lost before I call security.”
“I met you in Chicago riding the L-train. You freaked out because you can see things, things no one else can.” He pointed to the chain peeking out from the neck hole of her shirt. “The talisman on your necklace helps keep you safe. It keeps the others from seeing you and keeps the monsters from showing up.”
She grasped the lump under the fabric, her eyes widening in horror. “You’ve been following me, haven’t you?” She stepped back, shaking her head. “You—you’re one of them, aren’t you?”
“No… well, not exactly. I won’t hurt you. I’m here to help.” Benton’s words didn’t calm her any, and I was sure she would holler for her manager at any moment.
“You just said I can’t remember anything because of you. How’s that for help? You admit you erased my memory? Is that what you’re saying?” She turned toward the front, scoping out her manager. “You better leave before I scream.”
“Zena, wait.” Benton looked defeated, but as she opened her mouth to call out, he held out his hand and let a tiny flame ignite in the center of his palm.
Zena jumped back, knocking into a display of plastic snow globes and sending them clattering to the ground. Most survived the fall, but a few cracked, sending water and specks of white spraying across the tile floor.
“Shit!” Zena and Benton both swore at the same time and stepped away from the mess.
“They’ll make me pay for that out of my check,” she said.
“What the hell is going on here?” Her manager had returned. He gasped in melodramatic horror as he approached the mess. “Zena, what happened?”
“This jerk here—”
“I’m sorry, I tripped—”
They both stopped midsentence and gawked at one another.
I stepped forward as the manager was about to let them have it. Making sure no one else was watching or within earshot, I pressed a finger to his forehead. “Sleep.” I caught him before he tumbled to the floor. “Quick, fix the mess, Benton. I’ll revive him once he’s behind the counter.”
Zena’s mouth gaped open as she watched me drag her boss behind the long display counter like he weighed nothing. He wasn’t a light man, but it helped that my faery powers made me stronger than a regular human being. Benton managed to hit the spilled mess with a charm and repair the globes, sending them back to their original spots on the shelf.
Zena had yet to move. She was still stunned, her lips slightly parted as she stared at the now intact globes.
“H—how….”
I came back out from behind the counter and motioned toward the manager. “All fixed.” He looked a little dazed but smiled and waved to some tourists who were just entering the store.
“How—?” She was looking more confused than ever. “I need to talk to you both,” she said, regaining some composure. “Wait for me. I need to clock out.” She pivoted and walked briskly toward the back of the store. We watched her disappear behind the rear door, and the thought of her suddenly bolting out the back way did cross my mind. I shook my head. If she wanted to get away, Benton would feel it through the tracking spell on the baby necklace he still held in one of his hands.
“What do you think?” I asked.
Benton sighed. “I think it’s going to be a long day.”
“Can you reverse the mind wipe?”
Benton nodded, but his expression gave me little confidence. “I believe so. I consulted Braelynn, but she said sometimes it doesn’t work. I have to prepare for the reversal to fail, but I’m really holding out for it to work. Zena needs to know everything.”
I agreed as I peered around the large souvenir store. “You left her in quite a pickle from what I’m getting. You owe her a lot for leaving her here without her memories, to fend for herself.”
Benton groaned, closed his eyes, and rubbed his brow. “I know. I owe a lot of people a lot of things. Used to be the other way around, but this is getting ridiculous.”
I chuckled, giving his shoulder a rough pat. “Change is good, my friend. Change is good.”




Chapter Nine




Benton

“Cozy.”
I peered around Zena’s studio apartment as she dropped her bag on the floor by her rumpled bed. She was a slob. The place was full of food wrappers, dirty dishes, and wrinkled clothes. She didn’t seem to care that we were seeing it. She grabbed a soda bottle from the fridge and tried her best to unscrew the top to no avail. Grunting and struggling, she groaned then slammed it down on the tiny table with two chairs before she reached back to slam the fridge door closed.
“This is all your fault.” She pointed at me and paced the room. 
I reached over, snatched up the bottle and cracked it open slowly, letting the fizz seep out before completely pulling off the top. “Here.” I held it out to her. She stopped mid-step and gave it a strange look. Instead of saying thank you, she snatched it from me and downed half the bottle before coming up for air.
“Okay.” She pushed back her wild, dark red locks, which were sticking to the sheen of sweat on her face and neck. “Tell me from the beginning what the hell is going on, who you guys are, and what the hell you know about me.” She pointed to herself with her thumb. “Something happened to me, and I have no idea what it is, but I think”—she jabbed a finger into my arm—“you know exactly what I’m talking about.”
“I mind wiped you.”
Her eyes bugged out. “What’s that mean?”
“It means what you think it means. I erased your memories.”
I waited for my statement to sink in and watched her as she paled. Her rosy pink cheeks lost their color, and she slid down onto one of the old, creaky chairs, placing her soda bottle in front of her. 
“Why would you do that to me?” Her voice was no longer frantic, but came out quiet and forlorn. Her eyes wandered toward me, brilliantly green and shiny with unshed and confused tears. I felt for her. Felt horrible, actually.
“I’m sorry,” I offered. “I did it to save you. You have the Sight and can see strange things like… like creatures who shouldn’t exist and magic others can’t see or feel. You followed me from Chicago to Las Vegas somehow, and you saved me when I fought against a night elf named Cornelius who thought I had a thing for his girlfriend Braelynn. But I don’t, and—”
“Wait!” She held a hand out, looking bewildered. “I followed you? What? Why would I do that? What do you mean I have the Sight? I can’t do magic.”
“You’re right; you’re a human. You don’t have any magic, really. You’re just human, but once in a while, a human is born with special vision and can see the magical world, even though those with magic hide it from humans using magical cloaks called glamours.”
She clutched the stone around her neck, the same one she’d worn when I’d first met her on the L-train back in Chicago. It was her pendant that kept the fey from seeing her unnatural ability and kept their glamours from failing. The sight of the green-tinted rock around her neck made my throat tighten. My uncle Brendan had spoken about these special rocks in his grimoires. They helped these humans with the Sight elude those who would seek to destroy them. He’d wanted to help them before he got too ill to do anything. He’d witnessed one such human murdered for having the Sight. Now Zena was in danger, and I had to help her evade the bounty hunter trying to find her and her mother.
If he got ahold of her, he’d kill her. Or worse, drag her back to the land of Faerie where she’d be made a slave to whoever it was he worked for. I didn’t know which fate was worse, but both were pretty horrendous.
“This stone… it’s magical, isn’t it? What does it do?”
I stepped forward, reaching for the stone she now held up off her chest. The long chain it dangled from was worn, and I could smell iron laced through the silver. Most definitely to ward off faeries. She let me hold it and run my finger over its smooth emerald surface to examine its substance.
I could feel the magic within it vibrating, pulsating to life when my skin passed over it. It responded to my magic, and I could feel it repel it like water on glass. Its magic amplified as I kept ahold of it, and then finally a flicker of glamour covered both of us. She couldn’t see it, but I could. More importantly, no one of faery blood could see it. It was meant to protect her in case someone of Faerie encountered her. It would keep their glamour from sparking or melting away, therefore keeping her safe from seeing them and them from seeing her ability.
Wicked cool.
“Your mother has one like this.”
Her eyes widened to saucers and just about popped out of her head.
“You know my mother? Who is she? Where is she?”
“I’ll take you to her. She’s in hiding because there’s a bounty hunter after both of you. She’s really worried about you.”
Zena’s bright eyes shined with tears, and she blinked them back. “What’s her name?”
My heart went out to her. She had suffered so much since I’d wiped her memories. I hated myself for doing it, and the consequences of such actions were dire, but at the time I didn’t feel I had a choice. I swore to myself I’d never again do a complete mind wipe on another person.
“Let’s sit.” I led her to the tiny couch against the wall next to her nightstand. The place was so tiny, everything touched everything else and kept the place feeling cozy but also cramped. For one person, it’d be fine. Two would be pushing it.
“Her name is Rachel. She’s okay, but mentally, I don’t think she’s been fine for a long time. The stress of running all her life has taken a toll. Now, she might recover when you return to her, but I don’t want you to get your hopes up. She’s not well in the head, and I think she might be more danger to herself than the bounty hunter would be to either of you.”
I watched her swallow and run her fingers through her hair. The circles under her eyes had deepened, and I realized in the dim light of her place that her cheeks weren’t as full as they’d been before, when I’d left her in Vegas. In fact, her hair was now shorter, her skin paler, and she was a lot thinner, probably from working long hours just to pay the rent.
It made me feel like shit, but I had to remember that she had made her own way before I’d erased her memory. So what was so different now?
“Will you take me to her?”
“Of course.” I reached out and placed my hand on hers. Her slender fingers felt cool against my palm. “Just say when and we’ll go.”
She shook her head. “I need to sleep then freshen up. I can’t see her looking like this.”
I wrinkled my nose, wondering what she meant. “What’s wrong?” I straightened. Now that I was touching her, I could tell something was off. “You’re sick.”
“I don’t know what’s going on, but every now and then, I get so damned tired. It’s like my energy runs out, and I have these… blackouts. I don’t know what’s going on. I can’t afford to go to the doctor, so I’ve just been slamming down the caffeine and energy drinks. It doesn’t help much.” She rested her head against the crook of her arm, sighing into it like she was relieved to be home.
“Rylan?” I called out to Soap, who was sitting at the table and staring at the television. He was watching some vampire show which was pretty popular at the time.
“What’s up, bro?” He ripped his eyes from the screen and looked over at us.
“What do you know about enchantment spells meant to weaken a person?”
Soap scratched his head. “You suspect she’s been tampered with by a faery?”
I nodded. At this, Zena bolted up to her feet, her eyes wide again. “What? I don’t remember any faeries following me.”
I reached for my pack and pulled out my sack of dried herbs and a roll filled with little vials of healing potions and other things I might need out on the road. I refilled it when I could, but usually not until I could visit my Pyren back home. Still, with a shrinking spell, I could carry a ton of supplies and not have to replenish my stock for months. I’d rather do that than backtrack for stuff. Some things only grew in Faerie. Other things were natural and available in health food or new age stores.
It was the Faerie stuff I was looking through now, racking my brain for a reversal spell. “I’m not a faery, but Soap is.” I motioned toward Soap, and she backed away toward the door. “Whoa, where are you going?”
“You’re a faery?” She pointed accusingly at Soap, who remained sitting. He knew the drill. If she was scared with him sitting down, she sure as hell would freak out if he stood up and came toward her. I wanted to slap away the amused half-smile hanging on his lips.
“Yes, I’m a faery, but I’m not going to do anything to you.” He eyed me, looking for support. “Benton is human, but he’s also a fire elemental. We’re not going to hurt you. We’re here to help you.”
“How do I know that?” She rushed toward the kitchen counter and yanked a knife out from the drawer. “You said you wiped my memory. How can I trust you?”
I held up a small baggie full of herbs. “Because I’m going to reverse the spell I placed on you. Memory charms and any night elf magical hex will be obliterated.”
“Night elf?” She held out the knife, both hands wrapped around the handle, turning the skin along her finger bones white. 
“Yeah. I suspect a night elf you met right before I wiped your memory has been following you around. Probably trying to get information about me.” I stood up, walked toward the kitchen, and snatched up a bottle of water from the pack she had sitting on the counter. I poured half of it down the drain. “The thing is,” I continued, trying to keep my voice calm despite the knife pointed at me, “when you’ve been mind-wiped by an elemental, dark elven magic won’t be able to retrieve any memories from prior to the wipe. It’s pretty foolproof. He probably tried to get information out of you a few times before he finally gave up and moved on. Hence the blackouts.”
“So if it’s foolproof, how are you going to fix it?”
Zena’s arms lowered. Her anger dwindled as she watched me sprinkle the herbs into the bottle, recap it, and give it a good shake.
“Well, the thing with magic is that it’s always a kind of give and take. The one who placed a charm or curse is the only one who can remove it. Anyone else will most likely fail. So since I am the one who wiped your memory, I can reverse it. I need to amplify my magic to do it and displace the funk the night elf has left on you. You see, when they try to do magic, it always drains away things that are bright and energetic. They are literal energy vampires. So since those effects are really doing a number on you, and you have no magic to recover faster or keep them at bay, I have to remove his taint.”
“I thought only the caster can remove a curse or spell. How are you going to remove what he did to me?”
“He didn’t actually do anything except drain your energy and keep you from remembering your encounters with him. It’s the drain that leaves you feeling like you’ve got a perpetual flu. This will boost your life force and undo the mind wipe.” I held out the water, which had turned a rusty red color. She made a face and turned a slight shade of green.
“Bottoms up, Zena,” Soap snickered, already back to watching the vampire show.
I threw him a look and urged her on. “You have to drink all of it. Try not to taste it. It’ll be better that way. Trust me.”
She shook her head but dropped the knife back onto the counter before snatching the bottle from my grip. “This had better work, or I’m so going to kill the both of you.”
She threw a stink eye toward Soap, who was making a point of ignoring her while picking his teeth. I kind of hoped she would take him out. He needed a pounding once in a while.
“You’ll get your chance to knock us out if you like. Rylan can go first.”
I flashed my teeth at him before returning to the couch, waiting for her to down my concoction. 
She looked hesitant, but I didn’t blame her. I honestly didn’t think she’d do it, the way she was eyeing the fluid. It was amazing we’d gotten this far with her. Humans with the Sight were notoriously suspicious of any faery magic. But my drink was more elemental than faery. The line between magics blurred, so I couldn’t tell her it was just an elemental formula. I wished I could. I would have to come up with a Plan B if she didn’t take the drink. 
If she did, bonus. It would save us tons of time explaining shit to her that she already knew. If she didn’t, it was going to be a long trip back to the Raven Queen’s catacombs.




Chapter Ten




Benton

Zena eyed the bottle, her scowl still pasted on her face. 
“Here goes nothing.” She threw back the drink, swallowing and shuddering at the same time. I hoped she wouldn’t throw the stuff back up. The taste wasn’t one bit pleasant, and I felt for her as she hacked and coughed violently from the slight burn and aftertaste of the formula.
“Here, this should help.” Soap was on his feet and placed a glass of soda in front of her. His appearance made me jump, surprised he’d filled the glass so quickly.
She took the soda and also tossed it back as she turned a violent red. The soda did help, and she eventually relaxed as she downed the rest of the drink. I eyed the empty glass, wondering if he’d added any magic to it. Glancing up at him, I lifted an eyebrow, questioning him.
He shrugged before heading back to the chair he’d been occupying and began to snack on some nuts and dried fruits he’d pulled out of his supply sack. The guy was unusually quiet, and I made a mental note to ask him what was going on later. Now it was more important to see if my potion had worked on Zena’s memory.
“How do you feel?” I asked.
She glared back at me, shaking her head. “Wow. That packs a punch! You could’ve warned me.”
“I’m sorry. If I’d told you it’d be like drinking fiery dragon piss, would you have drunk it?”
She chewed on her lip. “Probably not. Good point.”
“Do you remember anything?”
She tilted her head, scrolling through things in her mind. “I can’t tell. Ask me something I probably would’ve forgotten.”
“Do you remember saving me in the alley against the night elf?”
She inhaled slightly, looking pensive. “The night elf….” She closed her eyes, looking like she was letting her thoughts wash over her anew. “Yes. I remember he almost killed you. I shouted out, and you turned and got him. You—you killed him.” She opened her eyes and looked at me, horrified. “You killed him, didn’t you?”
I nodded, feeling a twinge of guilt for the first time ever. I had never felt bad for killing an uncooperative Unseelie, even despite my encounter with a detective named Hank, who was also a human wizard. He’d asked me to try not to kill Unseelie on human territory since he felt responsible to solve the crimes. It had definitely made me change some of my violent ways. Hank had a point about not leaving a mess in the human world, littering it with Unseelie ash corpses, but sometimes things got crazy.
Everything about Faerie was crazy.
“I do what I have to do to keep the human realm and the Faerie realm safe. There was a war going on, and tons of the Unseelie and Sluagh alike escaped the boundaries of Faerie while the wards were damaged by an Ancient Unseelie King named Arthas and his descendant, Queen Aveta. I’ve had to round up these escapees. They were wreaking havoc across the earth, and I had to either return them to Faerie or fight them to the death.”
She nodded, her eyes full of terror, fear, or just an overwhelming sense of wonder. I wasn’t sure which one it was. I fidgeted and hoped she wasn’t going to have the breakdown I feared was coming. It was a possible side effect of the potion, but she might get lucky and not experience it at all. I crossed my fingers.
“I remember everything now. I remember seeing you on the L-train in Chicago. You were with two women.” She focused back on me and drilled her eyes into me. “Who were those girls?”
“They were my friends. Sary of the Vyn people and Braelynn of the Guildrin clan of faeries. They assisted me on my last mission.”
“Where are they now?” She waited for my answer, and I felt suddenly exposed. It was very unusual for me to speak to anyone about my life and people I know. Sary had been more than just a friend, and I’d wanted more than she could give. The thought of the fiery red-headed princess made my heart ache as I cleared my throat.
“They’re back in Faerie. They have other things they have to do.”
“Let me see your hand, Benton.” Zena reached out, beckoning for my right hand. I gave it to her before remembering what sort of human she was.
Humans with the Sight didn’t necessarily have magic of their own, but that didn’t mean some couldn’t develop powers. She could read palms, something I’d never looked into. And she could sense dangers nearby, like when she’d found me fighting the night elf. I watched as she scrutinized the lines on my palm and wondered to myself just how talented she was. There were human powers that were not of Faerie, and she could have any one of those extrasensory abilities. It was something a faery—or someone like me—would never detect since it wasn’t based on magic, and that was something to fear.
“Your heart is bruised. Your spirit, faltering. There are promises made and promises broken. Your family is burdened, yet you fight to help them, even though it will do no good.”
“Palm reading won’t tell you much.” I gently pulled away, knowing she was done. “It’s not going to let you know much more beyond that.”
“It can tell me enough. I am also an empath. I could feel your emotions heighten when I read your palm. It’s how I make some side money to pay the rent.”
“You’re pretty good. Maybe you should see what Rylan’s palm says.”
We both looked over at Rylan, who was staring at Zena with cool, emerald eyes. “Faeries are notoriously hard to read, but if you want to, I’ll let you try.”
Zena nodded, and we traded places. As she took Soap’s hand into hers, I noticed her intensity as she read his palm. She was different from any human I’d ever met, and it left me unbalanced. I wasn’t sure if I was enamored of her or wanted to run out that door faster than I’d ever run in my life. She was an oddity of nature in more ways than one. A beautiful and unique oddity. There were things about her that vividly emblazoned themselves in my head, yet she was still broken and missing pieces I so desperately wanted to help her replace. 
One by one, I wanted to fill the holes with something more than either of us was capable of in this space and time. Maybe together, we could heal our fractured souls and move on with our lives. Something told me she was capable of such a feat. Hers was a life in the throes of destiny, much more important than mine. It was no wonder a bounty hunter was searching for her at this very minute, ready to end her short life before she fulfilled her purpose. I wouldn’t let that happen, even if it killed me.
After a few moments of silence, she peered up into Soap’s eyes, tears glistening with a furious sorrow.
“Your heart bleeds for someone you can never have, but your life will lead you far from her, even when she cries to have you at her side. Your destiny is uncertain, and there will be more pain before it’s all over. Great loss… and blood. Your past will collide with your future before it ends, but if you can hold on, the end will be all you ever wished for.”
Soap gaped, horrified at her prediction. It was not what he’d expected, but he didn’t pull away from her. Instead, he closed his mouth and leaned forward, looking deep into Zena’s eyes. “Is it the truth?”
She nodded.
“I know. My heart has already bled dry for her, but she does not love me. I believe there will never be another after her. She’s made sure of it.” He slipped his hand out of hers, got to his feet and headed for the door.
When it had clicked softly behind him, I peered over at Zena, gulping down my apprehension. “What was that about?” I asked.
She shrugged and shook her head. “Beats me.”




Chapter Eleven




Soap

I wanted to smash something. Anything would do. The girl Zena was right with all her predictions. She’d been talking about Shade. How little did she know how right everything she’d said had been. Just thinking about my beautiful Shade made my blood boil and my chest ache. I missed her embrace. Now she belonged to another, and there was nothing I could do about it no matter how hard I tried. 
“Dammit!” A couple near me jumped, and I swiftly apologized as they hurried across the street to avoid me.
“Sorry,” I offered, but the couple was already at the far curb, skirting away from me as quickly as they could.
I frowned, slumping my shoulders and exhaling while I scanned the streets of the northern end of Las Vegas Boulevard. It was a more run-down area, unkempt and dirty. Papers, leaves, and debris clogged up the drains along the edges of the road. The place felt eerily forgotten, and a shiver ran up my spine as I looked about.
Something felt off, but I couldn’t place a finger on what.
How do people live here? I thought. The weather was harsh, dry, and unbearable most of the summer, and I did my best to avoid the city as much as I could, but we always ended up there one way or another. I’d even started thinking that Benton liked Las Vegas. Maybe it was because of Zena, but I’d never asked him. Maybe he just wanted to make things right. 
I, on the other hand, knew things would never be right ever again. Not with Shade, or Aluse and Trey, or even Zena and Rachel. No one was ever the same when it came to magic. Even I had not been left unscathed. I wished I could help the ones that needed it and save myself as well.
“Excuse me.” A deep, resonating voice reached for me from behind, and I turned toward the voice. Before I could find the source, I felt something crack into my skull, and the world turned black.

***

“You shouldn’t have brought him here.”
“What choice did I have? He’s with that other guy, the elemental scum who killed Ralis. We have to get back at him. I needed some bait.”
“What if the other guy doesn’t come?”
There was a pregnant pause, and I felt eyes on me. 
“Oh, he’ll come. These two are chums. I bet my magic he’ll show up sooner or later. He’s probably tracking his pal as we speak, so be alert.”
“You had to bring him here? Regal is going to be pissed you compromised our position. What if the light elves find us?”
The one I assumed was my attacker didn’t say anything, probably realizing his error. Benton would be able to track me anywhere, even if we were back in Faerie. He may not be fey, but he was just as powerful as one of us, if not more so. His human side tended to be immune to most of the tricks my kind dealt out. 
These guys were about to find that out.
I blinked, adjusting my eyes to the dim firelight flickering in the chimney against the wall. A night elf squatted next to it, stoking the fire and moving the coals around. Another was sitting on a worn-out, threadbare couch against wall. I was on the hard wooden floor atop a pile of old, flattened potato sacks with my wrists tied and my ankles secured with twine. I could probably get rid of it if it was regular rope, but it wasn’t. Surely these dark elves had laced them with their own brand of magic.
I discovered quickly that these night elves weren’t as stupid as they looked when igniting the twine failed to burn through it. Now that escape was out of the question, I had to find out why these elves needed Benton. They certainly didn’t care about me at all, or I would be dead. I tested my restraints again, hoping I could loosen them, but they were awfully snug and didn’t have any slack to them. Great. How to get out of this pickle?
“He’s awake.”
I glared at my captors as one of them approached and kneeled near me. Not close enough to grab and strangle with my arms, but I could clearly see his pointy ears and pitch black eyes as he blinked down at me. No pupils, just big, black bug eyes that overwhelmed their faces, ugly as could be.
“What’s your name?”
“What do you care?” I got a smack in on the face for that response, but I refocused and returned my gaze to the night elf, flaring my nostrils out hard while waiting for him to get on with it.
“You will answer my questions or suffer the consequences, half-blood,” he snickered, knowing the derogatory term would probably upset me.
Too bad he didn’t know the word had no effect. Not anymore. Halfling, half-blood… there were several terms used for people like me, and none of them did a thing. I’d heard them all before. And he had something else coming if he thought I was afraid of pain and torture. I’d endured more at the hands of more brilliant adversaries, and he was as pathetic as they came.
“What are you called?” he asked.
I refused to answer, and it bought me a swift kick to the ribs. I gasped, squeezing my eyes shut as my lungs seized. I’d heard one of my bones snap, but I breathed through the pain and opened my eyelids to cut my gaze into him with surgical precision. He didn’t like that one bit.
“You’ll talk, half-blood, especially when your friend falls right into our hands. If you want any chance to save him, you’ll talk.”
He walked away and stoked at the fire once more before settling into a nearby chair and opening a book. He flipped to a dog-eared page where he resumed his reading, engrossed to the point of ignoring all else in the room.
A reading night elf. Who knew? It was amusing to say the least. I shimmied my body into a sitting position, which was much harder than one would think it would be since my wrists and ankles were wrapped taut with twine. When I had finally managed to wiggle upright, I gave the room a once-over and peered at my captives. 
Where the hell was I? It looked like some sort of abandoned warehouse, but the night elves had made a few alterations. The sun had not yet set; I could see that thanks to a narrow window high up near the ceiling. I couldn’t have been out for too long, so it wouldn’t be far from Zena’s seedy apartment. I was definitely not in Faerie. The place lacked magic, and it got me wondering why dark faeries like these elves would shack up in a rundown old building. Their kind was not Seelie or Unseelie. They had their own laws governing them in Faerie, and most of them were lacking, in my opinion. The elves were the oldest creatures of magic, save for the Ancients, but neither cared much for the other. In fact, I believed the Ancients did not care what the elves did as long as they stayed out of each other’s way.
That was difficult to do lately, considering the Ancients roamed the earth once more, for the first time in centuries. Three of the four were awake and meddling in things they should leave alone. It was only a matter of time before the elves ran into them again.
“What do you want?” I demanded, my voice sounding alien and dry. Had I been knocked out for hours? Maybe more time had passed than I’d realized, and it was now a new day. Maybe we weren’t still in Vegas after all.
“You’ll see. All in good time.”
“That doesn’t tell me much.”
“It’s all on a need to know basis, and you don’t need to know.”
How cute. The dude was being a real arse. I sighed, reaching up to feel the swelling on my left cheek. The guy was a righty, that’s all it told me. I was betting he was a sore loser too.
“You’re that dude that Benton beat the shit out of in a Las Vegas alley, right? Cornelius?” 
This got the night elf’s attention, but he held back and refused to move from his spot next to the cozy fire. Instead, he turned the page of his pathetic book. It probably wasn’t that great. It was the first page he’d turned in minutes.
“Benton would be wise to abstain from spreading lies.”
“He doesn’t lie.”
“He’s a human.”
The guy looked like he didn’t believe me.
“Right. He may be human, but at least he has some integrity. He has no reason to lie to me and wouldn’t.”
Cornelius snickered and leaned forward, rolling his eyes before staring into the flames. “I trust no one. Not even faeries like you.”
“It must be a lonely existence, then,” I muttered, leaning my head against the cold, hard wall. My body protested from lying on the hard ground for an unknown amount of time and begged to stretch. I was tethered to the ground, the magical twine knotted expertly and tied to a round hook buried deep into the cement. Dark brown stains peppered the ground, and a foul smell rose from the cement, tainting the air with a faint, irony taste. This place had been used before. My captors were adept at this kind of thing and probably enjoyed the violence a bit too much for my liking.
It gave me little comfort as I waited for Benton to show up so they could get what they wanted from him and then probably kill us both.
Let them try, I thought. Just let them try.




Chapter Twelve




Benton

“Your friend is a bit jumpy, eh?” Zena scoffed, sliding down into the chair and propping her legs up on the table.
I leaned forward, ran my fingers through my hair, and then rubbed the day-old stubble on my chin. It was going to be days if not weeks before I returned home and got to lie down in my own bed, let alone shave. Though I was used to my life on the road, roving about the world and doing my duty to my sister’s royal court, it got old fast. 
“Did you hear me at all?”
I peered up at Zena and found her picking her short nails, raising an eyebrow at me. Her relaxed demeanor was in sharp contrast to her nervous panic from earlier. I wondered if she knew how different she acted now that Soap wasn’t around.
“Yeah, he’s a bit jumpy. It’s been a hell of a long week already, and it’s not even close to being done with.” I sat up, breathing out and stretching. Staying put was making me tired. I needed to get moving, or I’d surely pass out from sheer exhaustion. Fatigue was best ignored, or it could overcome one’s willpower. I had to keep moving to hold it at bay.
“Well, it was a bit rude of him to leave like that.”
I stood, grabbed my bag of supplies from the table, and strapped it at my waist.
“Where you going?” Zena jumped to her feet as I got ready, back to her jittery self. 
“I’m going to see what Soap is up to. Honestly, I’ve never seen him so unhinged. He’s usually very comfortable talking to women. But you….” I stopped and stared at her, taking in her deep maroon hair and soft, fair skin. The spray of freckles across her nose was enticing to say the least. She was pretty, in a non-faery way. I was oddly attracted to her, and contrary to what I’d said about going after Soap, I wanted to stay and get to know her even more.
“‘But me’ what?”
“Excuse me?” 
“You said your friend, what’s his name, Soap…? That he’s comfortable talking to women? What does that mean?”
“Oh.” I scratched the back of my head, at a loss for words. “Well, he’s rather charming with the girls.”
“More than you are?”
Zena jumped to her feet and stepped closer, and I could feel the heat of her slender body as it neared mine. It sent sparks shooting through me, and I could barely breathe. “I’m not a faery. I’m not into tricking the ladies with spells or stuff like that. I’d rather a girl like me for me, not because of some love trick.”
“Love sometimes is a trick.”
“Who told you that?” I tilted my head, studying her intensely. This girl was far different from any I’d ever met.  
She shrugged. “It just seems like something that couldn’t work without a bit of magic. I really wouldn’t know.”
“You’ve never been in love?” I asked.
She shook her head and plopped down in the chair across from me again. 
“No. Have you?”
It was my turn to shrug. This conversation brought thoughts of Sary to the forefront. I tried not to think of her; it was too easy for her to affect my thoughts and even my mood. It was better to compartmentalize my life, otherwise it got too complicated to deal with, and lord knows I had way too much on my plate to deal with at the moment. 
“Love makes life complicated,” I muttered, stretching out my arms like a cat and yawning.
“It doesn’t have to be complicated.” Zena said. I wondered what she was getting at and tilted my head at her, curious to see what she was thinking.
Apparently, her restored memories were having some sort of effect on her. With hooded eyes and parted lips, she stared at me with a most curious expression. If I hadn’t known better, I would have thought Soap had dropped a love spell on her before he’d abruptly left. But why would the bastard do that?
“Zena?”
“Yes?”
She leaned closer, our knees bumping as I gulped back the rising desire inside me. Dammit if I wasn’t attracted to her. Soap knew how she’d occupied my thoughts since I’d left her in Vegas, mind wiped, alone, and vulnerable. He was the only one who knew how often she had been a concern of mine, but to take it as far as to place a love spell on her was just too much. I was going to smash his head into the wall the next time I saw him. He deserved the beating I was going to deliver to him, knuckle to lips.
“What you feel right now… it’s not real. You know that, right?”
She was taken aback, pulling away from me with a devastatingly confused expression I wished I could wipe off her face. She was more beautiful in that moment than I had ever seen her before. Her emotions were there, raw and vulnerable. My heart sank as I realized that this was not a love spell. Soap had not tampered with this girl at all. Her feelings were real, more real than I knew what to do with.
I shook my head. No. Soap had to have had a hand in this. No one falls in love with me that easily.
“You’re mighty presumptuous, aren’t you? You don’t even know what’s real and what isn’t anymore.” Zena’s voice dripped of hurt and anger, turning her pretty freckled face a violent red.
“Zena, I’m sorry. I didn’t know. I just thought—”
“You thought wrong. For a warlock, you’re terrible at reading people.”
“Now, wait a minute. That’s far from true.” I wasn’t making the situation any better by talking, and I told myself to shut up already. I was afraid I’d caused irreparable damage as it was. I had done myself no favors by mind wiping her in the first place. 
“You have something against the magically inclined?” I asked.
My suspicions grew the longer I stared at her. She was fascinated with me for some reason, like she was staring at something she’d been told to avoid all her life because it was dangerous, but the pull to touch it was just too much. I was that forbidden fruit. Maybe Soap was too.
“My mother told me to stay away from all supernaturals at all costs. I grew up running from beings like you and Soap.” She sighed, leaning back in her chair, the fatigue from the long day beginning to take its toll. She worked normal jobs to get by. I never could do that. I got by with magical tricks to fake money and buy the things I needed. I didn’t need a studio apartment like this; the cement floors of warehouses and the grasses of local parks were my beds at night. I doubted I could ever conform to a normal life, ever. The closest I got to it was my house at the edge of Portland, surrounded by wilderness that met the borders of Faerie. 
Magic was my entire life.
“So why did you let us into your life now?” I asked. My lingering gaze made her blush, and I liked the vivid pink blossoming across her skin. Her freckles turned vibrant against it, and her eyes turned a more brilliant hazel green. Flecks of brown interrupted the green of her irises, but like her freckles, they were far from an imperfection; they made her even more beautiful. I could drown in those eyes forever. That thought caused me to clear my throat, lean away, and break eye contact.
“No matter how hard I try to avoid your kind and the faeries,” she said, also looking away, “there is no escaping it. My mother had it all wrong. We shouldn’t be running away from the magical world. We should embrace it, learn to not fear it, see what makes you all tick, and not run away every time we see one of you coming around the corner. I’m done running. That was my mother’s way to cope. I can’t do it anymore.”
I nodded my agreement. I wanted to encourage her in this train of thought. “You’re right. You shouldn’t avoid the fey or other supernaturals. Your fate is intertwined with those of magic, and I don’t think there’s any escaping it. From the moment I laid eyes on you, you and magic were always one. Especially since you wear a stone around your neck that one of my ancestors helped create to protect your kind.” I pointed to her chest. The gleaming, jade-like stone glowed brilliant in the dim light spilling though the ragged curtains blocking the bright late afternoon sunlight outside. 
She gasped, clasping the pendant in her fingers and giving it a good squeeze. “How can you tell it was made with magic? Who is this ancestor of yours? How would you know all that?” 
Her flurry of questions made me smile. I was eager to tell her all about my great, great, great uncle Brendan. I’d never shared much of the story with anyone else. Not even Shade or my siblings, who were far too busy to read the grimoires and study our past like I had. Maybe one day they would, but for now, the idea of telling Zena things that only I knew felt as intimate as anything else we might do.
 “Ever since the day I met you on the L-train in Chicago, I knew you were different from others.”
She looked away, pain piercing her features. “You don’t even know me. I could be a horrible person.”
I gave her a wry smirk, shaking my head. “I doubt that.” 
She waited for me to say more, but I honestly didn’t know what else to say. She’d suddenly made me feel doubtful, nervous. Perhaps I’d wait for a better time to tell her about my family history.
“I noticed you too that day on the train,” she said quietly. “You and those girls. Who were they again?”
“Braelynn and Sary.”
“Are you close to them? I mean….” She wrung her hands, looking more nervous than I’d ever seen her. “I mean, are you with one of them?”
I watched her closely, wondering if I was hearing her correctly. Was she jealous? Why would she be? There was no reason for her to be. Sary and I… well, we were over. It was apparent I wasn’t good enough for her love, and that was that. But this girl? She was human like me and knew about the magical world. Maybe there was a chance she and I could be something more. Maybe. 
“No. I’m not with either of them.”
Her face flashed from confusion to elation in a split second, and I hoped that meant she knew now that I was an available man. Not that I was looking. I wasn’t, was I? It was just a nice thought, and a beautiful girl in my life wouldn’t be unwelcome.
“Oh,” was all she managed to say. It made me smile to myself. Well, at least I knew she must like me a bit, right? This could get interesting.
“Look, I’m just going to see what Soap has gotten himself into. I’ll be right back, okay? We can talk more when I return… if you want to.”
She bobbed her head up and down, looking sad yet wide-eyed. I wanted to kiss her in that one moment more than I ever had before. Restraining my urges was something I wasn’t used to doing, but after what had happened with Sary, I didn’t want to screw things up.
First, business had to be taken care of. I had to find Soap so we could talk about our mission. We had to get back to the Raven court, and if we were lucky, we’d make it back by the next afternoon.
“Okay, then,” Zena said, still achingly beautiful as she gazed at me. “See you in just a bit.”




Chapter Thirteen




Soap

Somewhere between hours two or three, I’d given up on Benton. I wasn’t a patient kind of guy at all. He was probably having a little too much fun with Zena. The bastard probably didn’t care that I hadn’t returned and was getting pathetically lost in Zena’s pretty hazel eyes.
Damn. He was such a player, always finding the girl more important than the mission. Some partner.
Traitor.
I sighed and leaned against the hard stone wall. My back ached, and my immobile wrists and ankles made it hard to find a comfortable position. I was used to sleeping anywhere while traveling with Benton, but this was ridiculous. I wished I was somewhere with a nice soft bed for once. Like back at the Scren Palace. At least Shade was there.
Thinking of her bothered me. I should have been over her by now, but thoughts of the girl were flying back into my head with increasing frequency. The problem with love and faeries is that most fey men only ever take one mate. We love for a lifetime because we’re meant to fall in love with another immortal faery, not a human. But now that Shade was married to Dylan, I felt like I had an empty chasm within my soul. I was supposed to love her forever. I had given her my heart unwittingly, thinking she would always return to care for it, but she hadn’t, and I was left inevitably still in love with her. Unrequited love is the worst kind, and I wished I could just rip out my heart and put it away until the pain ceased and I could possibly love another.
At least thoughts of her helped pass the time. Cornelius had his book reading and his soldiers had their guard duty. I had nothing to do but think. It was a dangerous thing; my mind can too easily get lost in what might be or what should have been.
A polyamorous relationship was another solution to this problem of Shade and me, but I hated to think it could be the only one. I didn’t want to share Shade with anyone. Hell, that’d all depend if she’d even agree to it in the first place. Dylan was her husband already, and that was that. Though it wasn’t uncommon for a queen of Faerie to take on more than one husband, a practice extremely common in the Teleen Faerie clan due to their lack of females, it was less common for male kings of Faerie to take on multiple wives due to the fact that faerie hearts will normally cling to just one other person. 
But Shade was not all faery. She was part human and could hold more than one love in the vastness of her heart. It was possible, wasn’t it? For her to love more than one man at one time, it could work, couldn’t it?
I shook these ridiculous thoughts out of my head and tried to focus on the situation at hand. There had to be a way out of this. The night elves weren’t kidding when they said they were setting up a trap for Benton. How he’d pissed them off so badly was beyond me, but I think him killing one of their friends was a huge part of that. The leader continued to read his book by the fireplace and let his comrades set up booby traps for Benton to fall into. They were placing little orbs that would explode on contact. I was starting to get fidgety, watching them set it all up. If I didn’t do something now to keep Benton from blundering into one of these lethal traps, he’d be dead in a flash. I needed to do it quickly. 
Staring down at the twine around my wrists for the thousandth time, I wiggled my wrists some more. I wished glamour would make my bones smaller… wait! I could totally do that. I groaned at my stupidity. It’d been so long since I’d morphed into a person or creature smaller than me, I’d grown too accustomed to my full-size faery form. Shade had the same magic, but hers was more of a complete transformation. Mine was more of a glamour, but it did affect my size sometimes, especially if I morphed into something really small, like a butterfly, to fly the hell out of there.
But I couldn’t just leave. I had to find out why they wanted Benton in the first place, or they’d continue to try and trap my friend. I settled back down when one of the night elves glanced my way. I knew I wouldn’t be leaving before Benton’s arrival. I’d have to either talk my way out of this one or break out and find Benton before one of those explosive orbs got him.
I groaned. Benton was complicating my life in ways I didn’t need. The price for friendship was harsh.
“So, what’s up with all the fireworks?” I said. “Benton must’ve seriously pissed you all off.” I had stated the obvious, hoping to draw Cornelius into my conversation. It was worth a try. 
Cornelius lowered his book. A dark, angry look on his face made it known that I’d interrupted his solace, and he wasn’t the least happy about it. I didn’t care. The guy could throw a fit about it if he wanted to. My job was to squeeze any kind of information I could out of the freak; there had to be something I could use against him. Suave words were more of Benton’s forte, but I could charm the pants off of any girl, so why not try to finagle my way out of this hot mess first?
“What makes you think Benton pissed me off?” Cornelius leaned forward, dangling his book from his fingers as he shot a glare my way. I could tell my interruption was unwanted, and if I didn’t say the right thing fast, I was going to pay for it dearly.
I shrugged. “I guess it’s because I wouldn’t put so much effort in baiting a guy and then blasting him to bits without so much as a conversation first. What’d he do? Steal your girl? Eat the last bonbon? What?”
His eyes darkened as his tight frown twitched at my words. I had to admit his glare dug into me like a knife, but I refused to flinch. I’d seen worse things in my life, and his pathetic attempt at intimidation was not going to work out the way he wanted it to.
“I’m not going to blow him up. Like you said, I just want to chat first. If he meets a trap first, so be it.”
I nodded toward the orbs littering the entrance to the large room. “Well, then your guys have it all wrong. Those orbs are going to explode the moment someone walks through that door. You might have them tone it down a bit if you really want to converse with my ol’ pal. He might not be one for many words after an attempt on his life like that.” I chuckled, trying to lighten the mood as I crossed my legs Indian style and leaned forward. “So what exactly are you two going to talk about?”
“I don’t think it’s any of your concern, half-blood.”
“Oh, geez.” I rolled my eyes, making it more than apparent. “Enough with the insults. I thought your kind were far more advanced than that.” I crunched my eyebrows together, feigning severe disappointment. “I have you know my friend is an elemental warlock and can probably incinerate you with one flick of a finger. If I were you, I’d be scared witless that he’s coming for me. And don’t you worry about your silly bombs; he’ll disarm them in a jiffy. He’s not the kind of guy who’s opposed to some collateral damage, so don’t think for one second he cares what happens to me if they go off.”
Cornelius sat pensively for a moment before leaning forward once more and placing his book on a small table next to his chair, dog-earing the page he was on. That alone made me grimace. I hated people defacing books. That was just wrong on so many levels. I wondered briefly what book it was. I hadn’t read a book in ages, but I wouldn’t mind getting a good recommendation or two. Faeries live a pretty long time, and occasionally we sit down and read a book to waste some time.
“I’m serious, though. Benton’s not going to be too happy when he finds out what you’re up to.”
He rolled his eyes, flipping the book back open, determining my words were not worth another moment’s thought. He dramatically dove back into his novel, holding it up, close to his face.
Dammit. It was worth a try.
Think. Think. Think. 
I peered around the room, taking in everything and everyone. There had to be a solution. Something I hadn’t seen before. If only Shade was there, she could communicate with Benton and warn him to stay away or find some other manner of dealing with Cornelius. Braelynn and Sary wouldn’t be a bad alternative either. The girls were wickedly smart and could bend us out of any situation. It was times like these I missed the girls madly and wished we were still traversing the land of Faerie together, like it used to be.
But things never stay the same in the land of Faerie. Magic corrupts everyone and everything absolutely.
I closed my eyes, mentally sending Shade a warning in the hope it might catch the wind and get to her. The chances of that were next to nil. I hated to admit defeat, but I had to stick this out and see if I could save my friend.
“Half-blood.” Cornelius snickered in my direction, waving me down out of my head. I’d caught his attention, and he couldn’t concentrate on his book any longer. He tossed it aside and leaned back. Ripping him out of his solace was payment enough for me. “You say you know this Benton well, right?”
“Yes.”
“Do you know the sorceress Braelynn?”
I nodded. “Yes. I’ve worked with her before.” I fidgeted, wondering what he was up to. Giving him too much information could be fatal, but I had to keep him talking. I could find out things about him and his operation that might be helpful.
“Tell me, did she and Benton ever have a… thing?” He had to force the question out, and he cleared his throat as he leaned forward, invested in my response. 
“Braelynn interested in Benton?” I laughed. “No way. He was involved with another chick from Faerie named Sary, but those two? They were just friends.”
Cornelius’s face lit up, and I almost shuddered to see him happy. What was it about Braelynn that so interested him?
“You’re telling the truth? If not, I’ll make you pay dearly for your lies.”
“Of course I’m telling the truth. I’m fey. Like you, I can’t lie.”
“True. But you know how to manipulate words. What if you aren’t quite telling me the truth?”
“I have no reason to try and get around it, even though you are keeping me captive. Look, Benton’s my friend, and he has his eye on some human girl right now. I think that after what happened with the faerie chick, he’s not thinking of bedding any girl from Faerie ever again. Honest.”
“Good to know.” The night elf sat back, lost in his thoughts and tapping his fingers together with a menacing look masking his thoughts. “Is it the girl Zena?”
My stomach dropped. “What if it was?” It was my turn to ask questions. “What’s Braelynn have to do with a guy like you anyway?” I snapped. I didn’t want this elf to beat me at my own game and desperately tried to redirect the conversation away from the subject of Zena. Hadn’t Benton mentioned she’d been drained by a night elf? Was it Cornelius? Why would he want to drain a human of power? She was nothing special, short of being cursed with the Sight.
The night elf shot me an acidic, conspiratorial glare. A smirk deepening the creases of his face. “It wouldn’t concern you.”
I narrowed my eyes at him, wondering what his problem was. “You’ve been draining the girl, haven’t you? Why?”
“That is of no consequence to you.”
“If Benton or Zena are involved, it has everything to do with me.”
“You are nothing but a stray half-blood. Stay out of our business.”
“But you’re all up in mine.”
“Shut up!” Cornelius jumped to his feet and approached me, hand in the air, ready to strike. His nostrils flared in and out, and his face grew crimson, making him look like a smashed pomegranate.
“You need Braelynn. That’s it, isn’t it? You need her to cure you, but you drain the human girl for energy in the meantime. Why her?”
Cornelius’s hand fell to his side, but his anger didn’t dissipate quite yet.
“That girl, Zena. She’s not just human. She’s… other.”
I shook my head. I would have known that. She had the Sight and could read palms, but that was it. “You’re crazy.”
“Am I?”
“If Braelynn won’t help you, I’m sure it’s because you’re an idiot. You made this whole mess yourself. If anyone is to blame for why you need to be draining people, it’s you.”
“What do you know about it?”
I shook my head in disbelief. “I know enough. What… do you love her or something?”
He approached once more, and I tried not to flinch as I caught sight of his leg, moving at top speed. It met my stomach with a short, quick snap of a kick. Grunting, I curled up, feeling the pain rush up my insides and pushing against my snapped rib. Gasping to breathe, I stayed as silent as I could, not wanting to give Cornelius the satisfaction.
“There’s no use asking me anything more, half-blood.”
That word again. Now I knew how Shade felt when others called her that. I clenched my teeth and breathed through the pain. As it slowly ebbed away, I shifted back into a sitting position. The night elf was already sitting again and reading his book, like he hadn’t just buried his boot in my belly. I wanted to ram his shoe so far up his arse he wouldn’t be able to walk for weeks. 
“She cursed you, didn’t she? That’s why you have to drain girls you think are others or special. You could just wither, you know, and save the world a lot of problems. Just die.”
Controlling my inner thoughts was harder than shutting my mouth.
Cornelius leaned back, hand on his chin as he stared hard into the fire. I’d gotten to him, anyone could see that. Braelynn, that saint of a woman, had cursed him with some energy drain. He now had to drain others to stay alive. What a pity. I almost felt sorry for the bastard, but I couldn’t say he didn’t deserve it. Braelynn never did anything without good reason.
Now if only I could get myself free.
Come on Benton, do me a favor and smash this guy to smithereens already.




Chapter Fourteen




Benton

Scanning the streets of Las Vegas, I saw no trace of my friend. The sunset was still brilliant, even though the sun’s direct glare was past the western mountains. White streaky clouds covered part of the gunmetal sky, turning a dull gold color as they stretched toward the dying light beyond the peaks of mountains. The shadows were long, the streets in shadows, and a touch of a chill was in the air. 
Subconsciously warming my skin with my inner fire, I continued to search for Soap as I crossed the street and swept my eyes across the cracked asphalt and peeling paint jobs of the cheap motels lining the northern end of Las Vegas Boulevard. Unsavory characters of all sorts popped in and out of alleyways and doorways, peeking about and jutting their bloodshot eyes at me, lingering just long enough to cause me concern. The human world was getting just as uncomfortable as the Faerie world. Somehow I didn’t feel like I belonged in either one.
“Come on, Soap, where did you get off to?” I mumbled. 
I couldn’t sense his magic anywhere nearby. Feeling eyes on me again, I swerved around but barely caught site of another junkie ducking behind a garbage dumpster. Shaking my head, I swept an invisibility glamour over myself before reaching into my bag of tricks and pulling out a small beaker of blue fluid. 
It was a tracking spell similar to the one Braelynn had cast on the small Elvis statue Ferdinand had given us to find Lorell over a month ago, but it was my own formula since I didn’t have anything of Soap’s to track him with. I poured it out into a circle surrounding me, splashing it on my shoes, emptying the bottle.
Whispering the words needed to complete the spell, I focused my mind on my friend, the things I found familiar about him: the way he spoke with his vaguely Irish accent, his quirks. I had to concentrate hard on the face of whoever I was tracking, or I wouldn’t be able to find them. Once I honed in on them, their image was replaced with the location where I could find them.
Squeezing my eyes shut until the stars spraying across my vision disappeared, I found myself inside a large room that initially reminded me of a warehouse. I turned in place, finding a fireplace on one side where the night elf I’d fought before I’d mind wiped Zena was sitting comfortably, flipping through a book. He appeared bored and skipped over some pages before he resumed reading. Across the way from him was Soap, anchored to the ground by layers of thin rope.
“Oh, Soap. What did you get yourself into?”
I refocused on the night elf, whose name returned to me as Cornelius, and wondered what he wanted with my friend. It didn’t take but a split second for me to realize that Soap wasn’t the intended target at all. It was all too easy to figure that one out. 
He didn’t want Soap. He wanted me. Too bad he didn’t know I could see right through his trap, including all the nice firebombs he’d littered about in an obviously amateurish attempt to blow me up had I walked in there blind. But I wasn’t that stupid. Neither was Cornelius. He’d been a formidable foe when we’d last fought. Why would he be so clumsy?
I snickered and mentally walked right past the firebomb orbs to the outside. I needed to see where this place was located so I could find it. The world had darkened, and I strained my eyes to read the street names and the number spray-painted three feet tall on the side of each warehouse wall. So it was a warehouse… with a fireplace? The elf must have magically created it to make the place feel more comfortable.
My magic was fading as the blue homing water evaporated, but it had lasted long enough for me to capture the address of this hideout. 
So Cornelius wanted to see me. I couldn’t wait to find out why.




Chapter Fifteen




Soap

I awoke with a start, surrounded by feet slamming on the ground and explosions rocking the warehouse. My first thought was that Benton had walked into their bomb orbs, and a panic overtook me as I tried to get to my feet, but the shortened ropes kept me on my knees. Struggling, I peered through the smoke surrounding the entrance to the warehouse and prayed I didn’t find my friend in a million tiny pieces.
Instead, I saw night elf bodies scattered on the floor, knocked out from the concussive force of the blasts. Cornelius ran toward the source of the explosions to find his friends sprawled on the floor, all still alive and breathing. This did nothing to comfort him, and he drew out an obsidian sword with a carved, wavy blade. 
“Come to rescue the damsel in distress?” he called out.
I lifted my eyebrow at him, producing a frown in return. I wasn’t really a damsel and definitely wasn’t in much distress, but I was glad to see that Benton had seen through the trap and hadn’t gotten himself blown up.
“Yeah, Soap’s definitely a damsel, all right. Sorry, he’s not my type, and while I’m flattered, I don’t swing that way.” Benton held out his Empyrean blade, which was lit, with flames licking at its shiny surface without burning him at all. I always did get a kick out of that sword, and it never failed to impress me how easily it could reduce a person to a pile of ash.
Cornelius snickered. “You’ve come at last.” He didn’t look one bit surprised or upset that Benton had made it past the firebombs. They’d all been set off before he even walked into the room. I wondered how he’d known about them. He probably had all sorts of magic tricks up his sleeve, especially after training with Braelynn and other sorcerers at the Scren Palace. The guy never failed to impress, that was a definite.
I was almost a bit jealous. I had my own set of fey charms and tricks, but this human—this elemental—had a lot more magical abilities than I ever could have wished for. That didn’t mean he was stronger than me, it just meant that maybe he knew a bit more than I’d realized. Benton and Shade were more alike than I had thought.
“Well, you know me. I’ll be late to my own funeral, but I’ll go out fighting.” Benton smirked, waving his sword around and giving it a good spin. It was all for show, to intimidate the enemy, but I could see that the night elf was not impressed. These two had met before. I’d heard all about it from Benton already. It made me wonder what the whole point of the trap was if Cornelius hadn’t really expected to kill my friend.
“Hey,” I called out to Benton. “Can you help a guy out here?”
“Oh, sorry. Here.” He barely looked my way as he tossed a dagger in my direction. It slid across the floor, spinning. I snatched it up and began sawing away at the ropes constricting my wrists. Then I hacked at the ones on my ankles until I unraveled the twine and hopped to my feet, joining Benton.
The night elf didn’t even glance my way. I wasn’t the person he wanted to talk to so badly. It was Benton, and now that he was here, I was all but forgotten. Not that I minded. I just wished he’d get to it already.
“What do you want, Cornelius?” Benton asked.
“What do I want?” He laughed. “It’s not what I want but what you’ve taken from me yet again.”
Benton rolled his eyes as the night elf spoke. I had to admit, it was a bit alarming how calm he could be in situations like this. Most people would crumble under a dark elf’s glare. It made my spine tingle with chills, but not enough to make me turn and run.
“All right, then, just get on with it. What did I steal this time? Maybe I didn’t break it and can get it right back to you, if you’re lucky. Come on, get on with it.” 
The night elf’s smile fell. He didn’t look happy, since Benton clearly couldn’t care less about what he wanted. I think he had hoped to jar Benton out of his calm demeanor, but he obviously didn’t know the guy. Benton wasn’t easily shaken; neither was I, for that matter. We’d seen too much crap to be surprised anymore. The Unseelie we’d hunted were not easy game. They were the most horrific, monstrous creatures we’d ever encountered, and Benton, being fully human, had never seen such beasts before in his life.
“It’s not a thing, idiot. I’m talking about the redhead. She’s rightfully mine now, and you need to give her back. Plus, I hope you haven’t gotten any closer to Braelynn. She’s most definitely mine. You can’t have them, and I will fight you to the death if you interrupt my binding spell again.”
Benton started laughing uncontrollably, his shoulder’s shaking as he bent over, hysterical. He turned bright red and almost choked on his own spittle.
“You’ve got be kidding, right? That’s ridiculous. I already told you, Braelynn and I are most definitely not an item. But you need to get your head on straight about the redhead. She isn’t mine either, but neither of them belong to you, that’s for sure. I thought we’d figured the Braelynn thing out the last time we met. Really, have you forgotten already?”
The night elf drilled his searing eyes into Benton, unmoved.
“You know, Braelynn told me all about you. Oh, and by the way, we’re still just friends. She taught me a lot about the magical arts, but she would never be interested in a guy like me.” Benton tilted his head, amused, staring at the night elf. “Besides, she’s already given her heart away to someone, and he’s damned stupid if he didn’t know that and screwed it up. If I were him, I wouldn’t bother with such trivial things as rumors or speculations that she’s in love with someone else. I would be rushing to her side and begging to win her heart back in any way that I could.”
The night elf’s face darkened even further, but a hint of devastation snuck into it. I didn’t know the full story between these two, but I knew this guy had tried to kill Benton, and Zena had helped save him.
“You—you know nothing,” the night elf sneered. “If that’s true, then why did you two look so cozy together?”
Benton scoffed. “Because you’re imagining things. If Braelynn was remotely interested in me, we wouldn’t even be having this conversation. There would be no question that I would be devoted to her, and you wouldn’t be able to touch her. But we’re not like that. She’s my friend and mentor, so you’re free to try to win her heart back, but I think you have bigger problems and way bigger fish to fry. You screwed up, man. I’d seriously be contemplating what I could do to fix the pile of shit I created, if I were you. And leave Zena alone.”
The night elf scowled as he approached Benton. I closed in too, ready to take him out with the dagger if I had to. Crossing my arms and flashing the blade, I gave the night elf a wide, toothy grin.
“The redhead is of no consequence to you,” he said.
“You’re draining her. Why?”
Cornelius tightened his lips, refusing to offer an explanation. I suspected Benton already knew why he was draining Zena, but I had my own theory too.
“You know he’s right,” I offered. “I wouldn’t be wasting my time with two useless guys, unless you’re into that kind of kink. You’re definitely not our type. If I were you, I’d be trying to locate Braelynn, wherever she may be, and start sucking up to her. Only then will you not need the human girl for draining energy. Only Braelynn can lift that energy drain curse she placed on you.”
I was having a grand old time torturing the night elf with my words, even though my wrists still hurt. But they were already healing, and I was feeling much better.
The night elf stared at us, hatred boiling beneath the surface like a volcano about to burst. I could tell he was undecided. His fury needed to vent, but the way out was now impossible. There was no longer a reason for us to be there, and he knew it. But would he try to overtake us regardless? Some of his comrades were staggering back to their feet; others were still woozy on their bottoms and shaking their heads, trying to make sense of things. The concussions they had gotten from the firebombs were probably going to take a few hours to shake off, even if they were faeries with remarkable healing abilities. Even I, who had been nowhere near the firebombs, felt a little bit woozy from the explosions. I didn’t know how Benton had gotten through it unscathed. He was standing there perfectly untouched and as healthy as an ox. I had to give it to him. he was one tough son of a bitch. But that shouldn’t have come as any surprise to me. He was Shade’s brother, and even though they were only half siblings, they shared their mother, Jade’s, genes. And she was one scary woman.
She had been. I’d almost forgotten that she had died in the war. I shook the thought away as I watched Cornelius come to a decision.
“You can have that pathetic redhead,” he said. “She was just quick to regenerate her life force, faster than other puny little humans. About Braelynn… you have to help me win her back.”
Benton scoffed, and my mouth hung wide open. He was kidding, right? Help him? We’d rather drink a vat of hot oil than help a night elf.
“You’re out of your mind. That’s all on you. You fucked it up with Braelynn, man. You fix it. Believe me when I say you have your work cut out for you. That’s the way of the world.” Benton shook his head in disbelief. I could hardly believe the night elf had the balls to ask us that.
Cornelius frowned, looking somewhat defeated now that his true intentions had come to light. “Fine. But if I find out that you’re lying to me or in any way misguiding me about Braelynn, I will find you. And next time there will be no silly bombs or taking of prisoners. It will be over before you even know what hit you. I promise you that.” His eyes burned with hatred, and the threat was quite real. I glanced at Benton, wondering if any of this was bothering him like it was me.
Benton smirked and parted his lips as though he had something else to say. He obviously wasn’t opposed to pissing the night elf off a bit more, but I was ready to hightail it out of there.
“Come on, Benton. Let’s get out of here.” I motioned toward the door. I had to get him moving before he changed his mind and burned the place down. “We live to fight another day, bro.”
Benton glanced my way and rolled his eyes. Sometimes he really showed his age. Despite everything he had seen and done, he was still just eighteen years old.
“Don’t worry,” he said to Cornelius. “We’ll be ready for you if you try to come after us again. And I’ll look forward to it.”
He spun around and started walking toward the exit with me on his heels, keeping his eyes on all the night elves as they watched us leave. Luckily, they didn’t dare defy their master and stayed on the sidelines with disdain burning in their eyes. They were loyal and subservient in every way, just like the Unseelie. It was sad to see such power wasted on such small minds.
Once we were outside and in the fresh night air, I grabbed Benton by the shoulder and gave him a little shake. “Hey, man, thanks for saving me. I could’ve gotten myself out, but I thought that this was a situation you needed to take care of yourself.”
Benton stopped walking but didn’t look my way. Instead, he peered up at the moon shining over the empty alleyways of the warehouse district surrounding Industrial and Highland Roads. We were still in Vegas, but there wasn’t as much traffic now that we were away from the casinos. Most of the nearby businesses were seedy topless bars, filled with less-than-savory characters getting off on watching young girls strip off their clothes. It was near enough the main Las Vegas Strip but far enough to keep the tourists from visiting in droves.
Maybe Benton wanted to relax and go into one of those bars. I guess I could keep him company. I never did mind seeing some eye candy, even though images of Shade always filled my mind whenever I thought about such things.
Yeah, there was always a horde of baggage when it came to women.
“I wish the problems I had would go away simply by begging for forgiveness,” Benton said. “The night elf has it a lot easier than most of us do. At least he now knows that the person he loves still loves him. He just has to make up for a lot of crap he’s done. No one to blame but himself. If only it was that simple for the rest of us.”
“Wouldn’t that be something?” I responded. I didn’t know if it was any help to say anything else right now. Benton was complicated. He was confidant while fighting the dark creatures of the world, but when it came to his own demons, he seemed utterly helpless.
He peered at the flashing neon lights of the clubs, letting the lights burn his retinas until he finally blinked and began marching away. I followed behind, knowing we were headed back to Zena’s place. It’d been hours since I had left them at her apartment, but I was sure she was there, waiting impatiently for him. There was an apparent connection between them, but I knew that Benton’s heart was guarded, and he wouldn’t open it easily. It meant that the love spell I had slipped Zena hadn’t really worked as well as I thought it would. 
If either of them discovered my little treachery, I’d be toast. In the end, I decided, it had been worth it, especially now that I saw how quickly he was walking to get back to Zena.
Damned humans. Nothing ever worked right on them. It always had to be complicated and messed up, even with a simple love spell. Maybe Cornelius wasn’t the only one who needed to visit with Braelynn. I took a mental note to see her as soon as I could. I needed a more powerful potion of the love variety. It was the least I could do to help Benton along.
But watching him nibble at his fingernails as we approached Zena’s building, I doubted I’d need any kind of potion at all. He was already more invested in her than he realized.




Chapter Sixteen




Benton

I stretched out on the couch that was too short for anyone other than a small person to sleep on. The kink in my neck was going to bother me all day, I could already tell. Every single muscle hurt, and I was sure I wouldn’t be able to turn my neck to the left for at least a couple days. I doubted it was going to be a pleasant day due to the way my body felt at the moment. I was ready to roll over and just snore the hours away again.
The couch shuddered, and I peeked out one eye to find Zena peering down at me, holding out a steaming cup of coffee.
“There’s donuts on the table. You look like you need this way more than I do.”
“You’re an angel.” I sat up took the cup, inhaling the heavenly aroma of coffee. I wasn’t a huge fan of the stuff, but some days, it was all that could drag me out of bed. “Thanks.”
“Sorry about the lumpy couch. I’m saving up for a new one, and maybe a foldout or air mattress for guests.” Zena frowned at the worn sofa. It only deepened as she turned to look at Soap on a pile of blankets on the floor, knocked out cold and snoring softly.
“I think I need another job to get all the stuff I need.”
I swore the guy could sleep anywhere and not complain about bodily aches in the morning. I envied Soap for that ability. My body wasn’t so forgiving. Maybe I should hang out in Faerie more often. That way, I could age more slowly and heal quickly, like my siblings. I cringed at the thought. Personally, I’d rather grow old and die before living forever in a place like Faerie, but I had my family to think about. Sooner or later, I’d have to return there for good if I was to help Shade and my siblings. I wasn’t looking forward to it.
“Ah, Soap doesn’t mind,” I said. “He’s sleeps like a rock… even on rocks.” I rubbed the back of my head, running my fingers through the matted mess of hair on my head. “You don’t mind if I use your shower, do you?”
Zena shook her head but kept her eyes on me as I headed toward the bathroom. I knew she was still somewhat apprehensive about us, but it was to be expected. I’d wonder if she wasn’t.
After using her shower, I emerged to find her chatting quietly and eating donuts with Soap. He was waving his arms in the air as she laughed and almost choked on her breakfast.
“Oh, hey, bro. I was telling Zena about that one time with that one wizard? Hank? Whatever his name was. Remember how he thought we were murdering people and bagged up all those piles of ash thinking they were people, not Unseelie scum we’d just exterminated? What a character. To think he was some sort of wizard. Total mind blow.”
“That’s amazing.” Zena’s eyes flashed with excitement. “I can’t believe half the stuff you guys have done. Who knew the world was in such a pit? This place could fall apart at any moment, but most people would be none the wiser until it hits them in the backside.” She dropped the last bite of her chocolate donut before downing the last of her coffee. “I’m so stuffed.”
“You can finish that!” Soap shook his head as he pointed to her plate. “Starving kids in China and all that.”
“Yeah, well, I’ll say the same thing I used to tell my mother. Send it to them.” She made a face and got to her feet. “What’s on the agenda for the day?” She focused on me, and I shrugged.
“I guess we should head back to see your mother at Aluse’s mountain catacombs. I’m not sure how much help you’re going to be for her brother, but there’s one more thing we have to do.”
“What’s that?”
I reached into my pack and plucked out the white feather, holding it up for Zena to study. She took it from my hand and ran her fingers over its smooth bristles, in awe.
“Wow. What sort of bird has a feather this big? It’s huge.”
“We’d like to find out. It’s similar to the Raven clan’s wings, but none of them have white feathers. We have reason to believe it belongs to what humans would call an angel.” I air-quoted the last word with my fingers, rolling my eyes at the idea. “But I don’t think they really exist.”
“So how would you explain the existence of this feather?”
“I don’t know. A huge white macaw? Who knows? It’s all so far-fetched that I’m ready to head home and just veg out. But Aluse’s brother Trey needs real help. He’s withering away, and Aluse thinks we can help stop or reverse it. Somehow, this feather has everything to do with what’s happening to him, but so far, we’ve been able to figure out nothing about it.” I thought back to the words of Willard the archivist. “Well, nothing coherent, anyway.”
Zena wrinkled her nose, but her eyes widened as she made an audible gasp. “Wait… I know I’ve seen these before!” She took the feather and placed both hands on the shaft before snapping it in two.
“What are you doing? We needed that.” I groaned but stopped my complaint when I saw her produce a tiny jewel from inside the thickened hollow point of the feather. “Wait... what is that?”
I glanced at Soap, but he shrugged, confirming that he wasn’t playing a trick on either of us right now.
“It’s a stone, just like the one I’m wearing. They come from angel wing feathers. That’s how people with the Sight are able to live with it. We wear these stones—”
“I know about the stones, but how did you know it was in there?” I asked.
“Only feathers fallen from angels have them.” She held out the tiny, jade-like stone for me to pluck off her palm and examine. The tiny rock was incredibly light, but the magic emanating from it was overwhelming, more than one would expect from such a minuscule stone. The feather must have inhibited the magic. I would have never guessed it had been hidden inside.
“Yeah, but how did you know it was in there?” Soap repeated my question, and Zena suddenly looked like she’d seen a ghost.
“Shoot. We weren’t supposed to talk about it at all.”
“What do you mean by that?” I handed it back to her, but she’d paled and had to sit back down.
“I—I mean… I haven’t seen feathers like these since I was a child. There was a place we—my parents and I—went when I was really small. It’s where my mother got this.” She pointed to the stone hanging from her neck. “It was far away, and we journeyed for what felt like an eternity back then. My father was still alive. He’s the one who showed us where to go if we needed one of these stones. I never saw an angel, but it was a small alcove in a high mountain. It was near a waterfall. They told me a story about the place.
“What sort of story?” I held the stone up to the light, noting how it seemed both opaque and translucent at the same time. There was strong magic here indeed. 
“Well,” Zena sighed, closing her eyes as she strained to remember, “the story goes that angels went there to the alcove to drink from the water. While they were there, they would shed one feather for the ones cursed with the Sight. Only one each. There were several on the ground, and I remember picking one up because I felt compelled to do so. My father cracked it open and held out the stone that I now wear around my neck.”
I was as engrossed in her tale as Soap was, and I gave him a tentative glance, knowing we both had the same plan in our heads. “Zena,” I said, “this place where the feathers are… would you be able to find it again if you tried?”
“I was really young when my father took us there.”
“But can you remember the way?”
She bit her lip, chewing on it for a moment. “Yes. I think I could, but I don’t remember exactly where the mountain was. I know the place was above the fortress of a rare faery clan. We had to avoid them because they could set us humans on fire. It was also surrounded by these woods that were rumored to be haunted.”
I widened my eyes and peered over at Soap, whose own eyes were just as wide, as though he’d seen an apparition. “Soap? You all right, man?”
“I know where the mountain is.”
“Wait… what? How?”
He turned toward me and blinked. “Ilarial found me near the Teleen and Guildrin courts, and it’s where I spent most of my childhood to adulthood.”
“Where, exactly?” I was done guessing. If he was going to be cryptic, I was going to get violent.
“It’s near the Teleen Caverns. Right above them.”
“You mean the place where my sister almost died a couple of times?” I cringed. I didn’t really want to go to the Teleen Caverns again. The caves gave me the creeps, but it was Dylan’s and Soap’s hometown, so to speak. Maybe it was time to grab him or Nautilus for backup.
“Yes. The very one and the same.”
“Great,” I sighed, knowing this day was already going the way I didn’t want it to. “I guess we should get moving. We don’t want to go through the Haunted Forest at night.” The whole place gave me the creeps, and we were heading back to the start of it all. Oh, joy. 
It was the last place I wanted to be. Shade had told me all about the Haunted Forest, the Teleen Caverns, and the psychotic dryad queen who lived in the Haunted Forest and had tried to kidnap Shade. I’d experienced firsthand the craziness of the Teleen people the last time Shade had almost died and had to tie herself to Corb, that infernal Ancient Winter King. The place spelled nothing but trouble. I wasn’t looking forward to heading back to Faerie so soon, but from the sound of things, that was exactly where we had to go.
Figures.




Chapter Seventeen




Soap

We needed backup, and the only place to go for that was none other than the Scren Palace. Peering around the main hall as everyone greeted one another again, I smiled stiffly. I had returned to the place where the woman who held my heart lived and ruled. Like Benton, I never got to stay there long. Traveling across the country and capturing Unseelie faeries was what I did best, and it helped keep my mind off things I couldn’t change. It was avoiding the inevitable, of course, but it was pathetic that no matter how hard I tried to avoid seeing her, I always ended up back at the palace like I was tethered to it.
We were there to pick up Nautilus, who readily agreed to take us to the Teleen Caverns. Despite my hesitation, I couldn’t wait to see Shade again. She wasn’t in the group greeting us at the entrance as we peeled off our traveling cloaks, packs, and dusty armor, but I could sense her presence like it was a part of my soul.
“Where’s Shade?” I asked the blur of servants taking our gear but received a myriad of shrugs in response.
“No idea, man,” Benton offered. “I’m sure she’s on her way or in the middle of something.” He threw me a knowing look. I turned away, plucking my thermos from my pack as an excuse. I didn’t want to see that look, the one that said, “Give it up; she’s taken.”
I felt my heart squeeze with disappointment as the crowd dispersed; Shade remained elusive. She was usually one of the first to greet us. It was odd, actually. The place was almost too quiet for my liking. Quiet, that is, until James came out to greet his brother. The little guy was growing like a weed, and his enthusiasm was quite contagious. I was happy to see his antics put a smile on Benton’s face.
Even though the guy was never too serious and tried to come off as pretty laidback, he didn’t often smile and kept a lot of thoughts and emotions to himself. I was relieved to note Sary’s absence, even though I knew she and Braelynn were at the palace. Seeing the Vyn princess would have plunged Benton into a deep depression, and it wasn’t easy pulling him out of that kind of mood. 
It was similar to the way I felt every time I thought about Shade. Then I felt her presence. The moment she came walking into the foyer in her royal garb, her long dark hair flowing and her brilliant brown eyes shining, my inner turmoil was completely forgotten.
Pathetic, wasn’t I?
“Well, well. Look what the demi-fey dragged in.” Shade chuckled and waved me over to her. She didn’t have to ask twice; I was already at her side, scooping her off her feet and swinging her around like not a single day had passed since we’d loved one another. Even so, despite our mutual joy, there was distance between us, however slight.
“What’s going on, Soap?” And without fail, Dylan wedged himself between us, severing the warmth of Shade’s body against mine as he took her hand, and she stepped promptly away.
“Hey, Dylan.” I gave him a friendly shake of the hand, but his grip jabbed into my fingers enough for me to know he wasn’t happy. “We’re here to pick you up for a roam outside the castle walls.”
I winked and cracked a wide grin, exposing enough teeth to blind the entire hall. What had changed between us this time around? It had grown increasingly harder to talk to him. Not that I had ever cared for his friendship; I only wanted to be near Shade, and if it was going to be an issue between us, which apparently it was, I would be abandoning hope for any kind of kinship with Dylan. Shade was the only one I really cared about.
“Dylan, thanks for going on this mission and helping Benton and Soap. I knew I could count on you.” Shade slipped her arms around his waist, giving him a nuzzle that made my stomach turn.
I wondered if she’d added that last bit just as a reassurance to her husband. It dug into me like a thousand needles, sticking into every vital organ and pinning them like beetles to a specimen board. I wished I was the one being nuzzled by Shade.
But I wasn’t.
The somber thought caused me to look away and study the rush of servants filtering away and beckoning us to our rooms. Finding Benton across the way and regaling James with another adventure story, I meandered toward them, knowing I’d probably have more luck socializing there. At least Benton had his family. I didn’t even have that. No sisters, brothers, or even a mother or father. No one at all, really. I was absolutely lost in a room full of love, but I couldn’t help but wonder if there was someone out there missing me.
I could hear Dylan chatting with Shade, and I fought the urge to cringe as I glanced their way once more. “Well, you know these guys need some real guidance out there,” he said. “It’s not safe to go traipsing across the country all the time. Plus, it’ll give me a chance to see some old acquaintances and friends back home. It’ll be good to see it again without being on a mission to Queen Gretel.” 
Shade nodded, giving her husband a tender smile and pushing locks of his hair behind his ears. It had been a long time since he’d banished himself, taking on the bind to Shade when Darren, his brother, had tried to kill her. He hadn’t been kind to Shade back then. In fact, he’d been a downright prick to her before he fell in love with her.
He’d cut his hair in mourning of the severed relationship with his brother, but it had grown back now. His hair was way past his shoulders, snaking down his back, dark and thick. She was obviously enjoying it as she stroked her lovely fingers through his locks. I subconsciously reached up to touch my own golden brown mane. I had tied some of it back but had braided a couple of locks, which hung loose. It was three quarters of the way down my back, long and smooth and in need of a gal to run her fingers through it. It brought back a bittersweet memory of Shade running her hands through my hair, just the way she was doing with Dylan.
The motion stung, and I had to look away as my heart ached at the memory. I had to stop this. I couldn’t breathe anymore; my chest seized, and the world spun. What was happening to me? I had never felt so desperate for air around Shade before, but now I felt like I couldn’t fill my lungs.
No air. No air at all.
“Hey man, you all right?” Benton leaned toward me, concern etched on his face. “You look a bit green.”
“I’m fine. I’m going to catch a siesta, as the Spanish call it. I’m exhausted.”
He nodded, but his scrutinizing look told me he didn’t believe a word I’d said. No matter. I was already rushing out of the main foyer and down the hall to the guest room that belonged to me. It was always the same room, saved for my own personal use. It was a gift yet a curse to have such a place so close yet so distant from Shade’s embrace.
Was this how it would feel from now on around her? Would I have to avoid her at all costs? Always alone for all of time? I was part changeling, like Shade. I could transform into anything I wanted. Right now, I wanted to change into something that could fly away and never look back.
No one could claim me. Not the Teleen, not the Guildrin clan near the Haunted Forest, not even the Scren Palace. None of them had ever been my true home. The only place I had ever felt at home was beside Shade. Only then might this insanity go away, and the world would stop tilting so I could actually breathe. But I had to be closer, not pining for her from afar. I had to belong to her at all costs, be at her side, or it would be nothing short of suffocating.
I hoped this feeling was temporary.
Pausing in a darkened alcove, I closed my eyes and leaned against the wall, pressing my back to it and wishing I could disappear, when I heard Shade’s voice again. She was about to walk past me. I reached out, took her by the elbow, and pulled her into the alcove against me.
“Shade, can I talk to you privately?”
She stepped back, eyeing me wildly, with a touch of anger in her dark eyes.
“Soap, you gave me a fright.”
“Sorry. I just need to talk for a second.” I peeked out of the alcove and saw Dylan talking with Benton, chatting it up like a good brother-in-law. It almost made me want to smack them both, for I knew they hadn’t liked each other when they’d first met. Now they acted like they’d always been kin. Either way, I just wanted to get Shade alone to talk with her about what had been bothering me. I had often wondered if I’d be able to get the words out of my mouth if I ever did get her alone. Maybe this was my chance to find out.
“What do you want to talk about?” she asked, shuffling on her feet and glancing every now and then toward her husband. “This really isn’t a good time.”
“I know, I just… I just need to speak to you without him attached to you at the hip.”
Her eyes widened, and she stopped shuffling, her mouth agape. “What do you mean?” Her eyes darted back out of the alcove again, and I wanted to just pull her against me so she wouldn’t look out that way.
“I miss you. I miss you without him.”
Dylan was the barrier I could not penetrate, even when he wasn’t present. There was nothing I could do about it. I didn’t hate the guy, I just disliked the situation at hand. Shade fidgeted, something I rarely saw her do anymore in her position of high authority at the Scren Palace. 
“Soap,” she whispered. She stopped looking at Dylan and finally looked at me. She really looked at me like she’d never seen me before in her life. She let her eyes roam my face until they slipped ever so slowly down to my chest, inching their way all the way down my body and then back up to meet my expectant eyes again. She had slipped and let her real emotions show on her face, unmasked and raw. I wanted her to look at me like that every time I saw her. Again and again.
“Shade, I—”
“We cannot be alone. I cannot risk it.” Her hushed whisper sounded desperate as her breath caught, and she peered up at me through hooded eyes and dark lashes. The torture of having her near was unbearable. If only I could scoop her up in my arms right then, take her to a room, and have my way with her. If only she’d let me. I would make sure she would never be able to live without me again.
“But, Shade, I—I….” I couldn’t finish. I heard Dylan ask a servant if he’d seen which way Shade had gone. I swore the guy had a sixth sense about her. She immediately averted her eyes, but at least I now knew that our love was not dead. It was buried but still desperately alive. But there was no air. If it remained buried much longer, it would suffocate.
“I’ll see you later, Soap.” Shade took off, leaving me in the turbulent wake of her presence, never to be the same ever again. In fact, I hadn’t been from the day we’d met.




Chapter Eighteen




Benton

“So this mission to the Teleen Caverns… when are we leaving?” Dylan avoided looking me straight in the eye as his jaw tensed. He’d just come from speaking with Shade and Soap together, a sight that looked like pure torture for all three of them. I could tell there was some friction between him and Soap, and I wondered if something new was going on. I tried to shake it off and discussed the plan of finding the place with the sacred feathers atop the Teleen Caverns Zena had told us about. I personally couldn’t wait to see the place, but Shade wouldn’t have us traipsing out of there without a warm welcome and good night’s sleep.
I’d sent word about our intentions before we’d arrived, and I wondered what sort of discussion had happened between my sister and her beloved before we had shown up. Glancing between the two after they’d spoken briefly with Soap, I was betting it was one of the most interesting conversations they’d had in months.
“I hope it’s not too soon,” Zena said, sighing as she flicked her eyes between us. “I’m starving, and I heard there’s a huge feast being prepared for the guests.”
Dylan smiled at my human friend and threw me a curious glance. “Of course. We always make it a big affair when Benton and company visit. It’s Shade’s favorite time to lavish her baby brother with love and spoil him rotten. I’m also happy to have you all here. It will be great fun.”
There was no arguing that. I could tell Dylan’s encounter with Soap had left him feeling somewhat frustrated. I had to admit, it was curious that the two had barely spoken and seemed to want to avoid each other. There was no point in speculating about Shade. It would do no one any good. I hoped Dylan knew that as well as I did—maybe more so than I did. I wasn’t too sure, but this time Dylan allowed his eyes to meet mine, and there was a question there. What was he getting at?
“I’m certainly glad to be back,” I said. “You all right, bro?”
“I’m fine. It’s just….” He darted his eyes around the room, but didn’t find Shade anywhere nearby. “Shade has been a bit distant lately. I think something is bothering her, but she won’t say what it is.”
“Dude, girl problems. Am I right?”
He chuckled, but I could tell he wasn’t happy.
“Give her some space,” I said. “Shade always kept to herself when things were confusing or hard for her. She’ll warm up again. Just give her some air.”
“It has me going crazy. I just don’t know what Soap has been doing. He says things to her. She never seems quite the same afterward, but she won’t say what he’s told her.”
“I’m sure it’s just him being his usual jokester self. Just give her space. I’m sure things will be okay.”
He was asking advice from me? He might as well set himself on fire right now.
He just nodded absently. I had to admit, this off-centered Dylan was a curiosity, but I had no time to dwell on it. I knew we would not get anywhere with Shade right now. She just wasn’t ready to discuss some serious things between her and Dylan. Maybe later on she would, but right now my focus was on Zena and getting to the sacred feather place. Our mission needed to be completed before anything else could be dealt with.
Dylan turned his attention to Zena. “So, Benton has told me a bit about you, but I want to hear it from the horse’s mouth. Tell me, how do you feel about being here in Faerie? You’re welcome at the palace whenever you need shelter or a haven. I just want to make sure you know that.”
She glanced up at me with an inquiring look. “Thank you. It’s been quite an adventure, and I’m so thankful that Benton has such a supportive family who’re willing to help me and my mother.”
“It is our pleasure to help. Welcome to the Scren Palace.”
Zena smiled, turning red under Dylan’s intense stare. I rolled my eyes, watching her blush as he took her hand and gave it a kiss. All the formalities of Faerie made her uncomfortable. Couldn’t he see that? She was all fidgety and red. I bit my lip to keep myself from interfering. It would be incredibly rude to get in between them.
“Thank you, Your Majesty. Benton told me all about the Scren Palace, you and your wife, and his little brother and sister. I wish I could’ve met Anna, but I heard she’s not here right now. I look forward to meeting her one day and thank you for offering me shelter.”
Zena’s warm smile heated up my insides, and it took all the force in the world for me to not run over to her and sweep her off her feet. To hell with Dylan, Shade, and everyone else at the Scren Palace.
Controlling myself around Zena was becoming increasingly difficult, and I began to wonder if I’d been hexed. I scanned the room for Soap. I was going to have a stern word with him about messing with me with any faery magic. It never worked well and more often than not went awry when used on elementals. But such hexes tended to grow in power the longer they were left undiscovered. The guy had set a time bomb, and I hoped I could stop it before it exploded.
Soap, of course, was nowhere in sight when I needed him. Dammit.




Chapter Nineteen




Soap

The evening air hummed with vitality. The scent of honeysuckle and lilacs wafted over us while leaves rode the wind like tiny unmanned horses, leaping from grass mound to grass mound without a thought to consequences or the future. I sat in the balcony outside of my room at the palace, watching the golden-lined sunset ease its way below the horizon.
I was much like that sun. Bright, brilliant, warm, and yet alone. So utterly alone.
I closed my eyes, letting the last of the sun’s heat flow over my face. It was definitely hotter at the Scren Palace than anywhere else I’d been in Faerie. It was a nice heat though, one that wrapped around you like a heated blanket from a warmer, the kind they had in human hospitals. Not that I’d been in one lately, but I’d had some insights into how one ran when Shade had received a blood transfusion after almost losing her life to Arthas, the Ancient Unseelie King. 
My eyes whipped opened, the feeling of being watched alarming my senses. I moved my gaze over the gardens beyond my balcony, skimming the tops of fruit trees and shrubberies. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. Even the lack of a breeze caressing the tops of the trees felt unusual, even though it probably wasn’t for this time of year. Not in the serene calm of the Scren. Shade kept the place quite tranquil, and there was nothing to fear inside its walls. 
I felt movement behind me.
“Soap?”
Shade’s voice echoed from inside my room, and I abruptly hopped to my feet to meet her. Forgotten was the eerie feeling of being watched. Nothing could compare to having Shade in my presence. Holding her, speaking with her, it was all I had. I could not forget that she was the only reason I could see any kind of light in my future, but she was the cause of the overwhelming darkness consuming me as well.
“Yes?” Surprised to find her in my room, I headed in toward her and held out my arms. She blushed red and leaned in for the hug, but not as intensely as I wanted her to. Any touch was like throwing me a life preserver while I was drowning. It was better than nothing. Hell, it was like a shot of adrenaline straight to my heart. I’d take its thrilling high over anything else.
“Are you ready for the party tonight, after dinner?” Her expectant eyes searched me for something, but I wished she could see more than I was conveying at the moment. I wondered if she knew how I hoped she felt the way I did about her. I always would, but at that moment, I wished she knew that more than anything.
“Just show me the way, and I’m there.” I held out my arm, letting her hook onto it with a pretty smile. “You know, you always were quite a gentleman.”
“In more ways than one, Your Majesty. I just don’t get to show it too often.”
Her smile slowly faded away, her face darkening as we headed out of my room and into the hallway.
“Are you okay, Shade?”
“Yes, I’m fine. Why would you ask?”
“I just… I don’t know. It seems like you want to say something but keep holding it in. Just an observation.”
She kept silent as we made our way into one of the main passageways of the castle.
“There are just some things bothering me,” she said at last. “About Benton and this mission. About Dylan. About… us.”
“What about us, Shade?” I held my breath, hoping to hear something, anything that would indicate she wanted me back. I didn’t care that she was married. I wanted her in my life. I craved it. I needed it to survive. Maybe that was selfish, but it didn’t matter. I wanted all of her, forever.
But did she know that?
“This… this thing between us. It has to stop.”
“What’s between us, Shade?” I couldn’t stop saying her name. Whatever it was she was thinking, I had to know. I deserved to know more. Now.
“This… attraction. This unfulfilled need you press into me when you’re here. It has to stop. I’m with Dylan now, but I just don’t know what to do about us. I know there was never a sense of closure between us, and I apologize for it. It was all my fault. It’s just….”
I waited, feeling my stomach lurch as blood drained from my face, but the crowd was growing thicker, and Shade’s subjects were starting to get in our way.
“It’s just what?” My chest tightened, and I wasn’t sure I wanted to hear what she was going to say. I straightened, pretending to smile to all those passing by and greeting Shade. I’d already decided that it didn’t matter. It never would. I’d always be there, waiting for Shade, until the end. I was immortal. So was she. We had all the time in the world. Faeries were extremely patient and could wait centuries. What were years to creatures like us? I could wait. I would wait forever.
“We need closure. We need to see where it might’ve—”
Before Shade could finish, Dylan was at her side, taking her other arm and leading her away from me. Her abrupt departure left a cold impression against my skin where she’d once been gripping onto me. I could still feel her presence inching along my skin, alive and potent. I wanted it back, and I threw Dylan an icy glare for his untimely interruption.
Shade tossed me an apologetic look before they both disappeared into the crowd of the masquerade ball, donning their masks. The dance had been planned the moment Benton had notified Shade we’d be coming by. I hated to be a buzzkill, but I was in no mood for partying. Especially now.
I donned the mask I’d held in my hand since we’d left my room. It was somewhat liberating to put on a mask and anonymously stare out into the crowd. The ball was as alive as any sort of creature, living and breathing, moving and swaying as it hovered over the dance floor, filling it up with laughter and chatter, feet tapping to the hypnotic beat of music.
The music. It was the perfect thing to help me out of my sour mood. I grinned at the human dance music filling the room. It was like a potent charm, drugging the crowd and forcing them to do its bidding as they undulated on the dance floor.
I was already mentally drained, so letting the songs run up my legs and into my hips felt as natural as it could. I danced, letting the crowd absorb me into its welcoming bosom, bringing all-too-willing women to my side, dancing closely enough that I could smell their sweat and perfume intermingling on their skin.
It was a night to forget who we were and become all we’d love to be. Even in such a crowd, my eyes found Shade’s hiding behind her golden mask etched with silver swirls. Glittering diamonds framed the eyeholes, and I could see her peering out from them. She was looking at me but also keeping an attentive eye on her husband, who was chatting with a group of soldiers. She was watching me dance. Her desire permeated the air like an aerosol of pheromones; I could taste it on my tongue. I wanted to run to her, take her up in my arms, and never let go.
I remembered the taste of her lips. My mouth burned with the memory. My only release was that she must have felt the same exact burning sensation on her own lips right now. We were both keenly aware of the what ifs, the could have beens.
I whispered to her via an airborne faery charm, hoping she could hear it above the vibration of discotheque music drowning out all other voices.
You are the air I breathe, the blood in my veins, and the fire of my soul. There is no other who could ever take your place. Reign with me at your side, and I will give you all of me, forever. I will cherish you until the end of time.




Chapter Twenty




Benton

The masquerade ball was dizzying, and I was glad my Zorro-like mask was light and breathable. Some of the masks were adorned with heavy jewels, glitter and whatever else could be pasted on them, weighing down people’s faces and leaving heavy indentations in their skin. The flashier the better. It made my face ache for those who wore them.
“Hey.” A girl holding her mask in place came up to me, smiling a dazzling, white-toothed smile. Dark red lipstick painted her soft lips. She was pretty; I could tell from those emerald eyes looking out from behind the mask. She wore a Renaissance-style costume, and the dress cinched at her waist nicely, fitting her like a glove. But it was her brilliant, deep maroon hair that caught my attention. I knew those locks, and I was getting used to that sweet, sultry voice.
“Zena?”
“Heya.” She smiled again, showing off her heart-shaped lips, which beckoned me as she laughed. “You look like Zorro. Where’s your hat?”
I reached up and touched the simple black mask on my face but couldn’t rip my eyes away from her. She was stunning, all dressed up like that. I wanted to pull her close to me and dance around the ballroom with her pressed to my chest. Imagining it made my breath hitch, and I held out a hand.
“Shall we?”
She eyed my hand, and her smile faded somewhat but remained subtly on her face. “I don’t know how to dance.”
Well, something I could help her with, for once.
“It’s easy. Just follow my lead. I promise I’ll go slowly.”
Her cheeks blushed fiercely, but she nodded and placed her delicate fingers into my hand, letting me lead her deeper into the undulating crowd. Taking her out there felt natural, like breathing again. Once we were near the middle and she realized no one was actually looking at us, she relaxed as I pulled her closer and led her around and around in a simple waltz. It was one thing my mother had taught me. For some reason, it had stuck. I rarely used the skill except with one girl I’d known long ago, who’s name always brought up fierce memories. 
Isolde.
She’d been my high school girlfriend before the Faerie war. After I’d graduated from high school and had gone off to Faerie, I’d lost contact with her. She’d just disappeared from my life, leaving a gaping hole where our love had once sat. I never regretted anything as much as I did losing touch with Isolde. She had been my first love and my first taste of magic, in more ways than one.
Memories were bittersweet.
“How’d you learn how to dance?” Zena asked.
“My mother taught me. She had a way with music and dancing. My father and she used to dance all the time in the kitchen… in the evening, after dinner, when they thought no one could see them. I always loved how my father twirled her around and around in the tiny space. They looked lost in each other in a way that told you they were madly in love.”
“That must’ve been something. I barely remember my father, and I don’t think I’ve ever seen my mother in love.”
Her eyes darkened as she thought of the woman back in Aluse’s caverns. It was obvious she’d never been anything but flighty, paranoid, and jumpy. It was no way for someone to grow up. How long had Zena been on the run? A decade? Her entire life? Her mother’s loss of sanity was too high a price to pay for anyone, especially those without any sort of magic.
“Your mother, you know she’s not quite all there. She might not be how you remember her.”
“You mean she might be a looney? Yeah, that’s exactly what she is. I won’t deny it.”
“No, that’s not what I said.”
“I know,” she sighed, still swaying along with the music and watching the crowd, taking it all in, like a watching a carousel going round and round.
“I’ve never had what you’d call a normal life, you know? It’s all been like a living nightmare. Moving all the time, running. Always keeping my bags packed and one eye open while I sleep. I think the only time in my life when I felt okay, normal even, was when I was mind-wiped. You gave me a new perspective when you did that, one I’d never experienced before.”
She peered into my eyes, hers glistened with a sheen of tears. She was grateful for the time spent without fear of magical beings. I wondered if returning her memory had been the right thing to do.
“Do you regret remembering, then?”
She bit her lip, already dark pink from the swipe of lipstick she’d placed there before the ball. “No. It’s good to know where I come from and what I’m up against. But at least I know now that it’s possible. Living without fear, I mean.”
I nodded and glanced across the dance floor, where the party was in full swing. The faery honey wine was flowing, and the night was wearing on faster than a freight train.
“I’m glad you’re not angry with me about that. I never meant to hurt you.”
“Not mad. Just curious why you did it to me in the first place.”
I scratched my head as the waltz came to a stop, and the pumping beat of techno began pouring out into the room. Couples broke apart and began hopping about to the beat, along with Zena and me.
It was hypnotizing to lose oneself in the thrumming rhythm of the music. The crowd moved along with it like one giant monster. No wonder Shade liked to have parties like this. I’d missed most of the ones she’d thrown, but I could see how cleansing it was, how it helped one to forget the problems of the world.
“I had to protect you. You were falling apart in front of me, and I couldn’t do anything. I didn’t think it’d affect you so much, but I was wrong. I should have considered how easily you could’ve been found by the bounty hunter or Cornelius, that night elf. I didn’t think, and I left you helpless. I’m sorry.”
She shook her head, smiling. “Don’t be sorry. You saved me. In a way, it threw the bounty hunter off my trail, because I didn’t do anything he thought I would. I became normal again, and things didn’t make me flinch when I took off my necklace. I used to remove it all the time, just for fun, to watch the faeries on the human side of the realm and see how many I could find in a day. It was a dangerous game, and it got me in trouble more often than not. When I had forgotten everything, I never took the necklace off. Not sure why exactly, but I didn’t see the scary monsters and sprites anymore. I was free, and the fear was gone. Thank you.”
I stopped dancing for a second and gave her a skeptical look. “Maybe I ruined it all by returning your memories to you. Now I’ve messed things up again without even trying. I just tried to make them right.”
“Stop that,” Zena scolded me, stopping her movements while giving me a shake of her head. “You showed me what life would’ve been like without constantly worrying about the damned bounty hunter finding me. I loved that feeling, and I felt safe. Even the mundane work I had to do to survive was nothing compared to the tediousness of constantly hiding. I was free.”
The music stopped again, and the feeling of relief filled me up as Shade’s voice filled the ballroom.
“Ladies and gentlemen of the Scren court, thank you for attending this amazing party on such short notice. It’s been a long time since we’ve thrown one of these raves, but lately, I have felt nostalgic for my human life and the music. Thank you for taking part in my love of all things of the human and faery realms. You’ve all made these dark days bright with excitement.”
“What does she mean by dark days?” Zena asked.
“Oh, I’m sure she means the impending wedding of my sister, Anna, to that horrible man who now leads the Unseelie army. His name is Oran. Shade and I are not too thrilled about their engagement.”
“Your sister, Anna? Oh, man, that’s right. Sorry to hear that.” 
She wrinkled her nose at the prospect of my sibling marrying Unseelie scum. I could tell she knew it was definitely not the news we all wanted to celebrate. She shook it off and turned back toward me, reaching out to grab my hand as she stepped back toward the middle of the dance floor.
“Come on,” she said. “I want to keep dancing, but would you mind grabbing me some of that infamous honey wine you all rave about?”
I watched her begin to move with the beat, letting her hips sway back and forth and her hair bounce. It was disturbing how easily she set my insides afire, and it wasn’t easy to turn away and head to the refreshments table to get her that drink.
Zena knew I wanted her. I was putty in her hands. Dammit if these redheads weren’t going to be the death of me. I shoved past the crowd, taking in deep swallows of air and feeling the heat amplify as more people joined in the dancing. 
Shade knew how to throw a party. It was nothing but sweaty bodies all over the place, and there wasn’t a bored face in the house. Some were stupid drunk already, and the perimeter of the dance floor was ringed by chairs and tables full of those who couldn’t hold their liquor. Many ran into me as I forced my way toward the refreshments, slurring their apologies to no one in particular as they passed.
I caught sight of Shade dancing with Dylan near the edges of the crowd, one arm around his neck and a drink in the other. Even Soap had momentarily forgotten his attachment to her to enjoy the company of a couple of masked female faeries who worked in the castle. They rubbed their bodies against his, sandwiching him between them. 
I shook my head. It was hard enough to keep one woman happy, and I was all about making one particular woman smile, but Soap taking on more than one was mighty brave of him. I was exhausted just watching him as he tried to match their movements.
“Two honey wines, please.”
I signaled the bartender, and didn’t fail to notice how oddly human-like the party was. Shade had gone to great lengths to give the faeries of the Scren Palace a human dance rave experience. I wondered if it was more of a treat for me since I was visiting, and she knew it would give me a sense of home. Maybe she’d done it to show her patrons just how fun humans really can be. 
Maybe it was a bit of both. I wouldn’t put it above Shade to want to share her human side with her faery minions. It was actually quite brilliant, if you asked me. She had won them over in so many ways; there was no telling what they didn’t love about my sister. She was adored by thousands, with the number growing each day. I was proud to be a part of her legacy.
But I wasn’t so loveable. No one really cared about Benton. I was just Shade’s brother, but luckily, it wasn’t a fact that I minded. Let her deal with all the glory. I was more than happy to share in the spoils of it all without the headache of ruling these crazies.
The bartender, a faery with bright purple-blue wings and long green hair that was as unnaturally neon as it could get, handed me two glasses full of the sweet, amber fluid and waved me off. Open bar too. How awesome was that? I was going to have to thank Shade for the party of the year.
I made my way back to Zena, but before I could get to her, I stopped in my tracks. She was dancing alone, her hair bouncing softly as she moved to the beat. It was almost as if she’d never been this free before, and now she was. I was lost watching her. Time slowed, and her hair flowed with each jump, hanging in the air for half a second before landing back on her shoulders in long, wavy locks. I wanted to drop the drinks right there, run to her, scoop her up, and kiss her flushed, dusty rose lips. She had snagged my interest without any effort at all. I had to remind myself that she had no magic. But maybe she did, in a way. Maybe she had her own powers that no one could categorize as Faerie magic.
It appeared so to me.
I swallowed down the dryness forming in my throat and continued toward her. Suddenly, a huge man bumped into me, sending the honey wine sloshing over the rims of the glasses and splashing partially on my jeans.
“Yo, man! Watch your—” I looked up at the guy, but all I caught was a side smirk and a dark glare before he disappeared. All my alarms went off at once, and before I could relocate Zena on the dance floor, I heard a scream echo through the crowd. No one paid it any mind except me, and I dropped the two glasses of wine and lurched forward, toward where I’d last seen Zena, shoving my way through the wall of people.
“Everyone move!” I yelled into the crowd, but only the nearest ones heard me, staring in my direction with intoxicated eyes, murmuring curious questions to their partners, asking what was going on.
I finally stood in the spot Zena had just been dancing in and spun again and again, searching the crowd for her deep maroon hair and svelte figure. Failing to locate her, I unsheathed my sword, set it on fire and held it up above my head.
“Party’s over!” I yelled, waving it around like a madman. Gasps and screams followed as people mashed together, trying their best to move away from me. The room burst into chaos as I made my way to the platform Shade had spoken on before. She also made her way there, eyeing me with a face full of well-placed concern.
“What’s going on?”
“They took her, Shade. The bounty hunter was here. He took her from right under my nose.”
“Who? Zena?”
I nodded, scanning the panicked crowd and darting my eyes across every face, mask and body. People stumbled over one another and out through the doors. I knew I wouldn’t find who I needed to. I’d been a split second too late.
“Guards! Seal the exits to the palace! No one leaves!” Shade’s voice boomed across the dance floor.
Shade meant well, but the bounty hunter and Zena were long gone. I knew because I couldn’t feel her anymore. I reached into my bag of tricks and pulled out a hairbrush I’d taken from Zena’s apartment. Laced through the bristles were locks of her hair. I’d taken it regardless of her complaints, just in case I had to track her down. It looked like I’d been right to do it. Gosh, I hated it when I turned out to be right.
“Benton? What’s wrong?”
“I’m going to track her. She’s no longer in the palace.”
“Who is this bounty hunter? What does he want with Zena?”
I shrugged, shaking my head and rubbing at the raw pain forming in my temple as I fiddled with the tiny wisps of hairs woven throughout the brush’s bristles. I narrowed my focus, blocking out the shouts of the crowd, and began muttering my tracking spell. My head was still thumping even though the music had stopped. 
“I don’t know,” I said when I had finished, “but I swear I’m going to find out.”




Chapter Twenty-One




Soap

The castle went through a thorough shakedown, but I could tell from Benton’s darkened mood that he’d found no sign of Zena. He sat tending to his tracking spell and waiting, hoping the stupid spell would find something. It had given him nothing so far, and he eventually disappeared. When I found him again, he was pacing the foyer of the castle. He’d already packed up to leave, but I found out that Shade wasn’t letting him go yet.
“I don’t see the point in staying here,” Benton snapped. 
“Just give your sister a moment, okay?” I interrupted. “She’s got her own tricks up her sleeve. Be patient.”
Benton lacked all understanding of that word and kept wearing down a path in the wooden floor.
“The trail is going to go cold if we don’t get moving.” He chewed on a thumbnail, growing more impatient by the second.
Dylan entered the hall with Shade, but she turned down another corridor as Dylan approached. When he spotted me, his eyes narrowed for a moment before settling on Benton. “Benton, Shade says you’ll need me to go with you to hunt for Zena. She fears the bounty hunter may be setting a trap for you both.”
“So she wants you to join on in the trap?” I scoffed. “How nice that she’d want the three most important men in her life together to be imprisoned by some Unseelie scum. “How are you supposed to help us, exactly?”
Dylan face darkened as he turned toward me, his lips pressed tight as he eyed me from head to toe with the most disdain I’d ever seen. His frigidness actually sent a vivid chill down my spine. We’d never been friends; if we were being honest, we couldn’t stand each other, especially around Shade, but we always fought on the same side. Enemy of my enemy, right? Something had changed between us, but our loathing remained mutual, and it wasn’t the time to ask about it.
“What’s the plan, Dylan?” Benton asked, pausing for a moment. He peered over at his brother-in-law curiously. Through the dark mood gracing his features, he wanted to know if there was any hope to be offered. 
“We’re going hunting for this bounty hunter of yours, that is a promise.” A servant approached with Dylan’s gear. He strapped on his sword and a hefted traveling pack onto his shoulders. He no doubt had a shrinking spell on it, which was now standard for Shade’s army.
“Right, but is there a plan?”
“Well, I’ve already asked Evangeline and Jack to help us. They’re sending Unseelie reinforcements to help us. The best of their soldiers are already on their way here.”
My eyes widened. “Unseelie… here?”
“This is absurd!” Benton yelled.
“It is necessary.” Shade’s voice cut through our complaints, and all eyes turned toward her. “Nautilus leads Anna and Oran’s army, with Evangeline and Jack as his lieutenants. The bounty hunter is Unseelie and most definitely has returned to his realm with Zena. We need people who know the territory better than any of us do. The Unseelie are the best choice. Don’t worry, Evangeline, Jack, and Anna are on our side. They’ll keep them in line.”
I shook my head. The thought of being in league with the dark creatures made me want to scream in protest, but it would be pointless. I could already see the very deep seriousness of Shade’s command. There was no going against her. She always did have everyone’s welfare in mind, even if her plan sounded absolutely insane.  
“And how do you propose that’s going to work?” Benton asked. “We didn’t exactly embrace the Unseelie. My whole job is to find the banished ones who escaped the realm of Faerie and either capture or incinerate them. You expect me to rub elbows with them now?” He let out a string of curses under his breath, but those nearest to him heard it all too well. 
“Aunt Evangeline will be a liaison between our realms. She is our blood. We have to trust her.”
“She’s a traitor. What is it with our sympathy for traitors? They’re going to muck it all up.” I’d never heard Benton speak so ill of his aunt, but I didn’t blame him whatsoever. He didn’t really know her, and she’d done so much damage before Jack had convinced her to accept a position as temporary guardian of the Unseelie realm until Oran and Anna married and took power. The whole situation was one big, fat mess.
“It doesn’t matter anymore, Benton. I command you to work with her and Jack. There is no other way to help Zena. We could let the bounty hunter have her, if that’s what you want.”
Shade wasn’t backing down, and the fire inside her reignited and splayed across her features as she stared down her little brother. Right there was the girl I’d first met over a year ago in the forest of Guildrin. She may have been vulnerable, new to her powers, and scared out of her wits, but her tenacity and determination never wavered, even when others were trying to kill her. I loved that girl, and I wanted to puff out my chest and beam at her fierceness.
Dylan threw me another sour look, and I counteracted with an overenthusiastic smile. Kill them with kindness. That’s all I could do.
No matter how hard Benton was, he buckled under her fierceness without any more protesting. “Fine,” he growled. He turned away from her and headed out the door, his somber mood lingering. I can’t say I blamed the guy for being so upset. We had both been head to head against the Unseelie for a good long while, and we both knew they could not be trusted. Could we follow the command of his aunt? Would she be reliable this time around, or would we be walking into one huge trap?
I swallowed. Either way, we had to follow Shade’s orders. She was queen, after all. I’d go wherever she told me to go, but I would always keep one eye watching for betrayal. I swore under my breath I’d make sure Evangeline didn’t slip up. At least we had Jack on our side. He’d make sure she stayed in line.

***

Dylan slid his sword into its scabbard. He’d been polishing it furiously for the past ten minutes. We were camped outside the Withering Palace, the Unseelie stronghold, for a day. It had taken us a good portion of the prior day to get there. His mood had not lightened, and Benton’s matched it. I tried to play the jokester, but even my crack-ups did nothing to lighten the mood over the camp. 
We’d seen Evangeline once, when we’d arrived, as Dylan went through the formalities of requesting permission for our presence in Unseelie lands. Jack had seemed welcoming, but no one dared look Evangeline in the eye. It was hard to not see the family resemblance between Shade and her now that I knew they were related. They had the same dark hair, light brown eyes, and creamy skin. Whereas Shade was recognized to be both human and faery in equal measure, most considered Evangeline as more faery than human, even though her father had been a faery and her mother a human fire elemental witch. She was a powerful woman, and the fear among her legions proved how much power she held over them. She kept the place under control. Anyone who dared to step out of line would be dealt a harsh punishment by Evangeline herself. 
I made a note not to piss the woman off.
“Have you spoken with your aunt yet?” I stuffed another bite of our meager dinner of beef jerky, dried fruit, and nuts into my mouth, chewing pensively as I directed my question toward Benton.
“No, not yet. I’m not close to Evangeline. None of us are. She was rather absent when we were growing up, and I doubt anything will be different now.” Benton resumed eating too, not really tasting his food, from what I could tell. He ate for fuel, not to enjoy any of it. I tried to savor my meal, but everyone’s somber moods weren’t much help. 
“Maybe it’s time to get to know her.” I jumped to my feet, stuffing in the last of my dinner and motioning to Benton.
“Come on.”
“Where are you going?” He didn’t move, but merely stuffed another handful of food into his mouth. I wanted to shake the guy into action, but I figured I had some convincing to do.
“To meet your aunt. I believe I’ve only met her once.” I scratched my head. “Maybe twice… but both times, it wasn’t under the best of circumstances.”
Benton shook his head, and I caught the faintest of smiles lingering beneath his constant scowl. 
“All right,” he said, jumping to his feet. “Let’s get it over with. Can’t say I’ve ever really spoken to the woman myself.”
“That’s the spirit!” I gave him a smack which sent his mouth full of partially chewed food flying out into the fire. I stared at the mash sizzling in the flames before giving it a shrug and nudging Benton toward the castle. Most of the Seelie army was not allowed inside, but since we were Shade’s lieutenants on this mission, we had access to everything, even the creepy Withering Palace.
“You know, Shade said that this place whispers to its rightful rulers,” he said. “Do you think Evangeline or Anna hear anything? It kind of freaks me out to think that this building is alive and breathing. Too weird.” He shook his head.
“Yeah. She told me it spoke to her after Aveta gave her command of the castle. I still can’t believe that Aveta helped Shade out the way she did. Who would’ve thought that evil woman could redeem herself, in any way? I guess there’s good even in the worst of seeds.”
“Well, I don’t believe that people or faeries are bad to the core. I think that it has a lot to do with upbringing and circumstances.”
“You think so?”
“Yeah.” He turned to look at me, and his mood seemed a bit lighter. “For instance, take Zena. If she’d been brought up by someone unafraid of Faerie and magical creatures, who knows what kind of stable life she could’ve led. Instead, she’s full of fear, but at least she’s kept her wits about her. Her mother on the other hand….”
“She’s a nutso.”
Benton’s shoulder’s tensed. “I’d rather not talk about Zena or her mother anymore.”
“All right,” I said, suppressing the urge to mention that he was the one who’d brought them up.
We were let into the castle and shown to the throne room, where a large conference table stood. It had been made from the cross section of tree so large that it nearly filled the chamber. Evangeline and Jack were standing over diagrams of the kingdom that were spread out over the polished wood. Oran was hovering on one side as they discussed strategies.
“Hello.” Benton announced our presence from the entrance to the throne room.
“Benton… Soap! Come in!” Jack waved us in, looking elated to see us. At least someone was glad to have us there.
We approached the table, and I didn’t fail to notice a nasty glare from Evangeline. You see, I’d been the one responsible for Evangeline and Jack’s separation years before. I’d been tricked by Dylan’s brother, Darren, into taking on Jack’s image to tell Evangeline that I—that Jack—no longer loved her. Even though I was fey and couldn’t lie, there were ways around that, especially when words are twisted and what is said is mostly true.
I didn’t love her. Jack did. I should’ve known Darren was nothing but an abusive manipulator who thought Evangeline threatened the bloodline of the Teleen if she married Jack. He’d just been too jealous to let them have their happiness and had used me since I was too young and naïve to know otherwise. I’d ignorantly gone along with Darren’s deception. The price Evangeline and Jack had paid for my idiocy was great, and I knew I had some atoning to do for the time they’d lost.
Now, at least, they looked happy together, helping to oversee the Unseelie kingdom until the rightful ruler took the throne once more. Oran believed he was the rightful ruler, but I thought it was Evangeline or Anna, since they were related to Shade. It all depended on the Withering Palace’s decision, from what I had heard, and the castle had been silent since Aveta’s death and Shade’s absence.
Aveta had given control of the castle to Shade when she’d been killed. Shade was the rightful ruler for the moment, so the palace spoke to no one in her absence. That was fine by me. I’d run like a scared mouse if the damned walls started speaking to me. I had no idea how Shade had handled it so well.
Evangeline scowled as we approached. “What do you want?” She wasn’t known for her warm affections. In fact, she was as cold as ice and had been a great compliment to Corb, the former first lieutenant and Ice King, when he’d led the Unseelie army for Aveta. Now with him gone, she had Jack at her side, but his joking and warm demeanor was more down to earth and had yet to rub off on the dark witch’s mood.
“Just wanted to see if there was anything we could do to help with—you know—finding Zena,” Benton said.
Evangeline shook her head, but Jack spoke up before she could offer another frigid answer. “Yes, definitely! Benton, can you tell us about this girl with the Sight?”
Benton threw a satisfied glare at his aunt. “Well, Zena is eighteen years old, like me. She has dark maroon hair that comes to her middle back, white skin, some freckles along her nose, and emerald eyes. She’s about yea tall, and she wears a jade-colored stone around her neck that helps suppress her Sight and keeps her from seeing through the glamours of faeries.
“She still can, however, sense magicals when they are near and has been running from a bounty hunter who’s been on her and her mother’s trail for as long as she can remember. Rachel, her mother, has asylum with the Raven queen and her faeries right now and sent us to fetch Zena. Unfortunately, I mind-wiped her when I was Vegas a couple of months ago, so I had to give her back her memory before we returned to the Scren. She is supposedly the key to helping us find a cure for Queen Aluse’s brother, who suffers from a withering ailment. This bounty hunter somehow snuck into the Scren and stole her from right under our noses.” He paused, inhaling deeply before finishing. He held out the feather Zena had snapped in half. “Zena said the stones that help those with the Sight suppress their powers come from these feathers near the Teleen Caverns. We were on our way there when we stopped at the Scren Palace, and Zena was taken.” 
He rubbed his eyes, and I noticed how stark they looked, with dark circles beneath them, and a sickly pallor to his skin. He’d been skipping sleep, that much I could tell. I decided I might slip him a sleeping potion from a recipe I had snatched from Braelynn in case I had bouts of insomnia. The stuff was awesome, and Braelynn had mentioned it was safe for human consumption, so it would work on Benton.
“I see.” Evangeline sighed, leaning forward on the table and pressing her mouth into a tight line. The rush of information had made her more businesslike. “This girl sounds like she’s important for more than just her gift of Sight. Is there any other reason you think this bounty hunter would want her?”
We both shook our heads, but then a thought jumped into my mind, something I’d almost forgotten.
“There is nothing out of the ordinary about Zena. She’s utterly magicless, and when Benton wiped her mind, the bounty hunter had one hell of time trying to find her. In fact, he didn’t find her the entire time she was unaware of her gift. It was only when we restored her memories that he came after her. I think it’s her Sight that causes the problems. It’d be silly to believe that it’s purely coincidence that she knows where the stones are. I think the bounty hunter wants the location buried with her.”
Evangeline nodded and straightened. “That’s plausible. I wouldn’t doubt that there’s something about these Sight stones we don’t know, and we should proceed with caution. Did she mention this location to you?”
“Yes. She said it was near the Haunted Forest, in the mountains high above a home of faeries. We assumed she meant the Teleen Caverns.”
“Good. We’ll go to the Teleen Caverns first, to ask for help from the Teleen. The bounty hunter will be expecting us, and we need people with knowledge of the terrain.”
We all murmured in agreement and waited for further instructions from Evangeline. She had the advantage now that Shade had put her in charge of this mission. I could tell it made Benton loathe the woman even more.
“There is one condition I must mention,” she said.
Benton lifted an eyebrow at his aunt. “What’s that?”
“You must stay here while Jack and I go to the Teleen Caverns with our army.”
“What? Why?” His hatred rose back to his face.
“You’re too emotionally invested in this girl. The hunter will use that against us.”
“That makes me an asset to this mission. Use me as bait, I don’t care, but I will not remain here in this treacherous palace while you carry out my mission. I’m just as powerful as any of you, and I will not be left behind. I know Zena. You don’t. She won’t trust you.”
Evangeline inhaled sharply, ready to reject his suggestion from the look she was giving us. “I’m sorry, Benton, but you must stay here.” She turned toward me, and her eyes sharpened like an eagle staring at its prey. It was less than comforting, and I struggled to stop myself from fidgeting.
“Soap and Dylan will join us. Oran and Anna will remain here in command of the castle.”
Benton curled his fists, turning purple with rage as we listened to Evangeline. I was afraid he’d spontaneously combust if he withheld his anger any longer. “I won’t stay here. You can’t make me.”
“You will, and I will make you if you do not comply.” Evangeline slammed a fist on the large wooden table, her complexion turning bright red beneath her otherwise calm demeanor. “If you disobey, you force me to throw you into my dungeons. Is that clear, nephew?”
Benton flinched at the last word. He’d never heard her call him that, and it was definitely not in a friendly context. He backed away a couple of steps before he turned and left without another word. 
It was obvious that fighting Evangeline would do no good, but I was going to have to make sure he didn’t do anything rash, or we’d end up prisoners in the Unseelie castle. Not exactly what I’d call a vacation.
Evangeline refocused her eyes on me as though she’d read my thoughts. “Keep an eye on him, Rylan. Don’t let him out of your sight.”
I nodded, giving her and Jack a slight bow. “Yes, Your Grace.”




Chapter Twenty-Two




Benton

“She’s pure evil, and I hate her guts.”
“She’s still your aunt.”
“Half-aunt.”
I paced the room we’d been given for the night. We’d gone there only to be locked in, and this infuriated me even more. “She has no right to lock me up. Shade will hear about this, and she’ll strip her of her authority here.”
I ran to the door and pulled yet again on the handle. It didn’t budge. How dare they treat me this way?
“Screw you, Vange! You hear me, you witch? You’ll regret this!” I slammed my hand on the door then shook it in the air as I continued my tirade back and forth, wearing down a path in the stone floor.
“Don’t waste your energy, bro. We’ll get our chance to get out of here, and we’ll find Zena.”
“What about you?” I turned toward Soap, my eyes burning from a lack of sleep. “Why would she stick you in here too? She said you could go with them.”
“Maybe she wants to keep me locked up until we leave so I don’t try to help you escape.”
“This is ridiculous. I’m the most qualified to find Zena, and yet she refuses to make use of me. That infernal woman is going to pay for this.”
“Just calm down already. We’ll get this sorted out.”
I didn’t want to sort it out. I wanted out of there so I could find Zena. The whole place was giving me claustrophobia. There was no air to breath. If I lived to get out of that place, I decided I’d make the place burned to the ground. I’d enjoy watching the flames lick the sky after I set it afire.
You will not set me on fire. Shade would not like that.
I spun around and stared at Soap, who was sitting at the window seat and staring out at the troops below.
“What did you say?” I asked.
He turned and gave me a funny look. “I didn’t say anything, Benton.”
Damn. I had to get some sleep. I was hearing voices now.
“You all right, man?” Soap looked overly concerned about me, and I really couldn’t blame the guy.
“Yeah, I’m good. I’m going to try to get some rest. It’s not like there’s anything else to do around here. They aren’t leaving until tomorrow, right?”
“Right.”
“Maybe with some shuteye, I can figure something out. There has to be a way out of this place. I’ll go mad if I stay here one minute longer.”
Soap nodded. “Get some rest. I’ll keep an eye out and see if I can figure out the lock on the door too.”
I nodded, turning toward one of the two beds in the large room. “Thanks, man. I knew I could count on you.”
“This whole thing is crazy. I don’t know why Evangeline is being so irrational. Maybe she’s just being overprotective of her kin now. Her way of overcompensating for not being there for you all your life?”
“Maybe.” I couldn’t care less if she wanted to make up for things she shouldn’t even worry about. All I knew was that I was going to let her have it for ruining this mission for us.
Rolling over, I faced the far wall and concentrated on the rough nicks and cracks inlaid in the dark grey bricks, hoping sleep would come to me. It seemed like it would stay away forever. 
“Hey, maybe a nice honey wine will settle you down. Here.” Soap handed me a mugful of the sweet wine. I accepted it, downing it with just a couple swallows before handing it back to him. 
A few moments later, the world faded away, and my body relaxed into sleep.

***

When I awoke, night had fallen. The only light was coming from the window. Moonlight and starlight danced and lit up the stone floor of my prison, and I hopped to my feet and walked over to the glass to peer down at the fires of our army below. On one side of them was a cliff that disappeared into an inky black darkness. The river ravine swallowed all the light without letting any of it reflect back from its deep maw.
Soft breathing came from the other side of the room where Soap lay sprawled on his back, on top of the blankets. We’d both been exhausted from our recent travels and had needed sleep more than we’d known. I was glad I’d gotten some, but a residual taste of a sleeping potion lingered on my tongue. I’d mixed the darn potion enough times to know what it tasted like, and I threw Soap a glare for drugging me.
I sighed. I couldn’t hold it against him. I really had needed to wind down and rest. Now, refreshed and ready to go, I was feeling antsy once more.
I crossed the room and turned the doorknob; I found it still locked.
“Dammit,” I cursed. Who was I, Rapunzel? I wondered if Dylan had known about this plan and had condoned it. If he had, he was going to be on my shitlist right along with plenty others, including Jack.
“How the hell are we getting out of this…?” I muttered to myself.
Suddenly, the door handle jiggled, and I stepped away, half expecting an Unseelie soldier or even the wicked witch Evangeline herself to enter. If it was her, I was ready to give her an earful. Instead, Dylan’s head came into view. 
“Benton? Whoa, it’s me.” 
I put down my blade, which I had snatched off the nightstand, ready to slice open whoever came through the door. I motioned him in, and he opened the door all the way. I heard Soap sit up behind me. 
“Hey man, what’s up?” Soap yawned and rubbed his face. “What time is it?”
“It’s late.” Dylan closed the door behind him and breathed out hard. “Look, all I can say is that we need to move now. Get your stuff; we’re leaving the Withering Palace.”
“Wait, what?” I returned to my bed, still unsure what was going on, but I slipped my boots back on just in case and slid my sword into its scabbard. “Jailbreak?”
Dylan nodded and tossed each of us a dark, hooded cloak. “I sent word that I didn’t agree with Evangeline’s decision to keep you here while they try to find Zena. She’d even changed her mind about you, Soap. She was going to leave without you. I guess she sensed you were too loyal to Benton. But you two know the mission better than any of the Unseelie. Shade was afraid something like this might happen, but she still wants Evangeline’s support. So while they go about their own search, we’ll trek ahead to check out this place with the feathers.”
I donned the cloak, wrapping its warm, soft cloth around my body and snapping together the metal clip which was designed to look like a leaf. 
“I’m all for sneaking out of this place. It gives me the creeps. You know it supposedly speaks to Shade? Like in weird whispers?” I shuddered.
Dylan nodded then placed a finger to his lips. I immediately quieted and glanced at Soap, who’d already donned his shoes, travel bag, and cloak. All three of us were ready for travel, but the trick was going to be getting out. The place was crawling with guards.
“Um, Dylan?” I whispered.
“What?”
“Any chance Shade told you about some secret passage to get out of here?”
He tilted his head toward me, a sly smile painted on his face. The bastard had a plan, and I was betting my sister was all behind it. 
“Just try to keep up.” He opened the door slightly and peered into the hall. “All right, all clear.” He swung the door open, and we went out one by one into the torch-lit hall. I could hear the echoing voices of soldiers bouncing off the stone walls.
Dylan walked confidently, pausing at times, and I could have sworn someone was whispering directions to him via an earpiece. I wanted to ask him about it but didn’t want us to make any unnecessary noise. 
Dylan stopped at what appeared to be an indention in the wall and reached out, pressing his hand against one particular stone. It sank in, and the entire wall slid away into a hidden slot. He turned toward us and waved us on.
I threw him a curious glance before heading through the hole after Soap. Once Dylan joined us, he pressed another stone against the perpendicular wall, and the slat of stones replaced itself quietly, all without drawing the attention of the guards.
“Okay, now we don’t have to be as quiet, but I suggest you keep your voices low,” Dylan said as he started into the darkness, but not before grabbing a cobweb-covered torch sitting in a sconce and lighting it with his inner fire, which he let spark from his fingertips.
“What the hell was that, man? Fess up.”
“What do you mean?” Dylan walked casually, holding the torch high in front of him as we made our way past swaths of web. It stuck to my hair and clothes, and the sensation of a thousand tiny spiders crawling over my skin made me shudder.
“You know. How did you know about this passage?” 
It suddenly dawned on me just how he’d done it. It did little to comfort me as we walked down the lonely passageway.
“Shade controls this castle, even though Evangeline and Jack have command of the Unseelie realm.”
“So she gets the castle to sneak us out of here?” I studied the walls, swiping away another cobweb.
“Yeah. She gave it an order to show me how we could get out. It definitely obeys its rightful ruler. It told me exactly where to go, when to stop, and where to find the hidden release in the wall.”
“Freaky,” I muttered. The place was as alive as I was. As any of us. I didn’t know what to think about that. “So it talks to you now?”
“Yes, but only because Shade commanded it to.”
I nodded, more to myself than to Dylan, since he was ahead of me. I wondered if it disturbed him to hear the castle talking to him in his head. I thought it was the weirdest thing. How did Shade tolerate it? She did have experience when it came to hearing voices. She’d had spirit guides muttering crap in her ears as long as she could remember. Only recently had she banished them from her mind, silencing them. What if this place had driven all the previous rulers insane? I hoped not. The thought of it made me shiver.
“So… what’s the plan once we get out of here?” Soap inquired.
“There are ways to get into the Teleen Caverns that only people who live there know about. We can make most of the journey underground from here, without being seen.”
“No kidding?” I laughed. It wasn’t every day I found out I could actually walk through Faerie without being seen. If I’d known there were secret passages all around, I would have asked for the map to them long time ago. “How do you not know that, Soap?”
He shrugged. “Well, I’ve always known there were ways to get to the Teleen Caverns besides through the forest, but only the royal guards ever used those entrances.”
Soap frowned, and I knew he really hadn’t known about these passageways. Dylan used to be captain of the guard, so it was more than likely he was privy to information that Soap hadn’t had access to. Regardless, it was obvious he felt as out of the loop as I did.
“I’d love to know more about these hidden passages,” I said. “If I don’t have to walk one more step through Faerie, I’ll never complain about anything ever again.”
“There’s a lot about Faerie that you don’t know, Benton,” Dylan said, pausing to look down the hall and sweeping the torch around to check out a branch leading off in another direction. “Some things you want to know, like secret passages. Other things you don’t want to know, like what the Unseelie do to those with the Sight, or how many humans disappear yearly because of Unseelie faeries kidnapping them, or—”
“Wait… what?” I was beginning to suspect Dylan was trying to get me all riled up. I shot daggers toward the back of his head, digging my eyes into his hair and imagining I was stabbing his brain with little pricks. The guy had a dry sense of humor. He was always brooding, quiet, and driving people mad with his poor attitude, but the guy really had some sick sense of humor. Even I wasn’t that narcissistic.
“Here.” Dylan pointed toward the branch splitting off from the hallway. “I’m told to go down this way, and it’ll let out at the bottom of the mountain, right into the Haunted Forest. It’s a shortcut to the outside perimeter of the Teleen Caverns.”
Neither of us questioned him, relying on pure faith that the voice of the Withering Palace had told us the right way to get back to Dylan’s home. I wasn’t placing bets on it yet, but from what I could see, we’d made it that far without resistance. It made me smile to think Evangeline was probably losing her wits wondering where we’d gone. Even though we were technically kin, I had no plans on getting to know her. She was the last person I’d want to be related to if I’d had a choice.
We followed Dylan until I thought the darkness was never going to end. Maybe I didn’t want to know about these secret passages after all. There were probably many more of them—too many to keep them well-guarded. What sort of creatures could pop up behind our lines? And walking through Faerie this way made me feel hyper-claustrophobic. I wasn’t sure I wanted to do this on any regular basis, and with every step we took, more oxygen seemed to be sucked out of the air.
What was wrong with me? I wasn’t normally so tense. It was pathetic.
“Are we there yet?”
This time Dylan threw me a warning look to keep my trap shut. I turned back toward Soap, who shrugged and kept on without complaint. He seemed more tired than usual. I knew how he felt. A bit of conversation would have helped keep me awake, but no one appeared to be in the mood to chat. I had barely slept since we’d arrived at the Withering Palace, but thanks to Soap’s sleeping potion, I felt somewhat rested. However, dealing with Evangeline and getting tossed into the tower like a fairytale princess had rubbed me the wrong way, and the residual resentment had drained what little energy I’d gained.
The Withering Palace was no five-star hotel, that was for sure.




Chapter Twenty-Three




Benton

The outer branches of the Teleen Caverns were long stretches of nothingness. And they seemed unguarded. I wondered if they posed a threat to the faeries. Dylan didn’t seem too concerned, but I saw him light up as the passageways became more and more familiar. We didn’t even have to take the exit into the Haunted Forest; these tunnels led all the way through to the outer reaches of the caverns. We even started passing some guards posted in remote areas of the tunnels.
It was a relief to see the soldiers, for it’d taken a long time to get to this point. Plus, my feet were killing me. We’d just skipped untold miles through rough terrain, but I was concerned to realize that the Unseelie were but a tunnel trek away from directly infiltrating the Teleen. I cringed to think about how easily the caverns could be overtaken. Glancing at Soap, I saw that he had similar concerns.
Dylan had fallen back a bit now that we were in friendly territory. “Don’t worry, Soap,” he said, reading our thoughts. “The Withering Palace doesn’t just tell anyone how to wage war against the Seelie, even its own rulers. The palace wasn’t always the home of the evilest faeries in the land. There are rules the land of Faerie must follow, and overthrowing another clan just because there are back ways to this place isn’t allowed.”
“I find that really hard to believe,” I muttered. 
“I was pretty skeptical myself, but Shade has had long chats with the castle, and she was quite surprised to find that the Withering Palace, hell, all the land of Faerie, was united at one point under one ruler. Not four, and not dozens like it is now. One.”
“And that worked out pretty well, right?” I scoffed. I wasn’t really expecting an answer. If it had been so wonderful to be under one ruler, why had it epically failed centuries before? Heck, even being ruled by four psychotic Ancients had done nothing but separate the realms even more, inserting large wedges into the already fragile and shaky lands. I doubted all of Faerie would ever be ruled by just one leader again, and my tone let Dylan know my opinion on that. 
Dylan shook his head, rolled his eyes, and turned away. The cavern widened, opening into a cavernous room. No one spoke. We were all awed by the wonder of the beginnings of the Teleen Caverns. I’d forgotten how overwhelming they were, beautiful and haunting all at the same time. 
We entered the outer edges of the faery dwelling and walked through a ward that tickled my senses more than it did the other two. I could tell, because they didn’t flinch at the zap we received when we passed through it.
Now I knew how they protected these outer reaches of the Teleen Caverns. If someone came along who wasn’t welcome, they would either bounce right off the ward or get themselves fried, depending on how much of a threat they posed. I shook off the crawling feeling of the barrier and eyed Soap and Dylan as they finally noticed my discomfort.
“Don’t worry. The awkward sensation from the ward will wear off in a few minutes.”
“How come the ward didn’t affect you two? I feel like my skin was just flash frozen.”
“We grew up here,” Dylan explained. “We no longer even get tested by the wards. If you had entered through the main entrance, it wouldn’t have zapped you so much.” Dylan forced the smirk off his face, but I could tell he wanted to laugh his ass off. I wanted to throat punch him. “Since this is the back entrance, so to speak, it’s a lot more powerful and scrutinizing of those who enter. You’re not even a faery, so I’m surprised it didn’t knock you off your feet. Your elemental powers kept you stable enough to not get too much of a shock.”
“That’s comforting.” I grimaced and shook the eerie feeling off my body. Slowly, it faded until I didn’t feel like hurling my guts onto the floor anymore. I breathed in and out slowly, feeling much better. I muttered curses under my breath, but no one was listening. In fact, I was surprised to find Nautilus waiting for us at the edge of the large pools of water along both sides of the smooth rock pathway we were walking on. He was supposed to still be back at the Withering Palace. He must have left well ahead of us. Was he also part of Dylan and Shade’s plan?
“Nautilus.” Dylan gave him a nod as he paused and shook his hand. “Thanks for coming ahead of us to notify Queen Gretel and the guards of our arrival. I hope there was no trouble?”
“My pleasure, Dylan. Yes, I don’t believe Evangeline or Jack noticed my departure. The troops covered for me well.” He peered over Dylan’s shoulder and waved at Soap and me. “How was the trip?”
“Not bad,” Soap answered.
“Could’ve been shorter,” I muttered, rolling my shoulders and shifting my weight between both legs. They ached something fierce, and I was going to need a good, deep-tissue massage.
The merman laughed at my complaint as he let go of Dylan’s hand. “I’ve set up some sleeping quarters for you all. I’m sure you’re in need of some rest after that jaunt. It’s a shortcut, but it’s still rough on the legs. Also, dinner is set up for you as well. You must be starving.”
“I’m up for some food,” I answered, glad we would have a moment to recharge. I was famished. Even the cool water of the Teleen pools looked welcoming and calm, yet dark and ominous in the deeper parts. I pondered a swim later, after dinner, but decided against it. They appeared bottomless, and I wondered if one fell in and drowned, would they sink to the bottom forever, never to be retrieved? I studied my reflection in the still water, wondering what lay beneath the surface.
“These pools are where we get our fresh water,” Nautilus explained, seeing me peer into the water. “No one knows how deep they really are. They’re heated by geothermal activity, which keeps them warm year round. I’ll show you the bathing shallows after we eat; they’re not so overwhelming. Shade was quite fond of the swimming holes when she stayed here.”
At Nautilus’s mention of my sister, Dylan stiffened. I didn’t think he appreciated another man telling him what his wife liked or didn’t like. I’d seen Nautilus compete for Shade’s affections long before she and Dylan had married. Though not much threatened their relationship, it was obvious that my sister’s courtships continued, regardless of her union. Marriage had done little to keep guys like Soap and Nautilus away from her. I knew it had something to do with how few women there were in the Teleen clan. 
It was unfortunate that the Teleen men could only mate with women who had a fire affinity; otherwise they’d kill their mate. It made Shade more precious than gold in their eyes. I felt sorry not for them but for my sister. She had a lot to deal with, and I could see that no one was ready to give up on her. She’d been bombarded by gifts and offers of marriage before she was married, but the only ones worthy of her hand were still at her side, regardless of her choice. Dylan, Soap, and Nautilus all loved her. The poor girl still had a lot to contend with.
I wished I had that problem with women. There were no women pining for me in the caverns. They were already taken. Even though I had an affinity to fire, the women of the Teleen had no shortage of men. They could choose the ones they loved the most and even marry multiple men if they wished.
That was a new fact for me, something Dylan had mentioned as we walked through the pool caverns and into the main Teleen halls. I didn’t know how the other guys felt about it, but I was as monogamous as a person got. One woman was enough for me, and I wasn’t into sharing. How the Teleen men did it was a mystery, but I guessed that when it came down to it, there was no choice when there were only so many mates who could survive the fire power of the Teleen. I supposed sharing was better than nothing at all.
After a fabulous dinner of venison and a variety of fruits and vegetables—which left me wondering just how they procured them—and, of course, a generous amount of honey wine, Nautilus and Dylan led us to the guest quarters and showed us each into our own rooms. I didn’t particularly like my room; Shade had almost died in one of these guest rooms when she’s first visited the place. But it had a soft bed, clean linen, and a tub that I could soak my sore muscles in. And I needed to sleep; we all did. If we didn’t sleep, what good would we be to Zena or Aluse’s brother? So we each disappeared into our rooms, bathed, and turned down the sheets for the night.
It didn’t take long for me to pass out in the cool darkness of the stone-walled room. At first it was so quiet, I felt like I’d been tossed into the vacuum of space, but after a while, I began to notice the muffled roar of distant waterfall, vibrating through the solid rock. It was more soothing than anything I’d heard in ages, and I had soon passed out, lost in dreamland. We had an early start in the morning to find the sacred feather place.
One step closer to Zena was one step I’d take willingly. I knew I’d see her again.




Chapter Twenty-Four




Soap

I stared across the throne room where Dylan was speaking to Queen Gretel. The tiny queen was a sight: frail and thin, but with thick, long dark hair and large black eyes. Most Teleen had eyes like that, but not all, and they often looked human, with their glamour wrapped around them to hide the brilliant blue fire and electricity flaring under their skin. Some refused to wear the glamour and never left the caverns. 
Those individuals adhered to the ancient ways and abhorred the thought of change. I didn’t blame them. After so long, why bother going out into the world, especially when it was so different from what they knew? With Shade as queen, the influence of human society was growing stronger, and it was quite different from the land they had once called home. But the change had begun even before Shade’s arrival. The younger generations of faeries were more attracted to the human realm and had brought back human culture, technology, and ideas.
 “Hey, pal.” Nautilus came up next to me, slapping me on the shoulder.
I tipped my head toward him in greeting, but I wasn’t in the talking mood. If Benton was the king of brooding, I was his heir apparent. 
“Not much. Just ready to get this mission over with and get back to the Scren.”
Nautilus threw me a curious look, narrowing his eyes. He stared long enough to make me fidget as I leaned against the pillar. “What? Got something to say?”
“You still love Shade, don’t you?”
I shrugged. Of course I did, but I wasn’t ready to discuss it with him. He was out of the running too, but I still considered him competition. I wasn’t going to give him anything to use against me.
When I didn’t answer, he continued regardless. “Hey, I was going to make a proposition… could you put in a good word about me to Anna? Shade is taken, but I still have a chance with her sister.”
I gave him a sideways glance; he’d caught my interest. “All right, I’ll bite, but I’m not volunteering for anything yet.”
Nautilus laughed, and it was a laugh a person couldn’t help but lighten up around. It was almost irritating how he could shake me out of my glum mood when I was just starting to enjoy it.
“Look, I was thinking. The women of the Teleen marry multiple partners because there are just not enough of them to go around. There are no available women at the moment here, so it’s getting to be a lonely existence for us men. I love Shade, but the competition is too stiff, especially since she already has Dylan and you.”
My shoulders slumped. “Has me?”
“Well, what I was going to suggest is this. If you talk me up to Anna, I’ll get out of the running for Shade. That way you can ask her to take you as a second husband, and you’ll be happy knowing I won’t try to get in the way.”
I was taken aback, my eyes widening as I turned to gape at Nautilus. “Are you insane?”
“Hey, you and I are both from Teleen. So is Dylan. I don’t see why this would be such a huge issue. Polygamy is common here.” He motioned toward the svelte queen, who was still talking with Dylan. “In fact, I’d bet Queen Gretel would even insist that Shade marry more than one man from Teleen, and Dylan wouldn’t be able to say one thing about it.”
I shook my head. “I can’t force her to marry me and neither can Queen Gretel. That’s never going to happen. If she does decide to marry me, I want her to do it because she wants to.”
Nautilus nodded. “Well, it’s worth thinking about. I might ask Queen Gretel to help me with Anna anyway.”
“Anna’s a human. She’s less likely agree to it than Shade. Plus, she has no obligation to follow Teleen orders.”
“You never know. Maybe I can figure out a way to have her marry me instead of that ogre, Oran.”
“Good luck with that,” I sighed, rubbing my temples and pushing my hair back away from my face. “I think I’d have more luck with Shade than you would with Anna. Hell, you might as well ask Shade to marry you also. It won’t matter.”
Nautilus brightened, and I immediately regretted suggesting it to him. “If you don’t mind, I might just do that.” He gave my shoulder another smack before turning toward Dylan. “Oh, by the way, I hope you’re ready. It’s a long trek to the top of the mountain, but we have steps to take that’ll get us there faster.” He winked and turned away once more. 
I sighed, rubbing my face as I scolded myself for giving too much information to Nautilus. Damn. I had to learn to keep my mouth shut. I’d just added to my problems with one sentence. Good going, Soap.
Groaning, I straightened and checked my pack for medicine to kill the encroaching headache. I had slept, but it’d been fitful, full of strange images and flashes of blood accompanied by screaming. I wasn’t too worried that it’d been a premonition—I didn’t get them that often—but the feeling of unease had crept through me and had hindered my rest. At least breakfast had helped lighten my mood.
“Hey, Soap.” Dylan approached, finished speaking with the queen.
“Hey, pal. What’s up with Her Majesty? Anything we need to be concerned about?”
He shook his head. “No. Well, maybe. She’s extremely frail, and I think she’s actually considering stepping down from the throne.”
“What?” I peered over at the queen, who was attending to some of her subjects, speaking with them. “But she doesn’t have an heir.”
“She said that she’d have to choose her successor.”
“Wow. That’s insane. I’ve never known anyone but her as ruler.”
“Yeah, me neither.”
“Did she mention who she’s thinking of for the job?”
“She did. She mentioned Jack, but she’s afraid his duties at the Withering Palace might take precedence. The next time I see him, I’m to ask him to come speak with her.”
“Did you tell her that we weren’t exactly on speaking terms with Jack and Evangeline? They wanted to keep Benton and me as prisoners!”
“Yes, I told her.”
“And?”
“Well, she wanted to know if there were any others I’d suggest for the position.”
When he didn’t continue, I impatiently urged him on with my eyes. This was the most interesting news I’d heard in ages.
“I suggested she could ask Nautilus or even you.”
“Me?” My heart sped up. Wow. Dylan really wanted to get rid of me. That’s the only reason he’d suggest me for the position. “I’m only half Teleen. That wouldn’t go over well with the rest of the clan.”
He shrugged, uninterested in my dilemma. “I suggested it, so if she calls on you, you’ll know why.”
“You’re doing this to separate me from Shade.”
He stopped in his footsteps and slowly turned back to look at me, his gunmetal grey eyes darkening slightly. I didn’t find the malice I’d expected in his face, just a mask hiding his thoughts from me. I swallowed. There I was, not a minute after my conversation with Nautilus, sticking my foot in my mouth yet again.
“Why would you say that?”
“Because….” I shuffled back and forth on my feet. “We dated once. It’s no secret. You have to know by now I still have feelings for her.”
Dylan closed the space between us, and his hardened eyes drilled into me. I wasn’t afraid. I’d known Dylan all my life, and as the previous captain of the Teleen Guard, he’d been required to be fierce, unmoving, and unrelenting. I knew this was all a façade, an attempt to scare the wits out of me. It wasn’t going to work.
“Watch your words, Rylan. There are so many things you don’t know.”
He moved away without looking back. I felt his power recede as he disappeared around the corner, leaving me with my breath stuck in my throat.
The guy was hiding something. Was there another reason he’d suggested me for the Teleen throne? He was right that there were few of us left who were capable of taking command of our home, but why would he think I’d be ready for such a role? And those words he’d said before he left… he hadn’t infused them with hatred or anger. In fact, it made me wonder if whatever he was hiding really did have something to do with Shade’s feelings for me.
I shook it off as Nautilus returned to fetch me for our journey. I followed him to a cavern that rose up high above my head, ascending up the interior of mountain, where we found Dylan already assembling the soldiers. I hoped we would find Zena at the sacred feather place. If we didn’t, there was no knowing where else the bounty hunter may have taken her.
There were soldiers from the Teleen joining us, including Nautilus. Their assistance was welcomed, but I doubted it was going to be much help. If Dylan was still angry at me, it didn’t show. He waved me over, and without another word, he held out the harnesses we all were to wear while climbing the walls. We may be faeries, but most of us couldn’t fly. Well, most of the Teleen faeries couldn’t. We had servants, demi-fey who were the size of my fist and hovered about us, tending to the straps and tightening them while others zoomed up the cliff-side and made sure the anchors held.
Cave climbing was the last thing on my list of things to do before I died. I peered up at the slick, steep walls and swallowed hard. I’d grown up in the caverns and had climbed smaller walls, but I never had to attempt to climb this particular one. It was horrifying to say the least.
“Soap.” Dylan held out the rope I’d be using to anchor myself. “It helps if you don’t look up too much, and definitely don’t look down. For goodness sake, if you have to pick one, don’t look down.”
I focused on Dylan as he secured his own rope, and I knew from the look of concern in his eyes that he was worried about me.
How thoughtful of him.
“Dude, have you even looked up? This wall is impossible.” I shook my head before scanning the ranks and finding Benton two men down from me. I wondered what the hell he was thinking. From the looks of it, he was having a grand old time, cracking jokes with the soldiers and swatting the demi-fey away as they fussed over him.
“Careful, Benton, the demi-fey take such violent offenses personally,” Dylan called out to Shade’s little brother. “One might loosen your rope if you piss it off enough. But they’d be wise not to, because Queen Shade would be mighty angry and punish the culprit if anything were to happen to her little brother.”
He said it loud enough for all the demi-fey to hear, and a collective gasp rang out amongst the flying gnats. Dylan had just made sure none of them got the idea to loosen a knot or two or tamper with anything of Benton’s. No one wanted to suffer the wrath of Queen Gretel or Queen Shade.
“The wall angles inward slightly, doesn’t it?” I asked nervously, more to myself than anyone. “We’ll be climbing at an angle the whole time. Might as well be climbing across the ceiling.”
Dylan laughed, wrapping the last of the rope in a loop and tying it to his hip. He was wearing black climbing gloves, and his dark hair was snuggly secured against the nape of his neck.
“Yeah, it’ll be a challenge.” He laid a hand on my shoulder, and I turned toward him. It reminded me to ask him later what he’d meant when he’d said I didn’t know a lot of things. “Look, there’ll be plenty of time to discuss things later, all right? No hard feelings between us. I promise not to toss of you off the side of the mountain, and you promise not to freeze up, all right? I’ll be right ahead of you. Don’t look down, and don’t panic. Got it?” 
I nodded, chuckling at his straightforwardness, like we were old friends. It wasn’t comforting at all. In fact, my stomach made an unpleasant roll as I took a pair of gloves from a hovering demi-fey and slipped them on, yanking the Velcro straps tight and flexing my fingers.
We used a lot of human-made things in Faerie. Some, like the gloves, were obviously better than the faery alternative of bare hands and twine rope. Good thing, too. I glared up at the cliff looming over me like a monster ready to strike. Up above us awaited a crevice we’d have to navigate through, but this was definitely the worst part, from what I could see.
Great.
“Come on, now. The mountain isn’t going to get any tinier with you staring up at it with your mouth hanging open. You’re more apt to catch flies.”
Dylan laughed as he pulled his body up, bending his legs at the knees and flexing like a spider. I was going to sorely regret this climb in the morning, and my whole body protested as I took one step forward, gripped the wall and began my ascent.
It went well for about ten feet before my foot slipped, and I found myself dangling by one arm.
“Shite!” I cursed.
“Come on, Soap! Clean that mouth out with… soap. Use your legs, buddy!” Dylan paused above me, waiting patiently. I knew this climb was going to go slowly, and he was obviously far more adept at climbing than I was. One advantage of being captain of the guard was that he’d been force to hone his body, and he’d done it by climbing the cavern walls, among other things. Damn, how I wished I had paid more attention to such things.
“Got it!” I called out, placing my free hand back against the stone and finding a crack for my foot to slip into. Breathing in and out slowly, I followed Dylan’s advice and refused to look down or up. I had to concentrate on the rock in front of me. Grunting, I shot my arm up toward the next handhold. Grasping the sharp edges, I heaved my body up, pushing off with my legs. Once I had a good rhythm going, it got easier.
One rock at a time, that was how everything should be. Soon enough, I was near the outcropping at the top.
“Awesome job, Soap.”
Dylan held his hand out toward me and smiled as he pulled me up over the edge. The rest of the Teleen soldiers cheered each other and patted one another on the backs as each huffed their bodies over the precipice. 
Leaning over and peering just past the edge, I heaved my breath in and out, catching it as I let the burn of exertion in my muscles fade away. It’d been no easy feat; the height was that of a thirty story building. I was glad it was over and hoped I’d never have to do that again.
“That was not on my bucket list, but I think no one is going to mind if I add it and then check it right off again.” 
I laughed and turned toward Dylan. The exhilaration pasted on his face mirrored my own. He nodded before joining the line of soldiers already working their way off the ledge and through an outlet in the wall formed from a small trickle of water. It had worn away a crevasse the size of a man, and we had to squeeze through one by one. I followed behind Dylan, shimmying my way through the crack and following the blue glow of Teleen as each one shed their glamour and lit the small pathway with their glow.
I decided to do the same. It’d been so long since I’d transformed into my Teleen self that I’d almost forgotten how it felt to feel the blue fire and electrical currents running along my skin. I was half Teleen, but that didn’t mean I couldn’t prance around while aflame.
When we reached the end of the passageway, we made our way to the outside, emerging behind a waterfall. Now I knew where the water that had eaten away at the rock had come from. The water roared as it pummeled the rocks and sent a spray over the line of soldiers. I could see Nautilus up ahead, reaching out toward the cool mountain water and letting it run down his arm. The spray was enough to make me shiver, even with my fire burning. Most of the soldiers donned their humanlike glamour when the water began steaming off their fiery bodies. I transformed back as well and let the fine mist send gooseflesh flaring up along my arms. I welcomed it as it refreshed my aching body.
Up ahead, the new captain of the guard, who had accompanied us on this mission, motioned for us to stop and be quiet. I listened to my surroundings, and through the churning of the water, I could just barely make out a distant scream.
Zena. It had to be her.




Chapter Twenty-Five




Benton

I heard her screaming before I made it out of the falls, but I didn’t waste any time. I cursed under my breath. She’d been so close while I slumbered in the caverns below. I shoved past the other soldiers despite their protests and Nautilus snapping at me to stand down.
I gave chase. I wasn’t built to follow orders. It was petty stuff that just got in my way.
Empyrean blade in hand, I was already leaving a trail of broken branches and smoldering bushes in my wake after exiting the waterfall. The path was overgrown with shrubbery, but I slashed it away until the screaming stopped. I paused to listen for Zena’s location. She was so near; I could feel her presence. I hoped I hadn’t made my own presence known. 
“Zena,” I breathed out softly, huffing my breath into the crisp morning air. I could hear nothing but the soft wind, the roar of the waterfall, and the rustle of soldiers behind me. The scream had been silenced.
“Damn.”
Benton.
I straightened, hearing my name like a faltering of the breeze. When it didn’t return, I pushed forward, making my way to the sacred feather place we’d been told about. It had to be nearby. If there was any place I might find her, it would be there.
I didn’t have to trek for too long before I found the alcove. An oversized rock jutted out from the forested mountainside, hiding an indention in the descending slope. Inside was a large grotto. I slipped down into it and peered into a small pool of water formed by a trickling spring bubbling up through the rocks. It was as wide as a small private pool, and the water was crystal clear. I could see smooth, mossy stones lining the bottom. I studied the hanging ivy and vines, scanning for these legendary feathers and, of course, Zena. 
Benton.
I flinched as the whisper of my name hit me like an explosion. She was calling to me, and I couldn’t find her. My frustration was making my head hurt as I spun, holding my sword out and darting my eyes around. Where was she? There were no feathers that I could see.
“Things are never what they seem in the land of Faerie,” I whispered to myself, concentrating on the grotto, focusing my magic to peel away any glamour that might be hiding the true nature of the place. I forced my magic into it to break up the lattice of illusion. It took a good infusion of power, but eventually the ground beyond the pool began to vibrate. The glamour sloughed off like old paint, revealing a fifteen-foot-wide faery circle formed of mushrooms of all sizes. Dried leaves and twigs peppered the ground. It was an unusually flat spot hidden in the cliff-side forest, but on this even terrain rested a variety of long, white feathers with thick shafts. They were scattered inside the circle, unaffected by the breeze whirling around me as if I stood at the edge a barrier meant to keep whatever was inside the circle separated from the elements. Vines swung above me and dirt flung into the air, slapping into my skin, stinging like sharp glass. 
“Enough!” I yelled out into the air, sending another push of power into the circle, using my elemental magic to shift the direction of the air. The whirlwind slowly calmed down into a gentle breeze, losing its strength as my powers drained it.
The rest of the soldiers came up from behind me, observing the grotto and faery circle with curious eyes. There was nothing but the feathers within the circle from what we could all see, but I knew better. There was more magic there than most faeries or magicals could detect. A powerful, older magic most creatures of Faerie had never encountered had hidden up there in the heights of the world, undetected for centuries. I sensed the energy of something or someone who had lingered near the human realm not so long ago, someone curious and with a taste for elemental magic.
The witch of the woods.
The memories of what my uncle Brendan had written about the witch in his grimoires put me on edge. She’d been the reason he’d died, crushing his elemental magic like dust beneath her fingertips. I had to be careful.
“Dylan, Soap,” I called back to my comrades, waving them forward to join me near the edges of the unnatural circle. The wall it created warped my senses, and I held back the urge to heave my breakfast all over the forest floor. The two Teleen warriors approached me, baffled as to why I’d called them closer. “I need your help. There’s a barrier here I can’t dismantle. I need to borrow power from you guys to break through it.” 
“Do what you have to do, Benton,” Dylan said, and held out his arm.
“What exactly are you going to do?” Soap stepped up and mimicked Dylan’s movement, but he looked increasingly skeptical.
“I need a drop of each of your blood.” I plucked a dagger from my belt, took Dylan’s hand, and stuck the point into his palm. I had to give it to the guy, he didn’t even flinch as I pressed my fingers down, smearing the blood onto them. I turned toward Soap and repeated the process with the opposite hand. “Now this might feel a bit strange, but don’t worry; it’s all good.”
I held out my arms and closed my eyes, focusing my power into the circle and pulling magic off my two comrades. Dylan kept silent, but Soap let a grunt escape his throat as I stole their power, funneling it against the barrier along with mine. It felt like an eternity until the barrier wavered beneath my assault, and even so, I took more magic than I had intended. My own stores were nearing depletion, but the barrier finally began to crumble. A deafening silence followed the disintegration of the ward, as if someone had muted the forest.
I fell to my knees and let go of my friends, holding my breath as my body shuddered from the effort. Dylan and Soap followed suit, linked to me through the spell I had cast over the circle. If I hadn’t broken through, I would have had to sever the spell or kill Dylan and Soap by completely draining them. There was no doubt I would never hurt them in any way, but seeing them tremble next to me, almost convulsing, worried all the soldiers as a medic was brought forward. But nothing looked different. The ward had fallen, but a remnant of the glamour was still holding on.
“Come on,” I mumbled, staring straight ahead.
Suddenly, the air shattered, and I was sent flying backward along with Dylan and Soap. They landed beside me, and the breath was knocked from all three of us. I felt everyone’s panic rise up like a tidal wave.
The dust blew wildly around us, blinding us, until at last a soft breeze cleared the air and revealed what had been hidden beyond the barrier. The circle of mushrooms was in shambles, and within the space now stood an old wooden house. Feathers littering the surroundings like an angel had been plucked to death.
“What is this place?” I struggled onto my feet as did Dylan and Soap, whose pallor concerned a small corner of my mind. I reached out and touched them both, sending what little healing power I could conjure deep into them. 
Reading the grimoires in my family’s Pyren had done me a world of good. The healing magic spread between the three of us, still linked by my power amplification spell. Still wobbly on their feet, my friends joined me as we studied the small cottage and glanced at one another, perplexed.
There was only one way to find out if Zena was inside, and that was to enter. I threw Dylan a look telling him that I intended to go in. He gave me a tiny nod and readied to follow me. Soap joined as we approached, and Dylan signaled for the guards to keep an eye on the perimeter and wait for us there. The current captain followed to the side, ready to take down whoever was inside if something happened to us.
I really hoped that whatever was waiting for us was just Zena and information about the feathers and not some satanic witch bent on eliminating all forces approaching the house.
“Zena?” I called out, wanting nothing more than to find her alone within the cottage. Sometimes we don’t get what we want but what we need to see.
From the cottage emerged a young woman with dark brown hair extending down to her waist. She wore a long dress that reached to her ankles, tightening at the waist and up into a flowing blouse. She peered at us as though she had been expecting our company and curtsied as I approached closer.
My friends were no longer by my side, and I threw a glance back toward them to find that they seemed unable to cross into the faery circle.
“Let my friends through.” I turned back toward the woman and held out my Empyrean blade. 
She shook her head, grinning in amusement. 
“I cannot let them through. Only humans may enter the circle.”
“What?” I turned toward my comrades, but Dylan motioned me on. I was the only one there who was human; I would be alone as I entered this woman’s domain. I turned back to her. There was nothing overtly threatening about her, but I was certain that she wasn’t there for anyone’s benefit but her own. 
“Where’s Zena?” I asked.
“The red-headed girl?”
I nodded.
“She’s perfectly safe. She’s waiting for you inside.”
“Why should I believe this isn’t a trap?”
“I assure you, it is not.”
“Why would you banish faeries from your residence then? What good could come of that, and why would a human witch take up residence here anyway?”
Her eyes darkened even though her smile didn’t falter. “There is one other among you who may enter the circle. There is much beyond my door that both of you must know.”
Confused, I stared at her as a flurry of whispers erupted behind me. There was another human among us? What was she talking about? I turned to eye the group of soldiers. They were all looking at their comrades, wondering if what the witch had said was true.
“There are no other humans here,” I said.
“You’re wrong.” She lifted her arm and pointed into the crowd. “A half-blood like your sister, yet so unlike her. One who knows nothing of his past yet is burdened by his future.”
I followed her fingers to find them indicating Soap, who stared at her in disbelief.
“I am not human.”
“How would you know?” she asked him. Rylan looked around as all eyes fell on him, looking paler by the second. “You know nothing of your birth, your history, your heritage. Enter the circle, and I can show you what you’ve been searching for your entire life.”
I watched as Soap took a moment to digest her words. Finally, he stepped forward, eyeing the mangled mushrooms on the forest floor. He stepped over them without resistance, stunned that he’d been allowed to enter.
“Come now, half-breed and elemental. I have much to show you.”
 



Chapter Twenty-Six




Soap

The inside of the cottage was full of stuff, so much so that I wondered if we’d fallen into an episode of one of those hoarding shows without knowing it. Shelves lined every free wall, stocked full of bottles, dried herbs, jars of dead animals, spices, and some things I couldn’t identify. It was definitely cozy and bigger inside than out.
I wondered what sort of spells this witch had used on her home. Powerful energy flowed through the place, and even for Benton, who was quite adept at stuff like this, seemed momentarily taken aback. I was used to Benton’s witchy powers, and Shade’s, but this was a whole different kind of witch.
“Where’s Zena?” Benton asked as we crossed the threshold.
“She’s right back there.” The witch walked toward the rear of the room and lifted up some material covering a doorway. Behind it was another room about the same size as the first. There, we spotted Zena sitting quietly, playing chess with an unseen companion… or maybe just by herself.
“Zena!” Benton called out to her, but as he ran for her, he hit an invisible barrier much like the one surrounding the cabin. “What the hell?” He turned toward the witch. “Let me through!”
“I’m sorry, Benton. I can’t do that.”
She was sorry? I pressed my lips tightly together and gave her a dirty look as Benton stepped back and glared through the doorway.
“What do you want, witch?” he snapped, turning back toward the woman. She smiled gently, as though she couldn’t hurt a fly. I knew better. She was venom disguised as sweet nectar. There was only so much you could do to hide a black heart.
“You have something I need. So does Zena. I’ve been searching all over the world for the last of the Sight stones.”
“Why?” I asked.
The woman appeared annoyed by my question and huffed out a breath as she dropped a few herbs into a concoction cooking over a small fire on the tabletop. The place looked like a chemist’s dream—or a meth lab nightmare.
“The human realm does not need to see the world of Faerie. Humans with the Sight… they’re not only in danger from faerie folk but also a danger to others and themselves. This world of magic—it’s unnatural. Seeing it is even more so.”
“Like you’re so au natural?” I snickered. 
She ignored my insult and kept rummaging through the things on the table. I wondered what she was up to and grew suspicious as she kept on pouring fluids and mixing stuff and muttering indecipherable words under her breath.
“What are you doing?” I asked. I glanced at Benton. “That’s not a spell to mess us up, is it?”
She didn’t stop but threw a sharp look our way. If I wasn’t such a gentleman, I would have wrung her neck right then and there. But witches were not to be trifled with. One should especially be cautious while they’re casting spells. 
“Stop what you’re doing.” Benton held out his hand and snapped his fingers. Immediately, the witch halted her words, and her arms flew to her face, crossing them just in time to let Benton’s spell smash into her forearms. It caused her to step back a bit, breathing out hard as she eyed Benton wildly.
“That was unwise, elemental.”
“You’re the one who’s doing unwise things, and I suggest you stop whatever it is you’re doing and let us go.”
She shook her head but did not move to continue her spell.
“What do you want with us?” I asked.
She scoffed, frowning deeply as she eyed us both up and down before settling on Benton. “You’re so much like your ancestor. Handsome. Powerful. And yet… not so bright.”
Benton looked confused. “What are you talking about?”
“Brendan. Your uncle.” Benton tensed at the sound of his ancestor’s name. “He was quite a looker in his day. Too bad he’s nothing but dust and ash by now. Returned to the earth.” She sighed and reached out for a flask of bright blue fluid. Benton lifted his hand and flicked his wrist, pushing her fingers away from the bottle. She bit her lip and placed her hand back on the table.
“Make a move for your concoctions, trinkets, or whatnot again, and I’ll remove your arms myself.” Benton’s mood had soured, and I almost wanted to chastise the witch for getting on his bad side. I wouldn’t want to be in her position. He could be mightily frightening if you caught him on a bad day, let alone if he had a bone to pick with you.
“Elemental….” She tsk’d through her teeth, shaking her head. “I thought I’d gotten rid of most of your kind long ago. I can see that in my solitude, I have grown careless and once again let your kind flourish like weeds. I won’t be making the same mistake again.”
She reached out for the blue fluid once more, but before Benton could swipe her hand away, she flicked her fingers and hexed him. He stood frozen, shocked from being unable to move yet still breathing and fully aware of where he was. My mouth dropped open, as I stepped forward to grab the witch. She produced a cord from nowhere and tightly coiled it around my body. I lost my balance and flopped to the floor.
“I didn’t think the Teleen would be such fools, yet I find I have been quite incorrect as of late. You.” She pointed toward me and approached, taking a far closer look than I cared for. “Half-blood, are you? I can see that you have no idea what your heritage is or who your family is. Would you like me to show you?”
“What would you know about my family?” I grunted, trying in vain to break through the restraints. My struggle only made the ropes tighten, and my attempt at setting them on fire with my powers left them smoldering, stinking up the room but failing to ignite. Even the malicious witch made a face at the stench.
“Don’t bother trying to singe anything in this room. It’s fireproof. I know better than to give fire elementals or half-bloods like you any fuel. I’m not that stupid.” She snapped her tongue against her teeth, tsking away again as she continued mixing her spell. She finally poured the blue fluid into the pot.
“Rylan of the Teleen… yes, you are from Teleen, but your mother was banished from there long ago.”
“You know nothing about my family. How dare you claim to know anything?”
Her eyes narrowed at me, focusing a sharp, icy glare that dug into my head like a migraine. I gasped for air as her unrelenting eyes caused me anguish, and all I could do was try to take short, quick breaths through the excruciating pain.
She finally let me go and continued muttering her spell, offering me information in between her chants.
“She wasn’t too keen on the old ways of the Teleen, so she left them long ago, never wanting to return. Iana was a lovely woman. Fair skinned, emerald eyes, thin figure. Just like a beautiful Teleen. But she wasn’t a full Teleen. Not all of them are as pure of blood as they would like to believe. You see, her leaving didn’t go unnoticed, for a woman with an affinity to fire is a rare flower, and the men of the Teleen were hungry for mates then as they are now.”
I clenched my eyes together. “I don’t need to hear any more.” My raspy voice barely came out above a whisper; the ropes were too tight for me to breathe more than a few words at a time. “I can’t breathe,” I whispered, feeling my blood pushing into my head and pounding like a drum in my ears.
“Oh, sorry about that. I had to be sure they wouldn’t let you go.” She waved her fingers, and the ropes loosened enough so I could breathe again. I went slack against the warm, earthen floor of the cottage, letting the life-giving air revive me and relishing the lack of pressure against my chest and head.
“Now, where were we?” she wrinkled her nose as she grabbed a snake from a sack, snatching it by the sides of its head and forcing its mouth open. Two large fangs hung out, and as she leaned forward, she milked its venom into the bubbling concoction. “There. Just a few drops of that and the life of it for good measure.” She snapped the snake’s neck, twisting until the head came off the body. Its tail whipped as she drained its lifeblood into the basin as well. “Like I was saying, your mother was a rare Teleen woman and there were men who wanted her very much. Especially one.”
“Who?” I asked, glancing up at Benton, who was dripping with sweat. “Can you please stop what you’re doing to my friend?”
“Oh, right,” she muttered. She thrust a hand out, ending the hold on Benton. He collapsed to his knees, panting from being held rigid for so long. Despite his exhaustion, he attempted to rise and run toward the witch, but she wouldn’t make the same mistake twice. He ran right into another invisible barrier, bounced off, and was sent sprawling onto his backside.
“Let us go, witch!” Benton’s anger flared across his face as he shot flames from his hands, letting the small spheres of fire sail toward the walls. They bounced off another in visible barrier and fell to the earth, reabsorbing harmlessly into the earth.
“I told you, I may be naïve at times, but I’m not so stupid as to fall for your tricks twice. You need to sit and wait, elemental. Your time is coming.”
“This is bull.”
She paused, amused by his annoyance, her eyes sparkling like stars in a black sky. “No, my dear. This is revolution.”




Chapter Twenty-Seven




Benton

“What do you want with us?” I asked, feeling defeated at being trapped in an invisible cage. I didn’t have the energy to even attempt to break through the barrier. There was nothing to do but wait and listen, hoping she’d make a mistake.
“Shhh. It’s quite rude to interrupt a story!” She glanced over at Soap, flicking her wrist again. His ropes dropped off and turned into small black snakes which slithered away, quietly finding holes to burrow into. Soap rubbed his arms and legs where the ties had dug in and breathed a sigh of relief. I held out a hand to help him to his feet, which he took gratefully. He joined me in my stare down as I tried to figure out what sort of imprisoning spell she’d cast over us. I’d never read about this in any of my ancestor’s grimoires. How could that be?  
“Now where was I? Oh yes.” She turned back toward Soap and smiled. If I hadn’t already known about the tar black soul inside her, I might’ve mistaken her for a nice person.
“Your mother was raped by a Teleen man who had just joined the ranks of the fire clan and had become enamored of her. But you see, he wasn’t all Teleen either. He was a type of creature who could morph into anything, be anyone. I thought he was a friend of mine. He joined me on my expedition south, where it was rumored to be warmer and the beaches were gorgeous. I traveled with this man for a while before I realized she wasn’t who she said she was. In fact, she wasn’t a she at all. When Tycob discovered that I knew he was an impostor, he changed back into himself and decided to claim me.”
Her eyes darkened as her mind flew into the past. My eyes darted to Soap, who was paling by the second as he stared hard at the woman now lost in her memories. Has she admitted to what I thought she had a moment before? It couldn’t be….
“He raped me. He took my innocence. I rightfully should’ve been able to give it to a man I chose. He wasn’t just a Teleen, he was a monster, a half-breed of some sort with a touch of elemental magic. He overpowered me with his own brute strength, and I was unable to fight him off.” She inhaled sharply, looking like the pain of the memory had just ripped open an old wound and let a crimson rush of blood gush out.
“You—you’re my mother?” Soap was too stunned to understand, and I knew I had to break through this blasted barrier and get Zena out before this woman came back to her senses.
She swallowed as she stared hard at her son. “Once he’d had his fill of me, he drank himself into a stupor. But not before tying me to a tree. I broke through the bonds with my witch powers—I hadn’t yet revealed my powers to any of the Teleen. Then I killed him as he slept, stabbing his cold heart with a knife he had strapped around his waist. And I fled into the night.”
Soap’s face fell, his shock spreading across his features as he listened to her story. I was pretty surprised myself, but I eyed the barrier, sending small jets of magic to probe its surface. Maybe it would be weakened while she was distracted.
“I bore a child from that dark union, and try as I might to love it, I saw that man in the child’s face. He’d left me barely alive, without regard to what would happen to me afterward. I know that if I hadn’t gotten free, he would have left me to die. A man like that deserved death, and no trace of him can be allowed to remain.”
I widened my eyes. What the hell was she saying?
“But that doesn’t explain why you want all elementals dead. Why are you doing this? And what do you want with Zena?”
The witch broke out of her reverie and focused on me. I suddenly regretted drawing her attention again. Every time she stared at me, my chest felt like it was going to burst. I prayed she would remain a bit foggy, lost in her mind, before she remembered to torture me again.
“He was part elemental, as am I. But he never used it for good. I had to get rid of all elementals, especially if I was to get my revenge. Not just his family, but all those who help the elementals too. Even those with the Sight, who caused me more pain than I thought possible. I tried to hide with human elementals, but they did not care for my faerie powers. One among them with the Sight exposed me. Their betrayal left me no choice but to kill them as well.” Her unfocused eyes sharpened and really looked at me then. “Your Uncle Brendan helped me with that. I tricked him into becoming my friend. He was my lab rat. I used him to find the perfect solution to destroying all elementals.”
“But he killed that witch… the witch of the woods. He killed her, and that was his demise, his undoing. She’d cursed him in death.” My eyes burned with hatred, but she didn’t notice that I was focusing on something else, something the witch couldn’t see just yet.
“He thought he killed me, but he had only defeated a projection of a monster I created to frighten him. He fell for it, and with its dying breath, like a darkling creature, it injected a poison into him that ended his life. My success depended on that poison killing him. Although it took longer than I would have liked, it did its job and found me a way to kill Tycob’s family. And all elementals.”
“You would kill all elementals for the actions of one?” I flinched at the increasing pain in my head. The sharp ringing in my ears was growing louder, and as the agony amplified, I found myself on my knees, growing weaker. “We are not him. You cannot condemn one race for the faults of one. It’s genocide.”
“It’s cleansing.”
I shook my head. “You’re wrong. You condemn the earth and all of Faerie if you take these kinds of matters into your own hands. And what of the Teleen? Why not kill them too?”
“I don’t care about the Teleen. They are already dying. Why do you think there are no females born to them? Who do you think cursed them with that misfortune? Female Teleen were always rare anyway. They would have died out eventually; I’m just helping that process along. Soon the blood of all those who betrayed me will be gone.”
“Does that include me, Mother?” Soap was on his feet and standing at the edge of the barrier, facing his mother. She turned, and the pain in my head subsided. Soap was no doubt taking the brunt of her mental attack.
It failed to bring him to his knees, and she watched him as he got as close as he could. He placed his palms against the invisible wall and stared at her.
“I dreamt of you my entire life. I remember you now, even though you took steps to make me forget everything. Your spell did nothing to keep my thoughts from wandering to that faceless woman who would feed me, tuck me in at night, and sing lullabies when I refused to sleep. You may have rejected me due to the violence of my conception, but you could not bear to hurt me. You told me yourself that it would be good for me to be with others of my kind. You could not bring yourself to kill me, so instead you let me go.”
She shook her head and looked away, tears forming in her deep hazel eyes. Her lips quivered as her hands began to shake regardless of the drive inside her, working to complete the spell.  “No. I failed back then. I won’t fail again.”
“And why would you bring us here now? What does Zena have to do with you and me and your hatred of elementals and the Teleen? Why does a human with the Sight have anything to do with what you’re planning?” Soap tilted his head toward his mother, and I knew that he had figured out something that was just now dawning on me.
“You loved Brendan!” I blurted out, feeling the barrier give under my power. I’d probed it enough to find a weakening frequency. It was old magic that I had read about in the grimoires, weak and subtle, but it was working against her barrier spell. “And he refused you. Didn’t he? What else would bring about a war against the one thing my uncle had strived to save in his lifetime? The ones with the Sight. The vulnerable humans he watched get torn apart before his eyes, helpless and unable to defend them against the magicals like me, like Soap, like you.” 
Now her eyes were back on me, tears sliding down one of her cheeks and hatred marring her pretty features. She was immortal, like any Teleen faery, but she was also something else, hence her witch blood. A man strong enough to subdue her would have had to have been one powerful man in the Teleen clan. Of course she’d killed him, and for that I didn’t blame her. But the rest of this vendetta? She had lost herself in her quest for revenge. It had extended to all Teleen, all elementals, and all of those gifted with the Sight.
“You look so much like your uncle, it sickens me,” she spat. Nothing on her face told me she’d be merciful, I got that. But she had to let Soap and Zena go. I’d make sure of it.
“I know Tycob was an ass to you, and I really don’t blame you for killing that monster, but my uncle was married. He was in love with his wife. How can you fault a man for loving someone other than you when you already knew he did so? Why would you allow yourself to fall for him when you knew there was no way he could reciprocate your love?”
“The Teleen women can marry more than one man. He had an affinity to fire, and he wasn’t a Teleen. Who better to love than one who was not part of the world that had scarred me so badly? I asked him to leave his wife because we didn’t need her, but he refused.”
“So you killed him.”
“I didn’t mean to kill him.” More tears. More lies. Even if she broke down and gave up her vow to kill us all, I didn’t think I could like her one bit. She was more broken than anyone I’d ever seen, and I’d seen some really damaged people. “He was supposed to sleep deeply,” she continued. “Deeply enough that his wife would believe he was dead, and then I could claim him for myself, forever. But he loved her more than anything. He adored those who couldn’t help themselves. So I poisoned him.”
“Oh, he’s sleeping pretty much forever now,” I scoffed.
This angered her, and she approached the barrier, malice dancing in eyes still full of tears. “You dare spite me, elemental?”
“I dare a lot of things.” I hoped my big mouth didn’t get us all killed. “But what I would dare the most right now is anything to have you let Zena and Soap go. They are innocent, and you know that. They have nothing to do with your war against those who harmed you. Isn’t Tycob dead? Isn’t he long gone now? To what end do you continue this? What will you get out of it? There is nothing to come but more sorrow if you continue down this road. There is nothing here for you anymore; you have to let go of this poison because it’s consuming you. It’s taken your life away from you. You even gave up the chance to raise your son, the only part of you that is good and bright. You lost that before you ever gave it a chance.”
Her tears were dripping from her chin, and she wiped at them. She turned away, sparing me another mental assault, for which I was grateful for. As I paced back and forth, I could tell my words had awoken something inside of her. Or maybe she was realizing that Soap truly had returned to her, the lost son she’d given away before she’d given him a chance to love her back. Who needed the love of a significant other when there was real love given freely from a child? He’d been the one who’d needed her the most, and she’d given him up.
“There is no redemption,” she finally muttered, turning back to her elixir and reaching out for a bottle filled with a dark sludge. “There is only vengeance and death. Only heartbreak and violence. Even for the Sighted.” She peered at Soap, a calm coming over her features. She looked like she had found the answer to it all. “Zena is innocent, but I knew she would be the key to bringing you both here. She’s one of the last of the Sighted, so that part of my mission is almost complete. Do you know why I picked this spot? I’ve brought generations of Sighted here, but not to kill them. The stones help ward off the Unseelie bounty hunters I set upon them myself. Without my magic, they wouldn’t be able to survive.”
I shook my head. What was she talking about? I was more than confused. “I don’t know what you’re saying. You mean you don’t kill the Sighted?”
Cracking a sad smile, she nodded. “I don’t. I continue Brendan’s work with them. I hunt them not just to give them stones if they don’t have them but to eliminate their defect. I wipe their minds of the things they’ve seen and let them go on with their lives, with nothing to fear from Faerie.”
I was stunned. She was dealing with those with the Sight, but not in the way I had thought. “Why would you do that?” I asked. This woman was a puzzles, and I wasn’t sure the answers she could give me were going to be worth the asking. From the malice dancing in her voice and the low-throated giggle rising from her, I knew there was more to it than a simple mind wipe.
“I remove their gift and give them a stone to keep the noises of the magicals from bothering them.”
My eyes widened. “Remove their gift… you blind them?”
I turned toward Zena, feeling my heart drop to my gut. “Zena?”
“She couldn’t hear you before, but now she can hear everything.” She snapped a finger, and Zena turned our way. She had not looked in our direction before, but now she followed the sound of the snapping fingers. Her eyes remained unfocused, shimmering with a white glaze covering what had been the brightest emerald eyes I’d ever seen. Now they were a muted green, imprisoned behind a haze that would never allow her to see the world again.
“You blinded her?” I shook my head, my mouth drying while my rage rose, threatening to consume me. “Why? She knew how to control the Sight. You took her eyes….” I turned back to her. “You’re a monster.”
“I’ve been called worse things,” Iana snapped, unfazed by my words.
“Undo it,” I demanded.
She huffed, laughing at my request.
“Undo it or I’ll—”
“Or you’ll what, little elemental?” She grabbed a flask, dipping it into the gooey elixir and corking it before dangling it in my face. I swore that if that barrier fell, I would wrap my hands around her thin neck and squeeze so tightly her eyes would bulge out of her skull.
I backed away, turning and placing my hands on the barrier between Zena and us. “Zena. It’s Benton.”
“Benton!” She stood up and staggered over to the barrier, touching it with her hands first and feeling for its end. “I can’t get past this thing. Not sure if it’s a wall or what.”
“It’s a barrier the witch placed to keep us apart.”
“Thank you for coming to save me.”
“Any time.” I smiled as her fingers touched the barrier near mine. If it weren’t for it, I would have already been holding her in my arms. “I’ll always come back for you.”
She smiled, her beauty unmarred by the veil over her eyes. I wanted to reach out and place my hands on her face and try to heal whatever damage Iana had done. I’d search to the ends of the world to figure out how to fix it. I had to. I owed it to Zena.
“I can’t see.”
“I know.”
“Be careful, Benton,” she whispered. “She’s powerful.”
“I will. Stay down; this might get messy.”
She nodded and felt her way back into the room. She slid down and crawled along the ground to find something to hide under. She may have been blind, but she was a smart girl.
I turned back to Iana, who was holding up the flask and shaking it vigorously. She didn’t seem to care what I was doing as she giggled insanely. The woman had lost her bloody mind. Not even Soap’s presence could bring her back.
“What now?” I asked Soap. 
“I don’t know. We need to break the barrier.”
“I can break it,” I whispered. “It took a while, but I found a weakness. I need a distraction.”
He shrugged but noted a black snake crawling near our feet. He avoided it, and we both watched it as it slithered across the floor toward the door to the outside. It crossed the barrier without any problems, and we both watched as it made its way out through the gap under the front door.
The magic didn’t affect animals. Well how about that?
I turned to Soap and hoped he knew what to do. He nodded as we both focused back on Iana. She was busy checking her elixir. I assumed it was the same poison she’d used to kill my uncle. No doubt she was going to use it on me.
Full circle. I honestly didn’t like the thought of that. Brendan had died for being kind to this woman but failing to love her, and my feelings for Zena had put me at the witch’s mercy.
I threw Soap a nod, and he backed away to where he could transform without being seen. I, on the other hand, was going to distract his mother with talk, undoubtedly one of my best skills.
I hoped my silver tongue was up to the task.




Chapter Twenty-Eight




Soap

“You think you know everything. You’re as blind as you’ve made Zena, and you don’t even realize it.”
Benton was already working his words over Iana, and I cringed at the thought of being at the other end of her wrath. I stepped slowly away as she refocused her death glare on Benton and held out a flask of her concoction.
“If you knew what was coming, you’d beg me for mercy.” She shook the flask, giggling maniacally under her breath.
“I’ve heard that line before. Sorry, you’re not my type.”
Benton crossed his arms and threw her a mocking smirk. Iana began slinging curses his way right through the barrier. Now was my chance. Benton would have no problem dodging them. He’d seen a lot worse in battle. A witch like her would be no problem. 
Okay, I was feeling relatively confident he could dodge them. I just hoped I was right.
I crept into the shadows behind a hanging bear hide draped along a shelf. Once I reached it, I morphed into a snake, just like the ones she’d used to coil around me. Once on the floor, I undulated my slick, scaly body, getting used to the odd mechanics of snake movement. My body felt odd, like I lacked bones, but my muscles responded even more in this form than in my human-faery body. It was liberating, and I could move faster than I thought, just with a flick of torso.
This kind of transformation was not my forte. My usual antics included tricks of glamour. Complete manipulation of my body to another form—especially a smaller creature—felt odd.
Once at Iana’s feet, I considered biting her. Would I be able to inject venom like the snakes I was emulating? After a moment of indecision and before she could discover me, I morphed back to myself and jumped her from behind, tightly wrapping my arms around.
Immediately, I wished I’d bitten her. She struggled far more than I would’ve guessed a frail-looking witch could. I never thought she had it in her.
“What? Let me go!”
She stomped her feet onto mine, jerked, and sent us rolling to the side. I held on despite her desperate struggle. My shoulder ached as I landed on it. Grunting to keep her subdued, I realized I was losing the battle.
“Benton! Not sure how much longer I can hold her!”
He was already shoving an unthinkable amount of magic into her barrier. I felt the energy in the room shift as it shattered. The effort didn’t seem to drain him that much, for before rushing forward, he paused long enough to pull a flask of dark purple fluid from his hip pack. He uncorked the flask and doused the witch’s face with the liquid.
Her screeches were deafening, and I had to let go to cover my ears while she convulsed on the floor, violently thrashing against me until she went utterly still, letting out a slow, whistling exhale.
Had he just killed her?
We had to take her down, but taking her out like that? I was left stunned, and my head continued to ring from her screeching voice. It had to have been laced with magic; my thoughts were cloudy, and a wave of dizziness hit me as I crawled toward her, rolled her over, and pulled her into my lap to check her vital signs.
“Iana?”
Benton was now at the other side of the room, working his spell on the barrier blocking the door to the room where Zena was being held. He shattered it easily enough and immediately reached in to scoop her into his arms. It was touching, but as I stared back down at Iana, feeling her neck for a pulse. Desperation grew inside me. This was the woman who had birthed me. Her spreading pallor was a cause for concern; I could feel no movement from her, no breath.
“Benton? Did you kill her?”
He set Zena down on a chair in the corner of the room and reassured her before heading over toward me.
“I might have.”
“What? We didn’t want to kill her. We need answers. She could be the catalyst or key or whatever the hell Rowan said we’d find here. We can’t help Aluse’s brother if you kill one of them!” My heart pounded as I pushed Iana’s wild locks from her face, giving her body a small shake. “Iana?”
“Look, man, it was her or us. I picked us.”
“You can heal her, can’t you? We can take her as a prisoner.” I peered up at Benton, pleading for him for help. “We need her. You know this.”
“I’m the key,” Zena called to us. “The catalyst is not the witch, but you’ll need her. She’s like a focal point. She’s gathered the gifts of the Sighted, concentrated that power into herself, causing this phenomenon. I am the key to unlocking the stones. The catalyst is my brother, a Nephilim. He must also be present if any cure is to be found for the withering disease. We are the way to save Faerie, or all is lost.”
Zena’s voice trembled. Her back was as straight as a rod as she spoke, but as soon as the last word left her lips, she collapsed. Benton jumped to catch her, guiding her as she slid off the chair and onto the floor.
“Zena? What are you talking about?”
“If Iana dies, we die with her. She has connected herself to us all. Faerie, witches, humans, Nephilim, we must all thrive if the world is to survive. Benton?” She blinked her eyes up at him, empty and white, smiling as her fingers caressed the hair dangling in his face. “Save her, Benton. I know you can. Save her to save us.”
He nodded, and without further questioning, he laid her down gently as blood trickled from her nose and her face paled. I worried we were already too late. 
Benton returned and pulled out another bottle. I suppose it was an antidote to whatever he’d splashed onto Iana. He poured it into her mouth, sprinkling some over her face and pressing his hands to the sides of her head, muttering something I didn’t understand. It was old magic, older than any language I’d ever heard. I could tell because the entire room vibrated, and the frantic whispers of the dead filled the air. 
It was visually stunning and yet terrifying at the same time. Some ghosts rushed throughout the room, holding their heads and screaming silent wails while others stood encircling us, muttering the same spell as Benton. A man who looked a lot like him emerged from the vapor around us, joining him in the chant.
I was looking at Brendan, Benton’s uncle. I was sure of it, because it was he who bent down toward Iana, whispering his chant to her before speaking in a language I could understand.
“Iana. It’s not time yet. You have much work to do. Release yourself of this vendetta and turn to the way of the light. You will find peace there and only there. I forgive you.”
With his last words, a rush of air blasted through the cottage, sending us all sprawling to the floor and into darkness, for all the candles in the room went out all at the same time, shrouding us in inky darkness.
I shook off the blast, my eyes adjusting to the blackness. There was the slightest illumination from the vapor still filling the room, but it was waning. I rolled toward Iana to find her eyes open, staring at the ceiling with her lips slightly parted. Her chest moved with a weak but steady breath while a single tear fell from the corner of her eyelid, down her face, and to the floor. She was weak but very much alive.
“Iana.” I reached out and touched her hand. She blinked but was too drained to move. “Just hold on.”
“Benton?” Zena’s voice was a tiny sound coming from the other side of the room. I blinked, trying to focus on her as the rest of the room came back into focus. Benton was staggering to his feet, doing his best to shake off the blast of spirit energy.
“Benton?” Zena said, sensing him as he approached her. “My brother… you have to free him. He’s chained with powerful magic, and… and he’s dying. Iana has drained him far too much.”




Chapter Twenty-Nine




Benton

“Zena!” I was at her side again, feeling as worn out as she appeared. “Where is he?”
Her hand lifted toward the room where she’d been trapped. “There. He’s in there. Unveil him first; he’s glamoured to be invisible. The witch has been slowly draining him with bespelled iron chains. Remove them, or he and I will die together. We are forever linked.”
I nodded and made my way toward the room. Zena was growing weaker by the second, and her usually pale skin was looking even more sickly now. I had to hurry and find her brother, or I’d be burying three corpses by morning.
I wasn’t about to let that happen to Zena or anyone in this room now. I’d been short sighted trying to kill Iana, but at least I had reversed my spell in time. All this magic was wearing on me, and I was sure I would collapse soon, but I fought to stay awake each and every passing moment. I’d had a boost from my uncle Brendan, who had shown up in spirit form, but the infusion of his ghostly energy had worn me down.
But I’d never give up. I would die before I let my body hit the floor.
Inside the room, I peered around, seeing nothing. I could smell burning flesh, and I wrinkled my nose, knowing there was another shielding spell at work. Closing my eyes, I expelled yet another dose of my magic, searching for the glamour. A minute passed, and I failed to focus on him. I called out to her.
“What’s his name, Zena? I need an anchor for my spell.”
“Xyon. His name is Xyon.”
“Okay.”
A person’s name, whether magical or not, carried enough power to help me direct my magic to its bearer. I focused the name in my mind and felt it grasp onto something. I pushed my energy into the glamour, creating a small crack in it. I began peeling it away with ease now that I had him pinned down.
The glamour faded away, and before me, hunched over and weakened, was a withered angel, stripped of his feathers, starved, and severely emaciated. His large green eyes blinked at me, popping out of his skull like two swollen orbs. He’d been tortured and fed too little. He wouldn’t have survived for much longer. I could see an empty plate next to him, licked clean. 
Zena fed me. She gave me her food even though she’s also been given so little. He didn’t even have to speak. He had a telepathic voice that felt like an unscratchable itch inside my head.
I nodded and reached down as Xyon held his shackles toward me. I placed my hands on the charmed irons clasped over his wrists and broke them. A deafening snap of metal assaulted my already overwhelmed senses. This magic was powerful, and it took the last bit of power I had in me to sever the bind the witch had placed on him. The guy was so weak, I doubted it’d take much power to keep him put. 
I wasn’t sure how I’d pull all of this off. I was sure I wouldn’t have been able to if my ancestors had not joined me. I had no idea how I’d called upon them, but something had carried my voice across the veil between this world and the next. Just pondering this in my mind revealed the answer—there was that much magic in this place. The cottage was built over an energy vortex leaking power directly from the Land of Faerie. I must have channeled it when I took Iana down. No wonder she’d chosen this spot for her treacherous work. It amplified magic with ease.
I sat for a moment beside Xyon, recovering a bit of strength. I had to bind Iana to keep her from doing any further damage. It was going to take more than the magic I had left inside of me; it was going to take even more than I could capture from everyone in the cottage.
I helped Xyon move into the main room where Zena sat recovering from the magic bind that I’d released her from by freeing Xyon. They held on to each other, murmuring reassurance to one another. I was glad to see Zena’s color returning to her cheeks.
I, on the other hand, needed a boost.
“Soap. Go get the others. They should be able to enter this place now. I need their help. I need their magic to help me bind Iana before she wakes up. Otherwise, I’m done, man.” I knelt down onto my knees, huffing as my body struggled to keep itself upright. Breathing in and out, I felt my body scream in protest. A nap would be awesome.
Soap nodded and eyed the woman with great concern before getting to his feet. He was also drained from being near her when I’d cursed and almost killed the witch, but he managed to straighten up well enough to go outside and gather the Teleen warriors. 
If there was one thing I was happy about, it was that I had several Teleen to help me. Their powers were stronger than most faeries, save for my sister and the ancients, but none of them were readily available. Teleen recovered a lot faster than ordinary fey, and I needed their strength to recharge.
Dylan rushed in and surveyed the room before throwing me a wide-eyed look. “Benton… are you all right?”
I nodded and waved him over to where I sat by Zena and Xyon. I pointed at the twins. “Help him. He’s Zena’s brother. They both need to get out of here. But first, I need some more of your power and that of the other soldiers. I need to bind Iana with these.” I held up the same chains that had once bound Xyon. “I need to do it before we leave this vortex of power.”
He nodded, not in any position to question me. That was one thing I liked about my brother-in-law: he was never one for petty doubts or drama. He knew when things needed to get done and did them.
He held out his arm and gave me a slight nod. “Do what you have to do. I’ll send the others in to help you as much as you need.”
“Thanks, bro.”

***

Returning to Aluse’s domain was going to take some time. No one was in any condition to travel right after our encounter with Iana. Not Soap, not Zena, not Xyon, and especially not me. We were all drained, so the decision was made to head back to the Teleen Caverns until we all recovered. We sent word to Aluse and also to Shade, who needed to meet us at the Teleen Caverns and help us figure out what was needed of her and the other three to cure Trey.
The Teleen Caverns never looked more welcoming as I tossed myself onto the bed in the room I’d occupied the night before. Every millimeter of my body ached, and I could probably sleep for weeks, but I knew just a few hours would be enough for the moment. Draining some of the Teleen soldiers’ powers had helped, but it’d been an excruciating ordeal, and I was done with siphoning power off others for a good long while. It felt unnatural and left psychic fingerprints from every person I did it to. Sometimes a memory of theirs would flit through my mind, but it never made any sense to me. Other times I felt an unreasonable panic over something. I wondered if Ferdinand, the self-titled “Siphon Lord” I’d met in Chicago, ever felt this way after draining faeries to peddle their magic to others for profit.
Siphoning magic sucked, and I made a note to myself to never do it again if I could help it. Besides, it was forbidden in Faerie.
A whisper of concern slid through my mind, but I brushed it off. I wasn’t a faery, so therefore the rules of Faerie didn’t apply to me. I was an elemental, a human warlock. And I’d just saved the entire realm from destruction, right? That had to buy me a pass. No, I thought, it didn’t. Faerie doesn’t like to play fair.
I had to ask Zena and Xyon about how the witch had made herself the focus of their power. And Shade fit into it all in some way. Iana wasn’t the only player in this game. Faerie was weakening, spells were fading faster than they should, and healing took longer than it should have. No one knew why. Something had weakened Faerie, but I had no idea how it all worked.
Once Shade arrived, I’d have to ask her what she thought about it. Maybe it had something to do with Kilara or what whatever was messing with Rowan. The Ancients were very much involved in the wellbeing of Faerie, but I had to figure out how.
Until then, the witch would have to be kept alive and imprisoned while I returned to the archives to find more information about tying the powers of Faerie into Zena, Xyon, Shade, and Iana, four beings of a very unusual nature. Maybe this was what Rowan had been speaking about when we’d run into her at the archives. It reminded me of her gift, and from my pack I pulled out the tiny flower pin she’d given me.
Use it in your darkest hour. 
I’d been in a dark hour and had failed to use it. I cursed under my breath as I tossed the pin onto the bed and rubbed my face. Oh, well. It probably would’ve been disastrous.
“It wasn’t a disaster, Benton. Even the Ancients of Faerie can provide help to others not of their land when they are in need.”
I sat up and stared in utter disbelief at my uncle Brendan. I knew it was him even though I had never laid eyes upon him before his vaporous spirit had shown up at the cottage.
“Uncle? How are you here?”
“The pin Rowan gave you. It was my wife’s.”
I turned toward the flower pin sitting on the bedspread, shiny and looking brand new, not centuries old.
“How was that your wife’s? What was Rowan doing with it?”
“The Ancient needs your help too. Rowan is trapped. You have helped Faerie immensely by finding the three supreme beings who can unlock what is wrong in Faerie, but this is only the beginning. Zena, Xyon, and Shade never had a choice; they are fused to the fate of the land. But now Iana has willingly made herself a part of it, upsetting the balance. I’m afraid that by circumstance, you’re entangled in it too.”
I scoffed. “You can say that again.” I picked up the pin, studying it before glancing back up at my uncle. “What does this mean? What do I do now?”
“Speak to Zena and Xyon. Do what you must do for now. The answers will come sooner or later. Just know that with this pin, you can call upon me and your ancestors when in need.”
“Huh, neat trick. Why would Rowan give me that power?”
“No one knows why the Ancients do what they do, but I believe you owe her for this. The Ancients don’t grant favors without wanting something in return.”
I groaned. Rowan would come calling sooner or later. It was just as well. Something was going on with the Ancients, and I was bound to run into her anyway.
“Thank you,” I said. “I’m sure you’re right.”
“Good night, Benton. Get some rest. You’ll need it more than you think.”
“Um, thanks. Listen, Uncle?”
“Yes?”
“Thanks for your help.”
He gave me a curt nod before disappearing, leaving me alone once more.
“Faerie gets weirder and weirder each and every day.”
A knock came at the door, and I groaned again. I just wanted to sleep. Was that really too much to ask?
“Who is it?”
“Benton?”
The voice was familiar, but I hadn’t heard it in over a year. My ears perked up as I stared at the door, not quite believing what I’d heard.
“Yes?”
“It’s Isolde.”
My heart jumped. Isolde? The very one who’d helped me hone my magic and had been my first real love? No freaking way.
“Isolde?” It had to be a trick.
“Yes. I was told I could find you here in the Teleen Caverns. Can I come in?”
My voice stuck in my throat. I hadn’t heard from her in so long, this all felt unreal.
“Yeah, once sec.”
I went to the door, unlocked it, and yanked it open. Lo and behold, it really was Isolde. In the flesh.
“Benton. I can’t believe it’s you. I have so much to tell you, but first, what do you know about an Ancient named Kilara?”
I sighed. “Not much except that my sister is related to her. She tried to kill Shade the last time she was around. Why?”
Isolde chewed on her lip pensively before she looked back up at me. “Well, I have her. She’s near death and asked me to find you. I couldn’t believe it at first, but she told me things no one would know about you and your sister. She insists upon seeing you.”
“Can this wait? I’m exhausted.”
Isolde looked desperate and pleading with her deep, dark eyes. “No. She needs to see you and Shade.”
I tapped on the door, knowing this girl would never take no for an answer. “All right, then. Let me get word to Shade. I can’t do anything until she gets here.”
Isolde nodded and stepped away from the door. “I’ll stay here until you’re ready. Kilara can wait a few days. Thank you.”
She wheeled on one foot and headed off into the dark tunnels of the Teleen underground. I watched her leave, shaking my head and groaning.
Damn. The woman still looked really good, even when she was walking away.




Chapter Thirty




Soap

I watched her closely, studying her face, memorizing it. It was familiar, and with each second that passed, more and more memories popped back into my head. I’d believed my dearth of memories about my mother had been because I hadn’t seen her in so long, but now that I knew the truth, the memory spell she’d cast on me years before began to unravel. I stared at her softly breathing figure, remembering the love that had once passed between us.
I had so much to ask her. I’d spent years imagining what our conversation would be like if I ever found her. For years I’d fought to remember even the slightest detail about her—her face, her scent, her voice—but there had been nothing concrete, only barely remembered dreams that I couldn’t be certain were real. Now she was here. In the flesh. We were still worlds apart, but at least we had a little time to be together.
We didn’t have to leave yet. We’d received word that Aluse was bringing Trey to the Teleen Caverns. Benton had no idea how we would cure him, but something told me that if we had Shade, Xyon, Zena, and Iana in the same room together, they would figure out how to do it without even blinking.
I couldn’t wait to get it over with and start piecing together the fragments of my past. I deserved at least some answers.
“She awake yet?”
My eyes shot up to find Shade’s kind face peering down at us. Her joy at seeing me once more spread across her beautiful features. I jumped to my feet and pulled her into my arms, where she should always be. Though she let me go quickly and blushed, she didn’t step away when Dylan came into the room after her, followed by Benton, Zena, and the now restored Xyon.
Xyon was the descendant of an angel, born of a faery with angel blood and mixed with a human lineage. He’d had his wings repaired to their full glory. They were hidden for now, but he could call them forth with a thought and expand them to full size in mere seconds. The funny thing was, Zena also had this power, but she had never known it. She had never known she was Nephilim until she met Xyon. They held hands and stood side by side, but there was a stark difference between the twins.
Now, together, they gave me the creeps. They seemed almost conjoined, and I was unsure of where one ended and the other began. They fit together like two pieces of a puzzle. They needed this connection, though. It was as vital to them as air.
Unfortunately, Benton and the healers of the Teleen had been unable to restore Zena’s sight. Her emerald eyes were trapped behind a thick film of white, causing her to look out of place in the sea of dark pupils in the room. I felt horrible that she’d suffered such a fate but was hopeful that when Iana woke up, she’d be able—and willing—to reverse the spell that had stolen the girl’s sight. Zena, however, had mentioned that she was doubtful that Iana could fix it and appeared accepting of the fact that her vision was gone.
I shook these depressing thoughts from my mind and greeted them. “Hi, guys. How are you? Zena, Xyon. Good to see you again.”
“Hello, Soap.” Zena smiled and held out her arms.
I pulled her into my embrace and then held her at arm’s length. “You look well, Zena.”
“Thank you. I’ve much to learn, but Xyon has done an excellent job of getting me up to speed. He’s even helped me learn to use my wings. It’s amazing, the feeling of flying! You’d never believe how wonderful the air feels!”
I grinned. Oh, I knew. “I bet it’s quite a feeling.”
She nodded, and I turned to her brother who, with a good shower and some fattening up, now appeared much like his sister. Deep maroon hair draped across his shoulder, and sharp emerald eyes studied me curiously before he held out his hand and shook mine with a firm grip. “Hello, Rylan. Good to see you again. I never did thank you for helping us. I truly owe you and Benton everything.”
“It was nothing.”
I tried to play it down, but I knew Benton had accepted the thanks more graciously than I had and felt somewhat awkward about my casual response. To my relief, Xyon didn’t seem offended. He and Benton began chatting like they were old friends. I found Benton’s unusual giddiness disturbing knowing that his old girlfriend, Isolde, had come to visit him. He had agreed to join her on a mission once Trey was cured. 
It seemed odd to me that he’d run back to Isolde with Zena now in the picture. It made me glad Zena couldn’t see what was happening and was more than busy with Xyon, but I was sure she was bound to find out about his new mission soon. I hoped she would take it well.
“Aluse is coming with Trey. Make room!” Dylan waved us to the side, and I peered over at Iana, who was now staring at the ceiling, her eyes watering and sending a small stream of tears down the sides of her face. She had awakened, and I hadn’t even noticed. I ran to her side and knelt beside her.
“Mother?” I spoke softly, hoping the crowd wasn’t startling her. She shifted on her bed and turned toward me. The sound of chains clinking together as she moved sent a sadness through me, but it was a necessary precaution.
“Unchain me, son.”
“I can’t. You know I can’t.”
“What’s to become of me?”
“We need your help.”
“I cannot help you. I can’t help anyone.”
I had to shake her out of her melancholy. Her life had suddenly taken a sharp turn, and she wasn’t prepared for it. I got that. But still, the evil she had done couldn’t be so easily overlooked. She had a long journey ahead, and I had decided that moving her to the Scren Palace after Trey was cured would be the best thing for her.
“You’re going to help us, and you have no choice. If you want to live, this is the path. There are roads to redemption and roads to darkness. You pick one. For now, you will help us.”
She peered at me with a strange look on her face, like she had momentarily forgotten who I was. It was probably better if she didn’t remember right now. She seemed to be experiencing some memory issues since being hit with Benton’s spell. Slowly, we’d take the shards of her life and put them together. I hoped she would let me help her; I hoped she could understand how much I wanted to know her.
“I’ll help you,” she whispered, sitting up slowly, flinching at her sore muscles. She hung her head as though ashamed to look at anyone else. “Just don’t ask too much of me. I feel weak. Drained.”
“I need but one drop of your blood.” Zena stepped forward. “You took the Sight from so many like me that it’s a part of you now. You have linked us, witches and the Nephilim, forever. Your blood is part of us. Blood from all four of the beings who represent the magic of the earth is needed for the ultimate healing spell: a drop from one human with the Sight, a drop from one who roams the sky, a drop from one with all elemental powers along with human and faerie blood alike, and a drop of the witch blood that runs with fire but is as dark as everlasting night.”
Zena held out her palm to the witch. When Iana held up her hand in response, Zena produced a knife. I couldn’t say I didn’t hold my breath as the young girl pricked my mother’s finger and collected her blood in a tiny glass vial. She handed her a small bandage, but my mother healed the wound quickly and sucked the residual blood off her finger.
Zena did the same to Shade, Xyon, and herself, collecting all four drops into the vial. She shook it around and held it up to the light, smiling.
“Here.” She held the flask toward Aluse. “This is for Trey. Give him the blood to drink, and he will be cured of all ailments. It will make him impervious to all magic on earth, and no one will be able to hurt him again.”
Aluse took it silently, bowed her head in a grateful gesture, and turned to her brother, who sat in a normal, human-made wheelchair, his head on his chest, bent down as though he was already dead. He was so close to it; I knew his life force was hanging on by a thread. 
I hoped it worked. This was definitely his last chance. I only wished we could learn the source of his withering sickness. It wasn’t self-induced, but it was lethal. Just another small detail which troubled me greatly. Maybe in time, Iana could solve it for us.
“Trey?” Aluse tapped her brother’s shoulder, but when he didn’t respond, she tipped his head back, tilted the vial, and dumped the blood down his throat.
Nothing happened. It didn’t look like he had even swallowed the life-giving blood.
“What if it doesn’t work?” Shade asked. Always one to be skeptical. I loved that she was never too confident in faery magic. It was the downfall of many.
“It will,” Zena responded. “Give it some time.” She blinked, her unseeing eyes focusing on nothing. The girl seemed changed by this entire ordeal, and the more time she spent with her brother, the stranger she got. It was almost as if she’d lost her personality along with her sight.
A few moments passed, and Trey gave a tiny cough. Then he began a violent coughing fit, sending blood and saliva spraying from his mouth and leaving him looking much like a vampire lost in the throes of feeding. Everyone stepped away except for Aluse, who held him down while her clothes were spattered with droplets of blood. The spray didn’t go far, for it started spinning around and around in a mini cyclone around Trey, shoving Aluse away as it wrapped around his body, lifting him up out of his wheelchair and causing his frail, thin wings to spread painfully out to their full span.
His mouth widened in a silent scream as his eyes peeled open and he stared out into the room like he’d seen a ghost. Then the most miraculous thing happened. His wings began to regrow their shiny obsidian feathers; his hair grew back, filling in the bald patches; and his sallow features filled out as though fat had been injected into his cheeks.
Then, as quickly as the blood had lifted him up, it spiraled down his throat and disappeared. He dropped into the arms of Aluse and Dylan, the two who’d been closest to him, and his head lolled to the side, as though he’d drifted off to sleep.
“Trey! Trey, wake up!” Aluse desperately tried to revive him, shaking him and listening for his heartbeat at his chest. I’d never seen her more afraid than she was now. We all held our breaths and prayed that the magic had worked.
“Is he alive?”
Someone had voiced my thoughts, but I failed to notice who’d said it. All of us were left stunned, staring down at the black-winged warrior and hoping what Zena had said would prove true.
But she had said something else: that no magic could harm him now. If the blood of the four could cure anything, who or what would come for it? All four of them were in grave danger if word got out that they could save anyone from any kind of magical death, including withering.
My eyes landed on Shade, and my heart began to ache in fear for her, Zena, Xyon, and my mother. This was all so good and yet so very bad.
“Aluse?” Trey’s weak voice came out hoarse as he blinked up at her.
Aluse was in tears. She hadn’t been ready to lose her baby brother. “Trey? How do you feel? Is it better? Did it work?”
He blinked up at the faces eyeing him with great anticipation and worry. Instead of freaking out, a smile widened on his lips. “I feel… exhilarated! Like I’ve just flown around the world!”
We let out a collective sigh as Aluse helped her brother to his feet. He curiously looked around the room. “Where are we, Aluse?”
“The Teleen Caverns. Come, you need to lie down. You need to be thoroughly examined, and we have much to speak of.” Aluse and her brother left the rest of standing in silence, amazed at how well and how quickly the blood had worked. It was beyond belief, beyond anything we could have ever hoped for.
Zena’s voice cut through the silence. “The hunters will come for us now. The four of us… we must all hide. Our blood must never come together again, or there will be a great price to pay.”
Xyon’s voice had joined his sister’s halfway through, harmonizing with hers and making the words sound even more ominous. 
“What do you mean? Shade asked. “What hunters? Who is sending them?” 
“Kilara.” Zena turned toward Shade and lifted a finger, pointing accusingly at my beloved. “You have sentenced us all to death.”
Shade’s eyes widened as she shook her head. “I am not Kilara. She’s my ancestor. I don’t even know where she is. She fled and has been in hiding ever since she tried to kill us at the Withering Palace, when Aveta died.”
Zena did not drop her hand. Xyon took up where she had left off. “She must pass the crown to you. You must take her place, or all of Faerie dies with her. Her corruption runs deep, tainting her veins and killing her from within. She will seek the cure to her ailment. She must not die before transferring power to you, and if she gains the cure before giving you the crown of the Ancients, she will never relinquish it. If that happens, there will be only one way to save Faerie: you must kill her yourself and claim her crown.”
Shade shook her head, her cheeks burning red as her fingers curled into tight fists. “This is crazy. How do you know this?”
“We are the Nephilim, the last of our kind. We know more than the thoughts of men allow.”
Shade continued to shake, and Dylan scooped her into his arms, comforting her. My heart felt like it had been squeezed.
“Just let her try. We’ll be waiting for her.” Dylan slipped his hand into one of hers, and I reached out and took her other one, feeling her fingers relax into mine.
“We’ll all be waiting,” I said. “She’ll have another thing coming if she thinks she can mess with us.”
“I’m in.” Benton slammed a fist into his other hand, cracking his knuckles and flexing his neck as he rolled his shoulders. “I’m ready to pummel Ancient Faeries any day. Bring it.”


Want more?
Guardians of Fire
(A Dark Faerie Tale #8)
Is coming November 2016!
Sign up here for updates on this book release and more!






Get updates, new releases, freebies and more direct to you:
Sign up to be notified of new releases HERE




Acknowledgments
Alexia Purdy

This goes out to all my awesome readers again. I can’t do this without you! Thank you from the bottom of my heart to each and every one of you. Every word, every story…it’s for you!




About the Author

Alexia Purdy

Alexia is a USA Today Bestselling author who currently lives in Las Vegas and loves spending every free moment writing or hanging out with her four rambunctious kids. Writing is the ultimate getaway for her since she's always lost in her head. She is best known for her award-winning Reign of Blood series, and A Dark Faerie Tale Series.



Connect with Alexia Purdy:
Sign up for Alexia’s Newsletter HERE
Alexia Purdy’s Website
Twitter
Instagram
You-Tube
Goodreads Author page
Alexia Purdy’s Facebook Fan Page
A Dark Faerie Tale Series Facebook Fan page
Reign of Blood Series Facebook Fan Page




More books by Alexia Purdy:

The ArcKnight Chronicles:
Ardent
MarkTier
Enmity
Sovereign

Reign of Blood Series
Reign of Blood
Disarming (Reign of Blood #2)
Elijah (The Miel Chronicles):
A Reign of Blood Companion Story
Amplified (Reign of Blood #3)

A Dark Faerie Tale Series
The Withering Palace (A Dark Faerie Tale #0.1)
Evangeline (A Dark Faerie Tale #0.5)
Ever Shade (A Dark Faerie Tale #1)
Ever Fire (A Dark Faerie Tale #2)
Ever Winter (A Dark Faerie Tale #3)
The Cursed (A Dark Faerie Tale #3.5)
Ever Wrath (A Dark Faerie Tale #4)
Without Armor (A Dark Faerie Tale #4.5)
History of Fire (A Dark Faerie Tale #5)
Ever Dead (A Dark Faerie Tale #6)
Legends of Fire (A Dark Faerie Tale #7)

Other Stories
The Fall of Sky
Keep Breathing
Breathe Me

Short Stories
The Faery Hunt
Never Say Such Things
Spinning Scars

Poetic Collections
Whispers of Dreams
Five Fathoms

Anthologies
Soul Games
Faery Worlds
Faery Realms
Faery Tales
Lacing Shadows
Destiny’s Dark Fantasy
Once Upon a Curse


