













Legend of the Lost

A novel by


Christine King
















  













                                Chapter 1

                                   The Witch


	Long ago, in a place where there was no sin, there was what you call magic. A Forest that was once known, now had been forbidden; forgotten and all together lost forever from humanity; disappeared off the face of the earth. There had been a vow made between four supernatural beings, whose origin, if documented at all, would only have been done so as myths, or fictional creatures in fairy tale stories. These beings were known as the Four Protectors. Their vow, was, that the forest would be kept secret from the world, from what they called dwellers of lesser privilege, but greater purpose; humankind. No one of the human world would ever know of it. Implausible that anyone should discover their secret; but… if an outsider had witnessed the Forest’s existence, it’d be a matter which would have to be dealt with, without hesitance. Surely no human would ever be able to leave the Forest...

	On a day rendered like no other in the year of 1200 A.D. a prime-aged witch, fair and mysterious, journeyed alone to a place feared. A place that would give, to anyone, the feeling of being engulfed, swallowed whole; a mountain overshadowing a village stricken with disease and death. This mountain was well known as the Forbidden Mountain by the village dwellers. It was a giant mountain covered as far as the eye could see with dense unruly forest; and the top of this mountain was never revealed. Hidden even on days of the best weather; and always, it was covered in an atmospheric fog giving the impression of being a distant planet with an ozone all its own.
	This fair witch stopped at the base of the mountain; face and body concealed under a draping black cloak. Her manner, completely calm and collected as if she meant to pause before entering the vast woods, to ponder an outstanding answer for an evoking question. Yes, to feed the ever hungering, longing for comfort, security and reassurance, for all doubts at hand. But this was mostly fear she was pacifying with patience… taking a moment… taking a breath.
	Long ago there was a story told of two of the village’s children who had wandered into the woods and never returned. No such thing has happened again until now; her mother had gone missing. 
	Dexterity raptured her feet. She moved swiftly between the trees and continued on forward. Her mother had told her stories when she was young, of the woods covering the mountain. There was a Forest filled with beauty, magic, charm and enchantment somewhere up on the great mountain. A forest within a forest, and no one could find it, though they had searched; them who had, were never heard from again. She loved these stories, and only seen in a light of it, being a good thing; in her and her mother’s eyes; this place was paradise. It was not evil and cursed, as it was believed, but people of the town were of fragile minds. They didn’t like her mother’s wild perceptions and imaginings. They thought her to be a raving lunatic. She wasn’t, she was the second best thing… a witch. Once, her mother had stirred up a ruckus to seize the attention, of the crowd, at the gathering for the town announcements; after the children went missing. She failed to foresee, that she would be shouting in a crowd of closed ears and simple minds. Simple villagers that stuck to what they knew. Weak, weary, starving, and sick villagers; she should have known better that it’d do no good; just let the parents mourn and damn in despair the cursed woods. It’s what they knew, and it was all they had left.
	How frustrating; persecuted for having a burning fascination, instead of a fearful obsession; the townsfolk superstitious ranting, of that which was, they thought, to be an evil and dastard place. She never heard the end of it. If they only knew that she was a witch, yes, they would do what superstitious morons would; have her killed.
	 Moving through the woods, as if her feet weren’t touching the ground, she found herself coming into the development of a stench, corresponding mildew; and there also, a rapid growing mist. With every step the mist thickened and thickened. The lower half of her face grinned under the black cloak, revealing a sense of character that was so much at home in this environment; as if driven by a sure or deranged cause. Strength and courage were at her side. She was well practiced in her magic, confident in her skills. She recognized these as telltale signs that she was headed in the right direction; by what her mother had told her as a child. It is said; to find this magical forest you must first become lost. The ground was under a blanket, it was evident that she could not see the footing for her next step. She spoke out loud to herself in reveling pride, “Let’s play hide and seek mamma.” she stopped, and put her hand straight out in front of her in a fist; and whispering a spell in an unidentifiable phrase, she opened her hand, unveiling an intense white light. Then she uttered in a still strange tongue a command, and the light moved on ahead. She gave a faint snicker of ease, then, continued to walk straight on, after the light, which presented the way. 
	Through the dense, black and cruelly darkening woods, she approached a fallen tree. The wet rot of it smelled ages of decay. It was a great giant of a tree, unlike anything she had ever seen, and there was no physical way for her to have climbed over this monstrous thing.
	But that would make no difference to her. She had not acknowledged this fallen tree to be an obstacle. The young witch extended her left hand and directed her palm to craft a small greenish cloud under her feet, and skillfully floated over the great tree in perfect constructed trickery. The bright hovering light maintained its distance in front of her the whole time, until she landed on the ground on the other side. Hesitation was her nemesis, haste was her quest.
	Wails and calls of the night rang through the forest, yet to her, they went unnoticed. She had a mission and proceeded on frenetically; cared not for rest, cared not of physical pain, cared not for the sure signs of there to be more than just a possibility of an attack by rabid creatures, or of the shadowy forms swooping out of the dark. 
In a circumstance like this, there was no time to be wasted, not even a moment. She moved quickly without falter; nothing would disrupt this preoccupied mindset of hers. She must find the Forest everyone thought hadn’t existed!
	Daybreak arrived, but whether it had or hadn’t, it had made no difference. The mist was so heavy that human eyes would be useless. The trees and the ground to the fore, were smothered in an increased fog now, and things were definitely not of normality in this place. Conditions were taking a turn for the worse. Though more of a challenge for her, she struggled on nonetheless.
	Then suddenly out of nowhere, the thick mist instantaneously disappeared; and a beam of sunlight poured in smilingly, chasing away the darkness, warming the day. She removed the hood of her cloak. The sun made her flaxen hair glow and shine with intensity and radiance. Her fierce blue eyes turned up into the sky, then peered on into the Forest ahead.  She whispered something under her gathering breath, and the idle, hovering, white light, which paled to that of the bright sun, disappeared.         
	Nature before her, looked like the very gates of heaven. It was the most beautiful place she had ever seen. Light poured out from between the trees in glistening streams, beckoning, inviting her in. Looking behind herself at the dark woods, and then, turning again to the place of light, she said to herself. “At last...” she steady paced towards what was said to not exist.
	Something caught her ear. In amazement, she heard singing; singing… intonation and tone so perfectly a-flight to such a height, it was not natural. But it was so beautiful. She moseyed between the trees while shielding her eyes from the brilliant light, they were still adjusting to. She stopped and put her arm down slowly. Behold, the beautiful voice was coming from a little fairy; and she was singing and dancing upon a glittering object, that had the immaculate appearance of a flat diamond. The flat glittery diamond rested in the center of a small pond; water so unreal and at peace, it was as see-through as the air itself; and the witch would have thought it to be just so a thing, if it weren’t for the few and delicate ripples, giving it away; smoothing out to the edges from the fairy’s movement. Quite an elegant little thing, how she twirled and spun around like a ballerina.
	The fairy didn’t notice she was being observed by this witch, and she continued to sing and dance in this ever so graceful manner. Her delicate, transparent wings had a dark green lining, with two lighter-green ovals on each. Her wavy hair was a burnt orange color, and she wore bright green leaves for covering. Out of everything, the most fascinating thing, was, that her eyes were so much bigger than her tiny nose. And her ears were pointy and uniquely bigger than her hands. Snap! Went a twig beneath the witch’s boot, startling the fairy! Her little face taken with terror, shot-on-at the witch and the fairy froze with fear, then quickly gathered her bearings and flew away! 
“Poor thing.” the young witch said sympathetically, and neared the small pond with curiosity. She bent low at intimate closeness to take a more detailed look. “How peculiar.” she said. She stretched out her hand to touch the object, when all of a sudden, the fairy had come back, mad-dashing out from behind a tree where she had hid and watched. The little fairy bellowed at her not to touch the glittery diamond! Could this prove to be a threat the witch thought to herself… She stretched out her hand and petrified the fairy, stopping her in mid-air! The fairy wasn’t hurt, but fixed in a floating paralysis; and the witch put a magic cage around the little creature, and unfroze her. The fairy shook the cage violently, trying to escape, but her efforts were of no use. 
Is a creature like this capable of magic like mine? The witch thought. What an odd thing the water and diamond lily-pad were… and were to be, in such a placing.
	The witch lowered the captured fairy with a simple motion of her hand. Then, she sat down beside her and asked gently. 
	“What is this diamond, of which you sang and danced upon?” 
	The fairy answered in a defeated tone. “It’s my Life Stone.”  
	“What is a Life Stone?” 
The fairy did not seem to be the least bit thrilled with this whole ordeal. She was in a cage being tested with questions with no chance of getting free. What did this strange, giant imposter, who had her dangling at the mercy of her feet, want… to toy with her… then have away with her? The fairy answered in dire straints, and compassionately, the witch recognized this; how fearful this fairy was of her.
	 “Each of the fairies have a Life Stone and we live as long as our Life Stone stays uncontaminated by impurity.” 
The witch was disturbed with this. “By impurity... you mean you think me impure? Evil?”
	“You are evil.”
 	“Sorry, about that I would disappoint you. Of the many things I am, evil is not one of them! My name is Astrid… you may wonder why I’ve traveled through such contemptible and unnerving woods, to come here. Well… I am here because my mother went missing and most likely has died trying to find this place. She kept telling me, ‘The secret to our existence lies in what we’re told doesn’t exist.’ and that, she would discover that secret, even if it brought her certain death. I had to find this place for my mother. You… being a creature of the magical, I know that in confidence I can tell you that my mother was also a creature of the magical, my mother was a witch. A good witch at that, and I am as well. If I was evil… don’t you think I wouldn’t have hesitated to kill you?” 	 
“If you’re not evil, then why did you put me in this cage?” the fairy crossed her arms and leaned back on the prison bars sliding down to sit. 
	“I had not known what you would be capable of...” 
            “Capable of?”
	“Do you have extraordinary abilities? Magical power?”
	“No... other than flying… nothing; no.”
	Passing, and entertaining a pleasant thought she might make a friend of this fairy, Astrid requested lightheartedly. “What is your name?”  	
“My name is Elvia, I’m one of the youngest of what are called Forest Fairies. If you’re not evil, then I am sorry for charging you, but you see… I never came across an outsider before, to know how to handle it… and you would have contaminated my Life Stone, so what choice did I have?” Elvia cried out in a plea, frustrated for the witches understanding.
	Astrid looked at Elvia with regret and empathy. She then felt miserable and terrible that she might have killed Elvia! And that just as simple of a thing as touching her Life Stone, would have sent her into a limp and pulseless form. She could not bear it. Something so fragile and innocent, doomed any sort of an irrational end. There had been quiet for a long time between them. Elvia, in all truth, felt relieved now; and had an all too eager heart to trust her. She hadn’t known exactly what it was, but for certain, this witch was not of any evil. Astrid rose to her feet. “Alright Elvia, I will release you now.” immediately after Astrid had said this, the fairy had been freed. Elvia remained seated with her back leaning against the cage bars; and when the cage disappeared, Elvia tumbled and rolled. “What did you do—” Elvia giggled in a childish laugh. She was in disbelief of what she just said. Afterall, had she wanted to remain in that cage; no. While taking note of Astrid’s curious eye, for all that this place was, and for all that was of it and in it; Elvia, still on the ground, had brushed herself off. She asked the witch. “So... do you want to meet the other Forest Fairies?” 
	Elvia didn’t receive an answer. Astrid became very quiet and aloof. Something had changed in Astrid! Something had come over her as if she grew delirious and overtaken. Pulling her hood over the top of her head, and peering about in wonder, Astrid walked off, deeper and deeper into the Forest. She paid no reply to the fairy’s attempts to gain her attention. This was all too strange. Elvia shouted. “Where’re you roaming off to?” But Astrid had no recollection of Elvia, and just continued to walk, moving farther and farther away.
	Then, as if things weren’t already strange enough, Elvia came to witness a mysterious sight. Astrid walked; but her feet weren’t touching the ground. What was this? Elvia silently followed Astrid into the Forest; and other than what had been done so far, no further peculiar actions came from her. Just a moment ago, Astrid was completely responsive and coherent, but now she was not quite all there. Elvia felt an absence. Something was missing from her. It was like her conscious mind had been shut off, and she’d gone sleepwalking.
	Astrid came and stopped in front of a giant tree. With a gasp, Elvia opened her mouth in awe, and said. “The Tree of Beginning! I’ve never seen this Tree. The Elder Forest Fairies have told me of it and described this very place. Something about the balance of good and evil…how did you know where to find it, how did you know where this Tree would be?” Astrid stood still, and hadn’t the slightest notice of Elvia, nor that she spoke. Extremely annoyed, Elvia flew up right in front of Astrid’s face, her wings beating furiously in the air. And then, she could not believe what she had seen! She would have screamed, if she wasn’t so terrified of the morbid sight beheld. Astrid had been so very hard to look at, that it had been just as difficult to react. Her eyes alone were an appalling and shocking soulless vision, almost unbearable, but just under her limit of what she could tolerate, without freaking out. Astrid’s blue eyes had turned into two big black shiny marbles, and her fair, gentle, smooth skin, was covered in sharp gray scales, protruding, emphasizing the many overlapping intricate layers of them. Elvia dashed behind a tree and hid! What she had just seen had to have come out of a nightmare. 
	Astrid violently threw her arms out, reaching furthest to her left and to her right. A low warbling sound hummed, as darkness closed in and covered the sky. Then wind came and blew the hood of Astrid’s cloak back, and revealed that her blonde hair was no more that light flaxen color, her hair had turned to a brightly glowing white, and the wind had intensified viciously, blowing it all straight back! The warbling sound grew higher and higher in pitch and stopped, leveling out to a steady whistling hiss. Speaking in a dastardly roar, Astrid clasped her hands together, and all harshness surrounding, fell to dead silence. Whatever this morbid version of Astrid had to have done at that very moment, whatever it was… it was done… it was finished. Then suddenly there came cracking. The giant tree in front of her exploded into millions of fragments; pieces detonated in every direction. Elvia watched with much more fright than she had before! The tree had vanished, and left behind, was a giant ill-defined crater.
	How would this affect the Forest now? Astrid continued to walk, but barely moved her feet; mostly, she hovered over the ground, and wherever she was off to, it was for certain, that she had been up to no good. And indeed, Elvia knew she wouldn’t make it back in time to warn the Elder Forest Fairies. She followed Astrid, keeping an eye on her, wondering what had run amuck in Astrid’s sense to make her behave how she was. What arbitrary ideas were twisting and revolving in her faulty head. Elvia’s attentive green eyes analyzed Astrid’s every motion, never parted with her for a second. Elvia paid so close attention to Astrid that she found herself, having no recollection of the distance they had gone; and she also had no idea of where they were now. 
	Elvia turned to glance back and tried to recognize something, anything. She looked forward again to conduct to her own self-loathing transgression, of that Astrid, now had vanished; was nowhere to be seen. “Oh no!” Frantically flying about, here and there, up and back down, she could find no trace of her. Panicky and entirely out of breath, it was a wonder how she recuperated almost instantly when she had finally spotted her, hovering into the entrance of a great temple. Designs and images were chiseled into two great pillars at the doorless entrance. What a marvelous and extraordinary place this was, and even though she herself was a creature of this Forest, she had never beheld such a construction. Elvia’s eyes scanned the temple in utter amazement, then fixed her eyes on a flat square rock, bearing an inscription. It was apparent that this inscription had been carved with definite care and skill. Unfortunately, Elvia couldn’t make it out; it was worn and faded. This structure had been here for a long time, no doubt. Elvia peered into the dark cavity of the pillars, then all without warning, or explanation, the words on the porous square started to glow in an unrelenting ruby red light. What was Astrid up to...?
 	Elvia flew on into the temple to see what had been done, to find Astrid had removed a red stone, from where it was socketed in the wall. This could not be good.
	Astrid laughed in a vile tone. It didn’t take much to figure out something was wrong with this arcane action, considering the earlier incidence with the tree! This could not go on, Astrid must be stopped; Elvia had to do something! She dashed at her and knocked the stone out of her hand! It dropped and Elvia chased it to the ground, snatched it up, and like a bat out of hell, she flew out of there! She took to the open Forest, not looking back; she had to get this stone as far away from Astrid as she could! 
	What demented creature had become of Astrid, for any ounce of humanity in her, was nonexistent to the vengeful psychopath she now was. Overflowing with emphasized aggravation, her mannerisms twitched in deranged insanity; and what horror had shot through Elvia’s nerves, on hearing the crazed maniac pursue her. “Don’t look back.” 
The marble eyed witch had been gaining on her inferiority. She recklessly dodged passed the trees, just barely missing them, never looking back, and ignoring her tired wings. Elvia knew if Astrid had caught her, she’d surely be killed!
	Her mind, bothered with questions of these things that just didn’t add up. What had happened, how did Astrid end up at these places, how did she know where the sacred Tree was… and why does she want this stone? Elvia looked down at the stone. It started to glow in the same exact red as the words on the square rock. What had this meant?
 	Amidst all her inner fear and hopelessness, something, just then, had taken place that somehow made her feel, that everything was going to be just fine now. From ahead, as if emanating from heaven, a bright red light opened up and embraced the Forest. She had flown straight for it; eyes fixed upon it. There was something of a shape she could almost make out, a figure with two arms and two legs. As she neared the light, she then realized there was a faceless body there, that was the source of the radiant illumination, and this being stood firmly and did not fade, but grew brighter if it was at all possible.
	Astrid gave out an unearthly screech of total evil. Elvia looked behind her. This demon Astrid coming after her, moved so fast that she blurred and was barely visible. 
	Elvia, not watching where she was going, flew into the figure, colliding with a being that made her feel both safe and hurt at the same time. She tumbled to the ground and the red stone went along with her.
	Now Astrid was moving towards this glorious, graceful being, but strangely, she stopped dead in her tracks, with the being only ten yards from her. The being pointed out its index finger towards Astrid, sending a spark of its red light to her. The spark absorbed into her forehead, and as soon as it had done this, her white hair had turned back to blonde, her sharp gray scales, turned back to her flawless skin, and her black eyes, turned back to their gorgeous distracting blue.
	Astrid shook, as if coming to her senses, and gaining consciousness for the first time in her life. She learned her surroundings, and was curious of the mystery to where she was, as she shot an extraneous look at Elvia, lying on the ground all muddled. She immediately dropped to her knees, taking her little friend in her hands. “Elvia I’m sorry… I couldn’t control myself!” 
	 Bursting emotions began to run from Astrid’s eyes as dizzy, wobbling Elvia, affirmed to her equilibrium, and quickly flew out of her grasp, with such a tension and energy. Surely she had been reprehensible for what she had done; but in noticing Astrid’s appearance and manner, was no longer morbidly tenebrous, she hovered in the air keeping a comfortable distance, and engaged any sternness or urgency that felt totally necessary!
	 “What is going on? What are you? First you don’t want to kill me, then you turn into this...thing... and you try to kill me!” 
	Astrid responded patiently. “I’m sorry, but you see, I can’t control myself when—I should have told you earlier. I am not your normal kind of witch that is expected. I am something known as a Trance Witch.” 
	Elvia repeated with a wandering mind. “A Trance Witch?” 
	“A Trance Witch is said to be one of the most powerful of all witches and warlocks; they can do anything… no limits. But of course, to everything given such great power, there is a great price… which in my case, is the curse of the trance. A Trance Witch can be put under this partial state of consciousness, at any instant, without warning. When under the trance, we witches learn the complete history of our surrounding area, and since we have no control of what we do when we’re under the trance, we can be used to carry out the will of some other source, even one of minor influence. But the strongest presence picked up, dead or of a parallel universe, is the one accepted to take advantage of the trance. So you see… when I am under the trance, I can only fade in and out of what is taking place; watch brief clips of what is going on, while I’m manipulated by another force of spirit, ghost… or some other creature of the supernatural. Sometimes, I have completely gone out of consciousness, if the entity that has possessed me, wills that also to be so; for me to remember nothing… then I will remember nothing… some supernatural sources are very private ones... I blackout...”
	 Elvia looked at Astrid with a sense of pity, and asked with further interest. “Do you ever know the names of those who seize your abilities? Whose will it is that you are carrying out?”
	“No, I do not know who or what is controlling me… or why. I barely gather much of what I’m made to do. Like I said, I fade in and out of consciousness; like how you fade in and out of dreams, when you sleep, and are abruptly awoken for a moment, then fall back to sleep. But though that happens, I can’t ever interfere with the conductor.”
	Elvia was so engrossed with an odd sense fascination of Astrid’s curse, she hadn’t realized, that for a good amount of the time, the glowing figure had still stood beside her. What a start it gave her. It was astounding. She looked at the being’s facelessness, but this mystery didn’t frighten her; for all the oddity of this being, it was of that which is holy. And whether this being would keep the stone in its possession or not, it didn’t matter. Surely, the stone would have belonged to it, far more so than her or any other Forest Creature. 
	A radiant warmth surrounded both Elvia and Astrid. Astrid and Elvia stared at the mysterious being, as it slowly faded away. Elvia couldn’t take her eyes off it, and unknowingly, with an opened mouth, she had done so; until it had completely disappeared. She was more confronted by the unknown today, more than any other day in her entire life. Without changing her expression, Elvia looked at Astrid, and stuttered. “Did-da-da you see th-that?”
	 “What was it?” 
	Elvia was silent for a moment; then said with a harsh exhale. “It saw right through me…”
Astrid didn’t think much of it, until she spotted the red stone on the ground, where the being of light had stood. She moved closer, and leaned forward, reaching for it. It was then when Elvia also noticed that the being had left the stone behind! How could this be done, after all that had happened! 
	Quickly, she charged in front of Astrid’s hand and stole away the object! Well, this was left behind, even after all the trouble it had caused; and whether this was a careless mistake, or purposely meant to be, she couldn’t take that chance. 
	She winged a sharp turn and flew back towards the temple, shouting at Astrid. “Stay back! Don’t follow me!”
	Elvia knew she had to return the stone to its rightful place.  It was unnatural for the stone to not be where it belongs, where it had been taken from!
	She flew on and on, and the temple was in view. But now something was there that wasn’t before, and the closer she came, the more massive this something became. It was a great beast that she saw, and the beast examined the entrance of the temple, disgustedly. Even she was sickened by this whole thing, and she hadn’t even come into knowledge of it, up till now!
	She quickly hid behind a boulder, hoping to conceal herself, stealthily peeking out from behind the rock to investigate the beast further. 
The beast resembled a giant wolf. He had coarse silver hair, and extraordinary contrasting, yellow eyes.
 	He gave out a loud growl and stood up on his back legs, he was the same height of the very pillars themselves. He went down on all fours and had begun to sniff the air. Has he picked up Elvia’s scent, was he now aware of her presence! The wolf beast had crept towards the boulder. With each step he neared, and it was agonizing to hear. The sound of him coming closer and closer, caused her to rattle in her skin, and she panicked! Elvia flew out from behind the boulder and into the temple. Then something had occurred to her; was it the moisture of the air passing through her wings that caused her to shudder, or was it her terror that had brought this quivering to her frailty!
	She stopped at the carved out hole in the wall that would hold the stone. Behind her, with a quiet low rumbling growl, the beast appeared, as she had placed it back, hoping that that would somehow make amends and all would be forgiven. But that was a wish that just wasn’t about to come true.
	Elvia could feel the beast’s hot breath flush away the chill nipping at her wings! She turned, dreading the sight of what maybe the last thing she’d ever see! But surprisingly, instead of striking her down, the beast spoke. “What have you done with the stone?” 
	Elvia, in a desperate panic, exclaimed. “I didn’t take it, Astrid did!” she bit her tongue. 
	“Who is this Astrid?” 
	Elvia answered; further regretting it. “She’s a witch.”
	The beast was enraged, and flared his nostrils, wailing out a loud roar! “A witch, in this forest!?” He roared like a thunder once more! “Tell me fairy… is she still meandering through the forest?” Impatient for an answer, the beast’s intense focus had Elvia shaking in a dither. If terror had a form, it would have had teeth and claws like this.
	“She’s out in the Forest!” As soon as she had said this, the beast had taken off, picking up the scent, and following like an instinctual hunter after his prey!
	Astrid sat down on a log with her chin rested upon her hands. She assumed Elvia would return, but she had not known why Elvia had left in the first place; where had she gone off to, with the stone... Had she meant to not come back, and just leave her there, to be rid of her...? Had she left her, meaning, that this was for good...? It had been awhile since she flew on off, and Astrid began to think this true… Well what was so special about that red stone, that someone would want it so? And what would someone have use of it for... Did the rock have any significant value? All the sudden a very provoking thought came to her, and had turned in her stomach; could it have been her mother’s will she was carrying out. She didn’t know everything about her mother. Maybe she knew things about the Forest that she never disclosed to her. Would she keep something secret from her own daughter? What would drive her to do such a thing, unless of course if it meant the safety of her child. Didn’t everyone have those kinds of secrets they should never reveal… some ugly truths always to be kept, and best to be forgotten? Could she have known something that was so painfully frightening, that she could never speak of it.
	As Astrid pondered these questions, something broke her concentration; the sound of a twig snapped! She drew up her head and shot her eyes into the surrounding Forest! Something was out there watching her! She quickly got on her feet and frantically moved her head from side to side, and front to back. What was out there? Could it be Elvia had returned finally? She rotated, turning on her feet to the left and then to the right.
	A faint low growl then had told her, disappointingly, no, it wasn’t Elvia. She peered into the direction of where the sound had come. It was there, where she had seen it. A huge beast, crouched low to the earth, all but twelve yards from her! Astrid turned and ran as fast as she could, as the wolf creature lunged towards her! What horror was this… 
The beast pursued her, tearing up the ground with a fast pace, and quick action. She hadn’t the stamina to get away from this thing; no matter what skilled maneuver she had hidden up her sleeve, this creature kept hot on her tail. She endured through a few more attempts to outwit this large canine, but it was no use, he was incredibly quick, and gaining on her. It wasn’t because he now moved faster… it was because she was losing speed! Astrid would soon tire, and then be caught, if this kept up. She had to do something, to even the odds. Astrid whispered in the magic tongue a spell, and her feet quickened; and then, she instantly acquired a great distance, and continued to move far on ahead of the beast. 
 	He hadn’t tired or had given up; he began to jump from tree to tree. This beast was quite remarkable and determined! He surely wanted to catch her, and this had to be all the more reason for her to get away from him! Astrid didn’t feel that she was in any danger; not for much longer anyway… The beast would have to slow and run out of energy soon… it wasn’t possible he could beat magic. But she could not believe what was to happen next. This beast would just not give up! Another unexpected feat of this creature’s pursuit threatened her; he had gained on her once again, leaping through the trees above!
 	She grew fraught with desperation. She would have to take a risk with this next spell she was about to perform. This spell took her mother years to execute successfully, and she herself, had not had success with it yet. This was a portal spell. She would keep it simple, and set it to take her from where she was now, to the edge of the Forest, where Elvia had her Life Stone. Astrid put one hand over the other, while chanting the same thing twice briskly. The air split into a black and bluish whirling liquid, but the power and force of the magic was too great for her to handle. She failed, and had it only for a second, and then it was gone. The beast had jumped down and reached his claws for her, but luckily in his descent, he lost ground and wasn’t as close to having her as he had thought. Astrid had to think of something quick! This beast surely intended to kill her. She mumbled a short whisper, and bounced up high into the sky, with extreme force behind her. She had gotten away again, and landed far off in the distance, but it wouldn’t be long before the beast caught up to her once more! She was running out of time… “Time… that’s it!”  
	Astrid knew she couldn’t run from the beast for much longer. She was weakened by the usage of her powers previous. Her only option now was to put herself in a Time Sphere. She was unsure if the Time Sphere would work, but then, searching through her memory on this, she remembered that any witch at any power level, could complete the Time Sphere.
	The Time Sphere was a deep sleep spell; it’d freeze you in your present time then unfreeze you in the future, transformed into something more powerful. This would be regarding spells, knowledgeable of magic, and physical strength. 
	Astrid was just going off her whim on this. No witch in her lifetime had ever discovered the mystery of how long one would be trapped inside the Time Sphere. It could be anywhere from a day to ten years, or even more, but... when you come out of the Time Sphere, your power evolves, and is increased ten times from what it was. It would make rational sense, for it to not be for more than a decade; there was nothing to lose. This was a good idea. Regardless, time proved to be a small exchange to make, when it comes to such a thing as obtaining power. 
	Yes, she would perform the Time Sphere. Without further thought, she put her palms up to the sky. She began to spin in a circle, and moved her arms down to her sides, then back up again; she had done this over and over, gradually becoming faster and faster with each time she did; speeding up like an engine. This motion continued and like how a caterpillar spins its cocoon, a crystal sphere began to form surrounding Astrid.
The Time Sphere was almost complete. Blue electric zaps jumped to the ground, like little prancing pixies, and the sparks from it, flew in the execution of a damaging dance! The electricity left large burns on the trees around her. The wind picked up, and began to swirl about in dust-devils, as rain poured from the sky. 
The wolf beast finally drew near. He came slashing through the Forest, deranged by odd imaginings and extreme fury. He crossed the last obstacle, separating a distance between him and Astrid. He gave out a beastly roar and jumped across a violently flowing river; not resting, until he had the witch in his clutches!
	There. She was in sight; with some sort of silvery liquid sphere harboring her. Her head hanging down, and her arms drooping to her sides. He jumped, and came flying through the air towards her. She closed her eyes, and the Time Sphere shut with a black icy film, sealing her safely inside. Then, lighting up with a white glowing halo, the frozen ball began to spin till it reached tremendous speed; however fast this sphere was spinning, it was enough to create an incredible windstorm. The Sphere vanished, barely allowing the beast to graze the icy surface with his ready claws!




















Chapter 2

Seven Hundred and Seventy-One Years Later


	Almost eight hundred years had passed since Astrid disappeared, and Elvia still lamented of that one day so long ago; which she would exchange an eternity for, just to relive again and stop those despicable things from happening. She was plagued with regret that she had ever picked up that red stone. Why… why did she do it…? She wished she had left it alone and took Astrid to see the Elder Forest Fairies instead. If she never had touched and carried it back to the temple, the Beast would have never learned of Astrid, and Astrid wouldn’t have gone away from the Forest. Elvia never told anyone of her encounter with Astrid, she thought it best not to. 
	Thus were Elvia’s thoughts, as she flew towards her Life Stone, where she first met the witch she had befriended. She gazed at her stone, supernaturally clearer than a diamond, and mused at the reflected colors of light, as if there were some message too deep to grasp, amid the rich, flickering, iridescent colored rays; reminding her of some odyssey gone wrong, or some abandoned purpose of that ill-fated day.
	Singing a sad, but beautiful song, she opened up and poured out her heart this soliloquy to Astrid. The sun was warm, and it was a fine day; like the one when she had been interrupted and frightened by a witch; a witch that had changed the Forest forever. As she commenced dancing on the transparent diamond object, sparkling spotlight rays, bent up from at her feet, like they were from a rotating prism in the middle of the clear wee lagoon. She climbed them in loveliness, as her arms flowed in a delicate motion, like willows in a gentle breeze. Her echoing, angelic voice, filled the trees with poetry; and sunlight joined the dance, and poured down from the sky happily, where all else was a bitter cold memory… Elvia could not forget.

	At the base of the mountain, far below the reaches of this mystical world; there was a man that would pave a way to something far greater than he could have ever imagined. What important role he would play in the discovery of a place more remarkable than any other place on earth! He was a tall, brown haired, brown eyed, man of 6'2", living in a house that he had built nestled amongst the trees; an ideal abode for his young family. His name was Adam Cross. He had two sons; Jack, a dark haired, light gray eyed, eight year old; and Adrian, a brown haired, hazel eyed, six year old.
	Adam had in his possession all the journals and writings, on the Lost Forest; he traveled, collecting everything he could get his hands on over the years, and dedicated his life, to accumulating any literature he could find about the legendary Lost Forest. How overwrought he became, studying them laboriously again and again. He had no knowledge of who they had been written by, exactly, or of where they originated from. The writings said that somewhere up on the mist covered mountain, there was a paradise, and to find it, you must first become lost…
	Adam gazed out through the big wood-framed window, facing the mountain; the morning sky, cloaked with thick rain clouds. Adrian, who just awoke, noticed his father looking out the window and quietly crept over to him. Adrian observed, looking up at his father, then out at the mountain.
	“Why are you looking at the mountain?” 
	Adam looked down at his youngest son, and said jokingly. “I’m looking at the mountain, because I don’t want to forget what it looks like!” 
	Adrian laughed and said. “What is up there?” 
	Adam replied with an exaggerated and expressive countenance. “Somewhere... up there... there is a Forest, where no one has ever been. A Forest filled with creatures that have never been seen... and most of all, the Four Protectors… who make sure to keep it that way!” 
	Adrian always showed great enthusiasm and Adam loved this about most children; their adventurous spirit!
	 “Can we go out and find it right now?”
	 Adam glanced at Adrian then back out the window, as if in deep thought. “Someday, we will… but not now.” Adrian stared at the mountain, in mostly just mimicking his dad, rather than actually having a reason to for himself. Adrian was definitely daddy’s little boy.
	Meanwhile, Jack was still in his bedroom, groggily waking from slumber, rubbing his tired eyes. With a yawn he stretched out his arms from east to west, much like a compass deciding where to steady its arrow. Partially off balance, he got up to enter the hallway, and stumbled towards the kitchen, to fetch a glass of water. 
He caught a glimpse of his father and Adrian, staring out the big window, as he proceeded around the counter. Curious, and yet amused, he veered over and said as he looked on out at the scenery. “Aw man, it’s gonna rain again!” 
	Adam looked at his older son Jack, and said in a sense of humor. “And that means we can spend all day in the house listening to me telling stories of the Lost Forest… AGAIN!”
	Jack poked fun back. “No… Adrian can.”  
            Adrian smiled at his father. “How long will it take us to find the Forest dad?” 
	Adam answered. “Well, let’s see… you won’t be old enough for at least fourteen years, and then… we would need at least, ah… two months for preparations, and to get a team together for this expedition!” 
	Adrian gleamed with excitement. “I can hardly wait!” 
	Jack rolled his eyes and walked off into the kitchen, to get that glass of water he wanted. He only truly remembered what it was like, to be so parched, as he watched the water pour out from the container.
Adam knew Jack to be more of a seeker than a lifer. Adrian was definitely a lifer like him. But Jack seemed to have it all figured out. He always assumed responsibility, and was a very good big brother to Adrian; aside from picking on him from time to time. That was a thing to laugh at and dismiss; for what siblings didn’t pick on each other. 
	“So what do we want for breakfast?” 
	Adrian wanted the same thing for breakfast every morning it seemed; always. “I want pancakes!” 
	Adam clapped and rubbed his hands together playfully, and said. “Pancakes it is!” Adam walked into the kitchen, took a bowl out of the cupboard, and started mixing up the batter. Adrian followed right behind his father, elated to help him. Adam had a magnetizing personality, finding the fun and appreciation in everything. But even though it was Adrian, that had only ever been a sponge, eager to absorb and depend on daddy, Jack was not distant, just more independent; a natural born leader, as one would predict. 
	The first pancake was poured into the spattering greased pan, by the time Jack had finished his second glass of water. He walked back to his room, to change out of his pajamas, and by the time he had come back, Adrian and his dad were setting the table with plates, forks, and three glasses of orange juice. Jack opened the refrigerator door, grabbed the syrup, and placed it on the table. 
	Before eating, they all sat down and folded their hands to pray. “Lord, thank you for this food we’re about to receive… and may it leave us in good health... Amen...” 
“Amen.” Jack said along with his father. 
	Adrian thought it fun to wait after they both had said it, then he would say it in a cute childish characterized voice. Adam would be annoyed, but at least Adrian was original, he had to give him that. 
	Adam had raised his kids as best he could, to be self-disciplined, have good values, and to be all around, good people. It hadn’t been an easy thing to do in a broken family. Their mother and him were divorced. They clashed in the worse of ways; because of his obsessions and free spirit, and her practical business-woman mentality. She wasn’t the most positive person to be around. But she did have at least one trait that he had fallen in love with, and will always be in love with; her crazy overachieving, workaholic attitude.
	Jack was the first to finish breakfast. He rose from the table, and went over to the sink, rinsed his plate, and then proceeded to take the trash out. Adam and Adrian finished eating, did the dishes, and put them away. Jack had been gone for quite a while now… Adam wondered what could be keeping him. He looked at the clock and noticed that Jack had been out there for almost half an hour! This was ridiculous!
	Adam walked out the front door, shooting back a worried look at Adrian, telling him to sit tight for a minute. He thought that something terrible might have happened! With haste, he made his way to the back of the house, and luckily he found Jack there, cradling a baby raccoon in his arms. Adam sighed with relief. “Jack! You scared me half to death! I thought something horrible had happened to you!” 
	 “I’m sorry dad, but I got caught up with this raccoon here. He was trapped in the trashcan, so I had to get him out… can I keep him?” 
	Adam looked at Jack with composure and replied. “Where would you keep a raccoon?” 	
Jack said in a positive manner. “Rickie can stay in my room, and I’ll take good care of him, I promise! So can I please, keep him?” 
	Adam stared at the raccoon for a moment, and pondered, then, gently rubbed his furry little head. “Since you named him, he’s part of the family now; so he’s stuck with us!”
	Jack, in anxious excitement, thanked his dad more than once, as he ran for the house with his new pet raccoon, Rickie. This would be great, having a pet raccoon. How he couldn’t wait to see Adrian’s face, when he walked in the door, with this furry little friend in his arms.
	Drawing a picture of the mountain for his dad, Adrian dropped his crayon and ran after Jack who carried a baby raccoon to his room. Adam smiled, laughed, and then shook his head, as he heard Jack ranting on and on to Adrian, about his new pet. 
 
	That night, they all gathered around the fireplace, and Adam started to tell them legends of the Lost Forest. “Long ago… before man even existed, there was a sacred and enchanted Forest with Four Protectors, and it was filled with mysterious creatures! The Protectors are Beings in the form of humans, gifted with unknown powers and abilities! They are said to be the first of this world; and also the creators of the elements themselves! No one of our world has ever seen them, so no one here knows, for sure, if they exist... or what if that is not it at all… what if they just don’t want to be discovered…”
	Adam went on and on about the legends, with great enthusiasm, keeping his vocabulary simple, until Jack and Adrian fell asleep. Then, he put them to bed, and went to his study.
	 It’d seem he’d spent night after night, endlessly studying, figuring out as much as he could, and comparing notes; but he always ended up, not quite being able to fit the pieces together. What was it about the legends of the Lost Forest, that he couldn’t find any hard facts; how would he be able to prove this to anyone! If only he could… then he would have something. He needed concrete evidence, proof, that the Forest existed. 
	Frustrated, Adam began exploring the mountain by himself. He went rampaging around, from time to time, to see if he could make any sense of what he read, if he could find anything unusual; but he had made none-whatsoever progress. 
One day, when Adam had gone on a hike in the woods, he could have sworn he saw something. A ghostly movement of some kind; he was not certain. He chased towards it, but there was nothing there. He looked around, his vision sharp. He felt that something had been watching him, but found there to be nothing again.
	He continued to walk, still keeping an eye out. Some kind of out of this world presence had been taunting him. Like a demon, it plagued him, tormented him, to the point of making him question his own sanity. This time there was definitely a presence of something, and it closed in on him; he sensed it. No doubt in his mind now; there was undeniably something there. Adam quickly turned, and took a few steps back on his heel. The air was quiet, the woods were calm; and there was nothing there to see, but just the forest and him. If any kind of thing was disturbing anything, it was him, who had been doing so. Had he gone mad? He backed up on his heel several more steps, feeling disheartened and confused. He cried for help, when all of a sudden, he tripped and disappeared into the ground, falling down into a deep black pit. His body, clumsily bounced off one side of the pit to the next, ripping pieces of his flesh and clothes, and leaving them hang on the jagged rocks. The faces of his two young boys, and the thought of how he may never find the Forest, flashed through his eternal contemplation in one instant. The fall ended; and Adam’s body laid at the bottom of the hole, without a sound, or even the slightest motion.
	His sons, unaware of what had happened, wondered why their father hadn’t return. It was dark now; Jack and Adrian were afraid! This was not like their father, to leave them all alone at home, when the sun had gone down.
	Jack thought of going out to look for his dad, but the woods were not safe for a child his age. The woods were full of wolves and bears, and other wild animals as well, and God knows what else. Adrian was in a panic, and Jack tried to comfort him, by letting him hold Rickie. Adrian started to calm down, until he heard thunder roar from outside. Oh how ironic that a storm would be raging in such a situation. Adrian squeezed Rickie tightly, and ran into his room. Jack ran after him and closed the door. They sat on the bed, hiding under the covers, waiting for the rain to stop. 
 	Opening his eyes from a pleasant dream, into a nightmare, Jack woke, and realized it was morning. Jack looked at Adrian, peacefully asleep, still holding Rickie in his arms. He roused his little brother, and they both, began searching the house for their father. Adrian held Rickie tightly, as he followed Jack out of the room. 
They went to Adam’s study, to see if he was there; and peeking around the corner, Jack was sorely disappointed he wasn’t.
 	This really had happened to them; their father had gone missing. And out of all the tragic scheme of things, that could have been; that could have gone wrong; this was it. Jack entered the room, treading his feet over the parquet floor, and came to his father’s desk. There, he saw a large opened book, with several other papers collected around it of Adam’s handwriting. Also on the desk, there were a few bound and tied, much older books… and a few scuffled journals. The big book, was opened to a page, page fourteen; and something caught Jack’s eyes, as significant, upon that page; some kind of symbols, in quilled ink, bordering along the edge of the bound paper. There were more designs, drawings; and written there, upon the page, was an interesting description of a village that use to stand at the bottom of the mountain; more than several hundred years ago.  He read on: 
Beyond the woods covered in mist,
Far from the shadows where the sun hits,
There lies the Forest that began all of this.

	Jack stopped reading, lost in thought for a moment;  his beliefs, worries, and all sense entertained by fear, and further realization of the downright seriousness of the incident that his father had gone missing; and still since last night, had not returned. Could he ever hope to see his father again. Jack picked up the phone, to call the police. The line was dead. He should go look for his father, but he couldn’t leave Adrian alone; plus, he hadn’t any idea of where to start… 
	A few days later, when the phone lines were back on, Jack made a called to his mother, and told her, that their father had been missing for three days. She flew out there to handle the situation, and immediately, she had a search and rescue team looking for Adam. They found his body five days later. 
	It was almost too tragic to be true; but it was. Their mother broke the news to them in tears. Jack took to silent mourning. This was a lot to take in, and now everything would also change, because of it. Adrian was traumatized. They all hugged and cried together, but it was Adrian who had freaked out the most. “No! He’s not dead!” he screamed in utter horror, his mother then comforting him more, which was all that she felt she could do, and knew how to do. She told them, that they would have to leave here, and come live with her in America. Of course, she wouldn’t let Rickie go along, so Jack had to say goodbye to him; and that seemed to tear every little bit that remained of his father away from him. It was as if his death was being rubbed in his face; how stricken and unsettled it made him feel; not only because Rickie was his pet, but because his dad allowed him to keep him. 
	While their mom helped Adrian pack, Jack finished packing, and went into his dad’s study. He grabbed the worn, leather-covered books, from on his father’s desk, gathering up the papers also, and put them in his bag, along with everything else he could find, that his dad had jotted down and made sketches of. After Jack and Adrian were ready, their mother took them aside, to speak to them; in hopes to help them accept the change. “It will be okay. Everything is going to be alright.” she tried to give them a sense of reassurance, that even though their father was no longer with them, they would somehow find a way to move on. They walked out the door, and Jack and Adrian took one last look at the house, as they loaded there stuff into the vehicle. 
When they arrived at the airport, and boarded the plane, Jack began to cry, and stared out the small round window. He made a promise to himself at that very moment; that someday he would find the Lost Forest; for the world... and for his dad.  	















Chapter 3

Time to Find the Lost Forest


 	As if time had a point to prove, it’s been twenty years and Jack still remembered the promise he made all those years ago, that day on the plane. 
 	For the last five years Jack had been charting out maps of the area around the Mountain. He had also studied and compared the leather bond books and journals, that his father once had done before, and was so passionate about. The writings hadn’t said much about the forest, and it didn’t say anything about the location, except that it was somewhere… on the Mountain. Very unclear; he understood now why his father had been so frustrated. What good was it to write about something, if one would not be accumulating any concrete data, or proof from it. It was a mystery, the village was a mystery; and the writers of the journals, two of them being more significant than the rest; one, an unidentified woman from the village, who told tales of magic, and the other… his father; just two sizably eccentric individuals, sharing the same obsession.
	 Jack had changed a lot over the years. His hair darkened to black, and his eyes, settled to a light grayish blue; and his perfect eyebrows, defining them in-depth. He was now a handsome, well-built man of 6'1".	
	It all began in a dream. One night, Jack dreamt that he had been venturing over the countryside, the clouds rolling in the sky, and then he found himself surrounded by trees. He heard the voice of a young woman echoing and calling for help. He ran to her rescue, but he couldn’t find her; and the closer he got to the sounds of her cries, the farther away he was from her. Then all of a sudden, he heard a death hurling scream. It all had gone wrong, and he had failed to save her.
	Jack woke up in a sweat, breathing heavily. He tried to go back to sleep, but he couldn’t clear his head, of the terrible and frightfully disturbing dream he had. He got out of bed, took a shower, put on some clothes, and went to the kitchen to make some coffee. 
When all is said and done it would not be too soon or too late. Whether the invitation was given or not, he found that he couldn’t help himself from visiting these beckoning thoughts, which would tell him that this dream… had something to do with his father, regarding the Lost Forest. Over a black cup of pick-me-up, he came to a conclusion in his ever-bothered mind. It was time to go back to his father’s old abandoned house at the bottom of the Mountain, and uncover what was hiding in the mysterious mist. It was time to find the Lost Forest. It was time to call Adrian.
Jack picked up the phone and dialed a number. After a few rings there was an answer. “Hello!” 	
Adrian recognized the characteristics of Jack, when he expressed something of great importance. He knew it meant serious business, no matter when or what it was; and this subject was even more so a personal matter for the both of them. “Adrian, pack your bags and assemble a team, we are going to the mountain. It is about time we find the Lost Forest.” 
	 “I’m on it.” 
	 Adrian was a planner of archeological digs. He would get the gear and the team ready, and Jack would take them to the digsite. Adrian grew into a man almost identical to his father. His hair was brown and his height 6'2"; but his eyes were hazel, not brown like how his father’s were. But it was almost scary how much like him he had turned out to look. Adrian clutched to the phone tightly.
This time, he wasn’t just getting a team together; he was getting THE team together!
Adrian knew this wasn’t another archaeological dig. This wasn’t even close to an archaeological dig, of what they had gone on in the past. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity… a search for the legendary Lost Forest. 

	It was a hot sunny day in the Badlands and Eric, a twenty-seven year old archaeologist, blond, blue-eyed guy, of average height, wiped the sweat from his forehead, and opened his canteen to take a drink. 
His pretty redheaded girlfriend came walking towards him with a radiophone. She handed it to him, saying. “Babe! Adrian!”
	Eric quickly took the phone. “Hi Adrian, what can I do for you?” 
	 “Eric, I have something big, a once in a lifetime opportunity! In fact, this will be the most important discovery mankind has ever uncovered. Pack up, and get yourself, Samantha, Oliver, Thomas, Ron, and Helen too… to New York as quick as you can!” 
	Eric and Samantha were old friends of Jack and Adrian from college, and they have worked together on a few successful digs in the past and on, up till date, so they knew they could put their trust in them, when they said. “Pack up, and come to New York.” Right after Adrian’s call, Eric, Samantha, and the four others, who were there working with them at the site, began packing all the equipment, and tearing down camp.  

	When they arrived in New York, Adrian had already been waiting for them at the Airport entrance, with a van. There were five others, and no doubt, hired professionals, in the van along with Adrian, whom Eric and Samantha hadn’t recognized. 
	As Eric, Samantha, Oliver, Thomas, Ron and Helen, got into the fifteen-passenger van, they introduced themselves to the five strangers. Eric and Samantha first greeted Adrian, and then, Eric shook the hand of the first of the five. “Hi! I’m Eric.”
	The Russian Mercenary, with short sandy blond hair, and amber eyes, replied; informing directly. “Good to meet you, I’m Angelus, and this is Ross, Emily, Coral, and Mark.” Eric established a friendly vibe with the rest, and gave a slight wave of his hand. Samantha then, made her introduction. “I’m Samantha, and this is Helen.” Helen had light brown hair and dazzling green eyes, and Angelus was caught in a short hesitant stare because of this; and then, said quickly. “I’m sorry, Helen!” He shook her hand and then said with a smile. “Your eyes are stunning by the way!” Helen smiled back, and said with a playful tone. “Yeah I get that a lot!” Oliver, Thomas and Ron, seated themselves with pleasant gestures, and then, Adrian, eager to start the drive, said jokingly. “Okay! Now that you’re all acquainted you wouldn’t mind if we get moving now, would you?”
	None of them had seemed to pay any attention to him, or to what he had said. He paused for a response, but didn’t receive one. He looked at the driver, and then, looked on out the front windshield, and said. “Okay then, let’s start our engines.” The driver started the van and drove off.

	It was outside the right windows, where Jack stood for everyone to see. He waited by the entrance of a private jet as the driver pulled up in an empty parking lot, and turned off the ignition. All of them came out of the van with their bags, and boarded the private jet; with Jack, giving each one of them his acknowledgment, as they had done so. After the plane door was shut, now with everything and everyone loaded aboard, the pilot had commenced take off.
 	Jack briefed them on the details, and of what this expedition had been all about, explaining to them where they were headed, and why. He ended on a heartfelt note, bringing up his father. “Before my father died, he dedicated his life to finding the Lost Forest. It was his dream and since he never lived to fulfill that dream… I’m going to fulfill it for him. My father was a great man, and I will not let his death be in vain. I will find the Forest for him… along with all of your help. That is why I had Adrian, bring all of you uniquely together. We are going to the Mountain, covered in mist.” 

 	It was a cold October day. The sky was cloudy, and the air, had been thick with humidity. The sticky feeling on their skin was quickly forgotten, when they unloaded their baggage, and supplies into the rented jeeps, they had waiting there for them, upon arrival. 
	They continued their journey to the mountain, and there it was; the old house, where Jack and Adrian, once had lived as children, along with their father, until the tragedy of his death. Coming back here had made all these memories, logged away for years, just come fluttering back on through Jack’s head.  Then all was silent in his loud mind, and his thoughts were focused on one particular event, of his father, looking out the big front window, facing the mountain; and then, out of nowhere, his thoughts were interrupted, when a raccoon ran out in front of the vehicle! Jack slammed on the brakes! Adrian, behind him, came to the same abrupt halt, and just barely missed crashing into Jack, and rear ending him! Jack opened the door and hopped out, to check and see if the raccoon had been hurt. The creature lay disheveled in the dirt, just a foot from the tire, but he didn’t seem to be injured. Oh how he hoped the poor thing was alright; he picked up a stick, and poked the little animal, to see if it was alive. It gave him a start, when the raccoon quickly came ‘round, hesitated for a moment, in a daze; insomuch, Jack was shaken up a bit himself; it came to look in his direction, sniffed the air, and then, ran off. Adrian rolled down his window. “Hey Jack, he sure gave you a fright, almost as much as you did him. Do you think the raccoon could have been Rickie?” 	
	Jack replied with a slight grin. “No! It’s not; he wouldn’t even still be living. Now shut up Adrian.” Jack climbed into the jeep, and drove on down the unpaved trail; coming up on the right, was the house, and he parked on the side of the road, in front of the big window; as did Adrian. They opened the doors, stepping out of the jeeps. Jack and Adrian, just stood and stared at the old place; how peaceful, though haunting.
Jack broke the silence. “Well, we better have a look inside, before we unload.” 	
Adrian agreed; harmlessly mocking his paranoia. “Okay… you first!” 
	Jack replied with irritation. “What? Are we still kids here?” 
	Adrian continued in hopes to instigate. “No… I just think you should be the first to go inside.” 
	Jack pulled out a key from his pocket, and walked up the rickety, old, wooden stairs, to the front door. Just as if they were kids, Adrian tagged along. He unlocked the door, turned the knob, and pushed it open, while keeping a cautious distance. He slowly crept into the dark, and dusty, old house to look around. Maybe Adrian was just a little uneasy about the place; after all, it was a sensitive issue returning here after all these years. Indeed he tried very much to put any depressing thoughts from his mind. He waited till Jack had taken a few more steps into the dusty old front room, and then, he walked in after him. 
Jack went on investigating, whereas Adrian lit the oil lamps, squishing a huge spider on the mantel. 
	Relieved, as if something had been troubling him, but wasn’t anymore; Jack concluded. “Alright! Let’s get the gear in here… and the luggage of course.” Jack walked out the door with haste in his step, and grabbed his bags and announced that everyone should follow him into the house. Eric and Samantha were the first to respond, which broke any resistance thereon, that had kept the rest from proceeding to do so as well. 
	Jack led them up the stairs and around the corner, to the living room. This was the closest room to the front entrance, other than the kitchen. Everything had gone according to plan so far. He turned to face his followers. “Alright everybody… This is where you are going to rest for the night; and first thing in the morning, we head out, up the mountain. It is always best to get a fresh start, don’t you agree?” Eric and Samantha nodded, and then, Jack continued. “Angelus and his group, will scout out ahead, and set a trail of markers, so we can find our way back. The rest of us will stay in a group. The key is to stick together so that no one gets lost; let’s make this a safe venture, and stay close as possible, no wandering off; and this will effectively make Angelus’s and his teams’, job much easier.” Eric, Samantha, Oliver, Thomas, Ron and Helen, agreed, and started unrolling their sleeping bags.
	Angelus and Helen, talked for quite some time; until finally, Jack told them to quiet down; and not keep him and the others up with their chatter; because they were getting up at 5:00 A.M.

	How the hours just slipped on by, it was morning already. Jack gave the wakeup call, by blowing a loudly annoying whistle. 
	After a light breakfast, of trail mix, energy bars, and other packaged and portable foods; all of them got their things packed up, and strapped on their backpacking equipment. Angelus and his team had a few additional items, such as rifles, knives, first aid, binoculars and a compass.  
	They were all outside, and were soon to be on their way, when all of a sudden, Jack slipped a bit on faulty footing, for he was caught off guard by something that the others would not understand; an interrupting vision; something that had never happened to him before. It was of a woman running from a terrifying beast. The vision had come almost as soon as it had left. Jack stumbled, wide-eyed, as if he was delirious, and all at once, recovered; coming back to his senses. Had this momentary lapse of his concentration been from something else… or was it stress. What could have caused it... Adrian looked at Jack, with confusion, as he kept him from almost collapsing. This was not like Jack; had he become ill. 
	“Are you okay Jack?” 
	Jack anxiously responded. “Of course I’m okay! Just lost my balance for a second there! That’s all! Angelus… you and your team go on ahead, and do what it is you do; get it prepared! I’m fine… no problems.” Jack paled like how someone would look if feverish, but his skin returned to its normal healthy appearance, quickly enough, for Angelus to not take great notice; but his brother had. Angelus replied, without giving a second thought of what just happened with Jack. “Yes sir, come on men… let’s move!”
 	Jack turned to the rest. “Okay everybody, let’s head out; we’re burning daylight!”  
	Angelus was the first to enter the woods, and he signaled his team to collect inward, with a describing hand motion. They followed his orders immediately, and formed a defensive circle, while still moving forward. They had a system that was quite effective and efficient. 
 	Jack and Adrian followed Angelus and his men, leading the rest into the woods. It was haunting; just as they came into the forest, it had all too suddenly, lowered in temperature. It grew darker, and then, even a little bit colder, allowing them to see their breath as they exhaled. The further they went into these woods, the further on they wandered into despair. 
	They were much deeper within the thickness of the forest now, and the forest had transformed. It became something both beautiful and frightening. Much larger and moss grown, and like right out of a horror story, the trees morphed into tall dark wonders. They gave the atmosphere a sense of death, and of vast secrets, older than time. 
	The ground was covered in savage vegetation, decaying leaves and fallen branches. When it began, now, to look much too unsettling, Adrian leaned closer to Jack, and whispered cautiously. “Jack... what if something bad happens… to us…” 
	Jack replied in slight aggravation. He always felt his brother’s commonsense had not been as matured as he would have liked, or had the patience for. “That’s why I hired Angelus and his very competent team!”
	Eric came into the conversation, in trying to take Adrian’s mind of this nonsense paranoia, with a little sense of humor. “Adrian! It’s not like you to be afraid, especially in front of the ladies!” Eric laughed a little, and then, gradually became quiet, when he figured out he wasn’t helping Adrian’s mood at all.
	Samantha attempted to cheer Eric up. “It’s okay dear, I thought you were funny; Adrian just might be too busy obsessing over nothing to comprehend that you’re hilarious… and should do this for a living you clever devil you; why don’t you!” 
	Adrian shot a look back at them. “I heard that!” Samantha quickly exclaimed, while Adrian still had his eyes on her. “What is that?!” She pointed just beyond and in front of them all, causing Adrian to jolt with panic, as he immediately turned his view forward, to have a look. There was nothing there; Samantha started convulsing with laughter, and tried to speak, but she couldn’t. Now that it was revealed how seriously jumpy Adrian was, Eric found, that it was something to laugh at as well.
	Adrian looked to Jack, and commented. “Look at them; they’re just a couple of squawking birds of a feather!” Adrian turned to face Samantha, and continued. “Samantha! The next time you say there is something in front of me; I’m not going to loo—” 
	Samantha cut him off, and put on an act, expressing terror. “Holy shit! What’s that?” 	
Adrian hadn’t turned his head to look this time; he kept his eyes fixed upon Samantha, who was behind Jack; pointing for Adrian to watch where he was going, but he hadn’t paid any mind to her. The ball was in her court on this hilarity strike, and he walked right into a good sized tree; but would be considered as a young sprout compared to the size of the others. He fell down clumsily. Samantha, with her arm around Eric’s shoulder, and her stare locked on Adrian; and Eric, with his arm around her waist, burst into laughter as Adrian laid out on the ground, dumbfounded and embarrassed.
	 “You better look next time; I might be telling you the truth!” She continued to laugh, and so did everyone else after that unrecoverable episode.
	This was sure enough to get anyone’s mind off of something; and he didn’t feel as suspicious of the woods, now, that he had been outwitted by a female. He quickly got up and ran on passed Eric and Samantha, and caught up to Jack. Jack had now drifted quite a ways on ahead, from the rest of the group, so it took a bit of speed.
	“Stop fooling around, I think you’re right… there is something out there!” Jack said, as Adrian came up to his side.
	 “You think I’m going to fall for that?” 
	Before Jack could reply, a distinctive snap of a twig breaking, suddenly came from the depths of the trees to their left. Adrian turned his head to find the source, but only saw as far as twelve yards of shadowy ground and trees; and beyond that, there was nothing visible; maybe a dark outline of some fluffy mammal, dashing to conceal itself. Now the fear Adrian felt had purpose. And he regretted this purpose. The woods ricocheted with more of this snapping, and then swift dashing movements. Something was coming towards them, and it wasn’t friendly! Eric, Samantha, Oliver, Thomas, Ron and Helen, neared, slowed pace, then stood together. They could hear it too; how it taunted them; rebounding from every direction!
	“What the hell is that!” Adrian was frozen at the very sight, of which he now could not believe his eyes. Angelus stopped; alert and listening. He motioned for his team to follow, as he turned and hurried towards Adrian and Jack. Then all of a sudden, cutting through the forest, Angelus spotted a crazed wolf, darting forth at full speed, for Adrian; its every thought, involving, ripping him apart.
	Angelus took off in a sprint, as fast as his legs would carry him, and shouted loudly, for them to take cover behind him! Angelus’s team ran to guard Eric, Samantha, and the other four, who were of a minor distance away, from Jack and Adrian. They had their rifles in hand ready to shoot! As they passed him, Angelus knelt down on one knee, cocked his rifle, and aimed at the maddened wolf, currently coming straight for him! He quickly lined up his rifle and fired! The wolf went down, and its body produced a cloud of dust, as it slid and came to a jolted halt; three feet in front of Angelus. Angelus got up and rushed to guard Jack and Adrian, who were just a few yards behind him. 
	Ross, Emily, Coral, and Mark, kept a look out for wolves, lurking in the void; growls and rustling, giving away the secret, that they were out there. Somewhere. But where exactly, was a mystery of the shadows, where they were concealed by there ever-heightened killer instincts. Emily saw something move behind the trees far off in front, its glowing eyes flashing in the darkness. What were they waiting for. What were they strategizing out there. It was an ambush; and a large set of teeth and claws, were coming at them from every direction. What a master plan of attack, these predators had crafted. There were six in number, closing in, as if summoned by the devil himself. Emily did not flinch. She was the first to fire her rifle at one giant alpha closest to her. It was a direct hit to the brain, and the wolf’s head smacked down, producing a bone crushing sound, and caused the body to do a complete somersault, over the ground. 	
Ross shot at the second wolf, but his aim was faulty, and he missed. They didn’t have time for misses; but where Ross failed, Emily immediately lined up her rifle, and took the frontrunner down. Mark fired at the third wolf, but the wolf had observed his fallen pack, and dodged the bullet. Would they be outsmarted and overtaken by these keen hunters. What a tragic misfortune that would be. The wolf had maddened, and was out for blood, headed straight towards Mark in frenzied rage. Mark took a second shot, and this time, hit it in the chest effectively. The wolf, that just a moment ago, had ripped up the forest floor, whimpered and collapsed. Coral, keeping steady and calm, locked her rifle to the wolf ahead of her, and sent a bullet through its heart. Four down, two to go. But the remaining two were uncomfortably close, to making contact.
	Samantha, Eric, Oliver, Thomas, Ron and Helen, wailed out screams of terror. The wolves were dangerously close to them.
	Ross ran forward a short distance from the rest of the team, and fired at one of the wolves. But the wolf had been closer than he could have anticipated. The bloodthirsty hunter jumped on him, knocking the gun out of his hand, and sunk its teeth into his arm. Emily and Coral acted quick, before the wolf could cause him any serious injury. 
	Coral had reached him first, and took out her knife, and drove it into the wolf’s throat. The wolf backed off of him, blood gushing from its neck profusely, as it lunged for the hand that held the knife. Emily did not let it live long enough to have success in this attempt, to mull up Coral’s hand. She raised her rifle to her shoulder, and finished it off.
	What horror waited just behind them, they did not know. From out of nowhere, the last wolf came leaping over a fallen tree, crushing Oliver to the ground. The wolf did not hesitate to rip out his jugular, and he was killed almost instantly. Turning to fire at the wolf, Mark was too late to save Oliver, but not too late to bring death to this depraved abomination. 
It was a horrifying sight to withstand; blood pooling out from under the body, with the dead wolf, lying on top, pressing the fluids out forcefully like from a grape. Thomas, Ron, Helen, Samantha, Eric, Adrian, and Jack, were shocked by the utter truth of this sudden horror… the scene seared terror in their hearts, and there was a long silence.
	Coral and Emily mended Ross’s arm. Luckily, the wolf that attacked him, hadn’t been granted enough time, to do any serious damage; given any more than a few seconds, that thing would have easily shredded his flesh from right off the bone! But he had gotten away with just a couple of bite-marks, and few minor scratches.
	Samantha and Eric sat on a rock, comforting one another, and Thomas, Ron and Helen, compared sympathies about Oliver’s death. How sad it was; his wife and kids would miss him. 
Just standing out there in the darkness, staring at him, Angelus spotted a wolf off in the distance. Knowing he was outmatched, the wolf cowered, and turned to run off in the opposite direction. 
	“Jack, Adrian! Follow me.” Angelus kept ever-watchful eyes, as they reunited with the rest. 
Ross groaned in pain while Coral stitched him up. Emily stood by, ready with her gun. “What happened here?” 
Mark ran up to inform. “Sir, one dead, one injured!” Angelus looked at the sight of Oliver, and then looked at Helen. He focused his concern on her; and anything else, he now just barely paid attention. 
	Angelus never felt so affected by conditions like this, until now that it had involved a woman he had set his eyes on. He walked over to where she knelt in the dirt crying. “Are you alright Helen?”
	 “I’m okay; I’m just a bit shaken.” Angelus looked down at her with compassion, which at that time, was when he felt for the first time, a splurging rush of emotion; he wanted to protect her, reassure her. He stood there for a moment, and then, went to check on the condition of the others; and ignoring the need to take her in his arms. Now was not the time or place for such a thing. But in truth, he didn’t care. He would have done it, and he wished he did, but he had already marched away. 
	Jack asked Angelus in an observant irresolution, as he passed on by. “Where are we?” Angelus pulled out his compass, and stopped to take a look. There was no way to tell of which direction they had come from, or in what direction they had been heading, at the moment. The compass arrow just spun round and round. “How odd.”  Angelus gave it a shake. “Mark, let me see the radar, designating the markers. The radar was blank; there was no trail back showing up on the screen; they had no idea where they were.
Jack said in a start! “We’re lost, aren’t we!?”
	“Yes Jack… I’m afraid so.” Angelus let the radar device drop from his fingers. “So, do you want to continue this search, or attempt to find a way back?” Jack replied. “I had no idea things would get this out of hand. We’re dealing with something more than what we had bargained for, or are able to control.” Jack pondered for a minute, then continued. “Regrettably I say this… we shouldn’t go on any further on this, and we should find a way back.” 


Chapter 4

Lost in the Woods


	They walked through the woods, retracing their steps, trying so desperately to remember the way they had come; but it was no use. The further they departed down the mountain, the higher the altitude they gained. There was something about this place that defied all logic, they were entirely lost.
 	The wolf attack, and now this mind-trip had them all in a start. Coral walked beside Ross with her rifle ready. The forest had become something interwoven, and entrapping, gradually growing denser.
 	Angelus glanced back at Helen; she was aside Samantha who held onto Eric, walking slowly in horror and dejection.
In this next area, a fire that had come through here years ago, blackened the huge old saplings. The moss grew obscurely beautiful, over the black bark, in uneven patches, covering most of the trunks of the tall and mighty titans. At their feet, as they walked, were all kinds of rocks, moss, plants; and from how the ground was before, scattered with debris from the trees, there were very few twigs and branches now. The smell of mildew had stricken the air of the woods; these woods of desolation and dying. What a magically morbid place. What a mind-trip. This was the sort of place that one would go mad; find all the delirium and delusion that could possibly be had; only here could they hope to find the worst of their imaginings, being likely to come true. This place surely was wretchedly stifling to the soul. All aspects of freedom, or getting out alive, gone; taken. All of them were thinking of it; this hopelessness, this knowledge to expect nothing, but a bitter end; it had been thrown in their face, mocking them; the loudness of their thoughts, could not be ignored. 
	Early evening told them, they had been walking for hours, and still had found nothing. Angelus stopped and turned, observing the surrounding area, exchanging brief words with his fellow team; and then, said authoritatively. “We set up camp here!” 
	Adrian, had made a comment to Jack, under his breath. “Finally, it’s about time.” Jack replied. “You’re still alive aren’t you? Be grateful; if it weren’t for Angelus, you wouldn’t be… none of us would.” 
	By nightfall, there were five, canvass, two man tents, set up in a half circle, around a blazing and crackling campfire. The pops were many at first, but then, every-so now and then. That is how fire reacts to damp timber. The fire was just far enough away, so the canvass wouldn’t catch ablaze, from any shooting embers. Emily and Mark were on first watch, while everyone else slept. They had stood guard for four hours, when Angelus and Coral had taken their place. Mark and Emily fell asleep immediately, as they stumbled into the tent on the outer left.
	None of them did get a decent night’s sleep. This strange place had made everything they did, harder than it use to be. It was taxing on their health; Coral might have came down with something. She had a nasty wet cough. Awake, from a struggle with restlessness; it was four in the morning, as they gathered around the campfire, eating various packaged foods impatiently; time to pack up and get the hell out of there. They had made their presence known plenty well enough; at any moment, they could be under attack from some wild animal, looking for a snack. Speedily, it was, packing up the tents; they just wanted to get out of there. Angeles led the way, and they all were glad to be on the move again. Adrian thought of everyone around him. What was to become of them? Were they ever to make it out of the woods alive? Samantha had kept a strange silence about her, after the wolf attack; but so did everyone else. She, most in particular, always being the one known to instigate entertainment out of anyone or anything around her, now projected a different persona. But she let the situation be… and left Adrian alone. She was scared, and Adrian never saw her act such a way. Had things really become so hopeless? Eric kept her close to him, shielding her. 
	There rose to remain, and then, stagger along for the ride, a stench in the air. Angelus grew frustrated and a little angry. Ross was beginning to become delirious from the wolf bite; he felt light headed, dizzy; and all around, exhausted. His immune system was failing to fight off the infection. Coral took his arm and pressed on the stitches, causing pus to emerge, and wiped it away with a swab of disinfectant. Ross could not have gone on, how he did, without Coral’s attentive support every step of the way; he was grateful for her, and also, that he was not in worse condition. Any more time on him, that wolf could have done such injury, requiring serious medical assistance. 
	Helen peered straight forward; sight fixed. Something odd had caught her eye. “What is that?” As they neared, they saw that it was Oliver’s body, with the dead wolf piled on top, but the image that they had seared in their memory, was not the sight they had seen now. It was something both disturbing and mysterious, how not much of his body remained. His limbs torn off, and his bones, scattered abroad the place. Thomas vomited; Samantha covered her mouth, looking away in disgust. While the atmosphere filled with despair and wailing of how lost they were, Adrian had strained to understand what had happened here, and observed, and found, that not just Oliver’s remains were eaten; all the wolves’ bodies had been mostly ripped open, and eaten as well. All-and-sundry stopped arguing, when he shrieked. “It’s not just Oliver! Something has devoured all the wolves. Look…” Jack, Eric and Samantha, were the first to look into this, and then, everyone grew curiously examinant. “This could not be the teeth marks of another wolf, but from something else.” Emily hastily tread passed them, going on to investigate the teeth marks in a nearby wolf. “By the looks of it… something big and very hungry...”
She glared down at the wolf’s carcass before her, largely and savagely, eaten in the middle. The intestines were gone, just a very empty cavity, dangling with stringy tissue. Sure enough, Adrian was right; the teeth marks were not of another wolf; some much larger, and more vicious creature, had done this! Her eyes actively shot the ground around her, revealing all the other wolves, having the same sizable bite marks. “What kind of animal could do something like this?” she stood there for a moment or two; then, walked over to Angelus. “I think we should be worried, about more than just wolves, coming after us.”
	 “Why, what is it?”  
	She responded with overwhelming fear, which Angelus did not know to be in her nature to do. “I don’t know!” 
Angelus went over to view the wolf Emily had been inspecting. What a violent sight. He turned, gaping at all of them. “Let’s get out of here, as quick as we can!” The group hesitated for a moment, and then, followed Angelus; after he commanded, while treading off. “Come on! This way!” Angelus had his rifle ready to shoot, as he led the group into the significantly darker, colder, death-written woods, where the wolves had come from formerly; betting that that, would be a wise decision; it was the choice between more wolves, or something they might not be so lucky to escape from.
	Samantha and Eric held onto each other even tighter than before, to keep safe and keep warm; it was cold, but then it always seemed to be that way in this place. As the group moved further into wolf territory, Helen ran to catch up to Angelus. She grabbed him, and held tight to him, and kissed him. “Promise me we’ll get out of here alive.” Angelus let his gun hang by the strap, and then, gently held her face in both hands. “I promise you Helen…we’ll get out of here.” Angelus drew Helen close to him, and gave her a reassuring embrace, of his own. Romance in the midst of this peril and hopelessness; Adrian was touched in a kind of way. In the moment, of their caressing, he said, as if baffled by something he was trying to take on an influence from…but could not quite grasp the concept at work. “Why doesn’t that ever happen to me?” 
	Jack answered. “Maybe you just don’t understand women. Lesson one: they want a man!” 
	Adrian snapped back. “That explains why you’re single.” 
	 “Okay… alright… now be quiet, they could hear us.” Jack and Adrian began to pass on by Helen and Angelus, who were walking together now; then shortly after everyone else caught up to them, as well, though it was kind of awkward, Angelus said dominantly, yet playfully to Helen; in wishes of giving her faith, even where all hope was nonexistent. “How about a date after we get out of this place?” Helen replied with a smirk on her face. “I’m looking forward to it!” He scurried up in front of the group, as they had passed, and Helen joined Samantha and Eric, in the rest of the bunch, just behind Jack and Adrian.
	Mark declared anxiously to Angelus, as he approached his side. “Sir, there is something out there!” Angelus silently stepped, cautiously gripping his rifle. Looking around, he noticed this part of the woods, was different from what he had seen up till now; it was more matured, more savage. Loads of moss hung from the trees, and the branches were weighed down, by nature’s curtains. They appeared as though they were weeping. Jack and Adrian, stared up into the eerie, sorrowful trees. 
	Then something all too unnerving came into play, viciously dominating all nature around, manipulating the leaves to shudder and shake; horrifically, a shocking roar of a great carnivore reverberated from above them! A huge wolf like beast, jumped down from the trees, crushing Ron underneath him. The group of humans dispersed, from being anywhere near to the beast. If not every bone in his body was broken, they wouldn’t wait around to find out. Emily and Coral, fired at the creature, as it tore off Ron’s head, and jumped up, back into the trees; it had completely disappeared into the dark abyss. Angelus and Mark, breathing uneasy, pointed their rifles up and around, desperately searching for it. Emily and Coral, reloaded theirs and joined them.
	There was a profound silence; all that was heard, was their heavy breathing, and the faint sound of frail hearts pounding within mortal ribs. Then, wretched and terrifying growling echoed through the trees, leaving them all in a panic. Emily, Coral, Angelus and Mark, had hysterically shifted their guns, to the sounds upon the ground, bouncing off from one tree to the next.
	Angelus ran over to Helen, who glared at the head that had been brutally separated from Ron’s body. He stood beside her while still aiming his rifle, and looked to the trees. Helen spoke soft words, losing all faith, and passionately giving up. “We’re going to die.... we’re going to die here.” Angelus corrected, in a harsh whisper. “We are not going to die!” Helen’s eyes began to flood with grief. She blinked, and tears rolled down her face. Slowly, she turned her head towards Angelus, and then turned it away; consumed in silence, and nothingness. The sounds of the beast’s roar, came howling through the trees again. Helen dropped down on her knees, and wiped her tears back into her hair. Angelus turned to face her, and behold her, oh so pitiful sight. “Helen, look at me… we’re going to make it out of here.” She looked up into his scrutiny as though she saw; regardless his words, he believed them to be doomed as well. 
	Emily, Coral and Mark, were still on the lookout for the beast, and then came a snarling growl, much more unnerving than anything they had heard thus far. Angelus pointed his rifle into the branches above, and then, another fierce, and unsettling roar, came. The great animal, crashed down on all fours, dead on in front of Emily and Coral; then stood up and whacked their guns out of their hands; before any of them could shoot! The beast spoke in a deep monstrous voice. “You will die foolish mortals.” He swiped his claws across Emily’s face, and broke her neck. Mark and Angelus, blasted at the great wolf creature; and while Mark kept firing, Angelus took two seconds to line up a fatal blow, and shot the beast in the head, twice between the eyes. The beast wobbled and moaned, before he finally plummeted to the earth; Eric, Samantha, Ron, Angelus and Helen, rushed out of the way, as the hulk came down, lying flat on the ground; exploding mud and moss everywhere.
	Adrian wiped the muck from his eyes; his face completely covered. Angelus took Emily’s wrist, and felt for a pulse. “She’s gone... is anyone injured, is everyone okay?” Eric, Samantha, Thomas and Jack, gestured a yes, and then, Angelus went over to Helen, who had been sedentary, there on the ground a few feet away. He knelt down beside her, and she took hold of him immediately, clinging to him tightly; as if he was her very Savior and Lord.
	Jack cleaned mud off Adrian’s face, with a handkerchief; and then, with irritation and impatience, his little brother, seized the handkerchief. “Ah, just give that to me!” Adrian robustly wiped off his face, and impatiently, tossed the dirty cloth back to Jack. 
Coral brought something very important to all of their attention. “Upon my word… Did that thing speak?” Mark agreed. “Yes Coral, it spoke...” Adrian, annoyed, added. “Yeah! It said something like. ‘You’ll die mortals’!” Angelus declared. “How could it be? It’s impossible!” Jack, looking off into the woods ahead of them, concluded. “Unless… the legends are true, and there really is a Lost Forest!” What a revelation. Ross, lying in the mud, interrupted. “I could use some help getting up!” Seeing him there, all doused in filth, Coral had gone over to assist him promptly. “Poor Ross!”
	 “Thank you Coral.”
If anything needed to be said, it had to be said right now. Anything could go wrong, in the unpredictability of their dilemma now. Samantha whispered in Eric’s ear. “I love you Eric; I want you to know that.” Eric held her close. “I love you too my dearest... and sweetest Samantha.” Samantha wept a little, wiped her eyes, and rested her head on his shoulder. 
Angelus glanced at Helen, then, stared off into the same distant direction as Jack; he spoke. “Should we move on Jack…or should we try to get out of here!” Jack replied. “Angelus… this is going to be the most important discovery of all time; and it is right in front of us! We should continue it regardless. It doesn’t look like we have a chance of getting out of here alive otherwise!” Thomas argued. “We should turn back, that’s the sensible thing to do.” Angelus retorted. “Turn back to what!” He was right. Turn back to what. Only hopes and dreams of salvation, but a reality of chaos. Jack; resolved; frustrated. “Moving onward is our only hope!” Coral reminded them, pointing out. “Sir, what about that beast… it killed Emily you know; and didn’t you hear what it said! It said…we would all die hh”—Angelus cut her off, and ended the conversation. “It is dead isn’t it.” Coral looked at the carcass, then was silent; he was right, it was. Adrian turned, and declared. “I’m with Jack and Angelus!” 
They all became quiet, with wondering eyes; looking… waiting for one more of them to speak up or disagree. Finally, Eric broke the silence. “If Jack and Adrian want to keep moving on ahead, then, of course I’m with them, beast or no beast! It’s better to stick together, than split up. Haven’t you seen what happens in the movies when groups split up?” Helen watched Eric for an indefinite period, and said, in all seriousness; when he finished. “This is no movie, Eric; this is real life; and we will slowly be picked off, one by one… we don’t have a chance, if we choose to turn back, or move on… we are going to die nonetheless. This is it. This is all of it.” She turned to look at Angelus, and right away, found his eyes staring back into hers. “Angelus, I’m sorry, but now I know for certain we are never getting out of here; so why try… let us keep moving ahead.” Helen took off her boot, rolled up the leg of her cargo pants, and revealed a handgun, strapped to her calve. She unstrapped the gun, rustling her pant-leg back down. She put on her boot, and held the gun firmly in hand, while looking at Angelus, powerfully and beautiful. “Let’s move!” Angelus scampered up beside her, and questioned, while everyone else followed on after them. “Did you have that piece on you this whole time?” She laughed a little, and said. “Yes; and why are you looking at me like that?” 
	“Because I didn’t expect such things from you... you were a fragile, falling apart mess, and now you’re this tough, I don’t care, diehard chick! I have to say it suits you.” 
	 “I’ve accepted my fate, but I’m not going out without a fight, I’m sorry if I didn’t help out, earlier with the wolf attack, but I didn’t think I needed to; you all seemed to have everything under control, but mostly; it’s that I only have so many rounds, you see. Call me selfish, but I’ll only use this gun to protect “Myself”!” 
	“Helen… something tells me that you’re full of surprises.” 
	Angelus ran ahead, and signaled Mark to join him. They walked with caution, maintaining a steady pace. Helen peered into the branches, holding her gun pointed up; with both hands clasping it firmly, above her right shoulder. Angelus viewed back at Helen. “Now that’s the kind of woman I want to end up with.” Mark responded, positively. “I have a wife like that at home, she’s really something.” As they moved on, the trees, had drifted further apart. The woods weren’t as crowded as before… was it because Ron was gone, leaving this suggestion of something being lost. Afternoon sunrays shone down from above the trees, exposing large and small patches of unoccupied dirt here and there.
 	A noise came from beyond. It was a loud screeching! While shuddering, Helen pointed her gun forward, above Angelus and Mark, who pointed their rifles upward as well. The sound of something falling, striking the branches, and screeching in pain, was slowly growing louder and louder. Then the screeching was no more, but the resonance of falling and cracking, continued. 
	A huge bird of some kind dropped to the ground, on out in the open, just ahead. Angelus crept towards this colorful creature; he aimed his rifle at it, and Mark followed him, and did the same. 
	The thing was a huge, ten feet in length, falcon looking fowl. Its wings, had one horizontal purple and yellow lightning-pattern, lined across the tops, with two bunches of red, beard like feathers, on both sides of its cheeks. Angelus poked the gigantic bird with his rifle a couple of times; he turned to announce to the cluster behind him. “It’s okay, its dead.”
	Helen, in relief, pulled her gun back, and started towards them. Jack and Adrian, Eric and Samantha, Ross, Coral and Thomas, took that as a sign that they should follow. Samantha caught up to Helen. “Don’t get trigger happy now!” Helen replied. “Don’t worry; I’ve got it under control.” Eric caught up to Samantha as Helen spoke; and said, while gawking at the gun in her hands. “You look like you do!” Angelus made ever-lovestruck eyes at Helen, as she came up to join him and Mark. She looked down at the wing of the bird, and then, moved her observation over the rest of the lifeless creature. Eric and Samantha looked at the strange bird, as if it were more than just a fallen creature of an unknown kind, but a celestial creature; a fallen angel. Jack and Adrian glared in awe of the vibrant beauty; but Jack, significantly, did so more intently. Its remarkably colorful wings, scarlet beard, great size, and even its white and black tail feathers, astounded them all. What an enchanting specimen. Thomas spoke, as if mesmerized in fear and delusion. “There could be more of them coming!” Angelus, Jack and Adrian, and Mark, turned their heads, with the perfect pronouncement of confusion upon their faces. There was a moment of silence; then Thomas continued, in the same hysterical manner. “We don’t know what’s in these woods… there could be more of them out there!” 
	A loud piercing screech came from above, and Thomas snapped, and turned, in the opposing direction, in hopes to go back from where they had come. Why did he do this; he was a crazed madman! Angelus ordered Mark, while cocking his rifle. “Get him back here!” 
	Running as fast as his legs would carry him, Thomas sped off; but Mark, caught up and knocked him down into the dirt. Thomas squirmed to get away, pleading with Mark. “Please, please, just let me go!” Seizing an inescapable grip on Thomas’s feet, Mark retorted. “You’re not going anywhere, you are sticking with us you idiot! Are you trying to get yourself killed?” Dread arrowed through their bowels, when a loud screech came from above. The screech sounded close; very close; and then, an undeniable closeness of this lurid shriek, bent them all to their knees. It was loud. It was sonic horror, burning in their ears. Then, all of the sudden, it was quiet. Hiding itself. It was motionless. It was dramatic! It was there before them, turning its head from side to side, curiously and dotingly at them; its victims. Mark and Thomas, rose up their gaze slowly. 
	The bird was huge, standing ten feet tall, right over them, and looking down. Oh what horror was this now. Without warning; the falcon grabbed Thomas in its powerful beak, and snapped him in two! While the bird was momentarily occupied, Mark hurried away, hiding behind the closest and largest object near, where he could find safety; a tree. The bird cocked its head forward, and then, back, to help the first half of Thomas, to slide down its throat. Angelus and Coral, started bombardment of gunfire from across the distance; the bird was ruthless, and enticed to pursue its attackers; it flew straight for them! It soared over, stretching out two black clawed feet, eager to grab hold, of one of those juicy morsels below. They quickly dispersed, in separate directions, confusing, and causing the fowl, instead, to merely snatch up the earth and dust; yet it wouldn’t be long before the bird turned, to come back around, for another try. Angelus shouted for everyone to lie on the ground, and keep their heads low!
	Ross saw his rifle there, which Coral had leaned upon a rock. He rolled over to the gun, and grabbed, and cocked it back. A gurgled screech caused him to regret this, and he looked up. “Oh fuck!” Ross had drawn attention to himself, when he moved! Now it was coming straight for him!
	He aimed his rifle, at the falcon’s head, when it decided to descend upon him! He waited for the right moment, lining up his gun, and pulled the trigger. The bullet successfully penetrated the head, but the bird, was still coming at him. Ross tried, with strenuous exertion, to get out of the way. Angelus and Coral, within the radius of his location, ran towards their fellow team member, shooting at the bird. But the giant bird plucked up Ross, as easily as a flimsy flower is plucked up from the ground, and flew away. That was it. Ross was gone. The bird became smaller and smaller, as it carried him off; and then, was no more heard, or seen from again. Angelus kicked at a fallen branch, snapping it, cursing into the sky, where the bird had vanished. They lost yet another, from their group, feeding the ever-hungry hopelessness within them. They all soon would die; would see an end, unknown; not now, but it was coming for them, nonetheless; they could not escape it! One way or another, it would come. Death would come for them. Why move on, why not just give up right now. Angelus looked at Coral, and then, at the rest of his remaining team. This would not be how it ends. They would not die here! He would not allow this place to consume them; he would not allow this place to have its way with them. 
	Arising from the ground, Jack opened a mouth, of an inflection of sorrow. “We should keep moving, more could be coming...” Angelus cocked his gun, and led the way, once again, in succession. He seemed to be the only one calm and gathered; taking, the now, faded hope, like a torch, and holding it high up, showing the rest of them, the way... as if he knew where to go from here. Coral pulled out a cross necklace hidden under her shirt, and looked off in the distance, of where the bird had taken Ross. She kissed the cross, while a single tear, rolled down her cheek. “Rest in peace, Ross... my dear friend.” Coral turned, and sprint, to hurry up to the side of her leader; rifle ready.
	There was a wood-rot smell in the air. Night would fall in next to nothing; and regardless, the time of day, being the reason; it darkened more and more, with each and every one, of their significant steps. This was something illogical; it became too dark too fast. What was the reason. Either the forest grew thicker, trees closing in; or it was indefinitely, an occurrence that could only be explained or accepted, if by, from some unnatural source; works of witchcraft. With the peculiarity of this place, the strangeness of its beasts... that would not surprise any of them. And at this point, they were prepared to accept anything, as an explanation. Least likely, the reason hadn’t anything to do, with the sun going down; regardless, they would have to set up camp soon. This oddity; it wasn’t something to dwell on, or investigate; but to just acknowledge as strange, and move on. Angelus and Mark, were in the lead as before, and Helen, now, had her gun in her belt. Eric and Samantha, held each other, as if woven together, like they were made of the same fabric, as if… if they would die… they would die inseparable. It was eerie. There was something even stranger, that had occurred now, in the dark around them. Every now and then, a gust of wind, passed by them, whistling through the trees. Then something preternatural came into play; every creature in the woods, that would roam and scavenge, during the early morning, were doing so now, in the middle of the night. Were they confused? Were they possessed? Squirrels jumped from tree to tree, and small birds swooped around, singing; and cleaned themselves in collected puddles of water. Coral, observed this with Angelus. “Sir, don’t you think the animals’ behavior… peculiar?” He responded, in a hushed and uneasy tone. “Everything in this place is peculiar.” Just after he spoke, a squirrel, sitting on a near branch, munching on a nut, of some sort, froze; its black eyes, staring at him, like a devil, sizing up his soul. The attentiveness of the squirrel, made Angelus return focus upon it, just as intently. He slowed his pace, redefining his step. The crazed stare of this little jokester, shined, like two big glossy ebony marbles. The thing, had a look, disturbing and wicked, as it peered at him; with a mad expression, intending evil bidding. Angelus said to whoever would hear. “Be cautious… there’s something not right with these critters.”  
	From behind them, the squirrel, staring at Angelus, darted off, faster than what would be natural. The leaves, and other debris, pulled away behind it. The sound of several squirrels’ squeals, looped through the trees, around and around, causing more, and more, to join. Angelus glanced up, and saw hundreds of squirrels, on each and every visible branch above them. The sound loudened, and grew horribly unbearable. They covered their ears, but it rang in their heads; like the persistent dong of a bell never ceasing volume. Their only thought, was, ‘when will this excruciating torment be over.’ The earsplitting pain worsened, until they could take no more; and then, they all overlapping, fell down unconscious. 

Chapter 5

Separated


	Jack, halfway opened his eyes, blinked, and then opened them up, the rest of the way. He found himself lying in the composting earth, where they all fell unconscious, from what it would appear, to have been, hours ago. Scrambling to his feet, he glanced around in a panic. He was all alone.
	Breathing heavily, he called out for each of them by name. There was no answer. He tried again, but still there was no answer, not a sound; and the forest, divulged nothing, of any living thing. Jack took observation, to his surroundings, a little more closely; on the ground, in front of him, was a large trail of rodent tracks, and deep, embedded grooves, from the more than likely, dragging away of bodies. He followed them, until the tracks split up into seven smaller trails, all bizarrely to his left. What had become of them... were they all dragged off, and left somewhere alone.  Alone like him… unharmed like him… he could only hope. Coming to a skeptical decision, to follow the trail furthest out, he tread down the path, for a meandering long time; the tracks seemed never ending. Had it all come to this devastated dread most feared? Had the worst of their horrors, come to be? Where have these possessed creatures, dragged them off to?

	Somewhere, very far off in that direction, Jack had chosen; Adrian, wandered aimlessly, in search for his lost companions... or someone… or anyone. Crunching moss and leaf-covered ground underneath his step, he called out for them, one after another, by name; and repeated doing so, over and over. This was getting him nowhere. He should give up now. It was certain, that there was no promise of survival. Not at all. Not unless if by some kind of miracle. 
Suddenly he stopped. His ear, caught by an unexpected and delightful sound. It was singing. A beautiful song, sung by a beautifully and elegant, feminine voice. He moved towards the sound, blissful, in serenity and peace, for the sweet singing, stirred his soul, and had melted all his worries and fears away. He came out of the darkness, that consumed the woods; and wandered into a forest of bright, warm, beaming, heavenly illumination. He squinted to its intensity, till his aching eyes, adjusted to the light. 
	The blinding light, ceased, and he beheld a small sparkling pond, with a glowing and dazzling, brilliantly shining, clear crystal beneath. A tiny person, having wings, jointed to her shoulder blades, with four very vibrant green dots on both, was dressed in leaves; dancing and singing, upon the flawless diamond glint.
	He could not fathom what he saw when he saw it. Adrian watched her in disbelief. He opened his mouth, and said, very delicately, to not startle the little creature; and have her fly away. He bent down to a less threatening height. “Fairy, is this the Lost Forest?” The fairy stopped in a pose, and turned her head to see behind her. She was flushed with fright, when she had seen him, and quickly zipped away, to hide among the trees. Adrian stood up and walked over to the glittery pond. He looked at it for a while, and then, carefully reached his hand out, to touch it. A mimicked curiosity of the witch, this human had. The fairy came zooming through the air, towards him with a stick; both of her hands, tightly gripping to it. Adrian, had been moreover oblivious to the fairy; he still reached out his hand, to this thing of glitter and sparkle, that so enchanted and amazed him. The fairy gouged the stick into his face, then, flew fast, getting clear out of the way, of him being, within any reach of her. He rose up, and caressed the stinging of his punctured cheek. The fairy spoke, with a heated shout. “Don’t touch, you stupid giant!” She hovered in front of the small pond, in a defensive manner; with the stick, remaining in her grip. “Stay away!” Adrian rubbed his face, smearing the wetness of blood into his hand. He took a quick glance, then returned his hand to his face, and replied, as he took a step back. “Ouch, why did you do that? I meant no harm.” 
	“This is my Life Stone, you pollute it and I die!” He looked down at her. “I couldn’t imagine something so awful to impart upon you; I was just curious.” The fairy flew up to his face, and he covered it shrieking. “Why have you come here?” Adrian drew his hand down. “I was lost, there were others I was with, but I’ve been separated from them. I woke up… and found myself alone. I began searching for them, when I realized, all of them were gone; and just as I was doing so, I heard your singing.”
	 “So, there are more of you?” 
	 “Yes...” 
	The fairy tossed the stick aside. “You shouldn’t be here! You’re going to cause a lot of trouble by being here!” 
 	“What do you mean? Why shouldn’t I be here… what is going on? How am I to cause trouble?” 
	The fairy looked at the ground, tilting her head to one side. “You didn’t do anything; it’s what had happened long ago, before you.” 
	 “What? What happened long ago, fairy?” 
	“Alright, I will tell you, but first, I’m called Elvia… not fairy.”
	 “I wouldn’t have guessed fairies have names…” 
	Elvia pardoned consciousness, and thought back to Astrid, for a moment. “Do you have a name?” 
	“Yes… Adrian. Now as you were saying… you were going to tell me something… what was it?”
	“There was a witch, who came through the same trees you came through, a long time ago; and I sang and danced on my Life Stone also this long time ago. She had startled me and I flew behind a tree to hide. I watched her for a while, and instantly, charged, when I saw her moving too close to my Life Stone; fearing of curiosity bringing her to touch it. She trapped me in a magic cage, and I pleaded to her to be freed. We ended up exchanging words, and she told me her name, as I did mine… and when she released me, I then knew, she did not intend to kill me, as I was made to believe. I asked her if she would like to go meet the Elder Forest Fairies, but she did not heed my question; she just stared off into the distance. I thought she ignored me, but that wasn’t it! She was under a deep trance, lost inside herself, somewhere… far away, from reliable cognizance. She roamed out into a depth of the forest, I’ve never gone before. I followed her, and to a place I would never expect; to the Tree of Beginning. My mind defeated; I was filled with all kinds of discomfort, and questions enough; and it was then, when I learned, she had transformed into a monster! Her eyes were black, her skin were scales…her hair turned a ghost white. I had no idea what was to happen next.
	There are two ancient trees on opposite sides of the forest, the Tree of Beginning, Life and Light, and the Tree of Ending, Death and Dark. The two trees, keep good and evil, existing in harmony. But ever since Astrid destroyed the Tree of Beginning, the balance of the dark, and the light, had been destroyed. It seems the more we struggle to fight against it, the worse it becomes. The dark side is taking over the forest. The creatures, who were once my friends, are now my enemies; and the forest I once explored freely, has been taken over by the pollution, of darkness. Our kind, is now, being infected by the Dark Creatures. The reason, your being here, will cause trouble, is not hard to figure out; an outsider destroyed the Tree of Beginning, therefore, the Dark Creatures, will see it as that you’ve come here, to destroy the Tree of Ending. They will come after you… if they know you’re here. But, destroying the Tree of Ending, is only one way to defeat and triumph over the dark; the other… is by spilling the blood of the one who destroyed the Tree of Beginning; which would bring the Tree back to life, and restore the balance of darkness and light...”
	Adrian asked her in great disturbance of his comprehension. “What happened to Astrid?” 
	Elvia replied. “A beast went after Astrid…and that’s the last I saw of her. And I’m stricken by grief to know, it’s my fault the beast went after her.
	“Why is it your fault?” Elvia spoke in a way as if she were telling a story that irked something dreaded and dear; yet in the mysterious distances of reconciliation. “After Astrid destroyed the Tree of Beginning, I followed her to an ancient temple. A rock resting in the outer area of the temple entrance, glowed red, in writings I could not understand. I followed her into the temple, and she pulled out a crimson colored stone, there; socketed in the center of the wall. I had learned to trust, that she would destroy it, as she did with the Tree; so I knocked it out of her hand, picked it up, and flew out of there as fast as I could. She came after me, enraged, and my heart full of terror… and pounding. She was not the Astrid I recognized, she was a monster! I discovered there to be a red glowing figure in front of me… but took no severe thought; for looking back, there was Astrid, moving awfully fast; her image, blurred, coming up behind me, and I was distracted, and flew into the glowing figure. I felt the stone slip from my grasp, as I fell to the ground unconscious. I woke, finding myself in Astrid’s hand, and quickly dashed away; I didn’t know what to expect from her…but then, she explained herself, saying she was a Trance Witch; the most powerful, influential breed of the witch; but incredibly dangerous, because of the spontaneous trance. While they are in a trance, they can carry out the will of another. She apologized for almost killing me… then, I noticed the glowing figure! It stood right next to me, for no longer than a second, and then disappeared. After I saw Astrid, reaching out to pick up the stone! I hurried to grab it away, and succeeded before her. I told Astrid to stay where she was, and flew off, to return the stone to the temple. When I got there, I found a beast to be blocking the entrance. I hid behind a boulder for a moment, and then; in a panic; I darted into the temple, and placed the missing piece, in the wall. I found the beast was right behind me, no doubt. I felt its breath, and faced it, intimidated. The beastly creature, asked why I removed the stone; I retorted that I didn’t, but that Astrid did. He asked me, who Astrid was, and when I told him she was a witch, he became infuriated; he continued, with the pressing question, of where to find her. That gave me no choice, but to give away her position. I told him, and then he went after her. You see? I haven’t told anyone before, what I’ve told you. There is something that makes me feel, I can trust you.”
Adrian declared. “Okay, I understand. I don’t know this for a fact, but you sure can tell stories… quite detailed ones… for a fairy!” 
	Elvia began telling him about the Elder Forest Fairies, and of the Fairy Villages, within the trees. She went on and on, from one thing to the next, in her garrulous nature, of what she was known for.

	Meanwhile, far away from the roaming of Elvia and Adrian, Helen, wandered in the dark, alone and stumbling. She held her gun, with both hands stiffly, and pointed it to any noises around; her finger ready to pull the trigger! A twig broke, in the concealing shadows, in front of her, and she aimed her gun straightforward; slowly, something, started to move towards her, and steady footsteps, snapped twigs, as it neared; then, out of the gloom and hopelessness therein, appeared Angelus, with his rifle! She hurried to him, and embraced him, in relief, but, there was something wrong. Angelus didn’t respond to her, nor to her affections; he just stood there, eyes fixed, with a blank expression upon his face. Helen spoke dejectedly. “Angelus? What’s wrong?” Still, he gave her no response. Helen then demanded. “Angelus! What’s happened to you?” But still he did not answer.
	She pushed him away, and bizarrely, he fell down. She observed this strangeness, and found Angelus had shrunk, and turned into a fuzzy gray little ball of fur, with two big innocent blinking eyes. It stood upon two small little rabbit like feet, and if this creature had a nose or a mouth, they were hidden under floppy and shaggy hair. The fuzzy little ball, shook itself off, and the big eyes, had directed at Helen for a short moment; before it hopped away into the darkness; how cute, though it was, making little squeaking noises. Helen watched the odd little animal, with a freaked out, and confused face, until it disappeared. This brought new light to the situation; maybe this place wasn’t as bad as it seemed. She continued onward cautiously nonetheless.
	In the next few steps she took, came a small voice of distress. “Help!” Helen stopped and shrieked. “Who’s there?” The voice replied. “I’m stuck! Please get me loose!” She moved closer to the voice. “Where are you?” The voice responded. “I’m over here! I’ll talk until you find me.” Helen followed the voice, which continued to speak. “Hello I’m over here, hello hello hello! I am still stuck in this web—” Helen froze, cutting off the voice, and had questioned anticipatively. “Why would you be stuck in a web?” The voice replied. “Because, a giant spider decided to put it here.” Helen hesitated, and then, persisted to walk, but did so slowly. “Can you see me? Am I getting close?” The voice answered. “Keep coming… keep coming… stop! You passed me! Turn around, and take two steps forward. That’s good… now, can you see me?” 
	 “No! Where are you?” 
	“The tree next to you, look down at the bottom…do you see me? I’m in the web, attached to the plant. Oh no! The spider’s coming; hurry!”
Helen looked at the plant, and saw the web, containing a little green dragon. 
	The little thumb sized dragon, had his leg caught in the web, and there were signs of squirming from him, that did no good in breaking himself free. He still remained, trapped in the web, by his tiny legs; and the rest of his body, just dangled underneath helplessly. She quickly, pulled him out, and rescued the mini-dragon, barely before the gray and yellow, golfball-sized spider, had gotten to him and wrapped him up. 
	Helen opened her hand, encompassing the little dragon, along with some of the sticky remnants of web. She stared at the lizard in amazement. “Where did you come from? Are there more like you? What are you called?” While sitting in the center of her palm, rubbing his leg, the little dragon replied. “Where did I come from! Where did you come from, and what are you?” 
	 “I’m a human, and; as crazy as this sounds, a bunch of squirrels carried me off, away from my group. We all were lost in the woods, and now, I’ve been separated from them…the other humans. Have you seen others like me?” The dragon answered. “No, I haven’t... do you know where you are? You’re on the dark side of the forest! You shouldn’t be here; you could be killed by one of the Dark Creatures, but that would be lucky to run into just one; there could be more than one together!” Helen questioned, worriedly. “Dark Creature? What is a Dark Creature? Is there a way out of this forest? Wait...what are you doing here then?” The little dragon stood up, in the center of her palm. “Dark Creatures, use to be happy creatures of the Forest; but they have been overtaken, polluted, possessed by the dark. This forest wasn’t polluted either, until a short time ago; my home was here, but it has now been polluted by the darkness also. 
My name is Nox; I’m a Tree Dragon. A Dark Creature attacked, and I was trying to escape, along with the rest of the Tree Dragons. I climbed down the trees, and made a run for it, but I didn’t make it to the ground… a broken branch flew towards me… striking me! I was disorientated. My leg, had caught in the web, as I fell, and I tried desperately to break free, but couldn’t. When I was sure all the Tree Dragons had fled and I was left behind; I heard something coming, and shouted for help! I figured I had nothing to lose, if it had been a Dark Creature…the spider would have eaten me all the same!” 
Nox folded his little claws together and continued to speak. “I thank you for saving my life! Do humans have names?” Helen replied. “Yes, my name is Helen.” Nox said, with gratefulness and delight. “Is there anything I can do to repay you?” Helen answered, in a positive tone. “Well, since you know this forest; I could use your help to find my friends...the other humans like me.”  The little Tree Dragon widened his eyes. “Alright!” Helen placed Nox on her shoulder, and held her gun in both hands; and as she stepped forward, Nox warned. “Be careful, and don’t trip on that tree root!” Helen lifted her foot high over the protruding root, and then Nox spoke again; but this time, of something more an oddity than all, of what he had said, so far. “Okay I’ll send out some Seekers.” Helen was baffled and curious of this. 
	“What? What do you mean, send out some seekers?” 
	Nox replied. “How can I put it… a Seeker is a ball that glows yellow and floats; every Tree Dragon has at least twelve of them, and well… if they come across anything, whether creature or human, I’ll be able to see it in my mind.” As Nox took them out of a pouch, in front of his body, kind of like a marsupial, Helen questioned. “Are these Seekers alive?” Nox answered. “Yes and no... They don’t have a heartbeat if that’s your definition of alive! So you know… we can only use these once.” Nox released them into the air, and they started floating away, into different directions. Helen watched and asked. “Why?”
	“Seekers can only be used every two seasons; it’s fine; I want to help.” Helen nodded, and now knew how grateful he truly was to his rescuer. “Nox, maybe we should wait here, and see what the Seekers find. Helen sat down on a huge branch, and pulled an energy bar out of her backpack; she then broke a piece off, sharing it with her new little friend. Nox examined the morsel, and stated a question. “What is this?” Helen replied, with her mouth partially full. “It’s an energy bar, try it!” Nox held the piece up to his face, and took a small nibble, then, a good sized bite. 

	The forest was composed, with a wretched dark isolation, coming together above, though it had been midday; pitch-black as night, the day had become in fact, as the giant trees shut closed overhead. Everything blackened. This was a known thing to occur in this strange forest, but this time it brought with it, unpleasant alarm; alarm, revolting and tearing bravery to shreds. 
Extreme uneasiness boiled terror in Coral’s blood. There was no escape; she couldn’t get away. A supernatural creature, or demon relentlessly stalked her, like weak, frail, defenseless prey. The shrieking noise, of the blaring wind, whistled, and then, faded volume, as the manifestation moved and stopped. Then it came and circled on around her, in distorting trailing shadows. The wind stopped, and the ghostly sounds, had gone along with it; there was a dead silence and stillness thereof. A dark male figure, appeared from out of the gloom, and the figure floated towards her, with his head bowed. Remarkably black hair, a little too perfect to be human, draped down, hiding his face. Coral backed on her heel, as he advanced. The preternaturally ghostly human, stopped three feet in front of her, and then lifted his head. His skin, was like paper, and his iridescent red eyes, brought to him a devilish appearance. His gaze made Coral feel, he was sizing up her soul… and doing so, lustfully; after a short moment, of this, he spoke. “Don’t be afraid…I’m going to give you the gift of eternal life...” She pulled the trigger, sending a bullet to the devil’s head. But before she could blink, she felt the sharpness of his fangs, sink into her neck. She strained to be free of him, and desperately struggled to push this monster off of her; but her efforts were useless. 
	Coral became weak and collapsed. The monster knelt to the ground, cradling her. He released his bite, from her neck, punctured his lower lip, and kissed her, making the blood run from his mouth, and into hers. He stopped, as she bent up, quite abrupt and feline like. But she was not Coral anymore. The iris of her eyes, flooded with bright glowing red, as if filled by the blood she had drank. The chill of death, forced pale to her skin. She was a monster... a dark creature... a vampire.
 
	Mark ran, as if he was running for his very life! The forest was dark, and he barely saw the next step in front of him. He tripped over an uplifted tree root, quickly scrambled to his feet, and continued to run.
	Thunderous sound, pursued him; giant paws pounded not far behind. An exploding, outrageous cat growl, quivered the terrain; causing leaves, and other debris, to descend upon the sprinting human below. Ahead, Mark spotted a small hole beneath a monstrous tree; it was just big enough for him to fit. He ran towards it and dove in, shifting his body back and forth, squirming to crawl in, as quickly as he could. The hole led to a large opened-up, hollowed-out, space. It was an abandoned nest. The growls of the huge cat, bounced through the forest outside, and Mark, kept as quiet as possible, as he heard the creature near. Scratching for his scent, and smelling the air; the great cat, grumbled a hushed roll, in his throat; resembling that of a lion. Mark was scared stiff; he did not want to know how this would end. He remained as silent as possible, as the creature circled the tree, following its nose. It wasn’t long, till the cat creature found the small hole; and then, it clawed at the entrance ferociously! Mark stood up, and backed away hastily, as the creature thrust its paw in, feeling around inside for him. This cat, would stop it nothing, to have him in its clutches! Mark moved back even farther, as the huge cat, forced its reach deeper. The creature’s paw was six feet from Mark, and Mark couldn’t step back any further; he was at the nethermost wall of the nest. The cat pulled his claw out of the hole, and stood in silence for a moment. Mark hoped the creature had gone, yet he did not dare move; he stayed utterly and impeccably still. The back of this nest structure was his safe haven; his place of refuge. The cat creature, jolted his paw into the hole again, and scratched at the floor, with his six claws, pulling pieces of the nest out, tearing it up, and throwing it around, growling viciously. Mark knew the feline beast wouldn’t leave, until it had him. He crouched down to rest.

	Wandering through the forest, Eric came across a collapsed and stony dead horse. No. It hadn’t been a horse; it had been a mythological creature, a unicorn. The silver blood, running from its neck, was nowhere near coagulated. What could have done this? Eric thought, looking down at the cold, stiff creature. He tore his eyes from it, and walked away into the unknown distance. The forest appeared quieter, stiller… peaceful. And whether it made this place more peaceful, or more eerie, he did not know. There was something pale, lying on a fallen tree, at the forefront, now coming into view. The whip of fear, struck him across the face, when he came close enough to see that it was another of these unicorns, dead; by the hands of some mystery predator.
What is going on? He said in his mind. 
	Unexpectedly, and disturbingly, a voice of an old man, answered within his cranium. “I killed them!” Eric shook his head and thought, wow Eric! You’re losing it! You’re delirious! Then the voice came again. “No you’re not... Eric...” Eric, then, shouted in his thoughts, as he held his head, and ran further into the forest. “Get out of my head; you demon voice!” The voice didn’t reply, and Eric thought it had gone. But then, the voice came back. “I’m still here!” Eric ran a little ways, until he wasn’t able to go on anymore; the forest around him began spinning, whirling mysteriously. He wasn’t sure, whether he’d gone mad or not; it all seemed so real. The forest spun faster and faster, in anticipation of Eric, now becoming dizzy, and then, falling down.
	When he dropped to the ground, all of a sudden, his surroundings stood still. He held his head, inhaling deep breaths. He was lost… and found by this insanity. He felt feverish and astray, to all that he knew to be real. Eric took his hands off his skull, and stared up at the trees. I’ve gone mad! The elderly voice came forth to speak in a whisper. “You can run all you want, but you will not… escape from me!” A wicked laugh, disturbed, and enraged Eric. Out loud, for anything to hear; he spoke. “What do you want with me!” The voice’s reply, echoed around him. “I want your longevity… your vitality, I want to take your life!” He ran through the forest, his lack of balance, almost knocking him off his feet. He broke out in a cold sweat; he was terrified. Will I ever see Samantha again... The voice answered him. “No!” Eric shouted. “What are you?”  After a short laugh, the old voice replied. “I’m what you think I am, ‘A demon, a fiend’!” Eric strained to become calm; He fell down on his knees, and requested quietly, and humbling. “Who is reading my thoughts? Give me your name!” The voice answered. “I’m Heckyeth the Warlock! I’ve remained alive for an eternity, by taking what I want; life; feeding off the youth of mortals. I’ve been searching for the Lost Forest, for the last eight hundred years, and you just stumble upon it, in a matter of days. That’s something to laugh about… tickles my fancy. But nevermind that. Now I have lastly found it.” Eric stated, slowing, in wonderment. “The Lost Forest! This is the Lost Forest?” Heckyeth replied. “Yes, and darkness is taking over… oh how I’ve only dreamed that this would be possible, and it was; it was just as I planned!”
	“You planned?” 
	“Yes and alas… my plans are unfolding.”
	“How are your plans unfolding?” 
	“Well... I plan to kill you and I will. It will be… if I want it to be.”
 	“What are you talking about?”
	“Magic.”
	“And you can read my thoughts...”
 	“Yes.”
	Eric felt his throat tightening. It was sure hell, to know that he was helpless, and this fiend marveled greatly, in his torment. This was all a game, a fun sport to this demon; Heckyeth. Would it even matter if he learned his name? He had no one to make this known to. Nothing else would be absolute. Only death would be absolute. 
	“Before you kill me... can you use your magic to do something for me... can you make sure that Samantha will get out of this place safe?” Heckyeth laughed. “You think I’m going to feel guilty for killing you, and separating you from your woman; putting an end to your love. Ha! I don’t think so. No. I will not let this end well... and just for that; I’m forced now to cause as much suffering as possible, before I kill you. Your insolence disgusts me. Spoiled brat of the modern world.” If his plea had done anything, it had done him in for certain. 
	The Warlock appeared, along with a crate, containing Samantha. Heckyeth put his hand out, and caused Eric’s limbs to tear off, without even touching him! Eric wailed in excruciating pain, and shuddered in a series of seizures, from the shock of the severing of his limbs. Samantha screamed in utter horror and distress. “Eric! Eric!” She reached her arms out for him, through the confines of the crate, and cried; then said softly, hoping to somehow ease his suffering, and wished death to come quick for him. “Eric, I love you...” Eric looked up at her with despair and sensitivity, for she was all he cared about, and could understand; but he barely saw her in a blur, for his eyes, drowning in tears. Heckyeth forced Eric’s head to turn to look at him. The Warlock wanted Eric to behold the tall, skinny and dying, gray-bearded, old man, as he transformed into a youthful, blond haired, muscular, healthy youthful man. Samantha screamed, shaking the prison, as she watched Heckyeth take the youth, and life from Eric, making it his own. 
	“Hmm…what a lovely way for you to die…” Heckyeth closed, then opened his hand, revealing a small white speck of dust. He sent it drifting towards Samantha. The speck, flew into her eye, and the nearness of her fate was sealed. She began to cry and scream uncontrollably, blood pouring from her tear ducts. Eric fell down dead, as the last bit of youth was drained from him. The process was finished; Heckyeth now, a strong youthful toned man. His facial features, were very deep set and boyishly petite. Thick blond eyebrows, concealed his bright yellow eyes, magnificently matching his wavy blond locks. Samantha’s head leaned against the cage; arms hanging through the wooden poles, lifelessly. Heckyeth went over to the cage, in a bouncing stride; and while bending over to take a look at Samantha’s face, he said. “Well, you’ve cried yourself to death.” He laughed, all so utterly amused, by himself. The blood, running from her eyes, dried out on her fair skin. Samantha’s face was an awful, and painfully unimaginable, sight. Heckyeth was a Warlock, of undiluted, and dastard grotesque evil. 

	Walking through the silent woods, Angelus spotted something.  He aimed his rifle ahead, as a yellow glowing light, floated towards him. Hovering for a moment, at a reasonable, yet close distance from his face, the light turned back and floated away. Curious to know more, of this mysterious light, that had come so sudden, and left just as suddenly, Angelus followed.
	A vision, flashed in Nox’s mind of a human, and a face; and the little dragon bounced up and down, in excitement. “A human! Like you! I see a human!” Helen defined in enthusiasm. “What! Is it a man? What does this human look like?” Nox replied. “It has thick sandy locks, and honey colored eyes...” Helen frenzied and screamed, blooming from joyous emotion. “Yes! In which direction is he?” Nox pointed to the trees in front of them, and Helen, eagerly, took off running! Nox was unexpecting and unready; he clutched on, holding tightly to her shoulder, as he almost slipped off. “So hasty!”
	Angelus, still in downright bafflement, followed the floating luminance; until he came across a huge fallen tree. The light flew up and over it, but Angelus would have to go around. When he reached the other side, the light was gone, vanished... His eyes scanned up and all around; still it was nowhere to be seen! 
	The Seeker was coming to Helen and Nox. Nox, opened his pouch and grabbed the hovering light, putting it away in his pouch; and then, he announced. “We must be close!” Helen leapt for joy, as she continued to run. Nox didn’t say a thing, but he knew love, when he saw it; and this one, was all, just a little… too excited, for him, to be insignificant to her.

Angelus heard something in the forest ahead. Then, he heard his name being called. “Angelus!” What a familiar voice. It was Helen! He called back. “Helen?” Then Helen called back again to him, reassuring him. “Angelus! Angelus!” 
Angelus ran to her, as soon as he spotted her over yonder; snapping through the twigs, and running towards him! He dropped his rifle, and embraced her tightly. Helen spoke, gratefully, and derived with omen of good fortune. “Oh Angelus! I thought I would never see you again!” Angelus replied, as she held strongly to him. “Neither did I, Helen!” He slowly moved his face to hers, and brushed his nose, with her nose, affectionately, as they examined each other, with fluttering eyes. He kissed her lips, ever so gently. She grabbed his head, sliding her hands down to the nape of his neck, and kissed him back, oh so bothered and passionate; getting lost in the sensuality of the moment. In this instance of bliss, they had forgotten all about this dreadful place, of which they most definitely, would never find a way out of.
	Dangling from the backside of Helen’s shoulder, Nox interrupted. “Helen? I need a little help!” Helen released Angelus. “Oh I’m sorry Nox!” She reached her hand over her shoulder, and pulled him up. Seeing the little limey-green dragon, standing upon her shoulder, Angelus delved into this. “Where did this little fellow come from?” Angelus poked Nox, and Nox, whacked his curious fingers away. 
	 “He’s a Tree Dragon! I found him caught in a web and rescued him from being a spider’s lunch...and if it hadn’t been for him, I wouldn’t have found you.” 
	 “Well then, it’s sure considerably good-fortune you rescued him! How did you find me?” 
	Nox jumped into the conversation inquisitively, as if he was about to bestow upon them a great deal of wisdom. He closed his little reptilian hands together. “I used my Seekers.” Angelus, looked at the tiny dragon, with a confused expression, as Nox explained further; informingly. “A Seeker is a yellow light, that sends me images, of what it sees!” Angelus’s confused face, turned into a more in awe one, than an understanding one; he was starting to accept it to be so; that this forest had a magic about it, and its creatures; and some things had not a rational explanation. “Oh right! So that yellow light was a Seeker! I get it.” Helen nodded assuringly to Angelus, then something disrupted the moment, and broke the bliss of silence; tearing to pieces, the tranquil state of the atmosphere. 
	Afar, an awful roar, pronounced throughout the forest, coming from over the huge fallen tree. Angelus processed quietly. “We better get moving.” While picking up his rifle he grabbed Helen’s hand, and started in a swift stride, getting clear away from the unwelcoming direction, the roar had come. Then, another roar, hailed despondent upon them. Now, beginning to run; Nox held tightly to Helen’s shoulder. 

	Mark, hoped that the cat, would have given up by now; but this was no regular cat, of a world he knew; the feline, seemed to be crazed with demons, granted strength and endurance of the devil! The creature remained by the entrance, waiting for him to come out. He thought of how long he might have to stay in there, before the creature loses interest and leaves. It could be days! With his back against the wall, of strange organic materials, he persisted to piece together the facts, and compare what-ifs. What if another creature came along and attacked this one… or worse… what if others like it, joined in! This was a least likely thing to happen; cats are known to hunt independently, well… at least to the best of his knowledge; and to the best of his knowledge, was that he should stay put. Stay silent. Wait it out.
    
	Angelus, slowed to a halt, and dashed behind a nearby boulder, with Helen. “What is it?” she whispered in precaution. He replied, in a breathy whisper. “It’s some kind of giant cat... twenty six yards ahead. Keep down.” 
	Angelus, aimed his rifle, from over the top of the boulder, and fired. The bullet, wounded the neck, and the cat gave out a vicious roar! From inside the nest, Mark listened for more gun fire. A growl, rumbled in the cat creature’s closed mouth, as it peered murderously on in the direction Angelus and Helen had hidden… as quietly as possible. Mark heard the nasally, sniffing, of the beast. The creature spotted Angelus, just as he pulled the trigger again, sending a bullet straight for its brain. The cat’s head tilted back a little, from the force, when the bullet struck. Then, that was it. Its massive body dropped, shaking the ground.
	Angelus had watched the cat for a while, until the dust, clouding around the body, settled. Helen stood up, and stared over the rock, seeing the gigantic, fallen monster, of a cat, for the first time. The feline’s fur, had been thick, and grey in color. Though, yes; the most significant thing about it, was its enormous size; its body, laid out on the ground, fifteen feet long! Angelus started to walk towards it and Helen had followed closely. The details of the creature’s coat, had come to be revealed, as they neared; there were three white stripes, starting from the head, going all the way down its back, to the tip of the tail. Long, black, knifelike quills, ran down the center of each. The quills, started small on its head, and gradually grew bigger, and then, became small again, as they peaked down the tail. Helen and Angelus, gazed down at the lifeless body, as they came to a stop, in front of the creature’s head; the ears, had long white hairs on their tips, the nose, black, and streaming with reddened fluid; and the eyes, very pale, containing the suddenness of death. The body structure, was much like a jaguar, except it was a great deal larger. The feline had unbelievably long and sharp black claws, coming out of its twelve front monstrous toes. Helen, gazed at the powerful creature, in pure amazement, and Angelus, stared, with astounding revelation, of what this meant, this place really was; could it be…
“Who’s out there?” said a muffled yet masculine voice; Angelus recognized it right away. “Mark! Is that you?” Mark scrambled to his feet, and dashed to the opening of the nest; the root entanglement, and dug up debris, of what was left behind of the hole. He climbed out! Angelus became zealous. Where was the voice from beneath them, coming from...? Angelus searched, and, as soon as he found the source of the sounds, he rushed over, and helped Mark, the rest of the way up out of the burrow. “What happened to you Mark? Your weapon, where is it?” 
	Mark, told him the whole story of the chase; how while, jumping over a stream, he lost his rifle; and how he spotted the hole, and had crawled inside, to get away from the cat. He took a deep breath as he finished. “Certainly you’ve been through a lot. It’s good to see you’re alive!” Angelus, turned his head, to look at the great leviathan of a cat, and paused for a moment. “Can you believe this animal’s size?”
	 “Everything in this place seems to be oversized!” Helen objected. “Except for Nox!” Mark gawked at her with inquisition. “Nox?” Nox, standing on her shoulder spoke for himself. “I’m Nox! One of the youngest Tree Dragons, and, Angelus at present, has destroyed a Likkumfex! Mark looked at the little lime-green dragon, which stood on Helen’s shoulder, and was amazed; and curious in his expression. Angelus looked at Nox, in outlandish puzzlement, and asked, pointing at the cat creature with his rifle. “This cat thing, has a name?” Nox replied, with his little nerves, hanging on to every word. “Well... it used to be a Likkumfex... but it has turned, into a Dark Creature!” 
	 “Dark Creature?” 
	Helen took over Nox’s conversation with Angelus. “A Dark Creature is one that’s polluted. Let’s put it this way... a good creature, corrupted by evil!” Mark, didn’t take his eyes off Nox for a second, since the little dragon spoke; and still continued to observe him, from a distance. Nox, spotted Mark staring at him, but looked away. He hadn’t thought anything of it at first; until, Nox had looked at Mark again to find that he was still watching him; though looked away again, quickly, as if he wasn’t. Then, for the third time, he glanced at Mark, catching him in the same stupor stare; he whispered in Helen’s ear. “He’s staring at me!” Helen darted her, unmistakably green eyes at Mark, stating. “Mark! Stop staring at Nox! You’re making him anxious!”
Mark, in fairy-tale delirium, looked into Helen’s eyes, as if being forced to do so. “I can’t help it! I mean… how often do you see dragons...and little dragons at that...” Nox whispered in Helen’s ear, and Helen replied. “Okay, he understands what you mean, just don’t do it again.” Mark might be growing ill; that would make sense. 
	Crack! All of a sudden, a growl struck out at them, from far behind! It was the same growl, which had taunted Helen, Nox and Angelus, previously, before stumbling upon Mark. Angelus, with the role of leadership, declared quietly. “We better get moving!”    

 	Elvia had told Adrian everything about the Forest Fairies, and did so, lightheartedly! “I would like to go and meet the Forest Fairies!” Adrian announced, with enthusiasm.  Elvia, overflowing with excitement in her voice, replied. “Yes! It would be great for you to meet the Forest Fairies! I’ll take you there! Follow me!” Elvia sped off, energetically, into the trees, and Adrian followed quickly. “Hey! Wait up!”
	Once Adrian reached the trees, where Elvia had flown on passed, he found himself gawking at an incredibly impressive village, with Life Stones, and Forest Fairies, everywhere! Elvia, snuck up on him, flapping her wings actively, at his heads-reach. “Isn’t it divine!” Adrian stumbled on his heel, catching himself, and responded alarmingly. “You scared me a little there! What are you doing, sneaking up on me like that?” 
	A young, boyish in features, yellow-blond haired, and big sapphire eyed, Forest Fairy, flew up to them. He was hyper and playful in nature, and he came to speak to Elvia. “Hi Elvia, what’s this?” The boy fairy, pulled on Adrian’s face, stretching his cheeks, and then, realized what Adrian had been. “Elvia! This is a human! Do you know what the Elders are going to say?” Elvia went up to the goofball of a fairy, and said, while pushing him away from Adrian’s face. “Gil stop! I brought him here, to meet the Forest Fairies, but I’ll take him to see the Elders right now!” 
Elvia said to Adrian, who was rubbing his face, again from the discomfort of a fairy’s doings. “I’ll take you to Elder Koji! Come on Adrian, follow me!” Adrian followed Elvia, who sped passed Gil, and the rest of the busy, Forest Fairy village. 	
Through the trees, she dodged, until she led him to one, that had a little door, carved out at the same level as Adrian’s chest. Elvia flew up to the door, knocked, and an old bald Forest Fairy, with a long white beard, wearing a brown robe, answered. Elvia spat out quickly, all that she needed to say. “I brought a human to see you!” Koji looked at Adrian, and fell down in his doorway as if startled. Elvia flew up to him. “Koji are you alright?” She tapped his shoulder, and he sprung up to his feet, promptly; holding his walking stick in his hand, while breathing heavily. Adrian laughed, and Koji, stared at him, flying up to his face very slowly, and said, in an old man’s voice. “You think that’s funny?” Adrian put on a serious face, and uttered. “No sir!” Koji, slowly flew back to his little hovel, and said. “Good! Now Elvia… why did you come here?” Elvia replied. “I came here to introduce you to Adrian.” Koji replied, with a great regal-wonder, to his voice, what you would expect from a wise old monk. “Adrian? ... Adrian! The prophecy is true!” Adrian asked, with anticipation. “What is this prophecy?” Koji responded, in vague understanding. “What prophecy?” Elvia looked at Koji, as if he were everything but sane, while Adrian replied; reminding him. “The prophecy you were just speaking of!” Koji answered. “Oh! The prophecy, says that a young Forest Fairy, named Elvia, will bring a human to us… whose name is Adrian!” Adrian was shocked by this stumbling upon a prophecy, and replied slowly. “Really! Me?” Koji replied with a laugh. “No!” He hopped backwards into his little house and closed the door. Elvia and Adrian, looked at each other idiotically, and then, gazed back at the door, when they heard it open and close a couple of times; which just left them in question even more! He was quite limber for his old age. The Forest Fairies, seemed all kiddish in behavior to him, and Adrian thought this temperament to be indeed an adorable and sweet thing about them, if anything. But still, there was something odd about this older one, that would be mistaken by him, of what he had gathered to be in their nature so far… if it wouldn’t have been for his age...
	Adrian felt there was something off about this, and put to good use, his skill of getting to the bottom of things. “Who is Koji?” 
	“He’s one of the Elder Forest Fairies.” 
	“Where are the rest of the Elders?” 
	“They’re in the Elder Tree.” Now would tell tale to Elvia’s sweet innocent manner, not being so innocent after all; Adrian questioned further. “Why isn’t Koji in the Elder Tree with the rest of the Elder Forest Fairies?” Elvia sluggishly replied, squinting her eyes and scrunching her face. “Because, he’s lost his mind... he was kicked out of the Elder Tree… no longer a member of the Elders… and now, this is where he stays.” Adrian, glared at her seriously, and said. “Why didn’t you take me to the Elder Tree in the first place?” Elvia answered with a sigh, and went off much like a child, which brought back that purity of her delightful nature. “Because the Elder Forest Fairies would be furious if they found out a human was here! I don’t want them to be angry with me. They are having enough trouble with the Dark Creatures.” Adrian presented, calm security, in response. “Take me to the Elder Forest Fairies… maybe I can help.” 
	Elvia took Adrian to the Elder Tree. It was a much older tree, and mostly impressive, amidst the smaller trees surrounding there. Why was this one tree so much larger? Adrian stopped, to take in the majestic sight; all the way up, the tree, and all the way down. “Do I have to climb?” 
	 “No! Silly, the entrance is on the other side!” 
	Elvia flew around to the other side, breezing on by in front of Adrian, and then, he followed, apprehensively; and slowly, but surely, he came around the tree, and found Elvia, exchanging words with another Forest Fairy, who was guarding the entrance to the Elder Tree. The entrance, which was a porch, made of bound twigs, with a shielding canopy of leaves. Adrian progressed closer. “What’s going on?” Elvia and the fairy-guard, drew their attention to him, staring at him, inspecting him. He didn’t feel like he was made a spectacle; more like a specimen, being examined. Elvia turned to the fairy guard, and said, inconspicuously, but still with her innate energy. “That’s the human I brought to see the Elders!” The fairy guard, examined Adrian again, staring him down, and then, turned on foot and marched inside through the door, to tell the Elder Forest Fairies, of Elvia’s important reason to see them.
	After a while, the guard came back out; widely holding the entryway open, for a gray winged and Elder Forest Fairy; who had an undeniably, and very pleasant manner about him. The Elder Fairy spoke. “Elvia, what is your news of a human? Is the human here?” Elvia replied hastily. “Yes! The human is right there!” She directed to Adrian, and the Elder Fairy turned his head slowly, to perceive him. “Oh I see! Just one moment.” The Elder Fairy, leisurely bowed, and walked inside through the open door; to then return to them again, along with five other Elders.
	All the Elders, stared at Adrian, as they walked out the door, whispering to one another. Gathered together in a close grouping, one of the Elders, asked the tall human. “What brought you to this Forest… how did you know where to find it?” Adrian stepped forward, answering. “I was lost and stumbled upon it by happenstance.” 
“Meaning you did not find it by map… you did not know where to find it...” The Elder Forest Fairies went back to their whispering, as if adding up information, and then, the same Elder asked again. “Are there other humans in the Forest as well?” Adrian replied, hesitantly. “There may be...I don’t know! We were separated!” The Elders stopped their whispering, and all faced Adrian, as one of the Elders in front said. “How many humans were with you?” 
	 “Well…seven…not including myself. There is Eric, Samantha, Helen, Angelus, Mark, Coral and Jack, my brother…”
The Elder Forest Fairies, looked at each other, discussing a resolution to the best of their ability on what to do. This was certainly a task for them. While the other Elders grew silent in contemplation, the same Elder as before, asked again. “I suppose you have not any idea of what is happening to our Forest?” Adrian replied. “Actually, Elvia has told me all about your problem with the Tree of Beginning, and that it has been destroyed.” Elvia looked at Adrian, and gestured for him to stop speaking, while forming her lips, as if she was saying ‘NO.’ Sometimes it is best to disclose as much information as possible to the wise, as Adrian had learned, from dealing with life over the years. So he chose to ignore Elvia, and continued, telling the Elders what she told him. “A witch named Astrid, destroyed it, and now you must be looking for her… right? As I was told, you have to spill her blood, to bring the Tree of Beginning back.” 
	The Elders, looked at each other in astonishment. Adrian, unknowingly, had been the first to reveal to them, the destroyer of the Tree of Beginning. One of the Elders, from the rear of the group, moved on forward through the bunch, and affirmed. “Yes! You’re right human… but we have never heard of this witch!” The Elder looked to Elvia and said, scolding her. “Elvia… is this true? Did a witch destroy the Tree of Beginning?” Elvia murmured, whiningly. “Yes! It’s true! A witch destroyed the Tree of Beginning, but yet it was her… it wasn’t her, at the same time! Don’t misunderstand; it was someone else, destroying it through her.” The Elder questioned Elvia. “What do you mean that someone else was destroying it through her?” Elvia calmed down. “She is a Trance Witch... Astrid is a Trance Witch. She is a kind of witch, that when they go under a trance, they can be used to carry out the will of another!” Adrian added. “Kind of like a possession of an evil spirit.”
	The Elders looked at Adrian dubiously, and then, spoke amongst themselves, while facing each other in a circle. One said. “A Trance Witch? I’ve never heard of this!” Another said. “What does this possession have to do with the tree being destroyed?” Another one said. “We should send them on a quest to find the Witch Astrid.” Then the Elder, who first spoke to Adrian and Elvia at the beginning of their visit, made known to them what they had discussed. “We’ve talked, and we’ve decided… you two are going to be sent on a quest, to go find this witch, and bring her back here to us!”
	With this being said, Adrian replied boldly. “Wait… I mean I’m willing to go find this witch, but isn’t it dangerous out there! Don’t we need weapons...protection?” The Elder answered. “Okay Adrian...” 
	The wise old Elder, sent the guard inside; and a short moment after, the guard returned with a small purple crystal.  
	The Elder took the crystal from the guard, and said, handing it out to Adrian. “Take this and break it in your hand.” Adrian asked, concernedly. “What will this do?” The Elder Forest Fairy replied. “It will turn you into a Forest Fairy, so you can fly away from harm, if you will, hide in small places… and also, you’ll travel faster flying than walking.” Adrian questioned. “Wait… what does this have to do with protection. And why would I want to be a fairy?” The Elder ignored Adrian’s questions, knowing for himself, that that was the best they could do, to pay mind to his request, of weapons or protection. The Elder Forest Fairy, said, in giving an explanation, of what he could expect. “It won’t turn you into a Forest Fairy permanently, unless you truly desire to be a Forest Fairy. After a few days’ time, it will wear off, and you will be human again. So go ahead… go on… crush it!”
Adrian took the crystal in his hand, staring at it, and then, lifted his gaze, saying to the Elder. “Are you sure I won’t be stuck a Forest Fairy?”
	 “It applies to all creatures. They will be a Forest Fairy for three days, and after that, if they do not wish to remain a Forest Fairy, they will change back into their former selves’.” Adrian stared at the crystal, lying in his palm, and said to himself out loud. “Well… this is going to be an adventure of a lifetime.” Adrian crushed the crystal, and his body, lit up with white light, slowly shrinking in size. And when the light disappeared, all the Elders, the fairy guard, and Elvia, beheld Adrian’s fairy form. His wings had four brown ovals, his ears pointy like an elf, and now, his lushes head of hair, a dark green hue; though still, his eyes were hazel. He also, still had on his human clothes; gray jacket and black denims.
 	Elvia, marveled at him, with shock and amazement. “Adrian! You’re a Forest Fairy!” Adrian stared down at his hands, and his arms, and then, looked up at Elvia and said. “I am!” He began to flap his wings, stumbling a little at first, as he rose up from the ground; but he understood how to maneuver rather quickly, and ascended up in the air, adjacent to Elvia. “This is kind of fun!” The Elder cleared his throat, interrupting the enjoyment Adrian found, from now having wings. “You should be on your way.” Looking at the Elders, Elvia agreed eagerly; now having this new version of a companion, her enthusiasm improved. “Okay!” Then she shot her, flickering bright eyes, at Adrian eloquently. She was dazzled at the sight of him. “Let’s go Adrian! We’ll start looking for Astrid at the temple, where I last have seen her. Race you!” Elvia flew off speedily, and Adrian followed, in a steady course; then, flying faster and faster after her. 
	“I don’t know where we’re going! Wait!”
	Adrian glanced at the trees around him, discovering everything to be quite different from a Forest Fairy’s point of view. He tried to climb higher and higher in the air, and then did so, like it was second nature; he zoomed off, gaining on Elvia, flying faster and faster, until he passed her. Elvia stared at Adrian in surprise, and competitively caught up to him; now they were both aside one another!
	Adrian didn’t take surpassing her too seriously; after all, he hadn’t a clue the way to this place, of which she spoke of. Suddenly, all was disturbed within him, and within the surrounding area. He had been caught off guard, when a crashing ruckus approached, blaring from the forest ahead! Elvia and Adrian came to a halt, and she whispered, under a failed breath, fearfully. “Hide.” She flew up to a high tree branch, and laid out, perfectly still, on top; out of sight!
	A roar, reverberated through the trees, leaving, unnerved Adrian, to quickly dash behind one that was close by! Everything was uneasily too quiet, too abruptly. A low growl, rumbled from the other side of the tree; Adrian cringed in fear, holding his breath. Elvia slowly peeked down from over the branch, then immediately, pulled her head back, when she saw the creature, to be a larger than average of what she knew to be, a Quinrylack.
	Adrian heard the Dark Creature make a mad dash away, and came around the side of the tree, to make sure, what he had heard, was not misleading. Yes. The Creature was gone. While Adrian still had his head turned, something was not quite right about this; and sure enough, he felt a snarling hot exhale behind him, stinging his wings. Adrian slowly veered, and all too shockingly, there was the Quinrylack! It was a gigantic demon dragon, but without wings or scales. Instead, it had a sheer glossy tough black skin, and a fin, starting at the head, going all the way down its back, and ending at the triangle tipped tail. 
	The Quinrylack’s black eyes revealed their purple sheen, as the creature stood up, swinging its tail through the air! The monster stomped down on its front legs, but, just before it was about to devour Adrian, another huge dragon, came darting through the air, out of nowhere. It rammed the Quinrylack with a sharp horn, centered on its forehead. The Dark Creature, quickly stood back up, after being knocked off its feet, and swiped the soaring dragon’s chest. Blood ran down its belly, and dripped from underneath.
	The winged dragon, rose on its hind legs, and ripped a branch off a tree, whacking the Quinrylack’s lower snout. The shiny skinned creature, grew airborne for a few seconds, and then, crashed to the ground, with its jaw crushed into its face; the Quinrylack had been killed.
	Adrian stared at the great flying dragon, mouth open in awe; then, the dragon looked at him. Adrian froze in silence, and closed his mouth. He moved a little nearer to the dragon, as it moved away from him, sat down, and pulled a stick out of its tender ribs. Adrian said in a tone of gratitude. “Thank you for saving me from that...” Elvia flew down from the tree, and finished Adrian’s sentence. “Quinrylack!” 
	The dragon, looked at both of them, and replied. “I didn’t save you! I’ve been after that contaminated Quinrylack for days… and you… you just happen to be in the way.” Elvia made a grateful gesture. “Well, anyway, thanks!” The dragon, though, didn’t respond; he just stood up, opened his wings, and jumped into the air, and flew away!
	Elvia turned her head to Adrian. “We should be on our way now, again, come on!” Adrian took in the spectacular sight of the dragon, as it soared away majestically; and then, hurried to catch up with Elvia, who flew away in the opposite direction, continuing on their quest.
















Chapter 6

Jack’s Adventure
 

	Jack followed Adrian’s footprints for hours, until they led him to harder ground; the path left behind for him was no more; the trail had vanished in the composting leaves, and other debris, covering the path. He scanned all around, trying to locate any continuing footprints, only to find, they just ended right where he did. Lost in despair and frustrated, Jack took a couple steps forward, kicking leaves sluggishly. What a series, of many great findings and adventures of his life, this had been thus far. Would this be the end of his expedition days; had all the glory of his life, finally reached a point, where there would be nothing more... nothing after this. Lost in a forest to die. This was the end. The cruel truth of what was to come; what he expected. He walked passed a tree, which oddly began to glow purple; a purple radiating vapor, like it was set off by a motion detector. Jack stepped back, and faced the glowing tree with an expression of horror, quickly changing to curiosity. He moved nearer to the tree, and baffled at this foggy layer of purple glow; he slowly reached out towards this unknown phenomenon, to touch it. 
	Once his hand met with the tree, he found himself, soaring through a purple and black glowing tunnel, after being sucked in by a strong vacuum. Passing through the tunnel, he shouted, then vociferated strangely; divulging fear; screaming in terror.
	A bright light, gleamed at the end of the tunnel. Jack brought up his arm, shielding his eyes from the wondrous rays of fair light. Upon reaching the light, he felt as if he was shoved out a door, by an unrelenting and invisible force. There he was, standing there, in an unrecognizable forest. The trees were different, the plant life was different; even the moisture in the air. Jack felt to see if he was still in one piece. He then, turned to the tree behind him.
	It was glowing purple, just like the last tree, but unlike the tree before, this one’s branches and shape, was noticeably and very dissimilar, to the other. He backed away from the tree, intriguingly studying it. After casting his eyes upon it, looking all the way up and all the way down, he went over to the tree, and suspiciously made contact with it; palm to the bark. He flew through the tunnel once more; sucked in as earlier. The purple and black vapor, swirled together unevenly, and it made him dizzy to watch. The bright light came again at the end of the tunnel, but he appeared, not in the same place, of where he came from; but in a dark and somber woodland. He glanced around, then said out loud to himself; in bringing his thoughts to fruition. Going back and forth between these tree portals… why doesn’t it lead back from where I was before…they must have a purpose… they must lead somewhere important. 
	Jack laid a hand on the glowing tree, emerging from it once again. This had proven to be dangerous now; he appeared in front of two, huge, battling coldblooded beasts. He quickly acted; flying through the tunnel yet a third time! Now he appeared at another place, tripping upon a rock; resulting, in him falling forward, face down in the ground.
	Jack rolled over painfully, his vision thrown into disorientation. He spit moss and leaves from out of his mouth. Then, lying there awkwardly, he beheld a great sight! A vast monolith of stones, propped upright in a circle. Jack rose up upon his feet, getting a better look. 
	The tremendous rocks, surrounded a gray figure of a maiden, sitting on a small boulder. Stairs made of petrified wood, led up to her from all sides. 
	Jack glanced behind him, then, side to side. Steadily moving forward, staring at the statue, he started in a gentle pace up the steps.
	Jack gazed in wonderment at the huge rocks, as he passed by them, and came into the circle, now approaching the stone figure. And he felt as if someone was there. But who was there. The maiden was there… and the maiden’s presence, gave him such a strong notion, of being living flesh, it’s as if she wasn’t a statue at all! There was a droplet of sadness on her cheek; eyes were cast down, and the tears, seemed to have authentic movement, upon her face. 
As Jack looked upon her, a sudden sorrow came over him, and he began to weep marginally. He stretched out his hand, and touched the tears, frozen on her face. 
	A ghastly vision, took over his sight, and a cloud, shadowed his mind. He dreamt of darkness… darkness covering over the sky; a young maiden ran from a vicious beast. But it wasn’t a beast really; it wasn’t anything tangible even; it was a metaphor. She was really running from her pain and misery; running far, far away from this agony, her despair, that would want nothing more, than to ruin her…to destroy her. 
Jack flew back with great force, as if some sinister and powerful poltergeist, pushed him away. He laid on the ground, but didn’t bother to get up completely. He pushed up from the sufface and just rested on his hands, to bring himself to face the statue; and then, he spoke words, out of merely gut feeling and intuition. “It’s not as bad as you think; why... why did you give up on this life…” Everything went silent, and Jack realized, he wasn’t talking to anyone; as if coming out of a daze and delirium, he recognized that the statue was not living and breathing. Therefore, it wasn’t very likely that it was going to answer him. 
	He rose to his feet, ready to go back the way he came and leave this odd place, but slammed into a transparent wall, just sealing closed in front of him. The magical wall, gave off waves, of tiny ripples, as his body collided with it, and had knocked him back down. He lay out on the floor of the enchanted cromlech, not wanting to get back up; and he thought of just lying there forever; why not. Just drift into darkness, let this wretched place have its way with him, to just give up on his father, give up on himself, and give up on Adrian.
	Clouds accumulated, and rolled through the sky, swaying the time away. Jack slipped into delightful enchantment, and floated far off into dreams. He dreamt of sadness, he dreamt of paradise; and he dreamt of death. A repulsive screeching woke him from his dreams; forcing him to search for its source. It was the statue! The statue split in a fine fracture, trailing out; then, ruptured apart, sending bright light shining out from between its cracks. Jack rose, covering his ears, as the screeching grew louder. 
	The shell of stone, broke off and fell down, from an illuminated figure; in the same pose as the statue. As the light dimmed, Jack found that the statue had come alive. He stared at the mysteriously living, and now breathing, maiden, with fear and astonishment! But as she wiped her eyes, he saw only her beauty, and the fear was no more. She stared back at him, not in alarm, but in wonder; her angelic face eminently shined, and then, settled to a pleasant and flawless pale tone. Jack opened his mouth to speak, yet nothing came from his lips. 
	The maiden drew her chin up, and said, in a warm and peaceful voice. “Hello Jack…my name is Lithia.” Jack opened his mouth again, wording successfully, in deep suspicion. “How do you know my name?” Lithia answered. “I know everything about you Jack. I know that your father died, when you were just of eight years; and you vowed to find the “Forest of Lost Secrets”, “The Forest of Beginning”, “The Forest That Cannot Be Found”…“This Forest”...” Jack stumbled back, and gulped a long swallow, to loosen the knot in his throat. He then, said, as he looked on, to one side, and then, looked to Lithia. “I’m dreaming… you can’t be real.” 
	Lithia stood up, electrically moving closer and closer to him. She reached out to touch his arm, and he pulled back, trembling in fright.
 	“It’s okay Jack, I’m not going to hurt you.” She reached out her hand once more, and Jack, slowly felt and caressed it. “You are real! So this isn’t a dream is it?” Lithia answered. “No… this is not a dream. I’m as real as you.” Jack asked her, astounded. “You knew I was going to come here?” Lithia replied. “I knew, when you touched me… but no; I didn’t know you were going to come.” Pulling his hand away from hers, Jack said in frustration. “Who are you?” She replied. “I’m Lithia; I use to be the Leader of the Cloud Clan, the Queen of Forever, and least of my favorite... Maiden of Madness.” What horror grew over Jack, from the sudden way her voice had changed, with the last title she had given herself. “Maiden of Madness?” He hadn’t known whether to feel uneasy about this or not. “Why were you called the Maiden of Madness?” 
	Lithia pleasantly, went about revealing to Jack, all that he asked. “Very well, I’ll tell you; I was disgraced with the name the Maiden of Madness, after being cast off my throne. I became weary and overcome with grief. I had not the will to live, after my love Everrek, of the Cloud Clan, died in battle. The Dark Creatures increase in number every day. There has been a war between the Dark Side and the Light, for the last eight hundred years. When my dear Everrek died, I felt too much pain, and couldn’t function a clear thought in my mind; I would spend days, blaming myself remorsefully; denying reality; fantasizing, imagining a happy place, where Everrek was still alive. I went mad, and the council, saw I was no longer fit to rule. I wanted to die… but death was too easy of a way out, to be good enough for me. I tried to replace my loss through revenge. I was a war queen. I fought off countless Dark Creatures, led many battles… led many to their slaughter… and the bitter taste of the loss of Everrek, followed me everywhere I went. And still the fighting was not enough, to satisfy my thirst for revenge on Everrek’s death. I slowly gave up…was overtaken with misery, and went mad. I decided it best, to go to the Sacred Stones Circle, and turn myself to stone, forever. To freeze my grief; I stopped it nothing, until I reached my destination; and came to rest at the center of this place; sitting myself down. I cried and cried, and wallowed in woeful anguish; then suddenly, I was paralyzed, I could not move. My tears stopped and my eyes fixed on the ground. I could not feel. I slipped into a deep sleep, and dreamt nothing… but then...you came along; and when I felt your warm and pure human touch, upon my face; I knew there was something worth waking for. Like a cry for help, that needed an answer. I reach out, extending beyond the limits, of ordinary experience, to aid thee. Heaven-sent, hell-bent, and crazed for this certain thing, that holds me out on a limb. And Jack… I thank you for giving me the strength to come back. To now face what’s real. To now feel again.”	
	Jack gazed into Lithia’s eyes, as she started to cry, not of sadness, but of joy. “You are a perfect picture of strength Lithia, and your story has influenced me to be stronger; stronger for myself, and stronger for my brother. Lithia… will you help me find my brother?” Lithia replied, postured well in composure. “Yes.” 
	She strolled down the weathered steps, and Jack followed. He did not expect her to stop abruptly, but she did; and she pulled up something, from off of the ground, covering over a small hole. It appeared as leather, except it had a tougher exterior, riddled in scales. He then, watched her pick up a roll, of the same kind of leather, from out of the hole; it was bound shut, and she untied it, spreading it out on the ground, revealing it to be full of a variety of weapons and armor. 
	As Lithia strapped on a shiny leather belt, with compartments for knives and a sword; Jack, could hide his curiosity no more. “What is that made of?” Lithia picked up her knives, inserting them, one after another as she answered. “Quinrylack and dragon skin.” Jack replied, fearful of the unknown. “Are we going to run into a lot of dragons and these Quinrylacks?” Lithia asked him. “Why? Did you not already?” Jack answered. “No I haven’t... well there were these two dragons, ripping each other apart, after that once I went through the… some kind of teleportation tree.” 
	All finished arming herself, Lithia tossed Jack a dragon-scaled, leather breastplate, and said; half acknowledging what he said. “Oh! You better put this on.” She drew up her shield, walking away swiftly, while holding her sword out, ready to strike! Sure enough, no sooner than after she did, a loud roar of a great reptile, echoed from ahead. Jack paused in panic, searching the area vigilantly, when he heard the sound of wings, come slashing through the air!
He watched for any movement, but there was nothing; just the huge trees glowing with sunset; and the soft light, poured down over the stone circle. Suddenly, Jack was disturbed by the sound of a voice within his mind, saying to him. “Come, follow me, what are you delaying for?” Jack ran to catch up to Lithia, and said. “Lithia I don’t like this! I don’t like this one bit!”
	Lithia stopped dead in her tracks, and motioned Jack, to stop as well. She listened to the forest, the ground, and the trees. And when Jack asked her what had been going on, she responded. “Shhhh... Do you hear that? It is coming!” 
	 “What is coming?” 
	Lithia stood silent, and all that was heard, was the wind; which rapidly picked up. He did not know what to make of it. Something remarkable, or something dangerous, or both.
All in an abrupt moment, she turned, pushing Jack back and away from her! He flew through the air, and then, tumbled on the ground. 
	A great horned dragon, zoomed passed, out of nowhere, knocking Lithia down! Lithia scurried up, with her sword in hand, and stood strong, as the red-eyed, black dragon, aggressively came, tearing through the air, straight for her. She threw out her arms, and bellowed a loud war cry, as she charged the dragon, which charged her; now more heinously, and more ferociously, than before!
	Lithia rebound, and leapt up into the sky, an amazing thirty feet. Jack beheld, in disbelief, as she flipped through the air, and landed on top of the dragon’s head; a stunt executed supremely! And in such a way, only a supernatural creature could have done.
	She drove her sword into its brain, and the dragon, plummeted to the earth; sliding, while Lithia still stood, and surfed upon the crown!
	Jack gaped at her in astonishment, as she hopped off, like this feat was nothing. “Jack, come on. Let us get moving.” Lithia’s eyes gleamed, with the possession of power, as she looked at him; rapidly walking away, in a fast pace.
	 What is she! She can’t be human! Lithia turned, and said to Jack, when she noticed, he hadn’t been following. “Jack, what is wrong?” He stared at her; beholding the contrast her black hair and her glowing eyes, had in approval, to each other. She seemed to spark with mystical glitter, as she gazed at him. And it made him uncomfortable, as if she could see into his soul; chuckling at the weakness, with a ridiculing and wicked laugh. If strength is a curse, she is definitely cursed… there is something off about her. Like the way she is looking at me right now! Could something so beautiful, be of evil? 
	Lithia blinked, and then smiled a little. “Jack, come on! We’ve quite a walk ahead of us!” Jack decided to abandon his suspicious thoughts; and refused to see anything but beauty, in this creature. He hurried up beside her, and they both, were on their way; though, she walked fast, really fast. He could not keep up, without altering between, running and walking, every so often. Lithia noticed, and slowed her pace. She was good; good could not be evil... could it? Jack pondered in his thoughts, questioning his judgment of her; and whether or not he should trust her entirely. “Are you human?”
	Lithia stopped, looked at him, cunningly, and said. “No, I was the Cloud Clan Queen. The Cloud Clan is not human. There’s a rule that everything follows; you can’t cheat death, but, minus that, the Cloud Clan, are what they see themselves to be… they can see, whatever they imagine, to be… they can be whatever they like… whatever they want to be… and they can do whatever they believe, can be done. Every time I face a fight, I believe I will triumph. If at any time a Cloud dweller does not fully believe… fully have faith, that they can do something, then, they won’t be able to. They are dreamers... and dreams can come true… we should get moving.” Jack grabbed her arm, to hold her back, as if keeping her back, from changing the subject to something else; he wanted her to finish. “What do you mean a Cloud dweller is a dreamer?” Eyeing up his grip on her arm, she slowly pulled away, facing him, saying. “Let me show you.” She lifted her hand to his face, but he jolted, and backed away a little. “Don’t be afraid… trust me.” Lithia placed her fingers lightly on his temples, and suddenly, they were flying. He saw the world under him, and then the Forest, and then, very soft looking clouds, all brilliantly colored, in the bended, reflected rainbow, of the light spectrum. Floating in the sky, and then into space, and further on, and further into the abyss; Jack drifted away into reverie… and then, Lithia finally removed her hands. “Did you see?” Jack replied, enlightened, and shocked by her. “Yes I saw, but what is it?” Lithia sighed, and then answered. “Cloud dwellers dream, they don’t actually live in the Clouds, they dream… and they believe.” Jack stared at Lithia, with a puzzled expression, and then asked curiously. “Can you become a human, if you wanted to?” Lithia responded. “You do not see it still? We do not limit ourselves as humans do. We do whatever we believe is possible.” 
	 “So you believe, jumping up thirty feet into the air, is possible?” Lithia took a deep breath, and replied, exasperatedly. “You do not understand. Well… of course you don’t… you’re human!” She hiked on off, and Jack caught up to her, apologizing, and was surprised, by her response. “Alright… you are forgiven… and now, if you don’t mind, we should be going this way!” Lithia paced around a huge rock, and Jack joined her, with haste.

	They had walked all the night long. Jack was extremely exhausted, and almost, falling down. The sun had risen, but the Forest, was still dark, except for the small amount of light, that created an outline of the trees; streaming down through the thick and endless branches. Jack wasn’t able to take another step forward. He fell down on his knees, and sighed. “I need to rest. I can’t go on anymore.” Lithia went back to help him up upon his feet, of which she did so, quite easily. “Alright Jack.” She then, sauntered off to a tree, and gestured for Jack to follow. Lithia stopped in front of it, waiting for Jack, who was coming to stand beside her. “You’re tired. We’ll take rest in this tree… come on.” Lithia began to climb the tall, wide giant; which would be an impossible feat for Jack. Jack tried to climb it all the same, but sure enough, to no avail. Lithia had made it halfway up the tree by now. “I can’t climb it.” 
	“Hold on, I’ll get you something!” Lithia climbed up the rest of the tree, and grabbed onto a monstrously large branch, pulling herself up upon it. She collected pieces of the hanging moss, and twisted it together tightly. Within minutes, she had made a long rope, out of it. Lithia secured one end to the tree, and tied a loop on the other end, tossing it down to Jack.
	Jack was baffled, to see, she had created this rope so quickly. Lithia exclaimed, as she made for certain the knot had been snugly fastened. “There we have it then… Jack… get in the loop and hold on.” Sitting in the loop, just as she said, Lithia hoisted him up.
	Dangling in the air, wasn’t so bad, as long as he didn’t look down. When Jack had reached the large branch, where Lithia stood, he grabbed onto it, almost slipping off; but luckily, Lithia with her quick cat like reflexes, snatched him by his coat, and lugged him to safety. 
	He held tightly to Lithia as he glanced down, and regrettably, saw how far up they were from the ground. He had been both, very nauseous, and oh so exhausted, that when she set him down, he ludicrously, fell into instant slumber. He fainted? Lithia shook him. “Jack, I’m going to make a bed for you... don’t fall asleep yet.” Lithia rose up to collect some dry brownish moss, which hung from the branches, all over the tree, in abundance. She returned unto Jack quickly, for she worried he might roll off the tree, and fall down. She used the rope, to tie him to the core of the great tree, and then, wrapped some dry moss around him. “This will keep you warm.” she said. But Jack hadn’t heard her; he was fast asleep.
	It was late afternoon, when he woke, finding himself in a moss hut, held up, and entwined together, by twigs and branches. Looking around, he then discovered, Lithia sleeping next to him. He poked her a couple times. “Lithia wake up…wake up Lithia.” Jack grew impatient, and shouted. “Wake up!” Lithia sprung to her feet, pulling out one of her knives; and not realizing, where she was for a moment, she smirked, then apologized. “Oh… sorry Jack.” she put her knife back in her belt, continuing, laughingly. “Did I frighten you?” Jack replied, with a slight grin. “Ha, what do you think?” 
	Jack stretched and yawned, walking out of the moss hovel. And then, he became conscious, that he was entangled in a heap of dry moss and rope, weighing him down; and he slowly, pulled it off, piece by piece. Lithia came out right after him, taking a deep breath. She glanced at him, as he took the last piece of moss off of himself, and threw it down, upon the impressive surface, under their feet; a thirteen foot wide branch. Lithia took notice. “I wrapped you up, when you were sleeping, so you wouldn’t get cold… get a chill, and grow sick.”
	 “Ah, thank you! So how are we going to get down from here?” 
	Jack leaned over, looking at the Forest floor below. Then, without warning, Lithia grabbed hold of him, and jumped down, cradling him in her arms like an infant. 
How dare she. Jack felt emasculated, being handled in such a way; had he no pride! He shrugged away from her clutches, as soon as they were safely on the ground. 
	“Don’t handle me like I’m helpless; I can take care of myself.” 
She ignored his statement. “We better get moving.” As Jack followed, he tripped clumsily upon a tree root, with a hotheaded attitude; which would have been humiliating for him, if Lithia had seen. He quickly scrambled to his feet, and contended to catch up to Lithia. 












Chapter 7

Angelus, Helen and Mark


 	Mark, Angelus and Helen, had been aimlessly gaiting through the woods, a long, long time now… and they were painfully taxed. Nox snuggled under the collar of Helen’s jacket, snoring away. This place taunted them like a terrible nightmare. 
	Then something, of the very horror, of their every waking thought, and every haunting dream, came to bitter resolve. The nightmare was real. They grew alert, readying their defense, when a supernatural laughter, echoed and faded, ricocheting throughout the trees, all around them. They stood dead still, unable to find the source of the noise. Panic was a deep dark pit, that grew deeper and deeper, and deeper. Nox; wakened, alarmed; hid in Helen’s hair. The sound, kept on fading in and fading out, from every direction; then, all at once, it had ceased to be no more; an uncanny occurrence, if nothing else. There was an uncomfortable stillness of the atmosphere. Far off ahead, a blurred figure, had stopped for a moment, to unsettle them; and then, zoomed away, stiring up a gust along with it. Helen and Angelus, and Mark, had turned, facing their backs to one another.  
	Within a few moments, thousands upon thousands, of pale white creatures, formed in masses, all over and surrounded them. The creatures had the same characteristics of a human; but had no hair, and they were all dressed, in snowy robes. What horror of the worst kind, this was; finding all their big empty black eyes, now staring at them. Angelus, Helen and Mark, screamed in anxious fright, deafeningly, causing many white pointy ears to twitch. The creatures, all began laughing in unison; then laughed even louder and louder, raising volume, as if by the turning of a knob. Angelus and Helen looked at each other. What was this dementedness. If anything was certain, they had not known what to expect, from this vast, and endlessly laughing choir. They remained cautious, and made no sudden movements, as they stared at these beings; watching them... waiting… as they continued to grow louder and louder... and louder. And now, what was to happen next, they could not believe. Mark changed his composure, and freakishly started to laugh along with the creatures! He took a step forward; did not stop… he laughed like a madman, moving towards them. Helen took noticed, to this strange incident first, declaring hysterically, and tugging on Angelus. “Look at his skin!” Mark had turned pale. Angelus, slowly crept up behind him, horrorstruck. “Mark…?” Mark did not respond. Angelus was afraid to touch him, for he feared what might happen, if he did; whether he’d be infected, or that Mark might turn on him and attack him. Though, he hadn’t seemed to even be Mark anymore. Not at all… Mark was gone. 	
Angelus, pointed his rifle up, and fired off a couple rounds, keeping a safe distance, in case something went wrong; but nothing happened. He could fire all he wanted, try all he was capable of, but this was out of his control. This was something that could not be helped, no matter his influence. 
	The creatures laughed… and laughed… and laughed... Angelus felt their laughter had been mockery on his part; that they were laughing at him, not being able to do anything. And it didn’t help that Mark, also, continued laughing with them. Helen demanded, insisting in apprehensive terror. “Angelus, come back here!” Looking back at Helen, seeing her shock filled persona, Angelus returned to protect her; holding tightly to his gun. Behind Angelus, Mark turned, and stood in the front line,                                                                          with the crowd of laughing beings; when he did so, his hair, then fell out, and his eyes, turned completely black; growing in size, as did his ears, till they were as large as those, of the surrounding beings. Coming up to Helen, Angelus tried to comfort her, holding her in his arms. Her stare had been frozen, affixed upon Mark... which was now, one of them… one of these wretched devils. 
	Helen wondered if there could be anything, ever again, to come after this… or was this the end for them all. How long did they have; how long would it be till they… themselves, were to turn into one of these devil creatures as well… 
	Then, the proceedings of something entirely different, had come into play. Her thoughts were distracted, by a flickering light, from somewhere above; she gazed up, to find a sphere of white light, shooting off bright patches of luminescence, while gracefully, descending from the heavens. Miraculously, the ensuing laughter stopped, and the only sound heard, was a mild and delicate sparkling chime, as if from bells from on high; but it wasn’t, it was from the source of the light. When the glittery object, touched the ground, the new existence made a sound, like it was generating energy; and all of the white creatures, were struck by a thick powerful ripple of light, turning them all instantly to ashes. It was incredible. Cautiously observing, the shining object, from a distance; Angelus and Helen were fearful, yet relieved, at the same time. 
	The object shone in an oval shape, and then, the bright egg like object, stood up, revealing an enormous creature, resembling a human’s form. Then, the light dimmed, and they found it to be, a giant gargoyle-winged man, dressed in armor. The wings were black, looking much like dragon wings, and the giant’s body, was impeccably built, with large muscle. He beamed with an angelic light, but no physical light had shone from him. The angel shot his eyes at Angelus and Helen; speaking for the first time. “Don’t be afraid. You’re safe now.” Helen looked at Angelus, who was asking the angel. “What are you?” The angel replied. “I am a Mydite Warrior. I’ve been fighting the Darkness ever since I can remember...”This creature, though he said different, had to be an angel; for that’s what he was to them. Helen spoke to the Mydite Warrior. “What were those demons?” The Mydite faced her indefinitely, and answered. “They were once Laughing Elves; happy, innocent creatures…but they have been corrupted by the Dark, and now, I do not know what they actually are... They’re evil, and all they want to do, is turn others, and destroy everything left, that’s good and pure. My name is Cristoph, and I won’t stop till I have killed every last one of them.” 	
	Angelus looked at the Mydite Warrior’s wings, and questioned. “What is a Mydite?” Cristoph, looked Angelus in the eyes; that was something about him. He would drive his eyes, towards Angelus, and Helen, as if he had, to not only hear their words, but also, see them, in order to understand. “A Mydite is a dragon angel. A dragon angel is a protector of the dragons… with power and abilities, far superior to all else... Well, at least to most.”   
Angelus and Helen, blurted out at the same time, a request of the angel, to help them. Angelus and Helen, looked at each other, and guffawed a little, and then, just Angelus spoke. “Can you help us find our friends? We were split up, and so far, it’s just Helen and I… and Mark... but he’s no longer with us; he’s gone.” He bit those last words with bitter sorrow.
	To Angelus’s aid, Cristoph advanced to his left. He would be their salvation. How glorious. The angel neared, as if to their rescue, strengthening their spirits, chasing away all fear and doubt. “Yes, I will protect you from all mischief, and help you find your friends! Hold onto me tightly.” Cristoph put both arms out to each of them, and Helen shook little Nox awake, telling him to hold on tight too; as they had grabbed onto Cristoph’s arms firmly. The Mydite Warrior Cristoph, bulleted up into the air, and spread out his wings, flying with intense velocity; dodging and dashing through the trees! Angelus and Helen, screamed, and held closer to the angel; and Nox, held onto Helen’s hair, screaming as well; but in a less trifling, squeaky dragon roar.
	In an instant, Cristoph stopped, landing on the ground, saying, as Helen and Angelus let go of his arms. “We’ll walk from here… mustn’t draw attention to ourselves. Cristoph began walking, in a fierce, reckless, but courageous manner; and Helen and Angelus, hastily trailed along.
	For two hours, Helen and Angelus, had been treading through the forest, closely gathered behind Cristoph. Most of the time, they stared at the back of his wings, folded lightly, to each side of his body; which was at least, fifteen feet tall, and was nothing less than, in good physical shape and health. 
Breaking the silence, Nox pointed off to the right of them, with his sharp little claw. He said, with trembling. “What is that!” Cristoph, Angelus and Helen, glanced around the area, where Nox had pointed. They couldn’t make it out completely; but likewise, whether they could make heads or tails, of what it was exactly, they saw a huge reptile, lying by a tree. Cristoph, pulled out his colossal gleaming sword, and moved closer to it. Closing in, he found it to be a dead Dertac. Cristoph sheathed his sword. “It’s dead!” Helen, and then Angelus, ran over by him, to get a good look.
	The dead creature, was a large dark green, scaled reptile, having thirteen ears, pointing up from its crown; and little purple bumps on the snout, leading all the way down its back. Cristoph had a compassion for the creature. “Poor little dragon… It was just a baby.” Helen had been in puzzlement. “What do you mean? Isn’t this a Dark Creature?” Cristoph responded harshly, and then, softly. “No! This is a Dertac suckling; a land walking dragon. From the looks of it… it must have been left behind from a fleeing herd… to be slain by a Dark Creature!” Cristoph stared off into the distance, spotting a large footprint, and walked over to it. He knelt down, scooping up the dirt, impacted by the Dark Creature that had undeniably created it. Sniffing it, he let the dirt slip through his fingers. A deep horror came over him. His mind far away, as he whispered fearfully. “Bougsmeith!” Standing up, passing by Helen and Angelus, with a concerned and forewarned look in his eye, he insisted. “We better get moving, and quickly!” They followed, no questions asked. There was definitely something about being here, that disturbed Cristoph. For him to fear something so, having his might and strength; was it possible… This supernatural warrior, had stumbled upon something that frightened him...
	 After a while of walking, Helen had become uneasy; curious and troubled. She wondered why Cristoph gave them no explanation for his, sudden odd behavior, back there. Maybe there was more to this than she thought. She whispered to Angelus. “What do you think killed the Dertac?” 
	“I don’t know, but whatever it is… Cristoph seems to fear it something dreadful!” 
	 “I’m afraid we might never find Jack, and the others… with all this death surrounding us… they might even already be dead now.” 
	“We must have faith in finding them, Helen... can you do that for me?” 
	Angelus stared at her, with a look Helen’s never seen on his face before. She was baffled, but she looked away, and ran to catch up to Cristoph; noticing that they had fallen a bit far behind, Angelus had done the same as well.
	Helen and Angelus, caught up to Cristoph, as he slowed to a stop. He had come to the edge of a lake. The lake was bordered in, by a wealth of trees, and the murky water, was the color of stony coal; a perfect theme for these cold and unwelcoming waters. Cristoph stared, disappointedly, at the water. “I’m too late! The lakes life crystals have all been tainted.” Cristoph paused for a minute; Helen and Angelus watched him, incongruously and inquisitively, as he continued. “That means…the Lake Guardian is also tainted, polluted…which concludes, that he must be destroyed!” 
	Cristoph pulled out his sword, and drove it into the water, at the lake’s edge, and scowled in a thunder. “I draw you out to fight, Lormgil!” On that very second, a grey scale-covered, long necked, leviathan creature, surfaced; its open-mouth, roaring at Cristoph. Deadlocked in front of the two humans and Mydite Warrior; the slick, black skinned, snake-eyed devil, glared down upon them. As it roared, Helen and Angelus, couldn’t help but stare, at the long dripping fangs and demon like teeth, containing shreds of flesh, from something it had recently killed, and most likely, devoured.
	The powerful creature, which Cristoph had called Lormgil, charged at him; mouth gaping ready to swallow him up. Cristoph raised his sword high, not moving from his stance; and barely even breathing, while the monster charged on ruthlessly. Helen shrieked, hollering for him to flee, and dreading the thought of the purpose to do so. Angelus readied his rifle, but before they could blink, the powerful wings of Cristoph, sprung him up into the air, with wound up momentum! The creature turned its head, to catch him in its teeth, but Cristoph acted quickly; grabbing, and using the creature’s neck, to swing around, and land upon its back. He stabbed Lormgil, right were his jaw met his throat, and the blood had been launched gushing.
	Cristoph clutched onto the beast as it squalled in pain, waving its head back and forth, in attempts to fling the pest off. He pulled his sword out of the neck, just to plunge it back in. Blood flowed like a fountain from the jugular; the beast that was once the magnificent Lake Guardian, was now agonizingly, choking on his blood, and bleeding to death. Lormgil took a last failing gasp for life, while tumbling down upon the lake shore; before he collapsed, Cristoph pulled out his sword, and heroically descended, returning to the ground by Helen and Angelus. Angelus drew Helen into his strong protecting embraces, while staring at the slain Lake Guardian…Lormgil.
	Silence and peace, rippled out from under the stiffening monster. Cristoph spoke his parting words to the fallen guardian. “You had good fight in you Lormgil… I will remember you, as the gentle, graceful Lake Guardian, you were well known to be… before.” Angelus sauntered up to the side of Cristoph, and stared at the lifeless creature, this Mydite Warrior had gazed at. “Yes, it was a good battle… but why did you not use the blasting ring of light, you used on those Laughing Dark Elves… you have other sorts of magic, you must, as well; why didn’t you use it?” Cristoph lowered his head, letting his eyes tunnel out over the surface of the lake, as he answered. “Lormgil was my good friend; he deserved the honor of a proper fight… if to die.” Angelus cast his eyes upon the black water, wearing deep equanimity upon his face; understanding the act carried out, was a result of the bond of friendship, he too well, recognized; he said no more. Angelus glanced at Cristoph, and then, ambled over to Helen; having a mindless conversation, superficial chatter, with Nox, about how horrific it would be, if Cristoph lost the battle, and Lormgil had come after them. 
	Cristoph drew his gaze away from the lake, and turned, facing them; a deep pain of loss, stirring within him. “We must be on our way...” What was the reason.....for all this chaos. Cristoph paced towards Angelus and Helen, and picked them up, gliding to the other side of the lake. He landed, standing them upon their feet, and once they regained their balance, they quickly followed Cristoph; who went striding off on ahead. 
	What was it… but astonishing, to wait for something, that would be inevitable; but wouldn’t make it to that point; always would be, but wouldn’t become. They continued on reckoning with this journey through the shadowy development of their spirits, pretending that there was a purpose to, a reason to. It’s an awful thing to have no reason or purpose, but it is so much more, an outright horror, to be aware of it; a decapitation of the spirit. After a while, there came a foul stench, rising in the air, the further they went. It was ignored, until it grew worse, and then, becoming unbearable. Helen covered her face, while Angelus exclaimed. “Aw sick… what is this disgusting stink?” Angelus coughed and covered his mouth. Cristoph enlightened. “There must have been a vast bloodbath, that has left a field of corpses, upwind of us; by the potency of the stench, we’re quite close!” Angelus and Helen, ran up, stopping in front of Cristoph, and forced him to cease his march. “Why would we want to be getting closer to it? Can’t we go in another direction?” Cristoph replied, aggravated. “We must go on, in this direction… there is no other way!” Cristoph stepped forward, and Angelus and Helen, moved out of his way; accepting this, while holding each other closely, covering their noses; they would have to stick this one out, and remain with him.
	The air grew thick with greenish fog, and the ground, urbanized a heavy mud. Walking nigh to Cristoph, who halted abruptly, Angelus and Helen, walked right into the back of his wings. “Be careful... Stay close…” Cristoph continued to tread on, and still just right behind him, they followed, protecting their breathing. It was almost too difficult to go on; beneath their feet, the ground had grown increasingly wet and mucky. 
	The fog began to separate, exposing a sea of thousands of decomposing creatures. One nearby, looked kind of like a bear, but its size was enormous, fur golden yellow, and head, having black horns, stained crimson. The beast’s legs had been ripped off, and scattered; ensuing to the pool of blood there, the decaying body, laid in. Not far, another putrefied creature, hugged to the earth; a huge sapphire worm, with four ivory horns, crowning the head. Split in half, the worm’s gaping mouth, revealed millions of sharp little needle teeth. 
	Thousands and thousands of all different kinds of creatures, that had faced different fates; bellies ripped out, bodies split in half, or heads, limbs, separated from their bodies; and various objects, used to impale, protruding from faces, chest, necks, abdomens. It was an awful, brutal, nauseous sight to see, things one could not imagine. It was grotesque.
	Helen hid her eyes; burying her face in Angelus’s chest. Angelus looked over the terrain further, then, to Cristoph. “Why is this happening…this war?” Cristoph lowered his head, this was another thing in his behavior, that he did humbly. He said with sadness in his words. “Many Creatures have died, and many have turned into Darkness. Eight hundred years ago, the Tree of Beginning, Life and Light, was destroyed. The balance between the Tree of Ending, Death and Dark, and the Tree of Beginning, Life and Light, has been destroyed along with it. Now the Darkness is taking over… and its winning. Our only chance, is if we find the Tree of Ending, Death and Dark, and destroy it. But it is feared, that if the Tree is destroyed, we, and the Forest, will no longer exist; but it doesn’t matter anyway, as far as I’m concerned…we’ll have nothing left of this place, in that, all the same.” Angelus stood silent for a moment, before replying. “Is that what you’re doing…looking for the Tree, to destroy it?” Cristoph didn’t answer, just said to end the subject. “We better get moving.” Then, he walked off, expecting Angelus and Helen to follow. Then charging to Cristoph, Angelus demanded. “Tell me! Are you looking for the Tree?” Cristoph said, trying to fight, the sorrowing dismay, which gleamed in his eye. “I was...but not anymore...” Cristoph walked passed Angelus, eyes lowered to the ground; watching the skin-winged angel, saunter off; Angelus waited for Helen to catch up. 
	“What’s the rush?” She said, after coming to a halt, taking a deep breath. Angelus kept his stare fixed upon Cristoph. “I asked him if he was searching for the tree, and he said he was, but not anymore! Helen… I think something terrible has happened to Cristoph. Helen replied. “Well… I’ll go ask him what’s happened. He’ll tell me.” Helen contended towards Cristoph, and Angelus held his hand out after her, as if to pull her back but failed. “No!” he hurried toward Cristoph as well. Helen slowed her sprint to a brisk walk, and, when she reached Cristoph’s side, she asked boldly. “What changed your mind about finding the Tree, to destroy it?” Cristoph answered vengefully. “Bougsmeith! He killed them... he killed them all!” As Angelus came up, pacing alongside of Helen, she questioned further. “Killed who?” Cristoph took a deep breath, and began telling his tale. “Three Mydite Warriors, and myself… set out on a mission to find the Tree of Ending, Death and Dark; and destroy it. But we were prevented from succeeding, by Bougsmeith! Bougsmeith is one of the Four Protectors of the Forest, but he has been infected by the Dark, and now, thrives to do evil. There are Four Protectors, with the powers, of each of the elements; Fire, Earth, Water and Air. The Protector, with the force of Fire, has the power to create fire, use it to burn, or melt earth, with liquid flame. The Protector with the force of Earth, controls the growth of the trees, plants, and the movement of the land. The Protector with the force of Water, has power over the streams, the lakes… the rivers. And the Protector with the force of Air, has the power to control the weather. But unlike the others, the Protector with the force of Earth, can shape shift, into anything of nature, any creature….and the Protector with the force of Earth, is Bougsmeith. Bougsmeith killed my three dearest fellow companions. When this monstrosity, of what was left of the Protector, slew Simoth and Grivak, then, had its way with Edmus. Injured Edmus, pleaded for me to flee; making me promise to find a way to save the Forest. While he held off Bougsmeith, I escaped… and Edmus died, not long after.” Angelus was stunned by all this, and professed with edginess. “There must be another way to destroy the Tree! Right?” Cristoph replied wearily. “No.” Stiffening…Angelus felt as if he stood in a line up, waiting to be butchered; Cristoph continued. “But there is another way to save the Forest!” Angelus and Helen beckoned for an answer, in heightened eagerness one after another. “How?” Cristoph answered. “The blood of the one, who destroyed the Tree of Beginning, Life and Light! We must spill their blood, where the Tree of Beginning use to be, to bring it back. So that all will be in correct function, and order, as it was before.” Angelus stated with haste. “Great! So where do we find this someone?” Cristoph sighed, and then, answered. “That’s just it. No one knows who destroyed the Tree.” Helen said, to add hopefulness to Cristoph’s heart. “We can find out whom… or at least we can try!” Cristoph gazed into the trees in front of them, and said. “Alas, we have searched and searched… but have found nothing. It’s as if whoever destroyed the Tree, had never existed.” 
Cristoph, Helen, Angelus, and also, Nox, curled up, sleeping under the collar of Helen’s jacket, all kept on proceeding through the foggy Forest; of which the rotting stench, had weakened, and then, departed.















Chapter 8

Back to Adrian and Elvia


	Adrian and Elvia came to the temple, of where Elvia was present last, before Astrid had disappeared. Elvia asked Adrian, as he descended, looking attentively at the rock, with red glowing engraved writings; studying the markings further. “Do you know what it says?” Adrian replied. “No, I’m just astounded! I’m no hieroglyphist, but I’ve never seen such markings!” Adrian, profoundly baffled by this place, flew to Elvia’s side, and scanned the entirety of the temple. Elvia dashed to the right of the structure. “Come on, let us go to the place I last saw Astrid!” Adrian, had one last, long, intrigued gathering, of the area around him. Silence. He hurried to Elvia, who waited impatiently. 
	The Forest sang an evocative, mocking melody, of Astrid’s company; as they neared the spot, of where she long ago sat. Elvia stared at the location, envisioning her; then looked away, unbearably from the guilt, and cried out.  “I’m sorry Astrid!” Adrian jolted in horror, at the unexpected vociferation, watching, while she wiped her eyes; discovering Adrian’s sudden fright, Elvia uttered apologetically. “I felt I had to say that, I didn’t mean to startle you, Adrian.” 
	It was distress… no… discomfort really; causing them both to quiver. A loud thunderous-blast; explosion; blared from above, in the sky. The ground shook, after a long distant and violent impact, followed by a crashing, and then a growing and increasing hum. A branch cracked overhead, falling to crush Adrian. Like a bat out of hell, Elvia grabbed him, just before the branch hit the ground; and would have dragged him through the air along with it; but he gathered his bearings, and flew with Elvia, to a log for cover! They crouched down, behind the rotting mildewed thing, just as the quaking stopped. Their little hearts pounded; they were completely out of breath. Adrian was overcome; amazed, yet in shock, by what might have happened to him, if it wasn’t for Elvia, being there for him; subsequently, he opened his mouth to speak, in great appreciation. “Elvia! You just saved my life! I could have died back there!” Adrian waited for Elvia to respond, after she caught her breath. “You’re welcome; just promise me, you’ll be more careful!” Adrian looked her intently in the eyes, as she spoke. Never before, had he noticed how large and perfectly green they were. He stared into them, and said tenderly. “Your eyes...they’re so beautiful!” Elvia scrutinized at Adrian, like he was a total idiot; she pushed him back, by the face, with all her strength. A near death experience, would make anyone compassionate, but not passionate… unless delirious, or unable to identify emotion to react properly. Adrian flew backwards through the air, thrown by the face, surprisingly! He flapped his wings, just in time, and prevented himself, from skidding on the ground. 
	Elvia stood up, flapping her wings, and started in the opposite direction, towards the root of all the commotion. She turned, when she realized Adrian wasn’t following, waving her hand, for him to come to her. He watched for a moment, as she continued on ahead, saying out loud to himself. “She’s strong! My face… again! What a remarkable woman…fairy...” Adrian didn’t understand, what was with his face, and being the primary target of assault, by these fairies. There must be something about his looks, that offends them… it must be a facial expression he makes, that doesn’t agree with them. 
	On the ground near the trees, sparking blue and black electricity, zapped at plants and branches, leaving them scorched, with holes burned through their leaves. Then, there it was; a giant and round object, far off in the distance, beckoning to them. They moved towards it cautiously, gazing at the sphere the entire time, and how the sheen of the surface, changed in the light, and produced the appearance, of having many colors. A sudden breeze blew on by, carrying the chill from the frozen substance, covering over the object; which was some abrasive black rippled pattern, frosted slightly, and dotted with bumps here and there; in odd, and different form, and size. 
	All the electric zapping, stopped, and the black ice, split apart. The hatching of this object, echoed, cracking through the Forest, in a tremendous wave of sound; and Elvia and Adrian, hid behind a bunch of bushy plants! 
	Bright light, peeked through the cracking dark ice, then as if thrown off by an explosion, the ice dispersed, flying through the air; revealing Astrid within; arms outstretched to both sides. It was a blurred glassy bubble, around her, that had now remained, but not for long... She turned her palms out to face the inside of the dome. It was a dark mystery, resolving in peace and serenity; the glassy matter of the ball, disintegrated evenly, and still, very pleasant was the atmosphere. The witch put down her arms, drawing her head up. She looked all around, in disbelief, and said to herself. “Is this the Forest, of where I escaped from the beast? It must be! But the Forest is older… much older! More time must have gone by, than I thought.” Elvia flew out from behind the plants, she had a sense of familiarity of Astrid, that would never change, or lose vigor, no matter how long it had been since she had seen her last. “Eight hundred years...” Astrid looked at Elvia with excitement. “Elvia! Is that really you? Though you haven’t aged one bit!” Elvia replied, observingly. “You haven’t either. The glass ball surrounding you, what sort of magic is that?” Astrid replied. “Well, when you left with that red stone, and told me to stay where I was, I listened... but then after a while, I heard something beyond the trees, in the direction you had gone. It was a huge wolf like beast, and it came at me! I ran for my life! But it wasn’t enough, and I had to use magic... I thought I had gotten away, but found it, jumping through the trees above me! I had to get myself out of this predicament, permanently. I then tried to work a spell I knew was beyond my ability, and it proved undeniably, to be just that; I tried to create a portal, which would take me to the edge of the forest, below the mountain, but, I wasn’t strong enough to pull it off. Instead, I used a spell, shooting me high into the air, and I landed off in a good and far distant part of the Forest… which would buy me some time, to bring into effect, the Time Sphere; my only option left of escaping the beast! I started performing the Time Sphere spell, and right before I finished, I saw the Beast, flying through the air towards me, his sharp claws out in a last effort to catch me. Those sharp claws…I was so afraid; I don’t think I have ever been more afraid! Luckily, the sphere vanished just in time. All I remember seeing, before I froze, was the continuous pattern of stars in darkness. I was unfreezing as the Time Sphere began to fall to Earth. Apparently I have been floating through space all this time…but anyway, when I landed, I awoke completely, and realized I obtained a sensation of power I never felt before, and now even still… I feel this invincible power, this potency surging through me. The Time Sphere is a resting spell. It regenerates your magic’s energy, and enhances it by ten. So I am now ten times stronger, ten times more in control of my magic… and ten times more capable, of keeping myself from going under the trance!” 
	Elvia turned her head, to the plant she previously hid behind, and said. “Adrian, come out of there! She’s not dangerous!” Adrian revealed himself, cautiously flying out from behind the plants, staring at Astrid the whole time. He came, and stopped beside Elvia. “Well a lot must have happened, since I’ve been frozen in the Time Sphere, so tell me, who is this… and what’s going on? Something tells me, you were searching for me... why?” Elvia replied, taking on the tone of compassion. “Astrid…when you were under the trance, you destroyed the Tree of Beginning, Life and Light… and because of that, the Tree of Ending, Death and Dark, is polluting the Forest. Creatures, who were once my friends, have been changed into Dark Creatures. There has been a war between us Creatures, and the Dark Creatures, for the last eight hundred years—” Astrid interrupted, irritably. “And what do I have to do with this?”
	“The Elder Forest Fairies sent Adrian, he was a human, he came here like you; they sent him and I, to find the one who destroyed the tree. Because, in order to save our Forest, we must spill your blood over the earth, where the Tree of Beginning use to be to bring it to life again!” Astrid responded with great distress. “I have to die…? For something I didn’t really intend? No. Sorry… but I’m not going to sacrifice myself, so you creatures, can have a happily ever after! But here, this is what I will do for you!” Astrid spoke a couple syllables, and a little glass container appeared in her hand. She cut her arm, and held the vial under the blood, streaming down from her broken flesh. She corked the glass container shut, and motioned her hand over her wound. Bluish, purple light, lit up her arm around the slice; and the wound was healed, as she commenced to hold out the vial to Elvia. “Take it. This is all I’ve debt to you… for our friendship.” Elvia flew up, within reach to Astrid, and grabbed hold of the vial. Astrid struggled a painful whisper farewell, and then disappeared; she enclosed in a flushing bright light, and then, the light dimmed and evanesced. 
	Elvia looked at the vial of blood, holding it with both hands; for it was half her size and a bit heavy. She descended to the ground, set it down, and set out to craft a means of transport, ripping loose bark from a cluster of fallen branches. Adrian watched her, and asked. “What are you doing that for?” Elvia, over explained, sarcastically, while still pulling on the bark. “I need this bark to make a rope, to tie at both ends of the vial.... so I can carry it back to the Elders!” She gave a strong tug on the bark, and clumsily fell back, with it in her soiled hands. “Success! I got it!” Elvia began to weave it into a rope, while literally, during that process, dashed to the vial lickety-split! Adrian never saw such time put to good use, and Elvia surely didn’t waste any. Her hands drew the bottle up, to lean on her abdomen for a moment; next split-second, she strained to attach the rope to the end, but the vial slipped, and fell backwards. Adrian hurried to her assistance, and held it back up, while she, this time, accomplished the task, and tied the rope around the top of the vial, tightly and securely. 
	“There… now let’s take it to the Elders!” As Elvia reached for, and snatched up the rope, Adrian carried out the same action. Ambushed, and overwhelmed, by his persistence to help, she found herself looking up into his eyes. 
	“I’ll carry it for you!”
	“Alright, but be careful!” 
	Adrian assured. “I will.” 
	He pulled the vial up a little above the ground, obtained a good grip on the rope, then, flew up and on ahead. Elvia watched him for an instant, and momentarily gave sequence, flapping her wings faster to follow. 
	Swish... swash! Went the thick crimson liquid, sealed in the vial, which grew heavier and heavier. What an awkward burden. Elvia thought. She watched Adrian tire, and switch it to the other hand, but unexpectedly, the rope slipped from out of his fingers! The bottle of Astrid’s blood, now fell through the air towards the ground, and Elvia, behind Adrian, immediately reacted in reflex! The vial was almost to the forest floor, when she had reached it, wings stressing to ascend, while ensnaring a tight grasp under the glass lip! She flew up in front of Adrian, exasperated, and out of breath. “If it was too heavy for you, you could have told me!” Adrian argued. “It wasn’t too heavy for me, I was simply changing hands!” Elvia responded with great agitation. “It was obviously too heavy for you, if you wanted to switch hands! But I think you just don’t want to admit it, because that would mean, I’m stronger, and more able to manage, than you!” Adrian said with irritation. “Hold on a minute... I wasn’t trying to show off, if that’s what you’re getting at!”
	 “Yes! Yes, that’s exactly what you were doing; showing off!” Conquered by her words, and knowing he would get nowhere in this argument; if that is even what it was, Adrian retreated. “Okay you’re right…if you want to carry the vial, you can...” Adrian flew passed Elvia, with his head drooping. Elvia flew up, blocking his way, and stopped him in his tracks. “I’m sorry Adrian…you said I was right…so why were you showing off?” Oh Adrian had about had it now, how he walked right into this one… he should have known, women were tricky… even when they were of another species than his own! Elvia said, flattering herself, with the affect she assumed she had on him. Adrian looked into her beautiful eyes, and answered. “I wasn’t showing off!” Those not being the words she wanted to hear; Elvia grew in temper, and raised her voice stubbornly. “Yes you were, and you just admitted to it, a while ago!” Adrian responded, trying so very hard to remain calm, as if it was an, oh, so… very difficult task. “I just said that, to get you off my case! But the real reason was... I just wanted to help you.” Adrian flew passed Elvia again, and watching him fly away, she reassessed to silence. She was giving him a hard time, in making a big deal of something, which was probably, just a simple act of his instinctive masculine nature; she flew up beside him, and asked gently. “Will you help me carry this?” Adrian looked at Elvia, and saw that she had tied another rope to the vial, gesturing for him to take it. But when he didn’t respond, she then, handed it to him. He took hold of the end, and said. “Yes, of course Elvia, I will.” As they passed by the temple, they both resumed to get along; flying together, holding firmly to the ropes. 

                                      
Chapter 9

Lithia and Jack


	Lithia led Jack through a bubbling marshland. Up to his ankles in slimy mud, he tried to keep up with her, until he found himself, stuck and unable to move his legs! 
	He jerked hard for his right leg to move, but it didn’t move, even the slightest. He then, looked to his left leg, and strained to lift. But, it was a useless effort as well! Jack screamed in alarm and desperation! “Lithia! Help me!”
	Lithia glanced back at Jack, discovering him to be up to his thighs in quicksand! She ran towards him, ripped a branch off a small dead tree on the way, and reached out for him quickly, exclaiming! “Grab on!” 
	Jack held onto the branch for dear life, as Lithia, pulled, and gradually began to yank, fighting against the stubborn quicksand! The brittle branch, snapped in the center, which threw Lithia back, by the sudden release of tension! Jack continued to cling to the other half, and dim-heartedly, sank back down, into the black earth that swallowed him up hungrily; half of his body, lost in the dark, murky pool.
	Lithia lied on the ground, all covered in mud when she spotted a giant tree, appearing, as if it was about to fall down, and then...she had an idea! Lithia jumped across the quicksand, leaping over Jack, and sped off towards the tree! She ran to the other side, opposite to the weak, and rotten part, and pushed it en route for the unfortunate skeptical; and, inevitably, it began to fall… and crashed over the pit, creating a makeshift bridge, over to the other side. The pool of black death, bubbled and blistered.
	Quickly, maneuvering up onto the fallen tree, Lithia ran to the focal point of it, knelt down, and reached her hand out to Jack, commanding. “Grab my hand!” Jack snatched her hand, and with all her might, she pulled; his body, slowly rising out of the dense quicksand. She jerked him on over, and next to her, onto the wide sapling lumber. Jack was saved, limbs almost pulled out of joint, but he was in no position to complain, he was alive. They lied there, aside each other, exhausted, breathing heavily...
	Completely occupied by the feat she had just succeeded, Lithia did not recognize, at first, there to be, a growing, irrepressible, and systematic, repeated pattern of movement; which had been brought to her attention, as an all too familiar sound. What was this sound...footsteps. The footsteps grew louder and louder, then came to a muffled stop.
	Jack and Lithia turned their heads up, to find an unmistakably manly figure, standing at the full extent end, of the fallen tree. They hastily rustled up upon their feet, and the full image of the stranger, was revealed. The figure was not just a man, but a spiritual being; believed to act as an attendant or messenger of God, a giant angel; but he was not alone. That was when Angelus and Helen came into view, and gathered up from behind this angel, to stand at each side of him. “I’m ill of mind! Angelus is that you?” Angelus turned his head, making direct eye contact, and reassured Jack. “Yes.” Jack Glanced at Helen, then returned his attention to the angel, inquiring. “What is he?” 
Cristoph answered for himself, for he was not an article of examination. “I am Cristoph, the Mydite Warrior! I’m assuming you were not told of me... a Mydite, is a dragon protector–” Cristoph shot his eyes from off Jack, and at Lithia, noticing, she was not just of the Cloud Clan, but someone he recognized all too well; and there she was, standing right there, in the flesh, before his eyes. He widened his sight, speaking in amazement. “It can’t be! You’re the Guardian of the Cloud Clan!!! The Queen of Forever… The Maiden of Madness! I thought you were lapidified, at the place of the Enchanted Sacred Stones; petrified into a living statue!” Lithia gave a sly smirk, and slowly closed in on him, running her index finger down his arm. “Did you miss me?” Those eyes... those eyes that were petrified, had now petrified him. She walked away playfully, back to Jack’s side. “So Jack, these are your friends you were looking for, and now you have found them!” Jack replied. “This is only Angelus and Helen! There are more! There’s my brother, Adrian, and the rest; Eric, Samantha, and Mark.” Helen broke the objecting news solemnly. “Mark is no longer with us.” Jack replied, precipitously surprised. “What do you mean?” Angelus explained. “He was turned over to the darkness, taken, and changed into a Dark Laughing Elf… well... that’s what they are called, according to Cristoph!” Cristoph corrected. “What I said, was, that they “were” Laughing Elves, but what to call them, after they have been polluted by the Dark; I would not know... it seems to make sense to call them Dark Laughing Elves; in result despite.” Jack held his head down, rubbing his eyes. They all stood silent, for the deep regret and wrong, committed to Mark. Then Jack exclaimed, shattering the moment. “Do you think the others could still be alive?” Angelus answered him grievously. “We don’t know… but let’s hope for the best...” 
	It was getting near nightfall. Complaining about their feet earlier, Cristoph carried Helen and Angelus, and Lithia carried Jack, until it was decided, that it’d be best, to stop for the night. 
Lithia began making a hut, just like the one she made for Jack before, and Cristoph helped; gathering the moss and branches, while she built the shelter.  
	He flew towards her, once again, with his arms full of moss, landing on the large branch. When she discovered his reappearing presence, Lithia stood up, wily striking a pose. “I’m finished, no need for any more!” He laid it down on the massive branch, of which they stood upon, and looked down at Jack, Angelus and Helen, on the ground far below. 
	Lithia jumped down from off the branch, with Cristoph following. He was fluttering his wings, to make a landing, by the time her feet met and compressed the ground; she walked over to Jack, who looked at her intuitively, of what to expect, and spoke, while yawning. “I know!” He stretched out his arms, rose up, and then, moved en-route to her. She held him like a baby, and leapt up into the tree, landing precisely on the branch, where the secured shelter had been, ready and waiting. Cristoph huddled up Angelus and Helen together, and zoomed up to Lithia, with his strong enduring wings. He wasn’t as quick as Lithia, but he could definitely outlast her, when it came to endurance. Cristoph let his mind wander back to when they played together as small children; he smiled fondly. Helen, Angelus and Jack, crawled inside the little lodging, and laid down to sleep, falling fast into slumber. Lithia had planned on standing watch all night, until Cristoph approached her, with a kind invitation. “I made a nest, while I had gathered moss and branches for you earlier. You’re welcome to share it with me, if you’d like!” Lithia replied, surprised. “How did you find the time?” Cristoph answered, in an unanticipated, gentle, mischievous manner; so unexpected, it caused her skin to tingle momentarily. “I have my ways.” 
	“Alright, yes! I would like to share your nest! ”Cristoph took hold of her hand firmly, but not too tightly, for he remembered, she never liked to be led too forcefully, by a male of any sort. He jumped into the air, gliding to the next branch up, and that guidance, was enough for Lithia to take note of, with her exceptional abilities, and sense; she bounced up with him, in reflex, complimenting his movement, predicting his next move. He landed gracefully, in a large bowl of moss, releasing Lithia from his hold, so sensually, it was as if he was releasing her from an enchantment; a spell, he had cast on her, using no magic, other than his magical charm. A charm that any female, or anyone in that regards, would have to be a fool not pick up on. It was so natural for him as well, for how angelic he was, couldn’t tell when he did it knowingly or unknowingly; but he fit the part perfectly. She observed how he definitely, somehow, found a way to take his time, to build the nest; the weaving, was very neat and intricately put together. Admiring further, the carefully woven moss mattresses; Cristoph asked her. “Which one do you desire?” Lithia replied, barely suspicious, and on the most part, grateful. “You, certainly must have known, I was going to be, oh so, willing to share your nest; I’ll take this one!” Lithia plopped down on the nearest of the two, and fell into slumber comfortably. Cristoph looked at her, chuckled a little, and then, went over, lying down on the second. 
	 Cristoph woke, and found, that Lithia, was sitting on the edge of the nest, chin resting on both hands, watching him sleep. Cristoph rose up, and her eyes followed with his movement, as he stood, and straightened out. The sun, streaming through his locks, brought an awareness to Lithia. His hair appeared, just how it did, the following day; perfect, without even the slightest flaw. Strange how she never noticed, this God like characteristic about him. “You sleep so peacefully!” Cristoph looked at her amusingly. “Unless you were expecting me to have nightmares; is there another way one can sleep?” Lithia giggled, then smiled, and then, stood upright and said, passing him. “Well… after all, you are a sort of angel...it’s only natural to be normal to you.” Lithia jumped down to the next branch below, and walked towards the hut, tightly bound to the tree with vine like ropes, she had twined together ever so skillfully; as was everything she did. Angelus, and then, Helen, had awakened to the thumping approach of Lithia’s glossy Quinrylack leather boots. She pulled back the draping organic curtain, causing Angelus, and Helen, to block the sunlight in response; but they drew their arms down, for the light pouring into the moss hut, proved to be subtle. It was a misty morning, and the diminutive amount of sky you could see, was overcast, leaving most of the trees dressed in shadows. Jack grumbled, and rolled back and forth, as Angelus nudged him. “Wake up Jack!” 
	Lithia grabbed Jack’s leg, uprooting him from his slumber, and held him upside-down, dangling in midair. Jack opened his eyes, screaming, as becoming conscious, for the first time, of how far they had been from the ground. What a way to wake up! He dangled from Lithia’s grasp, whimpering. “Okay! I’m awake! Please put me down!” Lithia lowered him to the branch, and he clung to it, for dear life, lying flat, as soon as Lithia let go. 
	Angelus and Helen, who were inside the hut, investigated their bags for food, but found their rations were diminished. Lithia bent down, to peer into the hut. “Are you coming out?” Nox woke up and started moving under Helen’s jacket, to find his way out. He stretched out his little dragon arms and said. “I’m still a bit tired though.” Helen and Angelus both quickened to exit. “Yes we’re coming out!” For they feared being dragged out as well!
	“We have nothing left to eat!” 
Helen added. “Yeah! And I’m so weak, I won’t be able to walk without something to eat.” 
	Jack unzipped his pack, seeing that his food had depleted also. “I don’t have any food left either!” Cristoph landed on the branch, right behind Jack, as Jack announced. “I’m so hungry, I could eat a dragon!” Cristoph brought solution instantly. “I’ll get you some food!” Lithia, then said to him. “Oh no you won’t, I’ll get them something to eat, while you stay here and protect them!” Lithia jumped down swiftly from the tree, and started running off, shouting back to them. “I’ll be right back!” Cristoph sighed under his breath. “Stubborn brat-queen…”  
	The day wasn’t going to get any brighter; the massiveness of nature’s branching structures, did an excellent job of helping at that. Some trees were so close to one another, angled in such a way, patches of sheer darkness tricked Lithia, in making her believe, it was still night, and surely, the light, pouring through the branches, cradling Cristoph, Jack, Angelus and Helen afar back, had been nothing more than intensified moonlight. But, splashing through a puddle, coming back into the morning’s glow, the truth of day was reassured. 
	And it was there, where she had found what she was looking for; something edible. A bush, decorated in lustrous berries; plump, round, purple, mouth-watering delights; yellowed, where the plant met the juicy delicacies. Just as she slipped out a knife to relieve a great load of decadence from the plant, she heard a deep profound growling from behind her. Body perfectly still, she moved her eyes, to determine how close the source of the growling had been to her. She obtained it was a mud dragon, and it was too close to contribute to comfort; typical, considering the puddles, spread out around the area. 
	Followed by a loud, but low wailing, a great deal of folded claws, crashed down to crush her! She quickly sprung up, becoming airborne, haphazardly, evading the blow, and athletically caught hold of an extending branch. She swung around once, let go, and went shooting up into the air like a bullet! Immediately, she had somersaulted and unfolded above the dragon, and landed onto the muddy beast’s back; before he even knew what happened. It was then, when she understood why the mud dragon attacked her; it was a Dark Creature! She acted fast, driving her sword into its brain. The Mud Dragon collapsed, while she leapt to the ground. The steel blue reptilian eyes, remained open, though the thing was surely dead. Impulsively, Lithia walked over to the bushel of berries, ripping half of it off, while with the other hand, she grabbed hold of one of the dragon’s white horns, and dragged it back to the tree, of safe haven; where the growling stomachs waited.  
 	Cristoph, paced back and forth, the length of the tree branch. He kept a sharp eye out for danger, while also, watching for Lithia’s return. Then, at that time, a sudden, all too strangely familiar sound, had crept to his earshot; a far-afield dragging! They looked up, to see where it had been coming from, but none of them could see a thing, in the pure, seemingly evil infested, darkness; in the very forefront of space and time, for all they knew. Angelus took Helen’s shaking hand. The tantalizing sound of dragging continued; and they waited in anticipation. It was more than poignant; then, coming into view, as if they were all blind for a time, and now had perfect vision, allowing them to see; they spotted Lithia far off, as clear, and as real, as ever; yet, they couldn’t make out what the burden, was she had been dragging. It wasn’t that they couldn’t see it, it was foreign, just all around no recognition, on the most part; they couldn’t compare it to anything. It was undeniable, and no mystery, that Cristoph would be the first to recognize what it was exactly. As soon as he figured it out, he brought enlightenment to the confusion, feeding their wandering minds. “She’s dragging a Mud Dragon!” 
	Jack stood up with a gaping mouth. “How can you tell? It could be something else.” Cristoph looked at Jack, and then, looked back at Lithia, while, very gargoyle like, scratched his shoulder with his wing. “I know it’s a Mud Dragon, because of its unmistakable and unique white horns… if you inspect closely, they are in high-set degree… unlike any other creature. Look, you see; hard to miss!” Jack squinted to perceive and understand, what he had meant, about the horns, and said. “Yes! But barely!” 
	“We are eating dragon... Lithia is bringing a dragon for us to eat?” Cristoph detected oddness to Helen’s question. Her voice cracked, and the question wasn’t directed in a way, where it sounded like, she had been seeking an answer; but Cristoph, was ready to hand out information, always. Though he wasn’t quite akin to the ways of humans, hadn’t been around too many, for too long... though, nothing need be said here. Helen was on the segment, of a whole, just meaning to be humorous a thing, and it was clarified, when, shortly after… she said, with a signified chuckle. “Why, I am not surprised.”
	Should he confirm regardless, when the answer was so vividly in front of them, might as well had been shouted from the tree tops. Cristoph snickered a little. No. To be as alert and aware as possible, was the most important thing, no more pondering in his thoughts. They all agreed on that, by their actions, intentional, or, unintentional. In a state of shock, how could one sit back and converse. They would have to be raving lunatics, to deal with this, and all that has led up to this point, so nonchalantly. They were starved; Lithia was bringing a solution to the problem, and living in the moment wasn’t just important, but mandatory; for the next few seconds, even, could be their last.
	“What does dragon meat taste like?” Cristoph answered. “It has a mildly sweet and salty succulent flavor, with tenderness of the flesh, that falls apart in your mouth!” Helen’s mouth began to water, and she became more aware of how hungry she really was. 
	“Does it taste more like beef or chicken?”
	“Beef? Chicken? What are these?” 
	In mockery of the way Cristoph articulated himself, Helen replied. “Chicken is a fowl, and beef is a ruminant.” 	
	“I’ve never heard of such creatures! I’m sorry... I can not tell you which one tastes most like dragon.” 
	Jack deviated to Cristoph, as he finished talking, and then, passed a glance across Helen and Angelus. Something put him on nerve; just as he was looking away, he darted wild-eyes back immediately, and shouted with extremity to his voice. “What is that thing on your shoulder?” Helen showed no disturbance. “Oh! This is Nox. I rescued him.” She stopped to snicker a bit, and then, continued. “He’s been on my shoulder ever since.” Expecting the worst of a thing, to blaze a path through hellish horror, then, only to be proven wrong... dead-wrong, is something one would have to experience, to know what it’s actually like; and right now, Jack had been set straight, and it was getting to him. “So he’s friendly?” Helen answered. “Yes… he is quite friendly!” 
	“Can I have a look at him.” Jack said, holding out his hands, for the little specimen.
“Yes, if it’s okay with Nox!” 
Jack slowly reached out his hands closer, but just as he was doing so, Nox had startled Jack with such a retort. “No! Don’t touch me!” Jumpy to the supernatural of a talking dragon, yes, it was really getting to him; he lost his balance, and fell down upon the branch, screaming in panic; Helen thought him to be a little too hysterical, as he almost slid off! Luckily, Cristoph grabbed his arm, and pulled him back up! Jack looked at Nox, with surprise, then, looked away, and said no more.
Lithia stopped at the bottom of the tree. “Here’s your sustenance! Bring them down here Cristoph, I’ll start the fire.” Lithia wasted no time; she left the dragon, lying at the base of the tree, and strode off, collecting kindling, and piling it up. When done with that task, she found two good sized logs, and set them aside, pulling flintstone out of her pocket, to strike them together. Cristoph landed with Angelus, Helen and Jack, and as soon as he did, they curiously neared closer to the dead dragon. Heat radiated from the body. Cristoph wandered over by Lithia, who was trying to get her fire setting lit. Cristoph had something else in mind, regarding lighting the fire. A light grew and emanated from Cristoph’s arms, covering over a pale liquid flame, and the fire started, blazing beautifully; it was a brilliant sight; the light surfing over his rolling muscles, crashed down, like a wave, and disappeared! Lithia turned her head to Cristoph, and gave a sly smile. She arose, pulled her knife out, and walked over to the dragon, carving a chunk of flesh out of the leg. Cristoph soon joined Lithia with five strong sticks, and said. “Come here you three, and take a tool!” Angelus looked at Helen, and gestured for her to be the first to get a spear, from Cristoph. Angelus then, got his, and Jack came up after them, and took one, as well, as Lithia stabbed the meat on each end of the points.
	Walking over to the fire, Helen humorously, said to Angelus, alongside of her. “Did you ever think you’d have to eat dragon meat?” She chuckled, and nudged him, and then, he replied. “Yes! In fact, it’s been my life’s dream!” Nox moved close to Helen’s ear, and said. “I can’t eat dragon! But I need to eat too!” Lithia, who was piercing a chunk of meat on Jack’s stick, looked at Nox on Helen’s shoulder, and shouted to Helen. “I picked some berries, if you want some of them with your meat.” Helen replied. “Great! I’ll take some!” Lithia went on the other side of the dragon, and grabbed a bush full of berries. She walked swiftly to Helen and Angelus, who were halfway to the fire, and handed it to her. Lithia looked at Nox, smirked mysteriously, and then, walked back towards Cristoph, who had been getting messy with the food preparations. 
	How peaceful these events of the present were; much like a normal camping vacation, and interestingly enough, they had not been interrupted by any other beasts or creatures. The scent of dragon’s blood, must be keeping them away; but having the ruthlessness, and rabid temperament, of the Dark Creatures, it wouldn’t matter; those things would attack, and without having reason to. This really was a horrible place to be… this Forest... 
	Jack passed Lithia and headed to the fire, where Angelus and Helen were, roasting their breakfast. Lithia walked up to Cristoph, and said, with a chuckle. “Nox is going to love those berries!” Cristoph replied. “Yes he will!” Lithia stabbed her chunk of meat, onto the end of her makeshift utensil, and started towards the fire. Cristoph followed not far behind, then, came up beside her, and asked. “Why did you… why did you turn yourself into stone?” She looked at him sincerely, and said. “I felt I had nothing left! But then, when Jack came along, I was needed… I knew I had to help him. For the crisis of which I felt in his troubled heart, made me remember the pain… of which I feel… I could never rest, knowing I didn’t help this poor man, who undoubtedly, and desperately, needed my help.” Cristoph looked into her eyes with cheerfulness. “You have such a big heart Lithia, I’m proud of you.”	
They came to join the others. Lithia went to Jack’s side, and Cristoph stayed, and stood by Angelus, both holding their breakfast over the fire, at the same time. Helen pulled her stick out of the fire. The meat was well cooked, and it smelled divine. 
	“Mmm, I can’t wait to try it!” Cristoph suggested wisely. “You better wait for it to cool.” 	
Angelus took his out, and said to Helen, after taking a short look around. “You want to come with me, to sit over on that log, while we wait for it to cool?” Helen replied eagerly. “Of course!” Helen followed Angelus, with Nox, eating berries on her shoulder. They sat down on the log, and Angelus said to her, teasing. “So what do you think of our first date?” Helen bent over and laughed; he slightly smiled, as he handled his meat, testing the temperature. It was fairly cooled on the surface. Angelus ripped a small piece off, and held it up, to inspect it.
	“Here, you try it first!”
	“What…? Are you afraid?”
	“No! I’m just being a gentleman, and letting you try it first.” Helen tilted her head back, obnoxiously, and opened her mouth; and Angelus placed the morsel in her mouth amused. Her mood changed; she was flabbergasted. Helen closed her eyes, as she began to chew, and mumbled. “Mmmmm! This is so good!” Angelus broke off another piece, and put it in his mouth, and it was so delicious, that he too joined Helen in mumbling. “Wow! Mmmmmm… it’s magnificent!” It was unlike anything they’ve ever tasted; and the flavor so rich, yes, the best they ever had; they acted like savages, gobbling up their morsels.
	Jack watched Helen and Angelus, eating, and couldn’t wait till he tried a piece himself. The grease from the meat, dripped on the fire, and sizzled. Jack gloated at his, as it became ready to eat, and walked over to sit with Helen and Angelus. Helen and Angelus, were talking, finishing up the rest of their breakfast, until they saw that Jack, had been approaching them. They stopped talking, but continued to eat. Jack sat down in between them, and immediately, jammed his face into the meat, taking a huge bite! But as soon as the meat was in his mouth, he spit it out and yelled. “Ah! Man, burned my tongue!” Jack took deep breaths, with his mouth widely open; and waited for his meat to cool, before making another attempt to consume the tantalizing tastiness. 
	Cristoph and Lithia were still holding theirs over the fire, while slowly rotating every once in a while, so the meat cooked evenly. Lithia looked over to Cristoph and asked gently. “Where is your dragon Dolmel?” Cristoph bowed his head. “Dolmel and I, had come into the clutches of a Dark Dragon, after fleeing from battle. The dragon had its bite on Dolmel’s head, and would have killed her, if I didn’t do something quick! I stabbed the Dark Dragon in the heart, but as I did, the Dragon’s mouth flexed and closed tighter on Dolmel’s head. Her skull was crushed, and there was nothing I could have done to save her... She was gone…” 
	Lithia put her hand under his chin, and lifted his face, turning it to hers, and looked into his eyes, authentically meaningful. “I don’t want to see you sobbing about it any further. She is gone, and she’s not coming back... so avenge her death… by destroying the Darkness once and for all! We are going to the Tree of Ending, Death and Dark!” 
	Had his ears deceived him! Cristoph was astounded, at Lithia’s command, of their next coordinates... the Tree of Ending! He didn’t expect this, it caught him off guard, whiplashed his knowing-Lithia-all-too-well completely. He thought differently of her now. He saw her as a fearless warrior! He stood up, straight and tall, and said proudly, pounding his right fist to his chest. “Yes. We shall go back and destroy the Tree! And to avoid Bougsmeith… we will go around the marsh!” Lithia laid her stick down, tilted up from the dirt on a rock, and went over to the tree and began to weave a moss bag, and strap, to put over her shoulder. She, then, plucked off ten of the tree’s large leaves, and laid them in the bottom of the bag. She walked back to Cristoph and set the bag down, then, picked up her shish-kabob, sat on the rock and ate. 
	Cristoph sat down to eat as well. He hadn’t regretted anything that had changed... and changed him... and changed Lithia. Along with all the good and the bad, he liked this; he ignored the bigger picture, for he would have chosen to never go back, even to a happier time… even if all he had to do, was, say a magic word. Yes, things were different now, but sitting with Lithia there, at that moment, he knew he could learn to let go, and move on.
	At late morning, after Lithia carved more steaks off the dragon, cooked them, wrapped them in leaves, and put them in the moss woven bag; she made known to Angelus, Jack and Helen, her intentions in Destroying the Dark Side for good, and they strongly agreed with ultimate understanding. They set out on this new quest; Cristoph, Lithia, Jack, Helen and Angelus. And so they walked out, headed to the edge of the swamp, on their way to the Tree of Ending, Death and Dark.






























Chapter 10

Astrid


	In a dark shadow, embraced, by a haunted mystery of an obscure nature; in the forest, where a shallow fog, drifted over the ground; Astrid’s portal opened. She walked out with an elegant, enigmatic, tranquility to her movement. 
	Her eyes turned violet, and her vision enhanced. She scanned the far off distance, as if she had been looking through binoculars. She stumbled, upon view of something; two creatures, slashing at each other in a fight. They both were identical, except one gave off an aura of evil, which bothered Astrid’s sense indefinitely. She watched, as the devil of a creature, knocked the other over, and pinned it down, scratching at its throat, with constant blows from left and right, until it bled out. How vulgar and barbaric. 
	She took a look in another direction, and saw three bulky bodied creatures, that appeared to be a combination of a bear and a cat, with an ivory horn, adorning each of their foreheads. 
	They had come together and ambushed a dragon, that was many different shades of green, with intense neon-yellow eyes. On both the dragon’s horns, there were hundreds of small jagged hooks; like how thorns are on the stem of a rose.
	The great reptile swung its head to one side, then, slammed back at one of the creature’s that came jumping through the air, crazed, reeking with evil!
	The serrated horns, pierced and burrowed, into the immense creature, and the dragon tossed the creature off, in the other direction. It flew aerial, smashing head first into a tree, with such an organic bone crushing sound, it was almost too grotesque to mentally process. The dead body slid down the trunk, leaving a generous amount of blood, trailing behind, as the other two of the remaining Dark Creatures, jumped at the great dragon!
	One of the beastly creatures, clung onto the dragon’s front shoulder with its cat like claws, and drove its sharp, pointed horn, into the hard scaled-armor; penetrating through its bicep. The dragon roared loudly, as the other creature, slashed its claws across the dragon’s chest.
	She had seen enough. Astrid couldn’t just stand by and watch, as these brutal beasts, destroy such a beautiful creature. 
	She took off, running towards the dragon, while she whispered the same agility spell, as she did, those eight hundred years ago. She came up next to the creature, that slashed the dragon’s chest, with amazing speed and dexterity. 
	Her hand moved up so fast, the creature hadn’t even known she was there! She positioned herself, palm aimed to the thick-furred creature, and blasted the beast far back, with a golden white, fiery blazing light. An intense heat blew back at her, manipulating her hair. It was hot enough to leave burns on her face, but she was left untouched by it. The creature had turned into ashes, just before it met the large boulder, in its path; it was sent as a ball of burning fire, through the air; the heat had to be of great degrees, in order to pull off something like that. She moved to the other side of the dragon, where the other creature was tearing up the flesh with its horn, from the dragon’s arm. She ripped it away, once and for all, and tossed it off, towards the same huge boulder as the other.
	The dragon flexed its muscles and roared, adrenaline rushing through its veins! The blood poured out of the wound; it was bad; and if Astrid didn’t do something quick, the dragon would indeed bleed to death. With all the squirming and wailing, of the inured leviathan, she would not be very successful.
	Astrid had to put the dragon to sleep to work on it. She pointed out her finger in front of its snout, and a glittery powder, sparkled down from above it. The dragon’s breathing, grew very heavy, and the limbs, bracing it from collapsing, shook and weakened underneath it. The majestic creature... a fallen titan.... what wretched beasts; they might have just about done the titan in, leaving this powerful, yet purely graceful creature, in this critical condition. The dragon breathed in the powder, and became drowsy. It swayed back and forth, as the magic dust, had loosened its limbs, and colored its dreamland. It gave out a moan of submittance, while it had still been conscience of the pain; and then, it fell to the ground. The bleeding slowed, and it was at rest; surely sedated sufficiently. Astrid ascended in the thin air, up onto the scaly body, and knelt down by the dragon’s, gouged, and torn limb; she gently put her hand over the wound. A bluish purple light, streamed into the injury, and rebuilt new flesh and scales. The wound was closing up, as she moved and drifted down, to the dragon’s chest. She held out her hand, and the same bluish purple light, streamed into all of the other wounds, slashes, marks, and bruises that plagued the dragon; all at once, the wounds were healed; now, she would wait for the dragon to wake. Hours passed, it grew dark; Astrid laid by a tree in front of the dragon, and fell into dreamland as well.

	No sunlight... but it was the next morning. Astrid woke and saw, that the dragon, had still been fast asleep. She watched over the great creature, curled up peacefully, and did not wake it; no, she let the dragon sleep, and waited for it to awaken naturally; when it was ready. 
	Later, but not much later, the dragon opened its eyes, to find Astrid there, looking back. The dragon rose up on its feet, and in a quite elegant voice, it spoke to her. “I’ve never seen you in the Forest before! The elegant voice was female. Where did you come from?” Astrid replied, not changing her assertion or behavior, or altering her gaze; she continued to look back into the dragon’s eyes, as it still, had stared back at her curiously. “You’ve never seen me before, because I came from far below the mountain.” The dragon’s eyes fluttered in surprise. “It is forbidden to go passed the border trees of the Forest… for it is feared, that our existence will be revealed again.” 
	“Again? What do you mean again?” 
	The dragon answered. “A long time ago, long before the Tree of Beginning, Life and Light, was destroyed. Way back to the birth of it all... there were two humans, which walk this Forest. They were created by a divine entity. Only the Four Protectors know, and have seen the Creator. The rest of us, know him as the Secret. In the Beginning, the Secret created the Earth, along with every living thing. The world was covered in a beautiful Forest as far as the eye could see. The Secret, loved his creation so much, but he wanted man, who was created in his image, to love him back. So he created two trees, with magical powers, the Tree of Beginning, Life and Light, and the Tree of Ending, Death and Dark. He told the two humans of those Trees, and then, told them that they could not eat of the Tree of Ending, Death and Dark; but they could eat of the Tree of Beginning, Life and Light. The woman found the Tree of Ending, Death and Dark, and ate of its forbidden fruit. As the fruit touched her lips, she found herself naked, and was aware of evil. Then the man came to her… he saw that she ate of the Tree of Ending, Death and Dark. He didn’t think anything odd, and he did not yet possess the knowledge of evil. She had deceived him… tricking him; persuaded him to eat from the Tree as well; and then he did eat of the Tree. Once the fruit touched his lips, he also found himself naked! The Creator knew of the wrong that they had done, but before the Creator punished them, the Creator wanted to see if they loved the one that gave them life; enough to tell this one the honest truth. So the Secret asked them, why they saw themselves as naked, but the man just blamed the woman, and the woman gave her Creator a sad excuse, saying that the fruit looked so pleasing to the eye, and her mouth watered to know of it, and its taste. The Secret was furious, so it created a land of desolation, hard ground and death. The Creator cast them out upon it, cursing them with pain and suffering, telling them that they would no longer know a world to be magical. The Creator told them they would have to till the ground, and plant it, in order to produce food for themselves. This was the punishment for their betrayal. The Secret, then, created animals for them to eat, and use to work the ground, and for other hard labor. The Creator never abandoned them though. The Creator, was still always there for them...  After that; the Creator hid the Forest from them on the top of a mountain, and told the Creatures, which lived in it, that they would feel the curse of pain and death also, but their years would be longer, than the humans. The Creator, then, told the Four Protectors, that they were to be in charge of the Forest; and in charge of keeping the laws, of which were given them to follow. The Four Protectors, wrote the laws on the front stone of each one of their temples, so the Creatures in all areas of the Forest, would be informed of them, and follow the law as well. I’ve read the laws at the Temple of the Protector with the force of Earth. They are: Thou shall put no other before me… Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image… Thou shalt not speak of your Creator in vain, Remember the seventh day, and keep it holy, Honor thy Elders, Thou shall kill, only if to eat, or to protect thy life… Thou shalt not commit adultery, or lust after another’s mate, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor, and thou shalt not covet… These same laws, were given to the humans, but that was some time after, and well, the answer to your question is quite simple, really. We use to roam free all over the mountain, wherever we chose to wander, and, naturally, humans came in contact with us… they have a broad sense of adventure that needs to be satisfied… and spread tales of what they uncovered.... of magical Creatures. Humans have always had an aroused, hungering curiosity, as well. It was only a matter of time, before one of them would stumble upon, and discover, the home of these magical Creatures. The Four Protectors, then, made it forbidden for us to leave the Forest… when finally a human man found it. The first man, who found the Forest, ran away, left and was never seen again. After that occurrence, any human that entered the Forest, would not be allowed to leave the Forest… they would remain, to live out their lives as one of the Creatures! In other words; they would be turned into Creatures, by using an enchanted crystal, which, from then on, were given to all of the Elders, all around the Forest, so that they could execute the process. The Crystal turns a human into the same kind, as which, the Creature that possesses the crystal, is; and it will be a permanent transformation, after three days’ time. If the human does not want to be the Creature it is transformed into… or if they make known, out loud, that they do not want to be the Creature they have been turned into... then, it changes them back into a human. When that happens… we tell them they must pick another Creature, or be killed, for the safety of the Forest… and keeping it hidden. None of them, so far, have chosen death.”
	Astrid told the dragon that she was a witch. She also told her, that she was a rare kind of witch. The dragon didn’t know quite how to react, or what to make of this. “So… you say you are a Trance Witch… but you came from below the mountain? You must be human.” Astrid stood up and spoke slowly. “I’m not baffled by your story! I understand perfectly what you’re getting at, what you’re implying! You want me to be turned into a Creature of this Forest; and of course, you’re an Elder, if I may add; it’s no mystery, that you are all knowing and wise of things long ago, you were alive for a long time, dragon, weren’t you... so you are to change me into you? Am I right?” The dragon lifted her head high. “During this war between the Dark Side and the Light Side, my priorities have changed; and you prove to be more useful as a witch, rather than a dragon! We’re all fighting the Darkness! Not patrolling for humans... If the Dark Side takes over the Forest.... then, the world you know, and were born of, will be corrupted as well!” Astrid replied. “So you’re not going to change me into a dragon?” The Dragon looked at her, and said, with a screaming air, blowing from her mouth. “I’m not just any dragon, I’m the Dragon Queen.” 
	Astrid responded, unimpressed. “Queen Dragon? You’ve got to be joking! You can’t even defend yourself, properly, in a fight with three beasts!” The dragon lowered her eyes from Astrid, and then, looked back at her. “Those aren’t just beasts… they are Dark Creatures… they were of a kind called Dirids before. I fought, battling alongside my fellow kin, two other dragons! These dragons were some of the oldest companions I had. We stood our ground no matter what, fighting against hundreds and hundreds of Dark Creatures, but they just kept coming and coming… and we had become worn, and rundown. We fought and fought, victory nearing… there were only ten more. Six Dirids, two Homkeps, and two Forstiens. Lirrac, of the red dragons, flew over both of the Homkeps, blowing fire at them, until burned up completely! Dostis went for the two Forstiens. He flew over, and blasted ice, and froze them… then, landed and broke them into thousands of little pieces; by whacking each one of them, with the ball end of his tail. The six Dirids where coming straight at me… for I was the weak link, too weak to fly... Lirrac came to protect me, landing in front of me to fend them off. She blew a rolling fire at them… but they scattered to each side, dodging her blast, and jumped at her… sliced her… bit her, and stabbed her, tearing her apart. I rammed one of them and tossed the thing off her. But there wasn’t much I could do, and then, Dostis came to help. He couldn’t use his blasting ice, and I couldn’t use my solar blowout, for we would destroy Lirrac along with the Dirids! One of them jumped onto Dostis’s neck, as he came to our defense. The Creature brutally sliced at his throat, and he was struggling to pull it off. I was angered greatly, that these big dumb Dirids, might kill my fellow dragons. I pulled the Dirid off Lirrac’s back; the thing had its claws pierced deep into her flesh, and it ripped up chunks of her along with it. I held it by the horn, and then, smashed its body on the ground from side to side, as another one of them, leaped off of Lirrac, and onto me. I used the one I was holding by the horn… to knock the other off my back. I crushed the Dirid, with the half dead thing, I was holding. I beat it and beat it, until its eyes popped out… and its fur covered skin, broke open. Lirrac wasn’t doing too good… she fell down, and the two Dirids, crouched low, and began creeping up to me. I saw the one on Dostis’s neck, slice his jugular vein, and watched him hit the dirt, as his blood flowed out of his esophagus. I ran, as the three were coming for me! I knew I might die, if I didn’t do something quick. I was way too weak to fly, and barely even strong enough to run! But I knew if I faced them… it would be my end. The Forest grew thick with trees and life, in despite of all the death, I struggled on. I tripped, and then, that was it… they had me, and when they began to attack… you saved me! Why...?” Astrid answered. “I saved you, because I couldn’t watch you die. I couldn’t bare the sight of such a beautiful creature, being destroyed, right in front of me.” The queen dragon lowered her snout to Astrid. “I can never thank you enough... but, I am more, than sincerely grateful... what are you called, your title?” Astrid choked back remorseful tears. “I’m Astrid! What’s your name?” The dragon raised her head up slightly, and said, with steady eyes. “I’m Tesmorlah.” Astrid looked up at the ancient and majestic Creature. Tesmorlah peered off into the distance, as if she was as far away, as her point of focus. She stared off in silence, and then, turned her head in awareness. “A terrible thing is about to happen! I can sense it… in this direction! I must go!” Tesmorlah started to flap her wings, then, jumped up into the air, as Astrid caught hold of her leg. “I’ll come with you, and help fight!” Tesmorlah, then, took off, flying above the trees. 
	A witch and a dragon, joining forces. This was a very rare thing to take event, in this Forest. But with such telling times, there wasn’t much of a reason to keep to the rules now. No. There might not soon be anything left to keep secret.
	Tesmorlah thanked her. “I would be most honored, if you’d fight by my side!” Astrid climbed up Tesmorlah, and lifted onto her back, as they were now well on their way, to whatever troubles lie ahead; trouble… it would clearly be. Higher and higher she flew, scouting out for anything below. The change of the temperature, as they descended, brought on a sudden chill to Astrid, with a shiver; and then, they heard a screech from out of the darkness, and went down to see what it was. They saw there to be a blue, silver-scaled, giant lizard; aggressively running, either away from something, or after something!
	“A Garbire! I can’t believe it!” Astrid watched the Creature. “What is so unbelievable about it?” Tesmorlah landed on a low branch. “Garbires are one of the most powerful Creatures! And there aren’t many of them… so it is a very rare thing, when you see one!”
	“Well! What are we waiting for? Let’s go!” Tesmorlah jumped up, above the trees, from the thick branch she had perched on. She flew in the direction, which the Garbire had gone. Astrid spotted the Creature’s blue and silver body, moving beneath the tree. “There it is.” 
	Tesmorlah dove downward, and landed, ten yards in front of it. The Garbire saw Tesmorlah, but kept on running, and shouted in a doubled voice. “Get out of my way!” Tesmorlah jumped up from off the ground, and the Garbire, just barely missed, ramming into her. The great lizard, aggressively rushed through the Forest, and did so, carelessly as well. “Let’s follow her!” Tesmorlah, anxiously jumped up, and flew on, after the Garbire. They caught up to her, and were in the air straight above her; but she didn’t seem to notice, this time. The Garbire kept going and going, and far off, in front of them, there was the very unwelcoming sound, of many roaring Creatures, whipping movements, and breaking of branches! 
	There was sure, something, this Garbire had been single-minded about. She jumped over a thick overgrown bunch of thorns and bushes, ready to tear something apart! She landed on a giant canine beast, that had a head, at each end of its muscle-massed body. She clung onto the Dark Creature, off-centered, and crushed its spine, while two other of these unpolluted Creatures, fought with the two heads. Astrid and Tesmorlah, followed her overhead and saw, that they had stumbled upon a battleground. The whole area, was covered in Creatures, of all kinds, tearing, biting, crushing, and killing each other. As they scanned the area further, Tesmorlah spotted a fellow dragon, that had been snatched by the neck, and shaken in a strangling manner, by a Miclorhum! Sensitive to this, she dashed at the thing and struck it hard, at full speed and force, with her tail! The Miclorhum flew through the air, and landed upside down, upon its turtle like shell. Astrid, from on Tesmorlah’s back, stood up, and pointed out her finger towards the monster. 
	A blue energy, collected in small sparks, and then, began to change to the color yellow. Astrid closed her eyes, and when she opened them, they were shining as the sun, and the blue yellow, glowing energy, started to burn, in a see-through topaz fire. Astrid gave out a horrifying war scream. The burning ball, blasted off at an incredible rate, at the odd turtle, lizard, snake, multi-reptilian Creature. This thing of evil will and reason, yes, a monster. When the bright fiery ball came up to the Creature, it hadn’t blasted it away, it absorbed into the Creature’s body, and everything of this magic, grew very enigmatic and surprising for a moment. They waited...then, the Miclorhum blew up and out, from the inside, guts exploding everywhere. Tesmorlah had a look of awe, when she beheld that the burning ball, was still there, and levitated on the ground, under the falling chunks of flesh. Astrid looked to her side, where there had been another Dark Creature. She pointed out her finger, and the fireball, directed towards it, with extreme force. Tesmorlah looked down at the wheezing dragon, while Astrid got off Tesmorlah’s back, and walked on over to it. There was that familiar crimson color again; its neck covered in four huge gashes, and it was barely able to breathe. A deep pool of blood, spread out beneath its neck, and flowed in tiny rivers, out from the four wounds. Astrid held her hands up to the sky, and a green, sparkling dust like glow, filled both of them. She slowly brought the dust down to the dragon, and released it over the gashes. Miraculously, the blood started to flow back into the wounds, instead of out. When all the blood had gone back inside the body, Astrid held her hands over the four gashes, and a bluish purple light, absorbed into each, and the flesh grew completely back. Tesmorlah watched, as the scales closed shut. “Is this what you did for me?” Astrid answered thoroughly. “I only had to use the Rematerializing, healing spell, on you… but on this dragon, I had to use the Absorbing, healing spell, and the Rematerializing, healing spell, also.” Tesmorlah looked, at the now, resting dragon; pleasant and peaceful. “How long is he going to be asleep?”
	“Until morning; to have a healing spell performed on you, can be quite exhausting on the body.” 
	The trees were far spread in the battlefield, and the sky, was the most visible than it had ever been, thus far. The heavens thundered, and Astrid and Tesmorlah, raised their heads up. There were terrible, and unnatural storm clouds, rolling on their way, like a giant crashing wave. Astrid searched through the warring beasts around her, for her fireball. She scanned for it, and couldn’t find it, until she saw another exploding Dark Creature. Tesmorlah pointed her claw. “Look! It’s the Garbire!” 
	The Garbire tore apart the polluted, after polluted, leaping from one to another with ease. It was unstoppable and a never ending source of endurance and energy. The clouds now covered over the battlefield. The wind picked up, and then, lightning struck down from the dark clouds, as if heaven had poured down the wrath of God. All the Creatures, and Dark Creatures alike, stopped for a moment and looked up into the sky. Then… all of a sudden, the lightning bolted all around them. The Dark Creatures became calm, as if they knew they were not going to be harmed; what was the cause of this storm... was it of evil? The lightning only hit the Creatures that were untainted. They were assured the lightning would not touch them. Astrid and Tesmorlah panicked, but Astrid chuckled a little, as she stretched out her arms, and faced her palms to the sky. Tesmorlah watched her, as a small watery substance, appeared in her palms. The substance grew bigger and bigger, until it joined together. Astrid, effortlessly, lifted it up overhead. “We’ll be safe now.” The clouds above them, began to produce rain. Then, the rain turned into snow... then hail... and then, all of them at once! Astrid held up the shield over the resting dragon and Tesmorlah for a while. The Creatures out there, in the heat of battle, they didn’t stand a chance without her; they were being slaughtered mercilessly before her eyes. “I have to help them!” Astrid ran out from under the shield, and sealed it into a dome, around Tesmorlah and the sleeping dragon; trapping them inside, before Tesmorlah could try to stop her. Astrid ran off into the fight, and threw her arms down and out, to each side. A yellow fire, burned in her hands, as she came towards a giant rat, armored all over its body, with rock-hard bumps. Astrid chucked three yellow flames at the beastly creature as it spotted and came at her! The yellow fire, covered over the giant rat, but it still, came lunging at her. Tesmorlah banged on the inside of the dome shield, as she saw the creature near, dangerously closer, and closer, to Astrid. If she would just let her out of this confounded entrapment!
	Astrid didn’t seem to be worried the least bit; either she was very oblivious, or had something up her sleeve; it was then, when the rat creature stopped, stunned, and trembling. It laid on one side at first, and then, threw a fit of convulsions, seizures, and rolled back and forth, on the ground; screeching, as if it were being electrocuted by the yellow flames. The signs of electrocution, had been correct, as the yellow fire also zapped, and scorched over this monstrous rat. Tesmorlah was relieved, to see, that Astrid had defeated the Dark Creature. She stared at the dying good-for-nothing. What surprising and mysterious abilities Astrid possessed. Indeed, a set of skills that were immeasurable, and unlimited; of such a power, she had never beheld before, in all of her years. This Trance Witch had been something, that must have evolved from, and adapted, out of desperation; for survival. The human race, would have been sorely brutal, and merciless, to the kind of the witch over the centuries. She sensed this about Astrid... Astrid was a survivor.  
	The yellow fire, idling in her palms, blazed all the way up to her elbows, as she threw her arms down again, and blasted fireball after fireball, at the Dark Creatures all around her! It was an extreme sight of domination and victory! The other fiery ball, continued absorbing into the Dark Creatures, detonating them, one after another. Never before, has Tesmorlah seen anyone act in battle so effectively. She was a natural. 
	Now, what was this... the sound of a roaring beast came from the clouds! A powerful darkness came with the roar, and fright, crept into every part of Astrid’s being, and had conquered entire occupancy of her conscious mind. She stood, remand collected and waited, till she saw, what it was, that had been creating the sound. She searched the thick clouds alertedly; it was a hideous beast, a soot covered, gray ox gargoyle, and the rain from the sky, sizzled, and steamed, as it drenched the beast. The scarlet eyes, stared at Astrid, with the soullessness of the devil himself; it was the gaze of pure evil. She couldn’t break the stare, for fear of something wicked, would happen if she did. She felt, as if her locked stare, was the only thing that kept the beast in check. 
	Bright heavenly light, began shining from the beast; and right before Astrid’s eyes, the beast change into a beautiful angel, and the dark eerie clouds, turned that which is holy white. His face and his form, were so perfect, so beautiful. Astrid took a look over him, and then, looked back into his eyes. She could have never imagined, such an angelic beauty as this. His eyes were crystal blue, and his hair, thick and golden. He had perfect facial features; they were strong, but soft at the same time. He floated down on a white cloud, without taking his eyes off Astrid. Astrid had been seduced by his gaze, and she couldn’t look away. Tesmorlah rammed the dome, while roaring, and pleading with Astrid. Astrid heard her, but did not pay mind. She was completely captivated by the angel’s beauty, as he drifted down to her, with keenness, and liquidity; with perfection to his movement as well. Then, he began to chant. “I am yours… I am yours...” Tesmorlah screamed and shouted, from inside the dome. “No! Astrid! Don’t let him take you!” The angel stretched out his hand to Astrid, and she reached back up to him, longing to feel his touch, to know that he was real; but then, all of a sudden, amidst the chaos around them, a Creature jumped in between their outstretched reach for each other, and knocked Astrid down. She quickly came to her senses, no longer dazzled by the angel, and saw that it was the Garbire that had knocked her to the ground. The angel’s true form was unveiled; it turned back into the gargoyle beast, and roared at the Garbire, now guarding Astrid! The beast swung his claws at the Garbire, but the Garbire dodged his attempt, and the fiends claws cut through the air, at nothing, as the Garbire jumped up to the beast’s throat, and sunk her teeth into his neck. The beast tried to pull the Garbire off, but he was only ripping his own throat out, in doing so. The Garbire was not going to be stopped; she had her teeth, locked in his flesh. Astrid watched, as blood came gushing out of the beast’s neck, more and more, as he tried to pull the Garbire off. Finally, after a while, the beast dropped down to the earth, and the Garbire held on, until the body turned cold. It was a wonder to Astrid, to envision how much strength it would take, in the Garbire’s jaw, for it to hold on through all that struggle. 
	The Garbire turned to Astrid. “Do you have any idea, of what this Cloud Demon, could have done to you! It could have stripped your powers away from you!” Astrid replied, in understanding, and utter gratitude. “I greatly thank you for saving me from that dreadful situation.” 	
Astrid got up from the ground and bowed her head, in honor of the Garbire. As Astrid raised her head, and her eyes again, she saw that the Garbire was gone; bounced off, to kill another Dark Creature. What a magnificent, and quick Creature, the Garbire was. Tesmorlah banged on the inside of the dome, and Astrid finally took notice, as if coming back down to the planet, from her head up in space. 
	The rain continued to fall, but it started to ease, and grew gentle, as Astrid walked over to Tesmorlah, and the sleeping dragon, kept captive for their own safety. Astrid touched the dome, and a hole, big enough for Tesmorlah to slip out of, opened. Tesmorlah slithered out, with exact perspective of dimensions. “I could not stand it; to be trapped in there! I want to fight as well! Promise me, you’ll never trap me like that again...” Astrid replied rationally. “Of course, unless rocks are falling from the sky right over you!” Tesmorlah said. “I see, only if it’s direly needed. A Creature with a fighting spirit, does not like to be contained.” 
	The bright fiery orb, Astrid had created, from the beginning, was still moving, from Dark Creature to Dark Creature, destroying them. Hundreds had been exploded from this very useful magic of Astrid. There were five Dark Creatures left, and the Garbire had three of them under control, and the fiery ball had the fourth. Quickly, Tesmorlah darted to the last one, and blew it to bits with her solar dragon breath! Astrid whispered something, in a respired silence, and the bright fiery orb, had then gone; leaving a few blue sparks behind, that faded out, as it disappeared. The Garbire had finished its last kill, and Astrid, Tesmorlah, and the Garbire, looked at each other, with noble acknowledgment, and then the Garbire took off alone into the Forest. Astrid looked around, observing her surroundings. “We can’t stay here tonight, we’ll have to get moving before dark, to an ideal place of sanction, that doesn’t reek of death.” Tesmorlah agreed, by nodding her head. Astrid put her hand out to the sleeping dragon, and a bluish cloud, appeared underneath it; and lifted it up into the air. She began to walk on forward, in the same direction as the Garbire had gone; the sleeping dragon, floated alongside her, as Tesmorlah followed; protectively, and close behind. 












Chapter 11

The Blood


	The air was calm, but the dark was frightening. Adrian and Elvia decided to stop for the night, and take shelter in a tree hollow. The next morning, Adrian woke up, and slowly opened his eyes. Elvia had to be a sleeping babe; grimace and innocence, decorated her beautiful resting face, as she obviously dreamed of warm and pleasant things. He didn’t want to wake her, but he had to. He put his hand on her arm and gave her a shake. “Elvia… wake up Elvia… it’s morning.” She had not awoke. “Elvia! Wake up!” Surprisingly energetic, Elvia opened her eyes wide, and stood up! Her heart pounded, something rapid, in her chest; and she breathed, as if she was, downright near out of breath. She looked down at Adrian, who scrambled to his feet, and stood beside her. “Are you trying to kill me...? You scared me to death!” Adrian picked up the vial of blood, which had lain in a pile of leaves, between him and Elvia, as they slept. Things were not getting challenging with him and Elvia, but she had sure made it seem that way. In a voice of slight strain, of heavy, or odd lifting, he exhaled a reply. “I tried to wake you, peacefully… but you didn’t… so I had no other choice.” He flew out of the hollow, fancifully! Shaking it off… whatever it was. “I can’t believe I can fly! It’s like living in a fairy-tale land! Ha ha ha ha ha!” He then took off, and Elvia shouted, as she flew to catch up. “Wait! Don’t think I’m going to let you off the hook, just because you changed the subject! Get back here!” Adrian didn’t listen; he just kept on flying, flapping away, quite entertained by the experience of flight. Though it didn’t take Elvia too long to catch up to him; and when she did, Adrian shuddered with surprise, and almost dropped the awkward container. He was getting tired, from carrying the awfully heavy vial, it would seem. He looked at Elvia, and spattered together something quick of wit, to spare himself the fun and games. “Oh great! Now you can help me carry this! Here!” Spare himself the fun and games; he chuckled a bit. He had always been so serious and on top of things, getting the job done right. Now he was enjoying himself. Always making sure that chaos wouldn’t happen, by doing a thorough and complete job; and staying organized, in the scheme of things; making sure everything was planned and on time. Now… in the midst of chaos, he had actually been enjoying himself. This tickled his fancy. What a completely unexpected notion that was.
	He slowed down and handed Elvia one of the ropes. She looked at him, and then, at the twined handle. “I’ll let you off this time… just don’t ever wake me like that again… do not do it!” 
	She grabbed the rope tightly, and they flew on together. “Oh would you look at that! We’re not too far away from the Forest Fairy village now, do you see!” Adrian looked for, what she had pointed at; and then, his face expression, changed to relief and astonishment, rather than uncertainty; the Elder tree.... but it was still quite a distance away, even as they had seen it. He turned his eyes to Elvia for a moment. “You think this blood of Astrid’s will work?” Elvia replied hesitantly. “I’m not sure, it might... it might not... the Elders will know.” The chance was fifty fifty, and they could just hope for the best outcome. He directed his stare away from Elvia, and peered on ahead, silent, until they had reached the Elder Tree; the great majestic tree that stood the tallest and largest of all others surrounding. They stopped in front, taking notice for the first time, of the strong odor of the sap, hardening over the ancient bark. “It was nice knowing you, as a Forest Fairy, Adrian; but now that our quest is completed, I’m sure you can not wait to be human again.” Adrian looked at her. “Are you kidding! I’ve never felt so alive in all my life! I can fly! All the world around me is adventurous, fascinating, and magical, and most of all… I’ve had the pleasure of sharing it all with you, Elvia.” Adrian looked deeply into Elvia’s eyes, and she began to blush as he grew near. “I’ve never felt this way I feel for anyone before! There’s something about you Elvia.” Adrian drew his hand up to gently stroke her soft glowing skin. Her big beautiful and innocent eyes, stared back into his, with such trust and relief, and then, she did something Adrian did not expect her to do; in a sweet whisper, she charmed him dearly, he could only imagine such sweetness was real. “Adrian… my heart! I don’t understand… how this can be?” She pushed away from him, and let go of the rope. Adrian was weighed down a little, and then, rose back up, as she turned, and started to hover away from him. He did not go after her, but watched her slow down, and stop; her back to him. “Wait!” Elvia interrupted, before he could say anything else. “You don’t get it, do you…” She then turned around to face him, shouting at him, her eyes full of tears. “You are a human! You belong a human!” She calmed down, in a short silence, as she stared into his compassionate gaze; and her fierce expression softened. “But I… I do feel the same way, but it is wrong for me to, it’s not practical.” She turned to one side, and hung her head down, in shame of what she had just admitted. Adrian put the vial on a branch, near him, and slowly flew over to her. He opened his arms to hold her. She didn’t try to stop him, so he went on ahead, and completely wrapped his arms around her. “I’d want nothing more, than to stay here with you… forever, with you in my arms. And I will stay a Forest Fairy, forever, to stay, and be here with you, Elvia; even if you change your feelings for me; I will still love you, and will always love you!” Elvia shifted to straighten out in front of him, and she drew her chin up to look into his eyes, as she whispered under her breath. “My heart will always be yours…” Elvia looked sincerely into Adrian’s glistening eyes, and moved her gaze, to come across his lips, as she softly tested them, and then, needfully kissed him. He held her closer, more intently, and kissed her in return. She ran her hands down his arms, to his hands… which held her hips. The kiss was so right and so perfect, this could not be wrong. As it ended, Elvia and Adrian opened their eyes to find the other there, looking back into them, with all the known love they possessed for each other. There seemed to be nothing now, that could stand in the way, of them being together. Elvia smiled, as she looked at him, and he did the same, as she rested her head on his shoulder. They had confessed their love for one another, yes, and he held her ever so near, and dear, to his body, and to his heart.
	Up on the branch, where Adrian had set the vial of blood, a little rodent creature, snooped towards it, smelling, checking the air; every now and then, stopping to stand on its hind legs, approaching cautiously. The fairies took no notice, to the rodent’s growing presence. It moved out of the darkness, changing from just a pair of glowing eyes, to a fluffy wood brown, little thing, with also, long green hair-like blades of grass; manipulated in the sudden rushes of movement, streaming out behind, then, sticking straight up, all around its body. Big brown eyes, gleamed with curiosity. It came up to the vial, and sniffed, then, grabbed it, with its little hands, examining around the cork, with its little nose. It held onto the vial, bit into it, and began to wiggle out the cork. The rubbing and squeaking noises it made, had caught Elvia’s attention; she spotted the rodent, as it pulled out the cork, and held it in its teeth. Oh no! She pushed away from Adrian. The rodent had been spooked by her, and dropped the vial. The blood now poured out, as the vial fell through the air. Elvia strained to stretch out the length of her body, and arms, to catch it. She was too late; the vial hit the ground and broke! Bits of glass, thrown everywhere, and all they could do, was watch, as it happened, so suddenly, right in front of their eyes; without a thing they could have done about it. Elvia skid in the glass and dirt, with the bare and vulnerable skin of her arms. She looked at the painful damage done, as she struggled to bend away from it; all these small cuts upon her hands, down her arms, and chest. Adrian flew to her assistance, as she gathered herself up, off the ground; but then, started to tumble. He held onto her waist, to support her, in such a frightful grief for her. “Is there some place we can go, for you to get medical help in the village?” Elvia said in pain, obtrusively, but deliriously. “What is a… just take me to… ahg—” she fainted, and her face fell on Adrian’s chest. He still held onto her waist, while her arms dangled down the sides of his body. He scooped her up, and cradled her in his arms, then flew off into the village, shouting. “Help! Help! Somebody, she needs help!” All the Forest Fairies gathered around to see what all the ruckus was about and one black haired and blue-eyed lady fairy, took the initiative, and said, as she observed Elvia’s condition. “Quickly! Follow me!” 
	Adrian followed her, as she flew onward, and then, shouted loudly, for all to hear; herself. “Everyone, get out of the way! Clear a path!” Adrian followed her to a big dome, woven of twigs and twine. He followed her inside, and she acted with urgency. “Lay her down here!” Adrian still stared, watching passed-out Elvia, with great worry in his troubled brows, and knelt beside her. The Fairy, glanced at him, and laid her hand on his shoulder, assuring him. “I’ll take care of her. You must go rest; Limly will take you to get something to eat, and drink, and a place to rest and just relax.” The fairy snapped her fingers quickly. “Limly!” 
	A blonde-haired, and yellow-eyed, fairy, came on through one of the two curtains, hanging from two opposite ends of the center wall; most likely, one was meant to be an exit, and the other, the entrance. The black haired fairy, continued instructions, once the other fairy had come. “Take him, and give him food and drink, and then, show him where he can rest.” The blonde haired fairy, replied, with a slight bow in acknowledgment. “Yes my lady!” Then, she made gentle eye contact with Adrian, and spoke to him. “Follow me!” He got up, leaving Elvia in good hands, and started on his way out. He looked back, briefly, to observe what was being done; the dark-haired fairy, now attending to Elvia carefully, and then, he went out through the curtain. 
	Adrian came into a room, cluttered with tables and baskets. The baskets were filled with varieties of fruits, and other things, that he had never seen before. The fairy gestured, then, directed him to sit down at one of the tables. She picked up a wooden shallow and wide bowl, from a decent sized stack of them, and started to put one of each of the fruits, and other things, in it. She set the bowl in front of Adrian, lightly. “I’ll go prepare your bed.” She left through another curtain, and Adrian sat there, gloating at the food in front of him. He picked up one of the odd looking fruits, and standoffishly, drew it to his nose at first. It smelled like pears, and then, the smell surprisingly changed, to a smell, he could compare to being that of freshly baked pie! He took a little nibble of it. His taste buds soared, as he savored the morsel, satisfyingly. It was just as it was, when he smelled it; the fruit tasted like a pear, and then, it tasted like a pear pie, it was uncanny! He sunk his teeth into it, taking an even bigger bite. It also had an equally divine texture, to match the fantastic flavors. When he finished, he moved onto the next thing in his bowl. He tried a brown oval potato shaped, baked bread, of some kind. Then he found it wasn’t bread at all, it was meat! Interesting yes… and it was the most succulent meat he ever tasted. The next thing, was much like blackberries... then blackberry pie. Next, he ate a tan, bread looking, round morsel; which tasted like French bread, with fresh whipped butter. Everything he ate, was more delicious, than anything he had ever eaten before, in the human world. 
	Just as he was finishing up, the blonde-haired fairy came back. “Your bed is ready!” He got up and followed the fairy, down a long hallway, with tons of curtains, hanging along, as doors upon the walls. She opened the fifth one. “Have a good rest! I’ll come and get you when Elvia has recuperated.” Adrian walked in, and she closed the curtain behind him and left. The room smelled like it would, after the rain; but only this smell was cleaner, and there was no moisture in the air. Adrian saw a tub full of steaming water. He also found some kind of soap, and scrubbing device, to go along with it; he decided not to waste it, and to take off his garments, and get in. The water was so warm and relaxing. He took deep meditative breaths, and splashed some water over the edge by accident; from shifting his wings a bit, to become more comfortable.
	Elvia had been out since she collapsed in Adrian’s embrace, and had been brought and placed on the table. The blonde-haired fairy, came up to the black-haired one, who washed Elvia’s cuts slowly, and carefully. “My lady Zylarray, he is taken care of, just as you asked.” Zylarray answered cheerfully. “Thank you Limly! Elvia is doing well! I just have to get the last tiny piece of glass out, it is lodged a bit deep in.” Zylarray held a jade glowing wand over Elvia’s chest, and a small piece of glass, slipped out through her skin and floated onto a pile of broken glass, she had neatly made. She then, stood up and went on over to one of the shelves, to open a navy-blue stone box and placed the jade colored wand, inside; reunited with a bunch of other different colored glowing wands.  
	Zylarray rose, as she closed the lid. “All fields and inquiry, have been shaped by what we know, and what we do not know. There is one true message in this; have faith, have hope, be blessed, and be not one to worry; the additional things in life, variate.”
	The next morning, Adrian woke and made his way down the hall, to the room, where all the baskets of fruit and other things were. On his way, he heard Elvia’s voice. She was talking up a storm. She was back to her old self again. That was the Elvia he knew. She told them their story, of how him and her, were sent by the Elders, to find the destroyer of the Tree of Beginning. The destroyer who was Astrid... Elvia’s witch friend; how they succeeded in finding her, but she refused to come back with them, and instead, gave them a vial of her blood, to use in hopes to bring back the Tree. Adrian came through the curtain, and met Elvia’s eyes, and then, discovered the room was a bit crowded. There sat the black-haired fairy that healed her, and the blonde-haired fairy, along with three other fairies. Elvia stared at Adrian, as he came through the curtain, and hadn’t looked away. You could say this room knows of a great deal of circulation, of fairies, coming and going throughout the day. Adrian scanned the room full of fairies, and looked at Elvia, who he found to be watching him, like she’s never done before. Adrian opened his mouth, and said, moving closer to her. “I’m glad to see you’re feeling better.” Elvia replied, perking up a bit, in his growing proximity. “Adrian, sit down by me.” He hovered over the table, and then, skillfully landed, sitting on down.
	“Adrian, this is Zylarray; she is the villages’ healer!” Adrian looked at Zylarray, and said to her. “Thank you so much for your help and hospitality! I’m so glad to see that Elvia’s alright.” Adrian looked at Elvia, and smiled, and she smiled back. Zylarray took a bow. “So you must be hungry, I’ll get you something.” Zylarray got up, went over to the serving table, took a basin off of the stack, and started dishing up a good assorted portion, for him to eat. 
	He leaned over closer to Elvia, and whispered, as he eyed her suspiciously. “Why is she looking at me funny?” Elvia giggled and answered him quietly. “I told her the whole story; of how you came here as a human, and how you were turned into a Forest Fairy by the Elders, to go on a quest with me, to find Astrid, who destroyed the Tree of Beginning.” There she went again; putting it in the biggest mouthful way, she could possibly. 
	Zylarray set the plate on the table, of the same delicious fruits and stuff, which he ate in the previous hours. She looked at Elvia and said. “Well, Elvia, come with me, and let’s finish your healing.” Elvia left the room with Zylarray. Adrian began to eat, and then, noticed that all the other fairies in the room, were watching him; his new face, was easily picked out, and they wondered about him curiously. No doubt he was well aware of this. Would it be normal, for him to feel uncomfortable as of now; he didn’t, not even in the slightest. Adrian was trusting of his intuition, and he felt no threat here. He was always right about things like this, to him, it was instinct; but through his life’s history, of working on expeditions with his brother, he learned that not everyone’s abilities, had he put his trust in, as much as he did his own. He naturally knew how things worked, and how they would ultimately turn out.   
	Zylarray came through the curtain; she told Elvia to go lay down on the tablemat, while she went over to the shelf, that contained the navy blue stone box. Zylarray opened the box, and pulled out a glowing, pearl-white, colored wand, and came over to Elvia. She knelt down beside her, as she examined the bandages, then, removed them. Not every wound had healed up, like the others did. Zylarray held the wand over one of the very deep poignant cuts, on Elvia’s chest, and the wound started to seal shut just as quick. The wand, glowed a little brighter, and then, dulled every time she moved it from one cut to the next, until the wounds were all attended to. She finished up with the last of them. “There Elvia! As good as new!” Elvia sat up and rubbed her arms with satisfaction, while Zylarray went to put the wand away.
	There was no rush, like how it would be in the human world, in a mess hall; if that had been the proper term. Adrian finished his meal, and left, through the curtain; to find, Elvia was out of her bandages, and her cuts were completely gone! He went over to her, and bent down; he put his hand on her arms, to feel her beautifully healed skin, and kissed them in relief. He drew up his head, and looked at her arms, one more time. She gave out a short childish chuckle, as she saw his eyes widen in awe. Adrian stopped, and took his hands away, from touching, and feeling her tempting skin. “How is it that you’ve recovered so quickly?” Zylarray came over and answered him. “I used the healing wands on her; the extracting wand, to draw out the glass, and one of the redeeming wands, to heal and rebuild her!” Adrian questioned, with fascination. “Healing wands??” Zylarray walked over to the navy-blue stone box, and lifted the lid. “Come see them.” Adrian stared at the box, as he neared to look inside.
	Before his eyes, were five, different colored glowing wands. After a time, he took his eyes off the wands, and looked at Zylarray. “What do the rest of them do?” Zylarray answered, informingly. “The Ruby, rejuvenates blood loss, the sapphire, repairs bones, and the amethyst, repairs your memory. Adrian looked inside the box once more. “Okay, now I understand… it’s magic! Okay.”  Zylarray closed the box. “Yes!” Elvia rose to stand, and said, while looking at Adrian. “We should go now, to the Elders, and break the unfortunate news.” Adrian turned, and looked at Elvia in agreement, then, at Zylarray, and said to her; before, flying out of the dome with Elvia. “Goodbye, and thank you for all you’ve done... you’ve been so kind!”
	It was a probable course, through the fairy village. He dashed out of the busyness of fairy traffic, inconspicuously to others; for he was a fairy just like them, in freedom of suspicion, worry, or obligation. They just went along with their daily tasks. 
	Adrian and Elvia, came to the Elder Tree, and up to the entrance. The same guard, as before, had been there standing watch, practiced and disciplined. Adrian gave a nod and smirked, as they landed on the wooden pouch. “Tell the Elders, Adrian and Elvia, have returned, and are here now to see them!” The guard opened the door, and slithered on in. Adrian and Elvia, could hear whispering voices, but couldn’t make out what all was being said. The guard opened the door on up, wide; and stood by it, while all of the Elders, gathered out onto the porch. The long bearded one, in front, stepped forward. “Did you find the witch?” Elvia replied. “Yes! But she refused to come with us. She gave us a vial of her blood, but it fell, and broke, as we were carrying it back!” The Elder lowered his head, and wrinkled his eyebrows, in and together. This definitely gave no ground for hope, and in a quiet, still voice, he made that known. “So you have failed…” Elvia joined him in hanging her head down. Adrian did not want to admit defeat, it wasn’t like him. He always finished what he had started, and this stifled his character. He broke out into compulsive exclamation. “No, we have not failed! We are going back, to find her, and bring her back here!” The Elder, surprised by Adrian, raised his head to the rays of the sun. “Very well! But just her blood alone… won’t work!’ The Elder confirmed, giving no alternative way around it. “It must be her life...” Adrian looked into the Elders eyes. There was no room for argument in them. He was serious, in his very stern, and sincere gaze. “No! There must be another way? Astrid shouldn’t have to die!” He was desperate in his expression, but strong nonetheless. The Elder had surely been enthralled by Adrian’s compassion for the witch. In his treating the matter, as if, her life, was his own. Important to not lose… as if it was the life of the Forest, and everything, and everyone, in it; it was. The Elder looked away, and discussed this with the rest of the Elders; grouped behind him. Then, he turned back around. “We have decided to send you on a different quest. On a quest to find the three remaining Protectors, and seek their wisdom on this, and what can be done; if the Tree can be brought back, without sacrificing the witch’s life, they would be the only ones, that would know. Now go, quickly! The fate of the Forest is entrusted to you...” Elvia lifted her head, and a tear glistened in her eye, in the light. Adrian saw it; she immediately wiped it away, hoping he hadn’t noticed.
	That was it, there was nothing more to be said; but now, only something to be done. Adrian declared, before he took off into the unpredictable Forest. “We will not fail!” He quickly grabbed Elvia’s hand, and flew off, without looking back! 
	“How will we find them? Even the Elders’ don’t know where they dwell!”  Adrian answered, in a courageous tone, of which she had never heard from anyone before; defeat was not an option. “We will find them! There will be no giving up!”  

  





















Chapter 12

We Must Find the Three Protectors


	The Forest air was heavy with a thick damp mist. From the lowness, spilling over, with impact; a waterfall, persistently lacerated, tearing away at the rocks ahead of them, down into this vast depression in the earth, crashing below into the unknown abyss, of a climbing fog. There was evidence that something massive had come through here! A threatening, but far off growl, echoed through the trees, from the remoteness of extent and distance. Adrian glanced over to read Elvia’s composure, to see if her expression, was one of fright; it wasn’t! Her face was a sincere and determined one, and Adrian seemed to love her even more now, in his discovery of her, to be just as impetuous, and hellbent, in finding the Protectors, as he was; if not even more so. What a sight to see, as they flew on forward; the Forest grew decadent with life, of all kinds of different greenery; of plants, on the Forest’s floor, and more, hanging from the trees, almost jungle like now. They kept going, and as they came upon, and up, and over, a giant rotten fallen tree, the sound of the waterfall, grew louder, and a hopeful light, broke through the deepness of mists. 
	Adrian and Elvia stopped! There it was, a majestic waterfall, flowing over the edge of a cliff; off to the right of their viewing. And below them, was revealed, just how and what, a deep abyss of mist, had been there under the earth beyond. They looked down in awe, and said nothing. It had no end! The water poured over the falls, so aggressively, it seemed to scream, go back... stay away! But Adrian stared at the falls, and declared. “I bet there is something hidden behind the waterfall...” Adrian flew off, and Elvia followed with haste, as he pressed on through the atmospheric vapor. The falls pounded loudly, forcing on down, as he came to them; and had dominated their ears, preventing them from hearing each other. Elvia couldn’t hear his voice, but she knew, he had said something. Her look of confusion, had told tale of this. Adrian decided not to bother with words, and just motioned his hand for her to come to him. They both flew off, to one side, of the falls, to investigate; looking for a ledge, or a hollowed out area in the rock. But they found nothing. Adrian went to the other side, and Elvia followed, but still they found not a thing; not a crevice, not a nook or a cranny, nothing, and no sign of an entrance. Elvia crossed her arms, fed up in loss of interest, growing agitated by Adrian’s useless actions; wild goose chase.
	Something shiny caught her eyes! It sparkled, every now and then, a summoning phenomenon, behind the falls; slightly below, from where they rested in the air. Before she went on, to investigate this further, she looked at Adrian, to see what distracted, him in fertile imaginings; he was preoccupied, in finding, there to be something there, that wasn’t; now pulling at the loose rocks; searching for a stone that would open a secret entrance. The flickering beneath the falls, would tantalize her no more! Elvia flew on down, to see what it was. There was definitely something there, yes, a solid object, reflecting, or giving off, its own source of light; she had not known, but had to discover what it was. She thought about reaching for it through the rushing water, but if she grabbed for it, she would surely be caught in the current and forced down by the abundance of pressure, behind the powerful waterfall.
Elvia stared in temptation, at the shiny stone object that frustrated her so. 
	Adrian looked around for Elvia, she was gone! Adrian flew around in a panic, looking here, looking there... circling, and, spotting in every direction. Then, he noticed a flicker below, and looked there, and then found her. She daringly, dove through the waterfall, and snatched the shiny object, as the falls took her down with them!
Adrian dove after her, but Elvia fell faster than he could fly; he kept his eyes on her, and continued to dive regardless. The fall seemed to never end, but go on perpetually. There was no time… if he didn’t do something soon to intervene, she would drown, before reaching the pool of water; a bitter end, clad in shadows at the bottom.
	Adrian had gathered his thoughts, and decided quickly, and knew very well of what he should do. But, suddenly, as if his prayers had been answered; in a blinding flash, a figure of blue light, dove on out, from behind the waterfall, and rescued Elvia! The blue light, carried her down, and what it had done with her, was unknown; after it had disappeared, in the heavy, smothering clouds, of mist therein; and within the depths below! Adrian chased the light being, but he couldn’t catch up to it, it just moved too fast. The mist grew ridiculously dense, he flew on down, cautiously, and it only grew thicker, making it near impossible for him to see, more than, three feet in front of him! 
	The mist started to lift, and then, completely cleared away, revealing to insatiable curiosity, to all that surrounded. There were carved steps, right ahead of him, leading down behind the waterfall; a luring path, with a look, and a feel, of ancient mystery of centuries, to broaden the already widest of spectrum, of what could have been through there, countless of times; how this throttled Adrian’s profound and fertile imagination. He followed up the steps, into a cave. As he entered, he took precaution, and scanned the ceiling, and walls, for habitants and danger. Then there, straight on ahead, he noticed a large stone, with foreign blue writings engraved upon it; a beacon, rejuvenating hope, on the contrary of the evident condemning despair, that plagued him insufferably. He came closer, and saw that it was the same type of inscriptions, in front of the temple, that he had found, on their successful, yet, also failing search for Astrid; to retrieve her, and bring her back, to the Elders. As he realized this, he looked around, for a temple entrance within the cave. He flew further into the extension of space, and then, just as he perceived… there it was. The temple was carved out into the rock, just beyond the stone with the blue engravings. The entrance was immense; a perfect rectangle entryway it was. Adrian was afraid to go near it; it was haunting, the chill coming from out of the darkness within. What lied in wait, for him there, he hoped nothing. His repeating thoughts, ‘I must find Elvia,’ rang louder, than the ever growing, pounding of his heart. He felt responsible for her, protective, and he had to go in, and find her. Coming to this conclusion, all his fear dissipated, and he flew on into the temple.
	It was damp and cold, like a cellar, and smelled of mildew. Adrian couldn’t see a thing, literally, taking a shot in the dark! Unsure of how to go about, going on any further; He felt for the wall; it was wet, and then, grew a bit slimy to the touch. He took his hands off of it, and decided to take it slow, hovering on through the air. A nippy breeze, blew on by; there was undoubtedly an opening, a way out, on the other side. 
	Something ghastly brushed passed him, and he turned, and shouted in terror. He was both surprised and fearful. He gathered his bearings, and tried to rationalize what it might have been. He breathed heavily and stopped, then, looked around into the darkness and whispered out loud to himself, in wishful thinking. “It was nothing, just the wind…just the wind!” Adrian grew calm in survival mode, and continued forward. It surprised him, and gave him wild ideas, but it was nothing. A blast of whistling wind blew passed him, and then, he thought for sure, that it had been the same thing that had occurred before; it was just the wind.
	A warmth came to the air, and then, a small amount of light, shined from on ahead; but it appeared as abundant, in the pitch-black darkness. Adrian looked down from the illusion of intense light, to there find, mushrooms, grouped around on the cave floor; those that are different from normal mushrooms, well, mushrooms that he knew to be mushrooms anyway; but what was anything anymore. He was delighted in this place, entranced by it, and lost in it... this hypnotic hell, and divine paradise. Now that he’d discovered, there to be no threat to him, in this carved out wonder; his actions were subdued no longer, he advanced onward swiftly. The light brightened, and opened up the beauty; the reflected colors of the crystals, pointing up from the ground, danced on the shiny thin film of minerals, throughout the entirety of the cave. Captivating and beckoning, this light was, at the end of the tunnel. He was rendered as ancient as his surroundings, but redeemed, and promised to be reborn anew, as he neared closer to the source. He came around a corner, and to his surprise, there she was; Elvia, lying on a square polished rock; which was just as enchanting as she was, in her pleasant sleeping state. He dashed over to her with exhilaration. “Elvia!” She awoke, as he scooped her up in his arms, then, she came to her senses. “The being of blue light! It was just like the being of red, when I was with Astrid! Where is it?” Adrian acknowledged, as he released her. “I don’t know! But I’m glad you’re okay!” Oh how this flattered her intuition; there was something, that had to be discovered, about these beings. Elvia stood up and flew off! Adrian followed her, and the light grew stronger; until they came out from the exit end of the cave, and the light settled, and promised to be subtle. They were in a completely different climate; and a younger part of the Forest, by far. 
	The ground was mostly rich soil, and there wasn’t any moss, or anything now, hanging from the trees. It was a masterful change, a magician’s trick; this place had to have some sort of magic about it; a spell, a charm, put upon it, or something of the sort. Elvia and Adrian looked around, in awestruck wonder, and total silence. Sun streamed down from between the trees, and the trees, were not the immense titans anymore, they were young; but even still, the size of an ordinary full-grown tree. The air had the smell of freshness and newness to it. They continued to look at the scenery, and a sudden, though, peaceful calm, came over them; what a paradise. It was quiet… but then, it wasn’t; off in the distance, the fragile sounds of young Creatures, frolicking and playing, tickled their ears. And as pleasant as all this seemed to be, it hadn’t lasted very long! A loud, high pitched, blaring sound, came out of nowhere, as like a siren, but hadn’t passed; just held steady, its loud obnoxious sound. They covered their ears, and looked around, trying to find the origin, of where it had been coming from. It was supernatural, celestial; the sound of a greatly angered manifestation, of some kind, would have made; if it were to make a sound. A light appeared in front of them; a tiny blue speck of light; but the sound still tormented them. The speck of light transformed, molding into the figure of a human; moving, how a thick liquid would do so. The sharp ringing stopped, and Elvia, took the shield of her hands, off her ears, and glanced at Adrian, who had done the same. They stared at the figure, for an unknown length of time. Everything stood still, as it would seem and, time, moved in slow motion. Then, the figure spoke! “You seek the three remaining Protectors, isn’t that right Elvia… and Adrian...?” Elvia was too shocked to answer. She just stared at the mindreading figure, with her mouth dropped open. There was a short silence, then, Adrian moved a little nearer to the blue being. “Yes, we are… that’s right! But how do you know about us?” The figure answered him, with an almost laugh, but collected the seriousness of the topic, by zeroing in upon it. “I know a lot about you both! I know that you came to the Forest as a human, and I know, that you’re concerned about the wellbeing, and the whereabouts of your brother; your brother Jack.” Adrian looked at the being, in surprise and anticipation! “Yes! Is he alive… is he alright? Do you know where he is?” 
	“Of course I know where he is… and he is alive… for now… for he is on his way, into certain disaster and destruction!” 
	Elvia dove into the conversation, quickly spitting, her words out. “Is it true, that the destroyer of the Tree of Beginning, must die, and their blood must be spilled, on the spot, where the Tree stood, before, to bring it back? Is there another way…?”
	“Oh… you speak of Astrid the Trance Witch… the one which found the Forest, eight-hundred years ago! Her blood must be spilled, and, she must give up her life.... Though not if the Tree of Ending is destroyed, as well... but then, we will no longer go on existing…and the Forest, won’t survive either.” Elvia turned her head down, and away, drifting in this warped sense of time that moved so slow. “Where are the Three Protectors?” 
	The being spread out his arm, and his light brightened. “I am the Protector with the force of Water!” Elvia’s eyes grew wide, as she developed such an obsessive stare at the Protector. She hesitated for a moment, then, she flew to the ground, crouched low in a kneel, and bowed to him. Adrian took this as something of great significance; he flew to the ground, and bowed to the being as well. The Protector was indifferent, and humbled himself. “Arise. Do not bow to me. Bow to our Creator… the divine spirit, for the greatness of our Creator should be praised… and praised greatly.” Elvia and Adrian got up upon their feet, and then, flew back up into the air, within the welcoming proximity of the Protector. Adrian was stunned by this being. “Where are the other Protectors?” 
	The Protector said nothing. He stretched his hand out to the right, then, pointed it in the direction from behind him; and then, stood still. For a moment, nothing happened. Everything moved so slowly anyway, was this something that occurred only when near the Protectors... it was unknown. A blur of red and a blur of white, came zooming toward the Protector, from both of the directions, of which he pointed. The blurred lights, then, stopped next to him, quite gracefully, for how fast they moved. They collected in Elvia’s and Adrian’s view, also in the form of a human. 
	Elvia and Adrian, fluttered back a little ways, as they came up, uncommonly fast, but were stoic, and poised, and steady; monoliths of strength. “Where is my brother?” 
	The Protector with the force of Water, took the initiative. “He is far away from here… traveling to the Tree of Ending, to destroy it; journeying with the once Cloud Clan Queen, Lithia, and the Mydite Warrior, Cristoph; two of your other friends are with them…Angelus and Helen.”  It was remarkable. Before them, were these beings, with unknown powers. Adrian knew what he had to ask, of all the Protectors now. “Will you help us find them, and save them from this Disaster you speak of…? I am asking this of all of you; help me…?” The Protectors, all replied at the same instant, like a choir of celestial beings, angels, singing a beautiful liturgy. “We will. Let us go with haste, time is running out!”
Time sped back up, and things moved normally; naturally, again. The three beings of light, passed right through Elvia and Adrian like ghosts, and then, flew off! They beckoned Elvia and Adrian to come, and they followed, in formation. A still atmosphere, was a short lived thing, amidst the lurking chaos, that would soon have them surrounded. Adrian was watchful for this, as the inimitable loveliness of the ambience, changed, as he predicted. Steadfast, to keep up, Adrian asked, as they all made their way onward and upward. “What kind of disaster awaits for my brother and the others?” The Protector, force of Water, was quick to answer. “Bougsmeith! The fallen Protector, and the most powerful of us all! He is the Protector that rules over the force of Earth!” 
	 Elvia quietly listened to them, as they spoke of this, and contemplated her logged away memories of unanswered mysteries, that were now unveiled to her. The being of red light, was a Protector; what else could she learn from these celestial beings. Adrian thought for a moment, then asked. “The Protector with the force of Earth has a name… you three must have names… what are they?” The Protector with the force of Water replied, striking distinguished novelty information, that brought enlightenment to Adrian and, well… it was of the same affect to Elvia as well. “You’re right! My name is Soscorek!” 
	The Protector with the force of Air, spoke next, bringing chills to them indefinitely, by his powerful voice. “My name is Villicus!” The Protector with the force of Fire, said brightly, right after. “And my name is Zulmpreedor!” Then came the choir effect again, where they all spoke at the same time, together in unison. “We are the three Protectors.” Could they read each other’s minds... did they hear each other’s thoughts? Did they have a supernatural sense of the other... they must be able to communicate telepathically; that was apparent, but the mystery as to how? Yes, it was a tantalizing mystery, so was everything; one greatly concealed secret, hidden, and lodged away forever; in many other secrets, buried in a deep abyss of secrets. Clandestine and lost somewhere far away, left to rot, in a great deal of time, legend and myth. And it all started at the very beginning; an odyssey of the worlds; the suns, the moons, the stars; and of their existence. 
	That was where they were. Elvia, Adrian, and the three Protectors, continued on through the Forest, and it gradually grew darker and bleak; overgrown with moss, vines, and other plants, against the scent, of ultimate age and decay, of putrefied nature. 
	A crisping bog arose, scented with the undeniable aroma of fresh blood, and portrayed, so suddenly, there to be a giant phantom shadow moving from within. Yes like a shark in the water, it was a shadow in the fog. Then, it came dashing through the air, right at them. There hadn’t been enough time, for Adrian and Elvia, to escape this danger, to get to safety! Not enough time at all; but they could watch, in the short instance of the moment, and know their fate as, the Creature came plowing into them! 
	The beings would not have this. Soscorek, Villicus, and Zulmpreedor, sped up in front of Adrian and Elvia, and fearsomely grabbed hold of the Creature, before it had them, and threw it far off into the Forest, without even having to stop! They continued, flying, traveling on their way, as if the Creature was nothing more, than a small ineffective insect, that had diverted their path; a pest that needed to be squished. The incident was no longer than a flash before Elvia’s and Adrian’s eyes. Their lives had been saved, in a split second, roller-coaster ride of a graphic and barbaric way to go. They were alive. Elvia and Adrian, both looked at the three Protectors with wonder, and overwhelming astonishment. The three, then, fell back to the pace of Adrian and Elvia, and Elvia was overcome, and bowled over. “You saved our lives!” Zulmpreedor, the Protector with the force of fire, began to speak to the other Protectors. “Should we go on, without our power stones?” Villicus added. “Soscorek, it isn’t safe to leave them in the temples… especially now!” 
	Adrian and Elvia, were confused, by this subject of the Protectors’; this dialogue of theirs. They looked at each other, then, looked at the Protectors, and Adrian asked. “What are you three talking about? What are your power stones, and why isn’t it safe to leave them in the temples?” Soscorek, positioned in the middle of the three, answered thoroughly. “Our power stones, contain the powers of each of us! The force of Fire, the force of Air and the force of Water! And if someone gets ahold of any one of these Stones, they would then, possess the power of that Protector!” After he had finished answering Adrian’s question, Soscorek said, to the other two Protectors. “Yes! It would be foolish to leave them unguarded in the temples! We should go back for them… but time is running out to stop Cristoph and Lithia from destroying the Tree of Ending! We will have to take that risk, and save Jack, Angelus and Helen, from certain death; and stop Lithia and Cristoph!” 
                    



























Chapter 13

The Sleeping Dragon


	 It was a cloudy morning in the shadow-covered Forest. Astrid woke to the cheerful chirping of a blue, and yellow feathered, bird; drinking from a small puddle of collected rainwater. She had opened her eyes, and found that Tesmorlah was already up, and had caught, and been eating, one of the blue and yellow-feathered birds, for breakfast! About the size of a chicken, these birds were! She quickly rose up and brushed the leaves off of her cloak, then, looked over by the sleeping dragon, and saw that it was calmly, and deeply, in a slumber. She walked over by Tesmorlah, and when Tesmorlah noticed her, she had offered her some of the bird, saying. “Here Astrid, you’re hungry!” Astrid looked at it with disgust, and said. “No thank you… you can have it.” 
	Another pretty blue and yellow-feathered bird, flew by, and Tesmorlah, thinking that Astrid didn’t accept her offer, because she had eaten part of it; nimbly stood up, and whacked the bird with her clawed hand. It dropped to the ground, and Tesmorlah gathered up her catch, and sat back down. She then turned her head to Astrid, and held out the dead bird, for her to take. “Here you go. One all to yourself!” Astrid gave Tesmorlah an eyeful of shock, and said. “You can’t be serious? You expect me to eat that?” Tesmorlah’s face, turned to a quite confused one. “I don’t understand? Why would you not take it?” Astrid looked at the bird, and then, looked back at Tesmorlah. “It is unprepared; I would have to cook this, in order to eat it.”
	Before Tesmorlah could reply, the sleeping dragon had awoken, stood up quickly, and immediately seized the bird, grabbing it from out of Tesmorlah’s hand. The dragon didn’t do what she expected it to do, which was devour the bird, no; it pierced a stick through instead, and blew fire, torching the bird. Astrid was surprise to see it had awakened so easily, and got up on its feet like how it did; and so agile too.
The dragon handed, the bird on a stick, to Astrid. “Here! Now if you don’t mind… I would like to get some sleep!” The Dragon laid down, shut his eyes, curling up, and cradling his head in his arm. Astrid pulled off one of the bird’s wings and took a bite. She chewed a couple times, stopped for a moment to understand the chard morsel she had put in her mouth, and then, continued to chew; and took the next bite, more acceptably. It wasn’t that bad; but in her picking and biting of it, came a bit of noise. Then a noticeably loud crunching was executed by her, and the dragon, opened his eyes in irritation, staring at her. Astrid looked back into the reptile’s eyes, and continued to chew. 
	Yes. The dragon knew he wasn’t going to catch anymore rest, so he stood up, stretched his wings, and his limbs, and sat down, leaning back on a tree. Tesmorlah dangled the partially eaten bird up over her gaping mouth, and dropped it down her throat, satisfyingly, and swallowed it loudly. Another bird had flown by above them, and the dragon, tilted his head up, and blew a discrete amount of fire. The fire blew so hot, it cooked the airborne bird instantly, and as the bird fell to the ground, the dragon held his mouth open from under it, mimicking Tesmorlah; and caught, and swallowed it, showing her up, and egging her on. 
	Astrid finished, chewing to clear her mouth to speak. “You don’t seem to hold much honor and respect for yourself, or, others… are you grateful that I saved your life! Why don’t you seem grateful?” The dragon turned to Astrid, in a slow blink of his scaly eyelids. “My family, my brothers...died in that battle… and now, I have nothing left... It’s not that I am ungrateful; it’s just... that I wish I could have died along with them...” Astrid had a different outlook, from what she put together of her thoughts, and gazed at the dragon; as it looked away mournfully. For a moment, they were caught in silence. The dragon, then, turned his head, to face Astrid and Tesmorlah, bravely. “Forgive me… I do thank you for saving my life! My name is Gremoff!” Astrid replied, earnestly. “My name is Astrid.” Then Tesmorlah gave in sequence. “My name is Tesmorlah!” 
	Something had been different now. Not just between them and the dragon, but in the Forest around them, and Tesmorlah was the first to know of its manifestation. She had held her head up high and rose up on her feet. “It’s time to get moving! I sense something terrible… something terrible is going to happen! And it’s coming… from this direction!” Tesmorlah pointed off into the distance, and they all stared into the depths of the East, as if staring into the depths, of the very dissent, of hell. A path that would lead to their doom, promising, ultimate danger awaited for them within the shadows. The eyes are the windows to the soul; they felt those windows broken, having their souls shattered from them. 
	Tesmorlah... what a name. The name Tesmorlah had been familiar to Gremoff. He thought for a moment, searching in his mind, of where he had heard it before. “You are the Dragon Queen! One of the oldest dragons in the Forest!” Tesmorlah gazed down upon him, as he rose up. “Yes! You are correct.”
	Astrid finished eating the bird, and threw the stick, along with the remains, off to land, wherever it would; joining the rest of the leftovers, and scattered feathers. She wiped her mouth, and had begun a long stride, off in the direction, of where Tesmorlah had pointed out, as being dangerous. This was what she feared, but even still, Tesmorlah followed her. Gremoff apprehended the idea, and hesitated on this action; he stayed put, until Tesmorlah turned to him, as she realized, he hadn’t been following. “We could really use your help; are you coming?” Gremoff started after them. “Yes! I was just wondering if you both wanted me to join, or not. Gladly, I will.” Astrid was fanciful, by this absurd idea, of Gremoff’s; his company not being welcomed. “Of course we want you to join us! After all… why do you think I saved you?” The gray-scaled dragon, hurried up to walk alongside Astrid, and looked at her, with his bright blue reptile eyes, and said. “What are you? You’re like no other Creature I’ve ever seen? Where is the rest of your kind?” Astrid replied, as she glanced at him, and looked off into the distant Forest in front of them. “I am not from this Forest… I have come from the bottom of the Mountain!” Gremoff grew examinate about her, then, he slowly dropped his pace, to walk beside Tesmorlah, speaking in a hiss, into Tesmorlah’s ear, as he watched Astrid with a troubled stare. “Shouldn’t she have been given the Crystal?” Tesmorlah looked over at him, and gave a little laugh. She then, turned her eyes to Astrid, and said, loud, so she as well, could hear. “I was going to give her the Crystal… but she saved my life, and I respect her, and understand, that she didn’t want to be a dragon… but I was having second thoughts about giving her the Crystal… though then… she proved to be better use as a witch! Her power and abilities, are far greater than a dragon’s!” Gremoff bothered her with no more questions, saying nothing further, after she explained; nothing had to be said. He accepted, but silence doesn’t always mean acceptance... it could be, of a matter of words, not being accepted, by the ears surrounding. They continued on, for a while, in gentleness. Then, strangely, and suddenly, a strong wind blew through the Forest; and then, in a startling horror of peculiar occurrence, the calmness came back. The Forest was overtaken by an unnatural movement. Tesmorlah looked behind them, watching the wind. “Astrid, I feel a abnormal change in the atmosphere…there is something very wrong… and I fear we must hurry our pace, if we’re to stop this origin in time!” Astrid paused, and turned to face them; and then, climbed up onto Tesmorlah’s back. “Then Let’s go… Tesmorlah and Gremoff! Fly fast!” 
	Tesmorlah and Gremoff, jumped up high above the trees, and violently soared through the cloud-infested sky! What was in store for them ahead, was something they had not understood fully. Far beyond, they saw, there to be, something they had no idea to expect! A massive amount of the Forest, had been desolate, and a doom-stricken swamp. They peered at it, in horror, of what it brewed and boiled up, from the earth; but it wasn’t like they were about to turn around and go back, no; Tesmorlah and Gremoff, continued on towards it, cutting through the air, with tenacity and haste.
	Astrid looked onward, with a fierceness gleaming in her eyes!” From below them, a fireball came, blasting up; and lodged itself into Tesmorlah’s wing, and burned a hole right through! Astrid looked down, enraged with a vengeful heart, as Tesmorlah screeched in pain, and plummeted forward, scraping over the tree tops. Astrid put her hand out in a claw manner, right under them, and spoke in a harsh chant. A flat transparent, rectangular surface, had appeared underneath them, and supported, and raised Tesmorlah up from drifting down, losing altitude. She slowed quickly, and stood on top of this magic rectangle surface, that now levitated above the trees. Gremoff dove down to fight, landing on the Forest floor. He looked around, but saw nothing! He roared, in such an agitated behavior, so the enemy would know of his presence, and struck a nearby tree with his claws.
	Suddenly, right in front of him, appeared a pale-haired man; his head, faced downward. Such a pathetic enemy. His dense brows hid his eyes; eyes that Gremoff, had almost been afraid to uncover; the very mask of evil. Gremoff swung his claws at the fiend, but he disappeared, before his claws touched him. Quick little devil; he did this, as if to mock Gremoff; and Gremoff had become consumed by extreme fury! 
	Astrid left Tesmorlah lying, on the transparent rectangle, and jumped down to join Gremoff.  A blasting wave of light, blew out from the impact of her feet, when she hit the ground.  With total hunters awareness, she explored the area with her quick eyes. Everything was silent and still, then, all of a sudden, a strong wind stirred up, unsettling the ambience. Harder and harder, it blew, as if a tornado had been near! Would she have to use her magic to obstruct this hazardous obstacle. She would’ve had; if it had picked up anymore; she would be lifted off her feet, and carried away! A cloud of black fog, appeared in front of them, and a grown man’s image, came into view, in the midst of it all. The raging storm! The wind blew the black fog away, and revealed him then, more clearly; he stared at Astrid, with an evil, conniving seduction, in his gaze. But Astrid was not prey to his display of devilish charms. She quickly gave a whisper, and pulled her hands together. Violent screeching of gathering energy, sounded, as she threw a blue liquid sphere of light, hard at him! He stared into her eyes with a sick expression, but just before the sphere reached him, he had vanished! The liquid blue orb, effervesced, and crashed into a tree. It created a layer of ice, that spread out over the surface of it, until it covered the whole thing. An echoing laughter came from every direction, creating a choir of laughs. Astrid turned, and scanned the surroundings, determined to achieve sight of him; then, looked at Gremoff, who moved closer to her, in better defense against this threat; Astrid and Gremoff, now stood back to back. The laughter stopped, but the wind still blew, sending a branch soaring straight at them! Gremoff turned, and flung his tail, slamming it to the ground with all his might. 
	Astrid spoke loudly in an unknown language, then, threw her hands out! A white blazing oval of fire, blasted off, and then, had separated into four even smaller ovals of fire. Each one of them, moved out to all four sides of Astrid and Gremoff, then, stopped. The four white ovals began to flash, one after another, in sequence; and right at the moment Astrid stopped speaking, the wind ceased, and then, the ovals disappeared.
	There was a still and quiet atmosphere, for barely a second, then, the laughter came back; this time it had been just one voice. The man appeared, ten yards from them; the laughing stopped, and they both faced him, and prepared to defend themselves! He just stood there for the longest time; he didn’t speak, and he didn’t move. Astrid and Gremoff, watched patiently, and kept completely still and silent, also. Now not only were they ambushed by this fiend… their thoughts were ambushed as well. He had got inside their heads, as a whispering voice; it was like he was right next to their ear, at first; but then, they realized, he hadn’t moved from where it was, he had stood; not even a little. “Join me and I’ll spare your lives!” Astrid and Gremoff looked at each other, to see if the other was going to accept this devils obnoxious command. Neither of them said, or did anything, in response. They just held their ground, and thought: don’t listen to him! 
	The man’s voice, came and spoke inside their heads again. “So… you tell yourselves not to listen to me… but why would you have to convince yourselves of that? Join me or die. Shouldn’t you be able to do what you want to do… which is live?” What an obnoxious demon. Astrid had been abject to the voice within her thoughts. “You won’t fool me, with your trickery!” Gremoff didn’t think anything, except of how angry now, the man had made him! Gremoff rose up on his hind legs, and gave out a fearsome roar, while staring him down, about to act upon his anger; and then, had lunged at the man. He didn’t think of being cautious, in keeping a safe distance; would this be his demeanor; he wanted to be rid of this pest already; he just wanted to kill him, and have it over and done with! 
	The man put his hand out, as if he had been gripping a sword, but there was nothing in his hand! Gremoff saw this, and jumped up into the air, roaring once more. He flew over, above the man, and blew a monstrous rolling flame, then, circled back, to execute yet another attack. It was unbelievable; when the flame cleared, Astrid and Gremoff, saw that he had not even been burned in the slightest bit! Not even the farthest edge of his white cloak, had been affected by the flame! As Gremoff still flew mad towards him, the fiend had held out his hand and shouted something... something that Astrid understood perfectly to be black magic! She quickly took off, as fast as she could towards him. Gremoff was in serious trouble, he was unaware of; but she knew. The fiend faced Gremoff, and had been forming a mysterious dark ball in his hand; then, he sent it off towards Gremoff. Astrid had her hand out, and waved it in a circular motion, creating an iron chain, and then, she threw it. It took flight, spinning in the air over the man, about to bind his hands together. But then, this devil had vanished once again; just as he did the last time she threw something at him! The dark ball hit Gremoff, and he crashed to the ground. Astrid ran over to him, and looked for the damage that had been done, but there hadn’t been anything done to him; that she could see! His flesh wasn’t injured, or broken anywhere at all. After a while of inspecting him further, Astrid calmed down, and started to stroke his cheek gently. 
	Then all of a sudden, she saw his eyes open freakishly fast, and stare blankly up at nothing! His eyes, then, had turned red as blood, and his scales covered over in black! Astrid watch in trepidation, then, frantically backed far away from him! He stood up and search for her with those blood red eyes. Astrid quickly hid behind a tree, just before he had spotted her. She peeked out from behind, and found him to be sniffing the air; and then, had found her scent! She pulled her head back, as he turned and moved, creeping closer and closer to the tree she hid behind!
	His head came to the side of the tree, and then, he took a whiff of the bark. She slowly inched around the vessel to the opposite side, as he twisted his snout around it. Astrid was beyond herself. Poor Gremoff! He had been infected by the dark! But who... and where is that man that had infected him? Where did he go? Then, the voice came back, to interrupt her thoughts, and toy with her mind. “My name is Heckyeth… and… I’m right here… inside your pretty little head!” Astrid replied in thought, as she continued to slowly slither around the tree. “So you’ve turned my friend Gremoff into a Dark Creature! And let me guess… you are going to do the same with me!” Heckyeth responded with a laugh. “No! I did not quite do that! I am controlling his mind! And you won’t be able to hide from him much longer… once I tell him where you are!” Astrid asked, demandingly, in her thoughts. “What do you want from me?” Heckyeth answered, with low-slung seduction in his voice. “I want you, Astrid… I want you and need you, more so now, than when I used you to destroy the Tree of Beginning! Astrid, my darling… join me, and together we will rule this Forest, as King and Queen… we will be unstoppable!” Astrid put an end to his sick delusion. “I will not join you... on your path of destruction! You’re going alone!” 
	Just then, she jumped out from behind the tree, and froze Gremoff with a blue, lighting up, liquid! Heckyeth’s anger was greatly antagonized, by Astrid’s refusal of his offer, and he screamed inside her head, in a thousand voices. “No, you will meet destruction my sweet!”

                                               



Chapter 14

The Battle of Heckyeth and Astrid


	Astrid covered her ears, wincing in pain from the sheer agony, that had been inflicted upon her. She took her hands off her ears, though regardless of how bad it hurt. She then moved her hands over, and around and around her head, performing a spell, and spoke something in a disturbingly severe manner. A glowing haze appeared, and adorned her hair like a crown, then, she put her hands down, tense to each side of her body; she closed her eyes, and tilted her head up. There was no longer the sound, that made her cringe. She had an indifference to her surroundings, almost as if, she had a completely and heightened awareness, though pretended to appear aloof. She listened for a long time. Meditated on her enemy. Then, from a tree beside, her came the dead giveaway of his presence, in the rustle in the foliage; and Heckyeth, had jumped down, freefalling through the air. Before his feet touched the ground, she threw her hand out, and a bolt of black lightning, shot out to strike him! Heckyeth saw it coming, and put his palms out in front of him. The lightning bounced off some kind of invisible shield, and ricocheted back at Astrid! Astrid put her palms out in front of her chest, and formed a bluish, transparent liquid, forcefield. The bolt hit the watery shield, and sprang off to the side, to crash into a tree. The bolt left a huge scorched, and smoldering gash, and the tree fell over, plundering down loudly. Heckyeth and Astrid looked at each other, to wait and see, what the other would do next. Heckyeth tried to read her thoughts, but something was wrong! There had been static and white noise; something was blocking him from doing so! He laughed. “I see you’ve managed to find a way to repel me from reading your thoughts! You’re more powerful than I imagined, Astrid… that’s why you’re so beautiful to me.”
	He mad-dashed straight at her; his feet, not even touching the ground once. He stretched out both of his hands to grab her, but she disappeared; and he crashed into the tree, that had waited for him, right behind her. What a trick. He turned, and wobbled a little, while he still hovered a foot off the ground. He thought about what happened, and then, laughed loudly, and mocked her. “That was lucky, but you won’t be so lucky again… my dear!” Then, like a ghost from out of nowhere, Astrid appeared, right by his ear, and whispered. “You’re afraid of me.” He turned his head, to look, but she was gone! 
	Then suddenly, the loud roaring, of an unnaturally large cat, blasted through the trees from his right! The roaring turned into a wailing of pain. Then, a giant, mostly gray, furred beast, dropped from the sky; and crashed down, within yards in front of Heckyeth’s feet! He looked at it for awhile in bewilderment, then, grinned, and walked over to the beast. He tapped on the back of its bonce, lightly, then, the cat beast got up, and spoke the words Heckyeth commanded, in his thoughts. “Astrid? Astrid? Where are you?” Heckyeth controlled the beast’s movement with his mind, and made it stand on its hind legs and clap, while saying through, its deep beast voice. “Astrid look… I’m Heckyeth’s new pet!” Blood splashed out of the dead cat’s mouth, as it spoke. Astrid watched from afar, and had been sickened by it. She could not even begin to imagine, what kind of twisted mind, would do such a thing. Heckyeth stood the beast down, upon all four limbs, and then, made it turn its head all the way around! The sound of its neck snapping, disgusted her, now more than she could tolerate; she couldn’t take any more of this! This sick demented fun, and disrespect for the dead. 
	Astrid sent a fireball, speeding off straight for Heckyeth! This gave away her position, and he quickly counteracted with a water blast; coming from out of his palm, with great pressure and force! The fireball had been put out, the instant it collided with the forceful water. Astrid, swiftly moved out of the path of it, and spoke something in her, well recognized, now, strange tongue. She jumped high up into the air, and started to form a black and purple sphere, facing both her palms together, and moving her hands back and forth, then in circles. The black and purple sphere, began to spark with white electricity. She descended slowly to the ground, and threw it at Heckyeth! He jumped up into the air to dodge it; but this time, it didn’t run into a tree, or miss him; it followed him! Astrid smirked. The black and purple sphere, tracked hot on his heel, as he landed on the ground, and zoomed off, with an extremely fast pace! He wasn’t going to let this get the better of him. He ran straight at a tree, and hadn’t turned, even when he had come close enough to crash into it; but, as he reached the front of the tree, he quickly dashed to the side; and the sphere, broke through the tree, stopped, moved back, close to it, then idled, and gave off a hissing sound. The surface of the globe, cracked open, then, an outer shell blew up; as it detonated the tree, debris had dropped down from above Heckyeth, as he continued to zoom away. 
	He came back, not for more, but to where Astrid had thrown the black and purple sphere at him. He stopped by the dead animal, that was still standing upon its four limbs, just how he left it. He looked around into the trees, and said out loud, for Astrid to hear him. “I didn’t expect you to be powerful enough to perform magic, that I myself, have never seen! Where have you been for the last eight hundred years... Astrid?” A void that he yearned for, to be filled, was not; only more of this yearning, had filled him, and silence overtook the atmosphere. He waited and waited, but still, Astrid hadn’t answered! Heckyeth’s eyes, wandered over to the beast, and then, he looked back into the trees, sending it out; and the beast turned, and did so, like a puppet, obeying its master. Grotesque; the dead, but animated, walked on forward, as Heckyeth kept a watchful eye out for Astrid, and slowly followed after the beast. A soft, but chilling breeze, whipped through the Forest. Heckyeth continued to walk behind his beast puppet; looking to the far extreme directions, from him, he opened his mouth, and shouted, with a sense of invincibility, and superiority. “Astrid, I know you’re out there!” 
	Astrid stood on a tree branch, high above and far off, watching Heckyeth, as his eyes scanned the area, that had kept them apart. He stopped, glanced back behind him, and then, looked back in front of him, through the trees, just ahead of his idling puppet. He stalled, then, gradually continued forward, catching up to the walking dead. “You can not hide forever! I will find you… Astrid…” 
	Astrid was horrified and unsettled, by the sight of the beast; had he meant to disgust her… Its head, tilted to the side, dragging on the ground; the spine was severed, but the flesh had kept the dangling head, attached. Blood dripped out from its open mouth, and its eyes, rolled back into its skull. Heckyeth had his closed hand out, yet, close to his chest, and whispered something, no more than two syllables. He held forth his open hand, and a small red light appeared. It, then, moved forward, and flew up high into the trees; Heckyeth, said, as he watched it, raising his head, following it with his sight. “I will find you!”  He closed his eyes, and stood still.
The red light, flew on, from tree to tree, getting closer and closer to Astrid! She ducked low, behind the tree. She would have to act now; plan a surprise attack, or come up with something quick; and if she didn’t do it, here and now, she wouldn’t have the chance to again! Astrid whispered a rant, so quietly, it was as if, she hadn’t spoke anything at all, just breathed it into existence instead. She completed her spell, and a knife, with a sharp pointed tip, materialized in her hand. She used the sharp tip, to prick her finger, then, let go of the knife, to drift away in the soft breeze, and disintegrate into dust. It was as mysterious as it was misunderstood; as being a dastard thing.
	Astrid held her hand out to the ground below, and squeezed a drop of blood from her finger. The drop of blood, fell in a large empty space, for a long time; on down through the air. She waited calmly and patiently, for the drop to make its way to the ground. She was quick and keen, on sensing when it had finally reached the Forest floor, beneath. It had touched the ground, and began to spread up and out, taking the form of Astrid. Astrid, from above, looked down at her replica, now below, and had said, from her to Heckyeth, throwing him off with this decoy. “You think I’m in the trees? That would be foolish… I wouldn’t have a good defense; I’d be vulnerable!” Astrid controlled the copy with her mind; the same as Heckyeth did with the disgusting cat beast. She had made it dart far beyond the tree, next to her, and as she saw that her plan had worked; panning out successfully, and the decoy had Heckyeth’s attention; she started a whisper, in a low tone, but unfortunately, her distraction didn’t keep him misled for long. 
	Suddenly, the red light had come up from behind her; he’d found her. Swiftly turning his head, his eyes shot upon her, and he uttered violently, in a tongue unknown, and threw an onyx fireball at her! She jumped down through the air to dodge it. The moment she hit the ground, Heckyeth had sent the cat beast lunging toward her; this demented and ungodly, above all else, unnatural thing! She whispered something harsh and fast under her breath, and threw a great fireball!
	The flesh, burned off instantly, but it was still running straight at her; a burning demon from hell! She jumped up, and landed upon its back! It was something that would give one a start, from how it looked, when it abruptly stopped. The beast turned its clumsily dangling head, all the way around, to face the complete, and opposite direction, and snapped at her! Its neck was broken; she wondered what was keeping the head connected to the body; she saw a chunk of burned and bloody flesh on the back of its neck, that held it joined; the rest of the flesh, was straggly and torn, from the apparent and extreme stretching of muscles, to move in a way, where no rules applied. She kicked it hard in the jaw, and its head fell off, rolling on the ground. 
	 Heckyeth rushed over the trail of ashes, left behind from the beast, and strut up the side of the headless, skinless morbidity, of its body. He gave a long, loud, intimidating shout! Black flame, blew out from both his hands, as he threw them into Astrid’s face. Astrid quickly ducked, and blocked the blasting fire, using the same watery forcefield. The flame blew off of the sides of the convex shield, and ate away at all that surrounded; turning the beast’s flesh and bones, to ash, and setting the trees, behind her, ablaze! The three trees closest to her, were burned up entirely, and fell back, heavy; pushed over by the force of the blowing flame, crashing to the ground with the sound of cracking and crushing, that reverberated through the Forest. 
	Neither of them, showed signs of being conquered by the other, or of exhaustion, or of diminished strength. Behind the shield, Astrid threw her head back, and screamed at the top of her lungs, in two abrupt syllables. She carried out the last one for a long while, and then, the ground started to shake! The quaking, then, grew even more intense. Heckyeth strained to stay on his feet, to hold the blasting flame just a little longer; maybe he would have this yet. But he couldn’t; he fell back, and the blasting fire, ceased from his hands, when the force of the shaking earth, had spread them apart, and knocked him down off the beast!  
Astrid, had had enough! She developed a fierce and unpredicted glaze to her eyes, as she stared down at Heckyeth; she was out for blood, no mercy, no holding back! She put her hand out in a grabbing manner, and Heckyeth rose up into the air, as if he was being held up by his throat. Astrid brought her fingers slightly closer together. Heckyeth stifled in distress, and his face began to turn red, in robbing him of oxygen. 
Astrid cocked her head to one side, and watched him, with a little too much enjoyment. “Yes! It hurts... doesn’t it? But this is nothing compared to what I am to do next. I’m going to make you suffer unspeakably. You will feel ten times multiplied, the pain you’ve caused others; and even if the torture would kill you naturally, you will remain alive, until you’ve suffered all of their pain.” Heckyeth replied with a scratchy, choking whisper. “You should have never come to this Forest. You’ve brought the chaos with you, and it follows you everywhere you go... you can’t get away from it…my sweet… you’re cursed. You’re hypocritical… be who you really are, and welcome the curse... embrace it… use it for what it was designed for. Join me. Accept what you really are... you are beautifully, and exquisitely, cursed.”
	“I’ll accept what I am... a hypocrite… and I will own up to the title, and do as a hypocrite does… and kill you. Damn my soul.” 
	Astrid grinned, and drew up her other hand, pointing her index finger out at him. A tiny speck of blood-red light, drifted slowly through the air, and made its way to Heckyeth, absorbing into his body. “Let it unfold.” She released her stranglehold from him, and he fell to the ground.
	All at an instant, it was upon him. An eating pain, stirred up from inside his bowels, and he scrunched over his middle, and gave out a horrifying scream; rolling back and forth on the ground. His suffering, grew, and turned to cutting pains, as if from a sharp object; and though his limbs weren’t torn off; he felt as if they were being torn; and it had been happening to him slowly, and torturously.
	Astrid walked away, leaving him, as his fate was sealed. The screams and bellows from him, will die with this Forest, if that is what’s to come. The bigger picture, his agonizing pain, was all of theirs... 
	She wandered over to the tree, of where the replica of her, had stood idle, and touched it. It returned to its true form, a drop of blood; and absorbed back, from where it came, into the tip of her finger. Gremoff looked so majestic, frozen, how he was; like a statue of ice. She turned, and walked towards Gremoff, in her particular way. She jumped up into the air, appearing as the exalted image of power, and landed on the floating rectangle, where Tesmorlah rested. Tesmorlah glanced at her, as she finally came back up to her, after quite some time of being gone. All manner of question raised. She came over by her side and looked at her wing. “Please don’t use the healing spell on me. We don’t have the time to wait for me to recover and wake… in the morning… it will be too late. There is something terrible ahead… something evil and powerful. It is the shadows, it is the darkness… it is of a corrupted existence, and must be stopped!” Astrid replied. “I don’t have to; it’s just a minor wound, there’s not much blood loss… lucky for you, your wings are mostly cartilage. I don’t have to do all that much to heal it… actually, just a simple healing spell, just to seal your wing closed.”
 	Astrid touched Tesmorlah’s wing, on the outer edge of the hole, and it closed up with new flesh. Tesmorlah stood up, and looked at her wing, and then, looked at Astrid, as Astrid looked at her. “I will be by your side, to fight with a heart of bravery, honor, and strength.” Astrid gave her a nod. “Come on!” 
	She jumped down from the transparent rectangle, and landed next to Gremoff. Tesmorlah looked over the edge and on down, and saw Gremoff, frozen in a layer of ice. She stretched out her wings, slowly gliding in her descent, to land near Astrid, in the Forest below. As she came down, something came to her attention; there was an unexpected sound; a sound that grew louder and louder. She finally could make something of it. It had been a bloodcurdling scream, and she looked, for where, and what, it was coming from; and then, there was the horrific sight; she saw a man, lying on the ground, not just in spasms, but in a number of other things. Astrid watched her, looking at Heckyeth. “He’s the one that threw the fireball through your wing. We have to wait till he’s dead, to unfreeze Gremoff; he conjugated a controlling spell upon him, and you see that beast without a head, standing there... he’s made it to do that… to stand, to be animated. I’m not taking any chances; I’m afraid we are to wait here… for Gremoff won’t be free from his control, until he’s dead.   
	Hours passed, and Heckyeth finally died. Astrid unfroze Gremoff, and he shook off the remaining ice, while looking around frantically. “Where is he? That fiend! Where is he?” 
	That knowledge was hidden amid the dark and thick Forest. Significantly, to Astrid; as Heckyeth’s existence was discovered by her, it was also, ended by her not long after. She had learned, the will of this fiend had manifested within her, wielding her, in her vulnerable state, what was it now... eight hundred years ago. How she vexed herself for it. “He’s dead… I killed him…”
 













Chapter 15

Cristoph, Lithia, Jack, Angelus and Helen


	The Forest had changed, coming into age, with the time passed, day growing older as well. It thickened. They endured, and kept on moving, no matter what! Roots were bent up, twisted, and as black as the obscure, of the ground they clung to. The great titans of trees had spread wider and wider apart, and the moss... the moss that had been seen everywhere so far, was now more prolific than ever. Helen stumbled on a giant uplifted root, and Angelus, aside of her, caught her barely before she fell! He marveled at the fact, that she had made it this far, without spraining an ankle or something. Tightly, he held onto her, as the force of gravity and his hold on this beautiful Helen, had swung her over into his arms! She looked up into his eyes. “Angelus, what have we got ourselves into? This is too much to take, and I can’t stand it! Out of all places, if only we weren’t here!” The delicate execution of her voice, bit into his heart. Angelus peered deeply into her sparkling green eyes, with a steamy truth of passion for her. “If we never came here, then, I would have never met you! And Helen... you’re worth it all... and worth dying for.” Helen threw herself forward into him, and he held her close; and they both held each other for a long while. She drew her lips to his ear. “You’re worth dying with...” They turned their heads back to face one another, and looked at each other with ever wandering, and wanton eyes, lips desiring to meet. Then their passion exploded like a time-bomb. They started kissing violently! Helen threw her head back, and Angelus began kissing down her neck as she breathed deeply, and sensually.
	Jack, Cristoph and Lithia, walking on ahead, heard a quiet and slight rustling of movement, and then, heard Helen sigh. Cristoph and Lithia had paid no mind to it, but Jack hadn’t; he glanced back and saw Angelus, holding Helen, with her bent back, as he kissed her collarbone. She then raised her head up forcefully, and grabbed onto the back of his head and kissed him; and as she did, Angelus ran his hands down her back. That kiss from her, consumed him; how enthusiastic she was about it, and how she let the moment carry her away; away from this place. What a lovely woman; strong of mind, and of passionate desire. 
	“Enough! Come on you two!” Angelus and Helen looked at Jack, as he turned away from them to face forward, and continue walking. They then looked at each other with a knowing, an awareness of the other, and Angelus let go of her, as she grabbed onto his hand, and started to walk with him. A lovely and affectionate woman she was.
	Helen and Angelus, caught up to Jack, as a loud angry screeching and wailing, bounced through the trees! Nox woke up and looked out from under the collar of Helen’s jacket.  Cristoph and Lithia stopped both at the same time, then Jack, Angelus and Helen, stopped as well! Not knowing it, they all looked up into the trees, and Jack watched Cristoph, checking the direction of the wind, with his finger. “What is it Cristoph?” 
	Cristoph raised up his hand, and motioned Jack to be quiet! There was an abrupt change in the wind; it started to blow in the opposite direction, bringing with it, the stench of death and decay! Then the ground quaked, and Jack, Angelus and Helen, began to stumble, almost falling over. Lithia and Cristoph, stood strong, as a loud thunderous stampede, echoed from ahead of them. “Quick! We have to get up into the trees!” Lithia grabbed Jack, and jumped far up into the safety of the branches. Cristoph grabbed hold of Angelus and Helen, and flew on up, right after her, while Nox, hid underneath Helen’s collar, and clung his little dragon claws onto it, holding on for dear life! They both landed in the same tree, and then, Lithia looked over. “Grip onto the tree, as tightly as you can!” 
	Jack immediately laid out flat on the branch, and cleaved his hands on the jagged bark, locking his legs, to the sides of the branch! Cristoph grabbed onto one of the smaller branches, growing out of the bigger branch, and Angelus and Helen, held firmly to it! 
	Then, in the blink of an eye; a herd of bulky ox beasts, with blue and gray fur, and giant gray horns, stampeded, crushing all the plants, and all else in their path. The herd seemed endless, and thousands upon thousands of them, continued to charge passed. Jack closed his eyes from the redefined, god fearing sight below, and hugged the branch even tighter! Loose debris, moss, branches, leaves, all falling down from the trees; when would it be over... 
	The thunder of the stampede, began to fade, and the horrible shaking died away. Angelus glanced down and beyond the trees, he saw the herd now far, far away. Nox poked his head up, and from out of Helen’s jacket collar, and looked around, frantically filled with shock, and then, he fainted! As Angelus turned to look at Helen, he found that she was staring at him, with big sweet and saddened eyes… he let go of the branch, of which he held to, and moved closer to her. She cast her eyes down, and turned her head to the side. Of what and of how this woman thought, was a mystery to him; in all his life he hadn’t met someone like her before. 
	Angelus grabbed her hand, and held it with such care and sensitivity, as he knelt down at her feet. “What is wrong Helen?” 
	Helen kept her eyes cast down. “I was afraid for… for your soul…” Angelus questioned. “What do you mean?” Helen looked up at him, and then, back down. “I was afraid that you would die without ever knowing your Creator… without ever knowing God!” Angelus humbled himself, eyes looking down now, as well empathetic of her feelings. “I’m sorry Helen…” His eyes grew blurred with tears. “I don’t know what to say Helen! I can’t say I’m a believer in a God, just to make everything alright with you! I’m not going to lie to you Helen!” Angelus turned his head up into Helen’s eyes, which were looking back at him. Her eyes, were such beautiful eyes; completely full of love for him; she threw herself forward, and embraced him. Angelus stayed his gaze on her, and softness lavished his tone. “I’m sorry…” Helen was an all too sweet of a girl, an angel; overcome right away with humility, and peacefulness. “Shhhh it’s okay! I have faith that someday you will!” 
	Cristoph walked over to Jack, still clinging to the branch, and picked him up. Jack yelled no, and had ripped off some of the bark along with him! When he realized the stampeding herd was gone, and it was just Cristoph; he settled down and brushed himself off. “Oh! It’s over!” Cristoph walked passed Jack, towards Lithia, sitting upon the branch, while Jack’s attention, had been caught, by something he overheard Helen and Angelus speaking of; something very emotional, spiritual, and altogether stirring. What a beautiful idea. Cristoph sat down beside Lithia, and she acknowledged him, as he did. “Are those two alright?” Cristoph glanced over at Helen and Angelus, where Lithia had darted her eyes to. “Yes… Helen was just upset, because Angelus’s soul, would be damned! Ha, it’s funny you know… humans don’t know there’s a Creator automatically! They have this thing called faith… a process of believing, they must go through!” Lithia returned her stare to the trees, in front of her. “Ah, the Secret! Our Creator... but the humans’ Savior! Yes! It’s a laugh!” They sat in silence, and Cristoph stared at Lithia for a while, until she looked back at him. “What?” Cristoph replied. “Did it ever occur to you, why the Creator has given us power? It is so we won’t need his help! We aren’t a part of the human world… Lithia; we are a part of this Forest…”  
	Jack moved over near to Cristoph and Lithia, and asked. “Lithia, I just thought of something! Remember the trees I came through to get to you, in the cromlech?” Jack paused for her to reply, but she just nodded, and stared blankly at him, as he continued. “Well… why don’t we use the trees to get to the Tree of Ending… it would save time!” Lithia stood up and began to reply, while Cristoph rose to stand beside her. She said. “Those trees were being powered by the Sacred Stones—oh how can I put it in a way you will understand… ah! Yes, you can’t comprehend it, for in your world, the Creator limits your minds, of what you can understand… but don’t worry! Your eyes will be opened someday.” Jack looked at her, dumbfounded, and questioned, as she jumped up above, and leapt over him and Cristoph, to land on the branch on the other side of them. “Try me! I might understand! But then again… maybe you’re right! I mean… there is a lot I don’t get about this Forest! This Forest… I’m doomed to die in. What am I doing here? Oh yeah, well dad... I found the Forest! But I won’t live to prove it! But whom do I have to prove it to…the rest of the world? No! Because when Lithia and Cristoph destroy the Tree of Ending, there won’t be anything left to gather evidence of, of this Forest… let alone me! Yes, ‘cause I will be dead and gone with it!” Jack continued to ramble on and on, and Lithia questioned, doubting his sanity. “Are you mad?” Jack didn’t answer, he just kept rambling on nonsense, as if she had never spoke. 
	Cristoph walked up to Jack, and grabbed hold of him, and gave him a good shake to rouse his logic. “Jack, Jack! Pull yourself together you lunatic!” Jack was completely obsessed, and didn’t listen or respond at all. He just went on and on about everything he didn’t understand, and that nothing mattered! Lithia closed her eyes in annoyance, for a moment, and then, opened them. “Alright! I’ll tell you! Even though you won’t understand… I’ll tell you!”
	Immediately Jack stopped, and faced Lithia, with total sanity and intrigue, and waited for her to tell him all he wanted to know.
	She looked at him sincerely. “The Portal Trees that you came through, are controlled by the Sacred Stones. They only open up to lead you to the Sacred Stones, not to wherever you wish!” Jack questioned. “Who controls the Sacred Stones?” Lithia sighed. “That’s what you won’t be able to understand! But here it goes: The Sacred Stones are not bound by time! Anything that is frozen in it, as stone, will not age! It is controlled by the one who is not bound by time; it is controlled by the one who began the world, but didn’t begin themselves! And that’s what you don’t understand; that’s what your mind can’t comprehend… our Creator, has always been, and always will be! Though it doesn’t make sense scientifically to you! The Secret has always been, and is the Creator of time… the world… and everything you know... and don’t know!” 
	Jack looked at her with a confused expression, and then, looked up at what little part of the sky he could see. He said out loud—not to himself, not to Lithia, Cristoph, Helen or Angelus... but to God. “Our flesh can’t understand… only our spirit can… forgive me…” 














Chapter 16

We Must Hurry
 

	“This is not going to end well.” said Astrid, riding on Tesmorlah’s back, as Gremoff and her, flew onward and into a storm of raging chaos! The sky roared with thunder, and lightning flashed from behind the thick dark clouds! It was as awful, as it was beautiful, at the same time. A bright orange glow, flickered from beyond in the Forest. The cause of it had appeared, as they got closer, and realized the trees were set on fire! 
Tesmorlah took in a nostril full of the air. “The evil is growing stronger!” 
	Suddenly the wind was gone, and even though they flew fast, they created none of themselves. Their wings felt naked by this phenomenon; in this deep silence and eerie calm. Thousands of the Forest’s trees below them, were dead or had fallen; all the plants though, had been one, of either dead, trampled, or dying.
	They flew on... it only got worse! Now there had been no life at all; no plants, or even moss, or a sign that there had ever been… just dead trees, dirt and rock. It was desolate, the very skin of the Forest, had been stripped. After a while now, they had come to see skeletons, and then, dead Creatures; that were scattered here and there abroad. Blood smears, stained the trees, of where, for days, a gruesome battle had taken place. And this is what was left… a graveyard of thousands upon thousands of the dead. The varieties of Creatures, had not been seen throughout the Forest like this before… by Tesmorlah, nor Gremoff. The numbers became greater and greater, until there were millions and millions of carcasses, scattered, and stacked upon each other. The empty Forest floor, was now completely covered over, and piled up high with bodies. 
	The sight of them began to turn Astrid’s stomach, but she couldn’t look away, for there was nowhere else to look; they were everywhere. Even the sky seemed to be covered with the dead, reflecting them like the ocean. 
	The illusion of the silence of death, had been broken, by a violently cracking thunder! Astrid peered up into the sky, with a well-placed, fanatical expression. The first drop of rain fell from the clouds, and splattered hard on Astrid’s face; as if to say: I’ll be the tear you should be baring. Then the rain started to pour down, and Astrid drew back her hood, and let it drench her long, silvery-blonde hair. A sudden wind current, swooped up from under Tesmorlah, and pushed her higher into the sky. Gremoff hesitated for a moment, then, swiftly followed. 
As Gremoff rose higher into the sky, it was unexpected, but not a total surprise, of what had happened, considering a storms behavior. A freakishly extreme wind, tore a branch off a tree, from below, tossing it at him, twirling in the air! Gremoff had been knocked unconscious, and dropped like a rock to the earth! Tesmorlah and Astrid, continued on. They didn’t know that, or hear the branch strike Gremoff, for the rain, the thunder, and wind, had drowned out the sound; they hadn’t known anything of what had happened to Gremoff. 
	When Astrid finally realized, that Gremoff wasn’t there with them by their side, she had become overtaken with distress. She looked back and around, in every direction, and found nothing; but that he wasn’t with them!
Astrid quickly declared to Tesmorlah, concentrating on keeping her control; though struggling to do so, in the obnoxious storm. “Gremoff has vanished… he could have been attacked, or captured.” It was unknown, what went wrong. Something on the ground, had taken him though! “We must go back for him!” Tesmorlah glanced to her sides, and saw that he wasn’t there! She tried to turn her head to look back, but the wind and rain, was still fighting against her! She wrestled once more to turn her head. “Are you sure he’s not behind us?” Astrid answered, confirming. “Yes! He’s not behind us… above us, under us, or aside of us; he’s disappeared!” Tesmorlah quickly turned around in the storm, with all her might and mane. “Then we must go back for him!”
	A furious bolt of lightning struck the ground just ahead of them, and there was an angry cracking thunder, that had rumbled after it! Tesmorlah started down to the trees. 
	Astrid looked upon all the dead Creatures, and tried to spot him, but there were too many dead dragons that looked just like him! Tesmorlah grew weary after a while. “Do you see him?” Astrid replied with great disappointment. “It’s hard to tell! We’ll have to land, and search on foot!” Tesmorlah began to glide down, as steady as she could go. The trees had been so far apart from each other, she could keep her wings completely stretched out as she flew, so that was helpful to her, in these extreme conditions. 
	They drew nearer and nearer to the ground, and the stench of the carcasses, became worse and worse, steaming up from the rain. The stench of decomposing flesh had become unbearable; Astrid couldn’t breathe! But just as Tesmorlah had landed, Astrid waved her hand out over her head, and with the last of her breath, of which she held in, she whispered something in the same tongue she spoke all her magic; always had sounded like strange gibberish to Tesmorlah. 
	Astrid had stopped speaking, she took a deep breath. “This is much better!” Tesmorlah was struck by amazement; the air was fine. “The smell… the awful smell is gone!” Tesmorlah continued to breathe, taking deeper breaths, and then, Astrid shimmied down from off her back. She took a few steps, and then, brought up her hand, in a fist. Tesmorlah heard a knocking, like the knocking on a door, and turned her head towards Astrid, to see that she was knocking on some sort of invisible wall, of something that completely surrounded and shut out the forest. It made the sound, of what would be undeniably glass! 
Tesmorlah stared at Astrid’s hand, which had knocked three times, then stopped. Astrid sensed that Tesmorlah was staring at her, so she turned to look at her, and said. “We’re in what’s called, a Breathing Dome!” She then, turned back away from Tesmorlah, and touched her fingertips to the invisible dome wall. “Now we can search for Gremoff! Come on, do as I do. Knock on the dome wall three times, and then, touch your… your claws to it! The dome will split into two separate domes, and we can split up and find Gremoff faster, cover more ground.” 
Tesmorlah knocked on the wall of the Breathing Dome, and touched her claws to it, just as Astrid told her to. 
Astrid started walking away from Tesmorlah, and then, Tesmorlah stood up on all four limbs, and walked away in the opposite direction. 
	Suddenly, a dream-state, a premonition came over Tesmorlah! She was having a vision of her, Astrid and Gremoff, flying towards the evil force; they were polluted by the dark, and were turned into Dark Creatures, before reaching it! 
Tesmorlah shivered in fright, then, swung her head to look at Astrid behind her. She hesitated for a moment, but then, quickly got back on track. “We don’t have much time! We must hurry!”






Chapter 17

Gremoff


	The rain had stopped. Gremoff opened his eyes, but saw only a blur. He blinked, then opened his eyes again, and saw that the treetops surrounded him; the ones of which, previously, he was flying over.
	His left leg was numb and buckled underneath him. He tried to move it, but when he felt a sharp stabbing pain, throbbing from his thigh all the way down to his foot; he stopped right away, and groaned in pain. 
	After five seconds of lying still, he tried lifting his head up. But when his head wasn’t rising, he realized, a heavy branch had his neck pinned down. 
	Gremoff felt sore all over his body, and his left leg, ached terribly. Thoughts raced through his mind, as he laid still, once more, and struggled to ignore the pain. He wondered how long he had been unconscious… and whether if Tesmorlah and Astrid, noticed he wasn’t with them? His thoughts wandered on and on, and then, he pulled himself together with all his might, and decided to try to get to his feet, no matter how bad it hurt! 
	He brought his sore arms, in closer to him, and pushed his chest up from off the ground! As he started to pull his right leg in, most of his weight had been supported on his lower left side, and an excruciating strain, almost made him collapse; but he endured it, and quickly held all his weight with his left side, as he dragged his right foot up, and stood on it! His left leg bone, snapped, and tore out through his flesh! He threw up his head, and wailed, and growled, for he was in so much pain!
Gremoff now stood on three of his limbs, with his left leg severally injured. He dare not look back at his leg, for the sight of it would pale him to a new horror, of a kind he had never experienced before! He whimpered and grunted, then, seized his mouth shut and clenched his teeth together, in hopes to gain enough strength and courage, to attempt to walk; take a step. 
	Gremoff lifted up his left front limb and stepped forward, letting all his weight rest, braced on it, and then, drew his right foot forward. Unable to lift his hind left leg up, it dragged in the dirt clumsily! He growled, as his protruding bone, shifted forward! He stood still, breathed heavily, then, whimpered a tear from his eye. 
	His breathing narrowed, and his muscles tensed, to overcome the pain. There was a horrible stench in the air…
	He slowly looked up, gaining an awareness in his dizziness, and off state of extreme injury, to understand exactly, where it was that he had been. His interpretations of his surroundings were god-awful; nothing, but death... bodies all around him! Though all of the Creatures, were mostly decayed… by the large, their skeletons were visible; but their decomposing odor, was still terrible, regardless the progression of the visual side of it.
	Gremoff scanned the area all around him, confused about what direction Tesmorlah, Astrid, and him, were headed? Everything around him, looked exactly the same, and he hadn’t known where to start.... what to do.... where to go from here.
	Thunder rolled with the clouds in the sky. He looked up, into their great vanquishing of the heavens, and it occurred to him; the clouds moved in the opposite direction, when flying with Tesmorlah and Astrid! Gremoff took his gaze from upon the sky, and looked behind him, in the way unpredicted, the path unknown; where the clouds rolled away. 
	Once again, he picked up his left paw and stepped forward; then, his rear right limb, followed by his right paw, while at the same time, his left leg dragged in the mud.
	The pain in his left leg, was more of a feeling of pressure, after the bone had shifted forward. He limped, as he turned in a complete circle, to meet the mouth of the desolate Forest.
He stopped to look up at the clouds for a second time, and watched them float passed for a mere moment. Then he brought his head down, and peered straight ahead, and took his first limp into hell.
 	A faint whistling breeze, carrying small bits of crumbled leaves, blew over the dead Creatures, lying in a wide-open space, as if they were forever to be lying there. 
	He followed the gust with his eyes, while still limping onward, and watched it race off through the trees; then, he returned his gaze to the distant sea of corpses beyond him.  
	Gremoff discovered, as he moved farther and farther away from where he was lying, the dead Creatures had become fresher and fresher in kill; the smell of the decomposing bodies, became stronger and stronger... then, almost unbearable. 
	It was ironically mordant, that so many different kinds of Creatures, that would never come together in life, had come together in death. 
	It started to rain in a mild drizzle. The small falling drops of water, ran down Gremoff’s scales, and mixed with the blood from his dragging leg; then, slowly streamed down his foot, leaving a trail of blood and water behind, on the ground. 
	With shallow breaths, he hoped the stench would fade, as he moved further on. But then, he saw something that had ripped the hope right out of him! 
	Corpses everywhere; a sight far more intensified, seen from on the ground, than from above in the sky; piled onto each other, and covering the ground completely! This would mean he would have to walk atop of them; he was sickened with even the idea! The very threshold of all hell he knew to be, had been surpassed by this unholy visual. There was no way he would take another step! Thoughts of breaking open their flesh, and sinking into their bodies, was already too much horror for him to have dealt with. 
	Gremoff churned over in his mind, all that was disturbingly frightful, dreadfully revolting.  He looked off into the distance, and then, drew his eyes up to the far away clouds. 
	Hope returned to him, and he spoke out loud, in eagerness. “That’s it! If only”— Gremoff examined at his wing, as he strained to lift it! He could barely, but, halfway stretch it out; a terrible pain, jolted forth from his wing, into his shoulder-blade. All in an instant of dismay, he turned his head away; he drew it down, close to the ground, closed his eyes, and grunted, while he held his teeth tight together, breathing heavily regardless of the awful smell. His nostrils flared, and blew away a small fragment of a dried up leaf. He opened his eyes and stared blatantly upon the wet ground.
	Something had changed in the atmosphere! What was there. Someone or something, had been watching him! Gremoff hesitated on what to do, but then, was curious as to why, whatever on earth it was, it was not attacking him? He decided to remain in his position, and pretend to be unaware of it, aloof to his surroundings. 
He waited for a while for something more to happen... but nothing happened! He then, alertly raised his head, and peered straightforward, yet still nothing happened.
	The sense of it watching him, made him uneasy. Was it harmless? Was it afraid of him? Or was it a Dark Creature, preying upon him? He wasn’t sure what it was!
	Staring off into the distance, he decide to take a limp forward, hoping that it would see how helpless he was, and leave him be.
	But suddenly, while he picked up his left paw, he heard a pitter-pattering sound of tiny bare feet, rapidly beating on the hard wet ground. The sound grew louder and louder, and had him frightened! 
	Whatever it had been, it was coming from behind him! He turned his head in a panic, and found the ugliest little Creature he had ever seen! The little demon, whacked him hard on his injured leg, and Gremoff roared loudly in agony! The sound of his roar, echoed thunderously through the trees!
	Far off, Tesmorlah heard his cry! She sensed something had been terribly wrong, and that she should hurry to him! She jumped up into the air, over a mound of carcasses, and planned to land on the other side; but when she saw that the ground was entirely covered with these rotting Creatures, she drew out her wings, at the last minute, and glided on over them! 
She heard another roar. It came from straight ahead! She kept a sharp eye out for Gremoff, or any movement, for that matter!
	Gremoff frantically search the trees around him for the little devil! His limbs trembled, for he strained from collapsing to the ground! 
	The sound of the clattering feet came back again! Gremoff quickly swung his head to his left side, and attempted to catch the mischievous demon in his teeth, but the little devil was too quick! It jumped up onto Gremoff’s head, and grabbed, and pulled on his ears; so severely, they began to tear and bleed! 
	Tesmorlah heard another roar, but this time it was a bit more shaky, raspy; atrociously horrifying! She realized she had lost altitude, and was lowering to the massive sea of dead Creatures! She flapped her wings hard twice, and lifted higher into the air. It was not an easy task to locate where he was, considering all the Creatures of his kind scattered abroad. So many in number; the most horrifying slaughter, throughout all, of Tesmorlah’s years; and the history of the Forest.
	She saw him! A Dargrath held onto him by the ears, biting his head, and upper neck; ripping giant chunks of flesh off, and spitting them out, to roll down Gremoff’s back one after another. 
	Tesmorlah became enraged, as she saw Gremoff collapse! She dove down as fast as she could, straight for the little demon! 
	The Dargrath zipped his head up, and stared at her, as she roared at him angrily, glaring down upon him. Just before she reached him, he sped off at a tremendous rate, and faded into the distance! Tesmorlah clasped her open mouth shut, right over Gremoff’s head, in her failed attempt to snag the demon, then, glided on over him and landed.
	She found the scent of the Dargrath fresh in the air, and followed it. She came to a tree and looked up, and on a high branch; there he was, sitting there, staring at her, with his soulless devil eyes.
	
	Astrid searched and searched, but found no sign of Gremoff! She stopped, in a skid of her heel, and looked off to each chaotic extreme, of what was to both sides of her; then her eyes turned violet, and she had adjusted her vision; enhanced, as if she were looking through binoculars. She carefully scanned the area, turning around on her feet, slowly, and then! She saw Tesmorlah! Once again, she was being attacked, but this time, by some sort of small, fast moving, and some kind of, Dark Creature; but not one she had seen before. The agility of this little thing, was incredible, she couldn’t quite make out what it was, but it’s not like she was going to wait around, to try to do so!
	She immediately took off running, wasting no time, and also, performed a spell; whispering, while on the move. Now she began to run at an unreal speed; she had been a blur, moving through the massacre.  
	The Dargrath came out of nowhere, and stabbed its three long and blackened dirty claws, into Tesmorlah’s shoulder! Tesmorlah cried out, in pain, while turning her head to face the Dargrath! As he ran away, she blew a Solar Blast, chasing after him, but missed; he was just too quick!
	After the light from the blast disappeared, he was gone, like something ghostly! Tesmorlah searched the trees, and sniffed the air. The little demon did not make a sound, and she hadn’t realized at all, his movement, as he jumped off a branch behind her, and flew at her, with his mouth wide open, ready to take a huge chunk out of her! But, Astrid, moving towards the little devil with great speed and velocity, grabbed him by the neck, seizing the little parasite, just as he was about to have his claws in the Dragon Queen’s flesh! Astrid stopped abruptly, but still, with elegance and composure! When Tesmorlah turned to look at her, Astrid had debilitated and broken the devil’s neck; this mischievous thing… dark little twisted pest.
Her hand, opened, and its lifeless body, dropped from her grasp, to the ground, to join the vast collection of all the other dead Creatures.
	Astrid swiftly moved towards Gremoff, to observe his condition! Gremoff coughed, as she came over, knelt down, and gently stroked his cheek. While she did, she looked at the gashes in his neck, and the back of his head; and then, checked over the rest of his body; down to his fractured leg! 
	Gremoff coughed again. “I know what you are thinking, but don’t! Go with Tesmorlah, and defeat the evil before it’s too late!” 
	“No! I won’t leave you here” 
	Gremoff lifted his head, and cut her off from saying anything more. He gave out a loud roar, with all that remained of his strength. “Go!”
	His head collapsed to the ground, and his body relaxed; then, he ceased to breathe… 	
Astrid was in disbelief, unaccepting of the obvious signs, that Gremoff had been gone now. She hurriedly, and desperately, moved to Gremoff, and put out her hand to heal him; but her magic failed. She tried yet again, and Tesmorlah came by her side, and had looked down upon him. A tear, rolled down Tesmorlah’s snout, and landed on Gremoff’s left bicep. Astrid tried her magic once more, but still, failed to restore his blood, or heal his flesh…
	Tesmorlah tapped Astrid on the shoulder, with her index claw. “Astrid... he’s gone… let him be now.” Astrid stopped her idle attempts, of doing anything about this. She drew her hand down, and stared at his dead body for a moment. “Gremoff! We will avenge you!”
	Astrid turned away from the lifeless view of Gremoff, to look up at Tesmorlah. She found tears in her eyes; was this harder for her to accept, than it was for Astrid. She glanced at the blood, streaming from Tesmorlah’s wounds, and climbed up onto her back, placing her hand over the area. 
	The three punctures healed shut with new flesh; Astrid stood up on her back. “Does it hurt anywhere?” Tesmorlah bowed her head down, and shut her eyes. “Only in my heart…”
	There wasn’t much to say to this. Astrid just hoped that she could find the courage, to see their quest through, to the very end; but before she could think of something appropriate to say, something unexpected had happened. 
	Tesmorlah changed her mood! Overtaken with determination, to settle old scores, that had been put off for far too long; she alertly seized open her eyes, and peered into the calling abyss of destiny, in front of her; throwing out her wings, she jumped up into the air!
	Astrid held on tightly, and a true leader, a Dragon Queen was reborn, soared up into the sky courageously; she took off with great speed, towards the evil that lied ahead!
	Astrid shouted. “What was that all about?” 
	Tesmorlah didn’t answer; she declared in a roar. “From this day forward, let it be known: The day Gremoff died, was the day all evil dies along with him!”  
	Tesmorlah and Astrid, had lost their beloved friend Gremoff, and they both, had mourned for him in their own way. There wasn’t much to look forward to... but now, was not the time to let sorrow get in the way, and get the better of them.... and so, they set out to destroy the evil, that afflicted them, and tormented them, once and for all. 






















Chapter 18

Superior Lithia


	Around the swamp they continued. 
A frosty screeching came from above, and Jack, Helen and Angelus, stared up into the trees, petrified with fear! It was the high pitched screeching of a large bird! Lithia and Cristoph continued on calmly. 
	Angelus and Helen, hurried, and neared closer to Lithia and Cristoph, and then, Jack ran on after them! “There’s something that is stalking us!” Lithia turned to him, wellbeing intact. “Yes, I know. It’s not a big deal.” 
	Jack looked at her strangely, while Cristoph raised his head to see if something had been there; and then, he drew his head down, and had gazed then ahead. “It’s in front of us!”
“Mother...” Jack’s jaw dropped, when he saw what it was. Angelus and Helen, had stopped dead in their tracks, at the same time; with brought on so sudden, confusion, turning their heads at Jack bizarrely. Observation lingered to know what was going on exactly. “Mother?” Then, just Angelus, turned on his heel. “What do you mean, Mother?” 
	Jack stood, his back facing them, and hadn’t answered them, or even seemed to take notice they spoke. He just peered ahead in a hypnotized, entranced mind. Angelus and Helen, searched over the Forest, to find what it was, he had been looking at; but they saw nothing!
	Then, suddenly, came the screeching again; it had been no mystery now, from where it came! Jack’s eyes were fixed forward, and then, like a zombie, he walked towards the sound. Angelus ran to him, seized him, holding him back by the arm. “Are you mad? It will kill you!” 
	Jack didn’t reply to him, but just flung Angelus off and away, like an insect, and continued to walk forward. “Yes Mother… I’m coming!” 
	Cristoph jumped up, landed by Jack, and knocked him down on the ground; and pinned him there with his foot.
	The screeching came again, but this time, it had been followed by the sound, of powerful and fast wings, cutting through the air; finally, they saw it! It was a great black, and red-feathered, bird, with iridescent yellow, soul-sucking eyes, that were distinguished very devilishly, by its red beak!
	Underneath Cristoph’s foot, Jack squirmed to be free, and repeated over and over, in a monotone voice. “Mother, Mother, Mother, Mother.”
	The bird darted straight at Cristoph! The thing was quick and alert, and it would be hard to make a getaway and escape it. Cristoph picked up Jack and fled, jumping up in the air!
	The bird was in hot pursuit of him; every dash through the trees, and every tricky move he had made in maneuver to shake this fowl, it still, had been right there behind him! 
	Jack kept on twisting, and struggling, to get free from Cristoph’s firm grasp, but it proved useless; it didn’t help much though, on Cristoph’s chances of losing the screeching goliath. The bird had gained on him, and now, snapped its beak at Cristoph’s legs! It wouldn’t be much longer, until the bird had caught him, then, it would be a wrestling battle to the death!
Just then, as the bird was about to successfully snap its beak shut on Cristoph’s foot; Lithia came flying through the air, and body slammed the right side of its head, with full force, as hard as she could!
	It had been knocked unconscious; the bird dropped to the ground, and slid in the foliage, clumsily. Cristoph stopped in relief and out of breath. When he saw the bird crash to the ground, he looked at Lithia appreciatively, and nodded.
	Jack came to his senses, and shook his head in puzzlement. “What happened Cristoph?”  
	Out of nowhere in a rushing gust, before Cristoph could respond, another bird swooped down and struck him, with the edge of its wing! 
Left behind, from the passing goliath, had been a scratch, that went all the way down his arm; blood slowly ran out of the fine cut line. Lithia landed, and had her back turned to Cristoph; she hadn’t seen the bird, nor did she know, that it had now come at her!
	Cristoph quickly dashed to her rescue!
	The bird had its feet ready to grab hold of Lithia, but, just in the nick of time, Cristoph pushed her out of the way, and they all tumbled and rolled off to the side! 
	Cristoph rose upon his feet immediately, when they finally came to a stop; but Lithia, just lied there, silent and still, on the ground, looking up. Jack groaned, and rolled to one side, he complained of how much his body had ached.
	Cristoph leaned down next to Lithia. “Are you alright?” Lithia stared into his eyes, mad as hell, but kept silent; Cristoph recognized this right away, that she was angry with him for knocking her down. She had a pride about her that should not be challenged. “I’m sorry, but the bird would have carried you off, if I hadn’t done anything!” 
	But even after Cristoph explained, Lithia still kept her silence, looked away from him, got up, then, walked off.
	Cristoph watch her, while Jack still groaned. Angelus and Helen came running over. “Cristoph! We found a place to hide, in that fallen tree over there! We’ll take Jack and hide with him.” Angelus, was on this one, and knew that it would be better, if all of them stayed out of the way. “You and Lithia kill the bird!” Nox poked his head out and gasped in shock, then, fainted once again. “Bird! Hhhh…” 
	Cristoph had a sincere determination about him; he hadn’t even looked back at them. All he did, was agree, while he still watched Lithia. “Yes, you hide with Jack… Lithia and I, will destroy the bird…”
	He glanced back for only a second, as Helen and Angelus, sat Jack down at the entrance of the fallen hollow tree, and pulled him in by the arms.
	Cristoph stared forward at Lithia, walking away, and then, changed his expression to an all, so, confused one. Where did I go wrong? He came to a conclusion in his thoughts, just before he went after her. I did nothing wrong!
	Lithia heard the screeching again, but this time it was close; very close! She drew her sword, and kept an eye out for the feathered giant! She thoroughly, and cautiously, gained an awareness, of all that had been around her. She heard something coming up from behind! She quickly flung her sword around!
	Cristoph saw that her sword was swinging for his head; he drew his sword, and blocked it; iron clinging together, before it almost severed off his head!
	Lithia stared in surprise at him as their blades met! Both swords remained against one another, while she marveled upon his appearance! Her eyes, crawling up his muscular outstretched arm, and his firm upper body; then, she returned her gaze, into his eyes assertively. 
Lithia became enraged. “What do you think you are doing… I could of took your head off!” Cristoph looked at her sternly. “What do I think I’m doing? What do you think you’re doing! You should take more notice to what’s around you!” This really got under Lithia’s skin; she didn’t like to be told what to do, especially by a man. Lithia stepped forward in full angst, challenging him; and pressed and scraped her sword against his. Cristoph, boldly stared back into her eyes, as she drew her face closer to his. “I am aware!” 
	Lithia turned, holding out her sword, pointing down to the ground, as she walked away from him, keeping an eye out for the bird. What nonsense. She stopped and became greatly agitated, when Cristoph instigated her; he spoke softly, under his breath, after a sly short laugh. “If you would just admit that I am far superior to you… we wouldn’t have to fight about it!” She turned her head to one side, spotting him in her peripheral vision. “Superior! I highly doubt that!” 
	Cristoph laughed again. “Yes… but still, you needed me to knock you out of the way to escape the bird!” Lithia turned, and said, in a soft voice, with a bit of sport and fun to it. “Well then…” She rested her head on her fist, and looked down for a moment and smirked. She raised her head to reveal to Cristoph, her sense of humor in regards to all this. “Whoever kills the bird first, is superior!” 
	She jumped up, and started bouncing away, leaping from tree to tree! This wasn’t a game, but it was to her; yes, this was the Lithia that Cristoph was familiar with. 
	He opened his wings and flew after her! Lithia continued to jump on, from branch to branch, while listening for the bird, then, suddenly, there was Cristoph! 
	He had caught up to her, and was now, flying at the same speed as she had been jumping; this was just to tease her, really. He glanced over at her, to see the temper on her face, but there was none… she was completely fine. What tricks did she have, plotting in that tenacious mind of hers. 
	The high pitched screeching, pierced down from above, and Lithia leapt out, right in front of the bird as it flew, instantaneously! Before Cristoph could even look, Lithia had already cut off its wing, and the bird fell to the ground, screeching uproariously, in its failed attempts to keep from falling! 
	Lithia glanced down at Cristoph, victorious to see the expression on his face, as she landed on a high branch above him. 
	Cristoph noticed another bird, diving down from overhead of Lithia! He smirked slyly, as she continued to stare at him, watching for him to make his move. 
She bounced up, and began to move towards it, with her sword ready! Cristoph bested her; he swiftly zoomed passed, and struck the bird three times with his blade! 
	Lithia stopped, and glared at him, with rage and frustration, watching, as the bird split apart, and plummet to the Forest floor in pieces!
	Cristoph stayed there, in the air, and gazed back at her, with a fierce and unshakable, proud stare; not succumbing to her temper. She was truly the Maiden of Madness... high spirited, and egocentric as a queen with her abilities, deserves to be; but he had something to prove to her; he had to prove himself.
	All of a sudden she could take it no more. She was overcome by all of this; all of him, and what he had been now; how hot and bothered this had made her. She dashed and grabbed ahold of him, and held him close to the ensnaring warmth of her body, and violently kissed him. She moved her hands skillfully and lustfully, up and over his muscles, and manhood. Cristoph grabbed her tight, and turned with her in the air, spiraling up, as he returned her kiss; kissing her more strongly! He moved with her, coaxing her to a tree, but when he came close enough to it, she kicked off of it with great force! They went coasting through the air, in the opposite direction, and towards another tree. Cristoph’s back slammed against it hard. He grabbed her, being equally rough with her, and turned, now slamming her back to the tree. She began undressing him, and threw his armor off to the side, to catch on claws of lingering branches, reaching out from the larger branch aside them.
	Animalistic passion had taken over; the beast caged within, had been freed, to do what it was meant to do. They kissed, and touched each other wantonly. Cristoph glided to the branch, and laid her upon it; while he ran his hand down her thigh, and up under her armored skirt.
	She wrapped her left leg around him, pulling him to her, as he removed her breastplate. 
What was this? He noticed something peculiar that he had never noticed; nor had been told of… How did this happen to his beautiful Lithia. She had a large scar across her chest. He started to kiss it gently, and threw her armor off to one side. She drew up her face to his, and kissed him; he lifted her skirt, and began to enter into her; a pleasure that was craved for, more and more... Passion had overtaken them, and they had not given thought, nor had known of where, or how, their hands or bodies were moving, touching; but they moved to where it was needed... and where it brought more of this rapturous bliss; lost in insatiable want, and dependent upon their senses.

	The sun had set, and Jack, Angelus and Helen, still waited in the fallen tree. Jack poked his head out of the entrance, to see if Cristoph or Lithia, were in sight. Angelus grabbed Jack, and pulled him back in. “Are you crazy? It’s not safe out there!” 
	Just then, the air became colder, and now, carried with it an eerie tranquility; and the Forest was struck with silence by it; then, a vile laughter broke the silence; in one, but of many voices overlapping each other, devilishly and frightful. Fright from a tragic place in time, where so many dreams had been lost, and so many hopeful hearts had been ripped out. An ancient evil, covering over, bringing the darkest of shadows; fascinated by other’s misfortune. A magnificent tragedy of torture, and cruel and bloody deeds; lost, becoming enveloped in an atmosphere of an altered reality, cursed to forever wander alone, with just a curious glimpse of what it used to be. A half asleep existence, searching for pieces of itself, that can never be found or put back together; roaming aimlessly through eternity, ruthless, restless, drifting in an alternate universe, hungry for discovery, obsessing to remember the past.     
	Angelus, Helen, and Jack, peered with unease into the distant surroundings! A figure of a woman, walked towards them, becoming more visible, with each deadly step, to what ungodly thing she was. Her eyes cast down, and her dark hair, covering her face, in motionless mystery.
“Coral...?” Angelus said with great confusion, as she drew her head up for him to see what it was, that had become of her. A monster! Coral’s devilish eyes, looked on at him, left him frozen in fear; all memories of her before, now tormented by this vision of her. “Coral…? My name is not Coral!” 
	A man, with the same pale white skin as hers, came out of the darkness and stood beside her. Her eyes turned to him, as he looked over at Jack, Angelus and Helen, inside the hollow of the tree. She smiled slyly, as he, afterwards, came to looked at her. They analyzed at each other, as if communicating without words. What was this about... Both smiled devilishly together; and opened their mouths, and gave out this horrifying, hissing whisper! 
	Angelus, Helen, and Jack, then saw their teeth, and Helen could not fathom. “Vampires!” Jack added with a terrified expression, by taking closer notice, to what Helen had claimed. “You’ve got to be kidding me!”
	Out of nowhere, and from far away, he, the Vampire, appeared right there by the entrance! He bent down and gazed at them, tilting his head to one side. 
	They crawled to the furthest of the trunk as fast as they could, but he was there as well, like he had been waiting there all along! What trickery was this! Jack, Angelus, and Helen, were in the center of the hollowed out fallen tree, watching at both ends, and then, the Vampire started to crawl inside, from one of them, slowly… with a melody, a soft singing. It was haunting! Whisper! He looked into Helen’s eyes, and she saw him, as a man, so beautiful, charming her, making her swoon, and she began to move towards him! 
Angelus quickly pulled her back, and looked to Jack. “Restrain her!” He grabbed Helen’s gun and pointed it at the Vampire! 
	What a demon; he appeared right in front of the gun, staring at it curiously! 
Angelus pulled the trigger, and the bullet went straight through the Vampire’s head, and then out the other side! 
 	The sight, right before Angelus, was not possible! The fiend looked at the barrel of the gun, as the bullet hole, sealed shut, in his head, and grabbed it, and crushed it into dust! The Vampire, then, seized hold of Angelus’s throat, and lugged him to his fangs! Jack pulled Angelus back, to get him away from the Vampire, but his strength was nothing compared to this blood sucking demon! 
	A fist, punched through the roof of the fallen tree and grabbed the Vampire by the back of his neck, pulling him up, breaking through the bark, before he sank his fangs into Angelus’s jugular!  It was Cristoph!
	The monster grabbed Cristoph’s arm and began to squeeze, until his skin broke and bled! Cristoph lost grip of the Vampire, and then, the fiend disappeared. Cristoph gave out a short grunt of pain, holding his arm! 
	The sound of a harsh exhaling breath, hissed through the trees; Cristoph held out his sword, watched, and waited; prepared for the fiend’s return.
	Lithia knelt down by the entrance of the hollowed out fallen tree, and Angelus, Helen and Jack, looked at her, with wide and alert eyes. “Have any of you been bitten?” 
	Jack moved forth to the open end. “No!” Helen hesitated for a moment, traumatized. “I’m fine!” Angelus looked at her, feeling his neck. “Almost! But no!” 
	Lithia’s eyes wandered to all of them, commandingly. “Stay in there and”—From behind Lithia, Coral had appeared out of nowhere, but Lithia acted quickly. Before Coral could grab her, Lithia dodged, and severed her leg, clean off, with her blade!
	Lithia had faced fiends of her kind before, she wasted no time! After she cut off the Vampire’s leg, she stealthily pulled out one of the many small knives within her belt, and then, drove them into the Vampire!
	As Lithia reached for another knife, Coral grabbed her arm and flung her overhead!
	Lithia flew through the air, toward a tree, but immediately, flipped forward, kicking her feet off of it! She now drifted through the air towards Coral, drew four knives, then chucked them at her, one at a time, in skillful precision! The sharp pointy quartet, flew straight for the Vampire, gleaming luster of the cold metal, that would be its end. All of the knives would have hit perfect on the target, if the target hadn’t of vanished! Yes, the Vampire was gone; for now; and the knives, stacked up on a tree, in her failed attempt. Vampires were abominations of nature, both to the human world and to the Forest. Lithia never did like Vampires, out of all she had faced. They had the reputation to taunt and toy with their victims, before doing them in. They would vanish, antagonizing them, make their prey's heart beat anxious and terrified. This was something they most enjoyed about the kill. A satisfaction Lithia would not grant. She stood her ground, stoic and poised, playing it out like a game of chess, with prestige, matching the moves, and challenging the mind of her attacker. She knew no matter what, stay strong, stand your ground, always, to the very end; even if to your doom.
	Lithia watched, and waited for the malicious fiend to show itself. But what her intuition had told her, did not bring to her attention, the surprise of a new attacker! 
	The alpha Vampire, appeared, right behind Lithia, bent her neck, and tried to bite her! She held him, in such a way, that would restrain him, from moving his fangs closer; but wouldn’t be able to hold him for much longer. 
	Cristoph quickly dashed over, a powerful sight of an airborne hero, and drove his blade into the fiend’s shoulder! He flung him off of her, with sheer effortlessness, and the Vampire went flying through the air, slipping off his sword.
	The fiend smacked against a tree trunk, at tremendous speed, with a bone-crushing smash. Coral watched, and observed from off in the distance! Right as the Vampire met the tree, Cristoph darted through the air, straight at him, so fast that the sharp sound of his wings, cutting the air, hissed loudly!
	The Vampire laughed, mocking him. For what? Apparently in his mind, there was a reason, but to Cristoph, he was an insane, and demented, crazed devil. Cristoph held his sword out, aimed for the Vampire’s heart, but right before he pierced through the monster’s chest, he disappeared, then reappeared behind Cristoph. 
	The blade missed the Vampire, and penetrated the tree, which had made the bark, of the tree, break off, falling into particles.  
	Before the Vampire even moved, Lithia came plunging down from above, and crushed the Vampire under her feet!
But the Vampire wasn’t dead yet.
	He turned his head all the way around, unnaturally, to look up at Lithia, who stood on him, pinning him down. Lithia started to feel the Vampire, trying to sedate her mind and put her under his seducing control!
	She looked back at him, but did not hesitate to crush his face with her bulky, heavy, leather, and cold metal boot! 
	Disgusting Vampires. If she never saw another one, it would be too soon. 
	Lithia continued to crush his face hard in the dirt, there was so much she did not know about herself and her past, and how it had all welled up inside her to amount to this Cloud Clan Queen, mad with power. She kept herself in check from abusing it, but it was a burden to do so. Bad things had come to pass, because of it. Regrets were a luxury. She led a remarkably frugal existence, up till now, and she would keep it that way, for the sake and the livelihood of others. That’s what a real Queen would do; a good queen, a righteous queen.
	Coral appeared right in front of her, eyeing up the situation, taking a closer look, of what it was, she had to deal with; and how she would deal with it. She glared at Lithia with bloodthirsty wrath and evil, and took hold of her neck, closing her hand tighter and tighter, till she couldn’t breathe. In the shock of it all; Lithia dropped her sword! 
Cristoph would not let this vile Creature, feed its disgusting pleasure and lust for blood. No one would touch Lithia, to bring her harm, as long as he had a say in it! He pulled his sword out of the tree and swung it at Coral!
	Coral ducked, and the sword flew overhead, cutting off the tips of her hair; which stood up, because of the velocity and speed of her movement, and laws of gravity that could not contain the supernatural. As Coral dodged the blow, Lithia leaned down to the right, and picked up her sword, severing off Coral’s arm, which had her tightly by the neck!
	The alpha Vampire rose up from the ground and stared at Cristoph, forcing him to watch, the horrific sight of his face, popping out new bones; new flesh, covering over them. Cristoph held his sword ready in his hand! Coral stood in front of Lithia, and Lithia gripped securely, to her sword, and had watched Coral’s every move!
	The masculine Vampire had done nothing, but just glare at Cristoph, until his face had completely rebuilt itself. The treacherous and demonic Creature was going to speak for the first time. Quiet and ungodly, you wouldn’t think this Creature would have a brain in its head; he expected a Vampire to be more primitive and instinctual, but then, this fiend formed words; what a surprise, that Cristoph had not expected. “Let’s play.” Unpredictably, the Vampire darted at Cristoph with great speed, and sliced at his left wing. What other surprises and tricks, had this monster been capable of. Cristoph swung his sword but missed; the Vampire moved too fast... a swift, and easy execution; his movement so graceful as well! 
	Yet again, the fiend speed passed, but this time, he stabbed his animal like claws, into his side, and then, again he fled; had run off into the trees, at that incredible speed!
	Coral’s leg had already grown back, and her arm was in the process of doing so, but Lithia wasn’t about to waste any time in killing her; for she knew it would be a hard defeat, if the she-devil had been allowed to fully recover.
	Lithia bounced up and dashed at Coral, waving her sword back and forth, whipping through the wind. Coral jumped up the side of a tree, and held onto the bark with her claws!
	Lithia immediately retaliated, leapt up, and pushed off another tree and came at her, while throwing knife after another, to strike her!
	She dodged the knives, easily, and her arm had completely grown back, all except for her five fingers. Lithia held her weapon out, off to the side, as she neared Coral, who was still clinging to the tree!
	The Vampire laughed, as he, even again, darted passed Cristoph, but this time, when Cristoph swung his sword, it had hit the Vampire, and sliced into his ribs. Cristoph had been calculating the right time to swing, so when the Vampire ran passed, it would strike him! He was successful, having the Vampire at last!
	Cristoph drove his sword deeper into the demon’s middle, and carved up through his body to his heart! 
The fiend collapsed to the ground, and as he did, a ghostly whisper came from an unholy dimension, and then, had left, as the Vampire’s body laid out; and he was dead.
	Lithia drew forth her sword to run it through Coral, but Coral disappeared! Lithia looked around for her speedily and alert, then spotted her, there on the ground. This was odd. Coral moved slowly, and then, stopped, looking at her hands!
	Lithia jumped down right behind her, and Coral turned, with a shudder of terror, as she came to see her there!
	Lithia was confused at the sight of her. Coral looked human, and was staring back at her, as if she had never seen Lithia before in her life!
	Lithia drew up her sword and Coral shuddered in fear! “Please, please, don’t kill me! I beg you!” Coral dropped to her knees, with her head bowed, pleading.
	Lithia looked at her, studying her, then, looked off to the distance at Cristoph. She saw what had happened here; the alpha Vampire had been killed. Cristoph turned away from the body, and gazed at Lithia, standing over Coral. 
	Lithia stared back down, upon Coral. “Who are you?” Coral drew up her eyes to look into Lithia’s. “I am Coral Heiterbrook!” 
	“Let me see your teeth!”
	Coral looked at her with a confused face, and Lithia held up her sword a bit higher, showing Coral, that she shouldn’t try her patience. Coral immediately drew back her lips, revealing her teeth. Lithia had a looked at them, while she commanded. “Wider.” Coral, then, dropped her jaw. 	
Lithia put her sword away in her belt. “You can close your mouth Coral.” Coral looked at Lithia, and sighed with relief. “Who are you!” 
	Lithia heard a twig snap, and saw that Cristoph, was walking over to them, with Angelus, Helen and Jack. “I am Lithia!” 
	Coral turned to see what was behind her, and what it was Lithia had been looking at. When she saw Angelus, she was astonished, and got up immediately. “Angelus! Helen! Jack!” Angelus began to run, and Helen, and Jack, had done so as well. 
	They could not believe it! She had transformed back from the Vampire. “You’re human again—“ Jack cut him off. “Did you run into Adrian? Has something happened to him?” Helen, shot her eyes at her. “Who was that male Vampire? Are there more Vampires?”
	Lithia looked at each one of them, as they talked, then, looked at Cristoph and grinned, as he gazed back at her, and did not break eye contact.
Coral replied sympathetically, and regrettably. “No, I didn’t run into Adrian, sorry Jack. Angelus... what do you mean, I’m human again? Vampires? What are you talking about?” 
	Cristoph cut into their conversation. “Ah, she has no memory of the Vampire!” Coral turned her head to Cristoph, finding herself looking at a strange Creature, with wings. She scanned over his wings. “Yes... I don’t remember anything, that has happened, since I woke up after we all were separated, Angelus... and what is this being?” Cristoph answered the new human, inspecting him now. “We must get moving! I’m sure Angelus, Jack and Helen, would love to tell you! Well, let’s!” 
	Cristoph turned and started walking off, and Lithia, and then, everyone followed. Soon a great mystery would be uncovered; to them, and to Coral. Coral listened eagerly, as Angelus, Helen and Jack, told their tales, and explained what had been going on with the Forest.
	The darkness of the night, brought a strange calmness to Angelus, Helen, Jack, and Coral. For the first time in the Forest, they felt safe. Finding Coral, and getting her back, as how they remembered, gave them hope. Hope they needed.
	Lithia and Cristoph walked on ahead, and Jack and everyone else, gazed all around at the great, majestic, monumental titans, standing tall and strong. 
	Certainly there was something different about this place, not that they saw it in a new light, because of Coral, but the trees had been different. They had a near, almost, dead moss, hanging from their branches. It was yellowed and browned on the edges, but it was, still, mostly plush green. Maybe it meant nothing, but they had every reason to take precaution, of even the smallest change; whether a thing of beauty or not.
	The ground had been damp, and covered in rich black soil, with a marvelous variety of brilliantly colored plants. Every now and then, as they walked, they found there to be a handful patch of petite flowers, growing close by the trees; at the very bottom of their trunks, hugging them sweetly. 
	For the first time in days, Jack, Angelus, Helen, Coral, Lithia and Cristoph, saw the night sky; and the radiant moon, lit the Forest.
	They stopped, when Lithia turned to them. “We will rest here.” 
If they only knew, why the Forest seemed to be opening up. All of them, settled down for the night, behind a boulder Lithia pointed out; where pretty beds of different colored flowers, had blanketed the forest floor.
                   

*  *  *

	Angelus woke up to beautiful echoing chirps of birds. He stood up, brushed off the dirt, and flower petals, from his hair, with his soiled hands. He then, had awoken Jack and Helen, just as he saw Lithia and Cristoph, walking towards them, carrying four strange purple ovals. Angelus looked around, and then, realized, Coral had been missing!
Angelus rose up on his feet! “Where is Coral?” 
	Jack then, stood up, and answered; though still half asleep. “She went somewhere to go, you know, nature calls...” 
Lithia asked hastily, as Cristoph and her, got close enough to hear what Angelus and Jack had been talking about. “When?”
	Jack watched the large and strange, purple things, in Lithia’s arms, as she dropped them in front of him. “I don’t know… not too long ago.” Cristoph swiftly flew up, to look around for any sign of Coral, but found no trace of her!
	“I’m going to go look for her!” He declared, then flew off into the distance. 
	Cristoph soared back and forth, from in between every tree to find her, yet still hadn’t seen her! Subsequently, he found something that shocked him! He landed.
	A piece of her clothes, had been wedged in the bark of a tree, and on the ground by it, there was a long trail of disturbed earth, revealing struggle; something had dragged Coral off!
	He followed the trail intently, then started to find blood, drizzled on plant leaves, and as he continued, the blood became noticeably mixed in, with the dirt she was dragged through.
	The trail stopped, and there was another piece of Coral’s clothing, with blood on it!
	Cristoph looked on ahead, but saw no body, or anything else for that matter.
	He picked up the bloody piece of cloth, and flew high up in the air, to take one last look at the disturbing area, before he started back; to break the perturbing situation, that was upon them.  
	Lithia had been sitting down with Jack, Angelus and Helen, when Cristoph had descended, holding out the bloody cloth to them.
	They knew what this meant. This meant he hadn’t found a body. No body, means... something had eaten her. They stared at it, with shock and disbelief, standing up to their feet, as Cristoph landed at a certain point, and then, walked towards them slowly.
	“She was dragged off… I followed the trail, but it ended with only this left of her...”
	Angelus stared at the piece of clothing, for a while, and then, turned toward Jack and sneered at him. “Why didn’t you stop her?”
	Jack was about to reply defensively. Angelus, blaming this on him? The nerve! But Lithia cut him off, and moved closer to him. “This is not the time for this! It is a shame, what happened to Coral, but a great amount of lives are lost every minute we waste, bickering or grieving! We should get moving!” Helen took the piece of cloth from Cristoph, all that had remained of Coral, and buried it next to the flower-bed, that was where she had slept; and now, would be laid to rest in peace.
	Helen came to her feet, wiped a small droplet from her face, that had run down her cheek, and looked at Angelus, then, at Lithia. “Alright... let’s go...”
	Lithia glanced at Jack, before she strode off. “That fruit is your breakfast… I would eat it, if I were you; it may even be your last meal.” 
	Jack picked up two of the large watermelon sized fruits, and Helen and Angelus, had done the same, with the other two. Helen, then, had drooped her head down to it. “I’m not really that hungry.” She carried it anyway. If she was anything, she was not wasteful. 
Cristoph began to stride off as well; after he saw, they picked up the fruit.
They kept silence, with sorrow in their heart for Coral... but they had to keep moving.






























Chapter 19

Tesmorlah


	Astrid and Tesmorlah came to the dark cloud of heavy rising fog, but Tesmorlah, still had continued to fly onward.
	The mist grew thicker and thicker. After a while, not just the cloud was dark, but everything turned dark, and it was just a few more wing lappets, before the smell of mold would fill the air. 
	Astrid put out her hand in a fist, off to the side, and whispered, and then, opened her hand. A blue light appeared in her palm, as she let it go, controlling it to fly ahead of them, and light the way.
	Tesmorlah grew nauseous! Her speed dropped, and she tipped back and forth, trying to stay in flight. 
	Astrid quickly noticed this, and she leaned forward to her reptilian ear. “Let us land… we’ll continue on foot.” 
	Tesmorlah began to slow her pace, hovered, and descended in between the trees, to the ground. All Tesmorlah’s four limbs, came in contact with the Forest floor, but had first, with her hind legs. Astrid slid down from off of Tesmorlah, as Tesmorlah drew her head down in dizziness, and supported the weight, with, and rested, on her closed mouth! The harshness of her breathing, blew dust away, as she exhaled. 
Astrid came around from her belly and held her large, scale-covered face, being careful with handling the jagged spikes, decorating her jawbone.
	The moonlight, cast the dead trees’ eerie shadows all over. Astrid feared for Tesmorlah, and what had ailed her. “What’s wrong Tesmorlah?” 
	Tesmorlah closed her eyes, for a long time. Astrid waited patiently, trying to understand what was the matter with her dragon companion. Tesmorlah opened her eyes, and raised her head, while holding her teeth clenched together; so the hinges of her jawbone, flexed under her cheeks. She grunted in pain, hoping the vibrations from the sound would help. “My eyes and my head… it aches so horribly!”
	Astrid turned away from Tesmorlah, and whispered for a while, in meditation. She stopped, and then, turned abrupt, and held in her hand, with her fingers slightly curled over, a green-blue and yellowish swirl, of a dimmed light; with all the same colors of sparkling specks; also in a greater luminescence, floating within the swirling. 
	Astrid opened her hand, and the swirl of light, flew towards Tesmorlah. The dancing light, had opened up, shining in a vortex of color, that spun and sang, in a faint high pitched chiming, as all the colors separated, and then, came together, absorbing into Tesmorlah’s eyes! 
	Tesmorlah was unexpected of what had happened; she squinted her eyes tightly shut, and stepped back, as she brusquely shook her head. It was then, she realized, that the pain was gone!
	She opened her eyes, stood straight up, and looked at Astrid! Astrid watched, as Tesmorlah blinked the second time. “How do you feel now?”
	Tesmorlah opened her eyes, wide and alert. She was amazed at how good she felt! Not just that though alone, had been what was done by Astrid’s magic. Her vision became sharper, and her hearing more keen! She sniffed the air in one direction, and another, and could smell what had been ahead, in that area! 
	To the left, she smelled thousands of rotting Creatures, and to the right, she smelled there to be dead dragons, mostly! She quickly exhaled in disgust, and looked, and said to Astrid. “My vision, my hearing, my sense of smell! It’s…” 
“Better?” Astrid added.
	Tesmorlah looked at her in astonishment, and she knew this witch, would never cease to amaze her. “Thank you.” Astrid started to walk. “I didn’t make your senses better; I returned them to what they were, before we came into the mist. It would be wise to continue on foot!” 
	Astrid had been quite a bit ahead of Tesmorlah now, but she quickly scurried up to her side, grabbed her, and had tossed her up, on her back, continuing to run!” 























Chapter 20

It All Comes Together


	The Forest had seen a great deal, many a thing. For all these years, Elvia hadn’t a clue, and had come into all this new knowledge, all at once; and in this knowing of things now; she had been gaining a maturity along with it. Mental maturity; and the more she knew, the more she had wanted to know. She was an ever receptive mind, a deep black pit, sharp of wit, needing something to fill it; but her fascination could be pacified, with participation for now. 
	Elvia, Adrian, and the three Protectors, moved swiftly through the Forest! Soscorek, the force of Water, gave direction, as they had come over a large boulder. “Straight ahead! The Tree of Ending, Death and Dark!” All of them, peered at the dense trees in the distance. These trees, having a close-knit significance about them. Elvia looked at Adrian; and Adrian looked back at her and held her hand. “This is it Elvia!” 

	Cristoph, Lithia, Jack, Angelus and Helen, stayed in a close group, as they wandered into the unknown. Deep within, an uneasiness, churned; not only in their stomachs, but in the very pit of their souls. Their eyes were drawn to an arching and twisted line of trees, very close to each other; a great fence of trees! 
	Cristoph, who was in front, aside Lithia, revealed the mystery, of which they had contained. “There it is... just beyond those trees!” 
	Helen held close to Angelus, as if she would be ripped away and lost; for good, forever in a darkness, that one could not escape from, once consumed. She felt this treachery, after Cristoph finished speaking; as Jack hurried closer to him and Lithia. He was caught off guard, by what Cristoph had said, and found that his pace had slowed. Nox gave out a small reptile, gurgling yawn, and crawled out from under Helen’s collar. Helen glanced at him, as he tapped on her neck. “Where are we?” 	
Overhearing Nox, Jack turned his head to Helen’s shoulder, and bent his brows, like an unfriendly snob. “If you didn’t keep passing out, maybe you would know!” 	
Nox glared at him, in silence for a second. Jack would be the one to say such a thing to him, if anyone were to say it. “I’m a Tree Dragon, and that’s what Tree Dragon’s tend to do, mostly. Sleep… and wouldn’t you pass out too, if you were as small, and as helpless as I; after all, I can’t very well understand much about you humans… things affect you differently; ego is important to you for survival.” Jack turned his eyes forward, watching his step, and said nothing else. A dreamer, a doer, a thinker, a seeker. Tree Dragon’s had a natural aptitude awareness, of these prominent, dominate traits, in all Creatures of the Forest; but humans... humans were another matter and kind, all their own. One that was so simple, in characteristics to Nox, but still, unknown and unfamiliar to him. 

	Tesmorlah ran on and on; full of energy, dashing right passed boulders and trees, and jumping on over the fallen titans. Astrid clung to her back, not strenuously, but lightly and gracefully. It was with ease, Tesmorlah had scaled the obstacles in her path; for now, no Creatures had made an attack, but something among the shadows would soon make itself known! A sudden loud sheer ringing, roused Astrid and Tesmorlah’s attentiveness. They reacted, keeping an ever watchful lookout for what was there! 
	Tesmorlah stopped, and Astrid swiftly slid from her back! They could hear it perfectly now! It was something massive, moving through the air, something huge!
They started to trod on foot, at a steady pace, watching to the side of them; and in front of them, would be their safe haven, if they could get clear out of sight in time, from the unknown Creature; making those taunting sounds! They moved as quickly as they could, without drawing attention to themselves. More careful they were, than quick, though; so not to make too much noise, as they proceeded on. If only they could escape this; timeliness was important, they had to get to where they needed to be, with nothing standing in the way, that would stop them, or delay them. 

	Cristoph and Lithia stopped, and peered into the far-off trees, to their left! Jack, Angelus and Helen, rammed into them, for the abruptness of their unplanned action; they were all so close together now. Jack looked around anxiously, as he stumbled back, and eyed the direction, Lithia and Cristoph, had been looking in. “What is it?”
	All of a sudden, the sound of a far away air cutting ruckus, came; growing louder to their ears! Nox held close to Helen’s neck, and became clumsily tangled, in her hair! “Ah, I’m stuck!” Nox cried in distress, as he struggled to get free! Helen, carefully split the knot, he had created, and pulled him out. The little dragon, returned to underneath Helen’s collar, where he knew, he would be safe; watching from under it, with big worried eyes, as Helen, Angelus, Jack, and Cristoph, gazed in the distances to the left!
	Lithia tightened her grip on her sword, which she held, pointing down to the dark earth. Cristoph also held his sword tightly, and then, he and Lithia began to move again; leading the group onward cautiously, as they followed behind closely. They found themselves, watching the distant trees, off to the side, feeling like the trees, were watching them as well!

	Unexpectedly, the noise stopped, and left an awkward stillness in the air. They walked through the arched line of trees, searching the area around them, for any Creature, or thing that might be lurking within the shadows; it was a great big forest around them; it could be anywhere!
	Something changed; or moved. They moved; moved into destiny of great purpose, and some sort of indifference within themselves. Coming through the trees, and standing there; Astrid and Tesmorlah, the three Protectors, Adrian and Elvia, and Cristoph, all of them; Lithia, Jack, Angelus, and Helen, came out from between the trees, at almost the same moment. But from different sides of the encircling tree fence. Astrid and Tesmorlah came through a line of trees, which had been dried up of all its greenery and health. Was this significant, that the terrain behind them, was the same as the entwined and twisted fence now. The three Protectors, Adrian and Elvia, flew through a line of blackened and moss grown titans; and Cristoph, Lithia, Jack, Angelus, and Helen, through trees mostly green; and still, dark as coal, was the bark. It was haunting, but the most beautiful part of the Forest. Elegant, captivating titans, with moss, hanging from their branches, as notes on a staff; as a lament, a requiem for a dream... a hope.
	All of them were struck in a daze. They looked around, upon these tree barriers, and the phenomenon of how they mimicked the condition of their particular part of the Forest; then, they looked at each other.
	“Astrid!” Elvia shouted. Astrid glared at her with contempt. “Elvia... come looking for me have you... to bring me back to where it is that you must, it slips my mind! Well, I’m not going anywhere!” Astrid stood in a defensive manner, steadfast and strong, and did not linger to any other emotion.
	Adrian squinted, and looked at the giant, dragon-winged man, with thick blond hair, and sparkling blue eyes; then, looked at the fair and black haired, green eyed goddess, next to him; they both wore suits of armor. Very powerful, their appearance was, standing there. The woman wore some sort of thick black leather, covered in scales, and the man, a chrome sort of metal, appearing more as an angel, than the equally godlike and celestial beauty, of what the woman had been.
	Adrian, then, looked behind the two, noticing others with them. He couldn’t believe it! It was Jack! He was in a breastplate, of the same kind of leather as the woman! With Jack, he saw Angelus and Helen, there with him also! It was such a remarkable sight! It was as if, they had come back from the very place of the dead!
	Adrian shouted with excitement, as he dashed on through the air towards them. “Jack! You’re alive! Angelus… Helen! I can’t believe you’re alive!”  
	They stared at the fairy, surprised by it flying straight at them, so trusting, how it did. When Jack caught a good look of the fairy’s face, he became eager to greet him. It was his brother. His brother was a fairy. “Adrian? Adrian!”
	Cristoph and Lithia stepped to the side, as the fairy flew up and stopped. Jack walked up to him, and drew up his hand, poking the fairy, to confirm what he had perceived to be real. He paused for a moment, in a process of contemplation, then, poked him again. “Adrian, how did you become a fairy?” Adrian grabbed hold of Jack’s finger. “Enough!” Jack, had then, pulled his hand away. “I’m sorry! I just can’t believe it!” Jack asked Adrian what had happened to him, and Adrian told all; Angelus, Helen, Lithia, and Cristoph; whether they liked it or not, had to listen, putting in a few comments of their own, here and there.
	Tesmorlah recognized the three beings of light, knew of them; all the ancients had. But she did not know of their intentions. Astrid continued to watch and wait for something to happen, not peeling her eyes away from Elvia for a second. Then, when all promised to become chaotic, the three beings began to speak; they spoke the same words, all at once, together. “Tesmorlah, Astrid... there is no need to fear, or be in conflict. Astrid, we’re not here to capture and take you anywhere. We have come because something terrible is about to happen… concerning the fate of the Forest! We are here to help… not to harm… we know you did not destroy the tree… you were being forced to do so, under the control— we know about Heckyeth… we know everything…” 
	Astrid became calm, then asked softly. “Who are—” Astrid, had then, been cut off by Tesmorlah. “They are three of the Four Protectors! The Protector with the Force of Earth has been polluted by the dark… he is blackened with evil… to the core…” 
	Astrid looked upon Tesmorlah now, and said. “How do you know this?” Tesmorlah nodded her head, pointing her snout to the beings. “They told me… they told me, with their eyes…” 
	The three Protectors nodded back as one; united. “Tesmorlah… Dragon Queen! You have seen more than any other dragon… you have been through more hardships… you’ve lived through things, which others could not even begin of imagining! But this time, you do not have to face the task at hand, alone… for rest assure… we all have come together, for this very reason. The evil that is upon us!”
	In the background, Adrian had moved towards them, leading Cristoph, Lithia, Jack, Angelus and Helen, over to the three Protectors; and these other two creatures speaking with them.
	Adrian looked at Tesmorlah, and said, as the three Protectors had finished conversing. “So this dragon is Tesmorlah, the Dragon Queen? I didn’t even know there was a Dragon Queen! Learn something every day.”
	Tesmorlah said nothing; she just raised her head and looked down upon all of them, as they had collected around her. Astrid looked at the little fairy as he spoke, and then, looked at the joining group. She turned to face them. “Who are all of you?” 
	Tesmorlah drew her head down to a comfortable level. “They are the ones who are headed to disaster!” 
	Jack’s attention had been significantly drawn to Astrid, after she had spoke to them; now… he was, unknowingly, staring at her. 
	Astrid realized Jack was staring at her, and she had done the same to him, locking eyes.
	Something, all so suddenly happened, he didn’t know what it was, but... he felt cold and numb from it. Then, he had strangely become disconnected from the present time, and was visited by the identical vision that he had seen twice before; but this time, when the girl ran from the beast, she looked back, and he caught a glimpse of her, recognizing her face!  
	Jack came to his senses, and shouted, pointing to Astrid. “It was her!” 
	Everybody looked at Jack, peculiarly, with confusion. Adrian noticed Jack had been… not quite himself. “What are you talking about?” Jack gave no mental embrace to what his brother had asked of him. He drew his arm down and gazed at her, in wonder and marvel. “It was you… I saw you running from the beast, in my dream… there was a second time I had seen the same thing, in a vision as well… just before we began our journey, finding the Lost Forest! And now again… I have seen this vision. Who are you?”
	Astrid looked at him, as if she knew exactly what he was talking about, and the meaning, and the reason behind it. “I am Astrid… you?” Astrid walked up close to Jack, and put her hand on his face, stroking his cheek gently, as she looked into his eyes. Jack had no idea of why she was doing this; but somehow, it was familiar to him; he felt like they had a history, like he knew her.
	Of course, everyone had a heightened interest to find out what was going on, it was odd; Astrid and Jack, gazed, inspecting each other closely. Why had she been touching him like that.
	Astrid closed her eyes. “Jack…” She whispered, and then, breathed softly. “I know you!” 
	Jack felt as if he was pulled down and down, and down and down, growing heavy, and went into a state of dreaming! He was surrounded in pitch-blackness, and had heard a faint humming sound of vibration. Then, there was the squeaking of an old door, being opened. Light shined into the darkness from behind him, and he had heard a female voice saying. “You are the one I’ve been waiting for.” He turned, and saw a girl standing there, her body surrounded by light. He had been captivated by her stunning, and beautiful appearance and charm. “My kiss, will reveal who you are!”
	Jack snapped out of the dream, from otherwise being hypnotized, and put to sleep again, by this fair and beautiful creature. He could feel the warmth of her body. Astrid drew her head down and looked him in the eyes with longing. He didn’t know why, but he didn’t mind this at all; no matter how strange it was to the others watching; it didn’t matter. Nothing else seems to be real anymore… but he so wished this was not just another dream; that this was real. 
	Jack knew what she was going to do, before she did it; she kissed him! But it was unpredicted what had come next; they both started to glow with a white light, rising and hovering, up off the ground together, with grace and angelic countenance.  Jack’s hair had blown back, becoming richer in color, and his eyes turned gray, as they had been, when he was young!
	Adrian, Elvia, Tesmorlah and the others, watched from below; though the three Protectors were the only ones, which remained calm and fine, with what was happening.
	Yes, everyone else stared suspiciously, slightly frightened, yet not enough to do anything about it.
	Radiance gleamed off of their bodies, growing brighter. Then, out of nowhere, a violent generating and rippling light, forced them apart! Of all the mysteriousness of the world, of all the places of such a tale to unfold; it was all so unbelievable, frightening and marvelous. Whatever it was, that had been occurring. Astrid and Jack, hovered in the air, from across each other, with their arms dangling inanimately, and their heads thrown back, from their arching, floating bodies. 
	Wind blew, and swirled up at them from below, blowing their hair straight up, to stand on end. Jack and Astrid didn’t seem to know, what exactly, was going on here themselves. This was as new to her as it was to him. Astrid and Jack drew their heads up, looking each other in the eyes. Jack’s eyes, shined and flickered with iridescence, as he looked at her, discovering hers to beam back, in a brilliant and immaculate blue! She was beautiful... so beautiful.
	“You are the one I’ve been waiting for! The Warlock, to stand by my side!”
	It was a nice trick; how he heard her say these words, though she hadn’t moved her lips once. 
	Images and spells, began to flood in as visions; flashing in his mind, one after another; but what was strange about this, was that he barely saw the words, well enough to read them. They had been written in some strange language, but after a while, it had not mattered. Somehow, he understood all of it now. On and on, one after another, flashed by; and he knew of what they were, and what they had said; and gathered all of their knowledge, storing it away, in his memory! 
	Jack felt a strong energy and power, rapidly rising within him! It surged out, traveling down his arms, and it was so overwhelming, he clenched his fists, and then, relaxed his hands again. It didn’t hurt… it was quite pleasurable, this feeling of power surging through him. Oh yes, he would enjoy magic very much. Interestingly enough, one could tell this, by his facial expression. Yes, he exulted in it; that was apparent. But who could blame him, anyone coming into all of this, all at once, would surely behave in the same manner. Overtaken by the delight of it all, he couldn’t hold back any longer; the urge to use this new magic was overwhelming.
	He threw out his hand in a claw and whispered four syllables viciously; and a white and bluish fire, collected, then, bulleted from his palm! 
	There it went! Flying off into the distance and out of sight! A loud blustering vibration, echoed back to him, confirming his new powers were a very real thing indeed, as a crash gave answer to impact, that it had met one of the enormous titans! 
	Astrid was amazed of how much power he possessed! She saw it in his eyes as he looked at her, a mirror reflection of herself, but a man; a powerful man. She saw fierceness, confidence, strength, and enormous power radiating off of him. Oh how she liked this! She hadn’t seen another as powerful as she was, for the last eight hundred years, and now; she finally, and undoubtedly had!  
	Jack looked back at her, and realized, just how confused he had really been… he felt like he knew her, but he had no idea who she was, or what she was. Her saying, ‘she had been waiting for him,’ was the most baffling part of all of this! But he didn’t care, he was a new being, maybe not human anymore, but that thought only crossed his mind for a moment as being the only downside; then, it slipped away as he looked at his hand. His hand from where the white fire had just formed, and blasted indefinitely, until it found something in its path. Oh how he feared what he may become because of this; this great magic and power he felt pulsing through his veins. Had Astrid created a monster…
	Astrid and Jack slowly descended to the ground, in the same position, across from each other. It was miraculous to behold, it was undeniable; they were so alike in their movements, and mannerisms. When they had turned and posed for the group, Angelus, Helen, Elvia, but in particular, Adrian, had been utterly changed himself, by their appearance; shaken, shocked by the outstanding! 
Adrian flew up to Jack, inspecting him, and this new sheen to his complexion. “Does this mean you—” Adrian had been cut off by Soscorek. “This means, he is now a Warlock… but not just any Warlock; he’s a Trance Warlock, who now possesses all the same abilities as Astrid.” 
	An eerie wind blew at them, from the thick dark forest; in the direction opposite to the lines of remarkable trees! Jack turned to face the dense woods, ahead of the rest, and had flexed his hand, stiffening his fingers. Astrid held her hand slightly out to her side, in readiness, while Jack and her both, had watched intently. Tesmorlah turned, swinging her tale around behind her. Her rear end facing them, as her eyes moved over the ground, trees and branches!
	Melody had grown rich in the trees; all around them, they creaked, filling the Forest with the seemingly singing of a choir. Cristoph and Lithia scurried in, back to back, with their swords out ready to fight! Their eyes watchful, complying to the demand of the ever unpredictable and treacherous unknown! From there, to the point of influence, had been an easy task of terrain; but of what lied in wait after that, was of complex and frightful dimensions; and would be difficult to interpret from their vantage point. 	
They shifted, and moved out; under the pressing thumb of the Forest! Angelus and Helen, had been now, in between Lithia and Cristoph, as they came around and circled; kept aware with their scouting eyes and keen intuition!
	The three Protectors turned and faced the opposite direction, which Astrid and Jack had faced, and Adrian and Elvia, had retreated behind them! 
	The great fear that any of them had, from the beginning, had been tried… and numbed, but they could not deny that, no matter how used to something they had become, they could not shake it. 	
They stood silent and watchful for a long while, waiting; but nothing happened… yet! There had been no sign of a threat; not a single Dark Creature, let alone, one in sight… 
	Jack couldn’t stand there paused like that any longer! He gave out a scream, a war cry, and ran off into the Forest ahead; still holding his hand down in a claw like an animal! He got cocky, and began to toss fireball after fireball, and immediately performed, and created, a watery forcefield, being prepared to protect against anything in front of him, that would attack, as he ran on. He was surprisingly efficient with his magic, though new to it. When the watery forcefield was complete, he continued throwing, flame, and all other enigmatic variations of fireballs! Had the group remained behind him, or had someone come after him; he paid no mind, not ignorant to responsibility, but keen on impulse. He well knew, he would be able to hold his own now, against anything! He whispered and a knife materialized in his hand!
	He pricked his finger, and then, the reflecting piece, slowly disintegrated into black dust, blowing away into the past behind him!  
	He squeezed a drop of blood from his fingertip, not stopping for a moment; and when the drop of blood hit the ground, it had formed into an identical copy of himself. Jack stopped, turned, glanced at the uncanny, and quite perfect clone, right down to the smallest detail. This had been his true self, what he was meant to do, and be! He still felt new to it, and a bit overcome by the excitement of it all! He was a time-bomb, ticking down, waiting to be fed a little more of this euphoric fix, this feeling of grandeur. Time would tell, of what he was to become. He tried to keep himself focused on other things rather than the feeling of perpetual supremacy, by putting the energy, flowing within him, to productive use. He began to perform a spell!
	He brought his hands up and out, and pressed his palms, hard together, as if he was trying to fuse them into one! He had brought them apart, and a staff of white light, began to appear, when he spread his hands to his furthest reach. When he had stretched to the complete max, he closed his right hand in a fist, breaking the white light, to make an end. He let the end he had created, drop, and thump, as it came in contact with the ground! Jack pulled the staff further out of his left palm, till he had been satisfied with the length. Then, he closed his left hand in a fist, cutting it off. 
	What a beauty; a staff of white light. It began to spark out, little fireworks, in the same white light; as he held it straight up and down, in his right hand, tapping it on the ground.
	Astrid spoke in his mind, from afar, and he searched for her in the distance, with longing in his heart and in his eyes. The reason was not so much because there had been chemistry between them, but that he felt loyal to her for creating him. There she was; he stared at her unwavering; in all her countenance and beauty, she would be the salvation of him, if he was to be overcome; grow mad with power. His savior, his angel, his redeemer. Of course he would heed to her wishes. “Jack... come back... you don’t know what’s out there!” 
	Jack looked back at her, now more intensely, and said in her thoughts. “Why… do I love you? Why… do I feel I must listen... to you?”
	Astrid had an unfamiliar steadiness and tenderness to her voice; she spoke in his mind, in thorough answering, to his ever searching intellect. “Because you are a part of me now. And everything I am, is what you are now…everything you feel, I feel, and everything you long for... I long for.”
	These words infused a burning passion within him. He loved her. Love at first sight, so it would seem. He did feel connected to her, linked to her, he wanted to protect her; but she could handle herself just fine. How he had looked at her now, gave her chills. He saw right through her, he knew all of what she was; she was what he was; and he was the same to her... 
	The moment was broken; interrupted. A loud blustering thunder, came at them from the trees behind! The indescribable roaring, screeching, and hissing, bent his hearing, upsetting his ears! He covered them, but only for a matter of brief fleeting moments, while he whispered a spell, in the familiar to him, but still mysterious and unknown language! 
	A circle of transparent black fog, surrounded, and orbited around him in atmospheric rings of clouds. The sound became muffled to him, and he had took his hands off of his ears. From the very moment Astrid saw him, a legend was born.
	He ripped up, with him, the rich earth and foliage of the Forest; after whispering under his breath. Whether for good, or misguided intentions, he was not going to be stopped! Off he sped with tremendous velocity, commanding his decoy to race on, ahead of him!
	Astrid wanted to go after him; what had been holding her back from doing so? She had always done as she liked! That was who she was. 
	Her heart wanted to go after him, but she felt she had a duty to stay by Tesmorlah and the others; they needed her to protect them! She thought for a moment on what to do; then, came to a conclusion, and announced it out loud, as if she needed to convince herself of it; give herself a push. 	
“I’m going after him!” Yes, that was who she was; driven by want and will.
	Her eyes turned purple, and now, looked for him. How he instigated her to act irresponsibly... but is it irresponsible, if you are independent, if you can always watch out for yourself, always know that you have the efficiency to get the task done... to know your abilities and put them to use. Why do some not know, how to look after, and bring order to themselves; just how they don’t understand this of her… she does not understand the other of them. 
	Lockdown! She spotted him, and sped off while whispering, and then, became a blur, rushing through the trees, stable, solid within herself, calm and undisturbed. She was skilled and well-seasoned in her magic; something Jack would have yet to learn to be. She was nothing more than a blur; that was what was seen by those she had abandoned, pressing the issue, that she had left them to fend for themselves, but hadn’t left them for dead; Jack... now Jack was a newborn, and how he made her fancy her memories of how she used to be. At that stage… she was just as restless. He had made her snicker a little. Yes, she was restless, but not reckless. 
	The three Protectors had known where she was, and knew that she was in no real danger… for the moment. The group saw her as a blur, but the Protectors, could see her quite clearly, even though she moved swiftly; it was as if she moved in slow motion to their sight; as she went blasting through the trees!
	Friction from her incredibly quick pursuance seared the vegetation, as the vague impression of her rapidly advanced over the terrain towards Jack! 
	Jack continued on, to find the source of that wretched sound. In his focus to resolve the mystery, something caught him. He hadn’t known why, but his attention was pulled elsewhere... there was silence... then, he heard Astrid; she was speaking in his mind again. It was so sweet. He couldn’t, and didn’t want to ignore it. “Jack... behind you!” 
	He glanced back, and saw that there she stood. Astrid, who looked into his eyes, cunningly, as if to say, ‘surprised?’ He turned away from her, and looked on in front of him. There was a massive entanglement, preventing him from going on any further; promptly, he stopped! His replica ran into the massive and thick black thorns, and disintegrated; and he himself, almost plowed into them as well! 	
A representation of a matter that would have struck horror in him as a man, was just something of strangeness to him now. He came to a halt, and beheld the twisted, endlessly knotted, sharp thorns. What was this; the wretched and undefined echo, ceased to be no more!
	He looked on and above, following them all the way up; they were never-ending! They just kept going and going on, climbing all the way up, as if to the heavens. A great wall of thorns!
	Jack looked down each side, but still, all that he could see, was miles and miles of huge black thorns. Thorns that held a metaphor for the entire Forest. It was consumed, and choked of all that was right and holy. The gray points, turning red as they came to the fine needle tips; blood stained, and disturbing. 
	Astrid appeared there behind him; and he slightly glanced over his shoulder to let her know, she had not snuck up on him like how she had thought; he knew she was there.
An area of the thorns had not been uniform to the rest.
	He moved over, and bent down closer to investigate. There were no thorns here, but some solid, black surface. There had been a line also, of small thorns, across the middle of this velvety black surface. Very peculiar, that it was solid and not hollow; not an opening to the other side. 
	He held his lighted staff out and up to it, then, poked at the darkness.
	A large eye opened and moved around in the socket, then, fixed itself upon Jack! The indescribable sound had returned, and the thorns began cracking, and moved all together, covering over something, within it! Then it hit him! It hadn’t been a great wall of thorns; it was a Creature; it was alive!
A giant snake unwrapped from its coils! It had planned this as an attack! Yes, it was the snake that had made the deafening ear-splitting; the artificial sound of thunder! Right away, Jack knew that this had been a means to disable its prey; as it gave out another roar, amplified by a visible sonic wave!   
	Astrid, formed a watery shield.
The snake, raised its head up, high above, displaying the smoothness of its skin of its belly; it glared down upon Jack and Astrid, intimidatingly. No matter; the serpent would not divide them, pick them off one at a time, or whatever it was, of which it intended to do. A grumble, like a dragon’s, had resonated in its throat, and nasal cavity!
	Jack and Astrid, watched the thorn-covered snake, staring them down. Astrid made eye contact with the snake’s cold, but beckoning stare. She felt danger now, terrible danger. Jack heard Astrid murmur something about the eyes of the serpent, but he hadn’t been able to quite make it out. He hadn’t looked in the eyes of this unpredictable hissing snake, but Astrid had! She looked directly into the wide sliver pupils, surrounded by bright orange-red, like a fire burning a hole into her soul… What had this meant, what had been brought about in this. She began to feel queasy, and a bizarre numbness, rushed on through her veins like poison; tingling throughout her body. 
	Jack drew forth in a defensive stance, and swung his staff around in the air; and held it out in front of him! He glanced back at Astrid now for a moment. Her eyes darkened slightly, and she seemed to not quite be herself! He hadn’t known her long, but he hadn’t known what to make of this sudden change. Where were they; he hadn’t counted on this coming into play. All the shed skin, spread abroad, made him feel, as if it was time to let go and be who he was in this moment… and forget the human part of him. He was gone. She trembled, struggled with her very self, very essence, as if fighting a battle within! 
	His face softened suddenly, as he now looked at her; confused and repulsed by her appearance. She stared at him, and, cocked her head back and forth, then, kept it straight and still. “Astrid?” She was covered entirely in gray scales like a reptile! Her hair was an almost glowing white, and her eyes, totally black, with a gloss to them, a nocturnal shine; they were two, big, black, soulless windows!  
	Astrid brought her arms up, and Jack hadn’t known what to expect, and grew with anxious fright. “Astrid! What are you doing?” Every muscle in his body, recoiled, condemning him, for Astrid hadn’t given an answer; in fact, it was like she hadn’t even seen him, or knew that he was there! 
	He knew what it was like to feel completely alone, to feel rejected and abandoned. But this was, by far, the worst he had ever felt! What was this monster she had become! She clasped her hands together, and the ground beneath him burst, shooting him up into the sky! Jack’s lips, fluttered unheard words in the drowning out of the blast! Had he understood his power; he would soon know for sure! He stretched his hands out, and sealed the watery shield shut, in a dome covering him! 
	The dome free-fell to the ground, farther off to the distant right; and as soon as it hit, bouncing a little on the Forest floor, Jack took off, running like a rodent inside a globe! This had caught him off guard; he was in such question and doubt of Astrid now. He spoke another spell, then zoomed on off through the trees, as a faded distortion of a watery sphere! He was pursued by Astrid, and he dreaded the idea of having to face her. He didn’t want to hurt her; he despised the very likeliness that that was in the future; he would have to keep running from her. He ripped up the plants and earth in his path, as he breezed on through the environment!
	Astrid wasn’t far behind! The debris of the crushed plants, and chunks of other things thrown up from under him, flew at her. But they were immediately absorbed by some clear magic wall, leaving behind traces, and splash patterns, across the surface! 
	It would not be easy for him to take further action to stop her! He wouldn’t stop her; he would just try to outmaneuver her. Dare he be so cocky now, to think, he even stood a chance against her; and there was the snake as well to deal with! It had come tearing through! The snapping, cracking sound, caught Jack’s attention as familiar; that was what he had heard before, from the thorns, when it moved. How the snake could be alive and functioning without feeling the pain, when the thorns had broke off; the thorns were part of its body!
	He shot back a quick look, then, kept his head forward! He saw Astrid there, hot on his heel! Her speed matched close to his, and was increasing, with the snake, slithering violently behind her; it was after him as well!
	Jack moved off to the right, and ran in a bit of a distance in that direction a while. Then, he turned left and kept going, until he found the area immediately known to him; where he first entered, when he ran off! 
	He made a sharp left with the dome, bouncing on a few tree trunks, then continued rolling on!
	A thunderous roar, of smashing, crashing, and incredibly rapid movement, grew louder and louder!
	Cristoph, Lithia, the Dragon Queen, and the three Protectors, faced the dark crooked woods, where Astrid and Jack had run off and disappeared.
	With Cristoph’s and Lithia’s hands, tightly gripped to their swords; and Tesmorlah’s claws, dug into the ground, nostrils exhaling gold light and sparkly dust; they waited. The Protectors stood uniform, knowingly prepared for what had been coming at them!
	It was hard to see what was contained in the darkness, but they couldn’t ignore the great amount of debris, stirred up into an immense cloud, created by, whatever it was that had been coming at them! It tore up the ground and threw it above into the sky, like a violent chain-explosion!
	The loud resounding, indescribable roar, had come to shriek in their ears like a high-pitched note played by the symphony of the demons. It was agonizing, and unlike any sound they had heard so far. It was unique; could not be compared to anything. 
Cristoph, Lithia, the dragon and the fairies, covered their ears, but it hadn’t done much good! The Protector, Villicus, threw out his hand, and then, a fierce wind blew into the Forest, sending the sound-waves away from them into the other direction! 
	They drew their hands away from their ears, while the raging wind continued to blow forth from the Protector’s palm. 
	A storm had come; Jack tried to move against the wind, but it was rather difficult. He glanced back, and saw that the wind hadn’t even fazed Astrid, or the thorn-snake; and they were gaining on him, and quickly!
	Jack saw Lithia and Cristoph; and the three beings of light, stood in a line right there next to them. The being of white light, had his palm out; the wind… this was his doing! Jack pushed himself with the very last of his strength, to run as fast as he could possibly; he hoped that he could reach them in time, for them to lend their aid! 
	Cristoph, and Lithia, saw a blurred sphere now coming at them! Something else, too; trailing behind it, but the thing was moving too fast for them to gather any sense of what it was.  
	Cristoph jumped up, and hovered above, where he stood, getting a better look at the sphere speeding towards them!
“It’s Jack!” Cristoph shouted over the sound of the shrieking wind. Lithia glared through the blurred watery globe and saw the faint image of Jack, now but seven yards from her. She quickly leapt up and flipped around in the air, to then land on a branch near Cristoph. Jack zoomed passed the spot, of where she had been standing!
	He stopped and stood there under Cristoph, which hovered several feet above him. The watery dome was perfectly see-through. 
	“Where’s Astrid!” Jack took a moment, catching his breath! 
	Astrid and the snake were still coming, more reckless and hellbent than ever! He shouted so all could hear him! “Don’t hurt Astrid… she is somehow being controlled by the snake!” 
	Jack glanced at Helen and Angelus, then, at everyone else! He collected himself, and in a hurry, touched his hand to the inside of the dome and whispered something violently! 
	Drops of water floated out from the dome to Adrian, Elvia, and Angelus, and Helen! 
Angelus held Helen close, as they watched the drops float out towards them! When they came within a few feet of them, the drops stopped abruptly; and had made a sound, as if being splattered against an invisible and inflated plastic ball. Then each drop of water spread out and sealed, in the same kind of dome that Jack had been shielded and isolated by! 
	The snake had managed to dominate the atmosphere with a loud Screech, though Villicus had still maintained the wind; blowing it out from his palm without the slightest sign of exhaustion! 
	Astrid and the gargantuan snake, came tearing on through the blasting gust as if it was nothing! The watery dome around him, disappeared, as he had decided to join the fight. “Don’t look the serpent directly in the eyes… no matter what!” 



 

























Chapter 21

Black-Thorned Snake


	The trees cracked as the current of the wind manipulated their nature. Astrid and the snake brutishly sped passed! This was it! 
	Jack stood ready on the ground, his muscles flexed; Lithia prepared to jump from off of the branch, and Cristoph hovered in the air, about to have at the snake as well!
	What had she become? Tesmorlah stared upon Astrid and whispered to her. “Astrid… why do you wish to harm us…? What has that snake done to you?” Though her quiet little whisper could not have been heard over the blasting wind, and all the rushing movement it had stirred in the trees, she still felt like Astrid would have heard her… if she was really in there somewhere. Could she really be imprisoned in that cold, scaly monster; that looked blankly into the void, not looking back at her. 
	The snake and Astrid, were no more than nine yards from them! Jack raised his hand up in a forceful manner, and spoke in his spell casting tongue; loudly and ferociously! A giant zigzag shard of ice, had appeared beside him, pointing straight on for the snake! 
	With no more than a slight motion of his hand, the glistening shard bulleted up into the sky, and plummeted down to impale the serpent!
	While the serpent slithered rapidly through the trees behind Astrid, the large spear of ice, pierced through the snakes back!
	The snake slid forward, folding and wailing in pain, as it came to a stop! It threw its head straight up, and gave out an unnerving cry!
	Astrid continued onward at the same incredible speed. There was a loud rumbling sound, and the ground shook till the earth began to break, and yes, still the quaking grew stronger; and more life-threatening peril, was underway!
	The serpent drew his head down, and peered, squared at Jack; but Jack did not dare look the snake in the eyes!
	Something flickered, disrupting his focus. Jack caught this distraction far off with his peripheral vision, and he turned his head to look. 
	He saw the sparkling, but he hadn’t seen what it was. His eyes turned purple, and he scanned the distant scenery to find it again… It was his staff of light! 
	I must have dropped it when I was blown up into the sky, and for the life of me, I have forgotten all about it! Jack thought.
	Jack’s eyes turned back to their supernatural gray color, and he stared intensely at the sparking speck in the distance; while he put his hand out, as if he had held the staff! Then! It came flying at him with ludicrous quickness, and he caught it in his outstretched hand, and did so, easily!
	All of a sudden, the rumbling and shaking stopped, and the ground cracked into a large firework pattern, spreading out just three feet from Jack! A couple seconds after, the same cracking occurred right next to the snake; which still had the giant ice shard in its back! 
	Chunks of the earth began protruding out, and the cracking continued, breaking out over the ground, quickly and unstoppably!
	Jack backed up a bit, and shouted, while scanning the area with frightened eyes. “What’s happening!?”
	Lithia examined attentively, and answered in a loud, yet very feminine yell. “I can’t tell you! I’ve never seen this before!”
	Just then, a snake broke up and out through the ground, coiling itself around the large dark hole where it had come from; from within the earth! 
	The snake peered down at Jack, and opened its mouth, displaying its sharp fangs, that dripped with venom!
	Lithia quickly, without thinking, jumped off the branch, and landed on the snake’s immensely wide and large snout!   
	The snake swung its head back and forth, trying to shake Lithia off, while Cristoph darted for the snake’s ribcage!
The snake saw Cristoph out of the corner of its eye, and caught him swiftly, coiling him up in solid constriction! But the snake couldn’t hold Cristoph for long. He cut through the snake, severing its tail! 
	In the commotion, Jack’s attention was drawn to the other serpent, with the large ice stake in its back; when more cracking and protruding of the earth, began now right beside it! 
	Violently, another thorned snake, burst up from the earth like a bullet penetrating through! He watched as the snake then screeched, and drew near to the other, which called for him when giving out the squeal of pain. It then, had stopped screeching, and the snake with the ice spear in its back, squawked to the other as if they were communicating. 
	The serpent had now done something Jack didn’t expect!
	It slithered over to the back of the other, biting the large ice shard, pulling it out! 
	Jack looked at the snakes in fear and amazement, as he watched the defending one toss it to the side like a twig!
	No more than a moment after, the two black-thorned snakes looked at Lithia and Cristoph, attacking the other of the serpents; and then found their immediate antagonist, Jack, and stared at him with fury!
	The two snakes came slithering straight at Jack, and the uninjured of them did so at full speed! Tesmorlah gave out a loud roar and lunged at them!
The injured snake, did nothing more than look at Tesmorlah, and wielded Astrid to take care of her; Astrid raised her palm up, causing Tesmorlah to rebound and slide far off on the ground; as if she collided with an extremely stretchy elastic invisible barrier!
	He was on his own. Jack stared at Astrid and created a watery dome around her; but she just touched it, and it disintegrated immediately; before it had the chance to completely form!
	Jack had become frustrated and angry! He looked upon the two snakes, still coming at him, and then, turned his head to the three Protectors, staring for a couple seconds at the one which blasted the wind from its palm. Jack shouted. “Are you going to help us?” 
Immediately! Before Jack had even finished his sentence, Zulmpreedor, Force of Fire, and Soscorek, Force of Water, dashed on through the air at the two snakes as if they were flying; flying, even though they didn’t have wings!
	Jack was amazed at what he saw, and there was no need to say anymore, but he completed his question, vainly anyway. Either they had planned to deal with the snakes coming at him, or they somehow knew what he was going to say, before he had said it!
	Jack was in awe, as he watched the being of red light, and the being of blue, working together to take down the great serpents!
	Cristoph kept slashing at the snake, and the snake continued its attempts to capture him in its coils; but every time the snake did, Cristoph sliced off another chunk of its tail, and the snake would screech loudly in agony; tormented and fed up, but still hadn’t had enough.
	The snake was at a disadvantage, and couldn’t really see to make effective judgement of the whereabouts of its victim; Lithia held onto its head, blocking its eyes as it shook in so many failed efforts to fling her off!
	Jack came up beside Cristoph and touched the snake with his white staff!
	Instantly, the snake had stopped moving; it had been paralyzed! It took Cristoph a few seconds to realize what had happened, but then, he didn’t waste any more time!
	He tore through the air with his sword pointing straight out for the serpent’s heart!
	The blade pierced through the snake’s black-scaled chest, and, on removal of his sword, a massive amount of blood sprayed out, splattering Jack and drenching Cristoph!
	Lithia leapt down from the head of the dead snake, still petrified as a statue in the same upright position.
	The two Protectors had slain the other serpents just as quickly as Cristoph had, and hovered towards Jack now, just a few discrete inches above ground. Behind them was an indeed disturbing sight to see; the snakes lying there dead; one burned to death and the other frozen solid. The extreme opposites of transcendent elements, accidental poetry… the ice burns in a paralyzing flame. 
	The Protectors stopped and stood, turning to face Villicus from afar. The raging wind was peacefully decreasing, and then he drew his arm down to his side, and it had ended.              
	Jack gazed into the distance to Astrid, and said to Cristoph and Lithia. “Look!” 
	Her eyes turned back to blue, and the scales disappeared! For the first time, Jack had taken notice of how flawless her skin really was; and her long glowing white hair, turned back to its natural hue.
	Astrid blinked; had come out of the trance just like that.
	She looked at Jack, he and Cristoph soiled with blood; and then she saw Lithia, who had managed to get away with barely a few smudges of the crimson stain; from what looked like a successful, but not easy victory. 
	From the violent shaking of the Creature defeated, Lithia’s rich black hair had slightly been a mess, and her armor was loosened as well. Cristoph ran his fingers through his dripping hair, wet with blood, pushing it back out of his face. Jack held his stare upon Astrid as she looked at Lithia, then Cristoph, then finally… him…
	He wanted her; he craved her… in all her dark mystery and gruesome flaw. He forced himself to look away; it was too arousing, looking upon her… for him to be able to escape from doing something about it; those small particles in her slightly matted hair, while the dirty black cloak she wore had been weighed down by the clumps of mud clinging to the bottom… accentuating the undeniable shape of her breasts and the perfect curve of her hips.
	Something was drawn to Astrid’s attention, as she looked upon them who were still alive! “Tesmorlah!” She said. “Where is Tesmorlah?”
	Jack walked forward a little ways and pointed. “She was thrown off in that direction!” He then looked at Astrid, studying her and noticed that this had been something more new to her than it was to him; and he finished speaking. “You do not remember, do you? You created some sort of elastic forcefield when the snake had control over you, and she flew into it and bounced off high through the air… maybe she’s laying somewhere out there unconscious!”
	Astrid took a moment, and then said quietly. “Maybe.” She looked off into the distance, eyes turning to purple! She skimmed over the area, and then spotted a clearing; which appeared as if it had been created from a dragging, or massive sliding object!
	She followed up with her eyes and said with excitement. “Tesmorlah!”  She took off running, and then whispered and began to run now, even faster, blurring out of sight!
	Jack released Angelus and Helen, and, Adrian and Elvia, from the watery domes, as they all stared beyond where Astrid sped away.

	Tesmorlah laid against a heap of leaves, branches, and other things, collected from the ground; scraped from the Forest floor. How that must have hurt.
	Astrid began to slow her pace as she came up to Tesmorlah’s breathing stomach. To Astrid’s surprise, Tesmorlah’s head drew up and faced her! Tesmorlah looked deeply into Astrid’s eyes, and suddenly she had a visitation of another one of her visions! 
	The terrible evil she sensed… was on its way now to the sacred temples of the Four Protectors!
	Tesmorlah snapped out of the vision and said immediately trying to rise to her feet. “We have to hurry! The evil…” But she couldn’t, for her left side ached, and she had no feeling in her left arm at all.
	Astrid noticed this, and swiftly came over to her arm, and had put her hand on it. Shimmering gloss spread out from Tesmorlah’s arm, over her massive and entire scale-covered body! 
	The pain was gone, and she had her strength and health again. Tesmorlah rose and Astrid climbed up onto her back. It was a miraculous recovery. Tesmorlah began to run, and right after she gained enough momentum, she leapt up and spread out her wings, leaving the dust to stir below. They were on their way back to the group, and to bring to the attention of the three Protectors, of what Tesmorlah had seen; and she had learned from the passing of time to trust her visions and intuitions… she hadn’t been wrong so far up till now. It’d be unwise to not heed to such a thing.




Chapter 22

The Temples
    

	The temple of the Protector with the Force of Fire stood strong; though it looked as if at any moment, it was going to collapse.
	Faint whistling breezes blew by every now and then. And a smell of mildew and age had congested the air! A supernatural ghostly hum, had sounded loudly, then, the air became troubled and the random breezes had ceased! There was an apparition; a presence.
	Out of nowhere the leaves on the ground whipped up, left to roll in the rushing air caused by a poltergeist’s movement; and as the leaves twirled and dropped back down, giant footprints had been left behind, in the rich black earth! Whatever caused the movement… was headed to the temple! A wraith, a demon, of evil and malicious intentions.
	The phantom dashed into the narrow entrance, pulling leaves on in with it, on passed the stone walls and into the dark! 
	The air was motionless for just a moment, then fragments of dirt and leaves were drawn out from the temple as the unseen thing rushed through the forest; with the red stone levitating in the air! Whatever it was, it was heading in the direction of the next closest temple! The temple of the Protector with the Force of Water!

	Tesmorlah landed. As soon as all four of her limbs and essence had touched the ground, what had just happened, came to her in a vision. The great evil, rampaging like a villain from one temple to another, and then the vision was gone!
	She drew her head up, and looked at Cristoph and Lithia; and then, Jack! She fixed her eyes on him, staring for a while; she moved her eyes passed Angelus and Helen; and Adrian and Elvia, then slowed her acknowledging and searching eyes, to look intently at the Protectors. “Why won’t you do anything? Why won’t you stop this? You have the power!!!” Tesmorlah flared her nostrils and glared with an angry gaze upon these three beings! 
	The three Protectors hadn’t answered her, and she became enraged and faced them straight on as if to challenge them in combat!
	In Tesmorlah’s fury and rage, she was given an odd reaction; one she had not expected. The Force of Water, Soscorek, said calmly. “We do not know! We do what the Creator asks of us… We really don’t understand Him, or His mysterious methods… but we still trust in Him! When He wants us to interfere... we interfere! When He wants us to stand aside... we stand aside…” 
	Tesmorlah’s face softened as if she understood, and then, all the Protectors said at the same time, to finished Soscorek’s speech. “Yes, we have the power… but we are not God.”
	Tesmorlah had looked away from them, and said to Astrid and the rest. “An evil unseen spirit has taken the sacred stone of the Protector with the Force of Fire... the Protector with the Force of Water... and the Protector with the Force of Air... and now, it is headed for the last temple to acquire the last of the stones! The stone of the Protector with the Force of Earth!
If we don’t hurry, it will be the end for us all! We must act with haste to prevent this from happening!” 
	Jack had looked to Astrid and Astrid had her focus on Tesmorlah; but then, looked back at Jack as he declared. “What are we waiting for? We must stop this foul Creature!” Cristoph added. “I’m with Jack, why are we still standing here; let us go annihilate this fiend!”
	Jack began to stride off, hellbent, and ready to face havoc; look it directly in the eye, and do it in once and for all! There he was… gliding on through the empty Forest, with Cristoph and Lithia, following close behind! 
	Astrid climbed up onto Tesmorlah’s back, and dashed off ahead of them all, as Angelus and Helen had made their way on forward along with Lithia! 
	Elvia had watched the Protectors, and grabbed hold of Adrian’s hand as the three beings of light, set in motion, hovering through the trees behind all the others. Elvia and Adrian flew alongside of Zulmpreedor, the Force of Fire; they all were, now, off to eradicate whatever it was that lied ahead!  

	The Forest was unnatural with a cold silence, while the invisible warping specter stormed passed the trees, leaving a trail of spiraling leaves as the only sign of its presence and existence… it was appalling, nevertheless, no one had been near to be such a lucky witness of this wraith... no one and nothing for miles; but this evil essence alone, meandering through the Forest.

	Jack, the Cloud Clan Queen, the Mydite Warrior, and Tesmorlah, had come, and stopped in front of the sacred temple of the Protector with the Force of Fire. There was a peacefulness about this ancient place, and something peculiarly untouched about it; though Tesmorlah knew better than that from her visions. The thing had been here alright. Elvia and Adrian flew up beside them, and Elvia moved furthest on, and dashed like a bolt of electric, on into the temple to inspect! It had been a long time since she had been here, but she knew exactly what to look for, and where to find it. 
	Angelus and Helen, came and stood next to Lithia, while Elvia now sped out from the narrow passage of the temple entrance. “The stone is gone!”
	The three Protectors, who stood in a precise and perfectly uniformed line behind all of them, hadn’t the slightest reaction to this! 
	Widespread smothered sounds, rose from the distance. An animalistic roar, followed by a violent charging thunder, sounded through the trees from all around them! Jack, Cristoph, and the others nearby, readied themselves for an attack. Elvia and Adrian, and the two humans gathered in between of their own logic, and more importantly, for their own safety!
	Ever-searching eyes, aware and alert, fluttered through the trees for the origin of this plundering thunder. 	
Adrian watched all around, and found his attention drawn to the Protectors. He was shocked to see them all still standing there in the same uniformed manner, with their heads slightly bowed, and their faces, overflowing with calmness and serenity; they behaved so much like light; unchanged, and forever shining into the places accepting; where it could reach. 
	Another roar echoed through the trees, and Adrian’s eyes were back, watching the Forest!
	They found themselves waiting, tantalized by a growing suspense, and then, without warning, there it was! A giant wolf beast, with thick silvery gray fur, containing piercing yellow eyes! The Beast stood there staring directly at them, drawing its head up. They felt, that not just this Beast, but that the entire Forest had been closing in on them. The Beast rumbled a gurgling growl in his throat. Jack held out his hand in a claw, and formed a flame, whispering rapidly!
	“Stop Jack!” 
	He turned back to look at the Protector that had unexpectedly spoke this! The Protector with the Force of Water, Soscorek, nodded his head sincerely, as Jack looked into his large shining white eyes, with seemingly animated watery blue light, lining the outer iris!
	Soscorek spoke again. “It’s okay everyone, it’s Hineeruss, the guardian of the temple of Zulmpreedor!”
	Jack spoke with heightened fury. “But we were attacked by a Beast like this before, and it killed Emily! Angelus and Helen are my witnesses; same goes for Adrian!” 
	Hineeruss announced in a faint growling canine burr. “The other guardians… their souls are eaten away, and they have been taken by the Darkness!”
	 Jack closed his hand, putting out the flame; and the others composed themselves, drawing back their hostility. 
	As if they were expecting to grasp something they did not know, they gave their complete and undivided attention to the beastly wolf, Hineeruss, as he declared. “I’m too late… the stone has been taken…”

	Through the Forest, the unseen, unknown fiend dashed with three stones also floating along, as if they were gripped firmly in a hand!
	The temple of the Protector with the Force of Earth, was just within reach of this devil now; and for the first time this invisible fiend gave out a sound. A warped laugh, breaking through from another dimension, as if struggling to fully come into being in this world! 
	Vines and moss covered the entrance of the temple! The poltergeist rushed forth, ever so hastily; but something sudden and also unexpected, had happened before the fiend could reach its destination! The thing was thrown back by a powerful blast, like something massive had struck it!
	The night sky, turned black, after the fiend came in contact with the thrash! A fierce unexplainable gust of wind, blew the fiend away, carrying it through the air, and smacked it into a tree! The surrounding trees cracked and snapped as they mysteriously came to life, and reached out in claws to snatch up the fiend. Something strange began to happen to the poltergeist; ripples rolled up its invisible warping presence, like it was trying to shape itself into a human form! The branches reaching for it, began to stretch forth like vines, and entangled it in their grasp! 
	The trees ceased movement, after they had completely covered the poltergeist, revealing the profile of a tall man’s body. 
	Total and uneasy silence, prolonged… the thing showed no sign of struggle… then there was a blast! The ensnaring branches surrounding the fiend, burst into millions of shards, and the invisible demon was freed. This invisible distorted existence, was definitely in conflict, with remaining a substance in this dimension. It dashed off once more, and headed straight to the entrance of the temple; but it didn’t make it that far… there was no way in hell it was going to get inside that temple.
	The fiend had been body-slammed as if there was a monstrous creature that had done this to him; and as this unseen thing made contact with him, it flashed visible for a few moments exposing its form! The unseen monster was a great beast made of earth, rock and plants! 
	This monster was able to grab the poltergeist, defying the very rules of life and death. Or was it that this poltergeist was neither dead nor living! The fiend flew far off through the air sliding on the ground, and crashed into the base of a tree! 
	The tree cracked, and split in-two, and half of the tree had fallen crushing the poltergeist, while the other half continued to stand. 
	The long and laid out half of the tree, rose up from the ground, and then, flew aside as if tossed! 	
A loud thunderous sound resonated! 
	The massive unseen beast charged at the fiend, and a clear liquid distortion of space and time appeared between as the two collided! 
	Again and again the collisions occurred, creating sounds of lightning and thunder and impact! Two equally matched opponent; they would destroy the Forest before they would even come close to destroying each other!

	A bent and twisted rumbling grew louder and louder, as Jack, along with all the others, and now joining them, Hineeruss, made haste on forward towards where the indescribable sound was coming from! 
	Lithia began to sprint and zoomed off; barely a second after, Cristoph jumped, ascending into the air. He spun around as he snagged up Helen and Angelus, while they ran on the ground, and held them in his giant arms as if they had been no burden whatsoever to carry. 
	Sleeping Nox, slipped out from under Helen’s collar and free fell towards the ground! 	
Adrian and Elvia spotted the little green dragon, and quickly dashed to his rescue! Elvia caught him just in time by the claw! The grip she had was wanting to slip. Adrian hurried to the other side and grabbed hold of him as well! Elvia was relieved, and snatched the little green dragon’s arm firmly now with her other hand, and released her clumsy grip from his claw. 
	They flew to catch up to Cristoph who excelled in speed; with Angelus and Helen in his tight but not painful grasp. 
	Elvia and Adrian flew as fast as their wings would carry them, but Cristoph had just moved farther and farther away!
	Astrid took notice to Elvia and Adrian flying above her, and leaned forward to speak in Tesmorlah’s ear.
	Tesmorlah jumped up and spread out her wings!
	“Get on.” Astrid said to Elvia and Adrian holding onto the strange green lizard, as Tesmorlah gained altitude, and now flew alongside them. 
	They landed on Tesmorlah’s head, and seized tightly to her horns! 
	Astrid drew up the little green dragon, and held him in a somewhat closed hand. Tesmorlah had picked up her speed, and the green dragon awoke in shock, when he discovered himself in a strange hand!
	Nox decided to stay completely still so the owner of the hand would not know he was not still unconscious. 
	Astrid said to Elvia, in her intellect. “Where did this little dragon come from?” Elvia answered aloud, not noticing that Astrid’s mouth hadn’t moved once, when she asked this of her. “He slipped out from underneath that human’s collar—the female!” 
	Astrid looked at Helen, and then looked at the little dragon; caged by her fingers, and said to him. “Wake up… I’m going to send you back to your friend!” 
	Nox, with anticipation, stood up from his pretend sleep and shouted. “Helen!”
	Astrid cast her eyes upon the little excited leaf-green dragon, and he had disappeared in a poof of pink dust, and reappeared in the same pink poof to underneath Helen’s collar, where he had now held tight!
	Astrid sensed the poor things confusion, and said in his thoughts with a friendly chuckle. “You fell.” 
	The three Protectors, Hineeruss and Jack, charged across the Forest floor, and had caught up to Lithia and Cristoph! 
	Tesmorlah flew precisely to Cristoph’s side, far enough away, so is to not strike him with her wing. 
	In the far distance, they saw a flash of something that appeared to be, some form of liquidized light; they turned slightly, advancing in that direction, at a confident speed!
 




























Chapter 23

Where Has It Gone
                                    

	When they had reached the area, of where the flashing light had come from, there was nothing there... silence... and more silence... The vulnerable portion of them, grew in an uneasy and anxious state of mind!
	As Cristoph released Helen and Angelus, setting them upon their feet, they crept close to each other, holding onto one another.
	Whatever it was, they had thought they saw to be there, was now gone… but where would it go. Hineeruss sighted the Temple of the Protector with the Force of Earth; Bougsmeith. He dashed away and went to have a look inside, coming out almost as quickly as he had gone!
	“The stone is missing!” He shouted in a panic, with wide and troubled eyes! Soscorek, Villicus and Zulmpreedor stood silent and unsurprised, but the rest of them, were certain that this failure on their part, meant it was the end of the Forest as they had known it!
	They stayed and waited for a little while longer to make sure nothing was there.
	“Now what are we going to do...” Jack said in a tone of defeat, walking over to Hineeruss to turn and face towards all of them. 
	There was a long silence.
	“What are we to do next?” Said Jack, repeating himself, trying to get a rise out of them.
	“I’ll tell you what we’ll do next!” said Lithia. “We are going after this thing! Defeated or victorious… I’d rather die knowing I tried to save our home… our Forest! I will see this through, until I breathe my very last breath!”
	Lithia turned, and had looked everyone in the eye, one after another. “With or without you! I’m still going after this thing!”
	Astrid slid down off from the Dragon Queen. “I’m going with you!” she said.
	“And I!” Cristoph said, as he walked forward, drawing his sword, and holding it pointed down to his side.
	Jack held his head cast to the side… his pride of being almost invincible had been crushed, and he was humbled now; now that the thing that had the stones, had all the power of the Protectors; and without having the fourth of the Protectors, Bougsmeith with them, did they even stand a chance!
	Lithia, Astrid and Cristoph, turned and ran off, continuing in the same direction as before! 	Jack had done nothing, but just watched them as they disappeared into the darkness.

	Lithia came to a great fallen tree, split and rotted out in the middle. She jumped over it and somersaulted through the air above, as Astrid floated over upon a greenish cloud, with Cristoph gliding on beside her!
	They landed on the ground, all at the same time, and continued on foot!
	A sound came from overhead! It was the sound of a mighty airborne presence of something large, very large! Quickly, Lithia, Cristoph and Astrid, split up, dividing out in three different directions; this would gain them better control and defense from an attack! 
	The flying monster was closer now; for sure it was descending from the sky! Astrid heard it from behind her on the ground, and moving towards her, advancing fast now! 
	She swiftly turned and began to form a fireball in her hand, when she realized it had only been Tesmorlah! 
	She closed her hand on the fireball and said with thrill. “What made you come?” 
Tesmorlah answered as she came to stand beside Astrid. “I can not let you face this thing… without having me fight also by your side!” 
	Astrid sprung up onto Tesmorlah’s back, and she ascended and flew on right over Lithia and Cristoph! Astrid had shouted down to them. “Look who’s decided to join us!” 
	Cristoph and Lithia glanced above, and were surprised and relieved to learn, that the flying monster was just Tesmorlah; they couldn’t afford anything which would slow them down; time was something they did not have!
	An odd hiss caught Astrid’s ear! It was the sound of someone or something, impending upon them at a remarkable speed! A speed she knew herself to move, only with the aid of magic. She stood up upon Tesmorlah’s back, and scanned over the encircling Forest behind. But the sound had gone away by then, and there was nothing there…
	Then she heard a low thud as if next to her. Astrid turned and saw Jack to be there, standing on Tesmorlah’s shoulder!
	She was both happy and stunned to see him! His eyes glowed ever-brighter blue gray, and his face smiled at her though he wasn’t smiling at all.
	“Jack! What are you doing here?”
	He looked at her longingly, and smiled for real this time; then walked over to her and held her hands in his, and said. “I am a part of you now… remember… you said so yourself...”
	She flung her arms around him and kissed him; as if she didn’t care of what he thought of it; she was caught in the moment! “I’m glad you’re here…” She said as she loosened her embrace and released him.
	He jumped down from Tesmorlah and ran off to join Lithia and Cristoph in the distance.
He was growing ever so dear to her with each passing moment; she felt as if he had moved over her like a flood. Astrid sat down gracefully upon Tesmorlah’s back and continued to ride.  
   
	“Why didn’t we go with them!?” Angelus spoke with rage and restless frustration. “They don’t stand a chance without you three!” 
	The three Protectors faced Angelus who stood slightly in approach to them, and in front of Helen. Angelus had been startled by their quick and liquid movement, and stepped back.
	“Would you go with them… if you could help them fight?” The Protectors said all together.
Angelus replied, confused a little by what they had said. “What do you mean?”
Soscorek then spoke further. “If we were able to change you into a Creature like Cristoph, Tesmorlah or Lithia… would you go then; would you fight alongside them… to the death?”
	Helen knew all too well what had been going on right at that very moment, when she looked at the three Protectors, then looked at Angelus. “Angelus... no!”
	Angelus answered, ignoring Helen. “Could you do that...?”
	They all replied in three glorious voices of unison, and it was then, when he noticed it was hard to tell if there was a difference between their voices; there wasn’t a difference; at least not when they all had spoken together like this. “Yes. We can!” Angelus questioned on. “You can change me into anything?” 
	Soscorek replied. “Yes anything…”
	Angelus looked at Helen, whose eyes began to gather tears, and then, he looked at Soscorek, as if he meant to tell him something… But he didn’t have to say anything, for Soscorek read his mind and knew he couldn’t go through with this; because of Helen. “I understand.” he said, remaining stoic; it didn’t bother Soscorek one way or another it seemed; he stayed poised with the rest, as if there was no urgency to exist of any kind.
	Angelus turned, took a few steps, and lifted Helen’s head and whispered to her. “Hey… hey it’s okay…” 
	“I don’t want you to do this Angelus!” Helen said.
	Angelus looked at her for a while as she bowed her head again, upset and in tears.
	He reached and drew her head up once more and said. “Helen, if I don’t do this… we don’t have a chance of surviving!”
	“Don’t say that!” she snapped at him! “Don’t you ever say that.”
	Helen walked around him, to face the Protectors, and then had done something he hadn’t expected!
	“Change us both!” she said bluntly. “Turn us both into Creatures…”
	“Very well!” Soscorek said.
	Helen turned and walked toward Elvia and Adrian, and said as she took sleeping Nox out from under her collar. “Will you keep him safe for me?” Adrian replied optimistically. “Until you get back.” 	
Adrian took hold of Nox and held him in a cradled manner. Helen came and stood next to Angelus closely, and Soscorek started the process of the transformation!
	They began to light up, glowing in bright and blinding holy admittance! A sparking sound, followed by the faint sound of a breeze, had come along with the light.
	Large and magnificent wings began to form behind them. They were like Cristoph’s, but they appeared to be in white, yet it was too soon to tell; for the color just could have been from the bright light surrounding and shining off of them. 
	Suddenly, their bodies had been drawn up as if pulled by strings attached to their chests, and their feet lifted off of the ground! 
	Soscorek put his palms out, blasting water upon them; then Villicus joined, holding his palms to each of them and blasting air; next, Zulmpreedor came to do the same in blasting fire!
	Feathers formed on the sides of their faces, and also on their elbows and knuckles! These soft silky fluffs seemed to glimmer in the same three colors of the elements, water, air and fire.
	The light faded away and Angelus’s and Helen’s feet returned to the ground. 
	They stood side by side as angels! Their wings were black, and the feathers around the edges of their jawbones, climbed up and around their ears; which were now pointed with the characteristics very much like a goblin’s!
	Helen and Angelus examined their new selves, and as they did, the three Protectors had then said all together. “You are a new kind of species. No other Creature in the Forest is like you! You have the abilities of all three of us combined… but the downsides ensnare… your power is not as great… Now go!”

	Lithia had spotted something on ahead; Cristoph jumped up and flew over to check it out. It was a dead Garbire! 
	Cristoph landed to investigate to make sure it hadn’t still been alive. 
	Lithia came ascending down from the air, right next to Cristoph, as Jack sped up and came to stand there as well; with those undeniably observing eyes. Lithia had reached down and placed her touch on the lifeless Garbire’s neck! 
	“Nothing.” she said.
	“But that’s impossible!” Cristoph argued.
Just then, Tesmorlah landed. Astrid had slid off her back, and walked over to the Garbire with haste in her step. She put her hand on the Creatures heart, and said. “It’s dead…? Unfeasible!” 
	Tesmorlah stared at the Garbire’s body, and then said in horror and fascination. “The only thing that could kill a Garbire... is a Protector… or in our case... someone that possesses all the sacred stones of the Protectors…” 
	Jack examined the body, pointing out that it hadn’t any wounds or blood. Tesmorlah walked over and took a look.
“A powerful magic was used to kill this creature!” What was this evil... 
	Something had zoomed by, and caught their attention! But as they turned their heads to look, it was gone! 
	“What could that have been?” Jack said.
	Cristoph looked around, with his grip prepared to draw his sword; and answered Jack’s question vehemently. “I don’t know, but whatever it was… it has gone now…” This was indeed fervid, when he said it; as if drawn out from the very place of conviction.

	Soaring through the air, without looking back, Helen and Angelus made a quick effort to catch up to Astrid and Tesmorlah; and Cristoph, Lithia, and Jack.
	Flight was now a thing of second nature to them; it was as if they were created with animal instincts, just knowing how to fly, and how they would use their other abilities as well!
	Angelus, for the heck of it, blasted a bolt of water out from his hand! To his surprise, it had bent a tree over, leaving it deracinated underneath, with just a few strong roots preventing it from completely falling!
	Helen looked upon Angelus. “Trying out your powers...?” she said. 
	Angelus replied assertively. “I want to be sure I know how to use them!” 
	Helen looked away, back on track; and they both continued straight on.






 



















Chapter 24

What is it Cristoph


	“What is it?” Jack said, as Cristoph walked off unexplainably. Lithia and the other two stared at him, watching; but said nothing.
	Jack had questioned Cristoph again, after looking around a bit in confusion. “What is it Cristoph?”
	Cristoph sensed something odd. He did not draw his sword, for what he sensed didn’t seem threatening; yet. 
	Cristoph stopped in front of a massive dark and draping tree. Whatever the presence was, it was now staring down upon him; though Cristoph couldn’t actually see it staring at him; he could sense it.
	Lithia was ever watchful, and had her hand ready on her sword.
	Jack waited, peering at Cristoph, standing in front of the tree ahead of them; he noticed something…
	This tree, was unlike any of the other trees surrounding them! Out of all the trees, this one looked dismal and plagued with suffering and sadness, as if it had a personality, a soul. The tree gave out waves of so much emotion by its appearance, that Jack wouldn’t be the slightest bit surprised if it came to life and began to cry.
	Suddenly, something quite unexpected happened! From the tree, a man had jumped down, and landed on the ground in front of Cristoph! Only the lower part of the man’s face was seen. The rest was covered by the lush black hair that adorned his head. 
	Cristoph, in sudden surprise, drew his sword, and said with harshness. “Stand back!”
	The man grinned slightly, and then, replied. “Relax, I do not want to fight you. I am here to take part in league with you.”
	Cristoph eyed-up the man, hesitated for a few brief seconds, then drew his sword back, holding it at his side.
	“With us?” Cristoph said, looking at the man fixedly. “Who are you?”
	Jack, Lithia, Astrid and Tesmorlah, came up and gathered out around, standing on both sides of Cristoph. 
	“It doesn’t matter who I am, it only matters why I am here. I am here to help you destroy the great evil, which destroyed the Garbire, and will destroy this Forest, if we don’t make haste to stop it!” 
	Tesmorlah stepped forth, and declared to the mysterious man. “We haven’t a chance against this thing that killed the Garbire!”
	The man turned his head to face Tesmorlah, but still, his hair hid his identity; if it had even been known by any of them from somewhere... some time ago. “With me… you will defeat it.”
Cristoph glanced at Tesmorlah, then looked at the man and questioned. “How do we know we can trust you?” Jack added. “How do we know this isn’t a trick!?” 
	The man lowered his head, and when he did, his voluminous hair, gave off an illusion of being weightless as it bounced. There was a momentary silence… and then, the fair skinned, black haired man spoke. “Have faith…”
	“What was that?” Jack said. A sleek cutting sound broke through the atmosphere. Cristoph and Lithia, Jack and Tesmorlah, Astrid and the man stood in defense, and had searched the distance with their active and watchful eyes!

	Helen and Angelus flew on while keeping a look out below for Lithia, Cristoph, or any sign of the others.
“Look at that!” Angelus said to Helen, as he had pointed down to some kind of dead reptilian Creature, on the left.
	“Could it be polluted by the Dark?” Angelus looked at it a little harder, trying to make good judgement of it; and saw that it didn’t have any marks or wounds. “It doesn’t look like it… it doesn’t look dead either. Let’s check it out.”
	Angelus swooped down and landed, and Helen did the same. 
	“It looks like it could be alive… but it isn’t moving.” Angelus said, nearing closer to it. 
	Helen shrieked in fright as he crept towards this great beast. “Be careful!” 
	Angelus laid his hand on its neck. “No pulse, but the warmth hasn’t left the body yet!” This was a horror he most dreaded. This meant the Creature had just been killed… by what… 
Angelus stepped back in alarm, when a snapping had echoed from beyond, startling him! He looked around in minor panic, and then glanced back upon Helen for a moment, then continued vigilantly watching the Forest. He spoke slowly and softly. “Whatever killed this Creature... is still here...”
	A crashing and intense vibration, snuck up on him from behind! He turned to see what had been there, but found only Helen, and she was lying on the ground, as if she had just been knocked off her feet! 	
“Helen! What happened?”
	Helen rolled over and tucked and pulled her wings in, as she rose from whiplash and said. “It came so fast! I don’t know!” 
	Suddenly, a giant woman appeared in front of them. It was Lithia! But she had not seemed to recognize Helen or Angelus. She drew her sword and swung it for Angelus’s head!
	Angelus quickly ducked and grabbed Lithia’s leg, with so much accuracy, speed and advantage, and before she even knew what had happened, she was on the ground!
	“Lithia! Stop! It’s us!” 
	Lithia sprung up, and had swung her sword once more in attempts to thrash him. Angelus folded back and dodged the blade, about to severe him in half!
	Helen shouted. “Lithia, it’s Helen and Angelus!”
	Lithia stopped and stood there, looking to Helen as her strong voice rang through the trees. Angelus scurried and stood up straight, as Lithia put her sword down. Jack came running over with incredible speed and asked; as he studied them in confusion. “Angelus? Helen? How did this happen?”
	Helen and Angelus answered right as Astrid and Tesmorlah appeared out of nowhere, to come and stand next to Jack. “We wanted to help, and the three Protectors made us able to do so! That’s it... basically...” 
	Cristoph, observing from above in a nearby tree, came flying over, and landed adjacent to Lithia; and the mysterious man materialized aside her along with him! 
	Angelus looked at the fair-skinned, not too terribly bulky, black-haired man. “What is… who is this?” 
	The dark haired man, drew his bowed head up and said humbly. “There’s no need to fear me… I am here to aid thee in destroying the darkness.”
	How remarkably liquid. Helen watched the man’s perfect lips form the words so enchantingly; and thought it almost seductive. His tongue had been sharp like a blade, and his behavior crafty and sly. He had wisdom; secret…hidden wisdom.
	There was a silence, and then Jack said, as he shot a glance to Angelus and Helen. “What kind of Creatures are you two?” 
Helen replied. “We don’t know! The Protectors said we were of them, and a new species.” Angelus agreed to this. “We have no name... just like how this man—” he said subtly, mocking the influencing mysteries. “Has no name.” Jack could tell Angelus had been speaking with slight sarcasm, but it seemed to slip passed everyone else.
	Cristoph had glanced at Angelus and Helen, and then back and forth, eyes fluttering from one to another. 	
“I’m glad you two decided to come.” 
	Cristoph turned and faced the Forest ahead. “Now we have an even better chance of achieving victory!” he said. 
	Lithia drew nearer to Cristoph, and pivoted, facing the trees, which they would soon be moving on and out into. “Time does not wait.”
	Tesmorlah turned, and with her tail, grabbed Astrid gently and set her down upon her back.
	“Then let us go!” Tesmorlah roared, and then began to sprint, swiftly leaping up, and became airborne.
	Helen and Angelus joined her in the air, as Jack, Lithia and the man, took off on foot. Tesmorlah now climbed higher and higher, as Lithia jumped on from one tree to the next, gaining speed to catch up to her.
	The last to assemble, was Cristoph; he spread his great gargoyle wingspan, ascending with haste, dashing off after Tesmorlah, Astrid and Angelus… who were quite a challenging distance away.

 
                                           




Chapter 25

The Evil


	From out of the sheer blackness of the Forest, came a dismal and whimpering howl. A half dog, half dragon Creature, having white scales, and a white beard, freefell to the ground; left in mystery of how it had ended up that way, now lying there dead!
	Near it, the two invisible phantoms collided; and though trying very hard, neither of the two could weaken nor shake the other. 
	Both so powerful, and both so equally destructive to all surroundings; the Forest would surely meet its doom before one of them would.

	Flying above Jack, Lithia, and the man, in the dark Forest, Tesmorlah spotted a massive and pale, dusky object, against the bottom of a tree.
	Before Tesmorlah spoke, Astrid declared, elongating forth her arm, reaching her hand, and pointing out her index finger. “What do you make of that?”
	Cristoph dashed on to the forefront and peered ahead, squinting into the distance, while Astrid watched, her gaze intensified as well!
	Though dim and generally not very noticeable, her eyes appeared to produce a purple luminescence shining in the darkness. “It’s another Creature! From the looks of it, it doesn’t retain any signs of physical injury either.”
	Lithia jumped up high, and had bounced off a tree, spotting the giant white dragon, and knew exactly what species it was upon first sight of it. She let the name of the Creature roll off her tongue, so the others could hear, as she flew through the air towards another tree. “A Birrat!”
	She bounced, and pushed off from against the tall titan, and then continued; picking up her pace, bouncing on, from tree to tree; it was that, and a combination of taking off on foot, of which she did every now and then.
	“What is it?” Jack exclaimed as the man and him had hurried to catch up to Lithia. She stopped just ahead though, right there in front of the great white resting Creature. Jack had taken notice of this thing like how everyone else had from afar, yet thought it nothing important, or too terribly significant that is was there. Just another unfortunate and butchered Creature.
	“It’s a Birrat! A Birrat Dragon!” Lithia said with pity in her voice. 
	“Why did you stop?” Jack asked. 
	Lithia turned and stared him in the eyes. “Eight hundred years ago… these dragons were seen everywhere, all the time; they were a prolific and a happy species... they quickly disappeared…” she said, then turned her back to Jack and the mysterious man. “It is grieving, to see one after all this time … dead… such a beautiful Creature… dead...”
	Jack looked at the dragon’s pitifully dull face, and felt such irked sympathy, but said nothing to Lithia.
	Tesmorlah, Angelus, Cristoph and Helen, landed engagingly, about twelve feet from Jack! 	Jack turned and watched Cristoph, who gathered over to the perished Birrat. He then did something as brutal as it was unpredicted. He lifted up the large scale over the heart, and carved it out with the tip of his sword.
	“Why are you doing this!?” Jack shrieked, as Cristoph reached deep into the dragon’s chest pulling out its heart! “Birrat’s have a special gift! he said. “They can foreshadow the future, yet they can’t see it, unless someone or something has asked them to show them. These oracles were approached by Creatures all over this Forest, almost daily, until they grew scares and became extinct— I’m going to find out what happened here!”
	Cristoph held the heart up to the heavens, then a sort of pale blue light began to radiate from it. It drifted up, levitating and rising from off of Cristoph’s cradling palm. It had come to a stop, above and in front of him, bobbing in the air.
	The light grew brighter and the heart burst open! Then, unexpectedly, the spirit of the Birrat dragon appeared. 
	The dragon hovered in the same bobbing, floating manner; the same movement as the heart before. The ends of its fur swayed weightless like it had been underwater. 
	“What happened to you?” Cristoph boldly demanded, getting straight to the point.
	“Two evil forces clashed… my life energy was absorbed, ripped away from me... and I was no more.”
	Cristoph asked, as the dragon lowered his head with a loud airy sound as it moved.
	“What are these two evil forces?” 
	“You mean what were they…” the dragon said.
	“I don’t have time for your riddles Birrat! Tell me what I want to know! Where are they?” Cristoph said with a stern tone, though remaining brilliantly calm and contained. The Birrat dragon blinked his sad blue dog eyes, and then opened them into something different. His eyes lit up and his sight beamed out upon their faces, a glorious and holy shining white. “One is not of this place, but of a drifting form of the spirit world, and one is of this world, a living being. They are far too powerful to be destroyed, even with all of you combined! I see a tragic ending. The darkness taking over, and the two evil forces, at war with each other forever fighting, until they destroy this Forest, and then... have their way with the world of the humans!”
	Cristoph lowered his head, and tightened his grip on his sword for a lack of another way to express his sudden heroic drive to take care of this matter. He said with hopeless frustration. “Is there not a way to stop them...?”
	The dragon glanced at Astrid, and then glared at Cristoph and answered. “There is… you must speak the spirit’s true name, and it will be sent back from whence it came. Be warned and beware of the forces draining your life source!”
	The Birrat floated there for a little longer waiting, and then Cristoph bowed his head down in silence, lingering there for a moment. He looked to Lithia, and then to the Birrat. “Where are they?” The dragon drew forth his ghostly limb and turned his head to look behind himself, pointing into the depths of the unknown, where only darkness would survive. 
	“Thank you…” Cristoph said as he looked beyond the distant trees, seeing through the transparent oracle.
	The ghostly figure of the Birrat began to fade; then in a snap, followed with a sheer and certain high-pitched cracking, the dragon’s spirit disappeared; and the pieces left of the dragon’s heart, disintegrated into dust and fell to the ground.











Chapter 26

The River


	They emerged from the trees and came to a broad riverbed. Dried up, and failing to give so many unfortunate Creatures that have passed through here water. Cristoph was the first to land as Lithia, Jack, and the hidden-faced man, gathered to the edge and stopped; and looked across to the other side.
	Angelus, Helen and Tesmorlah landed in the river. Tesmorlah’s weight triggered the rocks to shift beneath her feet, and she was about to stumble over, but quickly regained her balance.
	Cristoph looked at Lithia, and met her eyes for an instance before she returned her gaze on down the massive riverbed.
	“They can’t be too far now…” Lithia said.
	“Yes, I can feel them!” Tesmorlah confirmed, as Astrid jumped off her back and stood by Cristoph. He had his wings draping down loosely to both sides, for fear that he might have to take off at any moment!
	Sure enough, a disturbing sound had echoed from on ahead, farther on than they could see! No more than a second after, the sound had been accompanied by a low rumble, quaking; and it was then when they saw it! A violently charging flashflood!
	Astrid mounted Tesmorlah as she leapt up, hovering above in the air. Cristoph, Helen and Angelus, flew up and idled there aside Tesmorlah, as the rest took to the trees!
	Just as Jack, Lithia and the man reached safety upon a high branch, they spotted something that frightened them! 
	The giant titans of trees, standing tall and strong as if they would do so forever, were being torn up row by row by a massive monsoon, and the storm had been heading towards them and fast!
	Cristoph looked ahead, a massive three hundred foot wave as far as the eye could see, was approaching. Cristoph worried, realizing the situation, and had looked down upon Lithia.
	“Angelus, get Jack!” Cristoph said as he dashed towards the giant branch, where Lithia, the man and Jack, were sitting ducks! 
	The sound created by the massive wave had drowned out all else… the usually loud air-cutting sound of Cristoph’s wings, along with all of their screams and shouts, went unheard. 
	Jack gazed on up at Tesmorlah and the rest, hovering high above them, and then with relief, he spotted Cristoph rushing now to their rescue!
	“He’s not going to make it!” Jack thought, as he had stared at the monstrous wave coming at them, destroying everything in front of it.
	Jack could wait no longer for this fate to seal them. Jack took matters into his own hands, taking immediate action by clutching tightly to Lithia and the man, while then whispering violently, these five harsh syllables over and over!
	They lifted into the air and spun around, leaving a spiraling trail of fog behind! Jack repeated this strange gibberish until he reached Cristoph... and Angelus had been right there too, just coming up behind him!
	Cristoph grabbed onto all three of them, holding them securely flying up as fast as he could to the others above! Angelus came up to catch Jack as Cristoph tossed him to him like a rag-doll. They were out of reach of the wave, and just in time before it collapsed down upon them!
	Water went rolling on passed with broken trees drifting calmly within it. The loud sound of the water’s movement faded and rested.
	Tesmorlah, Astrid and Helen stared at Cristoph and Angelus, with anxious astonishment. What a feat they had executed. Helen hurried to help Angelus support Jack; who was, for the first time worn out! 
	This version of him, one zapped of energy drained of power, was quickly rejuvenated and replenished, just as it had been discerned. He lifted his head which cradled on Angelus’s shoulder; back to his old self. It had been as if he was in a dazed confusion, rather than experiencing exhaustion; in fact, it had seemed more like he just fainted and now had awakened. He glared at the boundless river of flowing water, now far behind and below them.















Chapter 27

The Loose End


	A bolt of ice dropped from the sky and landed between the two great evils, as they continued to battle! There was a passing of a momentary silence, then simultaneously, raindrops of fire, fell, burning through everything they came in contact with; there was no longer a balance in the weather, and other strange occurrences continued to pan out in the great mystery of it all; there would be a few seconds of hail here and there, then there was lightning, striking all over the surface of the earth, and then flashfloods far off in the distance; for certain, this was just the beginning; more was yet to come.
	Cristoph, caring Lithia in one arm, and the hidden-faced man in the other, had led the rest, flying on no matter what!
	A blast of lightning struck a tree, just missing Cristoph by a couple or so feet! 
	“There’s not much time… hurry!” Cristoph said as he lunged off at full speed! 

	A splatter of blood splashed off of one of the invisible being’s face flinging towards the ground. The blood turned black as it moved through the air; and when it finally did hit the ground, the blood disintegrated into millions of little particles resembling dust. 
	The earth cracked and split, opening an abyss of darkness! Cristoph peered on down, and gazed at the colossal broken vein spreading out over the ground beneath. He glanced back, as if to evaluate the others which chased, straining to keep up with him!
	Tesmorlah caught a glimpse of what flickered there in his eyes, and knew by his expression that he knew she would follow after him, no matter where he would lead. He returned his gaze below, and unexpectedly, made a swift dive deep down into the Forest, and disappeared in the trees! 
	“Come on!” Angelus said as he plunged down after him! 
	He had abruptly thrown Tesmorlah out of her place, and now was in the lead; and Helen sped up to match his pace, and came to follow closely to him. Ahead, Tesmorlah had spotted Cristoph. “There!” 
	She took off, passing Angelus hastily; yet he and Helen followed not far behind.
	Lightning struck, cracking throughout the Forest from all sides; and every now and then, it had struck dangerously close in the front, and from the back of them; at any moment, it could strike one of them down!
	Cristoph spotted something questionable! The leaves, branches, twigs, plants, rocks, and soil, were tossed and thrown as if stirred up by an odd shifting of movement! He could not tell if it was of the storm, or of the devil he was searching for. Lithia glanced up upon Cristoph, and he knew and responded with eye-contact and a nod; he dropped her like how she signaled, and she landed on the ground, pulling out her sword!
	Lithia hid behind a tree with her back on it! The great evils didn’t even notice her presence, for any sound she had made was drowned out by the constant wind, and floods and cracking ground. The disaster around grew larger and louder. The Forest couldn’t take much more of this. Time was running out!
	Cristoph flew on over a bit to another location, and dropped the man on the other side of the battling beings; but something Cristoph had not expected had happened; the man uncovered his face, revealing a hideous deformity! He was blind and his forehead was riddled with lesions and terribly scarred flesh! The man spoke. “By the end of this day you will know my name!” 
	Cristoph dropped the man, and he walked calmly behind a nearby boulder after landing in a secure crouched position; his left hand keeping him supported from falling forward.
	Tesmorlah, Angelus and Helen, came flying up, and Cristoph gazed individually into each of their eyes as if he was telling them this was it. The final moment that would soon prove to be for the better, or for certain doom.
	Angelus had now came to see the invisible forces for himself, and was awestruck by it; but at the same time terrified! Jack and Helen, Astrid and Tesmorlah, glared at the sight of the greatly disturbed earth, left desolate and withered, drained of life! They quickly gathered further awareness of their surroundings, forming a strategy; they spotted Lithia behind a tree, then the man behind a boulder, across from her on the other side; they wouldn’t have noticed him, unless if he made himself visible to them like how he did; for a few seconds he stepped out, and then returned to conceal himself. 
	Beyond the confines of what they knew, and of what they could feel; it was time for their next move. Cristoph looked to Astrid, then to Jack, and nodded. Astrid sprung forth from Tesmorlah, falling through the air, and moved her lips rapidly. A watery substance shot out from her palms to the front of her, creating a clear wall. Before she hit the ground, she pointed her palms down facing the floor beneath and stopped; giving her only a space of three inches from plundering into the earth. She idled there for a moment, then hovered forward slowly on. Jack watched her... magic could only be of the gods with how she had executed this; an immaculate display! It was about seven seconds after her descent, Angelus came and flew over, now dropping Jack; and then Jack had done the same as Astrid. 
	Slowly and stealthily, they all crept closer and closer to the evil life forms. The shields of Astrid and Jack were camouflaged mimicking whatever terrain would be there if they weren’t, and it made them invisible to every eye, unless of course if their presence was felt, heard, detected in some other way, they would remain unseen.
	As they walked, Astrid and Jack formed shields in front of each of the others, zeroing in; starting with Lithia and the man first and then continued with the others.
	With understanding of this, the man, and Lithia came out from behind their hiding, and joined Astrid and Jack, following closely. 
	Steadily, Cristoph began to fly forward, catching on quickly to what trick Astrid and Jack had put to good use; Tesmorlah, Angelus and Helen, flew near to him and maintained in flight alongside; yet slightly behind him. 
	Lightning struck the ground almost constantly, and just missing them; and hailstones of all sizes, fell from the sky; it was a dreary setting, and there was no mystery of the misery it brought regardless of their fighting spirits! 
	Another slop of blood splattered off of one of the beings, just as the wind had picked up asking the leaves for a dance, as the blood hit the ground. Now came the grand finale of the raging storm; a whirlwind spiraled down from the distance, off in the east!
	But the weather was not quite finished with surprising, shocking them; and it was then when thousands upon thousands of cyclones began to form throughout the Forest. Nothing outside the area of the battling beings would be alive for much longer!
	Astrid threw her hands to the sky, and glinting blue light shot on up creating a large rectangular box, sealing closed over and above them. The protective chamber shut out the weather, enclosing in a large part of the forest with all of them, and the two invisible evils, safely confined inside! 
	Silence… stillness… the roaring weather had gone unnoticed outside the clear rectangular chamber; even though she had struggled to keep it hidden, this great creation had taken its draining toll on Astrid. She was weakened, and Jack knew this, he felt this… Yes, it had taxed her considerably.
	The tossing and throwing of the earth had stopped, and the two evils were now undetectable! They had known that something was here, with them now. Astrid struck out her eyes for a sign of them, looking around indefinitely it would seem; as well, did Jack and the rest.
	The damaged titans stood silent; confirming that they had not been in the branches above; all around them... complete silence!
	They still searched over and on through the endless trees as if it was preeminent that they should be there. Foolish, but above all else, desperate. This peacefulness offended them, insulted their warring and ready hearts. Then, all so sudden and unexpected, Astrid had been knocked to the ground and dragged off by the thing that had gotten the better of her from behind! She swung her body to face the invisible attacker, but only managed to do so ever-so slightly, but still enough to put forth her hands to draw purple dust into her palms, and whisper in the magical tongue! She had this handled, but before the spell was performed, a purple glowing globe had come out of nowhere colliding with the invisible fiend!
	This unforgiving purple sphere exploded on impact, and the evil being screeched in an unearthly wail; though in this attempt of rescue, still, the fiend hadn’t released Astrid! There was silence and the world had stopped moving; then she was dragged off on through the Forest again! 
	In Astrid’s hands, a generating energy from the purple dust, a fireball formed, and hit the invisible being, but it hadn’t made a difference, and this time, there was not a screech or a sound at all. Could this thing have been becoming stronger and more resistant from and with each of their blows! There was no time to find out! They feared what would happen, if they didn’t get Astrid away from this demon!
	Cristoph, Angelus, Helen and the Dragon Queen charged at the demented and warped existence, and readied their means of attack! 
	Helen threw a blast of water at the being, and Angelus a gust of wind! Cristoph lunged at the thing with his sword out! Why wasn’t anything working! What was this damned thing?
	Lithia, Jack and the man, ran on after her trying to reach her, throwing one useless attack after another! Lithia took to the trees, chucking knives. Jack kept trying his sorcery, which the thing mysteriously seemed to be gaining an immunity to! The man did nothing but follow and strain to close in near enough to strike!
	Tesmorlah was not confident enough to trust her aim, and she couldn’t use her solar breath for she would certainly injure Astrid in the process. Meanwhile, everyone except for her and the man, still continued their attempts to free Astrid and destroy the unseen fiend! 
	A rising pressure, overtook them. And the very realization of losing Astrid was too intolerable to fathom! Their attention… minds so preoccupied, they hadn’t passed a single thought for their own skins! Electrifying and distracting, a loud rushing clack had snuck up from behind Jack and the man! It was the other of the two invisible beings! Yes, the other had now made itself known!
	Jack turned and whispered, materializing and throwing one jade colored dart after another, in every direction hoping to strike the thing eventually! 
	The sound had grown louder and louder, meaning the thing had been close now! 
	The man put his finger out, sending a black sparking electricity, bolting straight out to the nothingness in front of him. Miraculously, it struck the invisible being, outlining the thing with a then mild gray film. Its whereabouts had now been known, for it was visible… in a way, more or less. Jack began to swat one attack after another, stumbled a little in the distraction of the chaos, but did not fall or falter. He bolted out fireballs and spells, and magic of all kinds. One was a magic cage, but the fiend broke free like it was nothing. He continued on tenterhooks, that one, if not the previous, would at last have some effect!  
	Cristoph finally neared close enough to the thing to throw his sword, and the blade went chopping through the air; but when it had reached the invisible being, the sword was deflected; and had bounced off to be sent piercing into a tree! 
	Invincible were these beings; undefeatable it would seem!
	The thing stopped finally, but then, as matters appeared to become less complicated, the thing jumped up into a tree with Astrid dangling from its grasp; she had continued to cast spells and blast fireballs to no avail. Nothing fazed these unknown monsters!
	Such strenuous efforts Jack had made to destroy the unseen evil; but they were ineffective. It still had come trampling on through the Forest towards him, though he tried everything in his power to stop it; it would never be stopped! How defiling to all that is holy; and if he was to be conquered by this evil, what a horror that would be!
	Then suddenly, as Jack had ceased attack, all about given up, the man took over!
	He had reached him, guarding in front of him as the gray film-covered beast continued to charge; he put his hand out!
	A destructive sphere of black had burned with flickers of gray fire, and zoomed off through the air with a sleek whistle!
	The sphere struck the monster head on, blowing the thing back; the attack of the man had effect, and inflicted a notable sort of injury; but even though, it was not incredibly maimed!
	“What are you?” Jack said in disbelief and doubt of his own capabilities!
	The man turned and spotted Astrid; and this was not a pleasant sight! She was held up, as if about to be torn in half by the fiend which had her!
	A black bolt of electricity shooting from out of his chest, plowed into the invisible thing and threw it back; Astrid was free, and now dropped clumsily to the ground.
	Jack put forth his hand and sent a greenish cloud zooming to break her fall!
	The cloud met with her falling body, intercepting, and caught her twelve feet above the ground, and then swung around and began to come back to Jack.
	Cristoph reached the tree where his sword had been wedged inside, and pulled it out swiftly as he flew by.
	A thundering screech, had come from the outlined demon, as it returned to its feet! 
	Jack spun around to defend himself, but the creature struck him with a hulking and enormous arm!
	The man threw a glossy, silver and shapeless object upon the invisible fiend, and the object broke like glass, splashing a chrome liquid, pouring over it!
	Jack went sliding through the debris and crashed into a trunk! He appeared to be unconscious, as the tree he had struck began to crack.
	Astrid had shook and collected herself. She stood upon the cloud, as it moved towards this gray and translucent beast. The mysterious man had been casting some kind of spells on the invisible fiend; of a kind of magic she had no familiarity with, and it was surprisingly having a considerable effect!
	Something caught her ear! She could no longer pay mind to that of the attack of this invisible hulk; Jack was in trouble! She looked over, and then observed the large split traveling up the tree from the source at the base. She saw Jack, but first had no idea of what to do!
She stared back and saw Cristoph, Lithia, Tesmorlah and the others, battling the invisible being. Lithia jumped at the thing, but it had thrown her aside before she could strike with her sword.
	This continued to happen as each of them charged at it and came too close within its reach. 
She realized that for some reason, this being had really only wanted her, not them. They were fending it off, trying to keep it from her! It tossed them and threw them, zeroing in on her.
	What could it possibly want with me? Astrid thought.
	The tree began to fall! Astrid jumped down from the greenish cloud and began to run to Jack’s rescue, becoming a blur as she zoomed off!
	The tree snapped, falling toward her now, and if she didn’t hurry, Jack, as well as her, would be crushed! 	
She put her arms up, palms facing the falling titan! A bright orange, red, and yellow glowing light, shot up from her hands. The tree stopped in midair as the multihued light spread out and had covered over it completely. 
	Astrid reached Jack, and then gathered him up dashing away from the invisible being! No more had the others been able to keep it away from her! The chase had begun.
	This was her now making her great escape! Astrid glanced back to the fiend, and saw that Cristoph, Lithia, Tesmorlah and the other two, had still been lunging upon the unseen enemy, though still tossed aback by a deflective force!
Lithia pulled herself up from the ground, and struck at the air around her in desperation. A powerful nova exhumed by the fiend, flung Cristoph, Lithia and the others, high and far off into the Forest. Now that they were out of the picture, the fiend appeared to rapidly gain momentum, pulling away the life of the Forest as it ran passed; draining the energy of the environment around to fuel its own power, while closing in on Astrid! 
	Cristoph, Lithia, Tesmorlah, Angelus and Helen, hesitated from rising to their feet; they were off balance, dizzy, and slightly confused by the blast.
	Astrid glanced, and saw where the leaves, twigs, branches and soil, were being thrown up, and the trees had been left dead and dried up behind! The fiend was almost in reach of her!
	She observed further and realized the patterns of the debris flying up and back, was the same pattern as her own! Could it be that it had performed the same spell as she?
	Astrid returned her gazed to the Forest afar in front of her. Soon she would reach the wall of the rectangular chamber; she tried to think of a way to exterminate this demon. If magic doesn’t affect it and knifes, swords, and elemental attacks don’t affect it; how can this thing be destroyed?
	Something broke her concentration! An unearthly screech; but it sounded too close to be the wraith which was behind her … neither of something else that could be around her. It hadn’t been physical or tangible; it seemed like it had come from inside her head!
	The screech came again as Astrid had reached the wall of the chamber; but instead of changing direction, she whispered something in a rapid tongue, and ran on up the wall of the rectangle; defying the laws of gravity, and had no struggle in doing so.
	“What do you want?” She asked as the screech came yet again. It was an intimate tone, the one of which she spoke these words, as if whatever had caused the screeching had been there right alongside her!
	No answer came. Astrid looked back when she heard the hulking fiend creeping up behind her; running upon the clear chamber wall as well! 
	Astrid scanned far back, and saw Cristoph, Helen, Angelus and Lithia, dashing to her aid.
	The mysterious man had held his own. He was quite composed and calm amidst the chaotic circumstances. The translucent beast dove to attack the man, but he blasted it back an impressive distance. It seemed that he was not attempting to destroy it; just keep it preoccupied with him; keep it at bay. These beings could not be defeated; wasn’t that right?
	Helen and Angelus had come together to form a super attack! They joined the fire surging from their palms into a massive rolling flame-blast; rocketing towards nothing from thirty feet behind Astrid, hoping to hit the invisible fiend!
	A breathy sigh of ease thud in Astrid’s head; she gave out a death-written scream, followed by an unearthly shout. “What do you want!”
	Surprisingly for the first time there had been an answer; though it was one from a scratchy echo of many unsexed voices. “You!” 
 	“What?” Astrid said in shock, but there was not another reply to follow.
	She continued running on with Jack resting unconscious in her arms.
	The fiend had gained on her, and would soon have her in its grasp… for the second time! She contemplated the situation and realized that dying by the hand of this thing, would undeniably be her fate.
	Subsequently, the invisible fiend snatched her by the back of the neck. A blue ripple rolled down from a hand, and continued to travel, revealing a muscular and tall man’s body!
	Astrid struggled, but couldn’t get free; it was the same as before.
	The invisible man had swung her around to face him; and a voice spoke inside her head as another ripple rolled down from his arm, over the rest of his body, disclosing, that he had been looking directly into her eyes!
	“I should almost thank you for doing this to me… ‘cause now I am truly invincible!” The voice in her head, said.
	Silence… as if she became deaf while she, in a daze, had turned her head to the side, looking at Cristoph, Lithia, Tesmorlah... Angelus... Helen.
	Jack slipped from her grasp as her vision began to blur… 
	“How did you become this? She said as she stared off into the abyss with her head and limbs dangling.
	“Ah, you recognize me!” The man said, revealing his true voice. “You didn’t plan for this did you... well, ha! Mostly everyone and everything I’ve killed, I’ve also damned to walk this earth unseen and unconnected to it forever; as a ghost… as one might put it.”
	The invisible man drew Astrid to an intimate closeness and began to whisper to her. “How ironic… don’t you agree; in trying to destroy me… you have made me into something you can no longer destroy!” 
	He pulled her even closer, and said, this time softly into her ear. “This is the part where I kill you…”
	Astrid drew her face up to look into those scarcely suggestions of his eyes, and said with all the strength she could conjure. “No… Heckyeth!”
Something had changed. Heckyeth became visible, and a black charcoal darkened him, and spread out over his body as Astrid continued. “This is the part where I destroy you!”
	He squeezed his hand around her neck, but in the closing of his grasp, it had broken into sleek glossy black chunks of coal, and slipped down the surface to fall to the ground far beneath.
	Heckyeth shouted in a panic, as his limbs, then, began to crack and break off. “What…what is this! What is happening to me?”
	Astrid whispered a spell and her feet returned to the rectangular chamber wall as if she was pulled to it magnetically. Heckyeth remained floating in front of her, confused and dastardly struck by the realization of these being his final moments.
	She watched his body crack and fall, sliding on down the clear glassy chamber wall.
	“You have destroyed yourself by revealing your identity. It’s ironic; you came after me in seeking revenge, and I am the only one who knows your name… and... by speaking your true name I have destroyed you.” It was all too perfect.
	The rest of Heckyeth’s body, had then, broke into smaller pieces, joining the rest of his remains.
	As Astrid had watched what was left of Heckyeth slide down, she remembered Jack slipping from her grasp!
	“Oh no! Jack!” She cried out!
	She scanned the area below, but hadn’t seen him!
	She spoke the magical language hurriedly, and dashed, and surfed down the glossy clear wall, running and sliding at an incredible rate!
	Astrid spoke again in the unknown tongue, and moved her eyes frantically all over the terrain as they had changed to purple!
	Then, at last, she spotted him!
	Jack’s body was lying lifelessly on a high and large tree branch!
	She swiftly dashed over and up into it, as soon as she reached the Forest floor!
	Jack laid on his back with his face turned away, and all his limbs lying outstretched; except for his right from of which his hand had rested upon his abdomen.
	She neared him slowly and kneeled down close.
	He was breathing!
	Astrid felt relieved, and almost began to cry, but didn’t. Her eyes scanned over his body for any injuries.
	She laid her left hand on top of his hand upon his abdomen, and turned his face to face hers; slowly and tenderly with her other.
	Tesmorlah, Cristoph, Lithia, Helen and Angelus, came rampaging through the Forest, and stopped at the base of the tree looking up at Astrid and Jack; they tarried there waiting for one of them to decide what to make of it… what to do… but Astrid seemed to have everything under control, and none of them acted upon what was expected; of climbing or joining them in the tree… so they just stood silent having patience.
	“Astrid, you’ve defeated the fiend! How?” Tesmorlah asked, finally breaking the silence. 
	Astrid replied. “I spoke his true name…”
	Suddenly something caught Astrid’s eye over in the pile of Heckyeth’s remains. There were three sparkling objects. She hastily hopped down from the tree, and had rushed to them, as if they were to disappear before she would reach them!
There were three stones flashing off and on, in red, blue and white light, lying in a nest of the broken charcoal.
	Astrid bent down and scooped them up in her one hand. Oddly, when she had, the flashing stopped, and steadied to a soft glow.
	All of a sudden a loud thunderous crash grumbled towards them from where the mysterious man, and the other invisible fiend had been; carrying on, keeping each other occupied.
	Astrid turned, and stared off in the distant direction, searching for the source of the sound! Jack, Cristoph, Lithia, and the others, came to notice the stones Astrid held in her hands.
	“The Sacred Stones of the Protectors!” Tesmorlah said.
	“Yes, but there are only three…” Cristoph added, and then continued to speak. “That means, the other invisible being must have the fourth!”
	An intense blast of wind brought on by an explosion, rushed towards them; and right after the wind, a low rolling cloud of soil and other particles had ripped up, and then, flopped flat to the ground like a crashing wave!
	Dodging the blows, of the bulky, yet unrevealed fiend, peculiarly, the man put his hand out to one side, while continuing to maneuver with incredibly fluid agility.
	His hand began to turn black, and rapidly; thick black armor resembling scales, broke out of the skin of his fingers, and then, huge reptilian claws forced their way out from beneath, causing his fingernails to drop to the ground.
	The man speared the hand into the fiend’s side! 
	Blood squirted out and splashed on everything near, while it continued to spray out of the sizeable wound! 
	Jack slipped from the tree branch, and Astrid dashed to catch him! She jumped up and lifted her limb out for him, then caught him, and did so quite elegantly considering the clumsy awkwardness of the rescue; and she gracefully landed, crouched slightly, and laid him down. 
	When she pulled her hand out from underneath him, she found a stain of blood running from her palm down to her forearm!
	Quickly she rolled Jack over on his side and inspected his flesh. 
	Jack’s back had been sliced open from a branch which snagged him as he fell from the tree. Astrid placed her finger on the top of the cut, and dragged it down along his back. As she did this, Jack’s skin healed shut without even a single scratch or residual scar left to show for it.
	Astrid, then, turned him over and cradled him in her arms, staring at his peaceful face. From the jostling, he awoke, opening his eyes slowly to find Astrid’s beautiful bright blues gazing back into his. 
	She put her hand on his cheek and stroked it gently; as she, for the first time noticed how remarkably chiseled his features were. Her eyes wandered from his perfectly defined and dark eyebrows, to his gorgeous steely eyes, sparkling as if they were shining with the very light from the heavens. She definitely liked his looks. His strong jaw, ivory skin, and plump lips, so tempting to kiss.
	Jack folded forward and sat up! “What happened?” He demanded.
	Just before Astrid or anyone else could speak, they were all caught off guard; and by a very demanding and unexpected attack! The translucent beast came flying through the air, and had landed only a matter of feet from Lithia, Tesmorlah, Helen and the others!
	Jack stood up, and peered on ahead at the fiend, scanning the trees and terrain near it, searching for the mysterious man!
	Sure enough, from above, the man came ascending fast to an earth-crushing landing!
	The invisible being began to rise from the ground, but the man had jumped up, landing on top of the fiend, forcing it back down! It appeared as like the beast was his pet, and he was its master. He leaped from off of the fiend, and put his palms out, facing it straight on, shooting a large black net that sparked with powerful and barely containable voltage!
	The beast tried to rise again, but the net, heaved on over it, and pinned it down tightly. 
	Sunlight shone through the parting clouds, and the intense weather had settled from outside the chamber.
	Astrid spoke a few abrupt syllables and the rectangular chamber disappeared.
	“Is it over?” Jack said, while looking at the man who replied. “No... it’s not over yet... until the Tree of Beginning, Life and Light is brought back... evil will prevail.”
	“How can we bring it back?” Cristoph demanded authoritatively, though humbly.
	“I must die…” Astrid said softly and slowly, while looking into the painful abyss of truth. 
 	Cristoph turned and analyzed at her and said. “What do you mean?”
	“I destroyed the Tree of Beginning.” she continued in the same soft voice.
	Jack veered over and put his hands upon her. “Astrid?”
	“Please Jack!” She exclaimed anxiously, and ripped away from him; not wanting him to see the tear rolling down her cheek. Sorrow… yes.
	Astrid had turned her back to all of them for a moment, gathering her bearings, then she faced the man and said. “I don’t want to die… but I don’t wish all of you to die either; no more blood should be spilled... unless it is mine.”
	“Astrid, what are you speaking of!” Jack said, while looking at her, yet not receiving a response. He turned toward the mysterious man and pleaded. “There has to be another way!” 
	Jack swayed back towards Astrid and tried to reason with her. “There has to be…” She could not ignore the blatant dismay that lingered in his voice.
	There was silence for a period of time, and then Astrid whispered to Jack with a burdened soul. “There isn’t Jack.” 
	She looked up at him afterwards, and he beheld all the sadness and peril of the whole world, within her eyes and tear-streaked cheeks; an imminent end… and one she would have to face alone.
	Jack’s heart broke into millions of tottering smithereens; he ached to comfort her, to hold her, and tell her she didn’t have to go through with this. But he knew her mind was made up, and his interference would only make this worse. 
	Snap! The net containing the beast tore, and the massive translucent fiend lunged at Helen, seizing her in its clutches!
	Angelus blasted a rolling flame at the thing, but it had no effect and while the fire had blasted upon it the fiend savagely ripped off one of Helen’s wings!
	The mysterious man took immediate action! He stretched his arms out and clapped his hands together, sending thousands of black ghostly arrows, piercing into it!
	The fiend had dropped Helen and roared in extreme pain with an unholy and monstrous growl of an evil dimension they could not fathom!
	Angelus hurdled and slid on the ground beneath Helen, breaking her fall just in time.
Blood streamed from her remaining wing-joint, with strips of flesh hanging from it.
	The mysterious man shot another attack at the beast, this time, it had been dozens of small black spheres.
	Surpassing their expectations, the transparent beast dodged the attack by leaping up high above, catching its claws on a tree! The man heaved another attack, yet the fiend dodged it again, ascending to the ground.
	Astrid tried to flee as it had jumped up again to land next to her; but she could not escape, it had her! Jack wasn’t quick enough to prevent the demon from snagging her up and carrying her off into the Forest! The power of this fiend was beyond anything he could pretend to understand! What was this thing; this devil!
	The man dashed on after it, and jumped upon the fiend’s back, knocking it forward into the dirt. If this man was capable of such things, and he, nor any other of them were; what was he... was he even of this Forest. He was like an archangel, sent from heaven to give justice to who it was due!
	Astrid slipped from the fiend’s grasp, rolling off to the side.
	When she came to a stop in a bed of flora, she noticed something! A green stone, shining just like the other three she had!
	As she extended her hand for it, reaching closer and closer, the stone, as well as the other three, began to glow brighter and brighter!
	The beast saw that it had lost the stone and dashed, then tumbled toward her! The man wasn’t going to let the fiend escape him, and he leapt up high above, from off its back, and then landed down upon it again, causing the beast to slide in the dirt!
	Astrid grabbed the stone, and immediately, the beast was thrown back as if by an incredible force!
	The stones absorbed into her hands which held them. She looked at her hands examining them, holding them flat out in front of her, and watched as a light traveled from them into the rest of her body, causing her skin to glow with radiance!
	She felt a sensation, a lightheadedness, and as if she was being lifted up from the ground; and this sensation grew stronger as her head fell back and her arms dropped to her sides. The light, swept up into her hair, making it drift out almost like a wind was blown through it, but it was too graceful; in slow motion or like she was underwater. 
	The light ceased, but she herself remained to shine in a steady glow. She drew her head down and peered at the beast, and to the mysterious man standing upon it.
	A loud vicious, yet breathtaking air blast had rushed through the Forest all around them, and then, from out of nowhere, the three Protectors appeared, standing next to Astrid on both sides! 	
“Astrid, focus the power! Don’t let it run through you aimlessly... or it will try to break free, from your body, and you will combust!”
	Shocked, Astrid stared at Soscorek who had said this… and she heeded; closed her eyes to visualize and focused the power to her center. 
	Astrid then opened her eyes, staring at the beast shifting underneath the man. Instinctively, Astrid put forth her hand and shot white light upon the fiend! The light, illuminated the beast, and then revealed its appearance steadily!
	Vines, rocks, earth and plants, composed its skin, and then, two very dark eyes appeared, and stared back at her; so black that like a mirror, Astrid saw her reflection in them! 
	Cristoph, Lithia, Jack, and Tesmorlah had neared closer. Angelus carried Helen, trying to be as accommodating as possible to her. Slowly, they crept closer to the victorious sight, and were astonished when they had seen the fiend to now be visible; significantly, when Cristoph saw what it was, he stopped and kept a careful distance, and in staring at this monster, he exclaimed. “Bougsmeith!!” 
	Astrid marveled at the earth beast, and said; asking of anyone who would answer. “What is this monster?”
	There was silence for a while, then, Soscorek spoke. “It is Bougsmeith! The Protector with the Force of Earth... who has been tainted by darkness.”
	“Shall we kill him?” Astrid asked; after observing the three Protectors had still stood there, doing nothing; and the mysterious man remained on top of the corrupted, now unmoving Protector.
	“No!” Said all of the three Protectors in unison; then Soscorek continued to speak alone. “If we do, the world will fall apart... for he controls the element of Earth.”
	Astrid gazed upon the unholy and infected Protector. “Bougsmeith.” she said.
	The corrupted Protector shifted from under the man, causing him to lose his footing! The man regained balance and landed on his hands, flipping back upon his feet, while shooting this black liquid at the evil Protector! Bougsmeith couldn’t move any further as the ebony liquid spread out over his monstrous body, and then he was frozen in a position with one bulky arm up, as if he was about to slam it down on Astrid and crush her! 
	The black water snapped and crackled, as it turned to clear ice! Astrid took a generous step back.
	Lithia, Jack, and the rest, moved closer to the three Protectors and Astrid, and stared at the beastly creature now trapped in ice. 
	Astrid scanned down the great frozen fiend herself, and then, glared at the man who stood behind and off to the side of this beast.
	Soscorek, Villicus and Zulmpreedor moved forward, and drew their heads up to look upon their fellow Protector’s face… bound in ice.
	“Astrid.” The man said, and then, continued. “Time is running out… the Forest is dying.”
	A dark shadow covered the Forest. A cloud rolled over the sky, blocking out the sun, and caused it to appear as night, glooming the Forest to something that was bleak and desolate. It started to snow.
 





























Chapter 28

Death


	It hadn’t been a life she wanted; and now, she was going to face her death.
	Chaos on all levels, couldn’t compare to the fear she felt! But it was either the Forest or her; Elvia... and everyone, who had fought with her.
	In doing this, she was making a decision entirely against her will… a sacrifice. She would die for them…

	Elvia broke out in a cold uncomfortable sweat from flying, but she wasn’t tired. Hineerus carried Nox, and Adrian flew on the other side of him, as they all made their way on; to the last remaining stronghold fighting off the infected Creatures!
	When they Arrived, Hineerus had looked up at his fellow Guardian, the same wolf like creature as he was, standing on the top of a great stone wall.
	It only took one glance at Hineerus, and then, he commanded the Creatures below to open the gate. 
	Hineerus, and Adrian and Elvia, walked in, finding themselves in a vast sea of wounded Creatures, and very few of them able to fight. A handful stood with weapons in hand, and others had tended to the injured.
	“What happened here?”  Hineerus shouted in a low growl.
	The wolf Creature jumped on down and answered. “We were retreating, outnumbered; and the dark Creatures just kept coming… then… a sudden and intense weather befell us, wounding few and killing many! We are all that is left!”
	“Nimbrack, Rehaloy…where are they…?” Hineerus asked in desperation.
	“All that is left of the Guardians of the Temples of the Protectors, are you... Hineerus... and I.”
	Hineerus claimed a spot on the ground and gazed down in a moment of silence. Then, after a brief reluctance, he lifted his head to his fellow Guardian, and said. “Gabilauph, I’m afraid to inform you that all the sacred stones are missing from the temples!”

	Astrid walked with a floating spell, performed on the frozen Protector; and it moved, hovering alongside her.
	The three Protectors, Jack, Cristoph, Lithia and the rest, walked on ahead. Tesmorlah carried Helen on her back, and she was put to sleep from the healing spell, Astrid had performed on her to mend her wing.
	On and on, they tread through the Forest. The atmosphere was enchanting; glistening snowflakes fell delicately, blanketing the branches, plants, and a few fallen tree limbs placed by nature here and there.
	The mysterious man had walked behind Astrid, moving his head on up and over every now and then, as if catching a short glance at the frozen Protector; even though he was blind; blind and could not see. Astrid felt that he might have done this out of habit, or out of a developed sense, greater than sight… an internal sensation; feeling.
	Astrid was mixed a little misplaced, she stopped suddenly, and the petrified Protector stopped along with her, but remained floating above the ground.
	Jack, the three Protectors, Cristoph, Angelus and the bunch, continued ahead for they hadn’t noticed Astrid had stopped abruptly.
	The man came up close to Astrid.
	Astrid’s eyes had turned black, and her skin began to transform into jagged gray scales.
 	The man grabbed Astrid, swung her around and pulled her towards him, and kissed her; spreading out from her lips to the rest of her body, a black and purple glow covered over her!
	Jack glanced back to look at Astrid, and to his utter shock, he discovered mister mystery, holding her in his arms, kissing her!
	Astrid fell down and the levitating frozen sculpture of a Protector, dropped also, but had not broken; nor had the slightest fractured. The man drew his hand up to his mouth, and spit out the four stones into a cloth; and then wrapped them up!
	Jack’s heart dropped into his stomach and filled with anticipation! He rushed over to Astrid and knelt down beside her, shouting demandingly, at the man. “What have you done!”
	Cristoph and the rest couldn’t ignore the spectacle; they stopped and turned their attention to Jack, who cradled Astrid in his arms.
	The mysterious man explained himself. “Astrid was beginning to trance! You see, I couldn’t let that happen... for with possession of the sacred stones, and being in a trance, which makes her susceptible to be controlled; by any spirits or evil spirits alike… I couldn’t chance that; she would have destroyed the entire Forest, along with everyone in it… if she is to turn. She’ll be fine… I simply drained her of her energy and took the stones from her.”
	Jack looked at Astrid in bafflement, and then glared at the man and asked. “Who are you... that you know this...?”
	The man raised up his head, and revealed his blind eyes and hideously scarred flesh. Then, he answered. “I am Amerroth!”
	Cristoph, hearing what he had said his name was, looked at Amerroth in surprise; and declared. “The liberator of the Secret... the right hand of the Creator!”
	Lithia glanced at Cristoph, then returned her gaze to Amerroth, with a curious semblance.
	“You see… I was sent here by the Creator, to stop the poltergeist and Bougsmeith from getting ahold of all four of the sacred stones. If they did that… this Forest would surely be destroyed! Since Astrid has destroyed the poltergeist, my mission is now to see to it that the Tree of Beginning, Life and Light… is restored.”
	Jack stared at Amerroth with great distress and pleaded. “There has to be another way! Please… say there is! Astrid can’t die!” 
	Jack had turned his face away from Amerroth, and brought his gaze to Astrid lying on the ground, with a slight amount of snow now layered upon her cloak.
	Amerroth remained silent, and Jack knew what that meant; there wasn’t another way, like how there wasn’t a cure for some illnesses; there wasn’t a cure for Astrid. He knelt down closer to Astrid and held her again.
	“Come on Jack… we must carry on.” Amerroth turned, and had begun to walk towards the others.
	Jack gathered Astrid from off of her snowy bed, and put his hand forth to the Protector ensnared in ice, and whispered. Again, Bougsmeith lifted up above the ground, and floated aside him as he moved on toward Cristoph, Lithia, Tesmorlah, and all who had been there grouped together. How he carried Astrid was so nurturing; like a parent taking over her tasks, hovering the beast alongside, and also, carrying her now that she couldn’t walk on her own. He was truly bound to her; and destined to love her. Only he knew how to love her, and only she knew it. 
	Two hours had gone by; they were up to their knees in snow, and the flakes fell, as if they had devised to do so forever. It would be night soon, but there was no decent place for them to take shelter here.
	Then off in the distance, Lithia beheld a dim light which flickered and moved like a flame; she yelled exhaustingly. “What’s that up ahead?” Angelus suggested. “Could it be a lodging of some kind…” 
Jack tilted his head and looked off to the dull light. His eyes changed to purple, and now he could see perfectly what had been there, out in the unventured and unknown.
	“It’s a lantern hanging by a cave door.”
	Cristoph exclaimed, while looking back and forth from one to the other of each and all of his fellow companions. “Do you think what lives there is friend... or foe?” Jack continued to look off and at the cave. “I don’t know…” He said.
	Lithia took a step forward. “Most likely foe, but we’ll just have to go and find out!” She tread on through the deep snow ahead of the rest, to the distant and faint light.   
	They reached the cave, and found that the lantern hung from a wooden post, carved all from one great piece of wood, and it arched over perfectly symmetrical from top to bottom. Such a Creature that would take such time and care to make something like this, could not be corrupt. That would not be right, that would not be justice; and what would it be, if one of them was to destroy this work of art right at this moment. It would be a barbaric and pointless act, and they wouldn’t… for beauty appreciates beauty. Good belongs with good. This Creature had to be good.
	They peered on down inside the dark cave, and Cristoph, Angelus and Tesmorlah, followed closely to Lithia leading the way, cautiously entering.
	Jack whispered and the enchantment that made Bougsmeith to be airborne, was no more; and the great beast hugged the ground, an extent away from outside of the cave. He walked inside, joining the rest with his darling love cradled in his arms. Amerroth waited, and then walked in after him in-case something might attack from behind; he would be able to protect the rear.
	They had come around a sharp corner to a flickering light, dancing upon the back wall.
	Lithia drew her sword and slowly walked, and came into this great cavity, with a fire licking at a large roasting dragon leg! The aroma was heavenly and it was near done.
	She heard a noise! A few pebbles rolled out from behind a boulder.
	The three Protectors, Tesmorlah, Angelus, Jack and Amerroth, had bunched together behind Cristoph and Lithia, standing side by side, blades in hand! 
	Steadily, Cristoph crept toward the boulder. A furry beast then jumped out from behind it, grabbing hold of Cristoph’s sword! Cristoph wrestled with the beast, as Lithia charged on forward, eager to stab the attacker in the chest!
	The beast spotted Lithia in the corner of his eye, and quickly hopped aside, rolling on the cave floor with Cristoph towards the fire, as they continued to wrestle!
	Tesmorlah then had a good look at the beast, and she was surprised and shouted. “Stop!”
	The beast and Cristoph stared up at Tesmorlah, and immediately, the beast responded in a very masculine voice. “Dragon queen?”
	“Yes, it is I, great hunter, fearless fighter Rif.” Tesmorlah replied.
	The beast had let go of Cristoph’s sword and stood upon his feet. Rif’s fur had been thick and black, complimented with silver tips, and iridescent sapphire stripes that ran down his back, and also down the sides of his face.
	Cristoph rose to his feet and sheathed his sword. Lithia exclaimed. “Rif? The ancient most powerful Braglok! How did you survive… I heard you and your army of Bragloks, were wiped out in a vicious battle at the river Lemossadal; ambushed by the Dark Creatures!”
	Rif replied. “I was thrown in the river by a Dramiph, and you know what their attention span is like; I struck my head on a rock and blacked out. I woke up in this cave, and found myself being nursed back to health by a Tritelor. Four days later, Dark Creatures attacked, and the Tritelor, who said her name was Abbeth, was killed. I’ve been here ever since... in this cave. You all must be hungry and cold, please come and sit by the warm fire!”
	The next morning, Astrid awoke. What was this? This dark place she found herself in... and then there was Jack laying with her, keeping her cozy and warm under a large glossy leather hide!
She shook him, speaking under her breath. “Jack... Jack!” 
	Jack awoke, threw off the covers, and said with enthusiasm. “You’re awake!” 
	Astrid observed him with confusion and asked. “What happened?”
	Jack explained. “You were trancing, and Amerroth stopped you, and took the sacred stones away from you. Then, you fell down unconscious, I carried you. Shall I tell you more?” Astrid looked deeper into his eyes, as if trying to find herself in his gaze. “Yes, continue...” Lithia spotted a lantern in front of this cave we are inside of now, and Cristoph wrestled this beast that we found out to be… a friend of Tesmorlah… Rif a species known as the Bragloks, which Tesmorlah also revealed to us when she called the beast by name... Cristoph and the beast stopped having it at each other… and were on their feet. Yes, his name is Rif and”—“What do you want?” Rif said, as he rolled over and stood up, stretching, and thought his name had been called. 

	Lithia awoke to the smell of Giggarmo stew. She turned, and saw Amerroth, stirring it while Cristoph added herbs.
	She stood up, and had extended her arm in a good stretch, then made her way over to the pot, taking a mouthwatering look at the bubbling broth.
	Angelus slept on the ground snuggled against Temorlah and Helen, who had slept upon Tesmorlah’s back.
	Helen opened her eyes, to discover that she was inside a cave, with a large black pot steaming out a delectable scent. She examined her wing, then looked at Astrid, who was sitting from across the spread of the cave; down with Jack, talking. She thanked her by bowing her head a bit as they made eye contact.
	Tesmorlah, with her eyes still shut had been awakened by the succulent, and absolutely amazing smell of Amerroth’s stew. She took a deep breath, inhaling its essence and opened her eyes.
	Angelus woke from the sounds and the movements of her belly; his back touching her breathing stomach. He rose to his feet as he noticed Helen was awake and sitting upright upon Tesmorlah’s back. He helped her down, even though she was completely healed and capable of doing so herself. 
“When’s the food gonna be done, I’m starving!” Jack said as he came up to Cristoph, Amerroth and Lithia, and peeked into the pot.
	Jack stared at the rumbling broth, and then said. “What is it?”
	 Amerroth continued stirring evenly, watching the stew as he answered. “It is Giggarmo Stew.”
	Jack gazed at the tantalizing and rich bubbling broth. “What is Gig-ge-garbo?” he said.
Cristoph replied this time, knowing exactly what he meant to ask. “It’s a kind of fowl.”
	Angelus and Helen came over to the bubbling caldron, now warming themselves, and Astrid and Rif had gathered in, and joined as well. 
	Cristoph dropped one last ingredient in the concoction, and then Amerroth gave the stew one last stir and said. “It’s ready to eat.”
	“Great, I’m famished.” Lithia said.
	Rif walked over to the wall of the cave, and pulled up an overflowing leather drape, revealing many different utensils, bowls, plates, and cookware. 
	Everyone except for Cristoph and Amerroth had turned to look at what all the commotion was about, and Jack exclaimed. “Ah, I see!”
	“Let’s eat!” Lithia said as she grabbed a bowl, then filled it on up generously, gulping the stew down one bowl after another, as the others joined in serving up their portions.

	Tesmorlah blasted her solar breath at the snow that had built up while they slept, and blocked the entrance, trapping them inside the cave. The great solar ball went tearing off further into the Forest, once it had done the job intended for it; and then, became smaller and smaller, until it faded out to nothing more than a speck in the distance.
	The snow melted instantly to water and splashed messily to the ground! There was a straight blast, heated through the seven feet of snow as far as the eye could see.
	“We will take to the air, the snow is too deep!” Tesmorlah said. 
	Just then, the three Protectors had rushed out from within the cave, stopping and gathering in a straight line in front of Tesmorlah.
	“What are they doing?” Jack whispered, as he stood at Tesmorlah’s side with Astrid.
	Tesmorlah didn’t answer, for the strange movement of the beings of red blue and white, bewildered, and captivated her as well.
	There they were, swaying back and forth, and then, forwards and backwards; it was so foreign.
	From out of the cave came the rest, and when they beheld this outlandish act taking place, they were dazzled, and more or less, confused as well; staring at the three in perpetual awe. The nature, the mystery and power of these beings, was as great as it was many-sided.
	“They are preparing to melt a path through the snow that will lead us directly to the Tree of Beginning.” Amerroth said as he held his fingers to his temples, and then, slowly drew them away.  
	All three of the Protectors, at the same time, had jolted their bodies to the left, and three beams of the same colors of each of the Protectors light, twisted together, and shot off into the snow clearing a path; just as Amerroth had said they would do.
	Then, the three began to move on forward, following after the entwined lights! Tesmorlah and Helen, Angelus and Amerroth, Astrid and Cristoph, Lithia and Rif, moved out, closely gathered behind them; and Jack had done so correspondingly after he cast the floating spell on the great frozen statue of Bougsmeith.
	The combined lights ahead, moved in a straight line; then to the left, then straight again, then to the right; and it continued to move in these unpredicted directions, while leaving plenty of room for them, creating a-beyond-large-enough path. 

	Elvia stopped suddenly! “Adrian… Adrian… where are you?” She said, searching frantically. 
	“I’m right here.” Adrian answered calmly. Elvia looked around in the area from where his voice had come from. “I can’t see you!” She said.
	A clattering noise thumped from inside of the tree in front of her. She flew towards it and looked into the hollow, while gripping onto the bottom edge of the opening firmly with both hands.
	“Adrian! Are you okay?” she shouted anxiously!
	“I was trying to get breakfast for you Elvia… but I couldn’t reach the mushrooms.” Adrian said as Elvia spotted him, laying all muddled, face down at the bottom in a pile of leaves upon his back. Elvia looked on the sides for mushrooms, but hadn’t seen any, and couldn’t understand how he found mushrooms in a tree hollow in the first place. She put her head in further, and saw there to be not just mushrooms, but a whole jumble of mushrooms all bunched tightly together, gripping upside-down at the top!  
	Sure enough, Elvia’s mouth began to water. Then Adrian from below, bent up, groaning, and she drew her attention to him and quickly flew down to help him stand; steadying him as he rose.
	Elvia pulled Adrian’s head close to her sight, when she spotted a wet glistening sheen upon it in the darkness.
	His forehead had been scraped and bleeding. Elvia examined the rest of his head for any other areas of injury. 
	He had several bruises on his body, but mostly on his limbs.
	Elvia flew out of the tree hollow, carrying Adrian into the light.    
A Creature that looked like a bat, and also resembling a triceratops for its black dinosaur like skin was adorned with speckles of red; the dinosaur came up to her and asked. “What happened!”
	Elvia stopped and replied. “He fell, trying to pick mushrooms.”
	“Where are the mushrooms?” The Creature asked.
 	Elvia twirled in the air and pointed. “They’re inside the tree, growing from the ceiling.”
	The bat, slash dinosaur Creature said as he walked on over to the tree, and reached his claw inside the hollow. “I’ll get them for you.”































Chapter 29

The Tree


	The snow grew shallow, so they no longer needed the three joined lights of the Protectors to melt it any further.
	Not much of the Forest in front of them had snow, but all the natural debris covering the ground, had been considerably wet.
	There were patches of snow here and there, mostly in the areas around the tree trunks.
The three fused lights separated, then disappeared, and from across the distance, Astrid, Jack, Tesmorlah, Cristoph and all of them, gazed at the gargantuan and amorphous pit, of where the Tree’s base and roots once had been nurtured, and given life from the earth.
	They stopped! Something wasn’t right! Then suddenly, a thunderous rumble echoed from all around them! The rumble grew deafening, and then, they found the source of the disturbance!
From every direction, Dark Creatures, of all shapes, kinds, and sizes, came charging at them, roaring, growling and screeching! They turned their backs to one another, forming a defensive circle! Lithia and Cristoph drew their swords, and the rest, stood in their attack stance.
As the growling, drooling, dark and demented monsters had been finally within range, Lithia began chucking her knives upon them, and Tesmorlah blasted them with her solar breath; and more damaging, her solar blowout that burned like the sun and caused her to skid back on her feet a little! Helen, Angelus, and the three Protectors started igniting blasts of their own elemental powers, while Amerroth, Astrid and Jack had shot off fireballs and magic of all sorts, executing them persistently! 
	Still, it barely did anything about the numbers of them, more and more just kept coming! It was a matter of who could outlast who, at this point. 
	“Astrid! Bring back the Tree! You must hurry!” Amerroth shouted as he threw off spheres and shards of black electricity, followed by a giant blast of the same dark electric fire; and the fiery electric shot, plowed into the stampeding and flooding Dark Creatures, blowing thousands of them away! The bodies set fire, plummeting from high above, onto the Creatures now below, in a rain of burning flesh! But now, even more intensely they came swarming towards them!
	“Hurry! Get to the crater!” Amerroth shouted once more!
	Astrid mad-dashed towards the pit, speaking spells in a vicious whisper.
	She began to surge off incredibly fast, blowing the Dark Creatures back and away from her with destructive fireballs!
	Jack continued to fight against the Dark Creatures, but then he glanced at Astrid and couldn’t take it anymore!
	He whispered, and put his hand out. A bright light shone from his palm, and he pulled a staff from out of it, with his other hand!
	He hastened after Astrid, running at an unbelievable degree, holding the staff in both hands firmly out in front of him. He spoke in a violent whisper as he collided into the sea of demons; his staff lengthened out on both sides. It then shined with an incredibly bright light, and right as it came in contact with the Dark Creatures he had now charged at, they turned black; and then into ashes, and blew away behind him in the rushing air, produced by his remarkable movement.  
	He had caught up to Astrid now, who had just jumped off the edge of the crater; just as he had reached her!
	He leapt forth and freefell on after her! He was not going to let her do this alone. 
	He reached for her, and grabbed onto her, embracing her, and pulled her into him, so that their faces were almost touching. He kissed her, then looked at her, while breathing a whisper through his slightly opened mouth. “I’m sorry Astrid…wherever it is you go, I want to be with you. I love you.”
	Astrid looked into Jack’s eyes endearingly and kissed him ever so gently, as she spoke her last words only for his ears. “I love you too. Hold onto me and never let me go.”
	They hit the ground and a large mushroom cloud of dust blew up, rolling out of the pit as a rippling nova.
	When the dust had cleared, they appeared lying on the ground side-by-side, with their limbs broken, and blood running out from their mouths, noses and ears.
	A sharp cracking snapped through the Forest! The ground of the crater began to break, and a castigating cloud of white light edged with faith, blasted out from the crater and swept over the ground, knocking every single one of the Dark Creatures down and putting them to sleep! Cristoph and Lithia, Amerroth and Tesmorlah, Rif and Helen, Angelus and the three Protectors remained standing… and stared in awe at the sight of the crater… glowing green. 
	The ground shook!
	A new Tree of Beginning forced its way out of the earth, and exhausted the Forest with fracturing and twisting ricocheted sounds, as it grew extraordinarily fast into an even larger Tree than it was before.
	There stood the Tree of Beginning, Life, and Light; mighty and majestic. Rapidly, the trees all around, now miraculously grew luscious green leaves, and the moss regained its life and turned exquisite green; and all the plants over the Forest floor became healthy again.
	Beautiful flowers of kinds unknown to man grew out from the Tree of Beginning, and spread through the Forest in all directions; for the first time in a long time, sun had poured down from the sky, warming the Forest.
	The Forest was healed…the war between the Darkness and the Light was over…the balance had been restored.
	Angelus bent his brows, looking intently at something from on the Tree which caught his eye! He drew closer to it.
	The whole lower section of the Tree’s bark was knotted in an image of Astrid and Jack holding each other adoringly. The intimacy was beautiful; great affection was perpetually molded into this sacred Tree to be everlasting. 
	“What is it?” Helen asked as Angelus stared at the Tree.
	Angelus had pointed to where he was gazing and Helen came over nearer to him, and saw also what was there twisted in the Tree; Jack and Astrid holding each other in their arms.










Chapter 30

The End is just the Beginning


	It was done; Astrid had given up her life. The Darkness left the Forest and its Creatures, and they arose from the ground and went back to where they came.
	Amerroth bowed his head, and drew his hands that held the sacred stones of the Protectors to his heart. He would returned these sacred stones to the temples, and then take his leave, for he had completed his task.
	Lithia and Cristoph stood there silent. Cristoph conjured up the words that needed to be spoken; though none of them had said a word yet. “She shouldn’t have had to carry such a burdening choice for us. But she has saved us all.”
	“She’s not dead…” The Protectors spoke together in unison.
	“What do you mean she is not dead, we all just watched her die!” 
	“She is not dead…” They spoke again, floating ethereal above the ground. “An act of selflessness is always rewarded… You’ll see...”

	It was dark. Where was he? Jack felt for a wall or something in this darkness, but there was nothing to hold onto. He drew near the floor and desperately reached for it; but in all real sense of what he knew, how was this possible. There was nothing there for his hands to feel. He stood up, and kept walking on and on for an eternity it would seem. Then there in the distance, there appeared great towers. Were they towers? They were faded as shadows in the distance. Transparent buildings that stood tall, reaching for the unknown heights of the blackness that would be continual. Was this heaven? 
	Astrid laid in sleep… or in drifting. She felt indifferent to the world around her. It was cold and disconnected from her body.
	“Astrid!”
	What was that? A sound? She remembered sound. It was nice. It was something she had once known from a place where there was also light and not all this darkness.
	“Astrid!”
	There it was again. Astrid… Astrid was her name; no, Astrid was her body’s name. A body that was the vessel for her at one time… but isn’t anymore. Was this why she felt disconnected? She had died hadn’t she? She had jumped off the edge of the earth to die and come here. To this endless darkness and drifting. Was this all there was after death? Was she to just float in this dark emptiness feeling neither good nor bad about it eternally?
	“Whoever said all good things must come to an end.” Jack said. “You’re not dead. Wake up.”

	No one would have known of the Forest, unless it had been written about. And what was documented about this magical paradise had barely scratched the surface of all its beauty and splendor; of what it really was. At the bottom of the mountain… there wasn’t much to see.... but what you see is always half of what is there.


          October 24, 2013
               11:28 P.M.

