







Lost Time
Book Negative Two of the Caillte Cycle



by
S L Scheets
Copyright Page

This work is fictitious.  Any resemblance to persons, characters or situations, real or imagined, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Cover Art by S L Scheets.

© Copyright 2022 S L Scheets
All Rights Reserved.
Electronic Edition 

No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, without express written permission from the author, S L Scheets.  Reviewers may quote brief passages, with citation.

Dedication

This book is dedicated to all of the people that find themselves in dark and misunderstood situations. 


Table of Contents

Map
Part I: Walled Off
Chapter 1 | Lonely Beginnings
Chapter 2 | Airy Notes
Chapter 3 | Stony Ideas
Chapter 4 | Days
Chapter 5 | Guarded Wishes
Chapter 6 | Ah Roni
Chapter 7 | Krealu
Chapter 8 | Timely Tomes
Chapter 9 | Appointments
Chapter 10 | Key Behavior
Chapter 11 | Narim
Chapter 12 | Malak 
Chapter 13 | Decisions
Chapter 14 | Departing
Part II: Ventures
Chapter 15 | Snuffers
Chapter 16 | Old Faces
Chapter 17 | New People
Chapter 18 | Waypoint
Chapter 19 | The Steeple
Chapter 20 | Talks
Chapter 21 | Group Efforts
Chapter 22 | Sunrises
Chapter 23 | Supply Run
Chapter 24 | Hidden Rooms
Chapter 25 | Reunions
Chapter 26 | Rare Finds
Chapter 27 | Guarded Again
Chapter 28 | Trip to Another Time
Chapter 29 | Back in School
Chapter 30 | The Kirike
Chapter 31 | Passages
Chapter 32 | The Cube
Chapter 33 | The High Priestess
Chapter 34 | A Tower in Boran
Appendix A: Pronunciation
Appendix B: Glossary (including Herbs)
Appendix C: Herbal Notebook
Special Thanks
About the Author

Map



Part I
Walled Off
Chapter 1 | Lonely Beginnings
Water dripped along the inside of the wall. It was more of a slime, really. She didn't know whether she should be more concerned that it was viscous, or that it was dripping on the wrong side of the wall. Somehow, none of it seemed to bother her. She looked around.
Ascha's small cell didn't have much in it. Actually, it hardly had anything in it at all: only a mat of moldy straw covered haphazardly with a tattered blanket that was shoved up against one corner, a bucket that was shoved in the opposite corner and a lonely wall-sconce that held her singular source of light. The blanket may have been blue once. It was now some sort of dull gray, between the holes and grimy smears. Ascha had tried to push the bucket as far into the other corner away from her bed as possible. But it wasn't far enough to quench the smell that emanated from it. She found that, after a while, it stopped smelling.  Then there was her satchel, with her few belongings in it, stowed beside the mat. Mostly it served as a reminder. She didn’t need many reminders any more.
The candle in the sconce flickered; leaving her in a moment of darkness.
Ascha hoped she wasn't getting used to her surroundings. Then again, if she didn't get used to them, it would be a long sentence in here. The next thirty years. Ascha didn't see how she would live that long, if her conditions were going to be like this.
A slat grated noisily against the hard stone as it opened. Her daily slop rose from the metal bowl where it had been unceremoniously heaped. At least, she assumed it was daily. The bowl had been shoved with some force, as the slop was forced onto the floor from its scrape along the floor. Ascha had no way of knowing if she got more than one helping of food a day, or even what time of day that was.
Was it day? Was it night? She didn't know. She didn't care. All she knew was that they would be by later with a cup of water, when they took the bowl away.
At first, Ascha hadn't eaten any of the helping of food. It wasn't that the food was inedible. It wasn't appetizing, by any means, but it was certainly edible. She just wasn't hungry. But eventually the days passed and she got hungry, and she ate more than only a bite of the food. She continued to eat more with each bowl, until she scraped the bottom every time, and there wasn't enough to stall her hunger between helpings. She had certainly stopped caring about not being able to wash up after taking care of her bodily functions, and before eating. It was funny that although part of her wanted to die so much, her body wouldn't let her. She still took care of herself, and ate enough that her body wouldn't waste away. It was numb, and the motions were only motions, but they kept her alive.
They had let her keep one sack of belongings. She looked at the extra cloak she had brought with her. It was balled up at one of the corners of the mat that constituted her 'bed'. She had been in here long enough that it was no longer the clean spare. However, it was still cleaner than the blanket that had come with the cell, so she often used it instead. She tried not to use them both at once so that she had something in store for herself when the nights started getting cold.
Without the cloak in it, her sack was mostly empty. For some odd reason, she had brought that weird metal cube with her. It lay in the bottom of the sack, with the comb for her hair. She didn't know why she had brought it with her. It couldn't do much, but she hadn't wanted to leave it with anyone else. She could give away all of her extra supplies for attending T'Sala, as she had done. She had asked Sister Morana to make sure Tiam received her full set of colors. The pencils had been the only thing of value she had had. And Tiam was the only one she found in her heart to give them to. He had never done anything to harm her, in any way, by accident or on purpose. She had started to feel that it didn't matter if harm was caused by accident or on purpose. What did intent matter?
Ascha thought back to how she had gotten here, trying to make sense of it all again. There was not much to do in her cell but think. She just couldn't figure out why Brother Raeyan had taken the fall for Irzo. She guessed that the ties of family must have been stronger than she thought, not that she would know, since she didn't have any of her own. Irzo must have really been a wild wizard, she concluded. Brother Raeyan must have known it. Ascha just couldn't figure out why Brother Raeyan was willing to risk his own life, and let the world think he had done something wrong, rather than let Irzo be prosecuted as a wild wizard? She knew Brother Raeyan was protecting something, and that protection had landed both himself and Ascha in prison. At least Brother Raeyan's prison had a name, she thought, bitterly, This place isn't even important enough to have one.
Meb's words rang in her ears. This world, this world is either a curse, or a mistake.
Ascha ran her thumb absently along the hilt of her dagger, as she had grown fond of doing. She wondered why they had let her keep it. They had made sure they knew exactly what she was bringing in with her. She guessed the small blade didn't prove much of a threat.
Even so, she had imagined using the small blade to aid in an escape. But her musings didn't go very far, as she didn't know where she was in the prison, or even where the prison itself was. When she couldn't develop her plan any further, she decided not to plan at all. What good would it do? She would just find herself back in the same place. Probably for longer. At least as it stood, she would be released. Eventually.
Meanwhile the blade handle proved to be a meditation aid, of sorts. Rubbing her thumb against the curved ivory in its handle helped her focus her thoughts. She dared not use the blade to scratch into the stone walls around her. And the dagger itself proved to remind her that the world outside existed, and that she had had a life before. She used it to remind herself that she would have a life again after.
Chapter 2 | Airy Notes
It sounded sweet, like something from another world. Ascha was sitting on the floor. She leaned her head back against the wall behind her. Her hair was ratty enough that she didn't feel the perpetual grime from the wall. It had built up its own barrier of dirt. At least this section of the wall wasn't dripping. She could ignore the grime, so long as it was dry. She just needed it to be dry. Damp was okay, but dry was the best.
Ascha closed her eyes and cut out everything she felt. She just wanted to listen. The lonely notes found their way through the air. Those notes took her mind to a different place, a happy place. There was sunlight. And openness. No laughter. Nothing so free as that. There were no pictures or images in her thoughts. Her mind wouldn't let her go that far. But she couldn't stop herself from feeling a little better. 
There was a tinny punch as a note hit oddly, followed by a very human yelp. Ascha's eyes opened. The feeling was gone, and everything around her was very real. She waited for the music to start again, to take her someplace, any place, else. But the flute had stopped. After a while, Ascha wondered who was playing the flute, and how they even got one in here.
Her thoughts turned to her dagger. Maybe it would have been better to bring a flute than a dagger. It may have been a beautiful dagger. It was little more than four inches long hilt to tip, simple yet beautiful. Thin, concentric lines of silver danced in spirals along the hilt. But you could only look on beauty so long before it grew stale. Her heart yearned for something more. She wanted to feel again.
"Showers! Time to get clean!" Ascha heard one of the guards shout.
Showers. She couldn't remember the last time she had had one. At first she thought the words were a dream, then she heard the guard shouting again.
"File up by the side of your doors. We'll be there to get you soon."
Ascha leaped up. She wasn't going to miss her chance for a shower. She wondered if they would have soap. It didn't matter. She just hoped they had water. Clean water.
She was standing beside the door to her cell when it opened. A very bored-looking guard gestured for her to walk out in front of him, and join the queue of inmates. She took her place in the line.
"Remember, no pushing or shoving, or else you give up your shower privileges."
Ascha balled her hands inside the cuffs of her sleeves. She wasn't going to lose her shower rights because of being mistaken for starting a fight.
They were led down a maze of halls. Ascha didn't bother to count how many, but she knew there were several guards.
Eventually they arrived. There was a great drain in the middle of the floor that muddied water flowed into consistently. Someone had left many of the showers on. The design accommodated large numbers. And since they had not been singled into groups based on gender, Ascha guessed they were all supposed to use the same shower, or rather, showering room. She looked around at the other inmates, and let out an internal sigh of relief. At least, under all of the grime, it appeared that only the women were in this group. The men must be in another group. Both men and women might have to share the same prison, but at least they weren't being made to shower with each other. Ascha wondered if the guards would stay.
In any case Ascha decided that it would be best to only strip down to her underclothes. Apparently, this was the consensus, as almost all of the other inmates had done the same.
Ascha stepped beneath one of the running showers. She almost leapt back in surprise. It felt like ice shards pelting her skin. She looked around for a knob or something that would allow her to change the temperature. When she couldn't find anything, she approached the guard nearest her. His eyes widened as she moved towards him.
"Yes?" he asked, hesitantly.
"The water. I was looking for the control to change the temperature." The guard started laughing.
"Hey, Rakki," he called to the guard standing next to him, "Did you hear that? She's looking for the temperature control."
"Oh, be easy on her." The one called Rakki replied. "It's probably her first shower here. In fact I think I saw her come over on the last shipment of inmates from Boran."
"It's all recycled dear," he continued kindly to Ascha. She looked confused. "You won't find a control. There's just the master to turn all the showers on or off. I'm sorry if it's not what you're used to, but at least it's a shower. That's more than some get."
Ascha returned to her shower of muddy icicles. She tried not to look too closely at the color of the water. It may not have been a good shower, but at least it was a chance to get some of the dirt off of her skin. The lack of soap meant she had to scrub harder, but her skin was already numbed from the cold water, so it didn't matter much.
"Right, that's enough! Time's up. Everyone towel off, dress and queue up." One of the guards announced.
Ascha did her best to towel off. She hardly even noticed that the towel was thin and damp. She tried not to think on how many times it had been used, or who had used it last, or why it still had a smear of some unknown substance on it.
In any case, Ascha never felt so glad to put dirty clothes on, but she felt warmer with them back where they belonged. After she finished dressing, she found a place in the line, and they headed back to the cells.
"We have this problem." Ascha overheard an older gentleman talking to the guard next to him. The older man was big. Even though he had his back to her, Ascha could see the speckles of gray in his hair.
"That's the warden. Be on your best behavior." Ascha's head must have popped up, because the inmate behind her answered her unspoken question. Ascha had never met him. He had been busy when she arrived, so a guard had showed to her cell that first day. She remembered something that the guard had said, while listing off the different things to expect during her 'stay'. The inmates got showers every two spans, or fourteen days. Had it really only been two spans? Ascha despaired. If this was what two spans felt like, how would she make it thirty years?
The conversation between the warden and the guard was only a snippet really, and then the men were gone. He seemed like a nice man, the warden. He didn't seem like a cruel man. And he seemed genuinely concerned about the well-being of his inmates. For a prison, she guessed it was nice. She hadn't spent much time in prisons, but she had always imagined, or maybe she had heard people telling stories, of how the hallways were filled with puddles, and made splashing noises as you went. There weren't any puddles in the hallways here. Granted, the lighting wasn't that great, due to the lack of windows. Torchlight flickered on the walls. But it was relatively clean. And you didn't hear the inmates screaming in pain. So that was better than it could have been, Ascha reminded herself.
They had reached her cell again. Ascha went inside. The door grated closed behind her. She didn't know what was worse, the loneliness, or the sheer boredom. Being left with nothing but your thoughts might be nice, for a little while. Maybe she could present the issue to the warden? Ascha dismissed the notion. She doubted he could do anything. She went back to her corner to stare at the wall some more. If only she had a window. Then at least she could stare outside, maybe hear an occasional bird. But there were no windows in Ascha's cell. There was no promise of an outside world. There was very little promise of an inside world. She tried keeping track of the time with scratches in the wall, so she knew how long until she got out. But then she found she had counted one day twice. Then some time later she forgot to count the day at all. Eventually she gave that up too. She had no way to verify the accuracy.
Chapter 3 | Stony Ideas
It had been some time since they last went to the showers. Ascha had been counting how often they went, trying to keep track of the passing time that way. But after twenty or so, she lost her place and stopped tracking that as well. She had been scratching ticks in the stone with her dagger. Then she started to worry what it might do to the blade. The blade didn't seem damaged, but she decided not to test the metal. After all, she had no way to sharpen it.  It was only silver, and she didn't know how it was enchanted so she couldn't replace the enchantment, either. Regardless, all she really knew was that it had been a long time, but that she hadn't served much of her sentence.
"Time to queue up for showers," came the guard's customary announcement.
Ascha went through the same motions she had two spans before. She stood beside the door and waited for the guard to open her cell. She lined up and did her best to look small and not to cause any trouble. When they got to the showers she did the same as every time she had before; she stripped to her underclothes, showered, toweled off, put her clothes on and lined up to return to her cell. 
After returning to her cell, Ascha would go to her favorite corner and sit down to think. She had done exactly this, but only this time, thoughts didn't come to her. At all. She sat, staring at the floor. She had counted the imperfections in the stone in front of her, and knew them all. She was about to name them, as she had already named all of the stones, but didn't have the heart.
What have I fallen to? she thought to herself, Naming imperfections in stones? Was I really just thinking of doing that? I must find something else to do with my time. There must be something better.
But no matter how hard she tried to come up with something, her mind remained blank. So she started to name them.
Bob, Derek, Anika, Colm--what was that? Ascha turned her head. Something made a noise, scratching lightly at her door. They had already received their food for the night, so it wasn't her food arriving. Just as Ascha made to get up, the noise stopped.
"Huh. Must have been nothing." She whispered to herself, deciding to pay the noise no mind. She didn't know why she whispered, except that speaking too loudly seemed like it would be irreverent. Ascha went back to using her mind's voice. 
I must just want to hear something so badly that my mind invented the noise for me, she mused glumly. Where was I? Oh yes, naming dents in the stones. So much better than hearing imaginary sounds. 
Ascha continued to name the rest of the imperfections. The names didn't have any meaning to her, but it was better than doing nothing. She had just finished naming the imperfections in her favorite stone, Tara, when an idea occurred to her. Now all she had to do was get an audience with the warden.

***

She knew asking the prison guards for an audience with the warden would be less than opportune. They may have been nice, but not that nice. Besides, she was sure he was a busy man, who had plenty of things to do. Meeting with an inmate was for no apparent reason was not likely to be one of them.
Ascha decided to take her chances anyways, and ask the next guard she could. It's not like she was doing anything else.

The guard that brought her food was the next guard she could ask. She couldn't see his face, but the tone of his voice carried through the food slot.
"Excuse me?" Ascha asked. She got no response. Maybe he hadn't heard her. So Ascha cleared her throat and spoke louder.
"Excuse me, sir?"
"Yes?" came the almost puzzled, and gruff, reply.
"Uhm, yes. Would it be possible, see I was hoping maybe I," she started, "Could I have an audience with the warden?"
The guard laughed at her request. He actually laughed. Ascha didn't know whether she felt angry or embarrassed.
"Yes, I was hoping to get an audience to speak with the warden," she tried again, more confidently this time, "Could that please be arranged?"
He was laughing harder now. Ascha wondered what she had said. Finally, he caught his breath. Ascha waited for his response.
"Oh, why yes, of course, Your Highness. You will get your audience the same as everyone else, after you have been here at least ten years. Then, he will see you. You can talk to him then."
"Can you tell me how long that will be from now?" Ascha was afraid to ask another question, but she had no idea how long she would have to wait. The guard seemed surprised that she had another question, too.
"Why, no, I can't. No idea how long you've been in here." With his final words he closed the food slat. Ascha could hear him as he continued the rounds, and opened the food slat for the cell next to her. She wondered, absently, what her neighbor had done to merit the same hospitality of the prison.

Chapter 4 | Days
Time followed in much the same fashion. Days came and days went. Ascha tried to keep track, but lost it again. She tried to count the spans by the number of shower days she had had, but she forgot how many of those there were, too.
Never in her life had the company of her own thoughts been so trite, and so boring. She still wanted to speak with the warden, but ten years seemed so distant that it seemed like a dream before she would ever get the chance. She might as well have been waiting for the whole term of thirty years, for all the difference it made to her now. She would close her eyes and try to sleep through the rest of the time left to her, but eventually her body would wake her up, and she had little choice but to confront her reality. She wished she could gaze through a window to the outside and daydream about her future, like she used to do. But she had not seen 'outside' in so long that she was afraid that she was beginning to forget what 'outside' looked like. Trees and flowers and the sky were all things that might as well have been in fairy tales, for how real they were to her here. 
Eventually, life fell into a pattern for Ascha. She slept, she woke, she thought, she ate, she thought, she slept again. Some days she queued with the other inmates for the showers. She tried working to keep herself physically fit, but that too seemed meaningless and lost its point. Sleeping seemed to make the time pass faster than anything else, so she found herself taking naps. This only made her understanding of time more befuddled. All she could do was wait for the day that one of the guards announced that it was her turn to talk to the warden.
Eventually that day came. 
"Ascha N'Dreyid?" the guard asked.
"Yes?" Her voice came softer than intended, due to lack of use.
The guard cleared his throat before continuing.
"Please come with me, it is time for your standard ten-year meeting with the warden," he stated simply. He had opened her cell door and waited for her to get up and follow him, which she did.
"Has it been ten years already?" Her voice was coming a little more steadily now. She hoped her voice would behave when she spoke with the warden.
The guard looked at her, furrowing his brow.
"Well, since I am leading you to your standard meeting with the warden, I would guess it has been."
Ascha wondered how it could seem that the time had gone by quickly and at the same time feel as though it had taken forever to get to this point. But here it was. She tried to be excited, but didn't find she had the energy.
Ascha went to say something more, to have some sort of conversation along the way, not to mention practice using her voice again, but the guard's stony disposition left the last words spoken to be the last words of their conversation. She didn't need more silence, but she had come to feel quite comfortable in it. Part of her was quite glad that the guard wasn't given to the gift of gab, as it were.
They finished navigating the halls in quiet. She used the silence to try and remember what she wanted to talk with the warden about in the first place. Her initial idea seemed like a fuzzy memory, which only grew fuzzier when she tried to pin it down. Finally, they arrived at the warden's door. At least, Ascha assumed it was the warden's door, as they had stopped walking. The guard knocked decisively on the wooden panel before them.
"Warden? Ascha N'Dreyid is here to see you," the guard announced.
The guard opened the door and motioned for Ascha to enter.
The warden himself sat behind a large wooden desk. It had been quite a fine piece in its day, but time had filled many of its intricate filigrees with dust and grime. The top surface, where it was most used, was clean and polished. The warden leaned forward, placing his elbows on the desk.
"Ascha," his voice did not have the same problems that Ascha's voice had from lack of use. His voice was that of a man who was tired from business, not loneliness. "Please, sit down," he motioned to the seat on the other side of the desk from him. He was a large man, with more gray in his hair than black. The only things that softened his appearance were his glasses and the gentleness in his voice. Ascha hoped that his voice was not deceptive.
Chapter 5 | Guarded Wishes
Ascha sat in the chair. It was a humble chair, but it was still a chair. Ascha had gotten so used to sitting on the ground that sitting in the chair felt rather awkward. But the warden had motioned her to do so, so she did.
"First, how are you being treated?" the warden opened.
"Well. I don't really have any complaints, sir." Ascha replied. It was sort of the truth.
"My name is Coran. You can call me Coran."
"Yes, sir, Coran."
He chuckled a little.
"Just Coran is fine. You don't have to use 'sir,' at all," he said politely.
Ascha nodded in response.
"You are getting enough food?"
"Yes." She didn't feel comfortable calling him Coran. It wasn't good food, but she supposed there was enough of it.
"And showers? You are getting them at least every two span?" Coran continued.
Again, Ascha nodded. She supposed they were at least every two spans. She didn't really have any way to tell.
"Right, well," Coran looked over the top of his glasses to better view the scroll he was holding in his hand. "I guess there's not much else I need. Is there anything you wish to bring up? Do you have any questions that I can help you with?"
"Yes, there is something," Ascha started. While she didn't have enough energy to get excited about her meeting, apparently she had enough energy to be nervous at asking her question. She was still while she thought on how best to phrase it.
"Yes?" Coran was waiting patiently for Ascha, but he was still a busy man and his tone implied that Ascha best continue.
"I wanted to do something to help," she started. This was her chance to speak with the warden. Ascha had been waiting for, well she wasn't sure how long she had been waiting for. She knew this was her chance to get him to remember her. Normally, she would make sure her physical appearance was acceptable before an authority figure. Her hand even raised to her hair, before she remembered how useless such an effort would be. 
"I suppose. Well, what did you have in mind?" the warden asked, sipping from his mug of hot katcha. Ascha stared at the mug greedily for a moment, before forcing her eyes higher to meet the warden's. She tried to form in her mind the best way to ask the warden. Truthfully, she had not gotten as far as how she could help. She just knew she wanted, and needed, to do something.
"I know that no one here is happy." Ascha said.
Coran looked away and grunted.
Wonderful opening, she thought to herself, state the obvious. And insult the man. 
She thought on her training at T'Sala Un Sung. She didn't see how she could make that help. Plants were few and far between here. Everything resembled mush in the slop that was presented to them as food. That was it. She could gather herbs surrounding the prison grounds and make the food a little better.
"I have a knowledge of plants," she offered.
"Nope, I'm not allowed to let you touch anything you studied at that magick school. We don't want to start any trouble here." The warden responded curtly. She could see she was losing his interest. He may have been nice, but he was also a busy man.
Nothing she had studied at the school. Well that certainly limited her options. Ascha tried to think quickly, a trait that seemed harder to achieve the longer she was in here. Then she had an idea. The warden was about to turn his back to her. Ascha reached out and placed a hand on his shoulder. He raised his eyebrow. She dropped her hand quickly.
"Sorry. It's just. The inmates here. They all have something difficult to think about. They might be thinking about what they've done to get here. Or the injustice of it all." The warden's eyes focused. He was listening to her.
"Maybe I can help with that. Just listen, you know. I could listen to them. Maybe make their day a little less lonely. I could be escorted by the guards. And I didn't study counseling or anything at the school, so it shouldn't be a problem." Ascha was starting to get hopeful that her request would be granted. She didn't recognize the feeling at first, but that was definitely what it was: hope.
"I guess I could free up a guard to take you around to some of the other cells tomorrow." The big man surmised.
Ascha beamed her biggest smile, stopping herself from hugging the warden. It was small, she knew, but even this felt good. She was still inside this place, and she didn't know for how long. It was the first time she could remember being happy since she had started serving her sentence. 
The warden smiled. The grin creeping across his face turned him into a gentle giant. His expression turned somber, before he continued. "I'm not making any promises just yet. We'll see how it goes."
Chapter 6 | Ah Roni
She followed the guard. He had come for her the next day, after her meeting with the warden. She had just finished eating her daily slop when he arrived. His words had been simple.
"Ascha N'Dreyid? Special orders. Follow me."
Ascha had gotten herself ready and as close to presentable as quickly as she could. She decided to venture a question to the guard, once they had gone some distance in silence.
"So, how do we do this?" she asked, rather quietly. "I've never done anything like this before."
"No kidding," he replied, "Well, you follow me to the cells that the warden has selected. I see you inside the cell with the inmate, and I wait outside the cell door, which I leave cracked. Never forget, I can hear everything you say and everything you hear. Nothing is private."
"Nothing is private," she repeated. She knew this wasn't anything special for the guard, but she couldn't help but feel a little better at being let out of her cell for something other than showers. Even if not happier, she felt a little lighter, having something to concentrate on. It was hard to say she was looking forward to anything, but she had been looking forward to this all day. Granted, it was only talk, and not much could be done through just talk, but it was a change. And she felt that something different was something good.
They stopped before a cell. Ascha turned to the guard.
"Do you have a name?" The guard looked at her with a confused expression at her question. Of course he has a name, she berated herself mentally.
"I mean, what should I call you?" she clarified. The guard cleared his throat.
"Just 'Guard.' 'Guard' is fine." He opened the cell door and allowed her to enter.
The cell was very much like her own. The room was small, and dark. Only the mat on the floor for his bed and a bucket in the far corner provided the inmate any company. There was also a pile of dirty clothes in the far corner.
Ascha looked around as she entered the cell. Is this a trap of some sort? she asked herself. The room appeared empty, devoid of any person save herself.
"Oh!" Ascha exclaimed, as the pile of clothes moved.
"Who are you! What are you doing here! I didn't do anything wrong!" The noise emanated from somewhere within the pile of clothes, which Ascha now took to be the inmate she would be visiting. His questions had come more as a torrent of accusations than inquiries.
"Sorry, it's just, you gave me a little start." Ascha explained. "I'm Ascha, Ascha N'Dreyid. What is your name?"
The inmate looked taken aback.
"Ascha. Oh, Ascha. It's nice to meet you." At least this is what it sounded like he mumbled. His words were hard to make out.
"My name? Name? Oh, yes, suppose I've got one of those..." he continued to ramble, "Ronik, or Roni, I think you can call me Roni."
Ascha heard a noise from outside the cell. She couldn't tell if it was a sneeze, or a laugh. Ascha tried to ignore it, and found a nice bit of floor to sit on. She sat cross-legged, and motioned for Roni to do the same before her. She didn't know how long she would have with Roni, so she was going to make the most of it.
"Nice to meet you, Roni." Ascha stated.
"Why are you here?" Roni asked, after taking a seat on the floor in front of Ascha.
"To help you. I have come to do nothing more than talk to you. But I am also here because the warden lets me be here."
Roni looked at her. His expression was very unimpressed, or very bored. Ascha couldn't decide which.
"Yes, well," she decided to break the silence, as it had started to stretch, "How is it you came to be here?"
"Mistake." Ascha had gotten Roni's attention now. Apparently he was very passionate about this subject, as he visibly had to apply effort to keep from standing up.
"Mistake?"
"Yep. Mistake. Shouldn't be here at all..." Roni started to ramble again.
Ascha found herself saying words before she knew they were coming.
"It's okay. Roni, it's okay. You can calm down now." She found something she thought, and hoped, was a hand, and held it between hers before continuing.
"What was a mistake?" She asked.
"Oh, the whole thing," he said, wetly. Ascha didn't know what she should do if he started crying. He sniffed, loudly, "I didn't mean to do it. It just, kind of, happened, you know? I just... my sister... her boy... someone had to help..." his rambling and mumbling had turned into sobs. Ascha not only hadn't been prepared for this, she hadn't known it was an option. She did all she could do, and embraced the smelly pile of clothes, rocking him, and repeating "it's okay, Roni. Shhh-it's okay." 
Just as she was beginning to wonder how long this would continue, the guard came into the cell. He placed a hand on Ascha's shoulder to help her up. The hand was gentler than she expected.
"I think it's best to go now. We should return you to your cell."
Ascha nodded in agreement, never taking her eyes off of Roni.
Once they were in the hall, and Roni's cell was closed behind them, they both let out a sigh.
"Well, that was..." 
"unplanned?" the guard finished Ascha's statement.
"Yes, unplanned." Ascha agreed.
"Are you taking me back to my cell, then? Am I not meeting with anyone else?" Ascha asked the guard.
"No. I think it best, in light of how the last one went, that we call it a day." The guard turned on his heel and started down the way they had come. He didn't even really wait for Ascha to follow, but she did. 
In the quiet of their walk back, Ascha had little else to do but contemplate how the meeting had gone. It may not have been the best first meeting, but she hoped it would not be their, or her, last. 
When they arrived at her cell, Ascha welcomed the feel of her sparse cell mat and sat down on it. Perhaps, today had taken more out of her than she had thought. Other people's emotions could be a lot to deal with. Maybe she wouldn't mind this being her last visit, after all. Did she really want to keep doing visits like today's with Roni?
Chapter 7 | Krealu
"Oh, the grand lady from the magick school has come to pity little old poor me and pay a visit."
Ascha's meetings often started this way. She had been doing them for some time now; they had gotten more comfortable. She nodded to the guard to stand at the door as she entered. She sat on the floor beside the old man in the cell. His missing teeth only made his smile that much creepier.
"What is your name?" she asked. She knew his name, since the guard had told her on the way to his cell, but the question sometimes made these visits a little easier.
"My name?" the old man mumbled, almost to himself, "Oh yes, my name. I guess I have one of those." He continued more loudly, "Krealu."
"Krealu," Ascha repeated, "it's nice to meet you. They call me Ascha, Ascha N'Dreyid."
"Ascha N'Dreyid." Krealu's eyes darkened as he held the name in his mouth. He chewed on the words a little. "What is it you are doing? Why are you here?"
Ascha was prepared for the question. After all, it would have been the first one she asked.
"I'm here to do nothing more than talk, and listen."
The old man grunted.
"Talk, huh? Guess I can do that." Krealu consented. "It does get mighty boring 'round here. Been here a while."
"How long?" Ascha asked.
"Oh, a long time. I stopped counting some time ago." Krealu flashed a quick smile. "Not that it matters much. All the days are the same. 'Cept for today."
A knock broke their conversation. Her guard poked his head into the doorway and cleared his throat.
"Sorry to interrupt, but Miss Ascha, I have to take you back soon. Food will be soon."
Dolam. She used to be called Dolam. She filed the sentiment away. At least her notion of time of day had come back. They were certainly getting food once a day, near the end of the day.
"Right, well. Again, it was nice to meet you Krealu. If it's all right with you, I would like to come by again and talk with you some more?" Ascha faced Krealu as she asked.
The old man grunted, raising his hand in assent.
Ascha stepped into the hallway, and the guard ground Krealu's cell door shut. Once the door was closed behind them, they continued down the winding halls of the prison to Ascha's cell. 
Chapter 8 | Timely Tomes
It had been some time, and Ascha had been escorted to several cells. She did one session before food, and one after. They went much the same. But it was at Krealu's cell that she found the conversation more interesting. The guard, as usual, stationed himself outside the door. Ascha prepared herself for another session. What had started as a way to break the monotony of her days was becoming tedious. Who knew she could actually miss her cell?
"Ah, you've come back." Krealu said as Ascha entered his cell.
"Yes. I hope that's all right."
"I guess it is."
"Right, then. What shall we talk about today?" Ascha began.
"Oh, I don't know. Isn't it your job to come up with things for us to talk about?" Krealu challenged.
"Um, right." They sat in silence for a few moments. Ascha played with the rings that were not on her fingers. She remembered them taking any rings away when she got to the prison, but sometimes her fingers forgot and tried to play with them, even if they were not there. Finally, Krealu cleared his throat.
"There are rumors, you know? I found out something rather interesting before I came here." Krealu started.
"Rumors? What kind of rumors?" Ascha tried to remain interested.
"Oh, rumors. There are rumors of ever-lasting life."
Ascha was decidedly not interested. She had heard those rumors before.
"That's nice," was all she said in reply to Krealu.
"I know, we've all heard those rumors before. But I never had any reason to believe them, until I found this thing."
"What did you find?" Ascha decided to play along.
"Maybe I shouldn't tell you."
"Okay then. Shall we talk about something else?" Ascha offered.
"It was a book."
"What was?"
"The thing I found."
"Oh. What kind of book?" Ascha asked Krealu.
"Does it matter?" Krealu said back, rather roughly. He continued more politely. "It was an old book... at least, it looked old. I have never seen its equal before or since. All the pages were of vellum. And the binding was hinged. The cover was stretched leather over wood. It even locked. Not sure why anyone would want to lock a book. But it had a lock. Lucky for me, it was unlocked when I looked through it." 
Krealu had Ascha's attention now. It sounded like one of the books used by the priestesses of old, or maybe even a high magus. She had heard tell of these books by some of the sisters at T'Sala.
"I'm confused though. What about the book made you believe the rumors?"
"Ah yes. It was a passage. I was just flipping through and it just kind of fell open to that page. The passage said something about drinking from a cup, but that the waters would freeze and grow thick around whosoever's life you were taking. I'm not really sure about how that bit works. Doesn't seem to make much sense. But the passage never mentioned ever-lasting life, in so many words as that. That's why finding this book made me believe."
"Do you remember anything more?"
"Nah, I'm sorry. They put me in here shortly after I found out what I did, and I never got the chance to investigate more. Been here ever since." Krealu looked around him at the cell ceiling. The cell had so much grime on it that it started to look like a cavern in the places where none of the grout or seam could be seen between the stones. Ascha wondered if the cell had ever been cleaned. Then she had a thought.
"Do you know how long you've been in here? Or how long your sentence was?"
"The sentence was until I die. So, no, I have no idea how long I've been in here. I just know it's been a long time."
There was silence for a moment, then Krealu blurted something into the stagnant air.
"The Tome of Reckoning."
"I'm sorry, what?" Ascha wasn't clear what he was talking about.
"The Tome of Reckoning, I believe that's what the person that talked about it said it was called. I guess it was real famous in its day, or some such…"
Chapter 9 | Appointments
This was her first time. Ascha was not accompanied by a guard. Apparently, she was gaining their trust. She could not count how many times, or for how long, she had been meeting with inmates, but it had been a long time. And there had been no incidents. 
When the guard came to her cell, Ascha assumed it was to escort her to the other cells. Rather, it was to inform her that she would make rounds to the two inmates she was visiting regularly at the time, and one other, to whose cell he provided directions. Three now. She was up to three visits a day. It strangely helped her track time, but also helped it go by faster.
It was odd, getting instructions on where she was going. Usually she did not receive directions to the cells, but followed her guard to them instead. When she asked into it, the guard remarked that Ascha would be going without a guard to visit the cells, on a 'trial run.' He would be by the last cell later to escort her back to her own cell, and lock her in for the night. With that, he handed her the keys she would need for the cells she would be visiting today.
Ascha made her first two visits, rather uneventfully. Now all she had to do was find this Narim person's cell. After a few wrong turns, she finally located it. 

"Michaeyala!?" Ascha shouted. The name had come out more loudly and with more force than she had intended.
The guard opened the cell door and peeked his head in to see Ascha standing up and the new inmate sitting in the corner of his cell.
"Is there a problem in here?" he asked.
"No," Ascha stated, sitting back down on the floor near the new inmate. "Everything is fine in here, thank you."
The guard grunted and closed the cell door, returning to his post outside the cell.
"Uhm," the new inmate stuttered, unsure of how to continue.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to let my voice get away from me. Did you say that Michaeyala is the new High Priestess? And what is this 'Kirike' that you refer to?" Ascha composed herself, continuing more calmly.
"Yes, the new High Priestess of the Kirike is Michaeyala. She was appointed to the position just before I was sentenced to come here, some months ago now, I believe."
Ascha's head spun a little at this news. It was easy to forget that the world existed and kept going on without her, on the outside. Her life in the prison had been so all-encompassing.
Cirroc was his name. This new inmate. He had been a relatively recent arrival, and this was Ascha's first chance to counsel with him. She hadn't even had a chance to find out why he was here before he let that bit of news about Michaeyala slip.
"And 'Kirike'? I don't think I've heard that term before." Ascha continued.
Cirroc was obviously confused.
"How long have you been in here?" he asked.
Ascha was momentarily taken aback by the young man's question.
"Uhm, you know. I'm not sure. All I really know is that it has been more than ten years…"
"That figures. The Kirike has been the magickal regime for the past twelve years. Their headquarters are that school, T'Sala Un Sung, the one up north. Every five years, a new High Priest or Priestess is appointed. You used to have to be the Chief Brother or Sister of the school to get appointed, but not anymore. With this Michaeyala person, things are changing. She was never a Chief Sister there, at least not to my knowledge." Cirroc explained.
"Ah, well, thank you." Ascha wondered to herself why she hadn't heard anything about the new magick regime. People must like to talk about themselves more than she thought. Or she just hadn't spoken with anyone that had any dealings with the outside since the Kirike had risen.
Ascha tried to reign in her feelings about people from her old life, and concentrate on the situation at hand.
"Well, I am here to talk with you. About anything you like. A lot of people like to talk about how they got here in the first place, or what they plan to do when they get out, depending on the length of their sentence." Ascha said, her words detached from her mind. The meeting with Cirroc continued as most first meetings with inmates did. Cirroc had done something to upset the society. Society had decided to put him away in this prison for a few years. Cirroc felt his sentence was too harsh.
Chapter 10 | Key Behavior
They were impressed. The warden had been impressed.
She had been so good, for so long. It had started small. A chair here. An extra shower there. A new mat to sleep on. She wasn't even being guarded anymore. 
She was only talking to people, other inmates. But somehow, it must have meant something to people. Apparently, word of her deeds had made it to the warden. Maybe those guards that seemed so silent hadn't been so silent, after all.
Absently, Ascha wondered how long she had left on her sentence, before she left.
"Come." Ascha recognized the guard Rakki's voice outside of her door.
She stood up as Rakki opened her cell door.
"What is it? Is it time to meet and speak with the other inmates already?" Ascha asked.
"Not quite."
Ascha looked perplexed, before she could ask Rakki for clarification, he turned on his heel and began to march down the hall. With little alternative, Ascha followed.
She began to recognize the path they were taking. Her suspicions were confirmed when they stopped in front of a certain door that looked very familiar.
"The warden?" Ascha asked.
Rakki smiled in return, and opened the door for her to enter. She accepted the gesture, and went into the room. She sat in the chair across from the warden, as before.
"It has been some time," Coran said, the big man smiling over his glasses. Well, his eyes were smiling, but the rest of his face looked too worried and tired to mirror the effort.
"Yes, it has. To what do I owe the pleasure of your audience?" Ascha asked, her words as polite as she could muster.
"I wanted to see you again, and thank you personally for all of the work you have been doing with the inmates here."
"I have only done what you have allowed me to do, sir. And if you did not permit me the guarded escorts, if you had not allowed me the resources, I could have done nothing."
"You know, word of your deeds has even reached the people of Caillte?"
"I would not know. Thank you for telling me." Ascha was not sure how she should feel about this. It was odd that he would call her down here just to say these things. They seemed so small.
"Do you have any questions for me? Is there anything you need that I can get for you?" Coran asked.
"I did have one question."
"Anything."
"Not that I don’t appreciate everything that you have done for me, but I wanted to know…" Ascha faltered.
"Yes?" Coran prompted.
"When will I be leaving? How long so I have left on my sentence?"
He chuckled softly.
"I am surprised you did not ask earlier. Not very long at all. Of the original thirty-year sentence, you have served just over one third. However, there are some calling for your release to be earlier."
"Earlier, sir?"
"Yes, earlier. There are those who believe you should not have been placed in here, and certainly not for so long. Your behavior and your deeds while you have been in here have only gone to prove that, I would assume. And it is just Coran."
Ten more years in here. Maybe less. Ascha hoped it would be less. Of course, the value of a year had grown to be less for her over her time here. It seemed like a distant memory, being outside. It almost felt like someone else's life entirely, the more she thought about it.
"Oh, and one other thing," Coran continued. He opened one of the drawers of his bureau and pulled out a rusty iron key. Ascha recognized it. It belonged to her cell door.
"In the meantime, I think we can trust you with this." Coran handed her the key.
It felt heavy. Ascha's eyes widened, staring at the key.
"Thank you, Coran." She stated, still not blinking, and never taking her eyes from the key.
"You are welcome, Ascha." Coran responded.
"Well," he continued, "If there is nothing else, there are some things that I need to attend to. Rakki can show you back to your cell."
Ascha rose, clutching her treasure in her hand. The cold bite of the iron against her palm was comforting. She opened the door and nodded to Rakki. He was smiling at her.
"This way," he said unnecessarily, gesturing their path down the hall towards her cell.
Nodding, Ascha forged ahead, allowing Rakki to close the warden's door behind them.
When they arrived at her cell, Ascha placed to key in her door, just to make sure it worked. The cell had been left unlocked in their absence, but Ascha felt that she needed to see the key work. Granted, when she was inside the cell, she wouldn't be able to reach the lock in order to use the key. But it didn't seem to matter.
She entered the cell, allowing Rakki to close her door behind her. She heard the lock click as Rakki used his copy of her cell key to lock the door. Somehow, the click of the lock sounded softer.


Chapter 11 | Narim
"Narim?" she called through the door.
Narim was a new inmate with whom Ascha was meeting. At the end of what felt like a long day, Ascha hoped it would complete rather uneventfully.
"Yes?" came the voice from inside. It sounded light, and far too young to be in this establishment.
Ascha placed the key in the keyhole of Narim's cell door. For a moment, she wondered why they trusted her the key. Then Ascha finished opening the cell door and remembered that she had a job to do.
Her breath caught. The girl was so young. Ascha herself must have still been at the magick school, only just arrived, when she was this age.
"Hello," the girl said.
"Hello," Ascha replied.
"Can I help you?"
"Narim, I presume?" Ascha asked. Well, Ascha thought to herself, she certainly has bearing. Narim's words had a curt lilt, when she spoke. She didn't have to say much for Ascha to wonder how such a well-bred girl had ended up here. She also hadn't been here long enough for all of her clothes to wear the marks of time.
"Yes," Narim answered. "I am Narim."
"Very beautiful name. Where is that from?" Ascha wondered.
"Oh, thank you. It is a very old family name."
"Ah, I see. Where does your family come from?"
"Albia. Our family has been in the south since before the city was a city. It is even said that we are the ones who named it Albia, though that is only a story." Narim smiled as she responded. Again, Ascha found herself wondering how Narim found herself here. What could she possibly have done?
"Yes, well, I am Ascha. I come around to talk to the people here."
"That is nice." Ascha wondered if Narim meant that was nice for her, or nice for the inmates.
"Yes, it is nice. Well, since it is our first visit, first I like to ask how you came to be here." Ascha stated, more than asked.
"Ah, yes, that. I suppose it's mostly to teach me a lesson."
"Lesson?" Ascha was confused.
"Yes, my father does not wish for me to practice the arts. I would like nothing more than to go to the school in the north, and then continue the studies. But he wants nothing more than for me to marry well and accumulate wealth and grandchildren to the family name. But that seems too dull to me." Ascha was a little taken aback by the forthrightness of the answer. Narim didn't seem bothered by her incarceration, either.
"I do not expect to be here long," Narim continued, "My father had walked in while I was practicing some light energy work. I was only cycling my aura, much more efficient than patching or plugging it you know. That was enough to send him into a frenzy, and pursue persecution for his daughter as a wild witch."
Such a nice father. Ascha decided not to say her thoughts aloud. You can really feel his love.
"Does that mean you will be leaving us soon?" Ascha asked. She was eager to turn the conversation away from the talk of magick. 
"Probably."
"Do you know when?"
"Not exactly."
"How can you not know? I though they were required to tell you your sentence before entering the prison."
"Oh, my sentence is for ten years. But I'm sure I will not be here so long as that."
Ascha didn't know what to say. All she could do was nod in Narim's direction.
"No fear," Ascha muttered to herself, "I guess that's good. Wonder how long it will last."
"Sorry? Did you say something?"
"Oh, uhm, just that you have no fear of getting stuck in this place."
"Fear?" Narim laughed. "What do I have to be afraid of? No one will hurt me in here. And I will not be in here long enough to grow too bored. I will barely have enough time to practice some simple meditations and energy work. They could leave me here for longer than they intend, by my reckoning."
"Well, that's a surprisingly healthy outlook on the situation, I suppose," was Ascha's response. She noticed she was starting to get tired. She didn't know what time it was, but this had been the last to a significantly long day. Ascha yawned, causing Narim to do the same. The guard must have sensed her tiredness, because she heard a firm voice call from outside the cell.
"Ascha? Are you in there?"
"Yes, I'm here."
"I've been sent to come collect you and bring you back to your cell. The day is done."
Ascha turned back to Narim.
"Right, well, it was nice to meet you Narim. I hope we talk again, and soon."
"It was nice to meet you, as well, Ascha." Narim turned from Ascha and found a corner of her cell. She sat down on the floor, her back ramrod straight, and closed her eyes. Ascha presumed she was meditating.
Narim's cell door screeched open, and Ascha exited the cell. She followed the guard back to her own cell. Not that it was much to look forward to, but even the mat in her cell seemed inviting when she thought on it.

Chapter 12 | Malak 
She had to meet with Malak again. Ascha did not like talking with him. He always left her feeling an odd shiver, as though it were ever the dead of winter. As dead as that eye of his.
Malak's right eye was white, forever in blindness. Other than that, he looked fairly normal, and kept himself as well as he could, well, for being in a prison cell. Ascha wondered why they allowed him to have something to trim his beard with, then she remembered that they had left her dagger to her. Still, she didn't feel quite comfortable knowing he had something sharp. Her sessions with him reminded her that there was a reason that some people were hidden from society in places like this.
"Hello, Malak," Ascha began, as she entered his cell. Part of her wished the guards still accompanied her.
"Pain is such an odd thing," Malak started, ever the cheerful sort, "It cannot be measured. We cannot prove its existence; yet we all accept it. It is like emotion in that way. But unlike emotions, it is physical. Is it only in the mind? Is it something your thought can control? Why then does it feel sometimes that it is something so far from our control? Why, at times, can we experience so much pain, that we want nothing but to die, in that moment? This is something that would seem, irrefutably, to prove its existence. It certainly feels so when we are undergoing that much pain."
Ascha wondered why they were talking about pain. Sometimes it seemed as though Malak was deliberately trying to unnerve her.
"But it is also something we can exercise some margin of control over," Malak continued coolly, "We can learn to breathe through it, and in that way lessen the pain. And when I say breathe through it, I do not mean your regular breath. I mean breathe, with energy. You can turn the energy to that point where the pain is, and breathe into it, breathe through it."
"Did you know a lot of pain, then?" Ascha offered.
Malak grinned to himself, sharing a private joke that Ascha was not allowed to partake in.
"Not quite. Well, yes, I guess, I have known my share of pain." Malak now smiled directly into Ascha's eyes. For a moment that sliced like a knife, she wondered what he had done to win a stay here. Whatever it was, Ascha was sure he knew he was doing it when he did it. Life in prison did not seem to dull him at all.
"Right then, uhm, I have other sessions to make today," Ascha lied. She decided this session was over. She wanted to be able to sleep tonight. "As always, it was very...enlightening...to speak with you, Malak. May the rest of your evening go well."
"May you sleep well tonight, Ascha."
Why did Malak have to say that? Ascha thought to herself.
Chapter 13 | Decisions
Ascha had been hearing this same thing too often of late. She sat in the corner of her cell, on the floor, in her usual thinking spot. They had even given her a chair, but she didn't use it. It just didn't feel right. She thought better when she was on the floor, anyways. She had tried to use the chair at first, to make a show of appreciating the warden's kindness. The warden had given her the chair because of being such a good inmate, and making his life easier. Since she had been meeting with the inmates, he had had less fights to break up, and less issues in general. It was just talking, but it seemed to be making a difference. But in all that talking, Ascha was noticing patterns. 
The people that made up society didn't like what someone had done. What had been done wasn't a real threat or crime against society at large; yet they had still decided to incarcerate the individual for an inordinately long sentence. Ascha still didn't feel confident that she knew what she herself had done. Even if she had done something, she didn't feel that it merited her thirty-year sentence. And poor Brother Raeyan had a life sentence in that magick prison. Ascha tried not to think on him. It just made her sad, and then angry.
That's it, she decided. Things must change. Brother Raeyan may have a life sentence, but I do not. Someday I will get out. Someday, I will make things change.
She would sanctify this prison. Then she would get out of this prison. She would sanctify all of her land. She would sanctify Caillte.
"Are you ready?"
"Yes."
The guard opened the cell door, and led her to her sessions for the day. At least, that was what she thought. He didn't lead her to her sessions, nor did he give her instructions on what her sessions would be. Instead he led her down the familiar path to the warden.
I wonder what Coran wants to meet with me about today, Ascha wondered to herself. Granted, it had been some time since she had last seen him. She knew she was over the half-way point of her original sentence, but it could not be by much. The guard, whose name Ascha had forgotten, it was one of the relatively new guards and she had only seen him once or twice before, opened the warden's door for her. She entered the unexpected meeting, and sat before Coran.
"Ascha. Ascha, Ascha, Ascha," he repeated her name, "it is good to see you again." Coran seemed to be in a cheerful enough mood.
"To what do I owe the honor?" Ascha asked.
"Straight down to business, I see? And after all this time talking with the inmates, I would have thought you would have been more inclined to conversation. But, I guess not. Right, well, I guess we can get right down to it. After all, you have spent many years in this prison, why make it a second longer than it has to be?"
"Sir?" Ascha was confused. Coran simply smiled, prompting Ascha to continue, "how does that have any bearing? I mean, whether I am in this office or not, I will still be in this prison, won't I?"
Coran's smile faded. But only for a moment. When his smile came back, it seemed somehow less.
"Fair point. Regardless, I mean to give you happy news. In fact, this is happy news I don't get to give very often, but when I do, it makes this job worth it, in some small way."
"I didn't mean…" Coran waved Ascha's words away. He really was a nice man. After all, he wasn't the one who put her here. He just did the best he could while she was here.
"You will be leaving." Coran stated.
"Leaving?" Ascha repeated. The words didn't sound real.
"Leaving. Today. I trust that it won't take you long to gather your things?"
"No, no Sir, I mean Coran. It won't take me long at all." He wanted to see her relief, her gratitude. He wanted to see her joy. But all she felt was confusion. The smile she mustered to her face must have looked as mechanical and forced as it felt.
Coran clapped his hands and stood up, abruptly forcing his chair scattering behind him.
"Right," Coran said, rubbing his hands together, "Everything has already been done on the paper end of things for your release. It was just approved by tribunal this morning."
"Not that I'm not grateful, which I am. Very grateful. It's just…." Ascha faltered.
"Yes?"
"It's just, I thought that the tribunal never ammended sentences, that it's say was final."
"Well, usually it is. But because of your work in here, your good deeds, as it were, and because we were able to locate all of the members of your original tribunal that sentenced you to this prison, they were able to revisit your case."
"Does this mean… does this mean anything for Brother Raeyan?" Ascha hoped this meant he would be released, too.
"Oh, you haven't heard?" Coran's face fell. "Of course you haven't. I'm sorry that I have such bad news to give you. But I suppose someone must tell you. Brother Raeyan left us some years ago."
"Brother Raeyan left us? He left us in what way? Did he find a way to escape?"
"No, I'm sorry to say that it was nothing like that. There was an accident. Brother Raeyan did not make it through. He died of his wounds…"
It was Ascha's turn for her face to fall. But it was not long before her sadness turned into a kernel of hate. It was Irzo's fault. It was all Irzo's fault. She would never let herself be so deceived by anyone again. She would never allow herself to fall in love again. And she would find a way to make Irzo pay. Someday.
Coran shuffled around his desk and out into the corridor. Ascha followed, numbly.
"But you, my dear, have a ticket to leave that cell."
"What will I do now? I mean, where will I go?" Ascha felt insanely selfish to be thinking of herself at a time like this.
"That is a very common question, whenever an inmate is released." Coran pressed his lips into a line. "Anywhere you want."

Chapter 14 | Departing
The odd metal cube. She forgot about the cube. But now that her life would take her from this place, she might as well take it with her. Her possessions may have been few, but she felt as though she had learned a lot over these past several years. She gathered her scant possessions into her satchel.
"Are you ready?" the guard asked.
It seemed like this day would never come; that she would never leave this place. And now that she was leaving, it didn't feel real. The outside world had seemed like the 'real' world for so long. But she had been here so many years that the prison and her cell and all of the other inmates felt like they were the real world; somehow the 'real' world had found a way to fit itself inside this small place. She slung her satchel over her shoulder and made to follow the guard. This time would be the last time she was escorted by a guard, she vowed that to herself.
"I am now." Ascha took one last look around her cell. She took a last look around what had been her home for so many years, before following the guard.
"This way, if you please," he said.
It hadn't been that bad, really. The food was bad and the cells were small, but the people were relatively nice, when it came down to it. And it wasn't like things could have gotten any worse while she was here. There was something to be said for not worrying about making mistakes, she supposed. She had learned a lot here, a lot about herself and a lot about what others thought of the world.
Ascha found herself thinking on what she would do next. She felt it was time for a quest. Now that she could see sunlight again, she would see if the rumors she heard were true. She, Ascha, would find the book, this Tome of Reckoning. She would find a way to live forever. Then this time in prison wouldn't seem to be such a large part of her life. After all, what are thirty small years when you could live for hundreds? If the rumors were true. Besides, she hadn't even had to stay in here that long.
Power and learning. Those were the things that mattered. She would learn. She would gain the power. And she would control it so that no one could find a way to hurt her again. Good intentions obviously weren't enough to keep her from a place like this. More needed to be done.





Part II
Ventures
Chapter 15 | Snuffers
Ascha flung the satchel over her shoulder, as it had slid down again. She would have to fix that, next chance she got. It was annoying, walking with this thing. She didn't know where she would go next. Coran had given her some coin, enough for a night or two at an inn, or more if she could convince a tavern owner to let her stay in the back room for a meager fee. She didn't know if she was facile enough to barter, this soon out of leaving the prison. But life seemed to be offering her few alternatives.
She could try to go back to the school. But now that Michaeyala was head of T'Sala, if she still was, she had little desire to run into her old acquaintance again. Michaeyala might even think they were still friends. Little did she know that Ascha felt so differently regarding the matter.
She had no family to go back to. And she didn't want to join a traveling troupe, as she didn't feel inclined to run into Irzo again, either. It seemed all of her friends were back in the prison. Maybe it would be best just to rent a room. Maybe it would help her weigh her options if she wasn't worrying about where she was sleeping. And, not that she relished thinking on the matter, her body started to ache if she just slept outside. Then it was settled: mattress it was. She was headed towards Boran anyways. There must be an inn there that isn't full of unwelcome memories, she thought to herself.
When she finally got to Boran from the prison, most of the day was gone. The sky was already starting to darken, and the gentle haze of dusk settled on the road. Now was as good of a time as any, she decided. A couple of young men, youths just on the verge of adulthood, were walking in the opposite direction.
"Excuse me?" Ascha asked, hoping to get their attention. They took a moment to realize she was speaking to them before they stopped.
"Yeah? How can we help?" The older one asked, while the other one pointed to himself.
"Can you help me? I'm kind of new to Boran," well, the Boran, now, she thought. She continued aloud, "I'm trying to find an inn to stay at. Can you point me in the right direction?"
"Uhm, sure. You'll be wanting Snuffers. Just follow this road into town, take a left on the third alley, and you should see it. The Lion's Shield is more famous, but no one can afford that place."
"Thanks." Ascha said. The two men went along their way, shoving each other at something that was apparently very funny.
Ascha followed the road into Boran. Snuffers was fairly easy to find. While there weren't many standing outside the establishment, it did have a rather noticeable sign hanging from its door. Ascha wondered how the picture of the hog holding a beer mug, and leaning on a keg somehow translated to the name 'Snuffers'. It must have been someone's name, as odd and unfortunate as it was.
Ascha made her way to Snuffers.

***

She looked at the face in the brushed metal that served as a mirror. It wasn't clear what kind of metal it was, but it looked cheap. And the face inside it looked hollow. How many years had it been? Ascha hadn't thought to ask. Her hair now had gray in it. But it could have been early gray, brought on by stress, so it wasn't a good indicator of time passed. Her skin was no longer smooth, except where it stretched too tightly across the bones in her face. Ascha raised a hand to her cheek. She didn't know this person. If she could accept that it were herself, if she thought about what she had lost, she might cry. But she couldn't do that, not now. She flipped the mirror over. It could stare down into the table. What she looked like didn't matter anyhow.
She made sure that her cloak had been stowed neatly on the back of the chair in the room. She checked that the door was bolted shut. It was weird to lock the world out, again. For so long, the world was the one locking her in.
She walked over to the bed. A bed. It was so, different. She didn't know how she would sleep in a bed again. But she would try. She would have to get used to it again, she guessed. She just sat on the side of it for a while. Eventually she laid down. Eventually sleep got the better of her.


Chapter 16 | Old Faces
Ascha had been staying in the back of the storeroom at Snuffers for some time now. She could no longer afford to rent a room. After the first night, it didn't take her long to calculate how long her money would last if she stayed in the room. So she struck a deal with the innkeeper to stay in the back of the storeroom, at a lessened rate. The innkeeper found a matt for her to use, and if you didn't pay attention to the fact that you couldn't lock the door at night, it really wasn't that bad, Ascha consoled herself. She didn't need a bed. Not really. Besides, she didn't want to think what she would do when her money ran out completely. As it was, she skipped at least one meal, to try to make her coins stretch further.
The innkeeper had had an additional condition to her using the storeroom. As she wasn't an employee, he asked her to exit through the back door of the storeroom, into the alleyway behind. Then she could re-enter the tavern using the main door. Ascha had done just this, and sat at a usual empty table hidden in one of the corners of the tavern. She liked this corner best, because she didn't have to worry about people passing behind her to use the stairs. She could also see anyone who came in or out of the main doors, as well as the kitchen hall. Which was why it was odd for her to be surprised by a face she did not expect to see. Ascha must have been immersed in her now-empty bowl of soup when the person had entered.
At first, Ascha tried to remain unnoticed. She didn't really want to explain anything to the person. But it only took a moment for that person to notice Ascha looking at her. Ascha decided she might as well be the first to speak.
"Narim! What are you doing here?" Ascha exclaimed before she could stop herself.
"Oh, hi, Ascha!" Narim made her way across the tavern and sat beside Ascha at the long plank table. Ascha turned to face Narim better, her elbow resting on the table at her side. 
"It certainly has been a while since I have seen you. Are you no longer doing work at the prison?"
"No." Did Narim not know that Ascha was another inmate? Ascha asked herself. I wonder if I'll run into anyone else from the prison. "I'm just kind of looking for the next thing to do, I guess."
"I'm not surprised. I would want to leave that dreary place too. Actually, I think I did."
"How did you leave again?"
"Like I thought, they found some mistake when my father had them look over their ruling again. I was released with apologies after two weeks. Although I haven't spoken to or seen my father again, much to his dismay."
"Well, I'm glad you didn't have to stay in there long."
"Hey!" Narim blurted out. "You should come with us! A couple of friends of mine and I are going to get together to further our magickal studies. We don't quite fancy the regimentation of the Kirike, so we're going to do some stuff on our own. It should be fun!"
"I can't really afford much…" Ascha started.
"Oh! Not to worry about that. Everything is paid for. So will you come?"
Ascha thought the proposition over in her mind. Maybe this was the change she needed. And she really couldn't turn her nose up at it if the offer included food and a place to sleep…
"I guess…"
"Great! We leave in the morning. We will all meet here, at the tavern main room." Ascha wondered if it was Narim's excitement or just a personality flaw that led her to continually interrupt her.
Chapter 17 | New People
Ascha awoke the next morning and rolled off the matt she was renting for the night. The small leather pouch she was using as a purse fell against her hand. She could feel the other side. There were maybe one or two coins left in there. Maybe enough to get some breakfast fare, before they departed.
Ascha grabbed her satchel, quickly verifying that it held all of her scant possessions before swinging it over her shoulder. She left through the back door of the storeroom and made to enter the front of the tavern, like a normal person. She was barely in the door before Narim excitedly ran over to her.
"Everyone, this is Ascha. Ascha, this is everyone. Vyk is the one on the left over there, Celea, Felisya, Kian and that guy on the far end is Fial." Narim pointed to each of the individuals as she said their names. Ascha had only just met them, but it was already obvious that Vyk was a lady's man, judging by the ridiculous grin on his face when he met Ascha, and how he fawned around Celea. Felisya and Narim must have encouraged him not to do so towards them.
Celea and Felisya were both pretty, but not quite to the point of physical beauty. They both smiled and nodded pleasantly to Ascha at their introduction. Kian was almost as tall as Ascha herself, and Fial was even taller than she was. Kian was soft, even a little pudgy in some areas, and he seemed kind. Kian seemed like the sort of person one could trust with secrets, if they needed to. Fial, on the other hand, was a little more intimidating. Ascha actually had to tilt her head upwards to make eye contact with Fial. Maybe it was his sheer height, or maybe it was that perfectly manicured goatee he wore. Maybe it was also the fact that he didn't smile. From what Ascha could see, she would venture to say he didn't smile ever. Ascha wondered how he had ended up here.
"Right, now that we've all met, shall we order breakfast, and then be on our way?" Narim invaded Ascha's internal thoughts.
"That sounds good to me." Ascha agreed.
The group of them sat down at the bar. The tavern was still fairly empty this early in the morning. Only half a dozen other people occupied the tavern, save the innkeeper and cook. And those people all seemed like the only reason they were this far from their beds was because they were keeping rooms at Snuffers, and a lack of room service meant people had to actually get up to satisfy their appetites. The innkeeper dragged his cloth over a mug, getting an early start readying for the lunch crowd.
"What will you have?"
"Let's have some noshberi stew, one for each in our group." Narim ordered for everyone.
"Sure, it'll be right up." The innkeeper turned and went into the kitchen. He returned shortly with their food, placing the bowls before them. The innkeeper was only able to carry three of the bowls, the cook followed with the rest. A hardy crust of bread floated on top. Ascha looked at the noshberi stew before her, noting how it looked more nosh than berry. Very few of the berries were floating in the stew, and it was mostly thinned with some starchy root.
"May I ask, what is it that we are doing on this venture?"
Vyk looked askance, and Kian cleared his throat.
"This probably isn't the best setting to discuss too much. We don't want to cause any unwanted attention." Narim said. 
Felisya tied her curly, defiant hair back into a knot on the nape of her neck. Her coppery hair glinted in the light. Things had changed a lot, since Ascha had gone to prison. Celea wore her brownish-blonde hair down, and no one seemed to notice or care. Granted, it was only shoulder-length, but even still Ascha would have been more comfortable seeing it contained.
"Can you tell me where we are going?" Ascha asked.
"It's not too far, don't worry," came Narim's vague answer. "It's only a couple days hike, just one night under the stars."
Everyone else must have not finished waking up yet, as they finished their breakfast in veritable silence. Once they were done eating, the group gathered their things and made for the door.
"Best start the trip, if we are to make half of our journey by nightfall." Narim said simply, shrugging her pack to sit a little higher on her shoulders.
Ascha followed the rest of the group out the main door of Snuffers, and tried to stay close as they began to weave their way through the streets of Boran.
It was a lot of people to meet at once. Ascha wondered when she would get to be by herself again. She wanted to think, for a long time, without interruption. At least right now, in the early moments before Boran had fully woken, Ascha was left some quiet. Only the footfalls of the group kept her company. Even the sounds of Boran coming to life were not yet present. She had many questions in her mind as to the nature of their venture, but it didn't seem as though she would get any answers until they were out of the city.
Chapter 18 | Waypoint
They set up camp near the side of the road. Vyk and Kian had been carrying most of the items they had needed to pitch camp. Ascha was glad that they had been, too, since she hadn't brought anything to make camp for herself. But there was enough room in Felisya's tent that Ascha was able to share it with her. Felisya was considerably smaller in stature than Ascha, being both shorter and finer-boned. Ascha had never thought of herself as big-boned, but Felisya made her feel downright big.
They had been heading northwest, by Ascha's best estimate of the sun and the forested terrain, all day. Everyone gathered around the campfire. Various things, from rocks to bits of log, provided seating.
"So, are we far enough away from Boran yet?" Ascha asked Narim.
"Sure. For what, exactly?"
"For me to find out exactly what I've gotten myself into."
"Oh, that." Narim laughed. "Yeah. Sorry about all of the cloak-and-dagger back at the tavern. I just didn't want to give anyone that might have been listening a reason to follow us. We are going to the abandoned ruins to the north of here, the Steeple."
"The Steeple?" Ascha hadn't heard of the place before.
"You know the Steeple?" Vyk cut in. Ascha looked blankly back at him. "That's alright. Not too many people have heard of it."
"Rumor is, though, that there are still some pretty cool artifacts there." Narim said.
"Yeah, Narim here was hoping she might find a spell scribbled on some parchment, or something." Celea shot out. 
"Hey, you are hoping to find stuff, too. Otherwise, you wouldn't be here." Narim punched Celea's arm good-naturedly.
"It's also a place where we can practice away from watchful eyes." Fial broke his silence.
"Watchful eyes? Do you mean the T'Sala's reach has gone farther than the school and surrounding areas?" Ascha wondered aloud.
Fial furrowed his brow at her words, before Narim spoke.
"How long were you at the prison?"
"You know, I'm not sure. Enough about that. What are we eating for supper?" Ascha decided to take the conversation a different place.
"It looks like I have some rannik root, some onions, and a few other plants for seasoning." Kian replied, looking up from his sack.
"Right, well, do you need any help getting everything together?" Ascha asked.
"Just going to throw it in the pot with some water. I think I saw a stream nearby if you want to fill this." Kian handed her the pot, and started preparing the vegetables.
Chapter 19 | The Steeple
It reached into the sky, pushing its ruinous stones into the clear blue above them. Vines clung to the decrepit structure. Trees and bushes grew close, attesting to the tower's unmaintained aspect.
"Perfect." Narim said under her breath.
"I guess it will work." Ascha just hoped the roof would keep the rain off their heads. Granted, they were approaching the middle of summer, and they didn't have much rain to worry about, but it would be better not to be surprised.
"Well, it's a good day's hike or more from anywhere, so they shouldn't find us here." Fial's words made Ascha wonder who 'they' were.
"That's probably why there are so many stories about this place." Vyk commented.
"Yeah, let's hope we don't all die the first night we spend in this place." Celea answered Ascha's unspoken question. Apparently the stories had something to do with this place being haunted. 
"That would definitely be less than favorable," was Vyk's response.
Ascha made her way to the shade. She wasn't the only one to notice the sun's warmth, as Felisya doused some water from her canteen onto her scarf, tying it around her forehead.
"Well, let's not just stand here, staring at the thing like idiots. Last one in is a rotten toad!" Narim shouted. She ran to cross the threshold to the Steeple. The rest of the group followed after her at a more moderated pace. Celea, being the least interested, crossed last.
Kian and Vyk excitedly forced forward to explore the tower, running ahead and almost pushing each other to get ahead.
"Settle down, you two." Narim called, catching up with them, and soon leading the charge before them. They disappeared up the stairwell, while Celea, Felisya, Fial and Ascha stayed on the first level.
"We will have plenty of time to explore. I want to stake out the best place to sleep." Celea replied when Vyk shouted down to ask if they were coming.
"Suit yourselves." Narim shouted back down.
"Ew," Felisya brushed the grime off the back of her cloak. She had been leaning against one of the walls. Time had evidently coated it, to Felisya's chagrin. "When was the last time this place was cleaned?"
"Probably a century ago." Celea replied.
"Probably. Well, let's start getting everything ready for tonight. I don't know about you, but I would like to sleep somewhat decently tonight." Felisya laughed.
"What? You don't want to go exploring with everyone else?" Celea queried.
"This place has been around for this long. I'm pretty sure it will still be here in the morning. Besides, it will be more fun checking everything out once I'm not worrying about where I'm sleeping tonight." Felisya walked over to where Fial was already pulling bed rolls out of their bags, which had been shoved unceremoniously in a corner.

Chapter 20 | Talks
 "This world doesn't have a place for me anymore, Felisya" Ascha said.
"Well, that's a glum outlook. And you can just call me Fel." They were laying on their bed rolls. Everyone else had fallen asleep. It was a good thing that they had started readying for their sleep before Narim, Kian and Vyk had returned, since they didn't get back until after the sun had already fallen behind the horizon. The room had started to get dark well before that. If not for the bright moon outside, the room they were in would have been pitch black.
"It's just… I don't know how I can let you feel part of this feeling I'm feeling." Ascha tried to explain to Fel. She didn't even know how they had gotten to this topic. They had just been talking. Even though everyone else nodded off, they still kept talking.
"I guess I'm a little lost. I'm not really sure what you're saying." Fel said. Ascha knew she was being cryptic. She gave it another try.
"I don't know how much you know. It's probably not much. I met Narim in the prison."
"I knew Narim knew you from the prison, but I don't know how. You worked for the warden or something, didn't you?"
"I guess that's a way of seeing it. I've spent the last nineteen years in the prison as an inmate." Ascha clarified.
Fel's expression registered surprise, but she hid it quickly. Rather, Ascha could feel Fel's surprise more than see it.
"Well, that is a little different than what I thought before." Ascha inwardly thanked Fel for not making her explain more about the prison. Fel continued, "It's not like you're the only one who has had trouble. Most of us in this group have had trouble of some kind or another. Kian and Celea don't talk about their past much, but both of them were devoted to the Kirike. What we're doing now isn't exactly sanctioned, so you can bet their involvement with the Kirike is over. Nobody knows much about Fial, but you can guess from that stony demeanor of his that something gave it to him. And you already know about Narim's father."
Fel could barely see Ascha nodding slowly in the dark.
"It's not just that." Ascha found that now that she had started talking, she couldn't stop. She was used to being the person that did more of the listening and unburdening of other people's souls. She didn't know what this was, but she kept talking anyways, "It's before the prison, too. It's how I got there. I was a student. It was before the Kirike. I was a student at T'Sala Un Sung."
"You were studying to become a magus?" Fel's voice was more than a little awed. Then something else occurred to her. "Does Narim know?"
"No. I haven't told anyone, except you. But the point is, I don’t have any family, or anything to go back to. I don't have anyone. The only friends I had kind of had a lot to do with putting me in the prison in the first place."
"I guess, what I'm trying to say, is you're not alone. You have us now."
Depending on other people again. Ascha didn't know if she was ready for that.
Chapter 21 | Group Efforts
The smell of katcha flooded the room, rousing those left still asleep. Ascha couldn't remember the last time she smelled katcha, let alone woke up to the smell. She couldn’t even tell if it was good katcha, it was just that good to smell any katcha. Ascha didn't think much on last night, or, rather, she didn't want to. She wanted to investigate the Steeple further, and see what this was all about. She wanted to see why Narim and the others were so bent on coming here.
"Who wants breakfast?" Kian asked. The smell of the eggs frying in his skillet mingled nicely with the katcha. 
"We should all eat something before we get started." Narim answered for everyone.
"So, what is it we're starting, exactly?" Ascha still didn't have a clear idea. She nodded her thanks as Kian handed her a tin cup of katcha, and a small plate of eggs.
"Well, Vyk, Kian and I explored some yesterday, but I still want to get a more complete inventory of this place now that it's light." Narim said.
"We need a name." Celea spoke up. 
"Name?" Narim wondered aloud.
"For the group. I mean, we're going to be exploring not only this place, but the fun stuff, too. We're going to be doing all that magick that the Kirike had locked down, right?" Celea gave her short dark hair a bounce as she finished dragging a comb through it.
"Sure. So, what do we think? What do we want to call ourselves?" It sounded like a good idea, and Narim agreed vocally.
"The Union?" Vyk put forth an option.
"Too scary. I don't like that. It sounds like we're planning to do something big, or something. Let's go with something more playful." Celea said.
"Hm, more playful." Kian mused.
"The Tinkers?" Vyk tried again.
"Too playful." Fial said flatly.
"The Saith." Ascha offered.
"Saith? What's that?" Narim asked.
"It came from our studies of different languages, back when I was at school. 'Saith' means 'seven.'" Ascha elaborated.
"School?" Fel wondered aloud, "You mean T'Sala?"
Narim and Fial froze. Everyone else stopped what they were doing, as well.
Ascha wished Fel hadn't said that. She wasn't sure she was ready for everyone to know. No changing that now.
"T'Sala? As in T'Sala Un Sung? The magick school?" Narim asked.
"Well, I don't know of any other T'Sala…" Ascha said.
"I think our name would have to go with your suggestion, experience and all. The Saith, it has a ring to it." Ascha knew Narim had a million or so other questions, like what had Ascha been doing in the prison, but Narim was polite enough not to ask them in front of the rest.
"Sounds good to me. I like that people won't know what it means right away." Kian replied, keeping the new track of conversation.
"It kind of sounds like nonsense, I like that." Celea commented.
"The Saith it is. It's official." Narim decided.

***

The Saith decided to explore the ruin, after they had all eaten their breakfast. She wasn't sure how'd he'd done it, but Fial had managed to steal some katcha aside just for the exploration. He guarded his mug closely to him.
The Steeple was fairly simple. It was composed of a spiral staircase, which formed the tower, that had doors off to the side. These occasional doors stopped off at rooms, which were round in nature and encompassed the entire floor. They had found six of them, save the entry room where they had slept.
Aside from the overt architectural features, and the stones themselves, the Steeple was more dust and cobwebs than anything else. There also were some vines that were growing through cracks or windows and were thriving on the inside of the structure. Ascha decided not to think on the insects and bugs that were traveling up and down those vines. Some of the rooms had had tables or other furniture in them, but the surfaces of these objects were so coated by the dust that it had been impossible to tell at a quick glance if anything of a paper nature were on its surface.
"I know I've asked before, but why are we at this place, anyways?" Ascha said, after they had reached the last floor. All in all, everything seemed rather uneventful. Narim looked slightly uncomfortable.
"I was hoping we would find something…" she said.
"Well, we've only just started looking at this place." Vyk sat down in the chair nearest to him. Its moldy structure gave way beneath his weight. Celea laughed, offering him a hand up.
"Yeah, after all, we haven't even given the rooms a good look. I mean, who knows what scrolls were left on these tables." At his own prompt, Kian started brushing away the dust on the table that Vyk's chair belonged to, when it was still resembling a chair. "Maybe there are some spells, or magick runes. I mean, would it be too much to ask for an instruction manual on how to become the most powerful magus in all of Caillte?" Fial smirked, before his face resumed its stoic expression.
"Why would you want to be a magus? I mean, all they do is pray to Nohtin." Ascha looked up when she realized no one else was going to say something. She remembered that using Nohtin's name in such a manner around common folk could be considered bad luck. The night goddess wasn't known to be capricious, but she still deserved respect. After all, some people devoted their entire lives to her worship. Ascha hoped her words had come out cattier than she had intended.
"I'm pretty sure that's not all a magus does." Narim broke the silence. "But I guess we can't really be sure, since we haven't had any in Caillte for so many years."
"And praying, that's what the Kirike's for." Celea said.
"Yeah," Kian agreed, "I've had my fill of that. I think it would be fair for me to say that I wouldn't miss it if I never heard Nohtin's name again."
"To be fair, though, it wasn't Nohtin that was the problem. It was the people in the uniforms that caused the issues. It was the bureaucracy behind the Kirike." Celea assented.
"True enough," Kian admitted.
The room was starting to darken, and it was getting slightly harder to see.
"Well, I don't know about you guys, but I think we might want to head back to the main floor, and make some dinner." Fel broke Kian and Celea's conversation.
"I could do with some food myself. I'm kind of famished." Kian, sufficiently distracted, headed towards the door, Fel walking with him. The rest of the Saith was close behind them. Only Ascha remained. The room was rather desolate as soon as the others weren't there with her.
She didn't know why she had bothered to bring her satchel with her. In fact, it had gotten in the way more than once. If there hadn't been so many stairs, she might have gone back to the main floor and dropped it off. But she hadn't.
It took her a moment to notice the warmth. But it was so warm that she felt it through the satchel, and through her skirt, onto her thigh. At first she ignored it. Then she pulled out the source of the heat. She had forgotten about it, and its odd heat abilities. She still didn't know what they were.
She placed the strange metal cube on the table in front of her. The cube was a little larger than the size of what would comfortably fit in her hand. It was definitely the source of the warmth. She wondered why it was warming up now, and she hadn't noticed it warm at all since she was friends with Michaeyala. Maybe there was something in this place, something that had also been at T'Sala, all those years ago? Unlike before, it didn't seem to be cooling down. Once it had hit a certain level of warmth, it just held it. She wondered if she would have to leave it here. It was now too hot to hold, and might start smoldering her satchel if she left it in there too long.
Ascha looked at the cube. It seemed relatively safe if she left it in here. She could always check back on it in the morning. She headed downstairs, looking over her shoulder at the cube for as long as she could.
Chapter 22 | Sunrises
He was alone. Kian had woken before anyone else. He forged to the top floor of the Steeple. He didn't know why. Maybe he just wanted to see the view of the sunrise from high, as high as he could get. The top floor had windows, which was reasonable enough.
He had finished mounting the rather numerous stairs. The gray of the sky was lightening. The last stars winked away the night as they gave way to the brilliance of the sun. It had already made its way above the hill-line, but was still peaking through the leaves of the tallest trees. The view from here was beautiful. The window may have been little more than a glorified arrow slit, but it provided an excellent vantage. 
Then Kian smelled it. At first, he ignored it. Maybe the others had woken, and were starting to cook something. But that didn’t make any sense. Kian turned around, and saw the thin curl of smoke. There was no flame, just a smoldering paper shoved against a metal cube. It didn't make any sense, but Kian moved the paper away from the cube. As he got close, he noticed how much heat it was giving off.
"Ouch." Kian must have brushed the cube with his hand. It didn't look like it should be hot. The metal looked like it should be cold, safe to the touch. All he could think was that if the table hadn't been made of solid, and fire-proof, vakwood, he was sure it would have burned a whole through that, too.
Kian wondered if he should do anything with the cube. But he couldn't think of anything to do with it to make it safer. He made sure no other parchment or papers were touching it, then left to go downstairs. The hike up the Steeple had left him rather hungry, now that he thought about it. He decided it was time to go downstairs and find some breakfast.

***

"Why? Why should we go there?" Narim was talking when Kian arrived downstairs. No one had made any katcha. And there was no breakfast. Kian made his way to his bags so he could get some food started, and some katcha.
"Never mind. It was a silly idea." Falisya replied to Narim.
"I, for one, don't really relish the idea of being under scrutiny again. I know it gets cold at night in this place, but I'd rather not go to Valona." Ascha put her opinion forth.
"We're not going, all right? It's pretty clear that no one else wants to go." Falisya reaffirmed.
"Actually, a supply run makes sense. Falisya, I'll go with." Vyk said.
"Okay, Falisya, you and Vyk go to Valona for supplies. When should we expect you back?" asked Narim.
"Oh, I think three days is more than enough time." Vyk answered.
Vyk and Falisya gathered there bags.
"Is there anything else anyone needs, other than what we were talking about before?" Falysia asked the group.
"I don't know if it was mentioned already, while I was upstairs, but we could use some more roots. I think the katcha is getting low, too. So you might pick up some more blend in Valona." Kian added, “And some more eggs!"
"Right, got it. See you guys in three days!" Vyk waved to everyone as they went out the door.
"Okay, now that that's settled, what were you doing this morning?" Narim turned to Kian.
"Why yes, your Majesty, I didn't know that I had to report all of my movements to you," he quipped sarcastically. Narim raised her eyebrows, waiting.
"I wasn't trying to control you, Kian. I was just wondering."
"If you must know, I had just walked to the top of the tower this morning so that I could see the sunrise." Narim shrugged at Kian's response. Kian looked at Ascha for a moment. He didn't know why, but he felt like he needed to talk to her, alone, about the cube. Maybe she would know something about it because of all that training at the school.
Chapter 23 | Supply Run
Vyk and Fel headed north on the road. It was more of a path really, that would later join up with the main road that went from Boran to Valona. The town shouldn't be too far away, about a day and half's walk. It was still morning. A mist covered the road, as the dew from the trees on either side of them rose. The dense green foliage of summer was hidden in the fog, which swirled around their ankles as they walked. It would burn off before too long, as the sun warmed the air.
"I know I haven't known her as long as you," Vyk broke the silence of the morning, "but Narim seems a bit bossy. She always like that?"
"Kind of. But she's always got her heart in the right place. She's really nice, once you get to know her."
"Oh, I'm not saying she's not nice." Vyk resettled his pack. They continued in a few more moments of silence, before Vyk decided he hadn't finished voicing his thoughts.
"I just guess, well, I wanted to get away from the over-regimentation that's everywhere else. I wasn't looking for a new leader. Having a name and all, it's so…." Vyk searched for the right word, "official."
"Yeah, I know what you mean." Fel assented. She decided to change the track of their conversation, "So, I've known Narim for a little while. I know that Narim brought Ascha in. And Kian and Celea knew each other, I'm pretty sure. What about Fial? Did you know him before we all got together?"
"Fial? Nope. Didn't really know him at all. I thought you did, honestly. Guess Narim must have brought him in, too."
"How did you find the group?"
"Oh, I overheard Narim talking with Kian and Celea in a tavern in Albia, some weeks ago. It sounded rather interesting, and I asked if I could join them. Narim has the money, Kian and Celea have some experience in the Kirike, I guess I brought, well I'm not sure what I brought. Did you bring anything?"
"Well, I've known Narim for a long time, since we were little girls. I helped her come up with the idea of going out on our own. I tired with the way her father treated her about everything. I guess she was, too, because she finally decided it was time that we leave and start, well, whatever this group is that we all have together." Fel's words hung in the air. Eventually, their sound gave way to the birdsong emanating from the trees around them. They walked this way for some hours.
"So, what are all the things we need to grab in Valona?" Vyk said.
"What, is listening to the birdsong getting too monotonous for you?" Fel responded with a question.
"Well I don't know that monotonous is the word for it. There are definitely different tones. But it certainly has grown tiresome." Vyk answered.
"And going over a supply list is more stimulating?" Fel came back.
"Yes, it is. Now what is it we need to grab?" Fel chuckled at Vyk's obvious annoyance.
"Ah, yes. Mostly food, but a couple other things, too."
"As in?" asked Vyk.
"Um, let's see, we need to pick up some paper, ink, quills, firewood, some roots, onions, eggs, katcha blend, flour, I think that's it. Unless there is anything else you can think of." Fel completed her litany.
"Just a couple other things?" 
"I guess I should write them down." Fel chuckled again. She re-tied the band that held her curly hair, as it was falling in her face again.

***

It was a beautiful day when they reached Valona. The sounds of birds had given way to the light bustle of the town around them.
"Be on the lookout for a general store. We should be able to get most everything there." Fel brushed a curly strand of hair out of her face. They wouldn't need accommodations for the night, since after they got the supplies they would be starting their journey back to the Steeple.
"'Morka's Generals'," read Vyk. The sign belonged to a store on their left. They crossed the main road of the town, and entered the small store. Fel tried to ignore the strange odor as they entered. It smelled of flour mixing with the dust from new seed, and some sort of lubricating oil for machinery. Vyk's face wrinkled as he worked at trying not to sneeze.
Morka was a frail old lady. At least, that's who they assumed the lady standing behind the counter was.
"She has quite a list. We may need help finding everything." Vyk introduced them. Fel looked sharply at Vyk, then kindly to Morka. She listed off the items.
"Ah yes, we should have all of that," Morka said, after Fel had given her the litany of supplies they needed. "The food will be up along the back wall. The firewood will be on the far end, next to the food. Everything else will be on that middle aisle, there." Morka pointed a scraggly finger towards the center of the store.
"Thank you." Fel said. She and Vyk made their way to find the supplies they were looking for.
"They never have bakayla root." The man beside them shook his head, gazing at the empty bin with the label 'bakayla' above it. Fel looked at him, then looked at him again. He smiled at them, shaking off his disappointment. He held out a hand, which Vyk took after Fel continued to look at him dumbly.
"Berrian, Berrian Sahli."
"I thought I recognized you from somewhere!" Fel blurted. "I saw you give a talk in Albia."
"Albia, Albia…" Berrian was obviously trying to place the event. "Oh yes - Albia. That was some time ago. You must have been a young girl then."
"Well, not so young. I still lived with my parents, but not for long after that." Fel defended herself. It was true, Berrian did have gray creeping in at his temples and was probably a good decade older than her or Vyk.
"Well, this is Fel, and I'm Vyk." Vyk was starting to feel left out, and decided it was time to finish the introductions that had been started.
"Ah, yes, nice to meet you, both." Berrian wagged his finger between the two of them, asking, "Are you two…?"
"No! No, we're not…" Fel started.
"Thanks, Fel. Didn't know that the idea was so repulsive to you." Vyk said to Fel, then turned to Berrian, "No, we're not together."
Berrian chuckled, nodding.
"I can see that," said Berrian.
"Well, that goes on the list of things I wish I had thought about before blurting out loud." Fel commented. "I'm going to go back to finding what we need now. I'll be over there if you need me, Vyk." Fel pointed to the end where the firewood was.
When Vyk met back up with Fel, she was next in line at the counter. Only a tall, distinguished fellow was before her. Equal amounts of salt peppered his hair. He looked at the stack of items that Felisya was struggling with in her arms.
"You can go ahead of me. I only have a few things, and I don't mind waiting." The sash at the stranger’s waist swished gently as he stepped aside to let Felisya go in front of him.
"Thank you…" Fel started, waiting for him to fill in his name.
"Irzo," he completed.
"Thank you, Irzo." Fel said as she stacked her items to pay for them.
Vyk nodded in thanks to the stranger, standing beside Felisya so that he could help with the relatively large purchase.
"Neat guy, Berrian. Here, did you need help with that?"
"Sure." Fel put some of the supplies into Vyk's pack. She put the rest into her own. "I guess that's everything. Are you ready to head back?"
"Everything seems in order to me." Vyk slipped his thumbs through the straps on his pack, readying himself for the hike.
"Right," Fel said, turning to Morka, "Thanks."
"So, am I supposed to know who that was that we just ran into?" Vyk asked.
"Berrian Sahli?" Fel giggled. She actually giggled. "You don't know The Cartographer?"
Vyk shook his head.
"Should I?"
"Only if you care about being intellectual."
"Cartographer means mapmaker or something, doesn't it?" Vyk wasn't going to let Fel have the only word on his intelligence, or lack thereof.
"Yeah, something like that," she said.
"You saw him before, some seminar or something?"
"When I was in Albia, he was giving a lecture as a guest speaker at the school I was going to. The lecture was about map distortion, you know, how you can't get everything to lie right on a flat paper when you're trying to draw a map, because things aren't flat?" Fel genuinely stated to Vyk. "He doesn't look like he's aged much." Her thoughts were flitting elsewhere.
Vyk rolled his eyes.

***

They could hear the birds again. They had slept under the stars last night, and were headed back to the Steeple now. Fel breathed the fresh morning air deeply. Her mouth quirked at a stray thought.
"What was that?" Vyk asked.
"What was what?" Fel was confused.
"That. You quirked your mouth." Vyk clarified.
"I don't know, just thinking something, I guess." Fel didn't feel like defending herself, so she sounded rather defensive.
"What were you thinking about?" Vyk continued to push.
"Well, Sir Nosy, I don't remember. It wasn't important." They walked a few more paces, before she continued, "Tired of walking in silence, are we?" He laughed a short huff of a laugh.
"Something like that."
"Well, since you seem so avid to talk about something, who do you like?" Fel turned the table on him. She remembered that the best defense was a good offense, at least, that was what someone had told her once.
"Excuse me?" Vyk was visibly surprised.
"In the group." Fel wasn't letting Vyk not answer her question.
"Well that clears it up. I guess I'll humor you, we have a bit of road to cover before we reach the Steeple." Vyk's evasion was evident.
"That's not an answer to my impertinent question," she pushed.
"That's right, it is a bit impertinent. And, if I had to pick, it would be Celea." He decided. Fel's face fell a little bit. "Oh, you didn't think it would be you, did you?"
"No, of course not, why would I think that? That's thinking a little much of yourself, isn't it." Her question didn't sound like a question.
"Fine, who do you like?" Vyk shot back.
"No one. And even if I did, it would be none of your business." Fel responded.
"Well that's hardly fair, I told you mine." Vyk looked glum as he trotted along. It wasn't a usual expression for him, and the air wore uncomfortably on his face.
Fel looked around. The plants and flowers were starting to be those that surrounded the Steeple. She didn't know how much she would be glad to be back there.
Chapter 24 | Hidden Rooms
Vyk and Fel had only just left for their supply run to Valona. She was alone in the Steeple. Ascha was on the second floor. Celea was on the main floor, helping Kian prepare lunch. Narim and Fial were off somewhere, exploring. And Ascha was alone, again. She didn't mind, really. Sometimes it was better to be alone. She didn't have to worry about anyone else's expectations or judgments.
The second floor room looked like it was some sort of library. Bookcases lined the walls. They were filled with books and stacks of scrolls. Loose paper had been shoved into several spots. A couple chairs, presumably for reading, had little niches carved between the bookcases. The bookcases themselves formed a sort of arch around each chair, with books on all sides and above.
The dust coated the books and scrolls so thickly that it had to be blown off before any content could be discovered.  Ascha grabbed another of the books and sat in one of the chairs. She wiped the dust off to decipher the title. It was still obscured by time, and the gold leaf that had been tooled to form the title had mostly fallen off. Ascha spun through the pages of the book. It appeared to be a book of poetry mostly. Hopefully it provided for some decent reading.
"Don't make me come and find you." Celea stood by the door, after having knocked gently on the jam to get Ascha's attention. "Everyone else has eaten, so you'll be stuck with what's left." Celea turned to go back downstairs. Ascha shelved the poetry book and followed suit. She was hungry, now that she thought about it.
"I found her just on the next floor, reading something." Ascha heard Celea tell the others.
"Anything interesting?" Narim asked. Ascha shook her head.
"It was a poetry book, I think. Well, I guess it was kind of interesting. But not magickal. Just words about trees and flowers and existence and bees going in circles and things." Narim shrugged at Ascha's response, no longer interested.
"Food's over there, if you want some." Kian pointed to the pot, which was mostly empty. Ascha grabbed a bowl and filled it with the slop of the day. It was better, much better, than the slop she had had in the prison. But, she supposed, she had gotten used to thinking of her food in terms of slop, so she did so here as well.
"Thanks." Ascha said aloud, to no one in particular. "So it looks like the second floor room is pretty much just a library. I've tried to go through what's in there, but there doesn't appear to be much rhyme or reason to its contents. Did you find anything?" She asked Narim and Fial. They looked from one to the other.
"Nothing special. The third floor room looks to be a lab of some sort. Fial and I just spent time trying to find out what components are in there, and what might still be useable." Narim answered for both of them. Fial was his usual stony self. "After we're done with lunch here I was thinking Fial and I might go back and investigate the room more. Did you want to see if there is anything useful in that library?"
"Sure." Ascha agreed. She wanted to get to a better stopping point in that book anyways.
After she had finished with the eating and light socializing of lunch, she went back upstairs and found her book. At least, it was in the same place she had put the poetry book down, but when she went to open it, its contents were not poetry. At first, she was slightly disappointed. She had already cuddled back into the chair and had certain expectations for what she would be reading. But those expectations were not fulfilled. She had opened to where the bookmark was, which was also identical to the one she had used. However, instead of poetry, she found herself in the middle of someone's journal entry. The scrawl was horrible and difficult to decipher. Only after reading the passage several times was she able to understand what it was trying to say:

We arrived here at this steeple with high hopes. Moran and Filial started right away to making the next story, which left me to equipping the library and laboratory of the second and third floor. The king would not appreciate delays, so we worked quickly. We have been commissioned for a job, and that is what I intend to accomplish. I hardly have time for this entry. Even now, it is being written in the waning light of the oil lamp as my brethren sleep.

Ascha turned a few more pages. Maybe the journal would get more interesting if she got further into it.

They are mad! Both of them! And I do not mean it lightly. I think it is because of reading that accursed tome. If their mutterings from last week were true, then they did attempt the ritual that they found. Foolish men. I told them not to play with such things. The king will not be pleased. I must put this thing someplace safe so that it does not do further damage.


No, it couldn't be the same. Ascha thought to herself. She remembered back on her meeting with Krealu in the prison. Maybe if she kept reading, she could find some clue as to where it was hidden.

This place. I shall hide it here. But do I dare to put down even in this journal how it is hid? No, I think it shall be safe. It will be hidden here, but the veil I weave around it shall be such that I should have no worry that this tome should be found again. I would destroy it, but it seems impervious to everything I have tried. Who knew that leather, and iron hinges, and animal skins could be so durable? I wish I knew which enchantment was cast on it to achieve this in the first place. But it is more important that it do no more damage. Moran and Filial are little more than husks of men now. When the king's guard found them the treatment was not a pretty one. I shudder to think what they would have done to me had I not thought to evade them on their arrival. Needless to say, our commission has not, and never will be, completed.


Ascha had read enough. Talk of enchantments and magick, she needed to show this journal to the others. She placed the bookmark where she had just read, and went to find the others. Celea was downstairs.
"Where's Narim and the others?" Ascha asked.
"Oh, around." She tried to brush her blonde, shoulder-length hair behind her, but it only fell forward again.
"I guess I'll show you first then, since you're here." Ascha placed the journal on one of the tables before them. She opened it to the place where she was reading.
"I don't get it, the guy wrote his journal in poetry?" Celea said.
"It doesn't make any sense… this is not the book I was just reading." Ascha's perplexed state had driven her to the point of almost shouting. "I had just gone upstairs to read this poetry book, but I must have picked up the journal instead. It was talking about enchantments and everything. That's why I wanted to show you guys," she said, feeling slightly disheartened.
"I don't know what to tell you. It looks like it's just talking about flowers." Celea's statements of the obvious grated on Ascha.
"Well, I guess there's no point in showing the others now. I'll just go back upstairs." Ascha closed the book and turned brusquely.
It was stupid. She knew that she had never laid down the journal. So how could it be just pretty poetry now?
When she arrived in the library, it was just as she had left it: a mess. Ascha scoured the place. She would find that journal. Eventually the sun started to set, and she decided to cut her search short. Exhausted, she plopped down in the chair she had been reading in. She looked to the small table beside her. The poetry book was sitting on it. Ascha picked up the book, paging through it. She couldn't make any sense of what had just happened. Then it happened again. She saw them change before her eyes this time. But this time they were not the words of the journal entries. They were simply instructions this time.

Go to the third bookshelf to the right of the entrance. There, you will find a red-spined book on the bottom shelf. Pull it, while chanting 'sole reva lum', and concentrating your energy to reveal the passage hidden within.

She turned to the next page. The words were the same. On every page. What should she do? Ascha wondered to herself. Should she follow the directions of the journal, now obviously magickal itself? Should she try to report her findings to the group again? The last time she tried didn't go so well. The secrets of the journal appeared to only wish to reveal themselves to her, and she wasn't looking forward to having more people laugh at the crazy person.
Ascha looked up and over to the bookshelf by the entrance. There, on the bottom shelf, was indeed a red-spined book. 'Sole reva lum.' It couldn't hurt to walk over by the book, and mutter the words. Which is exactly what she did. And nothing happened.
Ascha closed her eyes. She should have known better than to think she could just say the words without any energy behind them and expect something to happen. It had been a long time, a very long time, since she had done any rituals, even small ones. At least, if she tried this one, there would be no witnesses.
She took a deep breath and centered herself, forcing the excess and errant energy around her to ground. She was now kneeling in front of the red-spined book. All of the air touching her skin had ceased to hum, even a little bit. At least I still remember how to ground myself, she thought. Sole reva lum, she formed the words in her mind, before saying them aloud.
"Sole reva lum," Ascha spoke the words from the journal.
Nothing happened. At first. After a few moments, the bookshelf screeched against the floor as it swung open. The room behind the shelf was very dark. Even still, Ascha could see, and smell, that the room had not been occupied, or cleaned, in even a longer time than the rest of the Steeple. She went over to the table in the middle of the room and grabbed an oil lantern, removed the glass, wound more wick available, and lit it. Once sure the flame would hold, Ascha reset the glass. She turned and entered the room, holding the lantern ahead of her.
There were no windows in the small room. Ascha was glad that she was holding the lantern for light, and not an open candle, as cobwebs and dust hung and dangled from all areas of the ceiling. A singular daise rose from the center of the room. On the daise was a stand. She walked around the daise, and noted that the stand was a book stand. A very old tome resided upon the book stand. Iron hinges held the tome closed. Ascha ascended the daise, and placed a hand on the tome. The old leather hummed beneath her fingers. The room felt warm.
"Ascha?" She heard a voice calling from the hall. It was Narim.
Ascha grabbed the tome, placing it carefully under her cloak. She left the room. It must have somehow sensed the vacancy, as the bookshelf-door ground to a close behind her. Narim entered the library.
"Find anything interesting in here?" Narim asked.
"I thought I had found something in a book, but when I showed Celea, it turned out to be nothing." Ascha's reply came out smoother than she thought it would. Narim nodded by way of acknowledgement.
"Well, we're all heading down to the main level, if you wish to join us." Narim left to go downstairs.
"Sure, I'll be along shortly." Ascha wondered why she didn't tell Narim about the room right away. But she just felt that she needed to keep this to herself for a little bit longer, until she knew what was going on.


Chapter 25 | Reunions
The verdant growth around them heralded that the Steeple was close, very close. Vyk and Felisya made better time than they were hoping. It was not even midday yet, and already their journey was almost complete.
"I hope that everyone asked us to get what they needed, because I'm not making that trip again any time soon. Not to imply anything about your company, Vyk."
"Of course not, though I'm sure you can say that the feeling is mutual." Vyk responded to Felisya's comment. He brushed aside the foliage in front of their almost unnoticeable path to reveal the Steeple behind.
"How can seeing a bunch of crumbling rocks be this relieving?" Felisya asked.
Vyk simply shrugged, and started to dart towards the Steeple.
"Last one there has to clean the other's boots!" he shouted, not bothering to look back as he did so.
It didn't take long for Felisya to follow suit, and run for the door.
They bowled open the door.
"Are you being chased by something?" Kian asked, at the sudden noise of their entrance. Vyk stumbled in, closely followed by Felisya.
"I like them to sparkle," he said to Felisya.
"No, we weren't." Felisya was out of breath as she answered Kian, ignoring Vyk.
"Well, that's a relief. I didn’t want to have to try and pack everything back up at lightening speed. I just pulled out what we have left to start getting lunch together." Kian gestured to the soup pan. The soup base appeared very much like water, or maybe it was the light. Felisya couldn't tell from a distance.
"It looks like we got back with supplies just in time." Felisya said as she began to unpack her satchel. She tossed a couple of onions over to Kian, as well as some tubers. "I'm sure you can make use of these." She also tossed him a bunch of some plant that was used as a spice. Felisya didn't know what it was for sure. The sign at the shop had said it was good for such purposes. She just hoped it tasted good and that Kian knew what to do with it.
"Ah, cabila. Thanks for picking some up. I haven't been able to make anything with flavor for a little bit now."
"Sure, anytime." Felisya decided it was best to let him think she knew what it was.
Vyk unloaded his pack as well, though all of the food-stuffs had been in Felisya's satchel.
"So, where's everyone else?" Vyk asked.
"Oh, they will be down shortly, especially once they smell some of this wafting up to them." Kian replied as he cut the onions and tubers, sprinkling cabila into the soup base he already had simmering. Almost on cue, Ascha headed down the stairs. She was talking with Celea about something, although their conversation died away before it could be made out as they entered the lower level.
"Hey, that smells pretty good Kian." Celea announced with her entrance.
"Well, it's thanks to Fel and Vyk. Their supply run to Valona turned up some cabila, which is that wonderful aroma. It doesn't take long in some warm water before you smell it." Kian said, never taking his eyes from the soup pot as he stirred his chopped onions and tubers into the base.
"Well, thanks to Fel and Vyk, then," Celea said as she nodded in their direction.
"Narim and Fial behind you?" Kian asked. Ascha looked over her shoulder.
"Yeah. I see them just at the top of the stairs," Ascha replied.
"Ascha, could you come over here for a moment?" Kian's words were slightly muffled. Ascha moved closer to Kian, frowning at the request.
"Sure, what can I help you with, Kian?" Ascha said when she was beside him.
"Something's been bothering me. It's been a few days now. I tried talking to Narim and Fial about it, but they said I should talk to you."
"What is it?" Ascha asked, her curiosity now piqued.
"I went up to the top floor the other morning, you know, just to watch the sunrise, and I saw something. It was… I don't know how to describe it… a cube, I guess. A metal cube. But the thing, I think it started a fire. But I don't know how. That's not right. That's not possible, is it?" Ascha wasn't sure how to respond. In truth, her findings with the hidden room and the tome had caused her to forget all about the cube. She should have known that someone else in the group would find it. And that it would behave in such a manner that would evoke curiosity. She silently chastised herself for leaving it up there, in such a conspicuous location.
"No, that doesn't seem right."
"I mean, you don't know of any, I don't know, enchantments, or the like, that could cause it to do that?" Kian pressed.
"Not that I know of. It is quite strange behavior for such an object," she offered.
"Well, after we're done with lunch, would you mind coming upstairs and looking at it with me?" Kian looked at her hopefully.
"It shouldn't be an issue." Ascha could already feel the regret at offering her help, but didn't feel that she had much choice. She wondered how long she would be able to hide that she was the one who had brought the cube into the Steeple.
"What are you two whispering about over there? I don't need to come break up a little heart-to-heart session, do I?" Vyk chimed in, breaking the rhythm of Kian and Ascha's conversation.
"I know the truth of it, you just want some food, Vyk. Well, it's almost done, and then you can come get some," Kian said loudly.
Shortly, Kian found himself slopping a couple ladle-fuls into everyone's bowls. They all must have been rather hungry, as there was much slurping but no other noise to accompany it. It was only until Vyk went to the pot for seconds that anyone paused to speak.
"So, what have we missed while we were away?" Felisya asked.
There was silence that echoed the sound of the spoons now scraping their relative bowls. Narim and Fial were careful to look at their bowls, as did everyone else.
"Oh come now, something must have happened here while we were away. Don't tell me that Vyk and I had more fun on the supply run," Felisya prodded some more.
"Well, there was this one book. Ascha found it in the library." Ascha looked bug-eyed at Celea. "Come on Ascha, what was it? Some poetry journal or something?" Ascha remembered which book she had shown Celea. She had been careful not to show anyone the tome from the hidden room.
"Uh, yeah. It was something like that. It doesn't seem so important now."
"Well it certainly seemed important when you rushed to show me. Something about magick in there, I thought. Though it did look rather unimpressive when you showed it to me." Celea shrugged.
"Yeah, you didn't miss anything here. We've mostly just been cataloguing what was already here. We haven't really found anything, yet. Aside from the company, it's been rather boring, actually." Narim summed up Felisya and Vyk's absence.
"Well, I guess we did have more fun on our little trip. We actually ran into someone rather famed," Felisya hinted.
"Who?" Celea decided to play the game.
"Just a little-known cartographer." Felisya replied.
"You met Berrian Sahli?" Narim exclaimed.
Felisya blushed a little. Ascha looked confused.
"Yeah, I think that was his name." Vyk chimed in.

Chapter 26 | Rare Finds
It bumped under her blanket. The tome made for a poor pillow, and her neck ached from the odd position it had had to keep all through the night. Ascha had woken before anyone else, before the sun itself had awoken. The room had not even started to lighten, and she thought it was still the middle of the night, for a moment.
"I thought I was the only one who woke up this early. " Kian's words were quiet, so as not to wake anyone else. "Did you want to come see what I found upstairs?"
Ascha had forgotten.
"Sure." She stood, carefully laying the cloak she had been using as a blanket over her bedroll, and the tome.
"Are you sure you want to leave that behind? It's still rather cool this morning." Kian rubbed his arms as if to emphasize the sentiment.
"I'll be fine." Nights in her cell at the prison had hardened her against the chill anyways. She wasn't likely to notice much difference, regardless. "Lead the way."
"Right. To the top floor." Kian started to ascend the stairs, Ascha in tow behind him.
"This is where it was," Kian said as they reached the room. Their ascension of the stairs had been rather silent. At least they had been mutual in feeling that it was too early to talk much.
There it was. The cube was on the table, just as she had left it. She went to touch the metal.
"No!" Kian started.
But it was cool. Whatever had been causing its earlier reaction was no longer a consideration. The cube felt much as it looked. It was nothing more than cold, brutal, metal. Ascha looked over to Kian.
"I thought you said this was causing a fire?" Ascha thought it would be best to play as though she was ignorant.
"That's odd." Kian had come over and laid his hand on the cube as well. "I swear the heat was coming from this before. I wonder what changed."
I wonder if the cube was some sort of key, Ascha thought to herself, Maybe its proximity allowed me to open the room? Aloud she said, "Well, it appears inert now. It doesn't look like it's likely to do anything. But, regardless, let's take it downstairs and show it to the others."
"I guess so." Kian grabbed the cube and they headed down to the main level.
The smell of katcha brewing wafted up the stairs. The smell got stronger the closer they got. When they arrived, everyone else had already gotten up. Celea was cooking something gruel-like. Without Kian's help, it appeared that breaking their fast would be less appetizing than usual.
"We were wondering where you two ran off to this morning." Narim's statement asked a question as much as it made a statement.
"Oh, sorry. We didn't mean to alarm anyone," Kian mumbled.
"Kian found something interesting on the top floor. Show them, Kian." Ascha nudged him lightly. He placed it on the table in front of them, plainly visible to everyone.
"Okay, so it's a cube. A metal cube. It doesn't look so special to me." Felisya had a hard time containing her enthusiasm.
Fial picked up the cube, turning it over in his hand.
"So, why did you want us to see this?" Vyk asked.
"Moreover, why was it so special that you needed to go and show it to Ascha first thing in the morning?" Narim was trying to allow her gruel to slide off the spoon. Instead, it just stuck. A full bowl had appeared in everyone's hands as the cube was being investigated. The gruel appeared to have the same consistency in the mouth as it had on Narim's spoon, though. Even her own work seemed to have glued Celea's mouth closed. Either that, or she did not have much to say.
"I guess it all seems rather silly now, but I could have sworn this thing was heating up." Kian somehow found a way to laugh. "It's cold to the touch now though. It doesn't look like it will be starting any fires. I just thought it was a good idea to show it to everyone, now that it's safe to handle, that is."
"Okay then. Well, thanks for showing us." Vyk's thanks sounded oddly like a question.
"Well, the Saith is about sharing odd things we find, I thought. After all, we're supposed to be exploring and expanding our knowledge here, aren't we? Isn't that why we all came together?" Kian asked everyone. Ascha's eyes flitted over to her cloak for a moment, and the tome hidden beneath it.
"Exactly, Kian. Thanks for bringing it down. It doesn't look as though there is much we can do about it now, though. But we should keep an eye on it, nevertheless, in case it starts behaving oddly again." Narim continued, "Fial, can you make sure that thing goes into a fire-safe place? I don't want us all burning down in our sleep, since it has a history of heating things up."
Fial nodded, placing the cube in a ceramic dish.
"Well, that's settled. What shall we all be doing today?" Vyk looked expectantly at Narim.
"I forgot, you and Fel haven't been here. Fial and I are working on one of the rooms that appears to be a laboratory upstairs. We haven't found much yet, just equipment that might be useful, once it's cleaned up. I'm not sure what Kian and Celea have been up to. And I believe that Ascha is still working on the library. We thought she had found an interesting book earlier, but it turned out to be nothing."
"So, it doesn't sound like you have assignments for us, then. I can always help Ascha in the library, if no one needs me for anything else." Fel looked around. "Well, I guess that's settled then. Ascha, I'll be helping you in the library." Ascha tried to look grateful for the help.
"I guess that leaves me to help Kian and Celea with whatever they are doing." Vyk smiled grimly when Kian and Celea exchanged looks.
"What have you two been up to the last couple days?" Narim was curious now.
"Oh, nothing really." Celea hedged.
"It's not important." Kian tried to remain strong underneath the scrutiny of the group. "Fine. I guess we might as well tell them what we've been up to." Celea sighed, obviously annoyed that Kian had caved.
"Fine. When we were in the Kirike, Kian and I had heard of a rumor. We've just been trying to see if there's any truth to it, that's all," Celea stated.
"What rumor?" Vyk pressed.
"Well, it doesn't really matter, since we haven't found anything, now does it?" Celea directed her response to Vyk.
"Really nice, Celea. We don't need to make anyone mad." Celea glared at Kian's admonition. Kian addressed everyone, as he continued, "Something is supposed to be hidden here, at the Steeple. It's supposedly very powerful, full of arcane spells and magick."
"You're not talking about the Tome of Reckoning, are you?" Narim asked, cutting Kian a little short.
 "Yeah, that's the one," he responded.
"Well, while I don't like that you and Celea have been sneaking around, hoping to find something without sharing it with the rest of us, I do have to admit, that I heard that rumor, too. It may have been part of the reason that I wanted to come to the Steeple." Narim turned to Ascha. "You haven't said much. Have you found anything in the library that leads you to think that there might be some truth to the rumor?"
Ascha shook her head, pressing her lips together firmly.
"Just that one poetry book that I thought might have some magick to it. But you heard what happened when I showed it to Celea. It's no secret that not much came of that book."
"Right, well. Leave that book for now, I guess. You and Fel can see if there is anything else in the library. It seems like this is the Saith's mission now. It's best if we all have some sort of purpose. It sounds like Vyk, you're with Kian and Celea, unless you want to help Fial and me as we polish glass upstairs. Speaking of which, Fial, I'd like to explore the grounds a bit outside today. I want to see what plants are available to us, and this seems as good a time as any to harvest. Many of them might be in bloom right now." Narim must have decided her words were final, as with her last utterances she started to head upstairs.

***

Fel and Ascha were working in the library when Celea came in.
"What do you think of Kian?" Celea asked Ascha.
"That's what I love about you Celea, you're so blunt." Felisya stated the obvious before finding something to look at in the opposite corner of the room.
"What do you mean?" Ascha was pretty sure she knew what Celea meant, but didn't want to encourage the conversation. Maybe playing ignorant would dampen Celea's curiosity.
"You know what I mean." Celea's tone made it clear that Ascha's tactic wasn't going to work. Celea may have been younger than Ascha, but she wasn't so young that she couldn't spot false ignorance, or so young that she was afraid to call Ascha out on it.
"I mean, he certainly seems to like you. Is it mutual?" Celea continued. Ascha wondered why Celea wanted to know so badly.
"I don't trust men." Ascha said simply.
"Oh. Okay." Celea was visibly relieved. Then something else occurred to her. "Women then?"
"Not really. I guess I don't trust anyone." It was Ascha's turn not to have words.
"Alright then, I'm not going to touch the psychological issues that could be behind that one." At least Celea didn't like to make things too emotional, and liked to get right to the point.
"Probably wise." Ascha agreed, eager to talk about anything else, or nothing at all.
"I agree with wisdom, in general." Felisya had found her way back, catching only the tail-end of their conversation. "So, was there anything you needed, Celea? Or did you just come to ask impertinent questions?" Ascha was silently thankful for Felisya's help.
"Oh, yeah, I was also coming up to tell you guys that food is almost ready. I don't know if you noticed, but it's starting to get dark out there. I don't know about you, but I'm as hungry as a beast." Celea turned and left, without waiting for them to follow.
"Thanks for letting us know," Fel called to the empty doorway. She and Ascha finished what they were doing and headed downstairs.

Chapter 27 | Guarded Again
She was running out of places to hide it. Ascha couldn't trust it to be left under her pillow, and it was starting to get conspicuous when she wore her cloak all the time. She had been asked about it a few times, and by more than one person, at that. The tome had peeked a corner from under her cloak more than once, and she knew it was only a matter of time before someone noticed it, if they hadn't already. 
It was a sunny day, only a few days from everyone starting the open search for the Tome of Reckoning, when it happened. Ascha was fairly sure that Fial had been the first to notice it, though he said nothing. It was when Narim noticed it that something was said out loud. Luckily, it had been only Narim and Ascha in the room at the time. Narim had taken Ascha aside and given her an ultimatum. Either Ascha would tell everyone about the find, or Narim would do it herself. Ascha agreed that it would not be good for her standing with everyone else to appear to be a sneak, so she would tell the Saith on her own. She just didn't know how, quite yet.

***

Narim clanged her eating utensil against her bowl, making a hollow, drum-like sound.
"Listen everyone. I believe Ascha has something to say." With that, she nodded in Ascha's direction. Everyone else finished the bite of vegetable stew they were chewing, and turned their eyes expectantly on Ascha. She smiled.
"Thank you. Thank you, Narim," Ascha nodded wanly. It was best to get it over with, she told herself. "Right, well, as we all know, we have been searching for something. This thing is said to be powerful, or something like that," though I have yet to find any of its more interesting secrets, Ascha thought to herself as she spoke, just spells on protection so far, and some stupid poem of prophecy that doesn't make any sense. She paused for a moment before continuing, "I guess it is easier to show everyone. No one really wants to hear me blather on anyways." Ascha turned and reached under her cloak. She had placed it on the chair beside her, covering the Tome of Reckoning, now that she had a name for it.
"How handy, you've found a book. Aren't you going through the library?" Celea cut Vyk off before he could finish teasing.
"Shush, Vyk. That's not just any book, is it, Ascha?" Celea's tone went quickly from admonition of Vyk to reverence for the tome.
"That can't be. Is that," Kian couldn't bring himself to say the words out loud for a moment, and had to start over, "is that, the Tome of Reckoning?"
Ascha nodded slowly, deliberately not looking at everyone's faces. The tones of their voices were enough right now, she didn't think she could handle seeing their expressions as well.
"I think it is." Ascha answered Kian's question quietly.
"Well, I guess we're not looking for that anymore. I guess I'll ask what's on everyone's mind. What's next?" Fel asked aloud.
"Now that Ascha has found the Tome, it looks like we need to better understand it. This tome is what we will build the Saith around. Now we are more than just a name, guys. We are a part of history. The Saith has recovered the Tome of Reckoning. But let's keep this quiet. We don't need any authorities breaking down our door." Narim spoke.
"Yeah, who are we going to tell, anyways? It's not like we get a lot of traffic around here." Vyk snorted as he jibed at Narim. Her stern stare in return silenced him quickly.
"Regardless," Narim continued to stare Vyk down as she continued, "I think we have achieved more than enough for one day. I think we should all take the rest of the evening off. Myself, I'm going for a walk around the grounds in the twilight. Should anyone care to join me, they are more than welcome. After all, tomorrow is when the real work begins." Ascha wondered what the 'real work' was.
"And the cool people can come hang out with me and my buddy Kian here for a game of cards. After all, I have a jug of something that tastes pretty good here to finish off, and I may need some help." If nothing else, Vyk certainly knew how to be merry. Vyk brandished a jug, swinging it over his head and sloshing the liquid inside around in an attempt to sway anyone that might not be sure about joining him. Ascha was about to sit down by Kian, then Narim laid a hand on Ascha's shoulder.
"Actually, would you mind coming with us. Fial and I want to make sure that the Tome remains safe."
"You know you can trust me." Even as Ascha said them, the words felt hollow. How long had she been hiding her discovery from everyone?
"I know, but still." Narim's face was calm, but resolute. It didn't look like Ascha had a way out of her bodyguards.
"Guess I could use some fresh air, anyways," Ascha nodded as she turned to leave with Narim and Fial. It looked like everyone else was planning to have fun at cards. Why did things always look like more fun when you weren't allowed to join in? Ascha shuffled the thought away for another time. At least Fial wasn't given to the gift of gab. Maybe the walk would be nice, silent, and relaxing, Ascha thought to herself.

The twilight smelled wonderful. Some scent of some unknown blossom hung on the air, being swayed around by the gentle breeze. It was the perfect amount of breeze, Ascha decided. It was light enough that it didn't make you cold, but frequent enough that the air never got stagnant.
"I love this time of day." Narim said, staring into the colors that the sky was making.
Ascha nodded.
"Why did you hide it?" Narim asked. Ascha hadn't been prepared for the change of topic so rapidly. She concentrated her eyes on the ground where she was walking.
"I don't know, really. I guess I wanted to make sure it was the real thing."
Fial's brows knit together, and Narim looked slightly befuddled. Ascha explained.
"I had found a book earlier, but when I tried to show it to everyone, it just changed back to being normal. You can ask Celea, she's the one that saw the normal book. I just didn't want to waste everyone's time, is all."
Narim nodded.
"I wish you had told me. But, oh well, we can't change the past, can we? What we need to do is consider what we want to do now. Now that we've found the book, I mean, there are a lot of options before us. Technically, we're supposed to report the finding of the Tome to the Kirike, but I'd rather not do that. At least, not at first. They'll probably just confiscate it and I want us to have a chance to look at it first."
"Well, maybe," Ascha started. But her idea had only been half of an idea, so she hadn't finished her thought.
"Maybe?" Narim prompted.
"Well, maybe we can get some ideas from the Kirike without actually, you know, reporting it," Ascha tried again.
"How so?" Narim asked.
"Maybe we can report something else, something not really important, like the cube, for instance. And if we go to T'Sala, maybe I can get into the archives, and see if I can find a little more on the Tome. I've had a few days to look at it, and well, I haven't gotten very far. I would kind of like to see what the school has on it," Ascha offered.
"Well, you do have the most experience in that place. If you think it would help, it might be a good idea. I can ask everyone in the morning," Narim agreed.
"Until we know more about the Tome," Narim continued, "I think it would be best if it doesn't leave our sight."
"By 'our', do you mean my? Because I don't plan on leaving this book any time soon," Ascha responded.
"Okay, well then, I think you should always be accompanied. Actually, I think it's a good idea that we always have at least two Saith members with it at all times."
"And here I thought I didn't have to worry about going around with a guard any more." Ascha's joke didn't sound as funny out loud as it had in her head.
They finished their walk in the same way that Fial had spent its entirety, in silence.

Chapter 28 | Trip to Another Time
When they had gotten back, the night had already fallen and darkness wrapped up the night sky like a blanket.
"Not again!" They heard Fel's jovial voice break clearly as they opened the door to rejoin the rest of the Saith in the Steeple.
They walked in to see Kian meekly scoop the dry beans they were evidently using for counters in their card game. He piled them neatly beside another mound in front of him. The night was apparently going well for him. Too bad he was only playing for dry beans that they would all end up sharing in the end. 
"It's always the quiet ones you have to be careful of," said Vyk, squinting at his opponent with more levity than seriousness. He took a swig from his jug. "Just for that last hand, you don't get to share any of this." He passed the jug to Celea.
Narim turned quietly to Fial, saying, "Best let them have some fun, if we are to leave for T'Sala tomorrow."
"Oh no. Tell me I didn't just hear that." Vyk's voice was heavy.
"Hear what?" Narim protested innocently.
Vyk looked from Ascha, then back to Narim and Fial.
"We are not leaving for that school tomorrow. That's not what I just heard."
"Well, now that that's out, yes. Yes, Vyk, we are. And now that we all know about it, perhaps we should all call it a night. It's easier to travel when we are all well-rested." After affirming Vyk's suspicion, Narim quietly walked over to her bedroll and began readying it for sleep.
“Well this just sounds like a great idea. And what happened to getting away from the watchful eye of the Kirike? Sure, let’s just go and start reporting things. I’m sure they’ll understand.” Vyk’s sarcasm hung thickly in the air.
Fel squinted over at Vyk.
"What? It's not like it's my fault." He raised his shoulders and hands in protest. “I’m in for playing another round. And drinking another jug.”
"It's not like it's my fault..." Celea mocked Vyk and strode over to her own bedroll, punching her pillow just a little bit.
“Suit yourselves. I’m certainly not heading into this without my trusty friend, here,” Vyk patted another jug. It was evident that the games of cards were over.
Everyone else decided to turn in, as well. It sounded like they all had a trip ahead of them. The sentiment, although grudging, seemed unanimous.

***

It was still dark when Ascha woke the next morning. But she was not the first. She could hear someone else rustling around, and by the whispers it was definitely more than one. She glanced over to where Narim usually slept. Her space was empty, already packed to go. She decided to do the same herself. She got up and started rolling everything so it could fit in her pack, folding the things that wouldn't fit very well and storing them in a corner for when she returned.
Ascha wasn't sure how to feel about returning to T'Sala. She didn't want to think about that now, and instead turned her mind to the task at hand. Apparently neither was anyone else, because everyone woke up and started silently packing. If anyone was worried about facing the school, they were keeping their thoughts to themselves. By quiet consensus, the Saith headed for the door as the day was breaking once everything was packed. Only enough words passed between them to verify that they packed the essentials for their journey, and that a night beneath the stars would not prove detrimental for them.
Near as Ascha could figure, it would take them two days to make the trip to T'Sala Un Sung. In her opinion, it was two days that would go by too fast. But it didn't look like they had many other options. She had been through the tome, and still didn't find the pieces she wanted. Maybe she could find some hint as to what she could do with it at T'Sala. The trick would be not letting them know that she had the Tome of Reckoning. From everything she could divine, the school had grown very fond of taking any artifacts that were discovered.
Chapter 29 | Back in School
They all looked at each other. The Saith stood in the shadow of the immense door that led onto the T'Sala grounds. The journey had been uneventful, and very quiet. A chevron was carved into the stone above it. No one wanted to be the one to knock. Eventually, Narim caved first. She rapped authoritatively on the door.
"Yes?" A voice accompanied a pair of eyes that peeked through the slot that had just been opened. It was impossible to tell anything more about who the eyes belonged to.
"Yes, hello. We have come because we have found something, an artifact of sorts." Narim's voice was calm as she spoke.
"Ah." The person shut the slot. The door slowly opened. The man was short, shorter than the shortest member of the Saith. Ascha didn't recognize the odd fellow before them.
"Follow me," he said. They did exactly that, and followed the small man along path over the outer grounds. They continued until they reached the primary building for the school proper. Celea and Kian must never have seen the place, as both of them had to remember to close their mouths more than once, due to the sheer grandness of the place. Ascha guessed that she was used to it, even though it had been a long time ago.
The odd fellow went to a woman standing beside the entrance to the main building. She had been reading something, and looked up at their arrival. Now this was a face that Ascha did recognize. Granted, it had changed some over the years. But it was distinctly still Sister Morana. Ascha didn't know what to do with these feelings from her past. She simply sighed. Sister Morana must have caught the movement from the corner of her eye, because her face changed from light annoyance to recognition. Ascha thought she may even have seen some joy in that face. Joy at seeing one of her old students.
"Ascha," was all the sister said.
"Hello, Sister Morana," Ascha replied.
"Well, I'm guessing that you know each other." Narim looked from one to the other.
"Ylen here tells me that you have found something?" Sister Morana seemed to remember herself. Ylen must have been the small fellow. Ascha forgot why she was here momentarily. They were supposed to report finding something.
"Yes. Yes, we have." Narim pulled the cube out from her pack. Ah, yes! The cube, Ascha remembered. She wondered for a moment why she hadn't reported it when she was a student here. She guessed that it just hadn't seemed important. And it had also turned out to be fortunate for them now that she hadn't. That way they didn't have to out the Tome, and it gave them a believable pretense for seeking out the school.
Sister Morana took one look at the cube before making her decision. Apparently it was important to the sister.
"You will have to meet with the High Priestess." Sister Morana's words had grown stern. It didn't seem like she would brook much argument on the subject.
"Go inside," Sister Morana's words had become gentler again as she turned to Ascha, "You will find another familiar face. She can make sure you receive an audience with the High Priestess. Ylen can take you where you need to go."
Ylen opened the door for them, leading the way.
An old woman sat behind a desk near the main doorway. It was her that Ylen approached, the Saith in tow behind him.
She couldn't believe she was still here. Ascha looked harder at the old woman, trying to see past the wrinkled surface like dried fruit that was her face. It was definitely her. Had that much time passed already? It looked as if the old woman would break, if Ascha hadn't known her better.
"Hello, Daria. Do you remember me?" The age obviously hadn't affected her mind much. Daria's eyes snapped to Ascha's face, and held it as though it were something precious and breakable.
"Of course I remember you. How could I forget you?" The old woman sighed before continuing. "So much has changed since you were a student here, Ascha. So much."
"I know. Some days I'm not even sure if I still put the same foot in front of the other." Ascha's voice was tinged with sadness. "I try not to say much, so that I don't say the wrong thing." Daria reached over and patted Ascha on the forearm.
"That is probably very wise."
"It seems that you are the woman to talk with. We all need an audience with the Chief, I mean," Ascha corrected herself, "High Priestess. We have found something that may be of interest to her." Ascha felt it best to iterate the reason for their journey before she traveled too deeply onto a path of memories.
"Of course," Daria said, getting back to business. "Of course, it is too late to seek an audience tonight. Perhaps tomorrow. Meanwhile, I will have Ylen show you all to quarters."
“Also, while I was here, I was hoping to consult the school’s archives. It has been a long time since my fingers touched the pages of the books here.” She might have the best luck if Ascha thought to ask Daria now.
“Right, well. That is not done much anymore,” Daria saw Ascha’s face fall, “but I’m sure I can get an exception for you.”
Chapter 30 | The Kirike
The next morning, Sister Morana looked at Ascha. The Saith had convened in the main banquet hall for morning repast. Sister Morana had been assigned to them as their guide.
"Ascha?" Sister Morana asked, her face perplexed. Questions that she had not asked before threatened to tumble out of her mouth. "I thought you would still be in… I thought you were still serving your sentence."
"I was. But they released me early." Ascha replied quietly.
"Ah, well, you must be happy about that."
"Very. It is good to see a familiar face. You know, someone that knew me, before…" Ascha trailed off.
"Much has changed since you left us."
"So I have gathered. What is this I hear of Kirike?"
"Ah, yes. The people of Caillte needed something. We gave it to them."
"What was it they needed?" Ascha asked.
"Faith," she continued, "They needed something to believe, something that was larger than themselves. I saw it in so many faces when I went to the larger cities, but the people didn't know how to recognize their lack."
"And now you are head of the order?" Ascha asked Sister Morana, if she could still call her that. Sister Morana shook her head.
"No, that would be High Priestess Michaeyala."
"Oh," was all that Ascha could come up with to say.
"We have kirikes dedicated to the worship of Nohtin in every city and village," Sister Morana continued unfazed, "Some even have more than one, like Boran and Albia. The institution of the Kirike really was a good thing for everyone, and the school here at T'Sala Un Sung promoted it. After all, the more people that know of Nohtin can only be a good thing, and we needed the organization. It's not like they are learning any energy manipulation or magick, or anything dangerous at these kirikes. All pursuit of magickal study is strictly regulated and goes through the school here. So many people tried to dabble in the arts on their own, and ended up hurting themselves or those they loved." Her expression was one of genuine concern. "We have no more wild wizards or witches in Caillte." She said proudly.
"I will grant you, they certainly have built a nice system." Celea assented.
"Well, hello there." The voice was slightly familiar, but still different enough that Ascha didn't recognize it until she turned around to see him.
"Tiam? Is that you?" Ascha asked, almost jumping up to hug the grown man before her. The voice was deeper now, but it still sounded like him. He laughed. It was a light and happy sound, as though all of the time in between the last time they had seen each other were wiped away.
"It's Brother Tiam, now. I thought I heard that you were here. I had to come see for myself."
Sister Morana smiled.
“Well, Brother Tiam, how did you like finally becoming a brother-in-training? I know you were always excited about that.” Ascha asked.
Tiam made an odd face for a moment.
“Oh, that good, eh?” Ascha took the cue from Tiam’s facial reaction.
“No, nothing bad. It’s just… well… he didn’t like marbles,” he amended.
"I figured you two might like to see each other again," Sister Morana said, bowing herself out of their conversation. Sometimes the woman had a real gift for knowing what would bring pure joy, a happiness that was completely free from bitterness. It was obvious that Ascha forgot her troubles for a moment. The frown that had become all-too-common on her face disappeared.
"Here, take a seat beside me. I want to hear about everything that happened while I was gone," Ascha piped in as he did so.
The two of them were lost for some time as Tiam updated Ascha. Sister Morana filled in the details that Tiam forgot. Eventually, the rest of the Saith ran out of things to say to each other, and Vyk broke into their conversation.
"Well, I don't know about the rest of you, but it is getting a little close to midday for me not to have anything on my stomach." Vyk's statement brought them all to the reality that they could use some food.
"Of course, how silly of me," Sister Morana answered. "You will not be able to meet with the High Priestess for some time. You may as well return to your quarters. I will have a repast sent in for all of you. Everyone knows their way back, I take it?"
Amidst the various nods of ascent, the Saith began to head back to their quarters. All but one. Ascha turned to the sister. Something was troubling her.
"What should I believe?" Ascha asked, when Sister Morana and she were alone.
"I can't tell you what to believe, or even what you should believe. But I do know this: there is power in belief. Whether you hold that belief or not, there is power in it. The question is, how do you intend to use it?" Sister Morana didn't seem to make much sense to Ascha, in that moment. But the woman definitely appeared to be in earnest. 
Maybe, Ascha thought she understood. Maybe Sister Morana was telling her that she needed belief, but that it didn't really matter what she believed? She felt as confused as a schoolgirl again, with the sister trying to impart a vital lesson. But how much had all of those vital lessons of her youth really helped her, now that she was an adult? Life had taught her more than her lessons ever could. At least, that was how Ascha felt now.
Chapter 31 | Passages
She saw Daria the next day, sitting behind her usual desk near the entrance.
“The High Priestess will not be available today, I’m sorry,” Daria said when she saw Ascha. Celea was with her as well, though she remained silent.
“Can I visit the archives, then?” Ascha queried.
“I don’t see why not. Do you still remember how to get to them?”
“It’s been a while since I roamed these halls, but I’m sure I can find my way,” Ascha responded. “What about tomorrow? Can we see her tomorrow, then?”
“I think I can make that happen. Be ready in the morning, and we will send someone to escort you. Please pass that on to the rest of your party for me.”
“Of course.” Ascha smiled and started to wend down the corridors. She would go to the archives by way of the quarters they had been given. She could tell one of the Saith then.

***

Fel accompanied her. She had said that she had always wanted to see the archives at T’Sala, but Ascha was fairly certain that Felisya just didn’t want to spend more time around everyone else. The quarters weren’t the largest, and no one relished the idea of having to pass the entire day in them.
“Here we are,” Ascha said.
The stone archway was significant, with the inverted chevron chiseled into it. 
"What is that?" Fel asked, pointing to the symbol carved into the stone.
Ascha forgot how accustomed she had grown to seeing the symbol of T'Sala carved into the stone over the entrance of every important or common room, or how the symbol was etched over the entrance to most buildings. 
"That is the symbol of T'Sala Un Sung. I'm surprised the rest of the Kirike has not adopted it as well," Ascha answered.
On the other side of the arch were shelves upon shelves of books. A spiral staircase led to another level, and the notched wooden cases that housed the scrolls were visible from the entrance, due to the open architecture. They didn’t have to contend with anyone else in the archives. By their luck, they had managed to be in T’Sala on a holiday. Traffic on the grounds was minimal.
“Do you have any idea where to start?” Fel’s eyes were open wide, and her head upturned at the massive amount of literature before them. Ascha had remembered how impressive it was to see the archives here for the first time.
“There,” Ascha pointed to a back corner, darker than the rest of the room. It was more of a feeling really, an instinct, but Felisya couldn’t tell. “We should start there.”
Ascha walked over to the corner and pulled a book from the shelf. It looked too old to be handled, but this didn’t seem to bother Ascha.
“Into Another Night; a collection of prophecies,” Felisya read the title aloud.
Ascha took it to the table closest to them and sat down. She opened the book, and began to read:

Forever lost. Lost light. 
She will chase Her from the world,
And all will be lost to the night.

A life more than most shall she be given,
At an incredible stake.
Find the secrets hidden,
And time shall she take.

She has but one chance,
One chance to live.
For All she must dance,
And her life must give.

Ascha didn't know what it meant, yet. But she would find out. She read the words again. She flipped to the back of the book.
“What are you looking for?” Felisya asked.
“Some reference to The Tome of Reckoning, but I can’t find any.”
“Do you want me to look for another book? I’m sure our answers aren’t going to be in the first book we try. That would be too easy.”
“You’re right, of course. Actually, could you go up to the scrolls? I think I remember there being one that chronicled all of the important magickal books and pieces of writing. It should be fairly easy to recognize.”
“Sure…” Fel started to move towards the staircase.
“You might try that side, towards the bottom. Sorry, the scrolls aren’t alphabetized, since most of them don’t have titles. The one I’m thinking of is probably one of the last, if not the last, scroll in the case. It works as a sort of index for the others.”
Felisya nodded and left to find the scroll.
She returned with it shortly, placing it on the table before Ascha. There was a stack of books before her now. Apparently Ascha had found a few more in the time that it had taken Felisya to locate the scroll. She glanced at the titles. There were Magickal Tomes: A Guide, Enchantments for This Realm, and Found Again. She was only half-way through the titles in the stack before Ascha excitedly tugged at Felisya’s sleeve. Ascha pointed to a passage.
“I think I may have found something. Here, read this,” Ascha whispered.

This Tome of Reckoning holds great secrets. But, you must this writer warn, these secrets come at a cost, cost very dear and with very few willing to part it. Though, should such a cost come to pass, it is such that the rewards within the Tome are great, and life o’erflowing and without end in this realm should be had.

“That definitely looks like something…” Felisya began.
“Did you find what you were looking for?” Daria called from the archway.
“Yes, thank you for letting me in here. I hope you don’t mind that Fel came with me.”
“Not at all, and you are welcome. I must ask you both to leave now, though. The High Priestess needs this room, and she prefers not to have company during her studies.”
“Of course. We were just finishing up anyways.” Ascha pushed aside the notion to take the book with her. It was always harder to sneak something out underneath a watchful eye. And Daria’s eye had always been that.
Chapter 32 | The Cube
“Did you find anything useful?” Narim asked as Felisya and Ascha entered the chamber.
“Yes actually, Ascha found something very useful, actual direct references to the tome in question,” Fel said as she looked at Ascha.
“If we hadn’t had to clear out for the High Priestess I would have found more. I only found enough to tell me that the Tome deserves more study.” Ascha tried to burn the words she had read into her mind, even as she was updating Narim.
“I thought you guys were back early,” Narim observed.
“Yes, Daria needed us to leave so that there would be enough room in the archives for the High Priestess. Honestly, I’m not all too sure why we couldn’t have shared the place. It’s not as though anyone else was in there,” Ascha sounded more than a little irritated.
There was a knock at the door to their chamber. Celea was closest to the door. She opened it. Sister Morana was on the other side.
“I’m sorry to disturb you, but the High Priestess can see you now.”
“Sorry? I thought we weren’t being seen until tomorrow.” Despite the assuredness with which Narim spoke, her confusion was obvious.
“Do you have the cube?” Sister Morana continued, nonplussed.
Narim nodded.
“See that you bring it. If you please, gather your people. I will be back shortly to escort all of you to the High Priestess.” Sister Morana left.
“Well, I guess it would be best to get everyone together. I will go find everyone and bring them here,” Felisya offered.
“Thanks, Fel.” Narim smiled at her friend.
Before long every one of the Saith was gathered in the girls’ chamber and they all heard another rap at the door. This time Sister Morana had Ylen with her.
“Unfortunately, I will not be able to take you to the High Priestess, as I have been called elsewhere. Ylen will show you the way to your audience. Ascha, before I go, may I have a word with you?”
“Of course,” Ascha replied, and stepped into the hall.
“I just wanted to tell you how good it was to see you again. You are welcome back here anytime. I never wanted to see you go; you are an extraordinary young woman. I have always felt that. I would be happy and privileged to call you my student again. I simply wanted you to know that.”
“Thank you, Sister. I don’t know what to say,” Ascha was at a loss. She had not been expecting an invitation back to T’Sala. It may have changed, but perhaps this was where she belonged. Sister Morana smiled a warm smile on Ascha, then left.
“This way, miss, if you please,” Ylen pulled her gently by the elbow, showing her that everyone else was ready to head in the opposite direction.
Chapter 33 | The High Priestess
They entered. All members of the Saith were present, as had been requested. Narim entered first, as their acting-leader. The room was, well, Ascha didn’t know how to describe the room, other than to say that it was cold. Maybe it was the temperature. Maybe it was the lack of fabric. There were no blankets, no pillows and no drapes over the windows. Maybe it was the lack of color. It seemed as though everything was a shade of gray. Ascha didn’t remember this room from her time her, but it certainly seemed official. The High Priestess was in the room, waiting for them. She turned to face them as they entered.
"Welcome." Michaeyala's words were warm. Ascha figured that someone in T'Sala had told Michaeyala of her presence, as the High Priestess didn't register any surprise when she saw Ascha.
Ascha looked nervously to Felisya. Out of the corner of her eye, she caught sight of Fial's imposing figure. Somehow, she found his stolid presence comforting.
"Good morn, High Priestess," Narim said formally. She held the cube out to her. Michaeyala looked at it almost reverently for a moment, before snatching it.
“The Cube of Power.” The High Priestess seemed to forget she was speaking aloud. Ascha wondered what they had done. She should have known that the way it was acting meant something.
“It has a name?” Narim said, sadness tinging her voice. Named objects were usually important. And she had just handed this one to the Kirike. She was not likely to ever see it again.
Michaeyala regained herself.
“Yes, it has a name. I myself have not known of the artifact for long. But I found references to a nearly-unending power source. This piece fits the description perfectly.”
“But you haven’t even seen it in action. How do you know that this is the right artifact?” Vyk spoke.
Michaeyala's face looked like it was about to have an expression that she rapidly covered with the proper stoicism for a high priestess. Ascha knew that Michaeyala remembered. It was too much to hope that she had forgotten how the cube had acted back when they were students together.
“Yes. You are right, we will have to do further tests to verify that this is what I think it is. But you were right to bring this here. I have been studying this piece for some time. I have been waiting for this artifact to surface.” Ascha didn’t know why Michaeyala was lying about not having seen the piece work before.
“Pardon me, I probably have no right to ask, but… what do you plan to do with the piece?” Celea asked. A little fear crept into her question.
“You are right, you have no right to ask. However, you can rest assured that I will keep this safe,” the High Priestess answered.
Ascha suppressed the urge to ask how Michaeyala had become the High Priestess. Granted, it was a new title that Ascha was unfamiliar with, but she was fairly certain she would not have voted for Michaeyala. She asked something else instead.
“Mi—High Priestess, how did this Kirike develop?”
"Events, such as those that led to your unfortunate incarceration, Ascha, cannot be allowed to repeat. All magick must be strictly regulated and over-seen by the Kirike." Michaeyala's words sounded sincere enough.
"Well that's interesting. I seem to remember a day when this wasn't how you felt." Ascha said.
"The days of when we were young girls are long passed." Michaeyala responded. Ascha looked at this woman before her. She seemed so subdued from the girl she met, yet somehow, scary. Her words were quiet, but obviously not to be argued with.
"And I have to be sure that nothing like this will ever happen again. That being said, I have come to a decision," Michaeyala continued.
"Why am I worried about what that decision is?" Ascha asked.
"The Saith cannot form. It will not be approved by the Kirike or T'Sala Un Sung." Michaeyala's words rang with a hollow finality.
"How can you possibly know that?" Narim spat out, as she struggled against Vyk's hands. Had Vyk not been there, Narim may actually have made it far enough to cause Michaeyala bodily harm. As it was, Michaeyala shied backward protectively.
"I think she means, there has not even been an official hearing of the Kirike. How can a decision have been made?" Celea worded Narim's actions more calmly.
“I have seen cases like this before. I am just trying to make you all aware of the most likely outcome. I am sorry for any pain it may cause you, but it is pain with which you can deal. This does not cut off your entire future. Even when it looks as though there is no future left, there may still be one.”
“Ironic.” Ascha thought she had whispered the word in her mind.
“I’m sorry? What was that?” Michaeyala asked.
“Oh, nothing. I just… had a cough,” Ascha fumbled, trying to mask her agitation, but failing.
"It's not my fault." Michaeyala looked at Ascha. She addressed the entire group as she continued, "The decision will be made. The Saith will not be allowed to convene or practice. And now that we know about The Steeple, we will be doing a full investigation of the place. Who knows what else is hidden there. We don’t want anyone getting hurt."
“Your concern is touching,” Ascha said bitterly. Michaeyala looked at the floor, then looked back to Ascha and smiled.
“A person can only work so hard for forgiveness, you know, before they have to start living their own life. You have had the decision of the High Priestess, and it is final.”
“Is that all?” Narim wanted to get this over with as soon as possible.
“Now that you have relinquished The Cube,” Michaeyala’s eyes flitted to Ascha, but only for a moment, before continuing, “Now that we have secured The Cube of Power here at T’Sala, and I have informed you of our stance on the practice of the Saith, yes, that should be all. Thank you, again, for your service to the Kirike, and reporting the finding of The Cube.” The group turned as one to leave.
“One more thing.”
Everyone turned back to face Michaeyala at the sound of her voice.
“Yes?” Narim said the word politely, but Ascha could swear she heard, or rather felt, Narim also intone what else could you possibly want? in the monosyllable.
“When I visited the archives earlier, I noticed something. Some rather interesting pieces had been selected. Is there anything else you have found? Is there anything else about which it is your duty to tell me?”
“No,” Narim lied smoothly. “We had best be on our way. We want to make the most of the daylight, and all. But we thank you for your hospitality and your pains. Good day, Madam High Priestess.”
Chapter 34 | A Tower in Boran
They got back to The Steeple. Everyone had a lot to say, but nobody felt like talking. As though things couldn’t get worse they had passed a troupe on the way back. It had been Irzo’s troupe. Ascha had recognized it. They had avoided the troupe, but Ascha really didn’t even feel like talking. She was even pretty certain that she had seen him from behind.
"I guess there aren't many choices left." Kian's voice came glumly.
"I wish we had known that that stupid cube was so valuable." Vyk's irritation was shared by everyone in the room.
"At least they didn't find out about the Tome of Reckoning. And I found out some more about the Tome in the archives at T'Sala," Ascha tried to sound enthusiastic. It didn't work very well.
"What shall we do now? I mean, now that we are no longer the Saith? And they know about this place now. They will check up on us here, so we can't stay." Fel stated the obvious. No one wanted to come to a decision. But they all knew that they had to come to one. Fel had simply put everyone's thoughts into words.
"Really, the only reason I think we all came here was because we weren't sure where else to go." Celea actually sounded a little meek. For thinking she had gotten away from the Kirike's watchful eye here, maybe she just felt too hounded again. Exhaustion poured from her quiet words.
"You're right. You are all right," Narim started, "we have to find somewhere else to work. It is time we told everyone about the backup you have." She looked at Fial intently, and slightly apologetically. He sighed heavily before speaking.
"I know this place. It's not much. No one really knows about it. It's just some tower in Boran. We can go there. And because it's in Boran, they won't find it very easily. The city's too big."
"And it has the added benefit of not having any mystique. It's perfect. The Kirike won't even think to look for us there." Kian sounded impressed as he spoke.
"We can't call ourselves the Saith anymore. What shall our name be, then?" Narim asked everyone, looking for their input.
"How about the Sanctum," Ascha whispered the suggestion.
"That sounds like the name of a place. I guess that we could call the place that." Kian didn't seem sure about the name.
"Maybe that would work. After all, we want them not to find us. You are right, Kian, to point out that it’s not obvious for the name of a group of people. It's kind of close to "sacred" or "sanctified." That is what I would like our work to be." Narim appeared to like the idea of the name the more that she talked about it.
"Yeah, too sacred and sanctified for the Kirike to find us. I'm all for that," Celea said bitterly.
"'Sanctum.' Yeah, I think that should work for both the group's name and the name of the place." It looked like the idea had won over Fel.
"Well, it looks like I'm outvoted. 'Sanctum' it is," Kian relented.
"So, the Sanctum is moving to the tower in Boran. We best all get some sleep before we pack and set off on our journey tomorrow," Narim stated.
Appendix A
Pronunciation
Appendix A: Pronunciation of names and titles 

The following words are the most difficult for English speakers to say. However, we are in luck in this circumstance because there is one linguist and historian from Caillte Saíocht, N’Taleah Sahli, with whom I have had the pleasure to speak. He has been generous enough to clear up many points of pronunciation and his help was invaluable in compiling this list. Any special notes appear after each word.

Ascha- AH- shah

Boran- BOHR-in

Bose’quea- bo- say- KAY- ah

Cabila- KAH- bi- lah

Caillte Saíocht- closest approximation: KAYL- tə SEE- icht
When pronouncing Saíocht hold the first vowel ee for twice as long as you would hold a regular vowel.

Celea- SELL- lee- ah

Coinnigh í- closest approximation: kin- ni GYEE
The gh sound is pronounced by holding your tongue where you would for a k or g and making a sound like an h. Hold the double consonant nn and the vowel í for an extra count.

Dínaeia Gh’Dín- closest approximation: DEEN- ay- a gh- DEEN
This word is exceedingly difficult to pronounce. As with the word above, the vowel ‘í’ sounds like ee and is held for twice as long as you would hold a regular vowel in English. The gh sound is pronounced by holding your tongue where you would for a k or g and making a sound like an h—a very difficult sound for English speakers to make. If you can’t get it, just make a hard g sound like in English gut.

Dolarum- closest approximation: doe- LAH- rum
The best way to break this down is as follows: the second syllable ar and last um receive relatively equal stress, however more than the first syllable, the o has the value in boat, the a has the value in father and the r has the same value as in the Spanish word pero or some English pronunciations of button or ladder where the middle consonant is replaced with a ‘flap D’ by rapidly touching the roof of your mouth with your tongue.

Felisya- fel- is- YAH

Irzo- closest approximation: IR- tso
The r has the same value as in the Spanish word pero or some English pronunciations of button or ladder where the middle consonant is replaced with a ‘flap D’ by rapidly touching the roof of your mouth with your tongue, and the z has the peculiar effect of being pronounced with the sounds of rapidly following a t by an s, or making a ts or tz sound.

Ituèn- it- OO- ən

Raeyan- RYE- ən

Kian- kee- AHN

Krealu- KRAY- ah- loo

Maran- MARE- in

Michaeyala- MICK- ay- ah- lah 

Narim- closest approximation: NAH- rim
The r has the same value as in the Spanish word pero or some English pronunciations of button or ladder where the middle consonant is replaced with a ‘flap D’ by rapidly touching the roof of your mouth with your tongue.

N’Dreyid- closest approximation: nd- RAY- id
Unfortunately, this word can never be authentically pronounced by English speakers, or speakers of any other known language save native speakers of Caillte Saíochtan. Luckily, however, N’Dreyid is such a ubiquitous character to Caillte Saíochtan lore that it is highly unlikely that anyone from Caillte would not know of whom you spoke if you use the above approximation. If that is too hard for you, you may drop the initial n. However, if you do this, make sure to hold the d for an extra count to help avoid confusion.

N’Sea- closest approximation: ns- AY- ah
Although the beginning sound has no equivalent in English, it is made by saying the two consonants in rapid succession as the nc is pronounced in the English word once.

N’Taleah Sahli- closest approximation: nt- ahl- AY- ah  SAH-lih
As with the previous word, the beginning sound of this name has no equivalent in English. The two consonants are said in rapid succession, with no vowel sound between them as in the English word tint.

N’Tosea- closest approximation: nt- oh- SAY- ah
See note for above.

Nohtin- closest approximation: NOE- ghtin [or NOE- tin if you cannot pronounce the first]
Here the h is pronounced like the gh from Coinnigh above. It is made by holding your tongue where you would for a k or g and making a sound like an h.

Ostrum- OH- strum 

Saith- SEETH

Quey’sea- kway- SAY- ah

Vyk- VICK

Appendix B
Glossary (including Herbs)

Following is a glossary of many of the words and names familiar to the people of Caillte.

Aklan- a tangy fruit found in southern Caillte, aklan very popular and prized in northern Caillte.

Albia- a port city in the south of Caillte, Albia is known for being a trade hub.

Amianus- a rather short plant with tiny fern-like leaves and delicate stems with miniscule white or pink flowers, amianus is known for its very light and delicate flavor.

Antea- sprite of wind, Antea is often called upon to provide clarity during times of emotional turmoil. 

Bakayla- the root of this plant is dried and roasted, then infused to make the very popular katcha drink. Bakayla is relatively easy to grow throughout Caillte Saíocht. 

Bay of Renaan- This is the bay located near the school of T'Sala Un Sung. Not many, if any, ships use the bay for trade, due to the extreme weather conditions one is required to traverse.  Traders default instead to use smaller craft on the N'Sea River, which allows them to encounter all of the populated areas along the way.

Beriak- a healing herb which is prevalent in most swampy and water-logged regions of Caillte, Beriak can be identified by its matted, moss-like appearance. Although its smell is repugnant to most, it helps cut the healing time of cuts by half or more, and scarring is virtually unheard of when Beriak is being used. 

Berrian Sahli- famed historian and linguist, as N’Taleah Sahli’s ancestor he was responsible for the most commonly used map of Caillte Saíocht up until his descendant, N’Taleah, did further cartographic work.

Brother Raeyan- provided testimony that he and Ascha were having an affair, which sent both of them to prison. Brother Raeyan was attempting to cover for his family member, Irzo, in so doing. More on the interaction between this character and Ascha can be found in the book Ascha, Book -3 of the Caillte Cycle.

Bose’quea- dryad and protector of trees., this spirit was much angered by the massive clearing undertaken by the Sanctum shortly after N’Dreyid became High Priestess. They had been undertaken in attempt to minimize rebel hiding places. 

Cabila- a potent herb with a very pungent odor, cabila is used throughout northern Caillte to flavor foods, mainly soups. It is good for digestion and is said to boost immunity.

Caillte Saíocht- the land where The Tower of Boran takes place; most often natives refer to the land simply as Caillte.

Coinnigh í- a binding spell, this spell, or blessing, is known and used in most Caillte households.

Deriak- a low-growing, matted herb, deriak is only common in the north of Caillte. Deriak is renowned for its healing abilities, when prepared as a poultice. Its flowers are so small that they are very difficult to see with the naked eye. The flowers are not used for identification, but rather the leaves and stems, since the leaves and stems grow in a very unique structure. 

Dínaeia Gh’Dín- spell used for blessing or protecting a household, one of the few old spells that has survived within the Sanctum Regime. 

Dolam- T'Sala title used to address students over ten seasons of age, when being addressed by someone of a different station or level of society.

Dolarum- Sanctum title used for apprentices who are on the path to becoming priestesses, some linguists speculate that it was actually a linguistic evolution of “Dolam”, a title used at the magickal training school of T’Sala Un Sung.

Irzo- member of a traveling troupe, and possibly a wild wizard, Irzo's relationship with Ascha caused members of the tribunal and of Ascha's school, T'Sala Un Sung, to believe that Ascha was threatening political instability. Many thought that Ascha was having an affair with Brother Raeyan, though this was not the case. Ascha and Irzo's relationship eventually culminated in Ascha and Brother Raeyan being sent to prison. More on the interaction between this character and Ascha can be found in the book Ascha, Book -3 of the Caillte Cycle.

Ituèn- a common, low-growing plant, ituèn is a ground-cover found throughout Caillte. It bears tiny purple flowers during the spring season, and has silver-green leaves that contrast nicely when it is in bloom.

Kala Rekin- a magickal prison where powers are limited by the magickal barriers built into the very mortar and stone, only those that the authorities in Caillte are afraid of are sent to Kala Rekin. Its location is kept from most maps, further limiting chance of escape. Irzo- member of a traveling troupe, and possibly a wild wizard, Irzo's relationship with Ascha caused members of the tribunal and of Ascha's school, T'Sala Un Sung, to believe that Ascha was threatening political instability. Many thought that Ascha was having an affair with Brother Raeyan, though this was not the case. Ascha and Irzo's relationship eventually culminated in Ascha and Brother Raeyan being sent to prison. More about this topic can be found in the book Ascha, Book -3 of the Caillte Cycle.

Kalarth- rare bush native to the mountainous regions of the north whose bark is highly prized for its ability to preserve food without altering its original flavor and which can only be harvested during a short window of time in the fall. 

Katcha- warm spiced drink, composed primarily of an infusion of bakayla root with regional spices. The drink is usually drunk during cooler weather throughout Caillte Saíocht.

Krealu- fellow inmate to Ascha N'Dreyid, Krealu tells Ascha the first she hears of the Book of Prophecy.

Krouak Dust- formed from ground stalks of the krouak reeds, krouak dust is a highly prized magickal ingredient. It is needed to perform moderate to high-level castings and enchantments, as well as to enter the deep meditative states required for communion with any of the gods or elements.

Michaeyala- character of legend, who was encased beneath a veil of ice atop the Tower of Boran in her attempts to help bolster its light and protect Caillte. Some speculate, however, that Michaeyala was attempting to destroy the light of the Tower, but the High Priestess N’Dreyid found her first and that N’Dreyid always kept the topmost room of the Tower so she could ensure the strength of the crystal veil.

N’Dreyid- the High Priestess of Caillte during the highest point of corruption of the Sanctum Regime, N’Dreyid does not pose a very favorable character in Caillte literature. 

N’Sea- the main river that runs south from the bay, N’Sea has many off-shoot tributaries. (See the map at the beginning of this book.)

N’Taleah Sahli- descendent of Berrian Sahli, he was a famed historian and linguist.

N’Tosea- a fire sylph, also known as a fire elemental, not much is known about N’Tosea.

Nohtin- a goddess of legend and lore that watched over the nights of Caillte, Nohtin protected the people by shedding her silver light over the night sky.

Noshberi- a woody bush that blooms in early through late spring, the blossoms then produce the berries for which the plant is named. Its shiny green leaves have a heavy scent behind them and hold their color through all seasons. Berries are almost always white, though there are rumors of a red variety that has extreme magickal potency when the berries are ground. 

Ostrum- a pastry native to northern Caillte, ostrum is a pastry filled with a combination of potatoes, cheeses, and savory spices found in the north. The recipes for ostrum vary greatly from village to village, and family to family. Recipes for ostrum have been heavily guarded as family secrets. Most families are wont to give out even the spice blends they use, let alone the recipe they use for creating the entirety of the dish.

Quey’sea- water spirit.

Raygian- with its large serrated leaves, raygian is easy-to-identify. A very pleasant tisane, or tea, is made from its leaves, and sometimes its flowers. It is often found growing near, or under, noshberi bushes.

Saith- the group formed by Ascha, Narim, Felisya, Celea, Kian, Vyk and Fial, for the purpose of pursuing the magickal arts without having to report their findings or request approval from the concurrent Kirike regime.

Selian- herb prevalent over most regions of Caillte, selian is most abundant in forest underbrush and groundcover. It is most easily recognized by its characteristic flowers which are small and five-pointed and have the appearance of stacking upon each other in a columnar fashion. The flowers are very sweet and often used to flavor food and beverages, but are also known for their magickal qualities and their ability to help induce meditative states and help the bearer focus magickal energies. 

Torrian’sey- more stem than leaf, most people from Caillte regard torrian’sey as a weed. Its small leaves and almost non-existent flowers make it easy to identify. Its spreading, prolific nature, and root system that can go up to twenty feet deep, also can make it difficult to re-locate. Once this plant has taken hold in an area, it usually does not like to let go.

T'Sala Un Sung - sometimes referred to as simply T'Sala, T'Sala Un Sung is a Caillte school for the study of the magickal arts.

Vakwood- a solid and fireproof wood, vakwood is very useful, sought after, and expensive. Vakwood requires the hand of a skilled carpenter, due to its highly toxic sawdust and the hardness of its wood, making it difficult to work with. Aside from its more practical qualities, its black and red striations make it quite beautiful and highly prized among royalty.

Appendix C
Herbal Notebook


Amianus- a rather short plant with tiny fern-like leaves and delicate stems with miniscule white or pink flowers, amianus is known for its very light and delicate flavor.

Bakayla- the root of this plant is dried and roasted, then infused to make the very popular katcha drink. Bakayla is relatively easy to grow throughout Caillte Saíocht.

Beriak- a healing herb which is prevalent in most swampy and water-logged regions of Caillte, Beriak can be identified by its matted, moss-like appearance. Although its smell is repugnant to most, it helps cut the healing time of cuts by half or more, and scarring is virtually unheard of when Beriak is being used. 

Cabila- a potent herb with a very pungent odor, cabila is used throughout northern Caillte to flavor foods, mainly soups. It is good for digestion and is said to boost immunity.

Deriak- a low-growing, matted herb, deriak is only common in the north of Caillte. Deriak is renowned for its healing abilities, when prepared as a poultice. Its flowers are so small that they are very difficult to see with the naked eye. The flowers are not used for identification, but rather the leaves and stems, since the leaves and stems grow in a very unique structure.

Ituèn- a common, low-growing plant, ituèn is a ground-cover found throughout Caillte. It bears tiny purple flowers during the spring season, and has silver-green leaves that contrast nicely when it is in bloom.

Krouak- a relatively rare type of simple reed, it grows near water and will tolerate growing in water, so long as it is not completely submerged. Krouak reeds will grow along river banks or in bogs along water edge where the water is shallow. The dust made from the ground stalks is a highly prized magickal ingredient, which is needed to perform moderate to high-level castings and enchantments, as well as to enter the deep meditative states required for communion with any of the gods or elements.

Noshberi- a woody bush that blooms in early through late spring, the blossoms then produce the berries for which the plant is named. Its shiny green leaves have a heavy scent behind them and hold their color through all seasons. Berries are almost always white, though there are rumors of a red variety that has extreme magickal potency when the berries are ground. 

Kalarth- rare bush native to the mountainous regions of the north whose bark is highly prized for its ability to preserve food without altering its original flavor and which can only be harvested during a short window of time in the fall. 

Raygian- with its large serrated leaves, raygian is easy-to-identify. A very pleasant tisane is made from its leaves, and sometimes its flowers. It is often found growing near, or under, noshberi bushes.

Selian- herb prevalent over most regions of Caillte, selian is most abundant in forest underbrush and groundcover. It is most easily recognized by its characteristic flowers which are small and five-pointed and have the appearance of stacking upon each other in a columnar fashion. The flowers are very sweet and often used to flavor food and beverages, but are also known for their magickal qualities and their ability to help induce meditative states and help the bearer focus magickal energies.

Torrian’sey- more stem than leaf, most people from Caillte regard torrian’sey as a weed. Its small leaves and almost non-existent flowers make it easy to identify. Its spreading, prolific nature, and root system that can go up to twenty feet deep, also can make it difficult to re-locate. Once this plant has taken hold in an area, it usually does not like to let go.

Special Thanks
A special 'thank you' goes out to my alpha and beta readers, and their invaluable feedback, especially my brother, Ervin Scheets III. Their interest makes it more enjoyable and possible for me to go on as a writer. 
About the Author

Born and bred with a love of language, S L Scheets went on to get a Bachelor's degree in English and Linguistics.

S L Scheets lives with their family. They spend their free time--when it can be found--creating fantastical stories, learning languages, creating artwork in all forms, gardening, and spending time remodeling their house in the Pacific Northwest of the United States of America. They are an avid gardener and wildcrafter. Their favorite use for the internet is preserving herbal, and other, lore.

Although they have been writing since they were a child, they started the stories of The Caillte Cycle when in their mid-teens, and have been writing sci-fi, fantasy, poetry and children's lit ever since.

