
LOUIE THE BEE™

The World Belongs To The Insects
by
Dave Corrick

SMASHWORDS EDITION

PUBLISHED BY:
Dave Corrick on Smashwords

Louie the bee™
www.louiethebee.com
Copyright © 2010 by Dave Corrick


All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales, is entirely coincidental.

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

DEDICATION
Louie the Bee - "The World Belongs To The Insects" is dedicated to my wife and long time companion Julie. Thank you Julie for the encouragement you have given me to write a second book about Louie the Bee.

Dave


louie the bee™

Contents:
Introduction - Includes comments by others about Louie the Bee
Chapter 1  Louie the Bee. The Story Thus Far
Chapter 2  We Rejoin the Bee Family
Chapter 3  Off to Explore the New Cave
Chapter 4  More Cave Exploring and a Very Strange Discovery
Chapter 5  Pearl Checks Out the Strange Discovery
Chapter 6  A Shocking Truth is Revealed
Chapter 7  Louie, Lulu and Pearl Plan for the Future
Chapter 8  Louie’s Idea for the Water is Revealed
Chapter 9  Water is Restored to Bluefoundland Part I
Chapter 10 Water is Restored to Bluefoundland Part II
Chapter 11 Pearl Has an Anxious Time
Chapter 12 The Insects Stumble Upon Their Origins
Chapter 13 Some Amazing Things Happen. Bluefoundland is Born
Chapter 14 Five Years On. Bluefoundland Thrives
Chapter 15 Time to Address Issues in the Human World
Chapter 16 Off to the Hauaia Islands for a Game of Golf
Chapter 17 Plans With a Sole Purpose
Chapter 18 Some Sole Destroying Plans Are Put in Place
Chapter 19 A Little More Sole Searching to be Done
Chapter 20 No Longer a Sole Around
Chapter 21 Another Job to be Done
Chapter 22 Louie and Lulu Do a Fine Job
Chapter 23 It's Christmas and Time to Say Goodbye

Introduction
Some comments by others who have read the first book. "Louie the Bee: the Insects Prevail:

“This is an outstanding book and I enjoyed reading it."  Bob Harvey, QSO, JP. -  Mayor Waitakere City Auckland New Zealand

"It was a great read, and certainly had some good messages for a better quality of life.  I'm really impressed that you've had such a great idea, then been able to carry it through to fruition - it's a great achievement."

"Here is a fabulous product and I am sure it would make an excellent film by Pixar or DreamWorks as an animated children's' movie that adults will enjoy too."

"I love Dave's book. I bought it from Barnes & Noble on the Net and am delighted with the larger print. Right away I was chuckling over the adaptations to the world of insects, and it has kept me captivated as the stories unfold.  What an imagination, and so much solid technological facts as well."

"I love the 10 Ants, the Nest Cafe, Fly TV and KGB; the smell phones, TG Tips tea, and FONY & the gaptops.
I have yet to look up the piezoelectric effects concerning quartz. I'm like Louie, not being good at science, but boy, I am really impressed with Dave’s endeavours and the success of being published." 

"Louie The Bee introduced me to a world of characters that live by their courage, humour, determination and thoughtfulness. The stream and bush setting of the story captured my imagination and carried me to a world that I was sad to leave. The detail of the story line is amusing, exciting and at times touching and sensitive.
From chocolate cake with red wine to where a community respects and lives by the true values in life. This - the story of “Louie The Bee” is a great read and one that I did not want to end."

About this book:

Louie the Bee: "The World Belongs to the Insects" is the second book about Louie. The story follows on from "The Insects Prevail" where Louie learnt that the insects can have great influences on the human world.
Louie the Bee is a story for mature readers with a sense of humour and compassion for others. In some ways it is a modern version of "Robin Hood" in that those affected by greed and dishonesty, find Louie and his compatriots to be a means of gaining retribution against the perpetrators. Woe betides anyone exploiting others!
If you are one of the many in this world who have been "ripped off" by others (this includes myself - the author), you will find great satisfaction in reading chapters 15 to 23! You will perhaps come away with a feeling that maybe, just maybe, in the end justice does prevail and that there is some truth in the saying "If you live by the sword you die by the sword" - hmmm - so be good you lot out there!  
In the earlier part of this story, Louie and his friends discover an unbelievably amazing place to live. Also find out how the insects relate to the ancient Egyptians and even perhaps how we as humans evolved! - It's a magic story. 
For those who have not read "Louie the Bee: The Insects Prevail", the reader is brought up-to-date in Chapter One.

For further information feel free to visit www.louiethebee.com


Louie the Bee - Chapter 1
Louie the Bee. The Story Thus Far.
(For those who have read "The Insects Prevail", please feel free to go straight to Chapter 2.)

We take you back in time, nearly three years to when we first learnt of Louie in "The Insects Prevail":  This is how it was for the first years in those simple times.

.....When we first met Louie, he was an important member (and still is) of an insect community that resided along the banks of a stream. The stream could perhaps be described as being just a little smaller than a river - making it plenty wide enough for ducks and other water birds to come and go from. In parts it ran still and deep, in others it chattered and babbled over rocks and shingle as it wended its way north and ultimately on to the sea. Near to Louie's home, the stream flowed through bush lined banks, alongside a road, through reserve land and onto a village a couple of kilometres away. 
The stream described (where Louie lived) was probably a typical scenario that could be found in many places. However it needs to be pointed out that this stream was no ordinary stream; it had a unique property. The stream we are talking about was in a small country of temperate climate located in the southern hemisphere of Planet Earth. The land was created millions of years ago from up-thrusted sediments rich in volcanic debris.
In the beginning (those millions of years ago) subduction of crustal plates produced protrusions of now extinct volcanic activity, up through the raised sediments. The stream in this story starts high in hills to the west of this land from one of these protruded volcanic formations. The water for all streams in the area comes from deep underground sources and has high concentrations of colloidal minerals. One of these minerals is Mellennium, an element yet to be discovered by humans. 
All insects along the stream naturally consume the water from the stream together with small amounts of Mellennium. Mellennium has the property to block the genetic ageing processes within the body cells of insects. This means that insects living along the banks of the stream live way beyond normal insect life spans, in fact up to 100 years! Hmmm, taking this all into account Louie was a bee of the bumble variety and was, at the beginning of the story, about fortyish!
The insects living along the stream lived in a civilised society and of course still do today. They are kind to one another. To be simplistic and appreciate the general idea, dragonflies don't eat moths and birds don't eat insects. In effect, here we have a society where there is genuine care for one another, it is a society that lives in a manner that humans probably should, but don't. The insects don't know the meaning of the words greed, crime or dishonesty.
Additionally, in this ideal society, the insects never get sick. Let's face it, when was the last time you saw a bumblebee with a cold, flu, toothache or even mild ailments such as dandruff for that matter! The insects don't "get" arthritis, have heart attacks, or require knee and hip replacements, or any of the other "replacements" that humans need. Yes, maybe the only thing we can conclude is that the food they eat is as nature intended. Hmmm, I wonder. But just think of it, what a wonderful life, never ever getting sick until age takes over, and then it is time to go.   
Louie, in these early times, lived on his own in a house he made for himself using empty honeycomb filled with clay. It was of an environmentally friendly construction and was situated just back from the stream on the west bank. The house was (and still is) surrounded by ferns, and bush. Nearer to the stream, just below Louie's house; mingled with the surrounding bush, are elfin daisies, dandelions and other wild flowers that make the home of Louie the Bee a delightful place to be.
Inside Louie's house is a wood stove, in front of which on cool evenings (back in those early times) he would sit alone to keep warm, and on which he may have cooked his tea. At the back of his house, under the eaves, there was always a ready supply of neatly stacked pieces of dry bracken that Louie used as firewood. In a jar on a shelf above the stove there were boxes of Beehive matches (what else?) that Louie used to light the fire. To one side of the stove there was always a neatly stacked pile of Fly Paper that Louie used to start the fire in his stove. 
For lighting, Louie used beeswax candles that gave a soft yellow illumination. It was a beautiful place to be on a cool evening - just sitting in front of the stove in the flickering light of the candles. The almost incense fragrance of wood smoke from the stove indeed made it a very comfortable and special place to be.
On warm evenings Louie would relax outside on a deck that extended out to the front of his house and overlooked the stream below. Sometimes he would sit here on his deck "ferniture" (made from ferns) until the sun had disappeared in the west and there were stars above, then he would head off to bed ready for another day.
Louie owned and operated a business known simply as "The Factory". It was located in a disused shed that belonged to a Mr McFarland. Louie's business provided a cleaning service for the community. The cleaning work carried out by Louie at the Factory was the means by which insects such as beetles, cicadas, ladybirds (as a few examples) maintained such beautifully coloured and glossy bodies. Similarly moths and butterflies of many varieties were groomed immaculately to show their delicate feathery wings to the very best. Mr McFarland, who was kind to insects, knew that there were lots of them coming and going from his shed, but it didn't bother him in the slightest. Mr McFarland in the latter stages of "The Insects Prevail" became Mayor of the village.
Apart from being owner operator of the Factory, Louie was also the governor of the "Reserve Bank". This bank was called the Reserve Bank simply because it was "a Bank" and it was located on the aforementioned reserve land nearby to the stream. The Reserve Bank employed a chief teller Arnold (a middle-aged bespectacled stick insect) and three junior tellers (money spiders). The Reserve Bank was built some time ago by a company of the name Sparrow Construction Ltd. A lot of the work was subcontracted to White Ant Excavators Ltd who put together the fine looking building using sun-baked clay bricks. Sparrow Construction Ltd arranged for the interior to be fitted out beautifully, with rose-wood appropriately polished with beeswax. Below ground, underneath the Reserve Bank, were the vaults - a series of tunnels and storage rooms expertly crafted by White Ant Excavators. 
While we are discussing the Reserve Bank it is appropriate to give a brief explanation of how the monetary system operates in the insect community. The exchange medium is honey rather than money. Honey value is measured in dollops and scents. A dollop is self-explanatory; a scent of honey is one hundredth of a dollop. So when Louie heads off for a long flight, the cost of fuel can be as much as two dollops and fifty scents. Strangely enough, deposits in the Reserve Bank lose interest rather than gaining interest over a period of time! At times, when there is a risk of the stream flooding. It can be that Louie seriously has to think about the possibility of floating the dollop!
From what has been described so far, it can be seen that initially Louie led a relatively simple life. He lived alone, he had the Factory and the Reserve Bank to look after and that was it. Deep down Louie was a very lonely bee and at times he would sit on his deck, watching the stream below drift past and wonder what life was all about. Louie had had some sadness in his life, he no longer had any family, his parents had died, Louie never talked about his past.
Louie's life changed dramatically when he married a bee (also of the bumble variety) called Lulu. Through marrying Lulu, Louie gained in confidence. Life for Louie was suddenly exciting, the story changed from a "warm fuzzy" existence by the stream to one of intrigue, mystery and drama. It was a gradual change but eventually Louie, became a truly strong and assertive bee. He was ultimately leadership material for the whole streamside community.
Lulu, the bee that really changed Louie's life, arrived when she had pleaded and appealed to Louie for a job at the Factory. Sadly her family had been lost in a scrub fire some way up the stream. Secretly, Lulu had also appealed to Louie, not that Louie would ever have admitted this, but he took her on to assist him with "the books". Lulu was good at bookkeeping and as Louie was always losing "the books" it was quite appropriate for him to employ someone who could actually keep them and not lose them! 
Lulu was a very patient pretty little bee. She always wore a beautiful pink ribbon about her head. When Lulu had first arrived; in order to remedy the things Louie had been a little remiss about, she spent quite some considerable time running over the books with Louie. By the state of the books, one might have thought they had been "run-over" already. Be that as it may, the time these two spent together ultimately led to a very touching romance and they were married several months later in the spring.
At Christmas time (the same year that Louie and Lulu were married) the happy couple adopted two small bees. The original mother of the two small bees had tragically been killed along the road to the village by a passing car. Louie and Lulu named the two little bees Tiger and Lily. The fact that these two little bees were very much loved, helped bring Louie out of the complacency he'd had about life itself. He took more notice of what was going on around him and recognised within himself that there needed to be, and there was, a strong desire to protect Lulu and his children at all costs. Yes, as touched on previously, Louie's marriage to Lulu changed him from being a bit of a duffer to a very strong and loveable bee.
Having now provided some insight as to what Louie's life was like in earlier times, it is now time to introduce some other characters you should know about. Firstly we shall introduce Pearl Baker-Moth. 
Pearl is the Queen of the insect community and a long time friend and associate of Louie's. Pearl lives in a streetlight that has been set-up as her apartment. Yes it is an apartment "fit for a queen", with floor to ceiling windows, central heating and magnificent views out across her Queendom (the stream). Pearl is an incredibly beautiful moth and befits royalty with her resplendent feathery green wings and immaculately curled feelers. Her eyes are like emerald green jewels that flash and portray the inner strength and courage she has. If it hadn't been for the vigilance, courage and determination of Pearl Baker-Moth, the streamside insect community could have been destroyed on numerous occasions.
Pearl is a very intelligent and learned moth. Due to her cleverness and ability to know about things, it is realised that electromagnetic radiation passing through her apartment when the streetlight was on - "conditioned" any insect that was present to have unique abilities. These abilities related to some strange properties of crystal quartz that Louie discovered. We will discuss the quartz shortly. 
Another two very important members of the streamside community are Virgil Blue and his wife Virginia. Virgil and Virginia are a pair of magnificent, large blue dragonflies. They own and operate Virgil Blue Airlines and have a hangar for their operation a short distance upstream from Louie's place on the west bank. Virgil and Virginia carry passengers as well as goods. Goods are carried in containers they strap beneath them that are made out of fine woven dried grass, cemented together with the glue bees use to make honeycomb. Yes these containers are of a strong, light, "fibregrass" construction, just ideal for air transport. Virgil and Virginia also have a fleet of twenty wasps that carry airmail and act as taxis for the non flying members of the community.
Some very happy little creatures that you should know about are the "Ten Ants". They all work at the Factory for Louie. Louie has names for them. The names reflect the nature and personality of each ant:

1) Combat (ant) a bit of a hot head.
2) Defend (ant) good at Kung Fu.
3) Depend (ant) totally reliable.
4) Expect (ant) always hoping for more.
5) Import (ant) essential to have around (the supervisor).
6) Inform (ant) quite knowledgeable.
7) Flatul (ant) likes eating cabbage.
8) Resist (ant) never does as instructed.
9) Ignor (ant) never gone to school.
10) Deodor (ant) needs to take a bath.

The Ten Ants are faithful and likeable servants who will do anything to help Louie (and Lulu). They played an integral part in assisting Pearl Baker-Moth with the magnificent wedding that Louie and Lulu had at Virgil Blue's hangar. On occasions Louie arranges for Virgil Blue to fly with the Ten Ants aboard, for a trip away on a picnic, or maybe a day or two away at the "cave". We will talk more about the "cave" after we have addressed a few more things you need to know about.
There are many creatures who live in the streamside community that we haven't time to deal with here. However there is one more that we should introduce and that is Rose. Rose is a kind, patient and gentle, middle-aged person-bird (politically correct term for a ladybird) who lives with the Bee Family and looks after Tiger and Lily. Rose originally came to Louie looking for help and advice, yes her partner had run off with a younger person-bird, such is life. At that time Louie needed someone to help around the house and took her on. Over time Rose became a very important member of the Bee Household and progressed from assisting with household chores to eventually becoming the governess for Tiger and Lily. She looked after the two small bees when Louie and Lulu were away. It should be noted that Tiger and Lily could be quite mischievous at times, and needed someone like Rose with patience and understanding to not only look after them but educate them as well. I suppose in some ways, Rose's role could be defined to be that of a "beekeeper"!
Something else that needs to be mentioned is that beside the stream is a cafe where the community meet to eat and relax. Louie, Lulu and Pearl frequently meet to celebrate things achieved or discuss plans over a meal. The cafe looks a little similar to an upturned bird's nest, which in effect is exactly what it is, except much larger. It was built by Sparrow Construction Ltd and because it looks like a bird's nest it is simply called the Nest Cafe.
 The Nest Cafe is run by Basil and Sybil, two preying mantises. Many person-birds scurry about and wait on the tables. Delicious meals are served. Breakfast is a favourite with spider eggs that may be served poached, scrambled, sunny-side up, sunny-side down, over easy or as omelettes. Gum leaf toast with lashings of dandelion milk butter is a favourite of Pearl Baker-Moth's.
The Nest Cafe is a cool place to be. In the evenings a jazz band plays for patrons while they eat and relax in the romantic light of flickering beeswax candles. This band is led by a cool dude of the name Bluie Armstrong, a middle-aged bluebottle fly who wears sun glasses even when the sun isn't shining. It is believed that Bluie's father was a weightlifter, hence the name Armstrong. Bluie plays sax, accompanied by Beetle Harris on base together with five cicadas on clarinet and flute. There is also a vocalist - some fella Fitzgerald!
While we are discussing the cafe, a favourite food of the insects, that we touched on earlier, is chocolate cake and red wine. These two commodities are obtained, or rather "borrowed permanently", from the village. However nobody in the village minds or even notices because such small quantities are involved. Actually chocolate cake and red wine is recommended as being rather delicious, try some sometime! Louie also makes a fermented honey-nectar mixture that could almost be described as a sort of mead. Louie's fermented honey-nectar is a favourite of the Ten Ants.
We digress. The area around the Nest Cafe is quite a community gathering point. Alongside there is a supermarket. Within the supermarket building there is a medical centre where the resident doctor is an Asian Paper Wasp by the name of Sum Ting Wong. Virgil Blue also has a travel centre here known as the "Fright Centre". It is believed to be so named because Virgil's passengers travel on the outside of the aircraft rather than on the inside! 
The legal firm "Moore Payper and Staff" is also located within the supermarket building. I suppose because most of the clients that Moore Payper and Staff serve live in the thick vegetation along the stream, the legal team could probably be aptly described as "Bush Lawyers"! 
Just one other thing, another possibly useless piece of information, in the centre of the supermarket is a vertical post protruding up above the roof. On top of this post is the "Post" Office. This is where Virgil's fleet of twenty wasps deliver airmail to and from. 
Behind the Nest Cafe, just back from the stream is a large hotel that was built by a company known as Beehive Apartments Ltd. Beehive Apartments are specialists in prefabricated honeycomb construction techniques. Initially the hotel was built for the express purpose of accommodating the guests arriving for Louie and Lulu's wedding. Subsequently though, it has been very useful for Virgil Blue and his airline to have accommodation for tourists close by to where he operates. 
The name of the hotel is rather interesting, Louie named it. Louie thought that because the stream at the point where the hotel was built just "babbled on" past and down to the village, the hotel should be called "The Hotel Babbleon". Well done Louie!
At the time The Hotel Babbleon was built, while the contractors were onsite, the opportunity was taken to refurbish the Nest Cafe and add a new bar. With the addition of the bar more was "built-on". Because of this Basil and Sybil felt the new bar should simply be known as the "Builtmore Bar". Yes indeed, the insect community living by the stream is quite a sophisticated society by all accounts.
Moving on to something quite different, some of the technology the insects use needs to be explained. For communication purposes the insects have what are known as "smell phones". This amazing piece of technology was developed by the fly community who are well known for their ability to smell anything from miles away. Taking this ability and technology further, the smell phone was developed so that messages could be instantly transmitted by smell waves through the ether via the smellular network. The insects in Pearl Baker-Moth’s Queendom use these insect only capable devices for communicating and texting messages. Texting in the insect world can be extremely fast using all six legs at once! The Company of young and clever flies that developed this amazing technology, (Fly Odours Near You Ltd and now known as The FONY Corporation) also developed Fly TV of which Pearl Baker-Moth has one as do Louie and Lulu.
It should be noted that smell phones work on a "Windows" based system, yes open ones. If windows aren't open, stray odours in a room can cause calls to end up anywhere!
FONY also developed computers for the insect world. These are known as "gaptops" rather than laptops as they are known in the human world. This is because for an insect they sit in the "gap" between the thorax and the abdomen rather than on the lap. Similar to smell phones these gaptops can connect to the internet via the smellular network, again on a "Windows" based system, yes you guessed it, open ones!
We touched on it earlier and there is reference to it in the next chapter - the cave where the insects love to go for picnics and overnight stays. This cave looks out over the sea from high up on vertical cliffs far to the west of where the insects live. The distance to the cave from where the insects live by the stream, is a little under two hours flying time. On the way there is a beautiful waterfall. At the top of the falls, where the water emerges from the hills, the insects can enter and fly through openings in the rock and along ancient lava tubes to the cave we are referring to. The openings and lava tubes the insects fly along, are lit by myriads of glow-worms, it's pure magic. The cave where they stay is a unique, beautiful place where no human can go.
An important facet of the story was the accidental discovery by Louie of some very unusual properties relating to crystal quartz at the end of a disused tunnel. The tunnel was originally intended to be used as emergency access to the Reserve Bank. It had been decided to build the tunnel after a gang of spiders had tried unsuccessfully to gain access to the bank and steal the dollops and scents. The staff at the bank had been put in some danger at the time. Pearl Baker-Moth, as Queen and protector of the community, felt that it would be prudent as a safety measure, to build the tunnel. 
White Ant Excavators, who had been commissioned to construct the tunnel, had to stop work when they encountered a huge slab of hard crystal quartz that extended deep into the ground. Eventually the operation was abandoned leaving an apparently useless but beautiful piece of tunnel. It had been expertly lined with clay mortar and pointed to look like bricks. The tunnel went nowhere apart from ending after a comparatively short distance at a solid quartz crystal face. It was Louie who then later found that when he went close to this quartz face, it glowed a pulsing electric blue, initially it frightened him. 
It was subsequently discovered that this "glowing blue" business happened only with those who had been "conditioned" by the electromagnetic fields present in Pearl's street- light apartment (that is when the streetlight was on). Curiosity on the part of Pearl Baker-Moth led to the initially frightening discovery that the three could go back and forth "through" the quartz, from the tunnel to the village! The point where they emerged in the village was an external façade of crystal quartz at the village bank. This façade had been originally quarried from the same quartz that had been found at the end of the disused tunnel. It was all very strange but it was quickly learnt that the ability to go through the quartz gave the three insects extraordinary powers. 
To elaborate further, once having gone through the quartz to the village, Louie, Lulu and Pearl found they had transformed into a translucent blue nymph like form. In the changed state they had the hands and legs of a human and they had large blue wings. An important thing was they were totally invisible to humans and were free to move about and do things without being seen. 
Pearl, who as we have already stated, was indeed a very clever moth, found the answer as to how and why things happened the way they did. This business with the quartz related to the piezoelectric effect inherently present when crystal quartz is under pressure. The theory is of course explained in some detail in "The Insects Prevail". However as a brief summary, what Pearl had surmised was that the electric fields present in the quartz changed the insects DNA and caused a partial transfer to the human form - this was the blue nymph state. This partial transfer (halfway state between insect and human) enabled the insects to then merge with humans, simply by extending two clenched fists and "moving in" to their host. It was then a complete transformation and the host could be controlled and made to do as the insects wished. It proved to be a tremendous find as they could use this ability to protect the streamside community from human interference. 
Apart from the merging process it was found that living things could be moved back or forward in time with the simple clenching of a fist. It was like this, if a fist was clenched tightly, the resulting pressure produced a bright blue aura about the respective fist. This blue aura, if it came in contact with a living thing, moved it forward or back in time! - left fist back in time, right fist forward in time. 
A couple of other things you should know about that relate to when the insects were in the blue nymph form: one; large weights could be lifted effortlessly and two; the insects could fly fast and to great heights. Yes it was truly amazing!
As Louie, Lulu and Pearl learnt more about their mysterious powers, it indeed became apparent that they could take on the world to fight greed and corruption and make what was wrong, right. This was truly demonstrated when a disastrous village council water pipe project (that would have destroyed the insects' world) was stopped. Another was when discharge of effluent from a dairy farm into the stream, was prevented; then ultimately due to some cleverness on the part of Pearl Baker-Moth, the entire village council of corrupt councillors was replaced! 
Of all the abilities and powers the three insects had, the greatest was the ability to merge with and control any human they chose. Our intrepid friends used this ability, not to exploit humans; it just wasn't in their nature to do so. No in the main, this ability was used to merge with humans in the village library, where while merged with their "host" they could gain tremendous amounts of knowledge by the simple act of researching and reading books! The three insects, with a thirst for knowledge, quickly gained an insight into all facets of human life and what Planet Earth was all about.
This business with the quartz and transformations may sound a little complicated and even far fetched! Please bear with the concept, familiarity breeds acceptance! You will find in later chapters just how amazing it all is and how indeed eventually - The World Belongs To The Insects - the title of this incredible story. Believe me, this is not some weird science fiction story, it is very real and very much a story of compassion and the truly worthwhile things in life.
As a final note before moving on, and to perhaps add a little more perspective and depth to what we have learnt up until now. It is ever present in the minds of Louie, Lulu and Pearl that humans at any time may destroy what the insects have. An example is that some distance away from the village is a large city. This city is sprawling ever closer to where the insects live. Unless something can be done; eventually, it will be a threat. The village will inevitably be engulfed and the area where the insects live, destroyed. The question is, do the insects need to find an alternative place to live, or do they stay where they are and defend themselves - maybe it will be a case of both - read on and all will be revealed. 
The insects potentially face many threats and they can deal with them by using their powers. More importantly though they have the ability to do great good in the human world, especially to give those victimised by greed and corruption a means of obtaining retribution. In summary the ability to do good, propagate values (devoid of greed and corruption) and make Planet Earth a better place, is what Louie the Bee is all about.

Louie the Bee - Chapter 2
We Rejoin the Bee Family.

When we were last with the Bee Family (the final chapter of "The Insects Prevail"), winter was just approaching. It is now early spring and more than two years have passed. The Factory has been working two to three days a week. There is increasing demand for services by streamside insects as they feel the need to make themselves look presentable for the coming spring and summer months. 
Life for the Bee Family and all the insects living along the banks of the stream has been peaceful. Thanks to what Pearl Baker-Moth (with the assistance of Louie and Lulu) had achieved with the village council two years previously, there had been no threats to the streamside community from land developments, pollution or other such nonsense. Yes with Mr McFarland now as Mayor, ably assisted by five honest and honourable councillors, the council administration had the village interests at heart, and the stream where the insects lived remained unthreatened and unchanged.
With what had happened over two years ago, when the stream environment was nearly destroyed, and the dread of such things ever happening again, Louie, Lulu and Pearl had made a pact amongst themselves that they would be ever vigilant about what was happening in the human world, and be ready for action should any more such threats eventuate. In order to do this, the insects had to learn about the human psyche and how the human world operated. Yes Louie, Lulu and Pearl had spent many days over the past two years, through the quartz at the village library, merging with humans and learning as much as they could about exactly that. Rose looked after Tiger and Lily if their parents were away. Apart from the visits to the library, Louie and Lulu also needed to attend to the Reserve Bank and the Factory. During the winter months there was little to do at the Factory so over this period, more time was spent at the village library. 
Tiger and Lily, now two years and nine months old, are absolute delights. They are able to fly with their parents and they will do so occasionally on sunny days when a picnic along the stream might be arranged. At other times they may accompany their parents to the Reserve Bank or the Factory.
As was learnt at the very beginning of this story, the element Mellennium present in the stream enables the insects who have consumed the water to live 100 years or more. Due to the slowing of the aging process by the Mellennium, Tiger and Lily are still two very small loveable little bees that need much affection and attention from their parents. It is always a touching scene when Louie and Lulu return from being away how the little bees run to their parents and hold on for dear life.
To make life easier for Rose, Louie had built another small room onto the Bee Residence so that she didn’t have to come and go, particularly on cold winter days. Yes it was indeed a very cosy happy life at the little house beside the stream where the four bees and Rose lived.
It may be remembered that Tiger and Lily had spent a night with Pearl Baker-Moth before they arrived at the Bee’s house on Christmas morning more than two years previously. Because of this they had been conditioned by the electric fields of the streetlight. Thus they could be accepted to go through the quartz. For reasons of not wanting to put the little bees at any risk, or frightening them, Louie and Lulu hadn’t attempted to do this yet. Louie and Lulu thought that sometime in the future, maybe when they were about five years old, they would take Tiger and Lily through the quartz to the village library as part of their education. At this time of their young lives, most of their education came from their parents or from Rose. 
To Louie, Lulu and Pearl, the time spent in the village library over the preceding two years had been an incredible insight into not only the world they lived in, but in particular what was happening in the human world. For some reason when in the library and merged with a host, the trio had found they could assimilate information very quickly, no matter what the intelligence or age of their host was. As long as the host could read, the insects would come away with vast amounts of not only knowledge but text and data as well! Yes amazingly, huge quantities of data could be stored in their insect brains in multi dimensional formats - the same as computers in the human world. Initially the insects didn't realise they had the potential to store text and data. It was some time later when discussing amongst themselves what they had read; they found they could recall everything word for word! The accumulation of data process was just a case of scanning a page and it was there! Wow, imagine using this in exams! In some ways it was fortunate that information could be assimilated quickly as it meant a host didn’t need to be occupied for any great length of time and thus cause any inconvenience.
While we are talking about this amazing ability the insects had to store data; another discovery had been made quite by accident. It was found that while in the Blue Nymph form; if the right hand of one was clasped with the left hand of another, and squeezed so a blue aura was present -  recalled data would transfer to the brain of the one clasping with the left hand! In effect this "hand clasping" business resulted in a Uni-directional Shunt for the Brain. Sounds complicated, but that is exactly what it was, a diversion of data from one brain to another in one direction! To keep things simple the insects were content to simply refer to this process as a USB connection. Hmmm. Yes, all in all, it was all amazingly clever stuff!
Many a pleasant evening had been spent at the Nest Cafe discussing the implications of what the three had found relating to the human world. These sessions in the evening at the Nest Cafe were never particularly serious however as Tiger and Lily would usually be there as well. The young bees' mischievousness and loveable antics would soon take any seriousness out of the evening; that is until they fell asleep and had to be carried home on the backs of their parents!
Before the sessions at the library ever took place, the three insects, particularly Louie and Lulu, virtually had no knowledge of Planet Earth. They didn’t know what the sea was, what the sky was, what the stars and moon were or indeed how big or even what the world was. Their environment was just there and never questioned. They now had strong scientific and mathematical knowledge, but above all they had a strong sense of logic. In fact they were what could only be described as absolute geniuses with their photographic memories! 
The three of them now knew about different countries, the oceans and the names humans had given to them. They now knew of the country where they lived and of the large city that was likely to encroach on them and eventually swallow up the village and the stream. 
We need to digress for a moment and take onboard some "serious stuff" to appreciate what indeed Louie, Lulu and Pearl had learnt about the human world and what it meant to them. 
What the three had found was, that apart from the odd exception (Mr McFarland the mayor of the village was one); the vast majority of the members of the human world had no real ability to think logically or rationally. This was mainly due to being indoctrinated and brainwashed with the protocols of religion and politics. The masses were educated to adhere to what was politically correct and not what was logical. Peer pressure also stifled the ability for humans to be rational. The majority of humans seemed to be quite content to drift along grizzling and moaning about their lives and their rights in an environment of pseudo democracy. Few humans dared to seriously question the status quo, so it ended up that indeed a minority could manipulate the masses. This controlling minority were the ones who had power, money and created laws and morals for the hoi- polloi to obey, but didn't obey them themselves!
As Louie, Lulu and Pearl gained more and more knowledge, and could think objectively without being influenced by religion, politics, greed or jealousy; it gave them the formidable ability to think rationally about how Planet Earth should be maintained for future generations. The way things were shaping up, with humans hell-bent on self destruction, it would be the insects ultimately who would inherit the planet. If this was to happen, Louie, Lulu and Pearl felt that they didn't want it to be left in too much of a mess for them to clean up, the situation had to be watched and action taken as required. 
The three insects found many things that went on in the human world hard to comprehend. One thing in particular was the distribution of wealth. They thought it quite strange that generally, those humans who contributed the most were rewarded the least. This was very apparent in corporate structures and even the village council as it had been before things were rectified two years earlier. Generally there were a few parasites at the top who were grossly overpaid and contributed nothing, yet those who actually did the work were paid very little! Hmmm, very strange the insects thought. 
The fact that in the human world, a greedy few did indeed control the masses, really worried the insects. It was quite apparent that the agendas of this minority had no real concern for the welfare of the planet. Because of this Louie, Lulu and Pearl knew eventually their community would be affected again by threats similar to what had happened two years previously with the village council.
To the three insects, one glaringly obvious example of human manipulation (and there were many) was where a relatively small number of politicians and uneducated radicals had convinced the masses that the planet was facing a global warming crisis - maybe it was. But according to these manipulators it was due to the burning of fossil fuels and the production of methane. Because of the inability of the masses to think logically (and that’s the way the manipulators wanted it) mass hysteria had resulted in the belief that the planet was doomed unless these emissions were reduced. But that wasn't all. Now that the masses were convinced, the answer to this so called "problem" had been for the manipulators to set up emissions trading schemes so that those who could least afford it were taxed even more! Taxing didn't do anything to change the production of the emissions, no the burning of fossil fuels just carried on the same as before! Yes if things like this continued, where the rich became richer and the poor poorer, somewhere down the track there would be a revolt. Inevitably there would be uprisings and anarchy. Wars driven by this sort of manipulative greed, religion or politics could ultimately do great damage to the environment. The planet could end up not being fit for any life at all. No the insects did not like what they saw. Potentially it was a threat to their security and wellbeing.
Getting back to the so called "global warming" issue; as far as the insects were concerned they knew instinctively that the planet had warmed in the past without the influence of humans and that indeed Planet Earth oscillated between cold and warm periods. This was due to the fluctuating amount of energy from the sun. The insects philosophy on global warming was adapt to it and enjoy it while it lasted, it wasn’t all bad! As far as the insects were concerned there were other far more important issues humans should be addressing - such as pollution, the destruction of rain forests, over population and the disastrous belief that for economic well being, more and more production and consequent waste of the planets resources had to continue! None of these issues were being addressed. The insects wondered if global warming could even be a diversion tactic to distract the masses from thinking about the real issues, who knows? One thing was for sure, it was another excuse for revenue gathering - the taking from those who could least afford it. Humans didn't deserve to be in control of the planet.

…….before we move on, for the protection of the author, it needs to be clearly stated that the insect’s opinions and theories relating to global warming are not necessarily those of the author’s, hmmm!……. 

So as we move on with the story of Louie the Bee, although the insects felt they were safe for now, they knew that the folly of the path that humans were following would eventually affect them too. The hope that humans would self destruct before the planet was substantially damaged was probably unrealistic. No what they had to do was perhaps intervene in the human world and try to divert those who were hell-bent on destroying the planet away from their agendas.
In the meantime, before the insects could even think about tackling the human world, Louie, Lulu and Pearl now armed with vast amounts of knowledge, had much to do in their own world - as we shall see!

 …….let’s lighten up a bit now and get back to the delights of the Bee Household!

As mentioned it is early spring. It is a Saturday morning about 10.00a.m. Louie and Lulu are sitting out on the deck after having had breakfast some time before. Tiger and Lily are playing together, the sun is shining and the smell of spring flowers is returning once more after the long winter months. 
Louie and Lulu are having a casual conversation about mundane things such as Einstein’s theory of relativity, quantum physics and the aerodynamic properties of bumblebee wings. Yes indeed as we have mentioned, they are now well educated bees having spent many hours over the preceding two years in the village library. 
We mustn’t get the wrong impression here that life in the Bee Household was losing that delightful simplicity we have known. Einstein’s theory of relativity, quantum physics and the aerodynamic properties of bumblebee wings are very interesting topics as indeed they should be. However the really important things that needed to be discussed were still along the lines of how much chocolate cake and red wine might be left, or how hungry Tiger and Lily were, or even did Louie’s spider silk shorts need cleaning let alone could he even find them! No nothing had changed in day to day routines.
Being about 10.00a.m, Rose came out of the house with a cup of TG Tips (a tea made from tussock grass tips) for Louie, Lulu and one for herself. For Tiger and Lily, Rose brought some fresh dandelion milk, yum! There was some chocolate cake on the go too, so there was a friendly battle between Tiger and Lily to see who could get to Rose first! 
As usual after the consumption of chocolate cake and dandelion milk by the two wee bees, some of their yellow stripes had a distinct brown tinge! Naughty bees! However this wasn’t a serious problem. Being a lazy sort of Saturday morning; after morning tea the Bee Family moved down the little path to the stream, where Lulu gave Tiger and Lily a bit of a wash down. 
Having attended to the Tiger and Lily cleaning bit, Louie and Lulu moved to a shady spot under some elfin daisies and watched Tiger and Lily splash around at the water’s edge. Of course Tiger and Lily could fly by themselves now and there was a competition to see who could fly up then crash onto the water and make the biggest splash!
Louie and Lulu lay side by side; Louie had an arm around Lulu to pull her close. 
‘Aren’t they wonderful’, said Louie watching the antics of Tiger and Lily.
‘They are Louie, you are wonderful too, I am so happy’, said Lulu turning and looking at Louie. 
Louie squeezed Lulu in response.
At that moment Louie’s smell phone rang, it was Virgil.
‘Good morning Louie’, said Virgil. ‘I hope all is well with you two?’
‘Oh yes’, replied Louie. ‘Lulu and I are just relaxing by the stream watching Tiger and Lily play; it’s just so wonderful to feel some warmth in the sun again and to know summer is coming’.
‘Agreed’, said Virgil. ‘What I was ringing about, a couple of years ago when we were all up at the cave for New Year’s Eve, Virginia and I discovered another cave further down the cliff. We have never done anything about revisiting it. I was wondering now that better weather is with us again, if we should go and explore it. It's something I have been meaning to do for a long time but Virginia and I have been really busy. All of us could go, Pearl, you, Lulu, Tiger, Lily and our good friends the Ten Ants. What do you reckon Louie?’
‘Yes yes wonderful idea’, Louie replied. ‘When do you reckon we should go Virgil?’
‘I think today week, next Saturday would be good', said Virgil. 'Bookings for the tourist season haven’t really started yet so it would be good to go now while it is quiet. I haven’t spoken to Pearl or the Ten Ants; perhaps you could do this and get back to me Louie?’
‘Right’, said Louie. ‘Assume that it is all go and I will let the others know’.
‘Thanks Louie’, said Virgil sounding excited. ‘As usual get all the gear you need to take, here at the hangar by Friday’.  
Virgil paused for a moment then said. ‘Tell you what Louie, let’s stay three nights at the cave and come back on Tuesday morning. Would you and Lulu be OK with the Factory being closed for a couple of days?’
‘We will arrange it Virgil, we are not at full production yet’, said Louie now really excited at the prospect of another trip away, and  being away for three days.
‘Louie just another thought’, said Virgil. ‘We don’t know what it will be like in this cave we are going to explore; it might be worth bringing a few beeswax candles with us’.
‘Good idea Virgil’, said Louie. ‘I will get several down to you before next Saturday’. 
When Louie had finished talking to Virgil, he turned excitedly to Lulu who was by now very curious as to what was going on. Not only was it Lulu who was curious but two little bees had appeared as if by magic with a couple of ‘wa’s ups?’
Louie explained all.
‘Plees Mum, plees Dad, can we go cave?’ two little anxious voices pleaded.
‘Yes of course we can’, said Lulu, who then carried on saying with a twinkle in her eye. ‘On one condition! We don’t get any more chocolate cake on our nice clean yellow stripes do we?’
‘Yea! Promise no naughty stripes’, said Tiger and Lily together - while doing a bit of bouncing up and down.
 Of course we know that this promise would never ever be kept. It was just a means of being allowed to go away to the cave again!
‘Let’s go and see the Ten Ants and then we will drop in to see Pearl and let her know’, said Louie happy at the prospect of some flying out in the spring sunshine.
On most occasions before Louie and Lulu took Tiger and Lily flying with them, there would be a brief meeting of the four bees before they left. It went a little like this. Louie would call the family around. The wee bees knew what it would be all about and would position themselves in front of their parents ready for a pre-flight check.
It was quite delightful. Tiger and Lily would stand side by side, little hands clasped behind their backs, toes scrunched inwards, heads slightly down but eyes cast upwards and focused on their parents. Louie would say to them. ‘What are the five things we have to remember when we are flying?’ The little blighters would then earnestly recite together:    

"Stay clo' to Mum and Dad".
"Watch ou' for 'pider webs".
"Watch ou' for ducks".
"No toilet while fly".
"Stwaiten up an flywight".

‘Good’, Louie would say. ‘And what happens if we forget any of these things?’
There would be a pause, and Tiger and Lily would shift from one foot to the other then say in subdued tones. ‘No chocowate cake forwa week’.
 Louie and Lulu would then pick the little blighters up and squeeze them while telling them what good little bees they were. The seriousness was of course then gone and the two little bees would be just as naughty as ever!
Having gone through the pre-flight check, the four bees took off to visit the Ten Ants and Pearl. As instructed, Tiger and Lily flew close to their parents. The four bees felt happy as they sped along the stream; there was the smell of spring flowers all around them. Mr. McFarland was mowing his lawn and as was often the case there was a delicious smell of cut grass and onion weed. Life was good. 
The Ten Ants and Pearl were delighted with the prospect of the trip away in a week’s time. It was all set for the following Saturday.
Little did the insects know what they would discover as a result of exploring the new cave - and how ultimately, it would change their lives - forever!

Louie the Bee - Chapter 3
Off to Explore the New Cave.

It is Saturday, the day of the trip away to the cave. Louie and Lulu were up and about at 6.30a.m. Not that they needed to be up this early it was just that two little bees, being excited about the trip away, had taken it upon themselves to go and give Mum and Dad a poke or two to make sure they hadn’t forgotten!
The weather was good and looked like remaining fine for a few days. The four excited bees had washed their teeth and brushed their bodies. Tiger when he washed his teeth seemed to end up washing everything else around him so there was a bit of a cleanup job for Lulu before they headed outside and had breakfast on the deck. Rose kindly made breakfast for everybody and then joined them.
Tiger and Lily, because they were excited, finished their breakfast in a flash and were soon flying and zooming around above their parents who were sitting talking to Rose. Louie, Lulu and Rose enjoyed their breakfast at a leisurely pace having been woken so early and having time to spare.
At this point there was nothing much to do, all the things for the trip away had been taken to Virgil’s hangar over the past two days. Louie and Lulu could relax for an hour or more before heading off to Virgil’s hangar at about 8.30a.m. While Louie and Lulu were relaxing with Rose, they heard the familiar fluttering sound of Pearl Baker-Moth approaching. Sure enough the beautiful moth arrived and landed gracefully on the deck beside them.
‘Good morning all’, said Pearl. ‘Hope you don’t mind me calling in, I could see those two little blighters buzzing around above your place so I knew you would be up and about, I suppose they couldn’t sleep!’
‘Yes you are right’, Louie groaned. ‘There is no peace around here if something exciting is about to happen. Would you like some breakfast Pearl?’
‘Thanks for the offer, Louie’, Pearl responded. ‘No I have had breakfast but I would love a cup of gum leaf tea’.
Rose was about to get up and get Pearl a cup of tea when Louie said. ‘Stay there Rose, you three have a chat while I make it’.
On seeing Pearl arrive, Tiger and Lily flew in and ran up to Pearl, uttering the usual ‘Hello Arny Bell’ and clutched her with deep affection.
Louie brought out the tea and the four chatted about the day ahead until it was time to go. Occasionally their conversation was interrupted by two overly exited little bees jumping up and down saying ‘time go yet? time go yet?’ Inevitably it wasn’t ‘time go yet’ and Lulu would have to say ‘shshsh’ to prevent an onslaught of persistent utterances of ‘wen go?’ -  while the pair hopped and bounced around in frustration.
It was so pleasant relaxing and having Pearl with them. The sun was a little higher now and shining above the trees on the east bank of the stream. It was delightfully warm after the cool of post dawn. 
At 8.30a.m. it was time to head for Virgil’s hangar. Tiger and Lily now bounced up and down almost uncontrollably with excitement. Louie turned to Lulu and said quite loudly and with a degree of mischievousness. ‘I think if these two don’t behave themselves we will leave them with Rose’.
‘Good idea’, said Lulu quick as a flash and trying to sound serious.
The bouncing around by the two little blighters immediately stopped, Lily burst into tears. Tiger had a look on his wee face as though the end of the world had come. Louie and Lulu quickly picked up the pair and squeezed them tightly and reassured them that in no way would they ever leave them behind but they had to be good little bees. 
While there was a degree of seriousness, and Tiger and Lily had stopped bouncing around, Louie and Lulu asked the wee bees to stand and recite the five things they had to remember when flying.
Louie turned to Pearl while grinning and whispered. ‘Watch this Pearl’. 
Tiger and Lily standing side by side, little hands clasped behind their backs, toes scrunched inwards, heads slightly down but eyes cast upwards and focused on their parents, recited carefully the five important items:

"Stay clo' to Mum and Dad".
"Watch ou' for ‘pider webs".
"Watch ou' for ducks".
"No toilet while fly".
"Stwaiten up an flywight".

Pearl was overcome with the cuteness of Tiger and Lily and congratulated them on what clever little bees they were. 
‘You two are so beautiful’, said Pearl stroking the little heads affectionately.
Subsequently Tiger and Lily danced around again saying ‘We come, we be good bees’.
‘Right’, said Louie. ‘If you are going to be good bees you two can lead the way down to Virgil’s. We will follow close behind. Let’s all line up to go’.
Off they went; Pearl flew with Louie and Lulu while Tiger and Lily proudly led the way. Down to the stream went the two little bees, and then it was on to Virgil’s hangar, just as they had seen their parents do many times before.
The Ten Ants were there when they arrived. Virgil and Virginia were positioning two fibregrass containers ready to attach to themselves. Tiger and Lily scampered over to their good friends the Ten Ants and gave them all a hug. 
As had been the case on other occasions when they had been to the cave, Virgil suggested that their Queen and leader Pearl Baker-Moth should lead the way. Pearl was honoured to do so. She thanked Virgil and agreed to take command.
Pearl knowing that Tiger and Lily had been doing a fair amount of buzzing around since early in the morning, asked that for safety (and to keep a bit of energy for later) that they go on their parent’s backs. Virgil called for the Ten Ants to board and asked that they remained seated during takeoff. They all lined up outside Virgil’s hangar, Pearl in front, Virgil next with the Ten Ants, then Louie and Lulu with Tiger and Lily. At the rear Virginia was positioned to watch over Louie, Lulu and the small bees.
Pearl asked that all smell phones be on speaker mode and tested that everybody could hear her commands.
‘Will count down from ten’, said Pearl. ‘We will fly at twenty knots at an altitude of twenty feet above the stream. As usual we will rest at the falls in about an hour’.

…….in case there are some readers who haven’t read "The Insects Prevail" it needs to be pointed out that because insects only have small feet, an altitude of twenty feet wasn’t very high, in fact it was just above the stream surface. Twenty knots was the speed at which a centipede could run without getting any more than twenty of its legs in a knot. Yes really!

Pearl counted down. The powerful wings of Virgil and Virginia were beating at 1500 r.p.m. Under the directions of their Queen and leader, they lifted off and flew up the stream on their way to the falls. In tight formation the team flew at speed just above the stream surface. It was so exhilarating to fly so fast just above the water while the bush and trees along the banks flashed past. The Ten Ants were yahooing with excitement as usual. Tiger and Lily were snuggled up into the fur of their parents, watching with wonder what was going on around them. They turned right at the fork in the stream. Then it was west on up the rapids to the falls where they would stop and rest for a while. It was always appropriate for the insects to rest at this point before the long climb to the top of the falls.
On arrival they relaxed at the base on the flat piece of rock they had used on previous occasions, it was right next to the pool into which the falls cascaded. There was a light refreshing mist in the air that kept the insects cool while they sat in the sunshine. 
This time Tiger and Lily weren’t afraid as they had been previously. No, this time, to them it was a beautiful awe inspiring sight. Tiger and Lily knew from what their parents had told them that the falls were not something to be afraid of as long as they didn't go too close.
Pearl had of course brought her Thermoth so the team relaxed with cups of gum leaf tea and some chocolate cake. Tiger and Lily had chocolate cake and dandelion milk. The insistence of the pair to dunk the chocolate cake in the dandelion milk, and the fact that some of the soggy mess didn’t go in where it was supposed to go in, inevitably meant that parts of Tiger and Lily’s yellow stripes once again took on a distinct brown shade! Naughty bees, but nobody cared. The Ten Ants helped by giving Tiger and Lily a bit of a "scrub down" at the pool edge. With the intense amount of bouncing and zooming around that followed the "scrub down", Tiger and Lily soon changed from a state of being dripping wet to one of being clean and tidy, with nicely dried fluffy black and yellow stripes. There was hardly a dull moment; Tiger and Lily were such funny little bees.
After resting, it was on up the falls and into the cave at the top where the water flowed out. It was deep within this cave where the water emerged from within the hill yes the water that contained Mellennium. The cave was dark and the insects needed to fly around and adjust there eyes to the lack of light before proceeding. From there it was through the glow-worm lit tunnels to the cave on the other side of the hills that overlooked the sea. 
The insects arrived just before 11.00a.m. Everything at the cave was as it had been before. The rain water pool was there, as was the seagull’s nest that provided adequate supplies of firewood for a fire to sit around in the evening. Things were unpacked and camp set up for the stay. There was a feeling of excitement in being away for three nights. 
Lunch was prepared and they sat at the cave mouth to eat while looking out over the sea. Louie, Lulu and Pearl, having spent many hours at the village library over the winter months, knew what the sea was all about. The three had made a pact to keep the knowledge they had gained, to themselves for now.
After lunch the two little bees became quite sleepy, having been so active and being up so early. Lulu put them up on one of the sandy ledges and left them to sleep on into the afternoon.
Virgil made a suggestion. 'How about Louie and I go down and have a look at the other cave and see what we might need to do to explore it. I am not sure whether we need to take beeswax candles - or perhaps even take the containers down with us. It would be good to just go and suss it out and be prepared for all of us to go early in the morning and spend the day exploring’.
Everyone thought this would be a good idea. Lulu was a little anxious about not being with Louie but she needed to stay behind and be around for when Tiger and Lily woke later in the afternoon. The Ten Ants were quite pleased as they wanted to splash around in the pool again and practice doing back-stroke as they had done on previous occasions! 
Pearl with the tremendous amount of knowledge she had gained at the library was quite content to sit at the mouth of the cave and marvel at the sea and ponder the things she knew. Lulu with similar thoughts, joined her.
Virginia relaxed on the soft sand and had a sleep. 
With everybody happy, Louie gave Lulu a reassuring hug then headed off with Virgil to the cave down the cliff, far below.
‘Just follow me Louie’, said Virgil.
Virgil flew straight out from the cave for some distance so as to keep clear of updrafts close to the cliff. He then descended in wide spiralling circles, down towards the lower cave entrance. Louie followed, keeping close to Virgil. 
As Louie descended, he could see the sea crashing against the base of the cliff. He could hear the waves when they were closer to the sea. It crossed his mind that this would be the worst time to get cramp in a wing! Louie was just a little nervous. This sort of thing was a tiny bit out of the comfort zone for a bumblebee. 
Virgil flew into the lower cave and landed just a short distance in from the entrance. A relieved Louie followed him in. The cave was a lot larger than the one where they were staying. There was no rainwater pool or seagull's nest but the floor of the cave was covered with a layer of soft fine sand. It was good for the pair to sit for a moment and adjust to their surroundings. The entrance to the cave was not that far up the cliff so the roar of the sea crashing on the rocks below could be heard quite distinctly.
Louie and Virgil sat and watched the waves for a moment; they felt so small in relation to their surroundings. There was fine misty sea spray in the air that the pair had flown through before they entered the cave. Louie noticed a light dusting of salt crystals on his wings and body. There was a strong smell of kelp; it was not a place the insects were accustomed too.
The pair glanced at each other for reassurance then turned and walked carefully towards the back of the cave. It was quite dark and it took a while to adjust to the lack of light.
When the insects had adjusted their eyes to the dark they took off and flew cautiously, in a semi hover further on into the cave. The cave went in quite a distance. The rough solidified lava walls were somehow ominous and had a foreboding look about them. It took a few minutes before Louie and Virgil arrived at what appeared to be the end. 
‘Looks as though it could be just a dead-end’, said Virgil sounding a little disappointed. Virgil’s voice reverberated eerily off the walls.
‘No look!’, said Louie pointing to the ceiling of the cave at the end. ‘There is another cave system going up from here’.
‘Yes you are right Louie’, said Virgil sounding a little more excited.
Louie and Virgil moved closer to inspect what was in fact a large opening in the ceiling. Being quite a distance from the entrance above the sea, it was eerily quiet; the sound of the sea was far behind them. Louie and Virgil looked at each other for reassurance once again.
‘I am glad you are here with me Virgil’, said Louie, trying not to sound too nervous. 
‘I am glad you are here with me too’, said Virgil. ‘I don’t know why I feel so nervous. I guess it is because we are such a long way into the cliff side and it is just so quiet. We could do with having Tiger and Lily here to make some noise!’
‘Look at that’, said Louie looking and pointing at the opening above them. ‘There is a tunnel or cave system leading away from here; I can see glow-worms away into the distance. It seems to climb upwards’.
‘Yes Louie’, replied Virgil. 'This looks exciting, let’s fly up and take a look’.
For safety, the pair checked that their smell phones were operating satisfactorily then flew up through the opening in the cave ceiling. It was then along a large tunnel, or what could perhaps be better described as a continuous large cave that headed into the hill to the east.
For about five minutes of flying, the tunnel gradually headed upwards then it levelled out and continued on in the same direction. There was just enough light from the glow- worms for the insect’s sensitive eyes to see where they were going. It was exciting. They were deep into the hill. There was a nervous expectation about what they might find.
When another ten minutes of flying had passed, they could hear the sound of water, possibly a waterfall. It was then ahead, they could see what appeared to be quite a large chamber, the back of which presented a solid rock wall.
Louie and Virgil emerged into the chamber at a level that was a significant distance up from the floor. It was incredibly spectacular; there were high vertical walls with an almost dome shaped ceiling. It was about four times as high as it was wide. The large floor area was flat and was roughly the shape of a rounded square. From high up on the south side, a massive waterfall cascaded down off a rocky ledge and crashed into the centre of a large crystal clear pool. The pool took up about a quarter of the area on the south side. About half of the area extending north from the pool edge, consisted of a flat area of fine sand. The remainder was a raised flat plateau of rock. 
At the foot of the eastern wall, piled up on the sand, were a large number of broken rocks of all shapes and sizes. They were dark in colour and jagged in shape. At some time in the past, part of the ceiling must have crashed down and fractured on impact into the assortment of rocks they could see. 
The pair circled around the cavernous space to see what they could find. They could see that a large volume of water flowed from the pool and gurgled its way down a tunnel to the southeast. 
‘Let’s land and decide where we go from here’, said Louie shouting above the noise of the falls.
The pair did a sweeping wide circle and landed on the sand by the pool. They said nothing for several minutes while they took in the spectacular nature of what surrounded them. The waterfall looked magnificent. There were myriads of glow-worms spread out above them across the high dome of the chamber. They looked like the stars of the Milky Way in an inky black sky. The pool rippled with the impact from the falls and shimmered with the light reflected from the glow-worms.
Virgil broke the silence. ‘There doesn’t seem to be any way out of here Louie - apart from where we came in. There is the tunnel where the water flows out but it looks a bit dangerous to attempt to go in there, the water is just about filling the tunnel'.
‘I wonder if there is anything behind those fallen rocks’, said Louie pointing to the pile they could see at the base of the eastern wall. 'Let’s go and have a look'.
Louie and Virgil took off and flew over to investigate. They found they could quite easily move between the spaces separating the rocks and proceeded with a combination of hovering and flying to check out what they might find.
Yes! At the back of the rocks the pair discovered another tunnel, heading down and away to the east. Again it was well lit with glow-worms. What a find!
Louie and Virgil were excited by what they could see and flew off along the tunnel they had found. It was similar to the tunnel leading to the cave where the others were spending the afternoon. There were many small chambers connected with rocky passages. In the main there was no water, apart from a few dribbles down the walls in places. In parts there were pockets of limestone. Here, there were stalagmites and stalactites that were white and moist. The crystalline texture of the limestone twinkled back reflected light from the glow-worms along the walls. The adrenalin was flowing!
The tunnel sections were more than wide enough for Virgil and Louie to fly free of any restriction. At times, they zig zagged from one side to the other, partly for just the sheer enjoyment and partly to see the varying rock formations. At a couple of points, the tunnel narrowed a little and they were confined to flying side by side. Here they glanced at one another and smiled.
Louie let out a ‘yippee!’ as did Virgil - yes it was hard for the two insects to contain their excitement with what they were experiencing. 
‘We must surely be getting near the other side of the hill now Louie’, said Virgil wondering how much longer they could continue flying to the east.
‘Look ahead there’, said Louie. ‘It’s opening up into another chamber and there seems to be some daylight!’
Sure enough the pair flew out into an incredibly huge chamber. The tunnel they had been flying along, as with the previous chamber, came out some distance above the floor. The insects circled and landed at the bottom. It was dry, there was no sign of any water and the whole of the floor of the chamber was covered with soft white sand.
What an amazing sight. The chamber was massive to the tiny insects. It extended a huge distance above where the two sat resting. It was probably one hundred times bigger than the chamber they had just come from. Louie and Virgil gasped at the shear size. For the reader to gain an appreciation of just how big the chamber really was, in human terms it was possibly one hundred metres wide and over two hundred metres high. It was of a tall cylindrical shape. Here was this amazing find that had never been discovered before, locked within the hill.
Near the top of the chamber, there was plenty of light coming in from the outside through a large aperture in the eastern wall. It was like a window at the top of a very high basilica. There was more than adequate light for the insects to see most of the features. At the base, close to where they sat, there was another large tunnel extending away and down to the east. For some reason the air was pleasantly warm. The insects at this point in time, didn't know why.
On the west side of the chamber, the rock of the wall was smoothed and scoured as if by a waterfall that had cascaded down perhaps many years before. At the top of the scoured wall there appeared to be a plug of solidified lava that blocked what might have originally been the source of the waterfall.
‘Look at that Virgil’, said Louie pointing above. ‘It looks as though there may have been a huge waterfall in here once and the water would have flowed out and down that tunnel to the east’.
‘Yes this is really interesting’, said Virgil. ‘What interests me is the light that is coming in from outside the hill up near the top there. I wonder where we are’.
The pair stood in silence and studied their surroundings awhile longer; then Virgil said. ‘Listen, can you hear it Louie? It sounds like the faint sound of a waterfall’.
Louie listened for a moment, it was almost too faint to detect but yes he could hear it too.
‘What I suggest Louie’, said Virgil. ‘Is that we fly to the top and see where that light is coming in, maybe we can get out and go back to the others the way we came this morning’.
‘Good idea Virgil’, said Louie. ‘It would be great to come back tomorrow and see where that tunnel down to the east goes to’.
‘What we could do Louie’, said Virgil. ‘Is shift camp to here, then we can explore this other tunnel at our leisure. There is no firewood here but we could use the beeswax candles to give us light’.
‘Yes good idea Virgil’, Louie replied.
‘Right Louie’, said Virgil grinning with anticipation of what they might find. ‘Let’s head for where that light is coming in near the top’.
‘Yea!’ said Louie, ‘Let’s go’. The pair took off and circled around and up the chamber to the top. It was a long slow climb.
As they got closer to the aperture they could see it was a huge jagged hole in the wall. They could also see that it was in fact an opening behind a massive waterfall. It was impossible for the insects to fly out because of the shear volume of water flowing. Instinctively they knew that they shouldn't go too close. There was a danger of being caught in strong air movements and being sucked into the waterfall itself.
‘Bother’, said Virgil disappointed that they couldn’t consider getting out of the hill through the opening. He hovered for a moment looking at the spectacular sight of the cascading water. It slid by in huge volumes with a soft "shshsh" sound. 
Louie and Virgil were by this time close to the ceiling of the chamber. Louie noticed it first. There was a small amount of light coming through an opening in the ceiling directly above the plug of solidified lava. Louie flew up to take a look. What he found was more than big enough to fly into. Louie flew up through the hole and Virgil followed. It turned out to be a tunnel that extended vertically some distance before taking a horizontal turn back to the west. The tunnel then emerged via a rocky outcrop into another cave. 
In this cave there was a large amount of water flowing. Most importantly though, the cave was open to the outside and the water flowed out forming the waterfall they had seen through the jagged aperture in the chamber below. Louie suddenly realised where they were. 
‘Virgil! Virgil! Look at this’, said Louie almost unable to contain his excitement. ‘I believe we are in the cave above the falls where we came in this morning. Yes we are! Look at that!’
How amazing, what an exciting find. Virgil and Louie landed in a sunny spot on a wide flat slab of rock at the cave entrance where the water flowed out. They rested for a moment and marvelled at what they had found. 
‘I am amazed that we haven’t noticed the opening to the chamber below before’, said Virgil. ‘I guess with the entrance being low down it has been hard to see '. 
‘It’s also quite well hidden by the way that it comes out of that rocky outcrop and faces away to the west’, said Louie pointing to the rock .
Louie and Virgil sat basking in the sun in silence for a few minutes, thinking about what they had found and seen. It was fascinating just sitting watching the water flow out over the edge and down the cliff.
‘What I reckon might have happened’, said Louie. ‘Is that many years ago the water cascaded down through the lower chamber and out the tunnel at the bottom. At some time, lava from some residual volcanic activity must have blocked the passage below. That would have caused the water to start flowing out here and on down the cliff face to form the falls we know so well’.
‘I reckon you might be right Louie’, said Virgil. ‘The others would love to come and see it all. Pearl will probably have some good ideas about what may have happened’.
‘Tell you what Virgil’, said Louie in one of his mischievous moods, ‘When we go back, let’s stop before we reach the back of the cave, then we can sneak in quietly and surprise the others! They will be expecting us to come back up the cliff from the cave below!’
‘Good idea’, said Virgil laughing.
The pair rested in the sun for a while longer. At about 4.00p.m. the sun had moved on to the west and left the two insects in the shade. It was time to head back. Virgil and Louie took off and flew along the route they had flown with the others earlier that day. Louie was greatly relieved that he didn’t have to fly out over the sea again!
When the mischievous pair arrived back at the cave, they stopped and observed. Yes Lulu, Pearl and Virginia were near the entrance looking out to sea. Their figures were silhouetted in the sun that was now low in the west and shining almost directly into the cave. Presumably they were watching and waiting for two intrepid explorers to return! The Ten Ants, Tiger and Lily were with them.
Louie and Virgil quietly crept forward until they were quite close to the "crowd" at the entrance - the pair stood side by side and smiled at each other.
‘Looking for anybody?’ said Louie in an enquiring sort of voice.
The "crowd" at the entrance spun around, they knew they had been tricked but they were oh so relieved. They all rushed up to Louie and Virgil and flung their arms around them. Lulu gave Louie a few friendly smacks for being so naughty!
Virginia hugged Virgil, Lulu hugged Louie, Tiger and Lily were swinging on Louie’s arms saying ‘Mummy said naughty bee, Mummy said naughty bee’. Pearl and the Ten Ants were all mixed up in the mayhem too. 
Louie and Virgil laughed; it was good to be back. Louie went over to Pearl and put an arm around her. ‘Missed having you with us Pearl but we have got lots of exciting things to talk about, we’ll tell all around the fire tonight’.
Everything was back to normal again. Worries about where Louie and Virgil had got to, were gone. The Ten Ants, Tiger and Lily went back to splashing around in the pool. Lulu, Pearl and Virginia made things ready for the evening meal. Louie and Virgil piled up sticks from the seagulls nest ready for the fire.
At about 7.00p.m. when the sun had just gone and a soft red twilight flooded the cave, Louie lit the fire with some of his Beehive Matches. It wouldn't be long and it would be dark outside the cave. Stars would soon be visible, there was no moon tonight. The happy insects sat around the fire, laughing and chattering while they had their evening meal, accompanied by a red wine or two and some of Louie's famous fermented honey-nectar.
After tea, Louie and Virgil talked about the exciting day they had experienced. The others sat in awe listening and didn’t say a word. Tiger and Lily didn’t hear much, after such a long day the pair were soon sound asleep snuggled into the fur of their parents. 
It was agreed that tomorrow they would pack up and head for the large chamber Louie and Virgil had discovered, and stay the night. This would give them all the chance to go and look at the tunnel that went from the bottom of the chamber out to the east.
Pearl was absolutely intrigued by what Louie and Virgil had told them. Somehow she felt that they were about to make an incredible discovery, as indeed they were!
At around 10.30p.m. the fire had died to glowing red embers and a few dancing blue flames. There was absolute silence apart from a few snuffly snoring sounds, they were all sound asleep.

Louie the Bee - Chapter 4
More Cave Exploring and a Very Strange Discovery.

The insects slept soundly and undisturbed all night. Virgil was the first awake. He had noticed it was daylight outside the cave over the sea and sat up with a start, in fact it was about 8.00a.m. Even Tiger and Lily hadn’t woken and disturbed everybody else - yet!
Virgil stretched and flapped his magnificent wings while emitting a loud dragonfly type yawning noise. Virginia, who was lying beside him, then reached out and held Virgil close to her for a moment. She wasn’t really ready to wake just yet; it was so pleasant resting on the bed of soft sand.
Pearl heard Virgil’s yawn, fluttered her wings, rubbed her eyes and looked across to where Virgil and Virginia lay. 
‘What’s the time Virgil?’ said Pearl in a half whisper.
‘It’s eight o’clock’, Virgil replied, yawning again as he spoke. ‘I have had such a wonderful night’s sleep’.
‘Me too’, said Pearl stretching and fluttering her beautiful wings once more.
The sound of Virgil’s yawns woke Tiger and Lily, who not really knowing where they were, uttered a few ‘help wa’s ups’ and pulled at their parents for reassurance.
Within a few seconds Tiger and Lily realised that they were at the cave and immediately commenced bouncing and hip hopping around making sure that everybody else was awake! As far as they were concerned there wasn’t a moment to be wasted. The little blighters were uttering a string of unintelligible words of excitement peppered with ‘very hungwy’!
Louie groaned and grabbed Tiger as he sped past and held him close to him.
‘Shshsh Tiger’, Louie whispered. ‘Just wait, breakfast will be soon. Go and take your sister to the pool and play for a while. You two go and wash off that food and other nonsense the pair of you got stuck to your furry stripes last night’.
Tiger and Lily tore off to the pool to splash around and do the cleaning bit. Soon they were back looking like a pair of drowned rats. They danced around and bounced up and down shouting, ‘All clean now, still hungwy!’
The others laughed at the sight of the two bedraggled thoroughly wet little bees. They continued to hip hop around making food required type noises! All of the insects were now thoroughly awake thanks to this bouncing around activity. The Ten Ants had a quick swim in the pool and then it was on with the new day. The Ten Ants were quite good at doing back-stroke and had races with one another. With their six legs as oars they looked for all the world like participants in an Olympic rowing event!
It was quite cool so Louie and the Ten Ants got to work and brought over some more firewood from the seagull’s nest and lit a fire. They sat around in the warmth and had breakfast. Outside the cave, the sky was clear and coloured a soft eggshell blue. The sun by now was rising, out of sight over the other side of the hills. The hills cast a cold green-gray shadow someway out to sea. Beyond the shadow, the sea was bright blue. The view from the cave was breathtakingly beautiful.
Louie boiled some water on the fire in a little pot he had made. He had made it out of some foil strips he had found in Mr. McFarland’s garden; Mr. McFarland used the foil to scare the birds away from his strawberry patch. With the boiled water, Louie made some delicious TG Tips tea for everybody. It had a delightful light smoky flavour from the fire. The tea Louie had brewed was the perfect accompaniment for the spider egg omelette and gum leaf toast that Pearl and Virginia had made. What tea was left, Pearl used to fill her Thermoth.
Tiger and Lily had found that toasting chocolate cake on the end of a stick produced some interesting results. There were several utterances of what sounded like ‘hot - ouch - mmmm - sticky cwunchy - yum’ accompanied with looks of mischievousness while looking around for approval!
Unfortunately for Tiger, he became distracted for a moment when he was about to put the sticky toasted mess into his mouth. This was indeed unfortunate as he ended up putting the sticky brown goo on the side of his head! Well of course when he tried to get it off, he rapidly spread the mess all over himself. Yes we had a very subdued little mite covered with sticky brown blotches. He knew he had been naughty and burst into tears. Oh dear. It was a case of extreme self control by the adult insects not to laugh and maybe offend the wee bee. As luck would have it, Lily rushed over to help her little brother so now we had two small bees with brown blotches from head to foot.
That was it; none of the insects could control their laughter any more. It was such an incredibly funny sight - two very subdued and tearful wee bees wondering why everyone was laughing at them!
Louie and Lulu, desperately holding back their laughter, couldn’t go and hold them for reassurance; otherwise there would be four bees with brown sticky blotches all over them. Instead they picked the little creatures up, held them at arm’s length and carefully transported them down to the pool for yet another wash - not to mention some further discussion about the merits of not getting chocolate cake all over themselves once again!!
The entertainment Tiger and Lily had provided set the mood for the day. Everyone was happy, light hearted and looking forward to what lay ahead. Pearl (while recalling the sight of the two little blighters covered in brown blotches) kept on chuckling to herself as she packed her things away in one of the containers. She loved those little creatures so very much.
After a leisurely breakfast (and when Tiger and Lily had been restored to a reasonably clean and dry state) the insects made themselves ready to head back through the hill to the cave at the top of the falls. This cave was of course above the chamber Louie and Virgil had discovered the previous day. 
This time Virgil would lead the way. Before they left, Virgil explained that there was an extensive area of flat rock to the left of the cave that they were heading to. They were all to land there before going on into the chamber below.
For safety, Tiger and Lily were to fly on the backs of their parents once more. Virgil called for the Ten Ants to board. It was about 10.00a.m. so they would make the cave at the top of the falls before 11.00a.m. Smell phones were checked and put on speaker mode. Virgil took off, closely followed by Virginia, then the bees. This time Pearl was to watch over Louie and Lulu with Tiger and Lily, by flying at the rear. 
When they arrived in the cave, Virgil and Virginia circled within the cavity for a moment. Virgil asked Louie and Lulu to land first on the flat piece of rock near the entrance; then it was Pearl. When the four bees and Pearl had safely landed, Virgil and Virginia glided in and alighted beside them. Virgil and Virginia were brilliant the way they could fly with the weight of the containers they had attached to them. Of course Virgil had the Ten Ants to contend with as well.
The piece of flat rock where they now all sat was bathed in sunlight. Pearl looked back across the water to the opposite wall of the cave, hoping to see the opening Louie and Virgil had described. She could see some rock protruding, maybe it was behind that.
‘Is the opening behind that rock?’ said Pearl pointing.
‘Yes it is’, said Louie. ‘You can see why we haven’t seen it before when we have flown past; it's quite well hidden isn't it. You won’t believe how big the chamber is below’.
‘What’s the best way for us all to go in Virgil?’ said Pearl dying to go and check it all out.
‘What I suggest’, said Virgil. ‘Is that I take Virginia with me and we get these containers down first. Ten Ants, if you could disembark now, I will come back and pick you up again shortly. Pearl, Louie and Lulu, if you could please wait here with the Ten Ants until I get back’.
The Ten Ants disembarked as Virgil had directed and sat in the sun alongside Pearl. Tiger and Lily stayed on the backs of their parents, not quite understanding what was going on. Louie and Lulu reassured them that everything was alright and that soon they would be seeing something new.
Virgil and Virginia took off with the containers then flew low across the flowing water. It was then a sharp swing to the left before disappearing behind the protruding rock and heading down to the chamber below. Pearl marvelled to herself, what exciting opportunities they had being small insects. Humans could never experience what they were seeing. Virgil was back within ten minutes. The Ten Ants climbed aboard and they were ready to go.
‘Louie’, said Virgil. ‘I will take the Ten Ants down now. Give me a couple of minutes; then you lead the way for Pearl and Lulu’.
‘Will do’, said Louie.
Virgil took off with the Ten Ants. He crossed the water then turned sharply and disappeared once more. Louie, Lulu and Pearl could hear the Ten Ants yahooing (again!) with excitement as they descended with Virgil in the chamber below. 
‘Right’, said Louie clutching hold of Lulu and Pearl. ‘This is a bit like the first time we went through the quartz together. Tiger, Lily just hang on tight; it might be just a little scary for you at first. If it is just close you eyes’.
Two little subdued voices responded. ‘Yes Daddy’. 
Louie carefully explained to Lulu and Pearl how they needed to fly across the water then turn left and into a vertical hole behind the rocky outcrop.
'The hole', Louie explained, 'Is not far above the water level. It is then a case of flying along horizontally for a short distance before heading straight down to the chamber below. When in the chamber it is essential to follow me and not to go too close to the opening behind the waterfall. There is a possible risk of being sucked out by the action of the falls dragging out large quantities of air'.
Louie took off, closely followed by Lulu and Pearl. Across the crystal clear water they flew; then it was left into the tunnel behind the rock and on down into the chamber. 
Pearl and Lulu gasped. To them it was just so immense, so immense in fact that initially they couldn't even make out the tiny little specs of Virgil and Virginia sitting waiting for them on the sandy floor far below. The large jagged opening, with the waterfall behind, was breathtakingly beautiful. Both Lulu and Pearl noticed that the air in the chamber was unusually warm. This mystified Pearl in particular. She commented to herself. 'Hmmm, there is something really unusual here'. 
‘Isn’t it magnificent!’ said Louie. 
Pearl and Lulu said nothing for a moment. They were so overcome with the enormity of the chamber. 
‘It is just so spectacular’, Pearl said finally. That was all she could say.
Lulu just said. ‘Wow!’ then flew alongside Louie and squeezed his arm, almost to reassure herself that this was real and not just a dream.
The three insects (together with Tiger and Lily on the backs of their parents) drifted lazily down in wide circles to where Virgil and Virginia watched from below. Louie and Lulu could feel the wee bees hanging on extra tightly to their fur. They too, were overwhelmed with what they could see and what was happening.
Louie, Lulu and Pearl landed safely beside Virgil and Virginia, and then looked back up to where they had come from. They could see the sunlight coming in from the huge jagged hole far above them. It was a long, long way up.
Pearl looked around her. She was intrigued by the great plug of lava, high up the chamber wall. As Louie and Virgil had surmised, the lava had obviously blocked where once a waterfall had emerged and crashed down the walls to the floor where she stood. It had possibly happened thousands of years ago. Pearl felt there was something ominous about the lava plug; it bulged grotesquely and was darker in colour than the surrounding rock. She looked at the tunnel heading down and away to the east, yes Louie and Virgil were right, water from the waterfall would have originally flowed out there.
Just as Louie and Virgil had heard the day before, Pearl could hear the very faint sound of the falls outside the hill. It seemed that by the direction the sound was coming from, the point where she stood must be someway below the pool they all knew so well at the base of the falls.
Pearl walked over to where the tunnel headed away and down to the east. She cautiously looked in. It looked like a large ancient lava tube running down deep below the clay soils of the land above. There were no glow-worms, it was very dark. What Pearl found unusual was that there seemed to be a constant draft of warm air coming up out of the tunnel. This explained why it had felt warm when she had come in at the top of the chamber with Louie and Lulu. It was really strange that everything was so unusually dry. It was so dry that not even glow-worms existed as they did in most of the caves and tunnels of the area. Yes as Pearl had thought to herself when she had flown in and down the chamber, there was something very odd here.
While Pearl was looking at the tunnel and taking in her surroundings, Tiger and Lily had dismounted from their parents and were running around with the sheer excitement of being at a new place. Lulu warned the two wee bees not to go near the tunnel to the east and then asked them to repeat back what she had instructed.
‘Tiger, Lily, where did I say we are not to go?’
Tiger and Lily standing in front of Lulu with toes scrunched inwards, heads down, eyes up, pointing to the tunnel with two tiny little arms outstretched, said slowly and carefully. ‘No go there and no more chocowate cake messes’.
Lulu laughed and held the two little blighters close to her. Yes they were slowly learning and really I suppose there was some potential that one day they could be quite good little bees. Let's hope though that this doesn't happen too soon!
While the two wee bees were zooming and bouncing around, Virgil called the others together.
‘What I suggest’, said Virgil. ‘Is that before we go exploring, we set up camp ready for our stay tonight. One thing of course we don’t have here is water. Louie do you think we could fill some of the empty wine containers with water from the cave at the top of the falls? They could then be brought down here’.
‘Yes’, said Louie, ‘Lulu and I can do that’.
Louie thought for a moment and then added, ‘Virgil; Lulu and I could also collect some sticks and dry grass from outside the cave at the top of the falls and drop them down into the chamber. The Ten Ants could pile it up and we could have a fire again tonight’.
‘Brilliant Louie’, said Virgil. ‘Let’s get it all done and then have some lunch before we go exploring this afternoon’.
‘I will help you and Lulu’, said Pearl turning to Louie.
‘We help with Arny Bell too’, said two excited little bees.
‘No’, said Louie. ‘You two stay here with Virgil and Virginia and help the Ten Ants with the firewood’.
It was all go. Virgil and Virginia unpacked the containers and set up camp. 
Louie, Lulu and Pearl then set about bringing down water from the cave at the top of the falls. It was quite an effort to fly to the top of the chamber and back down again, however there was enough water after two trips.
With sufficient water for the night, Louie, Lulu and Pearl flew back up to the top of the chamber once more and headed outside the cave at the top of the falls. From the hillside they gathered bits of bracken, small sticks and dried grass. They made quite a few trips back and forth dropping the firewood in at the top of the chamber. It floated down to the sandy floor way below. The Ten Ants, Tiger and Lily had a busy time rushing around doing the gathering bit. In floating down, the firewood spread over quite a wide area. The collection of the firewood didn't take long and soon there was a fine looking pile, stacked neatly ready for the evening. What amazing creatures these insects were!
At about 12.30p.m. the camp was ready for the night and they all relaxed on the sand and had lunch. Tiger and Lily were once again given stern but friendly reminders not to get messed up with chocolate cake. This was particularly important as there was no pool for them to be cleaned in. Yes the two little bees knew they had been very naughty in the chocolate cake department and any messiness was definitely a no-no. 
Just after 1.30p.m. the party was ready to go and explore the tunnel. 
Because the tunnel was so dark, Louie suggested that they take a couple of the beeswax candles he had brought. The lack of any light in the tunnel also made it impossible for our explorers to consider flying and they would have to walk.
‘Pearl’, said Louie, ‘If you like you could lead the way with a candle at the front, I know you are dying to find out what is down there. Lulu and I can carry a candle at the rear while everyone else walks in the middle. For safety Tiger and Lily you can come on our backs’.
Pearl was very happy with the arrangement and everyone agreed to go with Louie’s idea. The team lined up. Pearl was in front with a candle, the Ten Ants followed next, then Virgil and Virginia. Finally there was the Bee Family at the rear holding the second candle. They were off into the tunnel. 
Grotesque shadows cast by the light of the beeswax candles moved around the walls as the team progressed. Tiger and Lily were a little scared of the moving shadows and clung tightly to the fur of their parents. For once the Ten Ants had stopped chattering amongst themselves. 
The floor of the tunnel was rock. It had been smoothed by the action of the water that must have flowed many years ago. The walls were of rough solidified lava from the volcanic activity in early formation times. The tunnel was quite wide and high, certainly more than big enough for the team to fly if there had been enough light. It was a gradual descent as they moved along. 
The insects walked in near silence for about an hour. They were beginning to feel a little disappointed that it just seemed to go on and on with nothing particularly interesting to see. In fact Tiger and Lily started to get a bit fidgety and uttered a couple ‘wa’s ups’.
There was one interesting part where the tunnel opened up into a small chamber. Here it appeared as though some of the water that had originally flowed; took a diversion into another tunnel. Pearl wondered to herself if this diversion perhaps came out somewhere else, maybe as a waterfall further down the tunnel they were in. She surmised the diversion had probably been formed when the lava flow that had formed the lava tube they were in, had perhaps hit an outcrop of rock and the flow was split.
Another point of interest was that in several places, the action of the water had worn through the hardened lava of the tunnel floor and formed cavities and passages in limestone strata below. As Pearl came across these holes and cavities, she called back and warned the others to step around them. These passages would have led water away to perhaps resurface as springs elsewhere. Although a trifle boring for two little bees it was certainly of great interest to Pearl. 
Apart from the small chamber and some holes in the floor of the tunnel, things did eventually become a little tedious as they moved further on; it was all much of the same thing. There were thoughts of perhaps turning back when Pearl called back to the others that she could see rock wall straight ahead and that maybe it was the end of the tunnel. 
‘Let’s go to the end then we can turn back’. Pearl suggested. The others agreed.
Pearl was slightly mystified. The rock wall ahead of her was some distance away, yet she could see it. The light from the beeswax candle she was carrying was insufficient to shine that far. 
Pearl stopped and turned to the others and said. ‘I think that rock face ahead is being lit by another light source, maybe it is daylight and we will come out into the open again somewhere’.
Yes the others could see it now, this could be exciting!
As the insects drew nearer to the rock wall, they could see that the tunnel didn’t end but instead took a ninety degree turn to the left (to the north). There was indeed quite bright light shining from the tunnel to the left and it lit up the rock face in front of them.
Pearl was excited and called back to the others. ‘Looks to be fairly sure we will be coming out into daylight around the corner’.
It certainly looked like it. The Ten Ants started to chatter amongst themselves with anticipation. Tiger and Lily sat up on the backs of their parents to get a better look. The team felt a little more relaxed, it had been quite tense coming down the long dark tunnel.
Pearl was the first to reach the corner where the tunnel changed direction. Because the light was reasonably bright she was quite expecting to see some sort of an opening, maybe even blue sky.
On turning the corner Pearl stopped. She gasped at what she saw and urgently called back to the others. ‘Stop! Wait!’
The insects stopped. Pearl stood ahead of them, rooted to the spot and bathed in the light that they had all thought must be daylight. Pearl studied the situation for a minute or more before calling the others forward. 
They couldn’t believe what they saw. Ahead of them, away in the distance were dots of bright lights, almost like streetlights only much brighter. The tunnel extended in front of them straight down a gentle slope for possibly two or three kilometres. It widened into what was likely to be a huge cavity at a point somewhere near where the lights were.
 Nobody spoke; they all stood frozen to the spot. There was no explanation for what they could see. Never ever before had they seen anything like this. Pearl was shaking a little but gained her composure and addressed the others. ‘I have no idea what this is, I don’t know if it presents any danger to us. I suggest we don’t proceed any further at this time’.
The others certainly agreed. It was indeed very scary. Were there perhaps creatures living there that might attack them?
Pearl turned and looked towards the lights again; she paused, and then turned back again to address the others. Pearl was serious and took command of the situation.
‘As your Queen I feel it is my duty to protect you all. Here is what I want you to do. I want you to go back to the chamber now. I will stay here and go and investigate what it is that we can see. Once I know more I will return back to the chamber tonight. If I don’t return by 7.00p.m, I want you all to leave and head for home, there should still be enough daylight to do so. I just don’t know what dangers possibly lurk here’.
Both Louie and Virgil volunteered to go with Pearl but she refused their offer. ‘I want you both to look after the others. Please go back to the chamber now and wait as I have asked. Even though it’s probably of not much use, keep your smell phones on. We will probably be too far apart to have any communication’.
Pearl lightened up a bit and said, ‘Sorry team but I have to do this. I am not prepared to put anybody in any danger, especially those two wee bees. I will aim to be back by 6.30p.m; hopefully this will give me sufficient time to find out what is going on. Don’t worry, have that fire going for when I return and have some red wine ready, I might just need it!’
Yes Pearl was deadly serious. The others turned around and reluctantly headed back to the chamber the way they had come. Louie led the way with his candle and left the other one for Pearl. 

Louie the Bee - Chapter 5
Pearl Checks Out the Strange Discovery.

When the others had gone, Pearl turned again and looked towards the lights. There was enough light for Pearl to leave the candle behind and fly. Pearl took off and flew along inside the rocky walls of the ancient lava tube. She was apprehensive. "What on earth will I find?" she thought to herself.
Further on, as Pearl moved closer to the lights, she flew out of the rocky structure of the lava tube into a much larger limestone cavity. Water at some stage must have scoured out the limestone to create what she could see opening up before her. Ahead in the distance Pearl could see numerous large stalagmites and stalactites. It appeared that the bright lights must be on top of the stalagmites. 
To Pearl the cavity was absolutely huge. It was another world. Pearl flew on for about another ten minutes. She was close to the area of the lights now and it was like flying in daylight, the air was very warm. On arriving, Pearl beheld an amazing sight. She landed on the creamy white limestone floor of the cavity and just looked; she was absolutely stunned. Along the western side of the cavity, set into the wall, were the facades of what appeared to be the homes or houses of many creatures, possibly insects. The homes, spaced at varying intervals, had been made by excavating into the face of a soft chalky limestone stratum. The excavations were possibly similar to the work that White Ant Excavators Ltd did for Pearl’s insect community along the stream. Maybe white ants had done the same work here. Pearl could see that the facades extended a considerable distance beyond where she had landed, probably for a good kilometre or more. There were possibly several hundred of these "premises". 
There were lights everywhere. There were not only large ones on top of the stalagmites but there were smaller ones attached to the limestone walls between the homes. They appeared to be in the form of perfectly shaped crystals. Pearl flew over to take a closer look. Here the crystals were a little smaller than Pearl herself and emitted not only light but heat as well; in fact the crystals were almost too hot to touch and Pearl had to shade her eyes from the bright white light. Now that Pearl had had a closer inspection she could see that the crystals were formed in the shape of a six sided prism with six sided pyramids at either end - yes, from what Pearl had learnt at the village library, they were quartz crystals.
Inside the homes Pearl could see more lights - no doubt more of these quartz crystals. What Pearl couldn’t understand was why she couldn’t see any sign of the creatures that had lived here or even still lived here. Where had they all gone? Maybe they were still around and would return at any moment.
"No", Pearl thought trying to reassure herself. Surely the fact that there was no water and it was so warm meant no creature would live here now. Even so, Pearl was more than a little nervous.
Pearl turned and looked over to the eastern wall. This was quite some distance away at possibly five hundred metres or more. Here there were no homes or any facades. The limestone was possibly of a harder type or even marble and unsuitable for excavation. The eastern wall was uneven and rocky in nature. Interspersed between the occasional rocky outcrops, were what appeared to be extensive flat areas of soil. Pearl thought to herself that perhaps vegetation grew down here once.
The cavity was indeed very large and extended on with no visible ending to the north. The ceiling was a long way up, at least a hundred metres. There were large white stalactites and stalagmites dotted about away into the distance. The large crystals cemented in place on top of the stalagmites were emitting a great deal of heat and intense light. The heat being emitted by these crystals was a little like that of the sun, Pearl could feel the warmth being radiated where she stood. These crystals were about twenty times bigger than the one she had inspected outside the homes. The light from the large crystals made it so that it really was like bright sunny day within the cavity. It was now obvious to Pearl that the heat produced from the cumulative effect of all the glowing crystals explained the warm air she had encountered on arrival with the others earlier on.
Curious to know more Pearl took off again and flew north to approximately the central point of the façades. She landed close to the western wall and looked around again. Part way up on one of the stalagmites, Pearl noticed that there was a turret-like structure. It was possibly another house or home that extended out some way from the stalagmite and all the way around. The stalagmite home had possibly a dozen or more large windows spaced evenly around the circumference. On the side facing to the west there was a recess with a deck of some sort extending out. This was where no doubt those who lived here, landed before entering. It was as though this home or whatever it was, watched over the cavity below. 
Pearl sat looking around for a few more minutes; then she advanced cautiously to one of the homes along the wall to take a closer look. Up until now she had been preoccupied with the spectacle of the glowing crystals and the sheer enormity of the cavity. She hadn’t paid too much attention to the detail of the homes along the wall and was surprised at what she found. All of them had windows set in ceramic frames. Pearl had no idea what the windows were made of. The entrance doors were ceramic as well and displayed beautifully made ceramic door handles and knockers. Outside each of the doors were carefully made steps and paths that appeared to be formed from a concrete of some sort! "How could this be?" Pearl thought to herself.
There were strange neatly engraved hieroglyphics on each door. The symbols were in the form of groups of vertical lines plus other symbols that could be part of a numbering system. The doors were of different colours - blues, reds, greens, black and yellow mainly. Pearl touched one of the ceramic surfaces; it was glass hard, nothing like the crude sun baked clay bricks the insect community along the stream used. 
"How did these creatures, whoever they were, or are, make all this?" Pearl thought to herself. They were obviously far more technologically advanced than the streamside insect community.
Pearl carefully pushed one of the doors open and peered in. There was nobody there. She cautiously went inside. She gasped and stared; the interiors of these homes were beautiful. Rooms were partitioned with hard baked brickwork, decorated with coloured ceramic tiles. Some walls were completely covered with tiles; others just displayed reddish brickwork held together with neatly pointed lines of gray mortar. 
Pearl was amazed at what she found in what was apparently a kitchen. There was sophisticated ceramic pipe work terminating at beautifully made ceramic taps - so there must have once been water available. In various places there were more hieroglyphic symbols. Who knows what they meant.
It was very hot in the kitchen. Pearl could see what would be a surface for cooking, yes a ceramic cook top! Beneath the top, in what appeared to be a ceramic trough or box of some sort, were possibly thirty or more hot glowing crystals. She stood and stared for a moment. "Yes that’s it", she thought to herself. She could see that to turn the cooking surface off, the trough would have been filled with water until the crystals were covered. To turn it on again the trough would have been drained, ingenious! At the front of the cooking surface she noticed two ceramic taps, yes one to run water in, and one to drain it out again. At the back of the trough there was even a vent leading outside to remove any resulting steam. Hanging in front of the trough was a ceramic rod. Pearl surmised that this must be a poker of some sort for moving the hot crystals about to obtain the required heat distribution.
Pearl thought about the glowing crystals for a moment. The ones in the trough under the ceramic top were producing a great amount of heat, in fact the ceramic cook top was glowing a dull red; she could feel the radiated heat. This puzzled her. The single crystal outside the home, the one she had touched, was indeed hot and gave off a reasonable amount of heat; however it was nowhere near as hot as the crystals she could see under the ceramic cook top.
‘I know what it is’, said Pearl talking to herself after some deliberation. ‘Where there is a set of crystals close together, the crystals themselves are heated by those adjoining. Whatever reaction is taking place is therefore speeded up until possibly some self regulating limit is reached! Yes that’s what it is, and of course the poker was used to adjust the crystal position and thus the amount of heat. The water must therefore be just a means of turning the heat off or on. Hmmm, if only I knew what was causing the crystals to react this way’. 
Pearl took a close look at the glowing crystals lighting the interior rooms; yes as with the cooker they were turned on and off with the use of water. For some reason that Pearl didn't yet understand, the crystals lighting the interiors consisted of two, side by side mounted on a specially made ceramic pedestal. The distance by which the crystals were separated was uniform to all the internal lights. Each dual set of crystals was surrounded by a water tight box, open at the top and made of the same material as the windows. There were two ceramic taps on the wall below each light. One was to turn the light on by draining the water out of the box, and the other to turn it off by filling the box. At the top of the box was a drain to prevent overfilling.
All lights and heating devices were on full because there was no water. It was indeed uncomfortably hot. How had these creatures or whoever they were, not only made all these things, but made them with such exquisite detail? The ceramic pipe plumbing was the most amazing thing Pearl had seen. Not only had there been a sophisticated water supply to the homes but there was drainage as well.
Inside the rooms there was furniture - tables, chairs, beds similar to what Louie made out of bracken and fibregrass. Pearl put her hand on a table and pushed down on it. It was as steady as a rock. The warm dry atmosphere may have preserved it in its original condition for many years.
Further inspection still didn’t reveal any direct clues as to who the creatures were who had made these beautiful dwellings. Pearl somehow suspected that judging by the size of the homes; it was most likely to be insects. She looked around at the work that must have gone into what was possibly once a very sophisticated underground insect community. She thought how sad it was that for some reason it had all come to an end, possibly the creatures that lived here, left and went somewhere else when the water ceased to flow
Just to reassure herself, Pearl went outside again into the cavity and called out. ‘Anybody there? Anybody there?’ Her voice was lost in the immensity of the cavity, there was no echo. She did this several times but there was no response. It was deathly quiet, and frighteningly still. The spooky part was that there were all these homes along the wall yet there was no sound of wind, water or sign of any living creature. The crystals glowed in absolute silence. 
Pearl felt slightly more at ease now. Calling out to see if anybody was there and getting no response seemed to confirm she was indeed alone. There didn’t seem to be any threat from alien monsters or other creatures that the imagination creates when dealing with the unknown. There really wasn’t any other living creature around. 
Pearl looked once more through the "forest" of stalagmites and stalactites to the north. The homes and facilities lining the western wall ended where it appeared there was a change from soft chalky limestone to something harder. Strangely enough, just past the last home was a large perfectly cut cubic recess extending into what was more likely to be limestone than chalk. Judging by the presence of horizontal lines along the walls of the recess, maybe limestone blocks had been cut and removed for some purpose. "I wonder what that was for", Pearl thought to herself. 
Some distance away to the north Pearl thought she could see another concentration of bright lights. Being curious and having gained some confidence, she took off to go and take a look. On the way she flew up to the turret-like house on the nearby stalagmite and flew around the outside. While circling around she nervously looked through the windows, half expecting to see some form of creature watching her - no there was "nobody".  It was certainly a magnificent dwelling with views along the cavity in every direction.
While Pearl was flying around the turret-like house, what appeared to be an opening high up in the cavity ceiling caught her attention. She circled back to take a look. Yes there it was, nestled between two large stalactites. Pearl flew up, excited about the prospect of perhaps an opening leading to the surface. 
What Pearl had found was a tunnel up through the limestone ceiling. It was like a large chimney heading straight up. The width was sufficient for Pearl to fly in reasonably wide circles. As she flew up, the walls changed from limestone to clay then rock as she neared the top. 
Pearl flew up the vertical tunnel for quite some distance, in human terms it was possibly a hundred metres. Pearl thought to herself how incredible it was that the huge cavity from whence she had come was so far below ground. At the top the vertical tunnel changed direction to horizontal and ran for a short distance to the north. Ahead it narrowed considerably to a small aperture through which could be seen what appeared to be daylight. The aperture was something in the order of a quarter of a metre in diameter. Pearl flew on through - yes! It was an opening to the outside world, there were trees scrub and bush all around! Pearl flew out and settled on a tree branch close to where she had emerged. She blinked in the bright sunlight after flying in the subdued light of the tunnel. Looking back she could where she had flown out. It was from a hole at the top of quite a high rocky outcrop that was well hidden by thick surrounding bush and vegetation.
While Pearl sat and took in her surroundings, she wondered to herself why other insects or even birds hadn’t discovered this opening. Pearl rationalised that in part it must have been due to being well hidden. However the main reason would be that the warm almost hot dry air being emitted from the cavity below, presented the concept of a hostile environment. In fact deep below in the cavity it was very much a hostile environment, it was as arid as a desert, there was no water, not a drop of it.
Pearl was amazed that even humans hadn’t discovered it. It was probably fortunate that the opening in the rock was high up and surrounded by the vertical faces of the rocky outcrop itself. Yes the cavity Pearl had seen had possibly remained undiscovered for hundreds or even thousands of years.
Pearl not knowing where she might be, checked for danger, then flew up and alighted on the branch of a tall fir tree that was nearby so she could take a look around. Pearl just about fell off the branch with excitement when she realised where she was. She was some distance back from the rear of the Hotel Babbelon and the Nest Cafe! The Nest Cafe clock was showing 4.30p.m. The rocky outcrop where she had emerged from the cavity was located on the land the village council had designated as being reserve. Pearl’s mind was racing with the opportunities that might present themselves for the insect community. There wasn't a moment to lose. She had to find out as much as she could before returning to the others.
Pearl flew down from the tree and back into the aperture at the top of the rocky outcrop. It required some hard flying against the rush of hot air escaping from the cavity below. Down she flew in wide circles and landed on the roof of the turret-like house. Again she talked out loud to herself; she secretly missed having the others with her to share what she was seeing. 'Hmmm it is just after 4.30p.m. I still have time to do some more exploring'.
Pearl took off again and resumed her journey further north along the cavity to go and investigate the area of brighter lights she had seen earlier. As she flew on, the walls changed from all limestone, to alternating sections of limestone, rock and clay. Here there were no more stalagmites or stalactites. Before Pearl reached the lights she noticed an amazing thing. In one rocky area on the western side was quite a large cave in which there were thousands of perfectly formed quartz crystals. The crystals were of many different sizes ranging from small fragments to ones as large as or even larger than the ones she had seen on top of the stalagmites. Some had spilled out onto the cavity floor. Pearl landed nearby to take a look. She realised, now knowing where the cavity lay in relation to the stream, that this area must be below the quartz at the end of Louie’s tunnel. In fact it would be the same quartz but much lower down under the ground. Here though, Pearl surmised, immense pressure must have fractured the quartz into the thousands of crystals she could see.
Pearl pondered out loud once more to herself, still feeling slightly nervous about what she was finding. ‘If these crystals are from the same quartz that is at the end of Louie’s tunnel, if I go close to them they should glow blue!’
Pearl tried it; sure enough the crystals closest to her did indeed glow blue, this surely confirmed that here was part of the same quartz that was at the end of Louie’s tunnel. Yes, the end of Louie’s tunnel would be some distance vertically above where Pearl stood.
Just as a note to give the reader a greater understanding of the properties of the crystals. It should perhaps be mentioned that the loose crystals, not being under any pressure and thus being devoid of any electrical forces, presented no possibility for Pearl to be transformed to the blue nymph state. However as theory would have it, Pearl (having been conditioned by the electric fields of her streetlight apartment) still caused the "glowing blue business" when in close proximity to the crystals - just thought we would pop that one in, in case you were wondering! 
Moving on. To Pearl it was obvious that the cave she had found, must have been where the crystals that formed the lights had come from, but how did the creatures that used to live, or still lived here, make them glow and give off heat?  It was a puzzle.
In the area at the bottom of the cavity, where the water used to flow, there were several pieces of crystal that had spilled from the fractured pile. They were glowing and giving off heat. After what Pearl had seen inside the homes, where crystals had been controlled with water, she was beginning to think that there must be something special about the water that once flowed. It appeared that the water must affect the quartz or react with it in some way.
The cave in the wall from which the crystals had spilled was dark and appeared to extend some distance back into the side of the cavity. The crystals filled the entrance of the cave to about halfway up. Pearl thought to herself if she flew into the cave just above the crystals and made them glow, there should be enough light to see how far it went in. She did this and hovered and looked. 
In the resulting electric blue glow, Pearl could see right to the back where there was a solid quartz face - a quartz face just the same as it was at the end of Louie’s tunnel. "Surely", she thought, "I could go through this face and come out at the village bank; just as we do with the quartz at the end of Louie’s tunnel?"  
Pearl was thinking about giving it a try when she realised something, and stopped in a hover and gasped. She was terrified at the thought of what could have happened. If she had gone through the quartz from the cave where she was, she might have come back into Louie’s tunnel! There she would be trapped because the tunnel entrance was locked from the outside. Nobody would have known she was there. Louie and Lulu would be the only ones that could ever find her and it might have taken weeks! It would be something to try out later when Louie and Lulu were with her. It had possibly been a very lucky escape. A relieved Pearl flew out of the cave and revisited her objective to find out what the bright lights she had seen were all about. 
When Pearl arrived at the brightly lit area, she found it to be very hot. There were crystal lights everywhere, some on ceramic supports, others fixed to the cavity wall. It was similar to where the homes were located in that it was as bright as daylight. Here she found some answers to a few things that had puzzled her. 
The area Pearl was looking at was large and set inside a huge recess extending back into the cavity wall. The recess was maybe a hundred metres wide and extended some fifty metres or more back. She could see to the left where clay and limestone had been quarried from two distinct areas. These two areas were separated by rock. 
Nearby to the quarries and to the right was a building made of clay bricks. Pearl ventured over to the building where inside she found half a dozen brick chambers with ceramic troughs at the base. These troughs were filled with hundreds of glowing crystals. It quickly became apparent to Pearl that most of the chambers were in fact furnaces or kilns for the production of ceramics. At the base of the chambers, the tops of the troughs were covered with the same material used for the windows she had seen in the homes. This meant that when looking into a furnace chamber, the glowing crystals could be seen through a "glass" base in the trough below. Additionally a door, made of the same "glass" material, could be shut to enclose the ceramics being "fired". The principle of operation was similar to that of ceramic cook tops that Pearl had seen in the homes, there were ceramic taps to fill the troughs with water or empty them. The difference here was that it was on a much larger scale and designed to run at higher temperatures. Yes what Pearl had discovered was where all the ceramic components: pipes, window frames, tiles, taps, household shelves, cupboards, cooking utensils etc had been made by these amazing creatures. Of course with no water the furnaces were running at full blast and it made it almost unbearably hot for Pearl to be inside the building. Something Pearl couldn't quite fathom was that with the tremendous heat being generated by the crystals in these furnaces, why didn't they melt or liquefy? Yes there were many unanswered questions. 
Apart from the ceramics furnaces there was one other large furnace that was in the form of a ceramic hopper. There were crystals heating a ceramic plate at the bottom. Spilling from an opening at the front of the hopper were grey powdery rocks. Pearl, after a bit of pondering realised what it was. It was a limestone kiln for making burnt lime or a form of cement. Cement would have been used to set window frames in place and make the paths and steps she had seen outside the homes. Cement would have also been needed to make mortar and join the ceramic pipe sections that had been used for water supplies and drainage - amongst, no doubt, many other things. Truly Amazing! 
However this was only part of what was even more amazing. In front of the hopper was a crusher that incorporated a series of ceramic rollers. The crusher was made to crush what came out of the kiln into a fine powder - cement. This crusher (believe it or not) was driven by a steam engine! Yes Pearl had read about such things in the village library. At the risk of boring the non-technically minded reader, what we had here was an oil free, ceramic, steam piston engine - something humans at this time haven't even fully developed!  But that wasn't all either, no! With this steam engine there was no boiler as was normal with conventional steam engines. This steam engine incorporated thick walled ceramic cylinders in which had obviously been imbedded glowing quartz crystals. With the energy supplied by the embedded crystals, the cylinder walls were glowing red. The way it all worked was quite straightforward and simple! Water, which was dripped into the hot cylinders, immediately flashed to steam and drove the pistons down. When the piston was at the bottom of the stroke, a port was uncovered and the cylinder was then scavenged by the inertia of the escaping steam. A flywheel carried the piston back up. At the top of the stroke the piston pushed a valve up and let another charge of water "drop in" - clever stuff! 
The steam engine was linked through a series of ceramic cogs to the crusher. Pearl was just agog at what she was seeing. Apart from the crusher there was other equipment that could be driven by the steam engine. Pearl wasn't sure what the other equipment had been used for, no doubt in time more would be known. What really excited Pearl was that, if it became possible for the insect community to live down in the cavity, the technology she could see around her could be developed further. There were all sorts of exciting possibilities.
Next to the furnaces and the crusher was a large room. Around the walls on shelves were hundreds of baked clay dyes for the forming of all the components these creatures had made. As with the homes there were hieroglyphic symbols in many places. There were large ceramic mixing tubs where once clay and water would have been mixed to a "dough" to be moulded in one of the many dyes. With the overwhelming heat, Pearl didn’t dwell too long. She moved outside once more to see what else she could find. 
Some distance to the right of the quarries and the ceramics building, was what appeared to be a mine of sorts with associated buildings, again constructed of clay bricks. On closer inspection Pearl discovered that the mine was a source of high quality mica that could be easily split into transparent sheets (isinglass). This material had been used to form windows, the bases and doors of the furnace chambers, and the water boxes around the lights in the homes. The mica mine extended well into the side of the cavity. Pearl looked into the mine access and was amazed at what she saw. A carefully constructed and well lit tunnel extended into the distance to the face where the mica had been extracted. 
Pearl flew back into the middle of the cavity where it was cooler, and landed. She then looked back at where the quarries and mica mine stood bathed in the light from the crystals. She wondered. "Why had this site been chosen to quarry the clay and limestone? There were other areas of clay and limestone closer to where the previous inhabitants had lived". 
Pearl looked closely; she found what she thought to be the answer. At the back of the quarry and mine site was a hole quite high up in the area that was solid rock (this was between the clay and limestone quarries). She could see where once water would have flowed out of this hole, then down the rock face and along in a stream to the area where she stood. To form the clay for the ceramics, gravity fed water would have been required and here was the supply. In fact she could see the pipe work that would have been used to draw the water off, then feed the water down and across to the ceramics building. 
It puzzled Pearl and she pondered to herself. "Why has this source of water dried up as well? It must have come from the same source as the main stream that flowed through the cavity". Then she remembered, yes! It was earlier on when she was with the others and they were walking down the tunnel from the chamber. They had passed a diversion where water would have run off down another tunnel. Pearl surmised that the diverted water must have run through tunnels and cavities above and behind the homes and come out here at the back of the quarries and mica mine. 
Pearl was excited and started talking aloud to herself again. ‘It’s a bit of a long shot, but this diversion must have provided the water supply to the homes. It would have been high enough up to gravity feed a supply with reasonable pressure. Hmmm! I bet I am right!’
Pearl was indeed right as we shall find out in due course!
Pearl wanted to find out as much as she could before returning to the others, so she took off and flew on past the quarry and mine area. 
As Pearl flew on, the cavity became smaller and narrower. The walls changed to continuous solid rock, it was probably another lava tube and there was a gentle slope down. There was still adequate lighting with strategically placed glowing crystals along the walls. Pearl noticed that the air was now cooler. She couldn’t be sure but the air she was flying in seemed to have a slight smell of the sea?
Pearl flew for another five minutes or more to the end where the lava tube opened out into a rocky chamber with rough and jagged solidified lava walls. There were no signs of any creatures having lived here but there were a few more strategically placed glowing crystals to give adequate light. The previous inhabitants must have come here for some reason.
Forming the base of the chamber was a very large pad of lava that had been smoothed by the action of flowing water. Through this pad was a myriad of vertical holes giving the appearance of a giant grey slab of Swiss cheese. It was possible the lava had engulfed the vertical trunks of trees that had then been burnt out by the tremendous heat and had left holes through the now solid rock. The amazing thing was that up through these holes came strong blasts of cold air.
What Pearl deduced was that the heat created by all the glowing crystals throughout the entire cavity system was resulting in a chimney effect. Cold air was coming up through the holes to replace the heated air that disappeared on up the tunnel to the chamber where the others were. A small amount of the warm air was of course rising out of the vertical tunnel where Pearl had gained access to the surface, maybe there were other such vents.
Pearl ventured close to one of the holes. The blast of air coming up was far too strong to ever consider flying down. Pearl marvelled at the process at work and the significance of what she had found. These holes were not only a constant supply of fresh air to the entire cavity, but this was where the water once flowed out and then on some way presumably to the sea. Yes as Pearl had thought, there was definitely a smell of the sea in the air coming in. Maybe someday she would know more.
Pearl surmised that because the holes were relatively small it had prevented access to the cavity by humans or other larger creatures. She couldn't help thinking what a wonderfully safe place it must have been for the previous inhabitants to live.
She looked above her at the ceiling in the chamber. There appeared to be a tunnel going upwards and then turning horizontally to the north. There was quite a lot of light. Was it daylight and perhaps another access to the outside that she could see?
Pearl was by now getting tired and decided to leave investigation of the tunnel above for another day, besides which she was unsure about the effects of the strong updraft of air coming up through the holes. She could be blown up to the ceiling and out through a hole at the top if she wasn’t careful. Virgil and Virginia might be the ones to help her here; they knew all about flying in updrafts.
Pearl flew back to where the homes were dotted along the western wall and alighted on the limestone floor once more. She looked around her and reflected again on what she could see, it was another world; it was unbelievable. As she had thought before, what a wonderful secure place to live, the only problem - there was no water. Pearl still found it hard to comprehend that in all the years she had lived by the stream, this amazing place had remained untouched and undiscovered.
Looking north again Pearl noticed something she had seen earlier but didn't know what it might be for. It was a solid wall extending east-west across the base of the cavity. From where she stood she now realised what it was. The previous occupants had built a dam; it had been constructed just past where the line of homes ended. Pearl could see that the bottom of the cavity fell away relatively steeply outside the line of homes, levelled out, and then rose again steeply over towards the eastern side. Pearl surmised from the height and position of the dam that the lake would have extended all the way back to a point past where the first home had been excavated. An incredible amount of work had been done. How beautiful it must have looked with the stalagmites rising from the lake and the crystals shining brightly at the top. 
Right in the middle of the floor of the cavity was a flat raised area of limestone that would have formed an island, roughly in the middle of the lake. Covering the island was another area of soil, similar to what she had seen in various areas along the eastern side. All the areas of soil that Pearl had seen appeared to be rich in texture as though they had been formed from composted vegetation mixed with possibly clay and lime. With no water nothing grew now of course. 
Looking across to the eastern side and behind the "island", Pearl could see what looked like an extended strip of sand. When the lake had been there this must have been a beach! "What luxury", thought Pearl. "To have all this in one place!" 
Along the so called beach were a series of glowing crystals, mounted on clay pedestals at close intervals, perhaps these were placed there for sunbathing! Further on behind the beach were more extensive areas of soil.
Beyond the homes and just past the dam, Pearl could see pipe ends that once would have provided drainage from the homes. Pearl was still mystified as to exactly how water had been supplied but somehow knew it must have come from water that flowed up behind the homes and came out at the quarry and mica mine. There was indeed much more to be investigated at another time.
Pearl sat marvelling at what she saw for about twenty minutes. She could have sat for hours thinking about the possibilities. She was excited. She looked up at the turret-like house on the stalagmite, it fascinated her. Maybe someday it would be her home where she could watch over her Queendom and the streamside insects could live down here in the cavity in a safe and secure environment.
Suddenly Pearl realised what the time was, it was just after 5.30p.m. She had to get back to the others before 7.00p.m, otherwise they would leave the chamber as she had instructed. She thought for a moment. "It would be quicker to go outside and fly back to the falls, then down into the chamber where the rest of the team would be waiting. I could probably do it in about three quarters of an hour if I take a short cut and don't follow the line of the stream". 
Pearl looked around once more; she really was reluctant to leave. She tried her smell phone in the hope of contacting the others but it was no good. It was time to go. She was about to fly up to the ceiling of the cavity and through the tunnel to the outside world when she stopped for a moment. There was something different. Initially she couldn't make out what it was; then it clicked. The crystals weren't glowing quite as brightly as they had been. It was almost as though they were dimming as the sun went down up on the surface. Maybe they were influenced by some form of cosmic radiation from the sun that penetrated the depths of the cavity. Pearl's mind was racing with the search for answers.
'I have to go now!' said Pearl sternly and out loud to herself. 'I can't let the others down'. Pearl was off; up to the opening in the cavity ceiling she went. Once out the aperture and above the bush of the reserve, she climbed and turned towards the hills in the west. The late afternoon sun, now low in the sky, was directly in front of her. Pearl shaded her eyes for a moment to get her bearings, then set course and flew as fast as she could, back to tell the others what she had found.
####
Meantime, back at the chamber, the rest of the team had arrived some time earlier and it was getting on towards 6.00p.m. Louie and the Ten Ants had moved the pile of sticks and grass closer to the tunnel ready to light the fire. The hope was that some of the light of the fire would shine down the tunnel and make it easier for Pearl when she returned. To fill in time while waiting for Pearl, Louie and Lulu had flown out the top of the chamber and dropped down more twigs and dry grass so that there would be plenty to keep the fire going well into the evening, assuming she would arrive back safely.
Just after 6.00p.m. Louie lit the fire. It was getting darkish in the chamber now. With the sun setting in the west on the other side of the hill, there was less light coming in the opening near the top of the chamber. The warmth and light from the fire restored the insect’s spirits. Nobody was saying much, they were worried about their precious Queen, Pearl Baker-Moth. Even Tiger and Lily sensed there was something up and kept saying to their parents. ‘Wa’s up Mummy, wa’s up Daddy, where’s Arny Bell?’
The insects sat in silence and waited. They watched the smoke from the fire being carried up by the warm air coming out of the tunnel, the tunnel from which they hoped they would see Pearl re-emerge. As promised to Pearl they had the red wine ready for when she should return. Virginia and Lulu had prepared the evening meal. Every so often Virgil would go to the tunnel entrance and peer into the black for any sign of Pearl. No there was nothing.
At about twenty past six, they all heard it, the familiar fluttering sound that Pearl made when she was flying. But surprise surprise! It wasn’t coming from the tunnel; no it was above them, coming down the chamber. On looking up through the light haze of the smoke from the fire, not only could they see a moth descending towards them, but this moth was yahooing a bit like the Ten Ants did when they were excited! Could this really be Pearl Baker-Moth, surely not?
Of course it was Pearl; she was just so excited about what she had found and what she had to tell. When Pearl landed it was hugs and tears of relief that she was alright. Poor Pearl was just about flattened with the welcoming from everybody, especially from two little bees who would just not let her go. The Ten Ants cheered and danced around now that Pearl was back amongst them.
‘Oh thank you thank you everybody for being so patient', said Pearl relieved to be back. 'I have got so much to tell you, everything is all right we are perfectly safe. As far as I can tell there is absolutely nothing to worry about. Let’s all have a red wine and tea, you must be hungry. Afterwards I will tell all’.
Pearl sat down in front of the fire. She was physically exhausted from the effort of flying back as fast as she could. Louie poured a red wine for her; then poured one for himself and the others. The Ten Ants had some of Louie’s famous fermented honey-nectar. Tiger and Lily had dandelion milk with just a drop or two of red wine added, yum! There was a bit of a risk here of course that the two wee bees could end up being naughtier than usual but who cared, Pearl was back!
The mood was one of extreme happiness as the team relaxed over tea in front of the fire. Tiger and Lily were of course under strict instructions not to toast any more chocolate cake on the end of a stick!
After tea Louie and the Ten Ants piled up the fire so the flames rose high and shadows danced around and up the walls of the chamber. Virgil dragged one of the containers close to the fire so they could all lean against it while sitting on the sand. 
In front of the fire the Bee Family snuggled up together, as did Virgil and Virginia. The Ten Ants seated themselves in a row in front of them then Pearl propped herself up and relayed the incredible story she had to tell - about such things as the homes, the glowing crystals, the turret-like house, the holes where the air came in, the quarries, the lake, the access behind the Nest Cafe and even about furnaces and the steam engine. Yes there was a lot to tell. It took Pearl at least a couple of hours.
It was much later that they all fell asleep, dreaming about the wonderful things Pearl had told them. 

Louie the Bee - Chapter 6
A Shocking Truth is Revealed.

The insects slept soundly on the soft sand at the bottom of the huge chamber until about 7.00a.m. The previous night of course they had all stayed up and sat around the fire to listen to Pearl talking about what she had seen and found. They couldn’t wait to go and explore for themselves. They had talked late into the night until dropping off to sleep virtually where they sat.
It was a peaceful little scene early in the morning. In front of the ashes of the fire was Pearl, her beautiful wings spread out over the sand with her head down, sound asleep. Next was the line of Ten Ants, all lying on their backs in little hollows of sand with their legs in the air. Maybe this was a form of anty social behaviour! Who knows, whatever it was it was quite delightful. 
Louie and Lulu were snuggled up together, close to the container Virgil had put into position for them to lean on. Tiger and Lily were clutching the backs of their parents, pulling themselves into their fur for warmth and comfort. Virgil and Virginia were clutching each other tightly, close to the Bee Family.
There were light snuffly snoring sounds coming from the whole group as they continued to doze, lost in dreams about underground cities and other such things. 
Just before 7.00a.m, (before the insects had awoken) high above where they lay asleep, an amazingly beautiful spectacle was unfolding. The sun of course had by now risen in the east. It was just beginning to shine directly through the waterfall and on through the hole near the top of the chamber. A gentle, early morning easterly breeze had driven misty spray off the waterfall into the interior of the chamber. Far above the sleeping insects was an intensely vivid rainbow. The rays of the sun were being refracted by the myriads of fine water droplets in the spray. The walls of the chamber near the top were lit with violet, blue, green, orange and red bands of colour.
Because the sunlight coming in at the top of the chamber was constantly moving with the movement of the waterfall, the rainbow was changing in a spectacular fashion similar to an aurora. 
Louie was the first to wake and see the amazing sight. He sat up with a start, initially wondering where he was. What were these lights above him? Tiger fell off Louie’s back and muttered a couple of ‘wa’s ups’ and one or two ‘helps’. 
Louie gave Lulu a tug and whispered. ‘Lulu wakeup, look above you. Look at the sun coming into the chamber!’ Lulu woke and gasped at the sight. Louie carefully went around and woke everyone else and then went back to Lulu and the two wee bees. Louie and Lulu held on to Tiger and Lily and pointed up to the lights above. Pearl came over to join them.
‘Isn’t that just the most spectacular thing’, said Pearl in a soft whisper. She explained to the others (in particular the two dragonflies and the Ten Ants) what was causing it. Nobody knew why they were whispering, it was almost as if they made a sound they might scare the beautiful sight away! 
 The insects sat and watched for a quarter hour or more until the angle at which the sun shone into the hole, no longer produced the rainbow effect. They all lay on the sand a little longer and thought about where they were and what Pearl had told them last night. Life was indeed exciting!
With the spectacular sight now over and the sun in position to provide plenty of light in the chamber, the insects began preparing for the day ahead. There was an incentive to get moving, they were all anxious to go and see what Pearl had discovered the day before.
Over breakfast they discussed where they should stay for their last night. They could stay at the "Lost City" as Pearl described it for want of a better word, or return for one more night to the chamber where they were now. Ultimately it was agreed that they would return to the chamber. This option made it easier for Virgil and Virginia as they could leave the containers behind. Pearl suggested that rather than walking down the tunnel again, it would be easier to fly out the top and back along the route she had returned the previous evening.
The plan for the day was settled. Before heading off to explore, it was decided to first get everything ready for the return in the evening. Louie, Lulu and Pearl brought down water and gathered more firewood from outside the hill. Virgil and Virginia also assisted with the collecting of the firewood so that they could have a really big fire on the last night. The Ten Ants, Tiger and Lily gathered up the firewood while the others were up the top of the chamber, throwing it down. It was good team work.
By 10.00a.m. the work was done and they were ready to depart. Virgil called the Ten Ants aboard. Tiger and Lily were to fly on the backs of their parents once more. Pearl was to lead the way followed by the Bee Family then Virgil and Virginia at the rear. Virgil and Virginia suggested that they all stop for refreshments at their hangar on the way. Yea! What a good idea.
The insects took off under instruction from Pearl. In wide circles they wended their way to the top of the chamber then into the cave at the top of the falls. Pearl led them out into the sunshine. She could see the village well away in the distance to the northeast and flew in this direction. It was a pleasant lazy decent from the top of the falls down to the lowlands. The Ten Ants were chattering, Tiger and Lily were making happy noises, Louie and Lulu glanced at each other and smiled. Virgil and Virginia who were at the rear, glided and played doing wide zigzags and steep turns around the odd updraft rising from the sun warmed land below. The thrill of the steep turns had the Ten Ants yahooing at the top of their voices and saying. ‘Do it again Virgil, Do it again Virgil!’ 
Forty five minutes later they were closing in on the stream close to where they all lived. Here Pearl veered slightly to the north and flew on towards Virgil’s hangar. It had been a wonderful exhilarating run down from the hills.
Tiger and Lily were secretly quite excited at stopping for refreshments at the hangar. They had noticed on previous occasions that Virgil and Virginia had all sorts of interesting things in the food department that they served to tourists before taking them on flights (or frights!). It was a case of making a special effort to be good bees just in case they might spoil their chances of sampling some of the goodies!
Virgil and Virginia were certainly kind and generous dragonflies. They put on a really superb spread for the team. The two small bees both had a grin from ear to ear while stuffing themselves with chocolate cake and pollen biscuits dipped in whipped dandelion cream! The two little blighters were quiet apart from the occasional utterance of ‘yum’!
The insects stayed at Virgil and Virginia's hangar for a little over an hour, relaxing and chatting amongst themselves while having lunch. It was very pleasant sitting outside in the shade of a Rhododendron bush while looking out over the stream. Pearl briefed them on the route she would take to the entrance to the cavity.
 Before they departed, Louie and Lulu cleared things away for Virgil and Virginia. They then attended to a bit of cleaning required for two little bees who had stuffed food in a little too quickly. Relatively speaking though, Tiger and Lily had been quite good little bees today! (So far).
Just after midday the team assembled outside the hangar ready to follow Pearl. She led them down to stream level. Then it was on along the stream, past the bee’s house and on to the Nest Cafe. At the Nest Cafe Pearl turned west and gained altitude to fly over the bush of the reserve land. A short distance from the Nest Cafe she descended and flew down to where the rocky outcrop was located. She flew into the opening at the top and along to the vertical tunnel that led to the cavity below. The others followed.
Once they were in the vertical tunnel it was power off and a floating descent in the warm rising air. On they went, down to the lights of the crystals that they could see, a long way down below. Once down into the cavity, Pearl turned to the south and led the team to a spot some distance out from the front of the empty homes. Here they landed on the smooth creamy white limestone floor on the bed of what once had been a lake.
Pearl smiled and looked around at the others to see their reactions. The spectacular sight of the large glowing crystals on top of the numerous stalagmites had the others speechless, including Tiger and Lily!
‘What I suggest’, said Pearl, after an extended period of silence. ‘I would like to take Virgil and Virginia with me to the chamber at the end of the cavity to the north. I want to see if there is another access to the outside. Louie; if you, Lulu, Tiger, Lily and the Ten Ants would like to remain here and do some exploring, we will be back in say about two hours and we can compare notes on what we have found’.
‘Right will do - good idea Pearl’, said Louie excited at the prospect of doing some exploring and looking at the homes.
While Louie and the others gathered around and discussed what they would do, Pearl, Virgil and Virginia took off and headed north.
On the way Pearl stopped and showed Virgil and Virginia the quarry area and the mica mine. While they were here they took the opportunity to fly up to the hole in the rocky wall where the water once flowed out. Pearl had hoped there might be a possibility to fly in and along to see where possibly the homes obtained their water supply. However there was not enough light to proceed. Being absolutely dry there were of course no glow-worms.
Disappointed, Pearl took Virgil and Virginia on to the rock chamber where the air came up through the holes in the rock. Here the trio landed and Pearl asked for Virgil’s advice about the safety of flying in the air coming up from below.
Virgil looked at the situation and discussed it with Virginia. Yes it was worth a go. It would be best to fly straight out over the holes and let the air take them up the chamber and just see what happened. 
Virgil and Virginia took off while Pearl sat and watched. Once the two dragonflies were over the blasts of air, they were immediately lifted high up in the chamber. About halfway up the blast had dissipated and they were able to fly normally. Virgil and Virginia then moved away from being directly over the rising air and were carried down in a gentle down-draft to land beside Pearl once more.
Pearl watched, yes the air rose in a rush to about halfway up then descended down the walls of the chamber - before heading away and along the cavity system. 
‘This could be fun’, said Virginia. ‘Watch this!’ 
Virginia flew into the updraft and quickly rose up the chamber. She then moved out towards the wall and into the descending air. She floated down then went around again with a couple of "yippees" as she rose for the second time.
When Virginia landed after three circuits, she smiled; then glancing at Virgil said. ‘The Ten Ants would just love this!!’
Virgil laughed then said to Pearl. ‘It looks pretty safe to me, have a go Pearl’.
Pearl did. She loved it. With not having quite the control of the big wings of a dragonfly, Pearl was tumbled a couple of times on the way up and uttered a few "yippees", "helps" and "oh my goshes"! She then gently fluttered down again, close to the chamber wall where the air descended.
‘That was just fantastic!’ said Pearl landing beside her two companions. ‘Let’s all go up and check if there is access to the outside at the top’.
‘Right’, said Virgil. ‘There may be air coming down from the outside. It could make it a struggle flying up but let’s go and see'. 
The trio took off and launched themselves into the updraft. Again Pearl tumbled up some distance before regaining control. The two dragonflies were buffeted and rocked around but it was all good fun. Midway up the chamber, where the air was relatively free of turbulence, they commenced flying in wide circles on up towards to where they thought there maybe access to the outside. Just below the ceiling was a rocky ledge, here they landed to rest and check out the situation.
Above them they could see where a tunnel rose vertically a short distance then headed horizontally to the north. There was plenty of light coming from the horizontal section. There didn’t seem to be any airflow down from the tunnel so maybe it wasn’t an access to the outside after all.
‘Tell you what’, said Virgil. ‘I will fly up and take a look, you two stay here’.
Pearl and Virginia agreed. Virgil flew off up and disappeared from view. 
Virgil was gone for about five minutes before he came racing back out of the tunnel. He flew a wide circle at the top of the chamber and landed beside Pearl and Virginia. 
Virgil didn’t say anything for a moment. Words wouldn’t come out; he was devastated at what he had seen. 
‘What is it?’ chorused Virginia and Pearl, anxious to know what he had found.
‘It’s terrible and very sad’, said Virgil at last. ‘Come up and have a look for yourselves, but be prepared for a shock’.
Pearl and Virginia could see Virgil was very upset and didn’t question him further. Virgil took off again, and Pearl and Virginia followed. Up they went then they turned into the horizontal section. They flew into what was a long large limestone cave. There were crystals strategically placed to give plenty of light. On the right was a large ceramic door with windows either side. The doors and windows were similar to those of the homes back in the main cavity except here they were larger. Virgil landed some distance away from the door; Virginia and Pearl landed beside him.
Virgil spoke, he was almost in tears. ‘That door you can see on the right opens into a very large room that the previous inhabitants have used to store things. The construction is similar to that of the homes in the cavity; it has been excavated out of the limestone’.
Virgil paused overcome with emotion. ‘Pearl I think you should take a look on your own first. You will see what I mean when you go in. I will give you some time then I will bring Virginia in with me’.
Pearl not knowing what on earth to expect advanced towards the door and opened it. She looked in. Pearl clasped her hands to her face and just simply said. ‘Oh no, no, no, it can’t be!’ She moved inside.
What Pearl saw was indeed shocking. When Pearl had been on her own for about quarter of an hour, Virgil took Virginia in to join her. The three of them spent at least an hour and a half looking at and analysing what they saw. The three agreed that they would relay to the others what they had seen, around the fire in the evening. There were many things to think about, let alone get over the shock…………. What could it be that they had seen? 
####  

Meantime, while Pearl, Virgil and Virginia had been away, the Bee Family and the Ten Ants had been checking out the homes along the wall in the cavity. The Ten Ants had agreed to meet back in an hour or so and had gleefully run off to see what they could find.
‘Be careful’, said Louie as the excited ants ran off looking in the windows of the homes.
‘We will’, Import had called back from some distance away. 
Tiger and Lily had dismounted from the backs of their parents but stayed close and clung onto them for reassurance. There was quite a lot for small bees to try and comprehend with all the glowing crystals and the large stalagmites and stalactites. They were very quiet little bees.
Louie with his arm around Lulu, and Tiger and Lily at their sides, walked into one of the homes to have a look. They saw everything Pearl had described to them. The home they were in had six rooms or more. Tiger and Lily forgot about the awe inspiring sight outside and scampered around exploring. Louie and Lulu watched them for a moment.
‘Wouldn’t it be great to live down here Louie’, said Lulu. ‘Especially during the winter’.
‘You are so right Lulu’, said Louie holding his beloved Lulu close to him. ‘These homes are so beautifully made. Of course the problem is; there is no water’.
Louie looked at the pipe work that once supplied water to the kitchen and bathroom areas. ‘Look Lulu, by the direction these pipes come in there must have been a water supply along the back of the homes within the limestone itself. I remember Pearl mentioned something about it’.
‘You are right my bee’, said Lulu.
‘I’ve got an idea’, said Louie. ‘Let’s go and fly along the wall above the homes and see if we can find anything’.
Lulu agreed. Tiger and Lily were rounded up, and as a special treat were allowed to fly by themselves - after of course having repeated the five things they had to remember when flying independent of their parents!
Louie led the way and flew up towards the ceiling of the cavity. Lulu, Tiger and Lily followed. They flew south along the wall to just past where the homes commenced. They all saw it. High up was a perfectly formed opening that looked like a tube going into the limestone wall. There were a few crystal lights inside.
‘I’ll fly in and have a look’, said Louie. ‘You three fly around outside while I make sure it is safe’.
‘Careful Louie’, Lulu called out to her mate.
Louie flew in. It was a long narrow horizontal tube that had been excavated into the limestone. It was lit with several crystals attached to the wall so Louie could easily see where he was going. The end of the tube opened into a horizontal tunnel forming a ‘T’ junction. Looking from the limestone tube, Louie could see that the far side of the tunnel was rock and the near side was limestone. Louie could also see by the smoothness of the floor of the tunnel that water had once flowed.
Louie studied what he had found for a moment; Ah yes! He could see it all now. The end of the limestone tube had been excavated low enough to allow some of the water from the tunnel to run along to a hollowed out section in the floor of the tube. From this hollowed out section there was another smaller excavated tube, or rather a pipe, leading down and away that would have taken the water to the homes. The hollowing out of the tube leading to the homes would have possibly been done by ants in a manner similar to what White Ant Excavators did for the insect community along the stream. The thing was here though that those who had done this work had gone to a tremendous amount of effort. It must have taken years and possibly a large number of ants. 
An excited Louie flew back out of the tube and called the others in. As a precautionary measure Louie requested that Tiger and Lily sit on the backs of their parents. He didn’t want any small bees falling down excavated tubes!
Louie and Lulu marvelled at what they saw. Tiger and Lily couldn’t quite comprehend what it was all about and kept pointing at things and saying, ‘wozzat?’ ‘wozzat?’ Louie and Lulu laughed, Tiger and Lily had such puzzled looks on their faces.
Louie and Lulu moved back to the entrance of the limestone tube and looked out. They were near the top of the soft chalky limestone strata where the homes had been excavated at the base. It was two thirds of the way up from the bottom of the cavity so the pressure of the water supplied to the homes would have been more than adequate. 
Lulu turned and looked to the north. Quite some distance away she could see the turret-like house on the stalagmite. ‘Look at that Louie’, said Lulu. ‘We are higher than the turret-like house on the stalagmite further along there; presumably a pipe has been excavated from the supply along here through the limestone up to there as well’.
‘It’s mind boggling the amount of work that has gone into creating this place’, Louie replied.
‘Pearl was right about the water supply’, said Lulu. ‘The water would have come all the way from that diversion we saw, along the tunnel at the back here and on down to the quarries and mica mine’.
‘I agree Lulu’, said Louie. ‘I can’t wait to tell Pearl about what we have found. Tell you what, we have got a bit more time left before the others are due back, let’s go and look at the quarries and the mica mine for ourselves’.
It was half past two, Pearl Virgil and Virginia weren’t due back until about a quarter past three. Louie and Lulu with Tiger and Lily safely mounted on their backs, flew off to look at the quarry and mine area.
As Pearl had said, the quarry and mine area was very hot. Tiger and Lily had dismounted from there parents but stayed close, they weren’t too fussed about the heat and uttered a couple of tentative ‘we go now's?’ Because of the ‘we go now’s' Louie and Lulu decided not to linger too long. Louie had wanted to go and have a look at the steam engine and the furnaces Pearl had talked about, however they could do this at another time (the sacrifices we have to make for our children!). Tiger and Lily were asked to climb back up on the backs of their parents and they took a flight over the area. At least with flying and moving through the air, it kept the four a little cooler. Louie and Lulu checked out the hole in the rock where the water had originally flowed out; then they flew close to the entrance of the mica mine and hovered outside. Yes it was just so incredibly impressive what had been created.
The four bees, amazed by what they had seen, departed from the quarry and mine area and crossed the cavity to fly along the eastern wall. They could see the large areas of soil and what was once an island. The island of course rose from an area now devoid of water. There was the strip of sand that once formed a beach and then there was the dam.
From what they could see the dam must have taken many, many years to construct. In human terms it was near five to six metres high in the middle - this was where the cavity floor was at its lowest. As far as width was concerned it extended at least a couple of hundred metres; this in insect terms was mind bogglingly massive. Louie and Lulu surmised that a large proportion, if not all, of the dam must have been constructed from the material excavated from the homes. Louie was curious about the construction of the dam and suggested they fly over to take a look. 
What Louie was really wondering was how had the dam been constructed when no doubt water would have been flowing at the time. The dam appeared to have been constructed from powdered limestone or chalk (presumably excavated from the homes) that had maybe been mixed with water and allowed to dry and harden. However the drying and hardening process wouldn't be possible if water was flowing; parts would be washed away before it could ever be put in place. 
Irrespective of what Louie thought, the dam was there and very impressive it was. It was smooth in texture, a creamy grey in colour, wide at the base and narrow at the top. In human terms it was almost of a concrete construction. 
Still being curious, Louie and Lulu carrying Tiger and Lily; landed about the middle of the dam and took a walk along the top. It was Lulu who noticed it first. What she saw extended for a few metres in the centre. 'Look at this Louie, there is something slightly different in the structure here; there seem to be large blocks of limestone laid on top of one another'.
Lulu was right. What appeared to have been done was to build the western and eastern portions of the dam to the shores of the original river. Then large perfectly shaped blocks of limestone had been dropped in place to fill the remaining gap and block the flow. The mystery remained as to how such blocks could have been placed when they were far bigger and heavier than that any insect could ever lift. It was a puzzle; that was for sure. No doubt they would know in time.
Still somewhat mystified about the construction of the dam, the Bee Family took off to explore some more. The vastness of the cavity was just completely overwhelming. As they flew off further to the north they stared at what they could see and said little. 
At just after 3.00p.m. as arranged, the bees met up with the Ten Ants and waited for the others to return. The Ten Ants were terribly excited and said. ‘Do you think we could live down here Mr Louie?’
‘I don’t know’, said Louie a little despondently. ‘The problem is that there is no water’. 
Louie was right, with no water it was an inhospitable place and it would be impossible to live in the cavity for any length of time.
Louie, Lulu, Tiger and Lily along with the Ten Ants sat and waited for the others on the floor of the cavity. They were just below the turret-like house. Louie looked again over to where the island had once been and at the strip of sand away in the distance that had once formed a beach. He glanced at the homes along the wall. It was unbelievable; it was too good to be true. How could they get water down here?
Louie thought about how the previous inhabitants had cleverly diverted water out of the tunnel up behind the homes and then he had an idea! Yes they could get water down here, lots of it! Louie was dying to tell someone but it involved going through the quartz and working in the blue nymph form. He could tell Lulu but it wasn’t appropriate here in front of the Ten Ants. He would have to save it until later when he and Lulu could talk with Pearl.
Lulu noticed that Louie was smiling to himself about something and was about to ask him what was up when she was interrupted by a couple of utterances from Tiger and Lily. ‘We getting hungwy!’
Attention was immediately diverted away from Louie’s smiling and Louie said. ‘Sorry you two, we are just waiting for the others to come back then, we will go back to the chamber for the night’. 
Louie’s explanation wasn’t particularly satisfactory and there were a couple more ‘hungwy’s’ mixed with some grizzly unintelligible muttering from Tiger and Lily.
Fortunately at that moment, Tiger and Lily’s preoccupation with being ‘hungwy’ was diverted to other things, in particular the sight of the others arriving back. Pearl, Virgil and Virginia did a wide circle and landed gracefully beside them. 
Louie, excited about what they had found in relation to the water supply to the homes, was about to tell Pearl all about it. However he could see by the look on Pearl’s face that something was wrong, Virgil and Virginia were also very subdued.
‘What is it Pearl?’ said Louie. The Ten Ants gathered around sensing something was up.
Pearl paused for a moment then said. ‘I think we know what happened to the creatures that used to live here, it’s all very sad. If it is OK with you all, could we fly back to the chamber? I want to think about it some more before Virgil, Virginia and I talk about what we have seen. It would be a good time to relate what we have found, around the fire tonight’.
‘Of course it's alright Pearl’, said Louie. ‘Besides we have got two little blighters here that keep talking about being ‘hungwy’!’
Pearl smiled. What Louie had said broke the tension. Pearl went over to the two wee bees and gave them a hug. ‘Thank you, you little rascals for making us laugh, you are so precious. We will go back to the chamber now and we will deal with this ‘hungwy’ business!’
Tiger and Lily bounced up and down and hip hopped around shouting ‘Yea, Arny Bell is a good bee!’ Everybody laughed.
With the ‘hungwy’ issue to be urgently dealt with, the Ten Ants climbed aboard Virgil. Tiger and Lily climbed on the backs of their parents then it was off, back to the chamber where they would stay the last night. They took off and climbed to the access at the top of the cavity. Virgil and Virginia had lightened up a little by now and led the way. Once out of the aperture at the top, the two dragonflies made a beeline for the hills in the west, the others followed close behind.
Pearl flew at the rear on her own for a while, thinking about what she had seen. Louie slipped back a couple of times to make sure she was alright and let her know that he had a very, very exciting idea to discuss with her in the next few days. 
Pearl feeling better with Louie's encouragement, flew up alongside with Louie and Lulu, who of course had Tiger and Lily on their backs. Pearl glanced at the two little bees snuggled into their parent’s fur and smiled to herself. Yes everything was alright. 
At 5.00p.m. they arrived at the top of the falls. For safety, Virgil advised that it would be best to circle for a moment away from the falls and then to proceed into the cave one by one.
'Louie, Lulu', said Virgil. 'You two go first with Tiger and Lily; then Pearl. Virginia and I will follow last'.
Louie asked Lulu (with Lily on tightly to her back) to go first, then he followed close behind with Tiger. It was a good idea of Virgil's to proceed one by one. Being late afternoon the light was fading. They had to be careful as they navigated their way into the cave at the top of the falls and then on down the confines of the vertical tunnel to the chamber below. 
Once safely down on the floor of the chamber, the first issue of course was to deal with the ‘hungwy’ noises the two small bees kept making. They were both getting a little scratchy and tearful; it had been a long day. A couple of pollen biscuits and some dandelion milk sorted this out as an interim measure until later when they would have tea around the fire. Tiger and Lily were soon bouncing and hip hopping around again and getting in everybody’s way! Nobody minded.
Louie and the Ten Ants, along with some fairly unconstructive help from Tiger and Lily, set up the firewood to make a special fire for the last night. While all this was going on, Virginia, Pearl and Lulu prepared the evening meal. Virgil brought down some more water in the remaining empty wine containers, just in case they should need it. (Could be useful for cleaning two naughty little bees in the event of another chocolate cake mishap!)
Louie lit the fire just after 6.00p.m. and by 6.15p.m. they were all sitting around enjoying some red wine and some of Louie’s honey-nectar. The red wine and honey-nectar brought about a more relaxed atmosphere after what had been a fairly tense afternoon. Chatter about what they had seen started to flow freely.
The Ten Ants talked about a home they had found with twelve rooms. It would just suit them. Inform went on to describe how they had found a very large excavated facility that had possibly been used for storage and would be ideal for Virgil to set up a hangar. According to what the Ten Ants had seen there would be more than adequate room for Virgil and Virginia's fleet of wasps as well. Virgil and Virginia were very interested.
Louie and Lulu explained what they had found out about the water supply to the houses. Pearl sighed and said ‘Yes everything is there for us, if only we could get water. There must be a way’.
Virgil suggested perhaps getting White Ant excavators to create a tunnel and divert some of the stream water down to the cavity. It was agreed however, that in all reality it wouldn’t be a good idea to divert stream water away. The resulting reduced flow downstream from the draw off point could have some adverse affects; quite a lot of water would be required. Another issue was that it would be such a massive project for White Ant Excavators to undertake with the cavity being so far underground. 
There was a slight (only slight) air of despondency in the discussion. The insects had seen what a fantastic place the cavity could be to live, yet it could all go to waste through not being able to get water.
Of course Louie was dying to tell Pearl about his idea. He knew how water could flow through the cavity once again, but because it involved going through the quartz, he couldn’t say anything at this time. Pearl looked across to Louie; she could see he was suppressing some excitement about something. What was this exciting idea he had mentioned while flying on the way back in the afternoon? ‘Hmmm’ she thought. This clever loveable bee knows something!
Thoughts about the water were forgotten for a moment and attention was diverted back to Tiger and Lily when there were some quite emphatic utterances of ‘hungwy again’. They all laughed. Louie and the Ten Ants put some more wood on the fire. The fire lit up the chamber, far up the walls. The evening meal was served and the insects relaxed and enjoyed some more friendly banter about the events of the day and what they had seen. 
After tea Louie let the fire die down a little. There were masses of bright glowing red embers with a few small dancing flames. The insects sat around in a circle and prepared themselves to hear what Pearl was going to say. 
Pearl stood up. Her beautiful green feathery wings were folded behind her like an exquisite gown that only royalty would wear. Her beautiful face took on a red tinge from the glow of the embers. She looked absolutely magnificent. To the insects sitting in front of her, she was like a goddess. Pearl’s eyes were moist with emotion; they glistened and flashed like red jewels in the light of the embers. Tiger and Lily held on tightly to their parents, they were quiet and they knew that Pearl had something important to say.
Pearl spoke. ‘First of all, for the benefit of those who have not yet been to the end of the cavity - where it ends there is a chamber. At the top of this chamber is a large limestone cave leading away to the north.
‘In this cave there are plenty of crystal lights. When looking up from below, the presence of light originally made me think that here there could have been another access to the outside. No it was not the case, far from it. The cave doesn’t go anywhere.
‘Inside the cave to the right is a door to a very large room that has been excavated into the limestone. The door has windows on either side. The setup is similar to the homes we have all seen in the cavity, except here, the door and windows are much larger. 
‘The room was once used as a store room and contains many large ceramic pots which I suspect once contained emergency food and water supplies. It was possibly in case water levels rose and homes became flooded. Being high up it was probably a convenient place to keep supplies safe and away from rising water levels, who knows.
‘When I went into the room the sight before me was one I will never forget. At the end of the room were the remains of a hundred insects or more. They were all piled on top of each other as though they had been desperately trying to find a way out.
‘I knew immediately from what I saw that they had all been gassed. How did this happen? – Well the answer is straight above us here in this chamber’.
The insects seated in front of Pearl were absolutely quiet; they instinctively turned their heads and looked up.
‘We can’t see it now in the dark’, Pearl continued. ‘High above us is a lava plug that has filled a cave where water once flowed out into this chamber as a waterfall. Magma from deep below the earth’s crust must have risen under extreme pressure and emerged through a fissure into this cave. It’s possible an earthquake opened a small but deep fissure and allowed the magma to rise. The magma on reaching the cave came in contact with the water. It cooled and solidified to form the plug of lava we can see.
‘I noticed when I first came here that the plug of lava is riddled with what were once gas bubbles. The expansion of the magma on reaching the surface would have released toxic, heavier than air gases, such as hydrogen sulphide, sulphur dioxide, hydrogen chloride, plus possibly some deadly carbon monoxide'.
We remember of course Pearl, Louie and Lulu had read all about this sort of stuff in the village library. Virgil, Virginia and the Ten Ants were to some degree nonplussed by what Pearl was saying. In fact Virgil coughed quietly and cleared his throat in a way dragonflies do when nonplussed. However they all respected Pearl as their leader and listened intently to what she was saying.
Pearl paused to let everybody take in what she was saying and allow Virgil to finish his nonplussed type of coughing. She then continued. ‘The water coming into contact with the extremely hot lava would have been instantly converted to steam in a soft explosion. I say soft in the sense that the explosion wouldn't have been a bang but the volume of steam would have produced very high pressure in this chamber here. The resulting pressure I believe would have been sufficient to have blown out the hole behind the waterfall that we have all seen. The exploding steam and the resulting extreme pressure would have driven a huge cloud of toxic gases and hot steam down the tunnel to the cavity where the unfortunate insects lived. 
‘They wouldn’t have stood a chance; the advance of the steam and gas cloud into the cavity would have been very quick and been absolutely terrifying. Some may have escaped out the access at the top where we came out earlier today. Most however, on hearing then seeing the gas cloud advancing would have panicked and headed to the limestone cave that Virgil, Virginia and I saw today. Actually it's quite likely that many may not have even reached the cave, the advance of the gases and steam would have been too quick for some to escape. Judging by the number of homes, several hundred insects must have once lived in the cavity. From what we saw - only about a hundred managed to reach the cave at the end.
‘A sad part was that the only insects we saw in the room were flying insects. There were dragonflies, bees, moths, wasps, flies and others, just as we have in our community. Non flying insects would have been annihilated at the bottom of the cavity and probably swept away by water. The rush of gases and steam down the tunnel probably forced any remaining water along in a tsunami type of wave with it.
‘The toxic gas cloud would have killed every living thing in its path, including vegetation. Once the plug of lava was in place, water would have immediately ceased to flow through here and would have been diverted out and down the waterfall we all know so well. In fact when I think about it, the stream where we live now wouldn't have existed before this happened.
‘The complete lack of water, combined with the drying effect from the heat of the glowing crystals has produced the starkness we have all seen in the cavity. It would have been within half an hour or so that a beautiful thriving community was completely destroyed. From that point on nothing could live there again, at least not without water. I just hope none of them suffered too much.
‘Amazingly the action of the toxic gases has mummified the remains of the insects that we found up in the limestone cave. Although they are a little fragile and crumbly, the insects can be easily recognised. Pearl paused and started sobbing. She looked up as if she was seeking some sort of divine guidance.
‘I wasn’t sure whether to mention this. Louie, Lulu be strong and don’t read too much into what I am about to say. It’s just one of those amazing things that happen in life, a quirk of fate, who knows, but it affected me deeply and reinforces even more how I love you all and how precious to me our community is.
‘In the centre of the room, just in front of where the insects had tried to climb over the top of each other, stood a moth just like me. It was almost like looking at myself. 
‘This moth was looking upwards, as if for help from another power, and was clutching and holding two bees either side - they were just like Louie and Lulu. At the moth’s feet lay two young bees who looked just like Tiger and Lily. It was the saddest thing I have ever, ever, seen'. 
Pearl sobbed uncontrollably as did everybody else, it was a terrible story that Pearl had relayed. Louie and Lulu held onto each other and clutched the two small bees tightly.
Pearl pulled herself together and then said. ‘You mustn’t read into what has been seen as being any kind of prediction for the future, I just don’t believe in such things. It is just an amazing coincidence with the moth and the bees. We must take from it a positive view in that we - all of us - now replace those who were lost. Now that the cavity has been rediscovered, we carry on where they left off''.
Pearl lightened up a bit and asked Louie for a glass of red wine. Louie wiped a tear or two from his eyes and obliged.
Pearl paused and thought for a moment then said. ‘Further to what I have just said, the insects who previously lived in the cavity, went to a great deal of trouble to create what we have seen. I believe we do have a duty to somehow bring the water back and return the cavity to its former glory, not only for our own use, but so that what the previous insects achieved is not lost in vain. How we will do it I don’t yet know, but we will’.
With that Pearl went over to the Bee Family and put her arms around each of them in turn to console them. It had been a terrible shock for Pearl to see the moth with the bees, but she was getting over it now. She had talked openly about it and the horror of it all was subsiding. It was all in the past and nothing could ever be done to relieve the suffering of those poor creatures.
Pearl spoke earnestly to Louie and Lulu. ‘When you feel you are ready, go and have a look for yourselves. Don’t be frightened by what you see. Look upon it as being that the four of you replace those who were lost. It is now your right to make the most of what they created years ago and to carry on where they left off’. 
Next Pearl went over to the Ten Ants and gathered them around and talked to them. They were normally such happy little creatures but at the moment they were very subdued and a little frightened. Pearl was very, very fond of them; they were such selfless members of the community who would do anything to help others in need. Pearl assured the ten little insects that there was nothing to be sad about. She soon had them happy and laughing again. 
Pearl thanked Virgil and Virginia for being with her when they had made the discovery in the cave. She was truly glad she hadn’t been on her own. Virginia comforted Pearl; Pearl was starting to feel her old self again.
Louie heaped up the fire with some more wood; it wasn’t long before the flames were shooting high into the air. Many sparks were flying upwards into the dark of the chamber above them; Tiger and Lily were watching them with excitement while bouncing around pointing and uttering the usual string of unintelligible nonsense about glow-worms mixed up with references to chocolate cake. What they probably meant was that there were lights (glow-worms) and they were good (chocolate cake)! Who really knows what these two little rascals were talking about, but it sure made everybody else happy and relieved any remaining tension.
The now much happier insects talked and chatted into the night. Sometime after midnight they all fell asleep around the dying embers of the fire. One member of the group was particularly happy, it was one Louie the Bee; he knew how to get water back into the cavity! He snuggled into his precious Lulu; Tiger was clinging to his back. Louie drifted into dreams about an underground paradise. Would Louie’s dreams ever come true? Hmmm….yes I believe so! 
####
The next morning Pearl woke first. It was about 7.00a.m. She lay on her back and looked up to the top of the chamber. There was no rainbow effect this morning. "Must be a westerly breeze", Pearl thought to herself. 
The sun was shining in through the massive jagged hole that was behind the waterfall. Yes this was the massive hole that must have been, as Pearl had surmised, blown out by the steam explosion many years ago. Shafts of sunlight were dancing on the western wall - just above the plug of lava that had blocked the water many years ago. Even though there was no rainbow effect this morning, it was still an incredibly spectacular sight. Pearl lay and watched for several minutes and thought what a cruel set of events had occurred when the lava had blocked the water flow and sent a cloud of steam and poisonous gases down to the cavity. She sat up and looked around at the others, they were sound asleep. She smiled to herself and reflected on how she loved them all.
Pearl looked across at the Bee Family. Louie and Lulu were facing and holding each other. Tiger was snuggled into the fur of Louie’s back, and Lily snuggled into the fur of Lulu’s back. Louie and Lulu were now such smart and clever bees. It was not just from the knowledge they had gained at the village library over the winter months, it was also that they loved each other and gave one another the confidence to do things they would never have dreamed of doing before. 
Pearl wondered to herself. ‘What could this idea Louie had, be all about? Hmmm, I bet it is something to do with getting water to the cavity…clever bee!’ Pearl was thinking to herself about something else too. She had something very important that she wanted to discuss with Louie and Lulu as soon as possible. Yes there were big changes ahead for the insect community.
Pearl stretched her wings; then she heard some utterances from Tiger and Lily. A few ‘wa's ups’ and ‘hungwy’s’ mixed with other little noises. That’s when some bouncing started while tugging at Mum and Dad. The noises coming from the Bee Family soon woke the rest of the team. 
They all awoke refreshed after a good night’s sleep. The sadness that related to the demise of their distant relatives had turned into a positive feeling of excitement. What they had all found down in the cavity was indeed an incredible discovery. They had been left a legacy and they would do the best they could to bring the cavity back to its former glory.
Over breakfast Louie proudly and discretely told Lulu how he thought that water could be brought back into the cavity. Lulu listened and marvelled at what Louie was saying. She looked at Louie in admiration, what a wonderful idea he had, yes with what he was saying, surely it could be done!
Louie and Lulu went over to Pearl. Louie said quietly. ‘Pearl, I can’t really talk here, but I know how we can get water into the cavity, lots of it! Tomorrow, Lulu and I have got to go to the Factory and get things organised for the coming months. If we get all this done tomorrow, we can then use Thursday and Friday to do things relating to the cavity. Would you like to join us after breakfast on Thursday morning, say eight o’clock? By that time Tiger and Lily will have been fed and Rose will be looking after them. We can have some privacy and spend as much time as we like discussing options we have to make the cavity inhabitable once more’.
‘Yes Louie, you wonderful bee’, said Pearl. ‘I thought that’s what you might have been all excited about, yes by all means, 8.00a.m. on Thursday at your place. In fact it really suits me too. I have an idea about what makes the crystals glow and I want to try it out tomorrow with that piece of quartz you and Lulu gave me several Christmases ago. I hope I will have some really exciting news too!’
Pearl paused for a moment and then said, ‘I also want to discuss some serious issues with you two relating to the future of our community. Through what we have found, there are big changes ahead, I hope you two will find what I have got to say to be interesting and exciting’. Pearl’s eyes were sparkling and her smile radiated a deep affection for the two bees - Pearl squeezed Louie and Lulu’s arms. She was about to move off and talk with Virgil and Virginia when she turned and re-addressed Louie and Lulu. She was serious for a moment. 'There is something I forgot to mention. On the wall in the room where the insects died there are some roughly scrawled hieroglyphics. It appears as though a message may have been left before they all died. I am going to go back tomorrow to see if I can find out what it means. There is bound to be something in the village library that will help me. I will let you know on Thursday'. With that Pearl moved off to talk to Virgil and Virginia. 
Tiger and Lily were sitting together a little distance away from where Louie and Lulu had been talking to Pearl. They had stopped eating their breakfast and were looking a little subdued while uttering unintelligible squeaks and muttering words of discontent. Nobody was taking any notice of them! Poor little blighters. Louie and Lulu laughed and quickly went over to pick them up and hold the pair to reassure them. The reassurance soon had them finishing their breakfast followed by bouncing around and getting in everybody’s way, again!
After breakfast, Louie and Lulu joined the Ten Ants and talked about the possibilities of living in the cavity. It was an exciting prospect for everybody and there was constant chatter as they packed up and put their belongings back into the two containers ready for the flight back home. Because of what they had discovered on this trip away, there wasn’t quite the sadness in packing up to go home. There was so much to look forward to.
At 10.00a.m. it was time to go. Tiger and Lily were on the backs of their parents and this time the Ten Ants were flying with Virginia to give Virgil a break. 
Louie and Lulu had decided to take up the suggestion Pearl had made the previous evening. Before flying home they were going to call in at the limestone cave where the insects had perished, and pay their respects. It would be something for Tiger and Lily to see and help them in the process of learning about life itself. 
Taking all things into account, the adult insects, Virgil, Virginia, the Ten Ants, Louie and Lulu had received a tremendous boost from what they had seen over the past two days. They realised even more that life had to be lived to the full, right now. There was a positive feeling of doing the best they could to protect the life they had, at all costs. Above all they all felt they had a duty to restore what those who had perished, had lost. They were returning from the wonderful holiday they had all had, to commence doing just that!

Louie the Bee - Chapter 7
Louie, Lulu and Pearl Plan for the Future.

It was 7.00a.m. Thursday morning. The day had dawned fine. The Bee Household was up and about having breakfast out on the deck in the early morning sun. Pearl was due to arrive at 8.00a.m. to discuss plans for the future of the cavity, so it was a case of getting things moving along in the Tiger and Lily department. There was a concentrated effort, on the part of Lulu in particular, to make sure the food went in rather than on the little blighters!
Rose was due to take over looking after Tiger and Lily at 8.00a.m. so Louie and Lulu could have their meeting with Pearl. Most days Rose would tutor the little bees in drawing and learning the letters of the alphabet (amongst other things). This was all very well and good, however this morning there was a degree of tension around the breakfast table and Tiger and Lily were a little on the quiet side.
What had happened was that on the previous afternoon, when Rose and the little bees were supposed to be having an afternoon nap, Tiger and Lily had taken it upon themselves not to have a nap, but instead practice their newly acquired drawing skills and limited knowledge of the alphabet - on the lounge room wall for heaven's sake! … Naughty bees! Yes very naughty bees, especially as Louie had just recently done a beautiful job of re-papering the lounge with dried and pressed, white, apple blossom petals. 
Hmmm, Louie was not too pleased. However he hadn't been able to stay cross very long. What the little blighters had drawn was a picture of Louie himself. Fortunately they had been stopped in time before starting on a drawing of Lulu as well! The picture of Louie on the lounge room wall was quite large. Tiger and Lily must have stood on some of the ferniture to make the drawing of such a size. It was quite unique the way the wee bees had interpreted how Louie’s furry body should look. What we had, looked more like a prickly round, yellow and black striped pineapple with a big smiley face. Underneath was written ‘Ow dad Loooeee’…. Oh dear!
When Louie had discovered the misdemeanour, there they were, two little bees sitting on the floor in front of their effort, grinning proudly, little arms outstretched, fingers pointing, saying ‘Ook Daddy’. Tiger and Lily were a bit nonplussed by the fact that Louie didn’t seem to share the same enthusiasm about their efforts as they did! There were a few little ‘muttery’ squeaks and noises of puzzlement from the pair of them.
Louie had sighed with frustration on seeing the state of the wallpaper, particularly after all the effort he had gone to do the wallpapering in the first place. He couldn’t growl at them, what was he to do! Louie called Lulu to have a look. Both of course totally capitulated, laughed and squeezed the little blighters but told them that under no circumstances was there to be any more drawing on the wallpaper.
So it was at breakfast, the serious situation in the lounge was being discussed. Rose was there of course and it was arranged that while Louie and Lulu were going to be busy with Pearl, Rose would spend some time explaining why it is not the best of things for small bees to do drawings on lounge room wallpaper, and that any further such nonsense could risk severe rationing of chocolate cake!
Pearl duly arrived at 8.00a.m. and she was immediately taken and shown the artwork in the lounge. Pearl laughed until tears flowed. ‘That’s just beautiful, it’s priceless; it looks just like you Louie!!’ Louie was just a little miffed by this because he secretly hoped he didn’t really look like that. However Tiger and Lily bounced around in excitement shouting ‘Arny Bell like, plea we keep?’
‘No we no keep! Definitely not there anyway’, Louie exclaimed.
‘I have an idea Louie’, said Pearl smiling, knowing Louie was not that pleased. ‘I will talk to you and Lulu about it at our meeting. Tiger, Lily come here, I love the picture of your father, it looks just like him; you two are so clever!’
Pearl held the two little bees close to her and glanced at Louie with a look to let him know that she didn’t really think the drawing looked like him, well not exactly! Poor Louie!
Tiger and Lily were very happy with Pearl’s critiquing of their "work". Rose gathered the little blighters around and commenced the lessons for the day. Louie, Lulu and Pearl headed out onto the deck to have their meeting. Yes there was never a dull moment in the Bee Household with Tiger and Lily!
Rose made a cup of gum leaf tea for Pearl, Louie and Lulu. The three settled down around the deck table to start their meeting. The sun was shining. Louie had positioned the table in the shade of a fern frond. It was all rather pleasant.
Initially Pearl was still smiling and chuckling to herself about the picture of Louie on the wall of the lounge. Then she composed herself for something serious she wanted to discuss with Louie and Lulu. 
‘If you two don’t mind’, Pearl ventured, ‘I would like to raise quite a serious topic. I touched on it briefly the other day when we were away. As I mentioned, Tiger and Lily’s drawing in the lounge has given me an idea relating to what I need to say and I will discuss this when I have finished'. Pearl paused and smiled to herself for a moment at the mention of Tiger and Lily’s drawing, and shook her head in disbelief!
Pearl continued. ‘After I have discussed what I want to say we can get on to hearing about your idea for the water Louie, and I want to show you the quartz you two gave me a few Christmases ago, I have brought it with me'.
‘No problem’, said Louie. ‘Let’s hear what you have got to say Pearl; whatever it is we will be right behind you’.
‘Right, thanks Louie’, said Pearl. ‘It’s like this. It is only the three of us who know about the properties of the quartz at the end of the tunnel, and for now, I believe that this is the way it should stay. What we have discovered can only be described as a very special power and gift. I strongly believe that this special knowledge, and the ability to use it, should only be in the hands of those responsible for the welfare of our community. At this point in time this responsibility rests with me, ably assisted by you two. As time passes it will no doubt eventuate that it will be necessary to give others this ability. 
‘The community along the stream knows me and respects me as their Queen. That respect will remain as long as I can support and protect them. If the knowledge and abilities we have relating to the quartz were divulged to all the community, my ability to lead and protect would in all probability be significantly compromised. If we are not careful we could end up with leadership similar to the human world where decisions are made by large committees - usually groups of people totally unqualified to do so. Just think of the knowledge we have all gained at the village library, the three of us think the same, we instinctively know what is best for our community.
‘A leader and protector of a community such as ours, has to have privileged knowledge and information to act autonomously when warranted. As an example of what I mean; say I urgently needed to know what the village council was up to and found that I couldn’t merge with councillors or other important humans because they were already "occupied" by other members of our community. I think you would agree that the power we have found has to remain with only a few.
‘I believe the greatest thing that our community has is the simplicity of the life that is led here along the stream. Having others being able to go through the quartz, particularly in any significant number, would only complicate things - possibly resulting in our community members’ happiness and security being compromised. What do you two think? ‘
Lulu spoke first. ‘I totally agree Pearl, it would be a disaster for all our community to be going through the quartz and merging with humans, as and when they felt like it. It would be extremely hard to ensure that the ability was being used for the betterment of the community as well as the world at large’. 
Louie nodded in agreement and added. ‘If large numbers of us were going through the quartz and merging with humans, it could interfere with the rights of humans to go about their normal business. To a small extent the three of us have been guilty of this in merging with people in the library. It really could be a disaster if all our community were doing the same’.
‘Thanks you two for seeing my point of view’, Pearl continued. ‘This leads me on to the serious bit.
‘It could be that something happens to me, or any of us. Remember I am a few years older than you two and I won’t be around forever. Because of the discovery of the cavity and the need to honour the legacy left by those poor insects of the past, the time has come where there needs to be a structure in place that provides for an eventuality such as my demise. 
'What I suggest is that in the event of this happening, it be decreed that you two will automatically take control. I believe it to be appropriate that we set up a hierarchy similar to royalty in the human world; we have read about it in the village library. The only thing is that in the human world, royalty no longer has any significant powers to make decisions. Governments instead make decisions on a committee basis; decision making is slow, more often than not decisions made are wrong or ineffective and influenced by mischievous political agendas. We don’t want to make the same mistake here. The royalty system I would propose would have the full power to make quick decisions for the benefit, safety and welfare of our community. I guess in some ways we are different in that we don’t have an obsession with money and material things, hence a governing body such as I am suggesting won’t have influences from hidden agendas’.
Pearl paused for a moment as if what she was about to say was hard to accept. ‘I say this in all earnestness. Humans in general don’t care about us. As we have now learnt through our newly gained knowledge, millions upon millions of us are killed around the world every day in the name of human progress, and humans feel they have the arrogant right to do so. We now have been given a unique gift whereby we can turn the tables, not that we need to start killing humans, but we can preserve our own community, almost against all odds. Additionally, with a little cunning and skill, we can remove some of the bad and the suffering in the human world'.
‘So', said Pearl, eyes flashing with purpose and commitment. 'What I would like to ensure is that if I was no longer here, you two would immediately take over and become King Louie and Queen Lulu. 
‘While I am still around and acting as Queen, I would propose that you two would report to me and have the titles of Prince Louie and Princess Lulu. Accepting these titles carries responsibilities and I don’t want to force any of this upon you. Take some time to think about it if you wish’.
Louie looked at Lulu and reached over and held her for a moment. There was a tear in Lulu’s eye.
‘Pearl’, said Louie. ‘We would both be honoured, we owe you so much, there is no question about serving with you as you have proposed; don’t you agree Lulu?’
‘Oh yes, yes’, said Lulu. ‘Once more I can’t believe that such wonderful things are happening in my life. As Louie has just said, we owe you so much Pearl, we would be so proud to serve our community with you. But please, please live for a long, long time yet’.
‘Thanks you two, I love and trust you both. I believe that such an arrangement should be formalized, the community would need to be consulted and advised; this is something that I would do with you two in attendance. You are both very popular amongst the community and they respect you for your kindness and consideration towards others. There would be no problem gaining acceptance of what we propose, of that I am sure.
‘This brings me to the title arrangements for two certain little blighters who are quite good at re-decorating lounges. No doubt Louie you would like to call both of them the Dukes of Hazard!!' 
Louie and Lulu laughed. ‘I certainly would!’ said Louie.
‘In the scheme of things’, Pearl continued, ‘Tiger and Lily would take over from you two some day, hopefully of course well into the future. Tiger and Lily will no doubt one day have offspring of their own who can take over from them and so on. The community would thus be in responsible hands for many years to come.
‘I am making all of these suggestions of course because the cavity we have discovered is indeed a legacy left by a past community that we need to honour. There needs to be responsible administration; otherwise all could be lost.
‘I will talk about titles for Tiger and Lily in a moment. Before I do though, I wonder if either of you have thought about a name for the cavity? Louie you are good at thinking up names for things'.
Louie reflected for a moment then said. ‘Yes Pearl I do have an idea. If it hadn’t been for Virgil and Virginia and their desire to explore, none of this would have happened, the cavity, possibly, may have never been discovered. It was the two of them that found the cave down the cliff above the sea in the first place. I think Virgil and Virginia should be honoured for this one. It would be a little awkward using both their names so I suggest we take their second name "Blue" and call the whole area “Bluefoundland”. I was thinking about it quite a bit last night. I also thought that we should have a name for the stream area where we live now so we can distinguish the two areas'.
'I like what you are saying Louie', said Pearl smiling. 'Tell us about a name for the stream area'. 
‘Well', said Louie. 'Because we love living here along the stream so much, particularly during the summer months, let’s call it “Surface Paradise”, after all it is on the surface and it is a paradise, what do you think?’
Pearl and Lulu clapped there hands and exclaimed in unison. ‘You clever bee!’ 
‘That’s excellent’, said Pearl. ‘Don’t you agree Lulu!?’
‘Oh I do’, said Lulu squeezing Louie’s arm in admiration.
As had happened sometimes, Louie’s yellow stripes turned a little pink. 
‘Well that’s settled’, said Pearl. ‘Hmmm, Surface Paradise and Bluefoundland. I must admit Bluefoundland sounds very appropriate for our new discovery. I will talk to Virgil and Virginia, I am sure they will be absolutely delighted. Once I have confirmed that Bluefoundland is OK with them, the two names (Surface Paradise and Bluefoundland) will be decreed by us, properly documented and the community will be advised. Well done Louie!
‘Now that we have a name for the cavity this brings me back to the issue of titles for Tiger and Lily. In the lineage for the future control of Bluefoundland, it would be appropriate (in agreement with you both) that Tiger and Lily be known as the Duke and Duchess of Bluefoundland. What do you think team?’
Louie and Lulu were overcome. What a proud moment. What an incredible proposal Pearl had made. Yes there was total agreement with what Pearl had suggested! Lulu scrunched her pretty little hands together, smiling and quivering with emotion. The two bees reached over to Pearl and clasped her arms while looking up in adoration at the beautiful sensitive eyes of their Queen and leader. A tear rolled from Pearl’s eye, she knew she couldn’t live forever, but now with the support and dedication of Louie and Lulu the future of the streamside insect community would be secure.
‘Thank you Queen Pearl’, said Louie bowing slightly and smiling. ‘What you have proposed sure looks to be the best option for the future and ongoing protection of our community, don’t you think so Lulu?’
‘Oh I do’, said Lulu, once more overcome with a mixture of pride and excitement.
‘Louie’, said Pearl smiling but with a slightly serious note. ‘This of course is all based on getting water to Bluefoundland and eventually living there. I will be very, very interested to hear what you have to tell us!’
‘Yes, yes we can Pearl!’ said Louie excited, thinking that he could at last talk about his idea. However Pearl was not quite finished.
‘Just before we do Louie’, said Pearl in a serious tone. 'There is one other little issue to address. When we are established in Bluefoundland, I will set up a Royal Chamber in the turret-like house. The turret-like house will be where I or any reigning King or Queen will live. The Royal Chamber will be where the three of us meet and discuss strategies and actions for the future of our community. It will be where important decisions are made. What I suggest, with the agreement of you both, is that as a memento of the day we put this all into place; on the wall of the Royal Chamber we hang that picture of you Louie, that is - the one in the lounge now! It will always make us laugh and remember this important day! Could we do that Louie?’
Louie’s yellow stripes once again turned a little pinkish. Louie laughed and reluctantly said. ‘Yes I suppose so; it certainly would be something unique to remember this day by’.
Lulu leaned over to Louie and whispered in his ear. ‘I love you Louie, it is a wonderful picture of you, and it looks the way it does because those two little blighters love you too. That drawing of you is very special to all of us'.
‘Alright’, said Louie. ‘It is agreed, my beautiful picture will hang in the Royal Chamber! I will carefully remove it from the wall and keep it in a safe place until we are ready’.
‘Wonderful Louie’, said Pearl. ‘That’s settled’.
‘Sorry Louie, I know you are dying to tell me about the water'. Pearl continued. ‘I do have just one other thing I need to discuss that I can only talk about to you two. I nearly forgot.
‘Down in Bluefoundland you may have noticed that north of the homes along the wall, before you get to the clay and mica mines, there is hole or rather cave in the rock on the western side. Here there are thousands of quartz crystals spilling out at the bottom. At the back of the hole behind these crystals is a solid face of quartz. I don't know whether you two have realised it, but this is the same quartz that is at the end of your tunnel Louie. The quartz at the end of the tunnel extends right down into Bluefoundland and possibly beyond. 
‘When I was checking out Bluefoundland on my own - this was at the time when I had asked all of you to go back to the chamber - the wall at the end of this cave together with the spilled crystals, glowed blue when I was in close proximity. It will be exactly the same with you two of course. This means that in all probability we can go through the quartz from there, as well as at the end of the tunnel, and come out at the village bank. The question is, when coming back from the bank in the village, where do we end up?  Is it back in the tunnel or is it in the cave down in Bluefoundland? It is something we will need to try out, I would like to do this as soon as we can. However the first priority is getting water to Bluefoundland! Louie, at last you poor bee, enough of my talking, you can tell all! 

Louie the Bee - Chapter 8
Louie’s Idea for the Water Is Revealed.

Louie was so excited; he didn’t really know where to begin. He had already told Lulu about his idea so now it was a case of informing Pearl. Louie cleared his throat in a matter-of-fact sort of way as bees can be inclined to do before they announce something important. 
‘Pearl you may remember when we were away. It was on the first night when we were staying at our favourite cave high above the sea. Virgil and I had come back from exploring the cave down the cliff and we talked about what we had found'.
‘Yes I do remember it’, said Pearl laughing. ‘We were all getting worried about where you two were when you hadn’t come back by late afternoon. Then you sneaked up behind us!’
‘Sorry Pearl’, said Louie. ‘I know we were a bit naughty and I take full responsibility, it was my idea, not Virgil’s!’
‘I knew it you naughty bee’, said Lulu giving Louie another one of her friendly smacks that he deserved.
‘Yes I know. I was naughty’, said Louie ducking from Lulu’s onslaught. ‘I shouldn’t have worried you all like that. Anyway, you will remember on that evening, Virgil and I explained how some distance in from the sea; we came across quite a large chamber, deep within the hill. It was no where near as large as the one where we stayed, but it seemed large at the time.
‘Here there is a massive waterfall. The waterfall cascades down from high up on the southern side of the chamber into a large pool at the base. From the pool, the water flows out a tunnel heading down and away to the southeast. There is such a large amount of water flowing out down this tunnel that it wouldn’t have been safe for me and Virgil to go and investigate. The amount of water that flows out is quite awe inspiring.
‘Some distance away from the pool, at the bottom of the eastern wall of the chamber, there is a great pile of rocks. These rocks have at some stage in the past come crashing down from the ceiling above. Behind these rocks we found another tunnel, this is the one that leads to the chamber where we stayed’.
Louie was almost too excited to talk and paused for a moment.
‘What I suggest is’, Louie continued. ‘That the three of us go through the quartz, fly to the cave at the bottom of the cliff above the sea, and then fly on into the chamber where the waterfall is. The caves and tunnels leading to the chamber are wide enough to allow us through when we are in the blue nymph form. Our eyes in the transformed state may not be able to see as well as we do as insects, but to find our way we can hold our clenched fists out in front of us. The blue light generated should be more than sufficient for us to see where we are going. 
‘Can you guess what I am going to say next Pearl?’ said Louie grinning like a Cheshire cat.
‘No Louie, but I am getting very excited! Do go on’, said Pearl.
‘Well what we need to do is’, Louie continued. ‘Is move some of the rocks at the base of the eastern wall and place them so they block the flow of water that goes out down the south-eastern tunnel. Of course when we are on the other side of the quartz we can lift heavy objects such as these rocks without any difficulty.
‘In blocking the flow out the tunnel to the southeast, the water level will slowly rise in the chamber until it starts flowing out the other tunnel and down to the chamber where we stayed. From there of course it will flow on down to Bluefoundland!’
‘Louie, Louie! That is just so brilliant’, said Pearl overcome with the cleverness and simplicity of Louie’s idea. ‘You clever, clever bee! Of course from what you say there will be plenty of water, tons of it. Louie this is just wonderful'. 
Louie felt very proud of his idea and expounded further. ‘From what I remember, we don’t have to raise the water level in the chamber that much for it to start flowing down the tunnel to the east. In fact we can control the amount of diverted water by the extent to which we restrict the flow out the south-eastern tunnel. Somehow I feel though that the more water heading off down to Bluefoundland, the better off we will be'.
‘Louie’, said Pearl. ‘How will we explain to the others why water has suddenly appeared down in Bluefoundland? In particular Virgil, who knows about the waterfall in the chamber?’
Louie grinned and said. ‘Yes I have thought about that too. What I suggest we do is this. When we are in the chamber, we move all the rocks away from the base of the eastern wall so that the tunnel leading away towards Bluefoundland is completely open and free of any restriction. I remember that there is an extensive flat area of raised rock on the northern side of the chamber. What we need to do is put all the rocks up on this rock plateau. 
‘Once we have moved the rocks, we can take as many as we need to block off the water flowing out down the tunnel to the southeast. We will need to move reasonably quickly as the bottom of the chamber will gradually fill with water. The water will keep rising until it is all flowing down the tunnel to the east.
‘Once we have finished diverting the flow - amongst the remaining rocks will be some that are smaller in size that we can lift and fly with. Remember we can fly with quite heavy weights as long as the width and height doesn’t exceed our own dimensions. 
‘What we need to do with these smaller rocks is to lift and fly them, one by one, and place them up at the end of the tunnel that comes in from the sea. This tunnel opens into the diversion chamber some way up.
‘What we do is lay these rocks on the floor, right at the end of this tunnel. We need to leave enough room for us to get back over the top of them. Once we have enough in place we need to carefully lay and fit these rocks close together and block the tunnel totally. This is so that no insect, bird or any animal can gain access to the chamber where the water has been diverted. We will of course be doing this from the seaward side, so when we are finished we just fly out again the way we came in.
‘From Virgil’s point of view, if he flies in from the cave above the sea to investigate, the rocks he will see in front of him will suggest that there has been a massive rock fall within the diversion chamber. Virgil will surmise that due to a freak of nature, the water has been diverted to flow away and on down to Bluefoundland. In effect he will surmise that a rock fall has blocked the tunnel to the southeast. This will be exactly what will have happened by the time we have finished. The only thing is that we will have done it, it won't have actually been caused by a freak of nature’
‘Hmmm’, said Pearl. ‘What happens if Virgil flies in to take a look from the chamber where we stayed; that is from the other end? He would see that rocks have been lifted and moved around'.
‘You are right Pearl’, Louie responded. ‘However in a couple of places in the tunnel (that is between the two chambers) it is reasonably narrow. If we send plenty of water down, it will make access impossible. The water flow will practically fill the whole tunnel at these points. Because of this none of us for that matter, will ever be able to fly back up to the chamber where the water has been diverted'. 
Louie had a huge grin on his loveable bumblebee face. He could see that Pearl was impressed.
‘My goodness Louie’, said Pearl. ‘You really have thought about this haven’t you. That is truly brilliant. You clever bee, as far as I am concerned you are a saint! Through your cleverness, if it all works out and I am sure it will, you are going to bring a lot of happiness to our community, and you will bring back to life what some very hard working insects and others lost many years ago’. 
Pearl paused and then said. ‘Hmmm, as your Queen I decree that the name of the resulting underground river that will carry life giving water down to Bluefoundland will be known as ‘The Mighty Saint Louie River’ – no ifs or buts!’
Once again some of Louie’s yellow stripes turned a delicate shade of pink! 
‘Thank you Pearl’, said Louie. ‘I do feel so incredibly honoured. We still have to go and make this all happen, but I am sure we will’.
Lulu reached over and hugged her precious Louie. Both Lulu and Pearl indeed thought what a clever bee!
The three sat and discussed the pros and cons of Louie’s idea for over an hour or more. There really didn’t seem to be any reason for what Louie had proposed not to work, in fact the more they discussed it the more excited the three became.
When all aspects had been fully discussed, Pearl let out a sigh of satisfaction then said. ‘This is indeed an exciting morning. It’s just after 10.00a.m. let’s break for morning tea. Afterwards I will tell you all about the message the insects left on the wall and also give my explanation as to why the crystals glow and give off heat’.
Lulu went in and asked Rose to organise some morning tea. Rose duly served up some TG Tips for Louie and Lulu and a cup of gum leaf tea for Pearl. She also put out a plate of pollen biscuits. A couple of the pollen biscuits had bits nibbled out of them! Hmmm, maybe Tiger and Lily had been helping Rose.
Animated chatter flowed as the happy trio sat in the sun and talked further about Louie’s marvellous idea for the water. After morning tea they all sat back around the deck table. Pearl got straight on to talking about what information she had found. She was excited.
'As I have already mentioned, the insects who died, scrawled a message on the wall of the room where we found them. It was in some form of hieroglyphics. Yesterday I went back to the room and mentally noted as much of the message as I could. It's unfortunate that we can't write things down and take them with us through the quartz. Another thing of course is that we can't get down into Bluefoundland in the blue nymph state, all of the entrances are too small; so I couldn't use my photographic memory capabilities. I had to memorise things the best I could in my insect form. 
'I could remember enough of the symbols to find out in the library that in fact what we had were ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics! This is amazingly interesting stuff. Goodness only knows what more we will find as time goes on but the presence of Egyptian hieroglyphics suggest that the insects who died, would have lived down in Bluefoundland at least some three to four thousand years ago, possibly much earlier, we just don't know.
'Once I knew that the symbols were Egyptian I scanned what books I could find in the library that explained such things. Unfortunately there weren't many books on this topic and time was short. We may have to go to the Big City library later to find out more. However there was enough information for me to guess a lot of it and piece together a rough translation. It read, "To whoever finds us, all is yours. The water contains Mellennium which makes the quartz crystals give heat and light. Any insects consuming the water will live for 100 years or more"'.
This was indeed a profound piece of information; Pearl paused for a moment then continued. ‘I have suspected for some time that there could be something in our stream water that allows us to lead abnormally long lives, this now confirms it and we know what it is. Please understand though that this is privileged information that must remain only with the three of us, and of course Tiger and Lily when they are older’. Louie and Lulu agreed.
'Why would it be in Egyptian hieroglyphics Pearl?' Lulu queried. 'As we have found in the library, the history of the area shows humans have only been in this area for no more than a few hundred years'.
'Yes you are right Lulu, it is a bit of a mystery', said Pearl shrugging her wing roots. 'The area we live in, by all accounts certainly never had anything to do with ancient Egyptian civilisations. However in the room where the insects died, ancient Egyptian symbols are used to label storage pots amongst other items. There are similar symbols used in various places throughout Bluefoundland. Another thing is of course the doors of all the homes have strange markings in the form of vertical strips combined with other hieroglyphs. I know what these are now after being in the library yesterday; they are the Egyptian symbols for numbers'. 
The insects sat in deep thought and reflected on what Pearl had been saying. It was all very complicated and a little hard to grasp. Lulu was the first to speak.
'Louie, Pearl, it seems from what we have been saying; the insects who originally lived in Bluefoundland probably arrived from the part of the planet or land known as Egypt. We have read about Egypt in the library. It is a truly ancient land. How did these insects get here? It's a bit scary but I am beginning to think the answer could lie within the quartz down in Bluefoundland'. 
Hmmm - Clever Lulu, was she right? We shall see!
'Maybe you are right', Pearl replied. 'There are just so many unanswered questions. What I suggest is, because time is moving on, I tell you about the crystals and why they glow. What we have just been talking about is complex and needs a lot more thought and investigation. No doubt we will find out more as we go on'.
Pearl reached for the bracken basket she had had brought with her. This was one of several Louie had made for her to carry things around in. She put her hand in and brought out the piece of quartz crystal that Louie had mounted on a piece of rosewood. Louie had given this to Pearl in recognition for what she had done in bringing Tiger and Lily to Lulu on that wonderful Christmas morning over two years ago. 
The piece of crystal was quite small; Louie had originally found it at the end of the disused tunnel near the quartz face. Normally it glowed blue when any of the three of them were in close proximity. When Pearl lifted the piece of quartz out of the basket; Louie and Lulu gasped. It was glowing a brilliant white and giving off heat. It was also hot to touch.
‘Wow Pearl’, said Louie. ‘How did you manage to do that?’ 
Louie and Lulu took turns at holding the crystal, marvelling at the light being emitted and the heat created. It was acting exactly like the crystals they had all seen down in Bluefoundland.
‘It's quite simple to make the quartz crystals do this’, said Pearl. ‘It’s the theory of how it works that is complicated. All I had to do was wet the crystal with stream water then let it dry. Remember what the message said that was written on the wall before the insects died. They mentioned the element Mellennium being in the water and how it allows us to live one hundred years or more. The message also mentioned that Mellennium made the crystals emit heat and light'.
Pearl elaborated. ‘What happens is that when the stream water dries on the surface of the quartz, it leaves a residue of Mellennium. Mellennium on the surface of the quartz without the presence of water, sets up something akin to a nuclear fusion reaction within the quartz; energy and light is subsequently emitted. Now that you two have spent some time in the village library and have some understanding of quantum physics, I can attempt to offer some explanation as to what is happening here'.

….Now of course not that many readers will necessarily be well versed in quantum physics. Some of you may wish to go and put the kettle on while Pearl endeavours to explain the theory of why the crystals down in Bluefoundland give off heat and light!….

‘It’s like this’, Pearl continued. ‘I believe that the silicon in the quartz we find at the end of the tunnel, which of course also extends down into Bluefoundland, must be an uncommon isotope. It’s quite likely that it is silicon 30 instead of the more commonly found silicon 28’.
‘I see’, said Louie, drawing on the incredible amount of information now stored in his bumblebee brain. ‘So here we have extra neutrons in the nucleus of the silicon atoms, perhaps these are being made to decay in some way to release energy?’
‘Yes I believe so’, said Pearl. 
What about harmful radiation from the resulting beta decay?’ said Lulu. ‘Are we in any danger here?’
‘That’s a good point Lulu’, Pearl responded. ‘I will come to that shortly. I believe that the element Mellennium, when it has dried on the surface of the quartz, even though it is no longer in solution, somehow it remains strongly cationic. This I believe is why in the dried state it remains firmly adhered to the quartz surface, there is an attraction created by a net negative charge. Remember Mellennium is an unknown element in the human world so we have no information on it in the village library. It appears to have some quite unusual properties'.
‘Hmmm’, said Louie. ‘Cationic, so this means there is a surplus of electrons’.
‘Yes precisely’, said Pearl, ‘And strangely enough there seems to be an ongoing ability to keep giving up electrons, after some have been removed. However the really important thing, and it took me a while to realise it, is that Mellennium is an abundant source of gluons’.
…Tiger and Lily were experts at getting "glue on" things but this is not what Pearl was talking about. Those readers with a smattering of knowledge about quantum physics would know, a gluon is a gauge boson and gauge bosons mediate strong interactions between quarks. Knowing this makes it quite straightforward in the understanding of what Pearl said next…
‘With the excess neutrons available in the quartz (from the silicon 30), and in the presence of Mellennium, a process occurs whereby down-quarks are converted to up- quarks, thus some of the excess neutrons are converted to protons. The surplus electrons available from the cationic Mellennium then result in some of the atoms of silicon being converted to phosphorus; this is of course the element with the next highest atomic number. During this process of converting a number of silicon atoms to phosphorous there is some destruction of a small amount of matter. Heat and light are subsequently produced according to Einstein’s theory, that is: E (energy released) = M (mass) x C² (the speed of light squared). It seems in the overall process there is no emission of dangerous particles. If there were dangerous particle emissions, the insects who once lived down in Bluefoundland would never have survived to create what they have and lived the life that they did. The Mellennium obviously facilitates a process where no particle collisions are involved. The process is slightly similar to the sun where hydrogen is converted to helium. In this case however, silicon in the crystals is converted to phosphorous in a relatively low pressure environment. What we have is a clean, safe and almost inexhaustible supply of energy. Simple really!’
Louie and Lulu listened with intense interest, as Pearl continued. ‘There are two processes happening that I don’t fully understand yet, maybe we never will. One is when two crystals, or more, are close together, the amount of energy emitted rises dramatically. Secondly the presence of the sun up on the surface has an amazing influence!
'When the sun disappears and is shining on the opposite side of the planet, light from the crystals dims. It is as if the light and heat emission process is influenced by the Earth, as it orbits the sun, passing at speed through the sun's graviton field. I believe that the sun's graviton field either provides some form of secondary induced energy or it is a catalyst for the crystals to produce more. When the sun has set completely, single crystals dim substantially.
'I haven't been down to Bluefoundland to see it for myself yet but I would guess that when the sun is shining on other side of the Earth, the light from the large crystals on top of the stalagmites probably drops to a level equivalent to that of moonlight. I could see this in my apartment last night with this crystal here; it subdued to a soft glow overnight then brightened up as the sun rose this morning. This phenomenon is just incredible because in effect it gives Bluefoundland a form of night and day as well as days lengthening and shortening with the seasons!
'I realised this is why the lights in the homes consist of two crystals side by side set at a predetermined distance. The proximity of the two crystals compensates for the dimming effect when the sun is on the other side of the planet. 
'Getting back to the phenomenon when two crystals are close together, the increase in energy emitted, from what I have seen, is roughly inversely proportional to the distance between the crystals. I say roughly because if it was directly inversely proportional there would be an explosion if the crystals touched, that is, with the separation distance becoming zero.
‘When in close proximity to one another, somehow the crystals interact and internal processes are speeded up. We saw this with the crystals in the ceramic furnaces and cook tops in the homes. There is also something unusual in the fact that the crystals don’t liquefy at the high temperatures that are reached when crystals are close together, the Mellennium seems to prevent this from occurring. As I said before, we have no prior knowledge of this element Mellennium; it has some really most unusual physical and atomic properties. No doubt we will learn more in time. If only we could have talked to some of the insects who used to live down in Bluefoundland.
 ‘The really amazing thing of course is as you have both seen. To stop the crystals emitting light and energy; all that has to be done is to immerse them in water. This occurs because Mellennium goes back into solution; it is no longer directly in contact with the quartz surface in the dried cationic state that I talked about before. It really is incredible isn’t it? Again we are just so lucky to have come across what we have found. There is nothing like it in the human world, not yet anyway'. 
Louie and Lulu sat spellbound while looking at the glowing crystal that Pearl had placed on the table. It was bright enough to be seen even in the sunshine. From what Pearl was saying there were some truly amazing things going on within that crystal. 
‘Another couple of interesting things’, Pearl continued, ‘Is firstly that the wavelengths of emitted light seem to be very close to that of the sun. I checked this out using a drop of water as a prism. From our point of view this is tremendously important as the light emitted will be perfectly suitable for growing vegetation down in Bluefoundland.
'Secondly, even though the spectrum of emitted light is similar to that of the sun, the crystals emit less ultra violet and more infra-red. In fact the larger the crystal, the more infra-red that is emitted. This is why we can feel the strong radiated warmth from the large crystals on top of the stalagmites. To me this of major importance! (Pearl had a mischievous look on here face) It means we can lie about in the heat of the crystals all day without getting sunburnt - or is it crystal burnt!'

……For the reader there is no more complicated stuff about quantum physics, not for now anyway! We can get back to the story again….

Louie after studying the crystal for a while commented. ‘Just thinking about it Pearl, what we can do is pick up some of the small crystals from the heap where they have spilled out at the bottom of that cave. We can then fly and carry them up the tunnel leading to the chamber where we stayed. They can then be placed at strategic points all the way along. All we have to do is dip them in the water and place them on some convenient ledge. Once they have dried they will start emitting light'.
‘You have got it Louie’, said Pearl. ‘Just as the previous insects did, we can put light and heat sources wherever we like. If we need more light in a particular place at night, that is when the crystals have dimmed, we can just put two closer together. When you think about it, what we are finding is just incredible!’
Lulu had been thinking about things too. ‘Pearl I suppose the water that we will be diverting down to Bluefoundland will have Mellennium in it?’
‘It’s a good point Lulu’ said Pearl. ‘I would be fairly sure it will. I would say Mellennium would be present throughout all the rock formation we see in the hills. If the worst came to the worst we could probably take down some stream water from here, just for the specific purpose of "wetting" crystals and letting them dry again. Incidentally the fact that we can't find any references in the library to Mellennium and its properties, suggests to me that it is unique to this area. Possibly a large meteorite containing Mellennium impacted in the hills to the west during formation times. Who knows?’
The three sat for a moment, thinking in silence about the water, the crystals and what it all meant for them. Pearl carefully put the glowing crystal back in the bracken basket. It was all so straight forward and simple, there was nothing more to be said!
‘Right’, said Pearl. ‘Anything more we should discuss?’
‘Just back to the water again Pearl’, said Louie. ‘When the water starts to flow down from the diversion chamber into the large chamber, the large chamber is going to become quite a spectacular area. For one thing the outlet is some way up the chamber wall so there will be another beautiful waterfall. It won’t be as high up as where it used to flow out from where the lava plug is, but nevertheless it will be a pretty sight.
‘Another thing is that the water will form a lake at the bottom of the chamber before it overflows and heads off down the tunnel to Bluefoundland. With the sand at the bottom of the chamber we will have another beach to relax on. Just think of the area lit up with crystals. I reckon it would be a great place for another hotel. Being inside the chamber the hotel would be totally protected from wind and rain. It would be a great spot for Virgil to take tourists’.
‘Good thinking Louie’, Pearl responded. ‘I totally agree it really would be a fantastic place. Knowing you I suppose you have already thought of a name for the hotel!’
‘Yes I have actually’, said Louie not quite believing that a name had come to him quite so quickly. ‘We would be making the hotel in the chamber so if we do eventually build it, let’s call it the ‘Chambermade Hotel’!’
Pearl and Lulu laughed. What a clever loveable bee. 
‘Well if we build it’, Pearl added. ‘It will definitely be called the ‘Chambermade’ as you have suggested Louie. You are too clever for me!’
‘While we are naming things’, said Lulu, excited about an idea she had. ‘We probably need a name for the large chamber we have just been talking about. We can’t just keep referring to it as the "large chamber"; it doesn’t do it any justice. It is such a beautiful place and it will be even more spectacular when water starts flowing through. Let’s call it “Chamberland Park”, what do you think?’
‘Yes, yes, I like’, it said Pearl.
‘Me too, you clever pretty little bee’, said Louie giving Lulu a hug.
‘Right’, said Pearl. ‘This is enough cleverness from you two, I need to move, I have things to do. Let’s agree on what we do next. I guess you two probably have a few things to do at the Factory this afternoon. Let’s agree to meet at the tunnel tomorrow at 8.00a.m. We can get an early start to put your plan for the water into action Louie. After we get the water in, I will approach Virgil and Virginia about the naming of the cavity ‘Bluefoundland'.
Pearl was just about to depart when Louie said. 'I have just had a thought Pearl. It is quite likely that we will get water down into Bluefoundland. Just as a good measure I think we should go and make sure all taps in the homes, the quarry and up in the turret- like house are turned off. We don't want any floods in the homes, or the turret-like house in particular. Rather than going to the Factory, Lulu and I could spend this afternoon doing this, what do you think Pearl?' Louie glanced at Lulu and Lulu smiled confirming she would accompany Louie to do just as he had suggested.
'Excellent Louie', said Pearl. 'What would we do without you! Yes it is absolutely essential that we do exactly as you have said; good work! Once the water is there we can then open all the taps and flush any dirt and sediment through'.
Pearl smiled to herself with satisfaction in the knowledge that she had some very smart bees assisting her. She then made herself ready to depart. Before she left she asked if she could just take one more look at the drawing of Louie on the lounge wall. The three filed inside and studied the picture of Louie once more. Smiles and suppressed sniggering quickly turned to uncontrolled laughter. Yes this wonderful picture of the now, Prince Louie, would give all much pleasure for many years to come! 
Two little blighters, who were supposed to be doing their lessons with Rose, bounced in with excitement on detecting that there was some interest being taken in their artwork.
‘We do sa mor, we do sa mor!’ two little creatures pleaded while dancing and hip hopping around with excitement.
No, Louie was definitely not interested in the ‘we do sa mor’ bit. That was for sure!
Pearl gave Tiger and Lily a hug then she was off. ‘See you two tomorrow at 8.00a.m'. said Pearl smiling while her eyes sparkled with excitement. Yes it had been a very interesting morning.
After Pearl had departed, Louie and Lulu sat out on the deck for a while and talked about their new future. There were things to be considered. Assuming it all worked out; would they live in Bluefoundland all year-round or perhaps just live there for the winter months? There was some thought needed as to whether to move the Factory down to Bluefoundland or even operate in two locations. Yes there were some big changes ahead but they were positive ones.
Louie and Lulu had lunch with Tiger, Lily and Rose then headed off down the stream to Bluefoundland. The two bees had a pleasant afternoon turning all the taps off. It took a good three hours or more. With the job done, they flew back up the stream about 6.00p.m. When they were close to their little house, they could see two small bees out on the deck, bouncing around and waving to their parents. Rose was with them. What a welcome! And what a happy end to a very productive day.

Louie the Bee - Chapter 9
Water is Restored to Bluefoundland Part I.

The next day (now Friday) dawned partly cloudy. There was a stiff cool south-westerly breeze. Sunny intervals were being punctuated with the occasional squally shower. Louie’s bee senses told him that pressures were rising, so it was likely the wind would drop and it would clear later in the day.
To prepare for the day ahead, Louie and Lulu had got up just after 6.30a.m. They needed to be ready to meet Pearl at 8.00a.m. Louie looked out at the weather and thought to himself they would possibly have to wait for showers to pass before they flew to the tunnel. 
He stood and watched the clouds passing overhead for a moment. The puffed up billowy tops were white in the early morning sun, they contrasted sharply with an eggshell blue sky behind. The white tops of the clouds graduated down to pewter gray bellies that were full of rain, ready to breach at a moment’s notice from Mother Nature herself. 
The activity in the sky that Louie was watching seemed to match the mood of the day. The clouds were on the move, not knowing for sure what was in store for them. It was the same for Louie and Lulu today. 
It was good having Rose to help them; the two little bees were a little grumpy at having been woken so early. Rose soon had them wash their teeth, brush their bodies then seated at the breakfast table, making the usual mess. This assistance from Rose gave Louie and Lulu some time together alone to discuss the day ahead and agree on what they needed to do. 
Louie needed a bit of encouragement from Lulu. Louie was nervous about letting Pearl down, ‘What if it doesn’t work Lulu?’
Lulu hugged her mate and stroked Louie’s head. ‘Of course it will work my bee, we will make it work. I know we will’.
Louie reflected to himself what a wonderful mate Lulu was and held her tightly for a moment. He looked at Lulu straight in the face. Her pretty brown eyes gave him all the courage he needed. ‘Thanks Lulu, I don’t know what I would do without you, I am alright now’.
Louie and Lulu went to join Rose, Tiger and Lily for breakfast. In the doorway to the room where breakfast was served, they both stopped and watched Tiger and Lily while they ate. The two little bees were both hungry and they were stuffing "most of" the breakfast that Rose had given them into their little mouths, some of it of course ended up elsewhere. 
What Rose had given the little blighters was a cereal mix liberally soaked with dandelion milk. Louie and Lulu had bought the cereal at the supermarket. It was called ‘Special Bee’. It was clearly stated on the packet - ‘G.E free’ (The Bees had thought it must mean Goodness and Energy came free - really!). Yes it was supposed to be very good for small bees and as it said on the packet it was especially good for promoting strong and healthy wings and things. Tiger was grinning from ear to ear with pleasure as he relieved the "extreme" hunger he felt.
While Louie and Lulu were watching; Lily’s "dolly", to whom Lily had been unsuccessfully trying to give some of her own breakfast, fell off the table onto the floor. Lily’s dolly was essentially a very much loved, rather worn, small replica of Lulu that Louie had made for her. Dolly’s name was Loobee-Loo. Nobody knew exactly why it was called Loobee-Loo; it was possibly a combination of the words Louie, Lulu and bee.
With a couple of squeaks of panic, Lily almost fell off her chair to attend to the needs of Loobee-Loo. It was a very touching little scene. Lily was muttering something like "oh dear, oh dear" and was stroking and comforting Loobee-Loo, just in case "she" might be mortally injured. Tiger on seeing the plight of Loobee-Loo joined Lily to help in the rescue effort. Much muttering and gentle stroking of Loobee-Loo by Tiger and Lily seemed to resolve the situation. It appeared that Loobee-Loo hadn’t been fatally injured after all!
Louie and Lulu smiled to one another, holding back a tear or two with the feelings they had for the little blighters. It brought other thoughts to mind; yes, they had to get the water to Bluefoundland for the sake of the two little bees. It would be a major part of securing a safe and happy future for them. Louie and Lulu both realised that the stream area, or Surface Paradise as it was now to be known, would always be susceptible to destruction by humans, flooding, weather conditions or even fire during dry summers. Deep below them, in fact deep below right where they stood, lay Bluefoundland, secure and safe from many of the threats they faced on the surface. 

......Just digressing for a moment. One might well ask - what about fire down in Bluefoundland, surely this must be just as much a risk as it was up in Surface Paradise?  This was unlikely however as heating, as we now know, was from the crystals and no flames were involved. Secondly lightening deep below ground would never be a problem and finally the insects hadn't taken up smoking and it was unlikely that matches and stuff would be chucked about in a careless manner as humans did!  No as far as smoking was concerned, the insects had seen humans roll up dead leaves in a paper tube, stick the tube in their mouths, set fire to it then suck the hell out of it. No it was just another one of those things that confirmed that humans were unable to think rationally.....  

Back to Tiger and Lily. After they had satisfactorily resolved the crisis with Loobee-Loo, and when Loobee-Loo had been restored to her "rightful" position at the table, Louie and Lulu moved in and sat down to have their own breakfast. Tiger and Lily immediately got down and ran around the table to their parents and gave them each a hug. Somehow they sensed that maybe Mum and Dad needed a bit of special love today, they seemed to know something was up. It was then back for the little pair, to finish with relish what was left of their breakfast.
At about ten to eight, Louie and Lulu said goodbye to Tiger, Lily and Rose, not forgetting of course Loobee-Loo with some insistence from Lily. Lulu let Rose know that they were spending the day with Pearl and probably wouldn’t be back until mid-to-late afternoon.
Louie and Lulu waited a couple of minutes for a shower to pass. Tiger and Lily clung to their parents. The rain cleared then Louie and Lulu were off. Tiger and Lily waved as Louie and Lulu flew up and away.
Once Louie and Lulu were airborne and heading towards the tunnel entrance, any feelings of apprehension about the day ahead melted away. Feelings changed to ones of excited anticipation about doing one of the most amazing jobs they were ever likely to do. Louie turned and smiled at Lulu flying alongside him. There was a certain amount of exhilaration from being buffeted by the gusty south-westerly wind.
Pearl was at the tunnel entrance when Louie and Lulu arrived. It was just after 8.00a.m. Louie unlocked the door and the trio moved in quickly to get out of the wind. Louie closed the door behind them and felt around for the Beehive matches that he kept near the entrance. He soon had the first candle lit; all was still and quiet in the tunnel in contrast to the boisterous windy day outside. Once Louie had lit the first candle the three insects looked at each other and smiled. They had a mission ahead of them. They were quietly confident of achieving what they were setting out to do and there wasn’t much to be said at this point. 
Louie led the way, lighting the candles along the wall as they went. It had been many months since they had all been in the tunnel together. Once in front of the quartz face, the three were bathed in the blue light that they were so familiar with. Louie stopped and turned to address Lulu and Pearl. Louie was quite a knowledgeable sort of bee on things such as weather and flying, and suggested. ‘When we get through to the other side I suggest that we perhaps climb up through a gap in the clouds and then fly over the tops to the coast. This way we won’t risk becoming disorientated or separated in rainsqualls or cloud. Also this will enable us to cruise along in the sunshine, not that we will be able to feel the warmth, but I think it would be safest. What do you two think?’
‘Louie’, said Pearl. ‘I totally agree, besides this is your project, you lead the way and we will do as you instruct, won’t we Lulu’. Lulu agreed and gave her Louie a hug of admiration for taking the initiative. 
‘Right’, said Louie, now full of confidence. ‘When we are through the quartz, I will head for our usual spot in the square outside the cake shop. Stay close to me and I will direct you from there. Let’s go!’
Louie went through the quartz first, closely followed by Lulu and Pearl. The three landed in the square as Louie had directed. It was raining heavily. None of them could feel the rain; however raindrops were landing on and running down their nymph shaped forms. This was a worry as it meant there was a silvery outline from the water spilling off their invisible shapes. Louie could see this when looking at Pearl and Lulu. Pearl and Lulu had noticed it with Louie. There was a possibility they could be seen and threatened by any humans that might be around. 
Louie looked up to the sky; through the rain there was a patch of blue to the west.
‘Quick follow me’, said Louie with a degree of urgency.
Louie took off and flew at full power. Initially he flew in a shallow climb. This was to avoid a close formation of a dozen or more ducks flying directly overhead. It was then straight up, past impressive moving walls of cloud, through a gap towards blue sky, then out on top. Pearl and Lulu followed just behind.
Louie levelled out and headed west. Lulu and Pearl moved in close on opposite sides of Louie. Pearl looked across and smiled. ‘Good work Louie, it was good to get out of there quickly, it's possible that some sort of shape could be seen by humans with the rain running over us, something we haven’t thought of before!’
‘Thanks Pearl’, said Louie. He then turned to Lulu and said. ‘Alright there my Lulu?’
‘Oh yes’, Lulu replied. ‘Isn’t it just so beautiful being above the clouds, we have never done this before’.
Indeed it was beautiful, just as Lulu had said. Way down below them, through gaps in the clouds they could see the thin line of the stream, wending its way down to the village that was now behind them. There was a wonderful feeling of being free. 
Being up so high, there was little sense of movement in relation to the ground. They could hear the gentle purr from the beating of their beautiful blue wings. Lulu looked down to the point where their house alongside the stream should be. She couldn’t help thinking about the two little bees that they had left behind and wondered if they were behaving themselves! 'One day', she said to herself. ‘When they are older they will be up here with us’. Lulu smiled, the beauty of what she could see around her was overwhelming. 
Ahead of them, way down below through a cloud break, they could see where the stream divided. On reaching this point, the three turned west. It was then only a matter of minutes before they were high above the falls that they knew so well. 
 The falls below them, looked beautiful. There was misty spray drifting away in the wind and catching the sunlight to display a soft rainbow effect.
Once past the falls they flew above the hills. The hills were covered in a thick green carpet of rain forest and bush. These were the hills that they had flown through via the tunnels and caves Virgil and Virginia had discovered. Cloud shadows flowed over the ridges and down into the valleys in an endless procession, driven to the northeast by the southwest wind. There were thick masses of Kauri trees and valleys of ferns. With the sun being relatively low in the sky, there were dark shadows cast by the steep ridges. These contrasted with the lush green of sunlit areas and highlighted the rugged relief of the land below.
The three continued flying due west across the hills. Soon, through gaps in the clouds, they could see the blue of the sea and parts of the rugged coastline. The coastline consisted of high cliffs dropping vertically to a white line of surf. Here waves lifted by the strong southwest wind, crashed and withdrew incessantly, as if trying to move the cliffs out of the way. 
Once directly over the coastline, Louie called out to Lulu and Pearl. ‘I will descend now to just above the sea. Initially I will keep out some distance from the cliffs. Then I will fly along to find the cave we want. If we keep some distance offshore we can avoid the turbulence from updrafts rising close to the cliffs. Follow me; at all times we must avoid flying in cloud so that we don’t lose sight of each other or become disorientated'.
Pearl marvelled at the confidence and knowledge Louie had now. Was this really the same bee she knew a couple of years ago? Yes Pearl had no doubts about Louie becoming King should anything ever happen to her. 
Louie, power off, commenced descending rapidly in tight circles. Lulu and Pearl remained either side of Louie. Their beautiful large blue wings gave them perfect control. Down they went, through a gap in the clouds, until they were just above the sea.
The sea appeared green and cruel and was streaked with foam. Crests were curling and breaking as the waves encountered shallower waters closer to the land. It was as though they were standing up in fear to get a better look, as the south-westerly wind drove them to their certain demise at the foot of the cliffs.
Somehow, being in the transformed state (having come through the quartz) the three insects felt detached and safe from the unforgiving environment that they were flying in. There was an overwhelming feeling of excitement and awe in descending to just above the sea. Partway down, a rain squall engulfed them and they moved closer together. The rain was heavy and reduced visibility considerably but didn’t affect their ability to fly. They felt invincible!
Now that the three were a short distance above the sea, they levelled out and turned towards the cliffs. They were being bounced around in an exhilarating manner as the wind tumbled across the sea then changed direction and rose up the high cliff face. They cruised right alongside a flock of seagulls for part of the way; it was something quite unique to be in another creature’s environment without them knowing. When the three moved close to the seagulls, the seagulls pealed off and dived away. It was possible they may have heard the soft purring noise from the trio’s wings. 
It took a few minutes of flying back and forth along the base of the cliffs to find the cave they were looking for. Louie knew that it would be close to the sea and he spotted it first. To confirm his finding he checked high above to ensure that he could see the entrance to the cave where they had all stayed on several occasions. Yes what he had found was indeed the cave that would lead them to where the water was. To Louie, Lulu and Pearl it was amazing how small the caves looked now that they were on the other side of the quartz. They were just small holes in the cliff face. Of course being in the blue nymph form they were much larger than they were as insects.
Louie pointed to the cave where they were heading and said. ‘Lulu, Pearl, that’s it over there, not far up from the sea, you two fly in first, I will follow’.
Lulu and Pearl headed for the cave entrance as Louie had bid. It was quite difficult controlling the approach to the entrance in the strong turbulent updrafts. Louie remained out over the sea, circling low, while watching to make sure that the two made it safely. 
Lulu and Pearl, now safe inside the cave entrance, moved in to make room for Louie to land. They both turned and watched him make his approach from out over the sea. They could see him rising and falling in the turbulence as he did a wide sweep and lined up the entrance to the cave. Louie's powerful blue wings gave him perfect control. He flew in and joined the others just inside the mouth of the cave.
To Louie the cave really did seem a lot smaller compared to the previous time when he had been with Virgil. Still he had judged the size correctly; there was plenty of width and height for them to fly on into the chamber where the waterfall was. 
Pearl was the first to speak. ‘Thanks Louie for the flight here, it was just so beautiful. With the wind rain and cloud, and flying so high over the hills it was something I will never forget. It's the first time any of us have done anything like it, thanks to you Louie. Did you enjoy it too Lulu?’
‘Oh yes’, said Lulu. ‘It was just magic; I couldn’t help thinking on the way over how wonderful it will be for Tiger and Lily to be able to do this with us some day’.
‘Right’, said Louie. ‘Follow me; hold your clenched fists in front so we can light the way and see where we are going'.
With plenty of blue light to enable them to see; the three took off and Louie led the way. They sped along the caves and tunnels taking little notice of their surroundings, there was a job to be done. It was only a matter of a couple of minutes and they were in the chamber with the waterfall; the diversion chamber as they now referred to it.
Inside the diversion chamber the trio settled for a moment. They sat on the flat plateau of rock to the north, the one that Louie had previously described. Lulu and Pearl looked around in awe at the beauty of what surrounded them. Before them was the waterfall, the crystal clear pool, the myriads of glow-worms overhead, nobody could talk until mentally they had confirmed to themselves it wasn’t a dream, it was very real. Somehow the electric blue light from their clenched fists made what they saw even more beautiful. Pearl marvelled to herself at the amount of water that crashed down from above into the pool. 'Oh yes', she thought to herself. 'Bluefoundland could definitely be restored with this amount of water being available!'
The three set about moving the rocks that lay at the foot of the eastern wall. As Louie had suggested they lifted them one by one up onto the plateau of rock. They took turns to have one clenching their fists to provide light, while the other two lifted and moved the rocks. The rocks they had moved were piled up and separated into small and large sizes. Within an hour all the rocks were up on the plateau. 
The tunnel that would carry the water away to Bluefoundland was now totally open and free of any restriction. It presented itself as a large, near circular, jagged opening at the bottom of the eastern wall. Through the opening and into the distance could be seen myriads of glow worms lining the walls - tapering as a tube speckled with pin pricks of light, to a point some distance away and down a gradual slope. Louie, Lulu and Pearl inspected the opening to the tunnel, oh yes; it was plenty big enough to take the water required for Bluefoundland. Excited at what they could see they glanced at each other, gave the thumbs up and flew back up onto the plateau to consider what they would do next.
The tunnel, where the water flowed away from the pool to the southeast, was also roughly round in shape. With the large volumes of water flowing out, Lulu and Pearl were a little concerned as to how they could block the tunnel with rocks, without being swept away themselves.
Louie had the answer. ‘See that large flat thinish slab of rock we have over there’, said Louie shouting above the noise of the water fall and pointing to one of the rocks up on the plateau. ‘That will more than cover the tunnel opening. What we need to do is carry it to a point well over to the left of the opening and lean it up against the wall. We will have to paddle our way through the pool to do it. It’s not very deep while the water continues to flow away. Once we have the slab in position, the three of us can push and slide it carefully across the opening. With all of us pushing together we should easily have the strength to do it’. 
‘You clever bee’, said Pearl shouting above the noise of the falls. ‘That really is a good idea’.
‘Thanks Pearl’, yelled Louie, who had secretly been a bit worried about what to do himself; that is until he had spotted the large flat slab of rock. ‘Once we have the slab of rock in place we will need to plug any remaining gaps around the edge with some of the smaller rocks we have. We will need to move quickly before the water level rises too far'. 
It was all go with Louie’s idea. Lulu clenched her fists to provide light while Louie and Pearl effortlessly lifted the large slab and placed it as Louie had suggested - some distance to the left of the tunnel where the water was flowing out. Next the three, waste deep in water, carefully pushed and slid the slab across the tunnel outlet. It was a case of moving the slab a short distance, then stopping and clenching fists to provide light to see how far the slab had been moved. Once the slab was in place it was held firmly by the pressure of water behind it. It would be difficult to ever move it again, especially once water levels had risen.
With the slab now in place, most of the water flowing out was blocked. It was now a case of plugging any remaining gaps. To do this they grabbed smaller rocks and splashed their way back and forth across the pool, placing them in any openings they could find. Yea! Job well done! 
With "mission completed", Louie, Lulu and Pearl sat up on the plateau and watched and waited. The water level of the pool was now rising….and rising!
Within half an hour, all of the sandy area in the middle of the chamber floor was under water. The water level was now not far below the edge of the rock plateau. When the water had risen just a little further, it started to flow out the tunnel to the east. A mighty cheer (combined with some high fives!) went up from the three sitting up on the rocky plateau. The first of the water was heading away to Bluefoundland! It was a very special moment.
They sat and watched a little longer. At first the water flowing away was just a trickle. Gradually the water level rose higher until it was lapping up onto the rocky plateau where they sat. With the water at this level there was sufficient water flowing out for the level to remain constant. It was very, very impressive, huge quantities of water were now flowing out and on down to Bluefoundland. It filled half the tunnel and swirled away in white rapids.
‘Time for the final job!’ yelled Louie. 'We will now lift some of the smaller rocks and drop them at the end of the tunnel that comes in from the sea. Remember we need to leave enough room to get back over the top of them'.
Louie, Lulu and Pearl flew up with smaller rocks and dropped them as Louie had directed. When they felt they had sufficient number; working from the seaward side, they piled up the rocks and completely blocked access back into the diversion chamber. Rocks were carefully placed so that there were no gaps left that could provide openings for birds, insects or others.
Having finished the job, it was now time to head back out to the sea and home again. When they emerged from the cliff they found the weather had cleared to a mainly fine day, the sea was a vivid blue and sparkled in the sun. The southwest wind was still fresh and it lifted the three rapidly up over the hills and on to a speedy run home. It was about midday when they came through the quartz and arrived back in the tunnel.
‘Well done Louie’, said Pearl. ‘The Mighty Saint Louie River is now flowing!’
Lulu hugged her Louie. She was so proud of what he had done. He was indeed a very special bee.
The three walked arm in arm back up the tunnel, saying little, each quietly replaying in their minds the part they had played in diverting the water. It was then out of the tunnel into the sunshine once more; back to the point where only a few hours before they had arrived with a job to be done. Now the job was complete, the tension was gone. Lulu and Pearl in a completely unrehearsed impulse of the moment shouted ‘Three cheers for Louie!’ (We don’t need to mention those yellow stripes turning a little pink again, do we!?)
‘Tell you what’, said Pearl. 'Let’s all go and have lunch at the Nest Cafe. After lunch we can fly down to Bluefoundland and take a look. Some of the water should be down there by then’. Pearl’s eyes were flashing and sparkling with excitement.
‘Yes, yes!’ said Lulu jumping up and down like a child. Louie laughed at Lulu and grabbed her to give her a squeeze. That moment was one of the happiest of Louie’s life. He really had become a strong and assertive bee, he could feel it, and he was proud of it. 
‘Right’, said Louie. The Nest Cafe, here we come!'
Lunch at the Nest Cafe took about an hour. The day had brightened up considerably and the wind had dropped just as Louie had thought it would - clever bee! The stream below the Nest Cafe sparkled in the sun.
Now it was the big question, would there be water down in Bluefoundland? The three with some slight apprehension headed off to take a look. There were thoughts of maybe the water could have disappeared down some unknown hole or fissure, or maybe it would just disappear through porous rock. 
Their fears were unfounded. The three landed and stared in amazement at what they had achieved. There sure enough, was a wide shallow area of water just below the turret-like house. Eventually, possibly within a day or so, this area would be filled and form the lake behind the dam. Glancing to the south, they could see that water was coming down in copious quantities, there was a raging river with rapids; it had worked! It appeared that most, if not all, of the water that had been diverted was arriving down in Bluefoundland.
‘Let’s go up to the clay quarry and mica mine’, said Lulu. ‘And see if water is coming out there too’.
The three took off again at Lulu’s suggestion, and headed north. On arrival they could see up at the back, in the rocky area between the two quarries, water gushing out and flowing down from the hole in the rock; it was almost too good to be true. It was all falling into place. With water arriving at this point it meant that there would be water up behind the homes as had been hoped.
Pearl thought for a moment then said. ‘Let’s let the lake fill over the next couple of days and allow the water to flush out any debris from up behind the homes. On Monday, two days from now, I would guess that the lake will be filled. Water will be flowing over the dam and on down to the holes in the rock where the air comes in. I suggest we all meet back here then, and see how things are progressing, what do you think team?’
Louie and Lulu agreed.
Louie had an idea. ‘Pearl before we go, let’s take a small piece of quartz crystal from the pile at the bottom of the cave where they spill out into the cavity. We can dip it in some of the water that has come down, let it dry, and see if it glows’.
‘Great idea Louie’, said Pearl, and they flew off to try Louie’s idea.
Louie picked up a quartz crystal. It was a little less that a quarter of his own size. He carried it to where the water had accumulated close by to the turret-like house. He dipped the crystal in the water and made sure the surface was thoroughly wet. Then he lifted it out and shook off the excess water. He then laid it in a dry spot and waited. Sure enough within seconds it began to glow. Yes the water contained Mellennium!
Feeling happy with the Mellennium test, the three surveyed the scene for a moment. The water close by was quite muddy and dirty. Yes it would be good to leave things for a day or two to have a good “wash through”. It was felt by the three that it was essential that the water be as clean as possible before opening any of the taps in the houses or at the quarry for that matter. Any dirt in the ceramic taps could cause them to malfunction.
So Monday it was to be when they would return. It was decided for Pearl to drop in for breakfast with the bees at eight that morning. After breakfast they would return once more to Bluefoundland. What a successful day it had been!

Louie the Bee - Chapter 10
Water is Restored to Bluefoundland Part II.

On Monday morning, Pearl arrived as arranged at the Bee Household, just after 8.00a.m. The little bees by this time had had their breakfast and were with Rose doing their lessons. In fact today Rose was teaching Tiger and Lily about nature and had taken them down to the stream. This was to the special place just below the house to learn about plants and flowers. So when Pearl arrived, all was peaceful, which puzzled her initially.
'Gosh it's quiet', said Pearl. 'Where are the little blighters, I hope they are not sick or something?'
'Oh no', said Lulu. 'They are down by the stream with Rose having a nature lesson; they will be back up shortly no doubt. Obviously they haven't detected you are here Pearl, otherwise they would be up here like a shot!'
'Breakfast is ready out on the deck Pearl', said Louie. 'Rose kindly set it all up for us before she took Tiger and Lily down to the stream. Let's all go and enjoy it while there is still some peace around here!'
The three moved out onto the deck. The air was fresh and the surrounding bush was lush and green after some heavy overnight rain. The stream below could be heard quite distinctly - swollen to some degree by the runoff from the land after the drenching a few hours before.
The deck was dry now; the sun had been shining on it for the past hour or so. However the surrounding bush still glistened with remaining raindrops clinging to the leaves. It was as if the raindrops enjoyed being in the sun and didn't want to move on down to the ground below. 
'Ah this is the life', said Pearl as she made herself comfortable at the deck table. She took a deep breathe of the surrounding air that was laden with the delicious smells of rain washed flora.
'Agreed', said Louie with a sigh of contentment.
The three helped themselves to the delicious breakfast Rose had made. Yes, scrambled spider eggs, gum leaf toast liberally spread with dandelion milk butter, and of course this was all washed down with Louie's favourite, TG tips tea.
'I have been half expecting to have a visit or call from Virgil over the past two days', said Pearl, relaxing and casually waving a piece of uneaten gum leaf toast around to emphasise what she was saying. 'I thought he may have ventured down to Bluefoundland to take another look and discovered the water. It's probably best though that we tell him after what we find this morning. What I really want is to get Virgil and Virginia down there when the lake is full and the water is flowing over the dam. This will give them both a real surprise. It would also be a good time to honour them for their discovery and tell them that the cavity will be officially named Bluefoundland'.
Louie and Lulu agreed. Louie made a suggestion. 'It would be a good idea to run water through all the ceramic plumbing in the houses to clear out any debris, before anyone else has access. Until we learn how to make ceramics ourselves we will need to do our best to preserve what is there now and keep it functioning correctly'. Louie was right; there were a few things to be done before opening up Bluefoundland to the community at large. 
Just as the three were finishing their breakfast Rose came up from the path that led down to the stream. Two little bees were circling and zooming around above her. When Tiger and Lily saw Pearl there were the usual utterances of 'Yea Arny Bell!', and they landed beside her. There was much bouncing up and down and happiness. 
Once the bouncing around had ceased, Pearl had to sit patiently and listen to the pair explain what Rose had been teaching them down by the stream. Most of what the little creatures were saying was complete and utter gibberish, but the "gibberish" was uttered with a great deal of enthusiasm and arm waving. Pearl nodded with approval and gave the impression she understood every word, it was a very serious one way "discussion". Louie, Lulu and Rose watched for several minutes as Tiger and Lily tried to "teach" Pearl all they had learnt about nature! Finally, Pearl not having really understood any of it, smiled and told them what clever little bees they were. Subsequently the two small bees announced to all, 'Yea, Arny Bell clever as us!' - What would you do with them!
Lulu thanked Rose for the marvellous breakfast and helped her clear the table. Then it was time to say goodbye and go and see what was going on down in Bluefoundland! This would be exciting.
With Rose holding on to two little bees (who were once more bouncing up and down while waving goodbye) Pearl took off and headed down to the stream, Louie and Lulu followed then moved up and flew either side of Pearl. Once over the stream the three glanced at one another and smiled, but said nothing.
At the Nest Cafe, Pearl turned west and headed to the rocky outcrop. They all noticed as they entered the hole at the top that there was less hot air coming out. It was easier to fly in. Louie commented. 'I think the water flowing through has had a cooling effect'.
As the trio circled down to Bluefoundland they could see the crystals far below, glowing as before. However this time it was a little different, the lights were being reflected off the surface of the lake, it was beautiful. They alighted on the roof of the turret-like house and looked around.
What a magic scene. The newly formed lake was magnificent. The magnificence was added to by the many stalagmites rising majestically and being perfectly reflected in the smooth surface of the water. Most of the stalagmites of course had glowing crystals at the top. 
The water of the lake was crystal clear; obviously there had been a good "flush through" since the three last visited a couple of days ago. The newly restored lake extended just over half the distance across the width of the cavity; there was the odd area of the water where the surface was slightly rippled by the movement of air down from the northern end. 
The water's edge was quite close to the homes along the wall. The facades and lights of the homes were reflected in reverse in the smooth surface. Louie, Lulu and Pearl couldn't speak for several minutes because of the beauty of what they saw. 
The cavity was no longer deathly quiet. There was the "shshsh" sound of water flowing over the dam and away to the north. The amount of water flowing was massive, just as they had hoped it would be. It definitely appeared to be that all the water from the diversion chamber, every last drop of it, was now flowing through Bluefoundland.
At Pearl's suggestion they flew to a point past where the homes along the west wall ended. They landed and looked back at the dam. It was an amazing sight. There was water spilling over the entire width. It cascaded smoothly down the face. It was as though the front of the dam had been covered in a white lacy curtain that was constantly moving down. The water, once over the dam, concentrated in the centre of the cavity and flowed away as a fast flowing river to the north. With such a large amount of water there were white rapids away into the distance that sparkled and bubbled in the light of the crystals. Once more none of the insects spoke for some time; instead they sat and took in the sheer beauty of what they could see and basked in the radiated warmth of the crystals. The soothing sound of the rapids combined with the warmth somehow gave a feeling of being safe and remote from any threats. What had been a stark and sterile environment only a few days ago was now alive and inviting as the masses of water made its way through. Sure there were still the stark and barren areas of rock and soil but this was about to change, vegetation would soon return. Bluefoundland had risen from the ashes. The insects felt a deep sense of pride; it belonged to them and the community, and no one else.
While they sat watching the water spill over the dam, Louie broke the silence and said. 'Gosh I think I know how the dam was built'.
'How Louie?' said Pearl.
'Tell us Louie', said Lulu grabbing Louie's arm. 'I think I know too'.
'Well', Louie continued. 'We have surmised that it was built from what was excavated from the homes, but not as to how it has been made into the strong hard structure that it is. The surface is as hard as rock, it's like concrete - and that more or less is exactly what it is. What these clever insects would have done I believe is this. With the excavations from the homes, they would have heated the extracted material using a crystal furnace - setup somewhere close by. No doubt the furnace has been long since removed. They would have produced burnt lime or cement just as they did up at the ceramics building in the kiln we have seen there. The burnt lime would have been crushed then mixed with water and possibly clay to make a form of mortar. The mortar would have then been placed and smoothed into position to make the dam we can see. They possibly mixed in rocks and other solid debris as a filler - it would have taken years though - maybe there were many hundreds of insects who worked to build it'. 
'Yes I believe you could be right Louie', said Pearl. 'But how would they have blocked the water while it was still flowing, it would have washed anything put in place away?'
'Your turn Lulu', said Louie. 'You discovered the limestone blocks!'
'It's like this Pearl', said Lulu smiling at Louie. 'The other day when you were exploring with Virgil and Virginia and found the insects who had died, Louie and I had a good look at the dam. In the middle there is a section that has been filled with large precisely cut limestone blocks. The walls of the dam would have been built up to each side of the original river; then the blocks would have been laid in the remaining gap to finally block the flow. The blocks would have come from that recess we have seen just past where the homes start. Over time, creatures such as white ants would have been quite capable of nibbling out blocks of that size. What still mystifies Louie and I though is that the blocks are far too large for insects to have ever moved. Maybe - just maybe - the insects who once lived here, had the ability to transform to the blue nymph form, as we do. I suspect we may find out more when we have checked out the quartz at the back of the cave where the crystals are'. 
'Hmmm', said Pearl looking across at the dam once more. 'Maybe you two are right. One thing though, even if the original insects could have transformed themselves to the blue nymph form, it's still hard to understand. With the large amount of water we see flowing, the blocks and those laying them would surely have been swept away'.
'What I believe Pearl, is this', said Louie. 'We have to remember, the water that used to flow through, is actually the water that now flows as our stream up in Surface Paradise. Our stream didn't exist up until the time volcanic activity blocked the flow in Chamberland Park. Of course in comparison, the volume of water flowing along the stream in Surface Paradise is nothing like what we have flowing down here now. With much smaller volumes of water, it probably wasn't too much of a hassle to place and neatly fit the limestone blocks in the middle of the dam. Additionally when you think of it, with much less water flowing, the lake would have taken months to fill so there would have been time to fit the blocks together and seal them with cement or mortar'.
'Yes of course Louie', said Pearl. 'Silly me, the volume of water flowing wouldn't have been anything like what we have now. Well done you two for thinking of it. I think you are possibly right with what you have surmised - except how would they have ever gained the ability to be transformed by the quartz - there were no such things as electric streetlights in those times! I agree though that white ants would have been quite capable of "nibbling" out the blocks of limestone but they wouldn't have been able to move them - not without some assistance from something extraordinary - like us being in the blue nymph form'.
There were still plenty of things that still weren't fully understood. The three sat pondering in silence awhile longer. Pearl then went over to Louie and squeezed his arm. 'Look what you have done you wonderful bee. This is beyond my wildest dreams. With the amount of water flowing, it is possibly far more beautiful than it was thousands of years ago. This place is alive again and it is all thanks to you Louie'.
'Thanks Pearl', said Louie. His eyes were glazed with emotion and of course his yellow stripes had turned just a tiny little bit pink! Lulu gave Louie a squeeze, she was very proud of her Louie.
Louie made a suggestion. 'The water looks really clean now, let's take the opportunity to go and turn all the taps on in the houses and down at the quarry to let any dirt and sediment flush through. We can leave the water running and then fly down to where the water flows out and have a look, it should be interesting. Then we can come back and turn all the taps off again. Just one thing, we probably should do the same up in the turret-like house but I think we can leave this until later. For now it needs to be done mainly in the facilities our community will be using'.
'Good idea Louie', said Pearl. 'Let's move along and do all the houses from this point back to the southern end'.
The three moved separately and entered each of the homes. All taps were turned on full (including the ones for the light boxes). It took two hours or more for the three to work their way along all of the homes. The last home was at the point where the lake commenced. The insects who had lived in the cavity previously had made the dam just high enough so that all the homes had a lake-front view!
When the water had been turned on in the last home Louie, Lulu and Pearl looked along the cavity to the south. What an awesome sight, the Mighty Saint Louie River was a raging torrent as it flowed down from Chamberland Park. As with the water flowing away to the south from the dam, there were white rapids as far as the eye could see. There was a long silver line of water, narrowing to a single point away in the distance where it was black with the lack of any light source.
'We will need to put some crystals along there', said Louie pointing away to the south. 'So we can see our way to Chamberland Park'.
'Yes', said Pearl. 'As you have said Louie, we just need to carry some crystals up there, wet them and put them in suitable locations and allow them to dry. Virgil and Virginia could help us with that'.
Lulu made a good point. 'I wonder why there aren't any lights back there. Did the previous occupants never go up to Chamberland Park?'
'Yes that is a good point Lulu', said Pearl thinking about it. 'That is a very good point, well done. There is no good reason why the insects wouldn't have gone up to Chamberland Park if they could have. Thinking about it, I believe that access must have been restricted by loose rocks in the tunnel. The smaller water flow of the time would have flowed over and around these rocks but there would be little or no space to fly up the tunnel. What I think may have happened is that when the explosion of steam and poisonous gases occurred, the tunnel was possibly cleared by water pushed along by the pressure of the explosion'. 
Yes there was a lot to think about, but it was time to get on with what they needed to do. 
'Let's fly to the quarry area and do our job there', said Louie. 'Then we can go and take a look where the water goes out the holes. By then sufficient time would have passed to return and turn the water off again'.
'Excellent Louie', said Pearl. 'Right you two, let's go'.
The three took off and flew back to the north. They sped along side by side, just above the lake surface. Then it was over the dam and on to the quarry. From there it was down to the end of the cavity system. Just below them as they flew, the rapids of the river bubbled, sparkled and chattered almost as if they were saying to the insects, "welcome back". 
On reaching the end of the cavity the three beheld another spectacular sight. The water was swirling and bubbling like a witch's cauldron. As the water flowed out the holes, air was forcing its way up at the same time and created the effect the three could see. 
'Look at that', said Pearl. 'No wonder the air felt a little cooler when we came in this morning. The air is now saturated with moisture and it takes more energy to heat it'.
'You are right Pearl', said Louie. 'It will never get too hot in Bluefoundland now. It will be really pleasant to live down here all year round'.
'It is amazing isn't it', said Pearl. 'With the air being a little cooler it will make the climate down here almost perfect. As I see it, our homes and where we live will be just the right temperature but we can bask in the heat radiated by the crystals if we want to'. 
The three stood in silence for some time and watched the "bubbling cauldron". 
Lulu spoke first. She had an idea which she explained to the others. 'It's just coming up to midday. Before we go back to turn the water off again, let's fly up and pay our respects once more, to the insects who died and left us this wonderful place. After this I suggest we have lunch at the Nest Cafe; then this afternoon we fly up to the waterfall and go in and have a look at Chamberland Park. I am dying to have a look at it seeing I named it!' 
'Alright clever one', said Louie laughing. 'Good idea Lulu'.
'Agreed', said Pearl smiling.
The three flew out over the "bubbling cauldron" and allowed themselves to be carried up by the updraft. Now that water was flowing out and partially restricting airflow in, the updraft wasn't quite as fierce. Respects were paid to their predecessors. It was very sobering to see it all again and the three didn't dwell long.
Louie, Lulu and Pearl returned to turn off the water at the quarry area and in the homes. Then it was back to Surface Paradise to have lunch at the Nest Cafe and reflect on what they had achieved. 
After a fine lunch, the much refreshed and excited insects flew off to the falls, where they arrived about mid-afternoon. The three landed on the flat piece of rock to the right of where the water flowed out of the cliff face. They sat and rested before going down into the chamber below, there had been quite a strong southwest wind to fly against on the way.
Louie made a suggestion. 'What I suggest is that I just go and have a quick look to make sure it is safe before we all go in. We have changed a lot of things and it might not be quite the same'.
Louie wasn't really quite sure why he had said this, somehow his bee senses warned him to be careful. 'Hmmm what could it be?' he thought to himself.
'Good idea Louie', said Pearl. 'Lulu and I will wait here'.
'Be careful', said Lulu grabbing Louie's arm.
'I will', said Louie and gave Lulu's arm a squeeze before departing.
Louie took off, flew across the water and went down into the chamber below. He was gone for two or three minutes before he was back. He was excited by what he had seen. 
'It's amazing, I can't believe it', said Louie. 'Remember this morning we saw how the air comes in and mixes and bubbles with the water going out. As we discussed, due to this action, the air becomes saturated with moisture. Of course this air moves up through Bluefoundland due to the chimney effect that you explained to us some time ago Pearl. Well believe it or not, when the air rises the huge distance it does in the chamber below, it cools and is forming clouds at the top!' 
'That's absolutely amazing', said Pearl and Lulu together.
'Is it safe to fly in Louie?' said Pearl.
'Yes I believe so', Louie replied. 'There are just puffy clumps of cloud and there are gaps down through which we can fly. The clouds are slowly drifting towards the opening in the eastern wall. They are being dragged across by the action of the waterfall taking air with it. The phenomenon is possibly being assisted by the south-westerly airflow over the hills that we have today, as well'.
'Let's go and have a look', said Lulu excited by what Louie was saying.
'Just one thing', said Louie. 'We have to be careful that we don't accidentally fly into cloud and become disorientated. If we do there could be a risk of losing our sense of direction and ending up being caught in the waterfall. Today there are only a few puffy bits of cloud. Depending on conditions, at times there could be thick cloud at the top'.
'Good thinking Louie', said Pearl. 'You really are a wise and clever bee!'
Before Louie's stripes could turn pink again, he thanked Pearl and announced. 'Follow me and stay close'.  
The three headed across the water in single file and on down into the chamber, the chamber now known as Chamberland Park. As Louie had described there were puffy clumps of cloud immediately below them at the top. 
Louie chose a suitable gap - well away from the hole in the eastern wall, and down they went towards the sandy floor far below. They could see that half of the floor area was now a lake, into which the water arriving from the diversion chamber crashed down from the tunnel exit some distance up from the floor. The newly formed waterfall was truly spectacular.
The insects alighted on the remaining sandy area and looked around, stunned at what they saw. It was another world. It was almost terrifyingly beautiful. None of them had seen anything like this. Not only was there now a beautiful new lake, there was also a massive waterfall together with the Mighty Saint Louie River flowing off out and down the tunnel to the east. Apart from this, most amazing of all, high above them were light puffy white clouds, drifting slowly across to the jagged hole high up in the eastern wall. The clouds were catching the sun that was shining through the waterfall. The sunlight on the clouds danced and altered in intensity with the refraction caused by the flowing water. Instead of the clouds being back-grounded by blue sky as was usually the case, they stood out against the dark shades of rock at the top of the chamber. It was quite surreal.  
The three looked at the water flowing out down the eastern tunnel. Even though there were large amounts of water flowing away, there was still plenty of room in the tunnel to fly above the water and have easy access to and from Bluefoundland. What they had to do now was put some of the crystals along the walls to provide lighting, as Louie had suggested. 
The insects studied and commented on what they were seeing for some time. It was getting on towards late afternoon when Pearl turned and said to Louie and Lulu. 'Time is getting on, I think we have achieved enough for today. One thing we haven't done is go and checkout our ability to go through the quartz from the Bluefoundland side. What I suggest is that we do this first thing in the morning. It is important to know as soon as possible if there are any issues or complications that we need to be aware of. After we have accomplished this, I suggest we get Virgil and Virginia down and let them take a look. To be fair to them, they should be shown as soon as possible, in fact when we get Virgil and Virginia down, let's get them to bring the Ten Ants. I would hate it for those happy little creatures to feel left out. How about we meet down in Bluefoundland at 8.00a.m. and have an early start on getting the quartz issues sorted out?'
Louie and Lulu agreed. It had been a long day. It was time to head home, have a good night's sleep and return refreshed for another day tomorrow.
The three took off and headed to the top of Chamberland Park, up through the amazing clouds they went and out the top. Louie and Lulu thought it would be a good idea for Pearl to have tea with them, and perhaps stay the night. Yes, Pearl was tired but happy, and she gratefully accepted the invitation.
Over tea, in the light of the flickering flames from Louie's stove, they talked some more about the day. Rose, Tiger and Lily were with them and they listened intently to what was being said. Lily had sat Loobee-Loo up on the table in a bolt upright position to listen as well. Louie asked Rose to keep what they were saying confidential as none of the other community members knew of the discovery yet. It was hard to tell from the whispered muttering that was going on, but it seemed that Lily had similarly instructed Loobee-Loo to keep things confidential too! From what had been described, Rose felt very excited about the prospect of living with the Bee Family down in Bluefoundland.
It was only about half an hour after tea when it appeared to be that Loobee-Loo was the only one awake, still sitting bolt upright where Lily had placed her. As for the rest of the members around the table, there was absolute silence apart from some light snuffly snoring sounds! Sometime later Louie and Lulu awoke; they both stretched and yawned, then carefully picked up the wee bees who were sound asleep where they sat. They held them tight for a moment, then put them to bed. Loobee-Loo was of course carefully put into bed with Lily. Rose awoke, yawned and stretched, said goodnight and went off to her room. 
Before Louie joined Lulu, he made up a bed for Pearl in the lounge, just below the now "infamous" drawing of Louie! Pearl lay back and looked up at the drawing, stifled a laugh, smiled to herself and promptly fell asleep. Strangely enough Pearl had an amazing dream about a clever bee who had brought water down to Bluefoundland.

Louie the Bee - Chapter 11
Pearl Has an Anxious Time

Next morning (Tuesday), Louie, Lulu and Pearl were up having breakfast at 6.00a.m, they wanted to make an early start at Bluefoundland. Access through the quartz was an important issue to address. The three had been very quiet and kept their voices down so that Rose and the two little bees could sleep on for a while longer.
There hadn't been any rain over night as with the previous day. There was a cool south-westerly blowing with partly cloudy conditions. Rain today was unlikely. Louie lit the stove and the three had a cosy breakfast in the warmth inside.
Over breakfast Pearl discussed a plan she had in her mind.
'What I think we will need to do', said Pearl, 'Is for me to go through the quartz on my own first. We don't know for sure if I will come out at the bank in the village. Another thing is if I do come out in the village we don't know if I can return back to Bluefoundland. I could end up back in the tunnel, in fact the more I think about it, it is most likely that this is where I would return, the reason being that the quartz at the bank has been quarried from the same area as the quartz at the end of the tunnel'.
Pearl paused for a moment then spoke with a serious note. 'I insist that neither of you come with me until I have checked it out. As we discussed yesterday there are some strange things that relate to the ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics we have found. If something does go wrong and I don't make it back, I want you two to carry on with the establishment of Bluefoundland. It may sound ridiculous but it would be the end of me if half my body ended up back in the tunnel and the other half in Bluefoundland. It doesn't bear thinking about, but it is a risk I will have to take'.
Louie started to say, 'I could go Pearl....', but he was emphatically interrupted by Pearl.
'No Louie, that's an order'. Pearl reached out and clasped Louie's arm. She was serious. Her eyes flashed like green emeralds and fiercely displayed the inner strength and resolve she had. 'It is essential to have both of you remaining to carry on and ensure that Bluefoundland is returned to its former glory. Getting the water down there has been a start, a major start brought about by your cleverness Louie, but there is much, much more to be done yet'.
'Sorry Pearl', said Louie. 'I understand and respect what you are saying'.
Pearl smiled and said, 'It's alright Louie, thanks for offering. It's fairly unlikely that anything untoward will happen, we just don't know yet'. 
'What I suggest we do when we get there this morning is this. I will go through. Give me say half an hour, no longer. If I don't return, fly out and go to the tunnel to see if I have returned there.
'Once we have determined what the situation is with the quartz we can forget about it and get on with other things. For one thing I really want to get Virgil, Virginia and the Ten Ants down to have a look at the water. I can't wait to see their reactions!'
Serious discussion continued over breakfast for about another half an hour. At this point in time the three were interrupted by the arrival of one small sleepy bee by the name of Lily. She was rubbing her little eyes with one hand, while the other dragged Loobee-Loo by one leg in a rather undignified position, behind. Lily looked very cute and cuddly in a pair of red polka dot "beejamas" that Lulu had made for her out of spider silk.
Lulu bent over and picked up the cuddly little bee (together with Loobee-Loo) then sat back down at the table. Lily had heard the three talking over breakfast and demanded to know what was going on. There was a puzzled look on her little face as she looked up at Lulu. 'Wa's up? We go cave more?'
Louie, Lulu and Pearl laughed. 
'Hmmm', said Pearl smiling while looking at Lulu holding Lily. 'What I see is the very reason that I will go through the quartz first! Tiger and Lily need both of you'.
'Oh Pearl', said Lulu with a sigh. 'We owe so much to you, please be careful today'. Pearl flashed back a warm smile in response. 
It wasn't long before Tiger was awake and had joined Louie at the table. Rose emerged and sat down too. With discussions over, it was time for Louie, Lulu and Pearl to head for Bluefoundland. They said goodbye to Rose and the two little bees (not forgetting Loobee-Loo). Then it was off, out into the cool early morning air and down the stream to Bluefoundland.
While they were flying along the stream, Pearl glanced to the west and could see her streetlight apartment some distance away. Pearl was a little nervous about what might lie ahead today. A tear or two welled up in her eyes. She was very fond of that home she had known for many years now. Pearl pleaded to herself quietly, 'Please let me come back today so I can see my home again, please'.
Louie and Lulu noticed Pearl was a little upset about something and flew in close alongside to comfort her. 'Are you alright Pearl?' said Lulu.
Pearl explained to the pair what she had been feeling and how she loved her home, and felt better by sharing her concerns. 'What truly wonderful companions you two are', said Pearl brightening up considerably. 'I just couldn't do without you both'.
If it wasn't for the fact that they had arrived at the opening at the top of the rocky outcrop, we might have had two bees with tears in their eyes too. No it was on with the job in hand. Pearl led the way in and on down to Bluefoundland. It was just as magnificent as it had been the previous day, nothing had changed. Pearl flew down low across the dam and on down to where the crystals spilled from the cave in the western wall.
The three landed. The nearby crystals glowed blue. They all looked up into the cave, it was dark and uninviting. Pearl readied herself then said, 'Here goes, wish me luck, remember if I am not back within half and hour, fly out and check the tunnel'.
The beautiful courageous moth took off and flew into the cave. She flew just above the crystals that littered the floor. On towards the back of the cave she went. Louie and Lulu could see her progress; she was being illuminated by the crystals glowing just below where she was flying. The patch of blue light was getting smaller as Pearl neared the back of the cave.
Suddenly the solid quartz crystal wall at the end of the cave glowed in a vertical sheet of bright electric blue. For a moment Louie and Lulu could see Pearl silhouetted as a small dot in the light. Then she was gone and the blue light faded to black.
Lulu trembled and cried a little. She held on tightly to Louie and whispered to him. 'Will Pearl ever come back?'
'I am sure she will', said Louie comforting Lulu, although he was worried too. Pearl meant so much to them both, surely it would be alright, they all had so much to do together in the coming years, yes it must be alright.
'Well my bee', said Louie taking control of the situation. 'We need to sit and wait for up to half an hour for Pearl to come back. Let's go and sit by the water's edge and try and relax'.
Louie and Lulu sat patiently waiting by the edge of the lake. It was peaceful just sitting and taking in their surroundings. It was pleasantly warm and there was the lightest of breezes passing along to the south and on to Chamberland Park. The light of the crystals made it like sitting in the sun up on the surface. The sound of the water flowing over the dam and on down to the end of the cavity had a mesmerisingly soothing effect.
Half an hour passed and Pearl had still not returned. 'Don't worry yet', said Louie. 'Let's go and check out the tunnel. It's quite likely Pearl will be there',
Louie and Lulu took off together and flew up out of Bluefoundland and on to the tunnel. No, Pearl wasn't there. The pair weren't quite sure what they should do next.
'Louie I am really worried now', said Lulu clutching hold of Louie.
'I know I am too', said Louie. 'Let's go back to Bluefoundland and wait again by the cave where the crystals are. I am sure Pearl will be alright. Remember we have been through this before when Pearl first went through the quartz. We didn't know if she would ever come back then and she did'.
Louie and Lulu left the tunnel and flew back down into Bluefoundland. They landed, not far from the cave where Pearl had disappeared, and waited once more.
They had been sitting waiting for about another ten minutes when they both heard a soft purring sound. They recognised it immediately. It was the sound their wings made when they were flying while in the blue nymph form. The sound was getting closer, coming up from the south. Then they felt a slight rush of air, some fine particles of limestone nearby on the floor of cavity were disturbed and blown about. The purring sound stopped. 
'Is that you Pearl!?' said Louie and Lulu simultaneously.
'Yes it is', said a voice that was unusual and somewhat spooky but somehow recognisable as belonging to Pearl. 'I am sitting right beside you, I am just going to reach out and touch you Lulu, so don't be alarmed, I know you can't see me'.
Lulu felt a soft touch from Pearl. The feeling was neutral, no warmth or cold.
'What a relief to hear from you Pearl', said Louie. 'Are you alright?'
'I think so', said Pearl. 'I won't stop and talk now. I have really come just to let you know I am still here. I have to see if I can try and come back as a moth again. Sorry if I have worried you. Just one thing I would like to try before I go, I am going to clench my fists, tell me if you can see the blue light'.
Yes! Louie and Lulu could see the blue from Pearl's clenched fists and confirmed it back to her. There were two blue glowing spheres of light right close to where they sat, suspended in mid-air. They could also see the faint translucent outline of Pearl's humanoid hands! It was quite eerie.
'It's only you two, or anyone that has been conditioned', said Pearl in her strange voice. 'That can see the light from my fists. Just as it is only the three of us that can see the blue light when we go close to the quartz. It's all incredibly interesting, I have lots to tell. I have to get back through the quartz again. Just wait here, I don't know how long I will be, wish me luck'.
Louie and Lulu heard the purr of Pearl's wings and felt the movement of air as she took off. Again fine particles of limestone were blown about by the action of her wings. By the direction of the purring sound, she was heading back into the cave from which the quartz crystals spilled. Then they saw it, it was glowing blue in the cave. A short time later the wall at the back of the cave glowed in a sheet of electric blue - then it was black once more. Pearl had obviously gone back through the quartz again.
Louie and Lulu waited nervously for about half an hour. Then the quartz in the cave glowed blue once more. 'Look', said Lulu pointing to the cave, 'Pearl must be coming back'. But no, the blue glow disappeared again and there was no sign of Pearl.
'Pearl must be having problems', said Louie trying to disguise a degree of anxiousness in his voice. 
'Oh please let her be alright', said Lulu clutching hold of Louie and trying to be brave. 'It would be terrible if she didn't come back, I am really scared Louie'.
'Yes I am too', said Louie looking anxiously towards the cave.
A few minutes later there was a blue glow in the cave once more. Louie and Lulu could see the silhouette of Pearl as she flew towards them. Within a few moments out she flew; now back in her beautiful moth form. She alighted beside Louie and Lulu and spoke. 'Oh it is so good to be back. I was really quite worried there for a while, however I have made it and you two can join me next time. There is just so much to tell, it's truly unbelievable'.
Pearl really had been truly frightened that she wouldn't make it back and was trying to steady herself as she quivered with fright - it took a few moments to recover. She sat for a while taking in her surroundings to make sure it was all real and that what she saw was not just the cruel trick of a bad dream.
'What I think the next priority is', said Pearl finally, now she had recovered to some degree. 'Is to see about getting Virgil, Virginia and the Ten Ants down here. Checking out the quartz has taken me longer than I thought it would this morning. I don't want any of our good friends to accidentally discover what has happened with the water, if we can avoid it. We have left it long enough now. Let's go up to Surface Paradise and phone Virgil. Once we have done this important job we can perhaps go to the Nest Cafe afterwards and I will tell all'.
The three headed back up to Surface Paradise. 
'Tell you what', said Louie. 'Let's all go to the Nest Cafe now, you probably need to sit down and relax for a while Pearl. We can have some refreshments and phone Virgil from there'.
'Good idea Louie', Pearl responded. 'I could certainly do with sitting down and relaxing after what I have just been through'.
The three headed for the Nest Cafe. Louie's favourite table twenty-seven by the window was available. Being late morning it was fairly quiet, just what the insects wanted.
Pearl rummaged around in her handbag and retrieved her smell phone. She phoned Virgil. There was no answer so Pearl tried Virginia. Yes Virginia was there; apparently Virgil was away with some tourists for the night and wouldn't be back until the morning.
Pearl explained to Virginia that she had some very exciting news to relay and asked if she and Virgil could meet with her down in the cavity, and bring the Ten Ants as soon it was convenient.
'Sorry Pearl', Virginia explained. 'It will have to be Thursday morning, we are quite busy with bookings from the Fright Centre today and tomorrow, would that be alright, Thursday, say 10.00a.m.?'
'That will be fine Virginia', said Pearl. 'Louie and Lulu can get the Ten Ants to be at your place at about 9.45a.m. Let's make it that we meet on the top of the turret-like house down in Blu....'. Pearl nearly said Bluefoundland! She corrected herself just in time to say 'ah er the cavity'.
'Excellent', Virginia responded. 'Just one thing Pearl, Virgil has found something interesting. He was going to give you a call as soon as he was free. Apparently there has been a rock fall in the cave that goes in from just above the sea. He couldn't get through to the large chamber where we all stayed. Virgil was saying that it has completely blocked access'. 
'Really', said Pearl trying her best to sound surprised. 'That's interesting Virginia. There will be plenty to talk about on Thursday'.
Pearl finished talking to Virginia, hung up, and then addressed Louie and Lulu. 'You two no doubt heard all that, gosh I nearly said Bluefoundland. Virgil has seen the "rock-fall" in the tunnel leading to the diversion chamber, that is, the "rock-fall" we all created with your clever thinking Louie. This is good in some ways because if he goes in at the top of Chamberland Park and discovers water is flowing through, there is now a good explanation as to why it has occurred. Additionally if Virgil does discover the water, there will be even more reason to call the cavity Bluefoundland!
'Well that's settled. Seeing we are not meeting with Virgil until Thursday, let's order an early lunch, we can relax while I tell you all about what I found earlier this morning and the reason I became so worried. Believe me it is so good to be back!'
One of the friendly person-birds that waited on the tables at the Nest Cafe came over and took their order. The three decided that a red wine would be appropriate and ordered this together with a special salad made using watercress from the stream. This special salad had a poached spider egg on top and was dressed with a dandelion milk, and honey-vinegar, salad dressing. Because this special salad required some of the Nest Cafe staff to go and actually seize some of the watercress from the stream (as it floated past) this special salad was known as a Seizer Salad! Hmmm - interesting.
While sipping their red wine, Pearl started to tell all about what she had experienced.

Louie the Bee - Chapter 12
The Insects Stumble Upon Their Origins.

'When I left you two', Pearl commenced. 'And I went through the quartz down in Bluefoundland; it really was quite a shock initially. I didn't "come out" anywhere as we do when we emerge at the bank in the village. I ended up in a magnificent "Stone Room" which I can only describe to be something like an Egyptian tomb, except there were no mummified bodies or anything like that, it was completely empty. 
'This "Stone Room", for want of a better name, is cube in shape and huge. To give you an idea, the height and width were about half the height and a quarter of the width of the Bluefoundland cavity - truly very large. The four walls were of smooth pink granite blocks, perfectly fitted together on top of one another. The walls towered up from a floor of crystal quartz. The whole of the floor glowed a soft electric blue; it was frightening - yet beautiful in its simplicity. Amazingly, exactly in the centre of the quartz floor was a sculptured limestone column, it extended up to about half the height of the walls. On top of the column was a huge quartz crystal, twice the size of the largest we have seen in Bluefoundland. I knew immediately from what I was seeing, that the insects who had previously lived down in Bluefoundland would have had access to this Stone Room. Somehow they must have been conditioned (as has happened with us) to be able to go through the quartz. How they had managed to get a glowing crystal in there we may never know - however it does seem to confirm what you were surmising the other day Lulu, that the previous insects had the ability to transform to the blue nymph form (or something similar) and this is how they would have placed the limestone blocks at the centre of the dam.
'I digress. High above me up on the ceiling were some beautiful ancient paintings in predominantly azure blue, with abstract figures of humans and animals, coloured in yellows and browns. In the centre of the ceiling there was the image of a most unusual creature, the like of which I have never seen before. This creature, or "being", had large soft purple eyes that seemed to be watching me. The eyes appeared to be moist with tears, yet really it was only a painting! This thing or whatever it was; was similar in form to how we are as insects. It had a head, thorax and abdomen. Even though it was a painting, no matter where I was in the Stone Room the eyes were looking straight at me. They were sad eyes as though almost pleading for help. I half expected the creature to start talking to me, it looked so real, or maybe surreal would be a better word! 
'I looked around me to see if there were any exits, it was really scary, there were none, the room appeared to be totally sealed, I really did have no idea how I could get out!
'High up; each of the walls was numbered. They were numbered in a fashion similar to the numbers on the doors of the homes along the wall of Bluefoundland; that is with a series of vertical "V" recessed strokes. The difference here though was that the numbers were huge. Wall number one had just one vertical stroke, wall number two had two vertical strokes, three had three and four had four. I remember from the library that this was exactly how the ancient Egyptians numbered things. I think, although I can't be sure, that up to the number five the Egyptians used vertical strokes, same as the number of fingers on a hand. 
'Around the base of the granite walls, to a height about a quarter of the way up, were thousands of what appeared to be white, square ceramic tiles. They were fitted close together so none of the pink granite beneath was visible. In size, I suppose these tiles were about the length of ten bumblebees across (Pearl smiled at Louie), and had brightly coloured hieroglyphs emblazoned on the surface. These hieroglyphs didn't mean much in spite of what I had learnt in the library. Just above the bottom edge of each of the tiles were numbers in Egyptian. I have no idea what these numbers mean, no doubt we will learn in time. When I first arrived, I noticed one of the tiles on the wall in front of me was glowing a bright blue, similar in colour to the quartz of the floor. As you will learn when I tell you more, it was fortunate that I remembered roughly where this glowing tile was and which wall it was on. It was wall number two.
'As is the case when we go through the quartz and come out at the bank in the village, I had materialised into a blue nymph like humanoid form, and I had my beautiful blue wings. I flew up to the ceiling to see if there was any opening or way out, the eyes of the strange image followed me. No there was definitely no way out. Not being able to find any way out really terrified me; it was hard not to panic. I had to stay calm and think about what I was doing - otherwise, I knew it would be the end of me.
'Once back down on the floor again, I moved over to wall number three and again studied the hieroglyphs on the hundreds of tiles. No, as before, none of the symbols or the numbers really meant anything to me. Wall number one was a little different to the others. Here the tiles were green and there were thousands of them. They were about a third of the size of the white tiles on the other walls. These tiles represented just about every living creature I could think of, except for insects. There were humans, apes, birds - everything from elephants to mice, the whole range. Above the line of these thousands of small green tiles, there were three more tiles that stood alone; sinisterly alone. They were about twenty times bigger than the green tiles below them and they had no hieroglyphic symbols. These three tiles made me feel incredibly uneasy and initially I was reluctant to go near them. They weren't white or green like the other tiles but were of vivid bright colours that I have never seen before. Yet!! In my mind I had names for the colours. These colour names, and I will never forget them, were "Scarab", "Ka" and "Ankh". There must be something in our ancestry or even our genes that have programmed these colour names into my brain. I assume it will be the same with you two as well, you will look at them and just say, "That one is coloured Ka, Scarab or Ankh"'.
'Somehow I knew these tiles were important. The Ka coloured tile was many times brighter than the others, as though it was indicating that this mode (the Ka mode, whatever it was) had been selected. The Scarab coloured tile scared me a little - well I was scared anyway but this scared me even more. There were electric blue, lightening like, flashes emanating across the tile face at frequent intervals. These flashes crackled as though high voltages were present. I moved over to take a closer look. I reached out to touch it and almost died of fright. The strange creature painted on the ceiling screeched! - Oh my God! Yes screeched is the only word for it; it screeched some unintelligible words, presumably as a warning not to touch the tile. I was unable to move with terror. It was like a terrible nightmare.
Pearl paused for a moment and shivered involuntarily as she relived the terror of the moment, when the "thing" on the ceiling had screeched. She clasped her head in recalled disbelief momentarily. She then quickly gained composure and continued with the story. 'I forced myself to look up at the painting on the ceiling, not knowing what to expect. The face seemed to have a faint smile as though it was relieved I hadn't touched the tile. Oh believe me, I was so scared. 
'I had to do something so I flew back over to wall three. I looked at the range of tiles and reached and touched one of them, the creature painted on the ceiling didn't "screech" at me this time. The tile I touched glowed blue and within an instant I was gone. I came out in the blue nymph form from a quartz crystal wall, just as we do at the bank. It was at a place I have never seen or been to before. It was dark and there were stars overhead. As far as I could tell I had probably come out somewhere on the opposite side of the planet! 
'Again being absolutely terrified I didn't want to linger too long. The quartz I had come out of was just behind me. I flew back to it, it glowed blue and I was back through to the Stone Room from whence I had come. The tile I had originally touched, to go to this strange place, was still glowing blue.
'One by one I touched several of the tiles around the walls and I ended up in some really strange places. One was out the wall of a building in a large city, another was on a mountain side and I was surrounded by snow. I tried probably a dozen tiles in all, some I emerged at night, some day, some places it was dry and sunny; some places it was raining and cold. Because I didn't know what the hieroglyphs meant, I didn't know where I was going to end up. I presume the hieroglyphs on the tiles give some indication as to where one is going. It seems to be that there are possibly thousands of different quartz sites containing silicon 30 around the planet from which one can emerge. This could be extremely useful to us if we can just find out what all the hieroglyphics mean. 
'I was incredibly lucky in that with the last tile I touched, I ended up in a place that I immediately recognised. With this tile I came out of some quartz crystal that happens to be high up in the wall at Chamberland Park. Time was short; I knew I had to somehow get back to you two - to at least let you know I was still around. The half hour we had agreed on had passed and I guessed you would have been to the tunnel to look for me.
'I flew out of Chamberland Park via the tunnel down to the east and along the Mighty Saint Louie River (Pearl paused and smiled at Louie). It was interesting in that even though I was in the larger blue nymph form, there was plenty of room within the tunnel to fly above the water - we will have no difficulty as insects. I had clenched my fists and extended them out in front of me so that I could easily find my way in the dark. It was a few minutes later when I arrived alongside you two sitting waiting for me. 
'I wasn't quite sure what to expect when I saw you. Remember sometime ago when we were first learning about going through the quartz we couldn't recognise the Ten Ants as being the Ten Ants, we couldn't communicate with them. It was the same with the other members of our community or even Al Spider for that matter. I wasn't sure whether it would be the same with you two. However all was well. I presume because you have both been conditioned, we could communicate.
..........At this point the Seizer Salad arrived, beautifully prepared by Basil's Chef. - Yum!
'That's an interesting point', Louie commented as he slapped lashings of salad dressing on his salad. 'Hmmm, so while on the other side of the quartz we can actually communicate with insects who have been conditioned such as ourselves. That's something new we have learnt'.
'It's just as well in some ways Louie', Pearl said pensively. 'If we could communicate with non-conditioned insects, the non-conditioned members of our community would get to know about our special abilities and want to go through the quartz too'.
'Hmmm, right as usual', said Louie laughing.
Pearl continued with her story while they ate their salads. She was feeling better now that she was relaying the story to the others. The shock of what she had been through was behind her.
'After leaving you two I went back through the quartz in Bluefoundland to the Stone Room. The tile I had touched to go to Chamberland Park was still glowing blue. The awful thing that faced me now was to find the tile I needed to touch to go back to Bluefoundland - and of course the main thing I wanted was to return as a moth again. I knew roughly where the tile was and I knew it was on wall number two. But which one? I tried several tiles where I thought the correct one would be, but no, I kept on ending up in strange places and had to keep returning to try again. The feeling of panic was there again, I was just so afraid.
'I pulled myself together and thought about it. The tile to go back to Bluefoundland would most likely incorporate, along with other symbols, the Egyptian symbol for water.  After all, Bluefoundland is a unique place where there is water underground. I remembered from the library that the Egyptian symbol for water was a horizontal wavy line - like the rippled surface of water. The symbol for water was, apart from a few numbers, about the only symbol I could remember.
'I carefully scanned all the tiles in the area where I thought the correct one might be. There were several with the water symbol. It was difficult. Then I spotted one that had what looked like a symbol for hills or maybe land, with the symbol for water below it. I surmised that this could be a representation for Bluefoundland; that is water below land.
 'I made a mental note of where the tile was located, so that assuming I was right I could find it again. I nervously reached out and touched the tile, yes! The tile I had selected momentarily turned blue, and there I was back in the cave in Bluefoundland. But! Oh no! I was still in the state of being in the blue nymph form. Once again it was hard not to panic. I was beginning to think that maybe I was destined to be in the Blue Nymph form for the rest of my days! I turned around and went back through the quartz into the Stone Room once again. There had to be something, an option maybe, that I could select, to allow me to get back and emerge as a moth again.
'As I mentioned before, the Ka coloured tile was already selected. It had to be that selecting these tiles was something to do with how one emerged from the quartz. I tried touching and selecting the Ankh coloured tile. I glanced nervously up at the creature on the ceiling - all was well, there was no reaction. Yes, this tile now glowed brighter than the others. I then tried touching the tile I had previously used to get back into Bluefoundland. It worked! I was back out in Bluefoundland as a moth again - tremendously relieved, you just don't know how good it was to be back with you two! Just think, if I hadn't remembered which wall the tile to exit back to Bluefoundland was on, and I hadn't worked out that I needed to select the Ankh tile, I could have been in the Stone Room for hours and hours, even days,  trying out the hundreds of different tiles in vain. It was a close call'.
Louie and Lulu sat spell bound and said nothing for a moment when Pearl had finished. Louie reached out and clasped the arm of his Queen, and pronounced in a subdued voice. 'Gosh Pearl, we really are lucky to have you back again. Do you think it is safe to go back?'
Pearl without hesitation said. 'Yes I do Louie, the biggest danger I faced was not knowing what I was doing. I know now, and I have no qualms about taking you two through with me'.
Louie and Lulu were encouraged by what Pearl had said, it certainly seemed to be an exciting discovery and Louie wanted to know more. 'With the three selection tiles you have just described Pearl, does this mean? Maybe we have the choice to emerge at selected places, in the form we want to be, that is, either in the blue nymph state or as insects?'
'I didn't have time to try it Louie', said Pearl. 'But I believe that this is exactly what we can do. Now that I have got over the fear I felt this morning, believe it or not I am dying to go back again and try out just what you have said! I suggest we all go and try it tomorrow before we meet with Virgil and the others on Thursday'.
Yes it really was truly mind boggling what Pearl had just explained. The three had finished their salads and were now relaxing in silence while sipping some Nest Cafe Coffee. Louie was sitting looking out the window. He was looking down towards the stream below. He was deep in thought about what Pearl had told them, and in reality hardly noticed the stream. He sat absolutely still and said nothing. Lulu looked at Louie; he certainly seemed to be lost in incredibly deep thought.
'Louie', said Lulu. 'Are you alright?'
Louie didn't answer. He was so deep in thought he hadn't even heard Lulu. 
Pearl tried. She reached out and touched Louie. 'Louie, what is it?'
Louie returned to reality with a start and stopped staring out the window. 'Sorry you two, but I have just realised something absolutely incredible, it's mind boggling but it is staring us in the face!'
'What is it Louie you clever loveable bee?' said Pearl her eyes flashing in excited anticipation.
'Yes, what is it Louie?' said Lulu. 'Do tell us please!'
Louie paused for a moment and smiled at Lulu and Pearl. 'Let me just think a little bit more, just give me a moment while I finish my coffee then I will tell you what I believe. If it is true, it is absolutely - unbelievably - incredible!'
Louie went back to looking out of the window while he finished his coffee. Where Louie sat, the sun was streaming in. It was pleasant and warm. Lulu and Pearl sat in silence, waiting and wondering what was going on inside that amazing bumblebee brain of Louie's.
Finally Louie finished his coffee and uttered with some satisfaction 'Ahaaa, that was so delicious', He cleared his throat in an important bumblebee sort of manner, and then began with what he wanted to say.
'It's like this. Pearl you have taught Lulu and I so much. We have learnt an incredible amount in the village library thanks to your guidance and perseverance. I can't thank you enough for what you have done. I just can't believe how little I knew only a year or so ago. Now I have the ability to rationalise about all that I see goes on around me.
'Just a moment ago I was looking down at the stream. A year or two back I just took it for granted, it was just a "stream" it was just there. Now when I look I marvel at it. I think about where it has come from, I think of the Mellennium in it. It fascinates me that the water has originally evaporated from the sea, fallen as rain then flowed down as the stream to the sea. The cycle goes on and on, driven by energy from the sun, the same energy that provides the warmth I can feel sitting by the window here. The purifying action of this natural cycle provides us with clean water without which we would all die. I will never ever take things for granted again. Now I will always be questioning in my mind, how and why things work'.
Lulu moved closer to Louie and held his arm. 'Yes I am the same Louie, thanks to what you have taught us Pearl. It gives us both a feeling of security to be able to understand what goes on around us, there is always an excitement in finding out about things we don't understand'.
'You two are wonderful', said Pearl. 'You certainly are the ones to take over from me some day. Do go on Louie'.
'Thanks Pearl', Louie replied and then continued. 
'As part of being curious and questioning things, something I have read about in the library and found absolutely fascinating is the so called Egyptian pyramids. In particular I have been really interested in the mysteries of the Great Pyramid of Giza and the significance of the Sphinx. It is strange that we have suddenly found the remnants of an insect civilisation that has used the same hieroglyphics as the Egyptians did. This is what made me think deeply about what we have found - or rather what you have found Pearl; I believe it is incredibly significant. 
'In my opinion, humans have never been able to determine for absolute sure that the Egyptians even built the pyramids. Although humans seem to want to convince themselves that the Egyptians did all this amazing work, there is however compelling evidence to the contrary.
'Evidence I have seen, points to the Pyramids of Giza and the Sphinx being built well before the time of the Egyptians - as much as eight thousand or even maybe ten thousand years before. It is significant that the time when I believe the Pyramids at Giza were built, there were no civilised human beings on earth. In support of what I am saying, just think of this as one example. There are signs of water erosion all over the Sphinx. The last time that there was any water or significant rain in the area was some eight thousand years before the Egyptians arrived.
'I could probably go on for hours about evidence suggesting the Egyptians arrived after the Pyramids. So I will just cover a few of the more compelling pieces of information I have found.
'One is that the Egyptians always kept exact records about everything they ever did, every king they had, war they fought, structure they built but there are no records of them ever having built the pyramids.
'Another is that during the time of the Egyptians, the wheel hadn't yet been invented. How did they move these huge blocks of stone? There is some suggestion that tree trunks were used as rollers. With hundreds of thousands of stones weighing many tons to be moved, and allowing for the wearing down of the trunks, they would have needed at least half a million trees! The trouble with this theory is that the only trees in Egypt were a few date trees that they used as food supply. They would hardly have cut these down.
'To me the most fascinating pyramid is the Great Pyramid. Some estimates put it at consisting of something like two and a half million blocks of limestone rock, ranging in weight from something like two up to seventy tons. These blocks of limestone fit so precisely together that neither Tiger nor Lily, even though they are so small, would be able to sneak in between them! How did the Egyptians, who only had soft crude copper tools, cut these blocks so accurately? I don't believe they did. Parts of the Great Pyramid are also constructed of pink granite which is extremely hard. This material was used particularly for the internal walls of chambers and corridors. The difficulty of accurately cutting and shaping granite with soft copper tools, further adds to the unlikelihood of the Egyptians ever producing the necessary blocks of stone.
'Some say that the stones that make up the Great Pyramid were quarried over a twenty year period, some distance away up the Nile. As the theory goes, the quarried stones were then attached to barges or rafts of some kind and floated when water rose at the time when the Nile flooded each year. Simple! I really do wonder how humans think sometimes. My bumblebee brain is bad enough. Let's be realistic. If the Great Pyramid had been built in this fashion, and remembering that to lift and float the stones the Nile only floods once a year; to move the two and a half million stones over a twenty year period, the Egyptians would have had to have one hundred and twenty five thousand stones ready to float away every time the Nile flooded! Really! Apart from this, for three hundred and sixty five days of the year they would have had to quarry and make ready more that three hundred and forty perfectly shaped stones per day!
'Even if say the Egyptians did manage to quarry and assemble all these huge stones; to get the stones up on to the Great Pyramid they would have had to build a ramp bigger than the Pyramid itself! Hmmm, I don't really think so.  
'To top it all off, I have also read that humans in recent years have attempted to reproduce the Great Pyramid without success. If today's humans can't do it then certainly the Egyptians couldn't have!'
Louie paused for a moment, looked at the others, then said. 'How do you two feel about what I am saying?'
'Gosh Louie', said Pearl. 'I didn't know you knew all this, this is incredibly interesting, from what you say it really does appear unlikely that the Egyptians did build the Pyramids'. 
'I also believe you must be right Louie', said Lulu looking admiringly at her mate. 'I too have read some of what you have been saying. To me it would have been impossible for the Egyptians to have built the three main pyramids at Giza'.
'Right', said Louie. 'Now we are all agreed thus far, next I want to touch on some very strange and unusual aspects that relate to the Great Pyramid that point to an explanation I have.
'For one thing, archaeologists have never figured out for sure where the Egyptians came from. In some ways it was almost as though they appeared overnight. Together with this there are some very strange physical facts relating to the Great Pyramid.
'One, the Great Pyramid is aligned due north, and from what I have read it is the most accurately aligned structure in existence.
'Two, the Great Pyramid is located at the centre of the land mass of Earth with a latitude and longitude that are almost equal.
'Three, the perimeter of the base in measurements of the time, divided by one hundred is equal to three hundred and sixty five and a quarter, exactly the number of days in a year.
'Four, the height is pretty well exactly one billionth of the distance between the Sun and the Earth. 
'Five, the three main pyramids of Giza, align in position and size with Orion's belt in the constellation Orion - as it was about twelve to thirteen thousand years ago.
'Finally, the curvature designed into the faces of the Great Pyramid match exactly the radius of the Earth.
'There are other amazing mathematical relationships between the dimensions of the Great Pyramid and the size of the Earth Moon and Sun that I won't bother with now.
'In summary, what I see is that whoever built the Great Pyramid used a technology that even humans of today don't possess. Whoever built it also had some knowledge of the Earth because it was built in one of the few places that would support such a great weight. The builder also knew where the greatest land mass of the Earth was in both the North-South and East-West directions. Yes they knew the Earth well: the length of the year, the radius of curvature, the centre of the land mass, the distance from the sun.
'This is what I believe. The Great Pyramid (and associated Pyramids) were not created by creatures of this planet; the oddities I have just described would have been way beyond the comprehension of early civilisations. The Great Pyramid, and others in the Giza area, were created by beings that came from outside of Planet Earth. They came here to propagate life. What these creatures would have looked like, I believe is what you saw Pearl, on the ceiling of the Stone Room. From what you have said I am sure that the Stone Room is actually located somewhere within the Great Pyramid itself! The fact that you mentioned the walls of the Stone Room are made of pink granite, also seems to confirm it. It is well documented that pink granite was used for internal finishes in the Great Pyramid'. 
'Yes, Yes! Louie', said Pearl, her eyes alive and sparkling with interest. 'I am sure you are right. But how does it all relate to what we have found in Bluefoundland and the insects who used to live there?'
'Yes Pearl', Louie replied. 'This was the bit I was having difficulty with until it suddenly hit me while we were having lunch. It really is quite exciting putting all this together.
'As we have read in the library, approximately twelve to thirteen thousand years ago, a cosmic cataclysm occurred. It seems to be well documented by many different theorists. By all accounts it was probably a supernova explosion relatively close to Earth. Cosmic dust and other influences virtually wiped out all living creatures. The only creatures left would have been insects such as us. We could hide and protect ourselves underground and in rocky crevices. An important aspect to my theory that I will come to shortly, was that during this event, there was huge amounts of electromagnetic radiation passing through the Earth. In fact it was so severe it reversed the polarity of the Earth's magnetic field at that time!'
Louie was grinning from ear to ear with excitement at what he was expounding and what he was about to say. What he was saying had to be true. 
'With most creatures on Earth wiped out; later when effects of the cosmic cataclysm had passed, the planet would have presented itself as an unpopulated paradise, Earth was open to invasion from other galaxies. The Stone Room, I believe, was created by unknown creatures, or aliens for the want of a better word, for the very purpose of recreating life on Earth. The Stone Room was a place where transformations took place. That's what all the green tiles with images of different creatures that you saw Pearl, are for! It has to be, it can't be anything else.
'To protect the Stone Room, it was housed within what we now know as the Great Pyramid. This pyramid was built over a huge slab of crystal quartz extending deep into the Earth. The top of this slab forms the floor of the Stone Room. It would have to be quartz containing silicon 30 as you have previously determined Pearl. 
'From what we have found, and it was you Pearl who put the theory together, it seems that silicon 30 crystal quartz with the electrical forces that exist across the crystal faces when under pressure, is a catalyst for the creation of life itself, I remember you mentioned this after the first time you went through the quartz at the end of the tunnel. The aliens also knew this. Maybe the aliens even actually created the silicon 30 quartz that extends down under the Great Pyramid. It's beyond our comprehension but it is a possibility.  
'Whoever built the pyramids at Giza, for some reason disappeared before they got very far into the creation process. We will probably never know exactly why but I suspect that creatures created by the aliens to live on earth; died. Possibly there were many thousands of them that were lost, hence the sad looking creature painted on the ceiling of the Stone Room. It all fits into place! Remember, the creatures coming here may not have breathed oxygen as we do and there may have been problems surviving once transformed. It may not have been exactly for this reason and it is pure speculation on my part, but I bet it was something like this. 
'From what you described Pearl, the Scarab coloured tile, the one that was producing intermittent blue flashes, set the option for these creatures to become whatever creature they wanted to be, by then selecting one of the green tiles. The important point here is that the process would have been irreversible, and as I have just mentioned, possibly many members of the alien's society could have been irretrievably lost. 
'The aliens on their departure (or demise), left behind the Great Pyramid within which, locked away with no access to unconditioned creatures, was the Stone Room that you have been in Pearl. 
'Now this is the really exciting bit', said Louie hardly able to contain himself. 'I hope I haven't bored you too much with all this detail but it has been necessary for you to understand what I am going to say next'.
'Please do go on Louie', said Pearl. 'This is just incredible what you are saying'. Lulu was sitting on the edge of her seat staring at Louie in amazement.
'Once the aliens had departed, all that remained on the planet were insects like us. Now here is the important bit - a large proportion of the remaining insects would have been electromagnetically conditioned by the cosmic cataclysm - so they had the ability to go through quartz and be transformed just like we can! There would have been many insects who would have found, purely by chance, locations of quartz containing silicon 30 and ended up in the Stone Room. Subsequently through curiosity and experimentation some would have been genetically altered and then emerged as human beings. A significant number would have emerged in Egypt since this is how the aliens would have left it setup. They would have wanted those of their kind that had been "converted" to be close by. Hence with meddling by those early insects in converting themselves to the human form, the first Egyptians suddenly appeared. As I mentioned earlier, with all the books we have read, nobody can explain for sure where the Egyptians came from and why they appeared so suddenly'. 
'What happened then was the civilisation known as the Egyptians grew in number as they propagated amongst themselves. As for the insects, virtually none of them would have consumed Mellennium; hence the insects of the time wouldn't have lived much more than a year or so. With the rapid breeding cycle (no Mellennium and one generation only lasting a year) and the lack of any more cosmic phenomena; the ability for the insects to go through the quartz eventually disappeared, in other words the ability was bred out of them. However! A few, just a few of the original conditioned insects would have selected the tile to bring them out of the quartz here at Bluefoundland. Here they set up home. The consumption of Mellennium in the water allowed them to live a long time and they set up a thriving community. Of course with time they also discovered the property of Mellennium to make the crystals glow and allow them to do all the other things they did. The fact that they lived up to one hundred years also meant that generation turnover was slow and they would have continued to have the ability to go through the quartz for many, many years, unlike other insects of the world.
'Similar to what we have surmised about the placement of the limestone blocks in the middle of the dam, something I have wondered about relating to the original insects of Bluefoundland, was how did they place the large crystals up on top of some the stalagmites? These crystals are far too big for insects to lift. Of course now we know, the presence of a crystal in the Stone Room means that the original insects in Bluefoundland had the ability to go through the quartz, select the Ka tile, and come back into Bluefoundland in the blue nymph form. The crystals would have been flown up, placed on the stalagmites and mounted in position on a bed of thick, clay and cement mortar. It would have been a simple procedure to wet these crystals in the lake first, and then let them dry when in place. Once the crystals were emitting heat and light, the clay mortar supports would have hardened and secured the crystals as we see them now. It may not have been exactly like this but I bet it was something along these lines!'
'Louie', said Pearl quite stunned at what Louie had been saying. 'You really are truly amazing. I have no reason to doubt what you have said. I think this is fairly well exactly what has happened'. 
Lulu reached over and held Louie tightly; she looked into his wonderful big bumblebee eyes and said. 'Louie you wonderful loveable bee, you are so clever with what you have surmised, I am so proud of you'.
'Louie', said Pearl once more. 'There will naturally be a few things we will never understand fully. Do you have any idea why it was that when we first discovered this ability to go through the quartz at the end of the tunnel, we didn't come out in the Stone Room?'
'Yes, I have wondered about that', said Louie. 'What I believe is that many years ago - and I guess from what we know now that it was thousands of years ago, the quartz that goes from Bluefoundland up to the end of the tunnel actually went on up to the surface. When the bank in the village was built some years ago now, the top layer of the quartz was removed and used as the façade at the bank. 
'I believe the insects who once lived in Bluefoundland would have used the quartz as an access to the surface. What they would have done would be to select the Ankh coloured tile and leave it set as that, then all they had to do was fly into the quartz down in Bluefoundland, select the tile for the surface and fly out as an insect. When they were all gassed by the toxic gasses and steam coming down into Bluefoundland, some would have escaped by this means, they would have panicked and not waited around to select another destination; they wanted out! The system remained set to this option once the insects had either died or departed. Because the top of the quartz was later removed to the bank, this is where we come out. Going back the other way we come out where we originally entered. I am pretty sure that this is why'. 
'You really are amazing', said Lulu impressed once more by her clever Louie. 'I guess one of the white tiles in the Stone Room will be the one that originally took the insects to the surface as you described. Now we can select it to come out at the bank. It's just a matter of finding out which one it is. Doing some more research on the Egyptian hieroglyphics in the library, particularly if we go to the Big City, should help us with this. From what you say though Louie, maybe they shouldn't be called the Egyptian hieroglyphics anymore, they should be called the Alien hieroglyphics!' 
'You are so right my Lulu', said Louie smiling. 'We have so much to learn yet'.
'You know', said Pearl. 'I have just thought of something else relating to what you have said Louie. Remember when we first went through the quartz we found it odd that we couldn't see any of the streamside community, the Nest Cafe, the supermarket, the Hotel Babbelon - all those things. I explained it at the time as being possibly due to there being a slight difference in time. What I believe is that this slight difference in time was caused by us entering the quartz at the end of the tunnel, instead of down in Bluefoundland. In other words we have been taking a short-cut and arriving a few micro-seconds earlier than we should'. Pearl's mind was racing. She paused as if there was almost too much to try and comprehend.
'I bet', Pearl continued, 'When we find the tile that will bring us out at the bank, if we then fly over the stream, we will be able to see everything we couldn't see before! 
'Wow', said Louie smiling, while stretching and placing his hands behind his head. 'I bet you would be right Pearl'. 
It had been a long session of sitting and talking. By now it was late afternoon. Pearl suggested. 'Let's call it a day and we can all meet down at the quartz in Bluefoundland tomorrow. We can then find out more before we meet with the others on Thursday. Just think about it. With what we have discovered we can possibly go anywhere we like on the planet!'
'Lulu and I will have to go to the Factory for a couple of hours tomorrow', said Louie sounding slightly disappointed. 'We haven't been there for a few days now, because of what we have been doing. I don't like leaving all the work to Import; the Ten Ants are so good to us. Let's meet down in Bluefoundland at 11.00a.m. Pearl'.
'Done', said Pearl. 'It suits me if we meet later, I want to go through the quartz to the library and merge with someone to find out the significance of the colours "Scarab", "Ka" and "Ankh" that I (or rather we) have never seen before. 
The three stood up to leave. Before they left, Pearl moved over to the window and looked down at the stream. She beckoned Louie and Lulu to join her. 'Look at that down there', said Pearl looking at the stream where the supermarket, medical centre, the Fright Centre, Duck Paddle Cruises and the Hotel Babbelon were all busy and thriving. 'Two years ago it was just a stream. As you said before Louie, we didn't know where the stream came from or where it went; we just existed in a fool's paradise that could have been destroyed at any time. We were so naive. We thought Al Spider was the only threat. Now we truly know how to survive and shape our future. We know of our origins thanks to some cleverness on the part of a certain bee I know! Because of Virgil's curiosity to explore and you Louie discovering the quartz at the end of the tunnel, our future is assured'.
Pearl had one arm around Louie and the other around Lulu. Yes she was holding Prince Louie and Princess Lulu close to her. They were her two lieutenants whom she could totally depend on to look after the community should ever anything happen to her. The three watched the community below as they went about their daily business. The streamside community was oblivious to the three who were watching over them - the three who now knew so much and could do so much to protect them all. 
The three reflected for a minute or so more. It had been quite a day. Tomorrow was going to be very interesting when they would all go together, through the quartz down in Bluefoundland.

Louie the Bee - Chapter 13
Some Amazing Things Happen. Bluefoundland is Born.

The next morning (Wednesday) Louie, Lulu and Pearl met at 11.00a.m.at the edge of the lake down in Bluefoundland. Louie and Lulu had earlier advised the Ten Ants that on Thursday (tomorrow) they had something exciting to show them down in the cavity (again being careful not to say Bluefoundland!) and they were to be at Virgil's hangar at 9.45a.m. This had produced a great deal of excitement amongst the little creatures. 
On meeting down in Bluefoundland; Louie, Lulu and Pearl sat by the edge of the lake, and took in the magic of what surrounded them. It was warm and inviting. Initially Louie and Lulu were slightly apprehensive about going through the quartz. Pearl was giving them both some further reassurance that there was little to be worried about as long as they were careful. Also she would give them all the guidance they needed. Pearl's confidence was infectious and Louie and Lulu as a result felt more relaxed about what they were going to do.
While they were relaxing at the lake edge, Pearl went over what she had found out in the village library earlier that morning, about the colours, Scarab, Ka and Ankh.
'What I found', Pearl explained, 'Was that none of the three words relate to colours as far as the Egyptians were concerned. On this basis, to me it confirms that the three words were actually originally words of the Aliens that built the pyramids. I believe that the Aliens would have come from another solar system, a solar system where perhaps the light generated by another sun produced other colours that we have never seen. I have now seen three of them, maybe there are more. To me Louie, this is further evidence confirming what you have said. That is, the Great Pyramid and two others at Giza, were created by Aliens, and whoever they were, they came from way outside the solar system where we live.
'I am also sure Louie you were right in saying that the first Egyptians were created by "meddling insects" that had been conditioned by the cosmic cataclysm to allow them to go through the quartz. Incidentally Louie it was brilliant with what you came up with yesterday, just brilliant you clever bee. I have thought a lot about it overnight. I believe what you have deduced is absolutely correct!
'Thanks Pearl', said Louie smiling while looking down, hoping that his yellow stripes hadn't turned pink!
Pearl continued. 'In the process whereby the early Egyptians were created (by those meddling insects) the three words Scarab, Ka and Ankh, along with many other words, would have somehow been implanted in their genetics and memories. It would have been set up by the aliens so that all this happened at transformation time after selecting the Scarab tile. There are no direct translations but Scarab in Egyptian relates to manifestation and rebirth, Ka relates to a spiritual form and Ankh to life and nature. It all seems to tie up and make sense. If the Scarab coloured tile is selected there is an irreversible rebirth to another form. If the Ka coloured tile is selected there is a change to a spiritual abstraction, we of course know it as the blue nymph form. If the Ankh coloured tile is selected there is a reversion to a natural form - that is for us we revert back to the insect form. 
'A scary thing to think of is that if we now selected the Scarab tile and transferred to some location as the human form, the only communication we would have would be a set of strange words and hieroglyphics. I believe, after reflecting on what happened yesterday, that the creature in the painting on the ceiling of the Stone Room was warning me of this'. Pearl hesitated and shuddered involuntarily at the thought of it, she could have ended up in some strange place as a human with no ability to speak or communicate. It would have been the end of the wonderful life she knew with the insect community. 
Pearl continued. 'I wanted to mention what I have just said before we go through the quartz to give you two some degree of reassurance. I believe we have absolutely no danger as long as we don't select the Scarab tile. There is no danger about not getting back. I know which tile to select to come back into Bluefoundland. Selecting the Ankh tile will ensure we return as insects. You two will learn quickly about the correct tiles and can select them at your leisure.
'One thing, before we go through is that as a matter of safety I insist that we don't take pot luck in selecting tiles and try coming out at various destinations. It was foolish of me to do so yesterday, mind you I probably had no other alternative. I feel doing this is too risky; we have no idea where we may end up. What I intend to do sometime soon, is head to the library in the Big City where there is bound to be far more information. Once I know more I can do a USB transfer to you two. Knowing what the hieroglyphs on the tiles mean should tell us where we might end up. What we can do today though, just for the experience, is select the tile for the quartz up at Chamberland Park; I know exactly which one it is'.
Louie and Lulu felt much more relaxed and confident after what Pearl had said. They both thanked Pearl for her concern about their welfare.
'Right', said Pearl. 'Thanks for listening to me, time for some action, let's go and do it! Pearl took off and led the way. Louie and Lulu followed. 
For the shear pleasure of it, Pearl did a wide sweep across the lake, over the island and then on behind the stalagmite with the turret-like house. She flew low and fast, just above the surface of the pristine clear water. It was then across the dam, along the river then west into the cave where the quartz was. Once the three were inside the cave, the crystals along the floor glowed blue and lit the way to the solid crystal wall at the back.
Suddenly in front of them the quartz crystal wall lit up in a vertical sheet of electric blue, just as Louie and Lulu had seen when Pearl had been through the day before. Through they went, Pearl first then Louie and Lulu following side by side. When the insects had gone the blue light disappeared, the cave was black once more and the three were through to the Stone Room - the room with pink granite walls, deep within the Great Pyramid of Giza. 
Louie and Lulu couldn't speak for a moment. It was just as Pearl had described. The room was huge. Smooth pink granite walls towered above them. The blue light from the glowing quartz floor presented a vista that was coldly beautiful. In front of them was the sculptured limestone column with the glowing crystal at the top.
Pearl was the first to speak; there was surprise and shock in her voice. 'Look', she cried pointing above her. 'Look up at the ceiling. My god what has happened?'
Louie and Lulu looked up to where Pearl was indicating. Pearl was pointing to where the previous day she had seen the image of a creature that had screeched at her to warn her. This was the creature that had had purple eyes and followed her every movement. It was gone! In its place was the image of a huge beautiful moth with big flashing emerald green eyes. Yes it was a huge image of Pearl Baker-Moth herself!
Pearl was overcome. Louie and Lulu stood close beside her. 
'You know what this means', said Pearl. 'The aliens have gone. This is all ours! In my coming through here yesterday, the aliens, after waiting for thousands of years, must have realised that at last they could leave. They must have felt that what they had originally set up on Planet Earth was finally in safe hands. The sad creature up on the ceiling would have known that I meant no harm and there was a chance to finally go'.
'Look! Look!' said Lulu, the image is changing again. The three watched in awe as some of the abstract paintings of humans and animals faded and were being replaced by something else. Yes slowly but surely two images either side of Pearl were appearing. First there were two sets of beautiful big brown eyes; then slowly but surely into view came two roundish furry bodies with yellow and black stripes, then there were transparent wings, then legs - each with six of them! Hmmm - it was the images of two bees of the bumble variety. Yes! There it was, Louie on the right and Lulu on the left!
'Look at that', said Pearl in amazement. 'I don't know exactly what it all means but that is exactly how the moth and two bees look in the room where the insects died!
The three stood rooted to the spot, then Louie in a voice hushed in respect for what he was seeing said, 'Yes Pearl you are right - it is - it is all ours. We have replaced what was lost!'
'Look over there too', said Pearl turning pointing to the Scarab coloured tile on wall number one. 'The tile, it's fading, it's going, yes look it has gone, all the green tiles are going too - look at that!'
Pearl watched in amazement for a moment then continued. 'The aliens must feel that Planet Earth is populated enough, in fact it is overpopulated and they have removed the species creation option. Somehow they trust us to look after this facility and use it for the protection and betterment of the planet, yes - yes it is all ours, we must honour the trust with which we have been endowed'. 
The three looked at each other while they stood at the bottom of the Stone Room. With the blue glow emanating from the quartz crystal floor, their blue nymph like forms looked even more beautiful. It almost gave the effect with each of them of a phoenix rising from flames, except here the flames were blue.
'Follow me', said Pearl, with which she took off and flew up closer to the ceiling. Just as Pearl had found with the creature that had been on the ceiling before, the eyes of the moth and the two bees followed them. The creature that had been on the ceiling before had had a sad face; the two bees and the moth were smiling. Yes there was a good feeling.
'As you can see', said Pearl. 'The room is totally sealed there is no way in or out except by selecting a tile to exit. We can only exist in the Stone Room in the blue nymph form. Come with me down to the base of wall number one, tell me what the colours are of the two tiles that are left, now the Scarab one has gone'. 
Yes as Pearl had found for herself the previous day, Louie and Lulu immediately pronounced the colours of the two remaining tiles (colours which they had never seen before) to be Ka and Ankh. 
Pearl was excited and said. 'Let's try going to Chamberland Park and come out there as insects'.
'Yes please', said Louie and Lulu together. 
Pearl went over to wall number one and selected the Ankh coloured tile. Once selected it glowed brightly. Then she went over to wall number three where she remembered the location of the tile that would take them to Chamberland Park.
'You ready?' said Pearl
'Yes!' said Louie.
'Yes!' said Lulu.
'Right here goes', said Pearl and she reached out and touched the tile. For an instant the tile turned blue. Then within a flash the three emerged from an area of quartz crystal, high up the eastern wall of Chamberland Park.
The three, now as insects, immediately uttered a loud 'yippee!' and flew in wide descending circles down to the floor of the chamber. They alighted on the sand alongside the newly formed lake. It was good to be insects again and know that they were safe. Everything was as it had been some days earlier, the new waterfall was cascading down the western wall; masses of water was coming out from the tunnel leading to the diversion chamber. Correspondingly, massive quantities of water was flowing from the lake away down the tunnel to the east. High above them there were a few lazy clouds, drifting across and disappearing out the huge jagged hole behind the waterfall. The three were overwhelmed with what now belonged to them and the insect community. 
Louie, Lulu and Pearl sat on the sand for some time before speaking. They were thinking about what they had seen in the Stone Room and how the aliens had now apparently left everything to them. The three of them were somewhat emotionally drained!
Pearl, relaxing with her beautiful feathery green wings spread out across the sand, spoke first. 'I wonder why it was that the Aliens didn't leave at the time when the previous insects were here. After all we now know these insects were coming and going through the quartz, they managed to get a glowing crystal into the Stone Room. Hmmm, any ideas Louie or Lulu?'
There were a few minutes of silence, reflecting on what Pearl had just said. Then Louie spoke. 'I wonder if the previous insects lost their ability to go through the quartz after several generations, so the Aliens felt they couldn't depend on them to look after what they had left here on Earth'.
'It's possible Louie', said Pearl after some thought. 'The only thing though is that remember the previous insects had consumed Mellennium from the water, so generation turnover was extremely slow. I'm guessing, but I believe it would take a hundred generations or so, for the conditioning from the cosmic cataclysm to be "bred out". This could mean up to ten thousand years. As I say, it's possible Louie although I think unlikely'.
'I guess you are right Pearl', said Louie. 'There must be some reason'.
'You know what I think it was', said Lulu. 'The aliens, who built the pyramids, had an amazing knowledge of Planet Earth. They knew the distance from the sun, they knew where the centre of the landmass was, and they knew the exact curvature of the Earth. I believe they would have also known other things about the Earth such as where earthquakes and volcanic activity were likely to occur. I believe that the Aliens knew that the insects in Bluefoundland were going to be lost due to volcanic activity hence they didn't leave the Stone Room to them. They waited for thousands of years for another opportunity to come along. This opportunity was you arriving yesterday Pearl, and then Louie and I today.
'Gosh Lulu!' Pearl exclaimed. 'You and Louie are just too clever for me! I believe you would probably be right. Yes the Aliens did have an incredible knowledge of Planet Earth as you say. It would certainly be for some reason along the lines of what you have said, well done Lulu!'
'Another thing in relation to this theory Pearl', said Lulu. 'With the aliens now leaving all this to us they must feel that there is no imminent danger from any volcanic activity, otherwise they wouldn't have done so'.
'Yes Lulu', said Pearl. 'It just gets better and better doesn't it!'
The insects lay on the sand a little longer then Pearl made a suggestion. 'Let's fly up and go back to the Stone Room from the quartz here; then I will show you how to return out of the cave and back into Bluefoundland. You two lead the way this time and I will follow'.
It was back to the Stone Room as Pearl had suggested. Here Pearl showed Louie and Lulu the tile that would take them back to the cave in Bluefoundland, she then said. 'Right Prince Louie and Princess Lulu, take me back to Bluefoundland'.
Louie checked that the Ankh tile was selected so they would return as insects. Then Lulu touched the tile Pearl had shown them. Yes! They were back safely as insects flying out of the cave in Bluefoundland. They flew back over the dam and alighted by the edge of the lake.
'Well done you two', said Pearl. 'I suggest we call it a day and head to the Nest Cafe to celebrate. It's getting near lunch time again. Over lunch we can discuss meeting with Virgil, Virginia and the Ten Ants tomorrow. Let's go!'
####
The next morning, Thursday, Louie, Lulu and Pearl flew down to Bluefoundland and alighted on the turret-like house roof just before ten. Virgil, Virginia and the Ten Ants were due to arrive at 10.00a.m. With Louie, Lulu and Pearl there was a degree of excited nervousness in trying to anticipate the reaction of others on seeing the water now flowing through Bluefoundland. Unless Virgil or Virginia, or even the Ten Ants had inadvertently discovered the water, they would all still be under the impression that "the cavity" as they called it, was still a dry inhospitable place. 
While waiting, Pearl looked below her at the beautiful lake. She thought about how it would soon be that she would be occupying the turret-like house. The streamside community could live down here as and when they chose to, and she could watch over them. 
Pearl glanced at Louie and Lulu. They were doing the same as her, just sitting waiting, thinking about all the things that had happened while looking at the beautiful lake below them. Pearl thought how if it hadn't been for Louie's clever idea with the water, the ability to live in this paradise would have been lost. 
Virgil, Virginia and the Ten Ants duly arrived. They couldn't believe what they saw. The Ten Ants, all safely aboard Virgil, were absolutely silent (for a change!). Virgil was first to speak. 'Pearl, how on earth has this happened? It's an absolute miracle! It's phenomenal it's beautiful'.
Pearl asked that they all fly down to the lake edge so she could answer all the questions Virgil, Virginia and the Ten Ants might have. She also wanted to talk about and explain the important decisions she had made in relation to the future of the cavity and the insect community. 'Follow me', said Pearl, 'I will take you for a short tour'.
Pearl took off from the roof of the turret-like house and flew north across the dam. She then flew along the rapids of the river to just before the quarry. Here she did a wide turn and headed back to the south. It was then back across the dam where she landed outside the line of homes at the edge of the lake. Virgil, with the Ten Ants aboard followed Pearl and Virginia. Louie and Lulu were close behind. Louie and Lulu smiled to each other as they watched the Ten Ants excitedly pointing things out to each other. 
Once all together by the lake edge Pearl explained her theory of how the "rock fall" in the diversion chamber had diverted the water flow. Of course Virgil, as we know, had seen the "rock fall" for himself so what Pearl was saying seemed perfectly feasible. Pearl wished she could tell them exactly what had been done using Louie's clever idea, but in securing the future of the insect community, and the trust that had been placed with the three by the Aliens, it was just not appropriate, and maybe it never would be. Time would tell.
Exited and animated discussion followed about what had happened, and what they could do now that water was flowing through. The Ten Ants pleaded if they could go and look at the home they had seen on the previous occasion, the one with the twelve rooms.
'By all means', said Louie smiling, that home is yours, but first Pearl needs to address us all with some things she wants to say as our Queen. Then you can go'.
'Thanks Mr Louie', said Import. The Ten Ants sat around in a circle, sitting up expectantly like Jack Russell pups to listen to what Pearl had to say! 
Of course the first thing Pearl had to say was that the cavity was no longer to be known as the "cavity". Yes as had been agreed, in honour of the two dragonflies and their desire to explore, it was to be named Bluefoundland. A cheer went up from the Ten Ants. Virgil and Virginia were overcome with a severe case of bashfulness and were totally lost for words. Pearl also explained that after a suggestion by Louie it had been decreed that the stream up on the surface be now known as Surface Paradise. 
Pearl went on to explain how she had set up a system copied from the human world known as royalty and how it involved Louie and Lulu. She explained that she had done this to ensure the future welfare of the insect community and to protect the legacy of Bluefoundland itself that had been left by the insects who had died tragically many years before. 
Virgil, Virginia and the Ten Ants looked at their Queen with admiration as she explained the situation. Pearl's eyes flashed with authority in the light of the crystals. The insects knew they could trust their Queen implicitly.
Virgil and Virginia had of course both seen the moth and the two bees up in the room where the last of the previous insects had died. To the two dragonflies it was unquestionably appropriate that Pearl, Louie and Lulu be the leaders of the insect community. Yes, the moth and the two bees that had died many years ago were now reborn in the form of Louie, Lulu and Pearl. It all fitted into place.
Virginia was the first to speak. 'Pearl you wonderful moth, we will always support you in whatever you choose to do. We all respect you and love you as our Queen, please be with us for a long time'. 
'Hear, hear', said Virgil clapping in support of what Virginia had just said.
There were a few eyes moist with the emotion of the occasion. The Ten Ants clapped along with Virgil. The ants were overcome with the privilege of being present to hear what Pearl was announcing. I suppose in the lives of these special little creatures, it was a sort of "anty" climax. Hmmm! 
Pearl thanked all for their support. She moved on quickly before she was overcome with emotion herself.
'All of you present', Pearl went on to say, 'Have been very close to me over the last few years. You are just so very special to me. At the time of the Al Spider crisis, without consideration for your own safety, you played a part to save our community. What I would like you all to do, before I advise the rest of our community, is to select a home for yourselves. Virgil and Virginia there are premises down here that will be more than adequate for your air services operation.
'Later next week I will call a meeting of all our community members down here. Virgil and Virginia I will need your assistance to fly in non-flying members. Louie and Lulu I will need your help to allocate homes to those who want them. Ten Ants if you could assist in showing our community members around the homes that would be greatly appreciated.
'The way I see it is that we will still retain all we have by the stream up in Surface Paradise, but we now have the option to live down here in perfect safety as we see fit, particularly I would imagine during the long cold winter months. I will certainly be retaining my streetlight apartment as a summer residence.
'What I will do now is leave you all. I am heading back to my streetlight apartment; I want to plan what I do next. In the meantime, please select and setup the homes and facilities you want down here'.  
'Tomorrow', Pearl continued while smiling but pretending to be serious, 'Prince Louie and Princess Lulu could we meet in the turret-like house at 11.00a.m. I want to discuss plans I have, but more importantly I want to hang that picture of you Louie, the one that Tiger and Lily drew. It is the start of a new era!' - As indeed it was.

Louie the Bee - Chapter 14
Five Years On. Bluefoundland Thrives.

It is now five years later. We pause, reflect and go back on some of the phenomenal changes that have occurred down in Bluefoundland over this time.
All of the insects of the streamside community have taken up the opportunity to have "dual citizenship", that is they have a residence down in Bluefoundland as well as a "mainly for summer" residence up along Surface Paradise. 
The appearance of Bluefoundland has changed dramatically. Queen Pearl, Prince Louie and Princess Lulu have met at Pearl's place, the turret-like house, many times, over the preceding five years to formulate and agree on the direction the development of Bluefoundland should take. Yes getting water down there was only part of the exercise. When the insects took over it was still a very sparse environment and there was a lot of work to be done.
The community as a whole, under the guidance from their Queen Pearl Baker-Moth, had worked very hard to bring down seeds from Surface Paradise and sow them to make their underground home a beautiful place to live. Now there were ferns, flowers and young trees growing all around the lake and in front of the homes. Along the eastern side, where there had been flat areas of dry soil, there were now lush grassy fields with masses of wild daisies, bluebells, buttercups, dandelions and purple clover. Certain bees we know just loved it! 
Here there were also young Kauri trees that would eventually grow into a forest in years to come. Along the front of the homes, the residents had created their own little gardens with their favourite flowers and shrubs. Some even had miniature climbing roses, others jasmine. The air down in Bluefoundland was warm and inviting and carried the scent from the masses of flowers that were now growing.
Along the banks of the fast flowing rivers, (past the dam to the north and coming in from the south) seeds from native trees and ferns had been sown in abundance. These areas were beginning to look just like the bush along the stream up on the surface. One very special place was the island in the middle of the lake which now has a name that we will discuss shortly. Here many Kauri trees, ferns and flowers had been sown from seed. The island now had lush growth all over it. 
On the shore of the island, Basil and Sybil of the Nest Cafe had found what they felt to be an ideal spot to establish premises similar to the Nest Cafe. To this end Sparrow Construction with some assistance from White Ant Excavators had built an identical structure, it looked beautiful by the lake, it was a perfect setting.
Initially Basil and Sybil didn't know what to call the new cafe. They also had some difficulty finding suitable management and staff. They intended to keep both the Nest Cafe and the new cafe open all year round and couldn't be in both places at once.
As good fortune would have it, a family of Indian cotton aphids, the Singhs, had arrived desperate for work and a home. Apparently many of their relatives had died back in India, no not through homicide, genocide or suicide but insecticide! The family of seven (Mr and Mrs Singh and five children) were seeking their fortune elsewhere. Basil and Sybil needing someone to run the new cafe, took them in. 
It had all worked out well. The Singh family took up permanent residence on the island and lived in premises attached to the Cafe. Because the Singh family were cotton aphids it was decided by all concerned to call the new cafe the "Cotton Club". Yes! Can't you just picture it, what a romantic place, the Cotton Club, just back from the shoreline, surrounded by lush semi tropical growth. The island was warm from the heat of the glowing crystals, there was the heavy scent of flowers: jasmine, hibiscus, freesias, lilac, sweet peas, you name it, wafting through the air. What a paradise! 
The Bee Family (including Tiger and Lily if they had been good bees) and Pearl would meet at the Cotton Club in the evenings for a meal on frequent occasions. And yes believe it or not, from table twenty-seven Louie and Lulu could look back across the lake and see their home, reflected magically in the still mirror like surface.
The five Singh children were quite young cute little aphids. Everybody loved them and they were good friends of Tiger and Lily's. In spite of being young they were very musical and had set up a group of their own and played wonderful soft jazz music to customers in the evening. On occasions they would provide patrons with a bit of a Singh song and everybody would join in.
The Singh family had rather complicated and long Indian names, so to make things simpler, the parents were just simply referred to as Mr and Mrs Singh and the children were known as the Cotton Singhlets! Hmmm. Yes everyone was quite happy with this arrangement. 
At this point we haven't discussed the name of the island, so we will now reveal the result of a day spent some four and a half years ago when Louie, Lulu and Pearl had a meeting at the turret-like house and set about decreeing names for all the parts of Bluefoundland that needed naming.
Because we are no doubt wondering what the name of the island is; we will deal with this first. It was simple; a name had to be found to honour Lulu for the part she had played in the setting up of Bluefoundland. So the island was simply named Honourlulu Island, very romantic don't you think!
A further area to be named was where Duck Paddle Cruises had set up operations. It had been created at the lake edge in an extensive inlet just by the dam. A new wharf had been built by Sparrow Construction and there were "boatsheds" made especially for the ducks to sleep in at night. The inlet and the area needed a name and in honour of Pearl, the inlet was named Pearl Harbour! 
Just as a point of interest, the demand for Duck Paddle Cruise services down in Bluefoundland, was growing all the time. This meant that more ducks had to be employed and brought down from Surface Paradise. With the extra ducks, space in the "boatsheds" (where the ducks slept at night) was at a premium. This resulted in (as one can imagine) a lot of friendly "duck shoving" so that they could all be fitted in. Hmmm.
Anyway, while we are talking about the wharf at Pearl Harbour it should be mentioned that Sparrow Construction had also built another wharf over at Honourlulu Island - right outside the Cotton Club. Yes the residents of Bluefoundland could take a leisurely cruise over to Honourlulu Island for a meal anytime should they choose to do so.
Moving on with the naming of things, we remember up behind the homes, there is a stream flowing in a tunnel that carries water on down to the quarry and mica mine. This stream also supplies water to all the dwellings. In honour of the Ten Ants, who had been present during the discovery of Bluefoundland, this stream was now known as "Ten Ant Creek".
Another area to be named was the beach over the eastern side of the lake behind Honourlulu Island. Along this beach, the previous insects had mounted glowing crystals on clay pedestals, so now, as the previous insects had done, this was where the residents of Bluefoundland could sun bathe (maybe crystal bathe?) and laze around in the sand hills after a swim. 
In order for non flying insects to visit this delightful beach, it was necessary for them to make a booking with Virgil Blue Airlines at the Fright Centre, or alternatively take a trip with Duck Paddle Cruises. There was always a possibility of course that these non flying insects could miss the last flight or sailing back. On this basis it had been decided to get Sparrow Construction to construct some lightly built houses so that those who missed getting back could stay the night, what a good idea! For convenience, quite a number of these lightly built houses had been constructed, and set back just behind the beach in an area surrounded by ferns and flowers. Let's face it; because of the beauty of the location of these houses, many insects didn't want to go home anyway, who could blame them! On the basis that the beach was characterised by a large number of these "light houses" it was felt appropriate to name the beach simply Lighthouse Beach! Hmmm, good thinking Louie, Lulu and Pearl!
While we are talking about these "light houses", it maybe of interest that to keep them nice and clean and tidy, they were cleaned three times a week by a delightful little housefly of the name Harriet. Harriet was I suppose a sort of "lighthouse-keeper" although being small in stature she was possibly more of a "light-housekeeper"! Be that as it may, it was necessary to do this cleaning stuff, because frequently the likes of Bulldog Ants, from White Ant Excavators, would stay on occasions and forget to wipe their feet (amongst other things in the making of a bit of a mess department)!
Harriet lived with her husband a worker bee named Harvey. Harriet and Harvey had taken up residence in one of the homes along the lake front, and provided housekeeping and cleaning services for the community. Not only did they provide cleaning services for the residents of the homes but they also cleaned the premises at the White Ant Arcade, and did some cleaning work for Virgil and Virginia at their Bluefoundland hangar offices. 
You might wonder as to how a bee and a housefly could cope with all this work? Well they had a family of six teenage children to help them. Now you might wonder how could a bee and a fly have children? Hmmm. I guess we all learn something new everyday - the offspring from a fly and a bee is of course a "flee"! Yes Harriet and Harvey had six young flees to help them. Incidentally it is humans who spell "flee" incorrectly as "flea", not the insects. After all the insects are the ones who should know!   
Anyway, back to naming things, the river flowing away to the north from the dam also had to have a name. It was a difficult one. Louie, Lulu and Pearl decided that because it started at the dam and finished at the holes where it flowed out, they might as well just simply call it the Hole-Dam River. The fact that it was only half the damn river was irrelevant! 
Then there was the lake itself to be named together with the lake up at Chamberland Park. To make things easy, the lake at Chamberland Park was simply named Lake Chamberland. However it was felt that the newly formed lake in Bluefoundland was very special and required a special name. After a lot of discussion combined with extensive bumblebee and moth brainstorming, the name decided upon was Lake McFarland. After all it was Mr McFarland who allowed Louie and Lulu to operate their business in his shed; also he was the Mayor of the village and had the preservation of Surface Paradise in his heart. He was a good man.
The final thing the insects had wanted in the naming of things, was a name for the turret-like house where Pearl now resided, and where the three met for making decisions about the things relating to Bluefoundland. This had been a difficult one and for quite some time the turret-like house was referred to as just that. To sort it out once and for all, Pearl called a meeting with Louie and Lulu at the Royal Chamber. 
While sitting around the conference table all sorts of names had been proposed such as "Stalagmite House", "Baker-Moth Place", "The Palace", "Heavens Above", "The Elevation", "The White House" (because of the white limestone), "Pearl's Court" to name just a few. None of the names, they thought, seemed to be appropriate for what was in essence the very nerve centre of Bluefoundland. The three had been getting close to giving up on the matter and resorting to just calling it "Pearl's place" when Lulu came up with an idea. 
'Let's note some key words', said Lulu enthusiastically. 'Perhaps we can create an acronym that is catchy and easy to remember, in fact to kick things off I have listed some words and I have an idea'.
'Yes, good idea Lulu, let's hear what you have got', said Pearl relieved that Lulu might have an answer. 
'Thanks Pearl', said Lulu. 'The important words I have noted down are:
Happiness, to me this is a key one, this place where we sit right now is where the decisions made, must be to ensure the happiness of our community.
Action, it is where actions are implemented to ensure the safety and welfare of our community.
Caring, it's all about caring for the community. 
Knowledge, this is where the knowledge we have gained - in particular that from the village library - will be used for the betterment of our community. 
Information, it is where information is stored and preserved for successive Kings and Queens after we have all gone. 
Needs, recognising the needs of our community and acting accordingly, that is what we do.
Government, this is where Bluefoundland and Surface Paradise will be governed. The Community knows this and totally accepts it because of their respect for you Pearl.
Bluefoundland, after all this is where this is all located.
Unicentre, where we sit now will be the one unique centre where all governance is implemented. 
Management, various actions and decisions decided upon will be managed from here'.
Louie and Pearl sat and listened to what Lulu was saying and noted down the words that she had suggested, indeed they were an excellent selection of key words that formed the very core values that would be administered from the turret-like house.
Hmmm, yes, what an excellent selection of words but Louie and Pearl looked a little nonplussed at the resulting acronym - HACKING BUM! 
'What sort of name is that?' said Louie looking at Lulu in disbelief.
Lulu laughed and with a look of mischief said. 'You will have to guess what I am thinking of. What I have thought of; really is a good name, perhaps "think big" and look at the letters again. 
Louie looked again and mumbled to himself, 'Think big. Think big - how about AM BIG CHUNK?' said Louie still a little nonplussed and annoyed with himself that he obviously couldn't see what Lulu was thinking of.
Lulu couldn't stop laughing. 'No you loveable "big chunk", that's not it. You will have to try cooking up another name'.
Louie thought Lulu had said "cooking" as a clue and came up with "BAKING CHUM" and "MUCH BAKING" 
'No, no, no Louie' said Lulu now laughing uncontrollably. Pearl could see that Lulu was teasing Louie and sat back and smiled while suppressing an urge to burst out laughing herself. Poor Louie was taking this quite seriously and was not to be outdone by Lulu's obvious cleverness. His brow was furrowed in thought so that the bumblebee fur on his head stood up like hedgehog prickles.
Lulu brought herself back under control then said, 'I will give you another clue, it relates to royalty in the human world'.
Louie looked again at the letters and said. 'You are having me on Lulu. In saying "royalty" do you mean maybe "KING HAM CUB" or "KING BUM CHA"?'
Lulu and Pearl broke down with laughter, they couldn't control themselves anymore. Poor Louie's yellow stripes went pink with embarrassment.
Finally Lulu said, 'Oh I am so sorry Louie but you make me laugh so much sometimes you loveable bee. It's the name of a palace relating to royalty in the human world, we have read about it many times in the village library'. 
Louie finally had it, yes - BUCKINGHAM - Buckingham Palace! What a great name for the turret-like house. 
Lulu hugged Louie tightly to reassure him that he was a much loved bee and apologised profusely for teasing him. Yes what a great name Lulu had thought of. From that point in time, the turret-like house where Pearl lived was known as "Buckingham Palace"!
Moving on. With Pearl now residing at Buckingham Palace (apart from being back in her streetlight apartment over some of the summer months), where, you might well ask do Louie, Lulu and the other members of the Bee Family now live? 
A little less than five years earlier, Louie, Lulu and the two little bees had selected for themselves a delightful home from one of the hundreds along the limestone wall. It suited their needs admirably. Yes it was a ten roomed apartment, with six bedrooms. 
Rose of course had joined them and had her own room with an adjoining en-suite. Rose had never known such luxury and was completely overcome when Louie and Lulu had first shown her to her room. In fact when she first saw her room she sat on the bed and cried, totally overcome with what she now had! 
If we look from the lake back towards the front of the Bee's home; Rose's room is to the right and has a small window looking out over the lake. Next on the left is the lounge which has three wide windows and is an ideal place to relax in the evening. Further to the left, next to the lounge is the front door behind which is a hallway that extends to the rear of the home. 
The front entrance, believe it or not, is coloured black and yellow - a perfect match for the stripes of the four bees who happen to live behind the beautiful glazed ceramic door. The number on the Bee Household door is intriguing. Yes, this number consists of what looks like two horse shoes side by side with the open side down. Below are seven vertical strips. Hmmm, this was the number the Egyptians used for 27, Louie's favourite table number at the Nest Cafe! The fact that the number has two horseshoe "thingies" (as Lulu had described it) had been a critical issue in deciding to take this home. Louie and Lulu thought that it must be good luck for the number to be Louie's favourite number as well as having two horseshoe "thingies" in it! - Really!
We digress. To the left of the front door is Louie and Lulu's bedroom, complete with a large adjoining en-suite and with two windows looking out over the lake. Down the hallway behind the front door are the bedrooms that belong to Tiger and Lily, plus a guest room and the main bathroom. None of these rooms towards the rear have external windows, which as far as Tiger and Lily are concerned is probably just as well, because back at the time when the Bee Family first moved in, the little blighters tended to be a little untidy. It just wouldn't do for Prince Louie and Princess Lulu to be seen to have children with untidy bedrooms, now would it? Hmmm.
Adjoining the lounge in the Bee's home is the kitchen. This has all the mod-cons; a ceramic stove, hot and cold running water, a range hood with outside ventilation, drainage - all beautifully made out of ceramics by the insects who had departed so long ago. 
As had been the case with Rose, all the insects who had come down to setup home in Bluefoundland had been overwhelmed by what they saw. It was hard to believe that all they could see now belonged to them. They couldn't believe what their Queen, Pearl Baker-Moth had done for them. The community had been extremely supportive in Pearl's appointment of Louie and Lulu as her successors - should anything happen to her. Yes the two bees were a much loved Prince Louie and Princess Lulu and had the respect of the whole community.
It should be pointed out that royalty in the insect world was a little different to that of the human world. Here royalty mixed at all levels. There was no such thing as class distinction. Respect for royalty in the insect world was truly earned as we have learnt.
Next door to the Bee Household at number twenty eight, it had worked out that this was where the Ten Ants had taken up residence. It was very convenient to have the happy little creatures so close so that any issues relating to the Factory could be discussed. Tiger and Lily enjoyed the Ten Ant's company too. Incidentally the Factory, because it was mainly a summer operation was not duplicated down in Bluefoundland in the early years. If the Ten Ants happened to be in-residence down in Bluefoundland and the Factory was operating, Virgil or his wasps would fly the little creatures back and forth.
On the other side of the Bee's House, at number twenty six, the Bees were lucky to have Charlie Whitehead and his family. Charlie was the owner-operator of White Ant Excavators Ltd, the company that had done so much work in the past for the insect community, including the construction of the Reserve Bank. Charlie now had plenty of work in maintaining water supplies within homes, excavating pipe work through the limestone, and creating new premises as required. White Ant Excavators had also taken over the running of the ceramics factory, the mica mine and quarrying operations. Actually Louie, Lulu, Charlie and Pearl had some wonderful times getting the steam engine up and running again. It just shows what a versatile Queen Pearl was. 
Within the first year, a little under half of all homes were taken-up and occupied. This meant that there was still plenty of accommodation left to cater for the community as it grew in size for many years to come. 
There was a "retail centre" in the middle of all the homes where duplicates of facilities up in Surface Paradise had been created. White Ant Excavators had done a beautiful job of excavating a wide longish tunnel back into the limestone. Off to each side of this tunnel, premises were excavated for the supermarket, Doctor Sum Ting Wong's medical centre, Virgil's travel agent - the Fright Centre, the legal firm Moore Payper and Staff, the Post Office, amongst others. Suitably placed glowing crystals and newly created ceramic tile facades had provided a delightful shopping arcade for the community. Because the arcade had been built by White Ant Excavators, in honour of their splendid work, the arcade was named the White Ant Arcade. 
Oh and while we think of it. After a couple of years of occupation down in Bluefoundland, Louie had found it necessary to setup a Bluefoundland branch of the Reserve Bank. Louie had done this using trendy and modern looking premises in the White Ant Arcade. This service was particularly required for the likes of the employees of White Ant Excavators who were doing much work down in Bluefoundland and needed to be paid. There were of course others at the mica mine and the quarries that all needed to be paid for their work as well. Additionally there were the residents of Bluefoundland themselves who found it inconvenient to have to go up to Surface Paradise if ever they needed dollops and scents to pay for things. 
Yes over a period of five years, Bluefoundland had become a thriving community. The insects had learnt how to do everything the previous insects had done, such as create ceramics, windows, make cement and build new premises amongst other things. The cavity now known as Bluefoundland was as it had been when the previous insects had lived there, many thousands of years before. 
Virgil and Virginia had set up a hangar together with facilities for the wasps. This was in large excavated premises that they had found just where the line of homes ended to the south. They were very busy running flights between Bluefoundland and Surface Paradise - as well as providing transport services within Bluefoundland itself. 
The Chambermade hotel had been built in Chamberland Park; it was similar in size and construction to the Babbelon Hotel up in Surface Paradise. As with the Babbelon Hotel, Beehive Apartments had been engaged along with Sparrow Construction to put it all together. It was a beautiful place. 
Virgil and Virginia were frequently flying guests to and from the new hotel. They had a choice of two routes. If perhaps it was windy and raining up on the surface, they would stay underground and fly along the Mighty Saint Louie River. Alternatively if it was a fine day up on the surface, they would fly out the aperture at the top of Bluefoundland, along the stream of Surface Paradise and on to the top of the falls. From there it was in at the top of Chamberland Park and down through the clouds to the hotel below, what magic!
In the early days of setting up Bluefoundland, Virgil and Virginia had been of tremendous help to Louie with his idea to place glowing crystals all the way along the route to Chamberland Park. The powerful dragonflies could carry two suitably sized crystals at a time, strapped to their fuselages. Louie (sometimes with some help from Lulu too) flew with them and helped put the crystals in place on ledges along the rocky walls. The crystals were then wet with water from the river. Within minutes the crystals would be glowing.
With the newly placed crystals, the tunnel down from the east of Chamberland Park (where the Mighty Saint Louie River flowed) was clearly lit. With the masses of water flowing, the rapids glistened in the light. It was a breathtaking sight looking along the length of the tunnel. 
It should be noted that the placing of the crystals along the route to Chamberland Park could have been more easily done with Louie, Lulu and Pearl, going through the quartz and doing all this work while they were in the blue nymph form. However this was not appropriate as Virgil in particular, would have questioned the crystals suddenly appearing and it would have worried him. Louie, Lulu and Pearl didn't want any members of their community to ever feel worried or threatened.
Louie and Lulu had found something very useful in their home. Right at the back was a locked door to what appeared to be possibly a storage room. The two bees didn't think too much about it initially because they didn't have a key. They both thought it a little strange however that that this door should be locked when none of the other doors had keys. 
It was about six months after moving in, Louie found a key in the kitchen hidden on top of one of the ceramic cupboards; it was the key to this door. On opening the door, Louie found it wasn't a store room as first thought. It was more of a tunnel that extended some distance into the chalky limestone. At the end of the tunnel Louie had the shock of his life, the wall started to glow blue when he approached. Yes, the tunnel was access to another quartz crystal face. The previous insects had used it for access to the Stone Room. In the Stone Room Louie and Lulu had found a tile with the hieroglyphics for twenty-seven (same as their front door). In selecting this tile they came back into their own home again. An interesting point was that apart from the number twenty-seven there were tiles for all the other homes as well. This seemed to confirm that all of the original insects who lived down in Bluefoundland would have had the ability to go through the quartz. This fitted in with the theory that they had all been conditioned by the cosmic cataclysm many thousands of years ago.
The discovery of this access to the Stone Room in some ways was a relief for Louie, Lulu and Pearl. They had been concerned about possibly attracting unwanted attention when going through to the Stone Room from the cave where the crystals were. It was always possible other insects would notice that they were mysteriously disappearing! With what Louie and Lulu had found at the back of their home they could now go though the quartz without being noticed by others. This was the same for Pearl, all she had to do was fly down to number 27 and go through. Yes this was an incredibly useful find. 
BUT! And this was a big BUT! It had its drawbacks! There was the problem of two inquisitive little bees possibly finding the quartz at the back of this tunnel! They had both naturally been curious about the locked door anyway and were always asking 'wozzat?' 
Of course we remember that both Tiger and Lily had been conditioned by the streetlight of Pearl's apartment. They had stayed with Pearl for a night before they were delivered on that wonderful Christmas morning a few years back and were both quite capable of going through the quartz by themselves, oh dear!
Louie and Lulu were forced to make a major decision. After careful consideration and in agreement with Pearl, they took Tiger and Lily through the quartz to the Stone Room to show them and explain to them what it was all about. It was felt it was better to do this rather than have them accidentally find the quartz by themselves. It would have been terrible if Tiger and Lily had gone through the quartz to the Stone Room and had not been able to get back, they would have been terrified.
It all ended up well in that even though it was a little earlier than originally planned, Tiger and Lily were introduced to the quartz and quickly learnt about the dangers and accepted the proviso that they were never ever to go through on their own until sometime when they were older.
About this time, with further agreement from Pearl, Rose with her years of devotion to the Bee Family, was appointed and sworn in as a member of the "Royal Household". She was given a title and formally decreed to be known as Countess Rose. 
Rose of course was totally overcome with this honour bestowed upon her; there were more than a few tears of emotion at the time. She readily accepted, as part of the deal, to assume the responsibility of being the governess for the two small bees. Rose had also solemnly agreed that if ever something should happen to Louie and Lulu (before Tiger and Lily were of age) it would then be Rose's duty in the interim to be of direct assistance to Pearl.
Shortly after Rose was accepted to be a member of the Royal Family she was "conditioned" to have the ability to go through the quartz. This was done by taking her to Pearl's streetlight apartment when the streetlight was on. 
Once Rose had the ability to go through the quartz she could then take Tiger and Lily to the village library as part of their education - (and hers). Yes, over five years, Tiger and Lily had rapidly become mature and educated bees and they now even kept their bedrooms reasonably tidy!
It was a good feeling once Rose had the ability to go through the quartz. There were no secrets. If Louie, Lulu and Pearl had a job to do through the quartz they could all talk about it or even get Rose to come with them to assist. Rose was also of tremendous help in taking notes at meetings that were held up in Buckingham Palace. 
It was touched on previously. Pearl had some time ago, headed to the Big City Library and scanned all the information she could on Egyptian hieroglyphics, and what they meant. Back at this time, Pearl found her way to the City by flying (in the blue nymph form) and following the railway line from the village. The information Pearl had gleaned was then transferred to all other members of the "Royal Family" using USB connections. 
Armed with the information Pearl had found, together with a bit of trial and error and perseverance, they had managed to interpret what some of the hieroglyphs on the tiles meant. They now found that they could exit at the village bank as they had done previously from the end of Louie's tunnel. Also they could exit in the Big City and save having to fly there. There were other places around the planet that they could go to as well. However some of the hieroglyphics didn't mean anything and there were still many tiles that the insects didn't know where they would end up if they were selected - they just didn't relate to anything in the modern world. Additionally the tiles displayed Egyptian numbers that puzzled them and they hadn't yet managed to work out what they signified. At this time there were still a few things to be discovered in relation to the symbols on the tiles and what they meant. 
To gain an appreciation of what it was like living down in Bluefoundland we shall discuss the crystals for a moment. As Pearl had originally discovered, they dimmed as the sun set or rather as the Earth turned away from the sun every twenty-four hours. At night the crystals gave a light similar to that of the moon. Sometimes of an evening after tea, the Bee Family and Rose would sit in the lounge of their home and watch out across the lake as the crystals dimmed to a barely visible glow. Once it had become near dark, if they looked up to the ceiling of Bluefoundland they could see glow-worms dotted about, just as if there were stars in a black sky. 
In the early morning the reverse would happen. With the new day, the crystals would come to life and begin to glow brightly again. Once more Bluefoundland would be filled with warmth and light. It would become as bright as a sunny day up on the surface. As the crystals awakened in the early morning, so did the birds that also now lived down in Bluefoundland. There would always be a dawn chorus of thrushes, blackbirds and many other birds that had come to live down in this paradise.
Sometimes in the early morning, just as the crystals were awakening, Louie and Lulu would step outside their house and look across the lake. They would put an arm around one another and listen spellbound to the bird chorus while taking in the air laden with the scent of flowers. Sometimes they would hear the "quark, quark, quark" of the ducks down at Duck Paddle Cruises, getting ready for the new day. Then maybe there would be the hum of Virgil's wasps as they passed on their mail-run up to Surface Paradise. Above all this could be heard the soft "shshshsh" of the water flowing over the dam and away down the Hole-Dam River - it was truly, truly a magic place to be.
Just to top it off and convey another aspect of what it was like to be living down in Bluefoundland, we go back about three months. The Bee Family and Rose had taken the day off and had flown over to Lighthouse Beach to have a picnic. It was just after lunch, Louie and Lulu had been in for a swim and were relaxing on the sand in the heat of the crystals. Rose was relaxing in the shade of a fern frond reading a book on tips about how Ladybirds can attract Manbirds. Not that Rose, with all she had now, really wanted to find a Manbird, it was just some interesting reading while one was away for the day on a picnic.
Tiger and Lily had also just been in for a swim and decided that rather than lying on the beach to dry out, they would go off for a fly around. They had been gone about fifteen minutes when they flew back and landed beside their parents.
'Dad, Mum', said Tiger with a degree of excited urgency - remembering of course Tiger and Lily were both now very "grown up" nearly eight year olds! 'Come and have a look at something very special!'
'What is it son?' said Louie not feeling all that much inclined to move.
'Please, Mum, Dad', said Lily now chipping in, 'You must come and have a look, it will only take a few minutes'.
'Alright', said Louie and Lulu smiling, 'We'll come, will you be alright here Rose? We shouldn't be too long'.
'Yes', Rose replied, 'I am quite happy to stay here and read my book'.
Louie and Lulu put their sunglasses on and headed off with their children. Tiger led the way, up to the opening leading to the aperture that came out up on the surface some way behind the Nest Cafe. Tiger didn't fly out but alighted just inside on the edge of the aperture. His sister, Louie and Lulu alighted beside him. 
'Look at that', said Tiger. 'How's that as a sight for "sunburnt" eyes!'
Louie and Lulu removed their sunglasses; yes indeed it was an amazing sight. Season wise it was just approaching winter. Outside the aperture it was blowing a south-westerly gale, it was cold, there was torrential rain driving into the surrounding bush and trees. The trees were struggling to stay upright in the onslaught from the wind and rain. The Bees sat and marvelled at what they could see. What a contrast to the paradise they now had down in Bluefoundland.
'Oh thanks you two', said Lulu, 'I wouldn't have missed this for anything'.
'Me neither', said Louie.
The four bees flew back to Lighthouse Beach and rejoined Rose. They told her about what they had seen. Yes it was hard to believe that the weather was so bad up in Surface Paradise when it was so beautiful down in Bluefoundland.
The "Royal Family" swam and lay on the beach for the rest of the afternoon. At about 5.30p.m. the crystals were just starting to dim as evening was approaching. Louie lay on the beach and marvelled at what he saw. He looked to the south, back towards the Mighty Saint Louie River. In the distance he could just make out two small specs approaching. Yes it was Virgil and Virginia, returning from taking guests up to the Chambermade Hotel in Chamberland Park. He watched the two beautiful dragonflies approach, they were a minute or two away. Then he could hear them. As they came closer he heard them reduce power and commence their descent. They flew low over Lighthouse Beach directly above where Louie lay watching, what a magnificent sight. Turning away to the west they descended to just above the lake. Then after a wide sweep around Honourlulu Island, they disappeared from view to land at their hangar.
Lulu rolled over and held Louie tightly and said, 'Beautiful isn't it Louie. You did all this, if it wasn't for you with your idea about the water, none of this would have happened'.
Louie looked at Lulu and smiled, then gently kissed her.

Louie the Bee - Chapter 15
Time to Address Issues In The Human World.

As we know, the setting up of Bluefoundland had kept Louie, Lulu and Pearl (and many others) fully occupied for just over five years. A further year was taken to do some fine tuning and enjoy what had been created. The vegetation in Bluefoundland was now well and truly established, it looked incredibly beautiful. 
So after what had been six years, the insects felt their re-establishment work was well and truly done. The legacy that the previous insects had left had been honoured. It was now time to refocus on any threats that might have developed, or were developing in the human world. There was always that nagging need to try and prevent humans destroying the planet and keep an eye on what they were up to! Yes there was plenty to be done. 
In effect, Bluefoundland now formed a base, deep below the ground for the insects to take on the world and restore Planet Earth to how it should be. Not only had they been left a legacy by the insects who had occupied Bluefoundland thousands of years before, but somehow the three sensed that the aliens who created the Great Pyramid, had left in exchange for the powers of the Stone Room, a duty for the three to address what was wrong on Planet Earth.
It was one Monday in mid-winter. Pearl had called a meeting with Louie and Lulu at the Royal Chamber in Buckingham Palace. This was for the express purpose of addressing issues relating to the human world. It was midday, Louie and Lulu had arrived and were standing looking out the windows of the Royal Chamber while they waited for Pearl. The crystals below them were glowing full strength and had been since about 8.00a.m. Being winter this was normal for the crystals at this time of the year. The crystals would start to dim again at around 6.00p.m. In summer the crystals would awaken some three hours earlier and dim a similar period later.
The Royal Chamber was on the southern side of Buckingham Palace. From where Louie and Lulu stood looking out of the huge floor to ceiling windows, they could see the Cotton Club on Honourlulu Island below and away to the left in the distance. Virgil's wasps were flying back and forth carrying passengers to drop off and have lunch. Over to the right could be seen a duck from Duck Paddle Cruises, heading out from Pearl Harbour with more patrons onboard for the Cotton Club. The community below was busy and thriving. Earlier in the morning Louie and Lulu had flown up and taken a look out up on the surface. It was another day of strong southwest winds and driving rain. It was good to be safe and warm down in Bluefoundland. 
Just digressing for a moment, because of the bad weather up in Surface Paradise it had been unsuitable for Rose to take Tiger and Lily through the quartz to the village library for their lessons today. Instead she was teaching Tiger and Lily at home. Today they were doing geography and later in the afternoon Rose was going to take them to the Stone Room from whence they were going to have a look at a couple of places in the United States of America - and be back in time for tea - amazing! 
You might well ask how could Egyptian hieroglyphics display a name for the United States? After all, thousands of years ago the United States didn't exist! Finding such places from the tiles in the Stone Room, as we remember, baffled our intrepid team initially too. There were tiles with hieroglyphics that bore no relevance to any locations in the modern world. However it was Pearl who had only just recently made the discovery. The thousands of destination tiles in the Stone Room had been cleverly arranged in a sequence representing latitude and longitude. The Egyptian numbers on the tiles (which had been a mystery for some time) turned out to be for exactly this. All tiles clearly indicated latitude and longitude in degrees and minutes for a location where there was silicon 30 quartz to emerge from. It took a while to realise that the longitude references were east or west of the Great Pyramid and differed from modern longitude references by 31 degrees. Still, with a great deal of patience and persistence, our insects worked it out for themselves and they could generally go where they wanted to. It was a case of going to the village library to find the latitude and longitude reference for a place they wanted to go to, then finding the closest to it in the Stone Room. Not all places necessarily had silicon 30 quartz at the exact location required, so the nearest would be selected. Our intrepid team referred to this ordered system of latitude and longitude references on the tiles in the Stone Room, as the Great Pyramid System - or G.P.S. for short! Hmmm.
Back to the Royal Chamber where Louie and Lulu are standing waiting for Pearl. The Chamber interior is beautifully fitted out with ceramic tiles. This had of course been done by the previous insects. The work is very ornate and must have taken years. The general theme is azure blue walls with reds and yellows on the ceiling. Hanging from the ceiling and spaced suitably apart, are two huge magnificent crystal chandeliers. No, maybe not the type you might be thinking of. These chandeliers have many small glowing quartz crystals, mounted (equally spaced) on ornate, gold coloured, multi-tiered ceramic "wheels". There are six of these wheels for each chandelier, one above the other on the same vertical axis. The diameter of these chandeliers is about a quarter the width of the Royal Chamber. There are no water boxes on the chandeliers to turn the "lights" on or off, so light and heat is emitted twenty four hours a day. However it had been ingeniously arranged so that the "wheels" can be rotated individually, and thus move crystals on adjoining "wheels" closer together or further apart to adjust the level of light. A ceramic rod for reaching up and moving the wheels, hangs on the wall in a convenient position. For additional lighting, around the walls are mica water boxes with dual crystals, exactly the same as those found in the homes. These can be turned on or off for a required ambience. 
Positioned directly under the two chandeliers is a large conference or banquet table. This table had been made especially for Pearl over one winter some years earlier. Louie, the Ten Ants, together with some of the worker bees from the Factory and some Carpenter Ants from White Ant Excavators had combined their efforts to make the top of this royal table from Kauri. It was polished to a smooth rich reddish finish using beeswax and berry juices.
The Kauri for the top of the table had been obtained from a newly grown Bluefoundland tree that happened to be a little distance up behind Lighthouse Beach. The job of felling the Kauri tree and cutting it up took the Carpenter Ants several weeks. For convenience while they were doing this job they stayed overnight in several of the light houses on Lighthouse Beach. Then, each Thursday afternoon they would catch a Duck Paddle Cruise vessel back to pick up their pay from the Bluefoundland branch of the Reserve Bank. After being paid it was back to the Cotton Club to "blow" it all on a night out! Hmmm, nothing changes!!
When the Carpenter Ants had finished their job, Virgil then flew the expertly cut pieces of Kauri up to the Royal Chamber for Louie and the Ten Ants to assemble into the fine looking table it was. The legs of the table, as was the case with eleven accompanying chairs, had been made using fibregrass (fibregrass we remember is dried grass bonded with honeycomb cement that bees happen to make). The chairs and the table legs were light, modern and trendy.
At the head of the table is a twelfth chair where Pearl as Queen sits. This chair is also of a fibregrass construction and in reality looks more like a throne. It had been ornately decorated and covered with small soft "downy" duck feathers, kindly donated by Duck Paddle Cruises! The feathers had been dyed royal blue using a blueberry extract - blueberries were now growing prolifically along the eastern fields of Bluefoundland. Around the edges of the throne are attached large bright yellow beads of pollen - producing a very regal effect. At the pointed top of the high back of the throne there is mounted a glowing crystal. This crystal is a little different to others. When water from the lake had been dried onto the surface of the crystal so that Mellennium could do its job, concentrated red berry juice was mixed with the lake water. The result was a crystal that looked for all the world like a fiery glowing ruby; it was beautiful and befitted a Queen such as Pearl.
During the same winter period that the royal table had been made, the Ten Ants and worker bees with some help from some carpet beetles, got to work and carpeted the Royal Chamber. How you might well ask could such a job be done? Well it was like this. Growing in places along the edge of the lake down in Bluefoundland are bulrushes. Virgil and Virginia had collected soft brown tufts from the seed heads and flown them up to Buckingham Palace, heaps of them! Under the direction of Louie and with some assistance from the carpet beetles, the Ten Ants and the worker bees then set about adhering the tufts to the floor with a specially formulated bee's wax and bee's cement mixture. The resulting texture of the carpet replicated that of the soft lush pile of the bulrush seed heads. What these clever little creatures had produced was indeed a truly luxurious wall to wall carpet in the Royal Chamber. It was just as good as any Axminster carpet; in fact it could be defined as being a high quality Waxminster carpet!
Yes, just picture the Royal Chamber with the azure blue of the tiles covering the walls, the reds and yellows of the ceiling, the soft brown autumn tonings of the luxurious carpet, and the floor to ceiling windows looking out over Bluefoundland and Lake McFarland. To top it off there are the two ornate chandeliers and Pearl's magnificent throne. However we have forgotten to mention something very important! On the wall behind Pearl's throne is the "portrait" of Louie that had been drawn some years ago by two small bees on the lounge room wall of Louie and Lulu's house by the stream. Yes it was indeed a fine drawing of Louie and it was a comforting reminder of what had been achieved in the preceding six years. 
Enough about the Royal Chamber. Pearl had now joined Louie and Lulu and brought in some gum leaf tea along with some freshly made pollen biscuits. A delicious warm baking smell wafted through the Royal Chamber that made one Louie the Bee a trifle peckish. Although Pearl was Queen, she enjoyed and never tired of pottering around in her extensive palace kitchen using the new fangled crystal heated oven and cook top, what luxury! 
The three sat around the Royal conference table, Pearl opened the meeting; she sat in her regal chair at the head of the table. 'What I suggest team', said Pearl. 'Is that we discuss an idea I have, then let's fly down to the Cotton Club to have lunch. The weather is too bad to be going up to the Nest Cafe today'. 
Louie and Lulu agreed, Pearl continued. 'From what I can see, at this point in time, there aren't any immediate threats to us from activities in the human world. Mr McFarland as mayor of the village has been doing an excellent job of preserving the stream and surrounding area up in Surface Paradise. 
'What I feel is that after all the hard work we have done in getting Bluefoundland up and running it is high time we have some fun! Let's make a few humans who have made life miserable for others, pay for what they have done'.
'Yea!' said Louie, 'What do you suggest Pearl?'
'It has come to my attention that quite a number of elderly people, amongst others, have been swindled out of their life savings and some even of their homes by unscrupulous finance companies. I know this because quite a few have moved to take up residence in the village in rental accommodation. They have moved to the village because it is inexpensive and a relatively pleasant place to live, thanks to what we did with the council some years ago. The sad part is that quite a few of these unfortunate folk have been badly affected with health problems from the resulting stress of losing their life savings, some have even died, and from what I have seen in the news, some have committed suicide. It is a terrible state of affairs.
'That gives you both a general idea what I am talking about. What makes me really angry is that there is one particular fellow, a Mr Rubin Sole, yes one Mr R. Sole, who took money off these people and "spirited" away a large portion into numerous trust accounts. This fellow has used this money these poor people entrusted to his company, not only to build a multi million dollar mansion near the Big City, but also to have an extended holiday at a Pacific Island that is costing hundreds upon hundreds of thousands of dollars! Incidentally the mansion is now up for sale which suggests that Mr Sole probably intends to be away, living it up for some time. 
'All this is being blatantly flaunted in front of those he has taken the money from. Because this money is locked away in trust accounts, it appears that laws made to favour this type of behaviour allow this rooster to do what he has done with no possibility of retribution. These poor people can only sit back and watch their money being spent! Well I think we should do something to remedy the situation and help these poor victims. When we have finished I would like to think that as far as these unscrupulous finance companies are concerned there won't be another Sole around! This project is the very beginning for us to start putting things right in the human world. What do you think my Prince and Princess?'
Louie and Lulu agreed. The three continued discussing what they would do, until it was time to head to the Cotton Club for lunch. When it was time to head off for lunch, the three made their way from the Royal Chamber to the entrance, which was some distance along a beautiful grand hallway curving around to the right. 
Shortly we will learn more about the plan Pearl had in mind, however while our three are making their way to the entrance of Buckingham Palace, we will take the opportunity to have a look at the grand hallway for a moment, it's really worth it. 
The hallway extends all the way around inside Buckingham Palace and forms a complete circle. Buckingham Palace as we remember was round in the shape of a turret high up on a stalagmite. Off the hallway to the outermost side are rooms of various sizes that have large windows overlooking Bluefoundland. The rooms consist of numerous bedrooms for guests, lounges, the royal kitchen, Pearl's personal bedroom and en-suite, several bathrooms, entertainment room with bar facilities and a work area - yes it is fit for a Queen! 
The grand hallway is wide and the ceiling high. It is lit with numerous chandeliers around its entire length. The chandeliers are similar to those of the royal chamber. Along the outermost facing wall of the hallway are crystals in mica water boxes, spaced at suitable intervals. As in the Royal Chamber these can be "switched on" at night when the crystals in the chandeliers dim. The hallway being completely internal has no windows so the crystals glow and provide light all of the time. 
The innermost wall of the hallway is the actual surface of the stalagmite and has been retained in its original limestone form. This wall is smooth in texture and undulates in places - the undulations are possibly due the action of water many thousands of years ago. The limestone is white and has an almost crystalline texture that glistens in the light. Carved into the limestone wall at regular intervals are recesses in which the previous insects have placed the perfectly preserved remains of members of their community. At the front of these recesses, clear sheets of mica have been placed and framed with gold coloured, sculptured ceramic borders. It appears that perhaps these members had been famous or maybe they had made special contributions to the earlier insect community. There are all manner of insects that had been honoured by being placed here: bees, moths, ants, beetles and dragonflies to mention a few. There are hieroglyphs above all the displays. Pearl had not been able to find out what they meant, in spite of doing extensive research at the Big City library, whatever they were they had no relevance now.
The outermost wall of the hallway together with the ceiling has been decorated with brightly coloured ceramic panels, predominantly emerald greens and blues. The floor is of black ceramic tiles that have been grouted in white. The hallway, as is the case with all the rooms in Buckingham Palace, is trimmed with sculptured bright yellow ceramic, architraves, skirting and joint mouldings. The grand hallway is something breathtakingly special. Apart from the grand appearance, there are secrets from the past here. Some of these secrets may in time be revealed, others will never be known. It is a place that is warm from the crystals; it is a unique place, unseen and safe, deep below the surface of Planet Earth
At the very core of Buckingham Palace, excavated into the stalagmite itself, is a secure room with a single large emerald green ceramic door that opens from the grand hallway. The room is large and again lit with glowing crystals. Here the previous insects had kept things relating to the security and governance of their community. There are Egyptian hieroglyphics around the walls. As had been found with other hieroglyphics, many bore no relevance to now. This room is where Pearl keeps important documentation relating to her community. In particular Pearl had decided that information about the Stone Room, the properties of the quartz, the Mellennium, decreed lineage for Louie and Lulu - were to be kept here. Additionally there was the constitution for her and others to follow to protect and look after the community itself.
Well it is time to leave the grand hallway and all its glory. Louie, Lulu and Pearl are now outside the entrance to Buckingham Palace ready to head for the Cotton Club. They are standing on the landing deck and looking below at Bluefoundland, marvelling at what they can see. Yes after six years of hard work and devotion to the cause, Bluefoundland was up and running and thriving, it had been a job well done. It really was now time to have some fun and start shaping up the human world.
Pearl took off first, Louie and Lulu powered up their wings and launched forth off the landing deck and followed her. Louie glanced to his right at his Lulu. To Louie she was still the most beautiful bee in the world. Louie smiled to himself. 
Down below, Louie could see the homes along the base of the western wall. He could see their house and wondered if Rose, Tiger and Lily were still there or had they gone to the Stone Room and were perhaps now in the U.S.A. Louie wondered to himself what stories they might have when they returned in the evening for tea.
Pearl did a slow wide descending sweep to the east and headed in the direction of Honourlulu Island. As Louie and Lulu followed, Louie couldn't help but think what incredible magic it was to be flying in this huge underground cavity. Beneath him, he could see the crystal clear water of Lake McFarland. To his left, and above now, was Buckingham Palace in all its magnificence. He could make out the lights from the crystal chandeliers through the windows of the Royal Chamber. High above Louie were white stalactites of all shapes and sizes that hung down from the top of the cavity. The light shining up from the crystals atop the numerous stalagmites caused the stalactites to cast long shadows across the limestone ceiling - what an amazing place.
The Cotton Club on the shore of Honourlulu Island was coming up fast. Pearl Louie and Lulu, power off, glided in and landed on the landing deck right outside. Five excited little creatures rushed out to greet the royal trio. Yes it was the Cotton Singhlets. They were glad to see their Queen along with Prince Louie and Princess Lulu. Mr and Mrs Singh also came out and ushered the three guests to their table, yes you guessed it, table twenty-seven by the window!
The Cotton Club was busy today, especially with the weather up on the surface being bad - nobody was using the Nest Cafe; that was for sure. The Cotton Club was fitted out in natural unpolished timbers. Sparrow Construction and White Ant Excavators had done an excellent job. Lighting was subdued with the use of only one or two crystals. At night the crystals were turned off and beeswax candles were lit to retain a romantic ambience, just as it was up at the Nest Cafe. 
When the three arrived, the Cotton Club was buzzing with other patrons who had arrived for lunch. Many of them waved to Louie, Lulu and Pearl as they headed for their table.
Over lunch the three discussed their next move in relation to Pearl's idea. Pearl had done a lot of research on Rubin Sole and his company. She had spent several weeks merging with his employees at his Big City office and had obtained a complete list of those who had been swindled along with their bank account details. Pearl thought this to be a good idea just in case an opportunity arose to "spirit" some money back to the rightful owners. 
Pearl had hoped that she could have accessed trust accounts and just shifted money back to those who had been swindled. However it was found in order to do this it required that Rubin himself and the trustee be available to authorise such transactions. No it wasn't a simple job. It was a case of getting Louie and Lulu to accompany her and head off to this Pacific Island where our Mr Sole was staying and to see what could be done.
Pearl had found from newspapers in the village library, the resort location where Rubin Sole and his family were squandering money that rightfully belonged to others. It happened to be on the beautiful island of Ulaikitia. Ulaikitia was part of a group of Pacific islands situated in the tropical latitudes the northern hemisphere. The islands were known as the Hauaia group. Pearl had studied the island and drew a rough map for Louie and Lulu, showing the general outline and relief. Pearl pointed out where the Sole family (and a personal fitness trainer who had gone along for the ride) were staying. It was at a very expensive resort known as Haidawei; right by the sea to the south-west of the island. The area where the resort was located was in the lee of a very large extinct volcano by the name of Weiapai. Because of the location, the resort had an almost perfect climate with little rain, all year round. 
Weiapai reached an altitude of over ten thousand feet and on occasions had snow in the winter. It had been known for tourists, to snow ski and laze in the sun on the beach all in one day! Yes Ulaikitia was an amazing place.
The island had two extinct volcanoes; there was another smaller one to the west of Weiapai known as Anadawon. Between the two extinct volcanoes was an area of fertile flat land. Here sugar cane, coffee, mangoes, bananas, macadamia nuts and other tropical crops were grown in abundance. The area of flat land between the two extinct volcanoes was an ideal place for the airport - Ulandia, and the main town of Ubaihia. Pearl thought that the beautiful exotic names belonging to the area must have come from centuries ago, at the time when the islands were first discovered by early human civilisations. Hmmm I wonder?
Pearl had also read that the resort had its own private beach, golf course, helicopter service, together with large yachts (sailing and power) for hire, and offered the ultimate in food and luxury accommodation. It was very private with no access to the public which was just what our friend wanted. Rubin Sole, after what he had done to his victims, intended to stay for as long as needed for anger back at home to die down. As far as he was concerned it could be a year or more - or just as long as necessary. 
Pearl had also determined from maps in the village library, longitude and latitude references for the resort. Over lunch Louie converted these references to the "GPS" numbers so they could go and sort out a suitable tile in the Stone Room to pay Mr Sole a visit!
It was agreed that the next morning, Pearl would come down to the Bee's Home at 8.00a.m. and they would go through to the Stone Room from there. We remember that there was quartz access in the "store room" at the back of the Bee's Home. It was decided that it would be best to make an early start as there was a two hour time difference between Bluefoundland and Hauaia. Additionally, Hauaia was behind one day being across the International Date Line. Leaving at 8.00a.m. would mean arriving at the resort at about mid-morning on the previous day.
After lunch, Pearl headed back to Buckingham Palace. Louie and Lulu decided that seeing it was such a beautiful afternoon down in Bluefoundland (as it always was how else could it be!) they would head up the Mighty Saint Louie River and spend an hour or so at Chamberlain Park before returning home.
On the way they headed over to the eastern fields of Bluefoundland and sampled some delicious nectar from the purple clover that was growing there. The surrounding bush and grass were lush and green due mainly to water absorbed from little streams that fingered their way through lower lying furrows amongst the vegetation. These pretty little brooks and streams emanated from many springs that bubbled up from the limestone base where there were cavities beneath. These cavities were fed from the higher reaches of the Mighty Saint Louie River, water rose under pressure to the surface through small cracks and fissures.
In the heat and light of the crystals it was just like one of the wonderful summer's days the pair had spent together amongst the flowers alongside the stream up in Surface Paradise some years before. 
Before moving on from the fields of purple clover, Louie and Lulu landed and sat for a moment by a crystal clear brook that tinkled and bubbled as it found its way back to the river. They had alighted on a grassy bank. There was thick bush and a few cabbage trees behind them. On the other side of the brook it opened into a meadow of lush grass, interspersed with myriads of daisies, dandelions and buttercups. There were skylarks chattering high above, a thrush sang it's song and sparrows chattered in a nearby stand of young poplar trees. The beauty stunned Louie and Lulu as they looked at the surroundings and listened to the birds.
The pair didn't dwell long; they flew on up the river (the Mighty Saint Louie) to the tunnel and on to Chamberland Park. Here Louie and Lulu landed and relaxed outside the Chambermade Hotel in the shade of a fern - just up from the shores of Lake Chamberland. The pair sat close together on some outdoor ferniture and had afternoon tea. Some strategically placed crystals made it warm and inviting. Up behind the Hotel, the water crashed down from the tunnel that came from the diversion chamber. In front of them the lake water rippled with the slight breeze coming up the tunnel from Bluefoundland. High above small puffy white clouds drifted across to disappear out the opening that was high up on the eastern wall of Chamberland Park. Louie and Lulu relaxed and reminisced about the amazing things that had happened over the past six years. They also talked excitedly about what they were now going to do tomorrow. 
Louie and Lulu stayed relaxing and talking, unaware of the time, until about a quarter to six. Where did the afternoon go? It was time to head home; Rose, Tiger and Lily would be due back from the U.S.A. and they would no doubt have some exciting things to talk about over tea. 
As Louie and Lulu got up to leave, the crystals were beginning to dim as the Earth rotated away from the sun. Flying back along the river to Bluefoundland in the dimming light reminded the pair of some wonderful early days in the months before they were married. It was just like flying along the stream in the twilight of a warm spring evening when they would head to the Nest Cafe for an evening meal. As they flew side by side the pair glanced at one another and smiled. They each knew what the other was thinking.

Louie the Bee - Chapter 16
Off to the Hauaia Islands for a Game of Golf.

 The next morning (Tuesday) the Bee Household was up early and having breakfast at 7.00a.m. Pearl was due to arrive just before 8.00a.m. The four bees had of course all brushed their bodies and washed their teeth and Rose had done the things that person-birds do. 
There was lively discussion about what Tiger, Lily and Rose had seen in the U.S.A. the previous day. Louie and Lulu talked about what they were now going to do with Pearl. 
Louie suggested that assuming the weather up in Surface Paradise was fine today that Tiger and Lily get as much done in the way of lessons in the village library as possible. Depending on what was found at Ulaikitia in the Hauaia Islands, it could be quite on the cards that Tiger, Lily and Rose be required for some assistance in the next few days.
'Yea!' said Tiger excited at the prospect. 'We'll help you Mum and Dad, we would love to come with you wouldn't we "Fluffypants"?
'Aw shutup Fuzzball!' retorted Lily, miffed at being called Fluffypants.
'Na - na - na na - na' replied Tiger who loved to tease his sister.
'Both of you!' said Lulu sternly, 'Stop calling each other names or you won't be coming to Ulaikitia with us. Tiger you started it, I don't want anymore of this nonsense'.
'Ok Mum', said Tiger with feigned meekness. 'Sorry Sis!'
Tiger got up from the table to get some more dandelion milk for his "Special Bee" cereal. While he was about it he gave his sister a friendly squeeze and she gave him a friendly smack. Both laughed. Lily started to say 'Silly old Fuzzba...'. when Lulu interrupted. 'For the last time, that will do Lily!!'
All was quiet for a moment apart from suppressed sniggers from Tiger and Lily. As we can see the Bee Household was just like any other! These two were getting on to be nine years old. What were they going to be like when they were teenagers, hmmm!
Incidentally, normally at the breakfast table things between Tiger and Lily would be reasonably quiet and amiable because they would have their Eyepods plugged into their eyes and ears. Yes FONY had just recently developed and released these new fangled devices whereby music, video and other "stuff" could be received in the visual and audible form via the smellular network. A broadcasting station and studios had been set-up on top of one of the stalagmites in order to provide good coverage throughout Bluefoundland. The station was simply called the Bluefoundland Broadcasting Centre, or the BBC for short. Tiger and Lily always listened to and watched BBC 3 which was very much into "limestone" music. "Limestone music" was a form of "soft rock".
The Eyepods were, all said and done, quite satisfactory for all concerned when sitting at the breakfast table. Tiger and Lily couldn't see or hear their parents so they didn't have to take a blind bit of notice of them and Louie and Lulu didn't have to put up with listening to so called "rubbish" that they didn't enjoy. There was however one little technical drawback with the Eyepods that FONY hadn't yet been able to address. It provided a few laughs on occasions. Tiger and Lily of course couldn't see what they were eating and had to constantly feel around to find it. If Louie was in a teasing mood he moved their breakfasts away or changed Tiger's for Lily's and vice versa! Such was life in the Royal Bee Household. 
Back to the breakfast table. Because Pearl was due to arrive at any time, and as a mark of respect, Tiger and Lily had been forbidden to wear their Eyepods at the breakfast table this morning. So after an extended period of silence accompanied by a frown on Louie's face, the tension of the moment when Tiger and Lily had been calling each other names, was broken by the arrival of Pearl. She was early; it was just after half past seven. Tiger and Lily were glad to see her and immediately welcomed her with hugs of affection. Everyone was glad to see Pearl. Louie and Lulu chorused, 'Come on in Pearl; would you like some breakfast, gum leaf tea, PG tips?'
'Morning all', said Pearl. 'Thanks, I have had breakfast but I would go another cup of gum leaf tea'.
Rose got up to make it. Louie interrupted. 'Sit down Rose, I will go and make it, grab a seat Pearl'.
'Thanks Louie', said Rose who was dying to talk to Pearl. She hadn't seen her for quite some time, with Pearl being busy with various Bluefoundland issues. Pearl hadn't seen Tiger and Lily for quite some time either and commented on how they were maturing and growing up.
Lulu laughed. 'I don't know about "maturing" Pearl!'
A happy twenty minutes was spent with Pearl then it was time for Louie, Lulu and Pearl to depart.
'Louie I have memorised the GPS numbers that you worked out to take with us', said Pearl. 'If we could do a USB transfer once we are in the Stone Room that would be great, just in case anything happens to me and you need to know them'.
It was then time to go. Lulu insisted that Tiger and Lily be good bees and asked Rose to ensure that they both made their beds and tidied their rooms. It was also a case of no Eyepods until work was done! They both gave their mother a big hug and sincerely promised that yes they would indeed be "good bees". Louie gave Tiger and Lily a hug too. He gave Tiger a wink which Lulu noticed. Louie almost got a slap from Lulu. They all laughed! 
Louie, Lulu and Pearl moved to the store room at the back of their home; then it was through the quartz to the Stone Room. They did the USB transfer bit so all had a copy of the GPS references in their brains and commenced a search through the tiles for numbers close to what they wanted. 
The trio found several locations quite close to that of the resort where our friend Rubin was staying. Lulu made a good suggestion. 'If we pick a silicon 30 quartz location that is some distance to the northeast of the resort we should come out high up on the slopes of Weiapai. It might be further away from where we want to go but it should be safer and in an unpopulated area. Another thing it will be high up and from there we can suss out the safest route and find the place we are looking for'.
'Good thinking Lulu', said Louie giving his favourite bee a squeeze. 
'I agree', said Pearl.
'Right', said Louie. 'The Ka tile is selected so we will come out in the nymph form, you do the honours Pearl and select the tile with the GPS reference. Pearl did. The tile glowed blue for an instant, then they were gone.
The three emerged from a slab of silicon 30 quartz about eight thousand feet up on a sparse dry area of the extinct volcano, Weiapai. Just above and behind them, were a visitor's centre and a car park. In front - what a beautiful scene! Away in the distance, thousands of feet below to the southwest and about twenty kilometres away, they could see the coast and the sparkling blue of the Pacific Ocean. The sky was vivid blue with a few puffy white cumulous clouds dotted about. It was easy to pick up the area where the resort should be. Right along the coast was a green belt extending perhaps a kilometre back from the shore. Here there were hotels, golf courses, palm trees and the thin lines of golden sand beaches. A playground for the wealthy! 
Between where the three stood and the coast, was mainly sparse dry scrubby vegetation and rock. Down on the flat there were a few areas of green where sugar cane and other tropical crops grew. Water was obviously available for irrigation in these places. Away in the distance to the north they could see the coast of the other side of the island, here it was greener. Aircraft could be seen as small dots lazily coming and going from the Ulandia Airport.
Where the three had emerged was the lee side of Weiapai. Most of the rain from the northeast trades dropped on the other side of the mountain so that here it was mostly fine and sunny all year round. Almost as good as Bluefoundland!
Pearl scanned the coastline in the distance. She could remember from the village library roughly where the Haidawei Resort should be and what it looked like. She knew from where she was looking that there should be a marina to the left and a golf course to the right. Additionally it was the most expensive and largest resort in the area so it shouldn't be too hard to identify. Within moments Pearl had spotted what she was looking for and pointed it out to Louie and Lulu. The main point of recognition was the marina enclosed to the right of a rocky peninsula extending some distance out from the coast. From the end of the rocky peninsular (extending at right angles to the north) could be seen the thin line of a breakwater. This provided shelter from the open sea for both the marina and the resort beach. The resort buildings could be seen quite clearly to the right of the marina then further to the right was the golf course. As far as Pearl was concerned, this was the place they were looking for.
While the three stood and looked, Pearl smiled to herself for a moment and thought. "Mr R. Sole, you don't know what lies in wait for you up in 'them thar hills' behind you. Your life of greed and corruption is about to change!" 
Louie looked up behind at the visitors centre. There were a few people standing looking at the view. 'It's good we have come out here', said Louie, 'The visitors centre is an excellent reference for us to find our way back. This place is a good choice of yours Lulu'. 
'Yes it is a good place', said Pearl. 'Well done Lulu. Well you two, let's go and check out the Haidawei Resort!'
Pearl took off first then Louie and Lulu flew in alongside. Flying at speed, the three large blue nymph shaped forms rapidly closed in on the resort. Down they went from the steep sparsely vegetated heights of Weiapai. Occasionally there was a gentle buffeting from thermals rising off the hot dry land below. The resort was reached within minutes. They circled overhead then landed by one of two large swimming pools. There were lots of people lying in the sun on deck chairs, sipping drinks. The drinks had little umbrellas stuck in them. The three thought this to be quite strange when there was absolutely no sign of rain around. Maybe it was to keep the sun off the little drinkies, who knows! 
Of course the people lying around the pool couldn't see the blue nymph shaped forms that stood watching them. They wouldn't be able to hear them either, as long as the three were careful how they used their wings, and ensured they talked quietly out of earshot. Pearl knew exactly what Rubin Sole looked like from the press releases she had seen in the village library. He wasn't at either of the pools.
'He's not here', said Pearl whispering. 'Let's fly around and I will see if I can pick him out anywhere else'.
While the three searched for Rubin Sole they took the opportunity to have a look at the resort. It certainly was a beautiful place. Most of the accommodation (very large and expensive single level condominiums) opened straight out onto an immaculately manicured lawn, about which were dotted numerous coconut palms. There were brightly coloured hibiscus and other tropical flowers growing everywhere, the air was filled with a multitude of tropical fragrances. The lawn extended a short distance to the soft golden sand of a beach that ran steeply down to the water's edge. There were small waves swishing in at regular intervals and crinkling a short way up the sand. The water of the sea was crystal clear. Occasionally, small brightly coloured fish could be seen swimming below the surface. Yes here was a paradise with its own micro climate of unlimited sunny days and soft warm tropical breezes. It was an oasis of tropical grandeur nestled between the cobalt blue of the Pacific and the dry harshness of the slopes of Weiapai.
At the southern end of the beach was the marina that Pearl had seen from where they had emerged up on Weiapai. There were numerous expensive looking boats berthed alongside - sailing craft, large powerful cruisers, motor yachts and smaller fast runabouts. All of these craft were for the exclusive use of the guests at the resort. Some of the berths were empty; some guests would have headed off for the day or to stay a night or two at nearby islands. 
Onshore, immediately behind the marina were a helipad and a hangar for three helicopters. These were for the exclusive use of the guests for arrivals and departures as well as flying to other islands or wherever they may wish. Yes it was luxury at its finest. Pearl thought angrily to herself how their good friend Mr R. Sole must be squandering heaps of money that rightfully belonged to others. 
Rubin Sole was eventually found on the resort golf course with three golfing partners. The golf course was certainly a beautiful place to be. It was set on land that sloped gently down to the edge of the sea. There were dramatic vistas of the Pacific Ocean that could be seen across tropical vegetation lining the immaculate fairways and greens. There was a warm tropical breeze that drifted down from the northeast, just enough to move the pin flags in a lazy floppy motion. 
Rubin and his mates were getting ready to tee off on hole number eight. Number eight was a par five of 460 yards with a large water hazard just before the green. There was a dog-leg to the right so there was an option to either hit across trees that lined the fairway, or play it safe and aim for the point where the fairway curved. Around the back of the green was a sand bunker, and beyond that again, the sea. This hole required some accuracy with approach shots.
Louie, Lulu and Pearl landed close by our golfers to watch. Pearl pointed out which one was Rubin. Actually Rubin Sole was quite a reasonable looking person. He wasn't overweight; he was quite tall and athletic. Outwardly he was a smooth operator with an infectious smile and he was clever with words. Inwardly he was a liar and a cheat; he was a professional "con" and had no conscience about exploiting others to fulfil his own greedy needs.
Rubin was working hard to use this opportunity to his best advantage. From his own selfish point of view he had to get these guys to invest money in his finance company to sustain the lifestyle he was accustomed to. He had hired the best of golf carts complete with a food and ice locker. There was plenty of ice cold beer, expensive bottles of champagne and food. There was caviar and fresh bread rolls for snacks. Yes Rubin kept his "friends" well oiled while he explained how and why nobody could go wrong investing in his company. According to Rubin, return rates of twelve percent were the best available and it was all as "safe as houses". Yes as far as Rubin was concerned with what he was offering, it was the old adage of "if you can find a better deal then I will better it". However it was also a case of "if it looks too good to be true then it probably was". Indeed deep down Rubin was a dirty player.
The three that Rubin was trying to impress were similar to Rubin in that they had made a great deal of money by exploiting others. However this was where the similarity ended. One was grossly overweight, it was unlikely he had seen his toes in a number of years and he had a face that was red enough to warm your hands on. "Big-Boy" (for want of a better name) was the epitome of high living and gross gluttony. He was no oil painting that was for sure. 
Another was also quite large and had to keep hitching up his trousers (as did Big-Boy). This character distinguished himself by the fact that he wouldn't stop talking. He kept rabbiting on about the suckers he had "ripped off", how he had got "wasted" the night before and in particular how he had won a "bundle" at the resort casino. Louie, Lulu and Pearl decided to call this guy "Motor-Mouth" - it suited him.
The third member of the team was lean and mean. He looked like a ferret and he wore a floppy sun hat. He smoked a cigar and didn't say much. "Weasel" was a suitable name for this guy our team thought.
Big-Boy was about to tee off when Pearl whispered. 'I am just going to merge with Rubin while he is waiting for Big-Boy to play. I will glean what information I can'.
In an instant Pearl had disappeared and merged with Rubin. It didn't take Pearl long to get the information she wanted and she was back. The three moved some distance away so they wouldn't be heard while Pearl explained what she had discovered. 
'That was worthwhile', said Pearl. 'These three with Rubin are potentially major investors in a new venture of his. By all accounts it appears what Rubin has done is set-up a Ponzi scheme in the guise of a "failsafe" investment company. He is in the process of "conning" the wealthy to invest with some intense wining, dining and entertainment accompanied by some straight out lies. 
'Apart from the three major investors Rubin has with him now, there are another fifty or so. These others are small "bikkies" by comparison; collectively they are due to invest around fifty million dollars; these three suckers are up for five hundred million each! Hence our friend Rubin is doing his very best to impress them the best he can.
'Rubin apparently had a presentation meeting with all of the investors yesterday in one of the conference rooms at the resort. They have been given a day to think about his proposal, then tomorrow (Wednesday) they are due back for the signing and transfer of money. Next Monday, to celebrate, and as a token of thanks to the investors, he is taking them out for the day on a wine and dine cruise aboard one of the resort vessels, they are supposed to be leaving at 10.00a.m. 
'It appears that deep down, Rubin is quite worried that money in his trust accounts at home is dwindling and it is a threat to the life style he and his family lead. It is essential to him that he gets these others to invest, in particular the three he has with him now'. 
'Apart from that', Pearl continued, 'I managed to find out the apartment number back at the resort where he is staying. He is here with his wife, two children and a personal fitness trainer. I have now got passwords to his computer and bank accounts locked in my brain, amongst other useful information. The four are just playing nine holes, then it's back for lunch around the pool.
'Oh another thing, on Friday afternoon, Rubin and his family are flying out by helicopter to spend two nights at one of the outlying islands, they will be back on Sunday afternoon. We need to keep this in mind, there maybe an opportunity here to do something with Rubin's finances, we will just have to wait and see. I didn't stay merged long enough to glean all the information I wanted. As and when the opportunity presents itself, I will try again later'.
Pearl reflected for a moment then said. 'What I suggest we do is have a little fun with Rubin today and get a feel for the overall situation. It will give us a better idea as to how we can restore justice to those he has ripped off and destroyed'. 
While Louie, Lulu and Pearl were talking, Big-Boy teed off and hit a good two hundred yard drive, straight down the fairway. The three silently closed back in on the golfers and observed for a few more minutes. What they couldn't understand was that all the gear they were using seemed to have the brand name "Farkin". This was quite apparent when Motor-Mouth was about to tee-off. With Motor-Mouth it was a little like having a radio on and listening to a one sided talk-back-show. He let the others know every move he was making. One would have to cover their ears not to know that he was teeing off with a Farkin number one wood, that the Farkin ball cost him fifty bucks, that in spite of paying fifty bucks the Farkin ball was useless as was the Farkin tee. To top it all off, he found he had chosen the wrong Farkin club and changed it to a Farkin three wood!
Before Motor-Mouth had teed off he explained endlessly to the others how many birdies he had hit together with eagles and albatrosses. Louie, Lulu and Pearl thought it a bit strange that the object of golf was apparently to hit poor little "birdies". Still it confirmed what the three had always thought; humans at times could be cruel creatures.
When Motor-Mouth finally teed off (this was after all the drivel he had been uttering about how good he was) he duffed the shot and sliced it to the right into the trees lining the fairway. Disappointed, he let the others know he was going to sit in the shade on the Farkin golf cart and have a Farkin beer! Hmmm.
After Motor-Mouth had duffed his shot it was Rubin's turn. Rubin, who was quite good at golf, had a handicap of one. He was quite pleased that Motor-Mouth had duffed his shot, it gave him a chance to quietly show how clever he was and gain the necessary respect for investment in his company. Oh yes it was all falling into place, or so he thought! 
As Rubin prepared for his shot, Louie whispered to the others. 'I read somewhere that when you play a shot in golf you are supposed to yell out "FORE". When Rubin reaches the top of his swing, let's yell out "FORE" as loud as we can!'
'Right', said Pearl and Lulu finding it difficult to suppress a laugh.
Rubin addressed the ball. He wriggled himself for a moment to relax and make himself comfortable. He tapped his beautiful custom made club, a number one wood, on the ground several times just behind the ball; then wriggled and adjusted himself again. Eyes firmly on the ball he swung the club back up high above his shoulders, then it was down and through with a magnificently controlled action to connect with the ......... At that precise moment (with a combined decibel level of probably 180) there was an almighty shout of 'FORE!!!!' from three mischievous invisible insects close by. Rubin's beautiful club hit the ground short of the ball and immediately took on the curved shape of a banana. Three thousand dollars worth of club, destroyed in an instant!
In fright, Weasel who was standing close by, "took off" to some distance away with a speed and similarity to that of "Road Runner" of Disney Cartoon fame. Big-Boy who wasn't capable of moving fast, unless it was to get a beer, stood rooted to the spot, his big flabby mouth hanging open in surprise. Motor-Mouth, who at the time was into the food locker on the golf cart, had swung around in surprise and knocked most of the beer and wine to the ground. 
Rubin stood motionless in a three stage recovery process. First, disbelief at what had happened to his precious club, secondly the reaction to the tingling pain that travelled up his arms from the shock of hitting the ground, then finally a slow turn to the others with the utterance of 'WHAT THE FARKIN..........'. Hmmm, yes that word again. Rubin stopped short of saying anymore when he saw Weasel returning sheepishly from some distance away. He could also see that Big-Boy had gone to assist Motor-Mouth at the back of the golf cart. These two were now both grovelling about on the ground putting a mixture of melting ice blocks, grass, dirt, sand and drink bottles back into the food locker. 
Rubin's demeanour changed from one of anger to one of nervous apprehension when he realised on looking around that none of the others would have yelled FORE. Who the hell had shouted out FORE? He couldn't see anybody else about, did he dream it? 
'Who yelled out FORE?' Rubin said to the others. The stock non committal "shrug of the shoulder" reply was, 'dunno! - wasn't us!'
Once the furore had died down and the important issue of sorting out the food locker had been addressed, the four gathered around the tee again for Rubin's second shot. Rubin was a little miffed at the laughter about the shape of his club; however he had to laugh along with the others and get on with it. 
Rubin, now down a shot after having missed the first tee-off, explained to the others how he was going to make it up by short-cutting the dog-leg and hitting across the trees. As Rubin explained it, he was going to do it with a number two wood, straight to the hole. A number two wood, according to Rubin, would provide the necessary elevation and distance to do the required job, no problem! Of course we remember that Rubin no longer had a number one wood so he had no alternative but to use a number two wood.
The fact that Rubin had said he was going to "do it" with a number two wood gave Louie an idea. 
"Watch this!' said Louie.
As Rubin was about to tee-off, Louie quickly moved forward, merged with Rubin and "took over". Louie (as Rubin) swung the club back in a beautifully executed fashion using the expert action of his host. Then it was down and follow through. Louie deliberately missed the ball and at the end of the swing let the club go - high up into the air it went. While the club was still flying through the air Louie quickly demerged, flew up, grabbed the club and flew off with it. Over the trees he went along the path the ball should have taken and dropped the club handle right in the hole. There it was sticking up, club head uppermost, in the hole right beside the pin! Yes Rubin had achieved a hole-in-one with a club! It would be the talking point at the resort for months to come, it might even hit the local newspapers it was so extraordinary! 
With the job done; for Louie it was then a quick flight back to rejoin Lulu and Pearl. Strangely enough he found them some distance away from our golfers! They had quickly moved away when they couldn't control their laughter at what Louie had done - naughty mischievous bee!
Meanwhile at the tee, Big-Boy, Weasel and Motor-Mouth were doubled up laughing at what Rubin had done. There was the ball sitting on the tee and the club had sailed away off down the fairway, across the trees to the right and disappeared in the direction of the green. Little did they know at this stage that the club was sitting in the hole!
'Ha' - h' - have you played this game before?' said Motor-Mouth, struggling to control his laughter and even say anything! Motor-Mouth had unfortunately, on seeing the club fly off in the direction of the green, involuntarily blown a mouthful of beer all over Rubin's golf bag and "remaining" clubs. Even Weasel was laughing uncontrollably. 
Big-Boy yelled, 'Do that one again!' as tears of mirth rolled down his face. He was shaking like a jelly with laughter. He had to go and sit down on the golf cart before he fell down, it was too much. He clasped his hands to his face and shook his head in disbelief.
Poor Rubin. Now he was two shots and two clubs down (most unusual!). His desire to impress was not being shown through his actions. He felt such an idiot. His face was red with embarrassment. He couldn't understand how it had happened. He pulled himself together; he dare not lose the plot and let these guys think he was an idiot. To make amends he tried to make a joke of it. He forced himself to laugh and responded to the others. 'Just joking, I'll show you how it is done properly!'
'Joking or otherwise', retorted Weasel. 'You are now two down, and this time hang on to the Farkin club!'
Rubin composed himself and pulled out the one remaining wood, a number three. It was hard to keep self control, especially now that the handle of this club was sticky from the beer that Motor-Mouth had blown all over it. Rubin carefully positioned himself. He did some deep breathing to bring back some confidence. Without any interference from certain invisible forms that watched close by, he made a splendid three hundred yard shot, straight down the fairway, he wasn't going to attempt to hit across the trees this time! The others cheered. Rubin felt a little better now, he knew that his shot should outperform those of the others. 
Finally Weasel got to tee off. Weasel was a cold calculating type and it reflected in his play. It wasn't a powerful shot that he had made, but it was accurate and safe. Rubin knew that he would have out-distanced that one and started to feel a little more relaxed.
The four golfers, having completed teeing off, moved over to the golf cart. Some more beer and food was consumed. The mood settled down to one of calm before they moved on. While the golfers sat and relaxed, Louie, Lulu and Pearl took off and flew down the fairway. Lulu had an idea. Yes she flew over and picked up Motor-Mouth's ball from the rough and dropped it up the fairway next to where Rubin's shot lay. She moved the other two balls belonging to Big-Boy and Weasel alongside Rubin's ball as well. Yes there they were, all four balls in a line! How could this be? What mischievousness.
By now our golfers were over in the rough looking for Motor-Mouth's ball. Strangely enough they hadn't been able to find it so he reluctantly dropped another for a penalty. On moving on it was subsequently found that the four balls were together in the middle of the fairway. Louie, Lulu and Pearl moved in to listen.
'How the hell could this be?' exclaimed Rubin. 'My Farkin ball was way ahead of any of yours'.
'You are dreamin' mate', said Weasel. 'You are better at throwing clubs than hitting balls! What are you bloody well talking about'. 
'Look at that', said Motor-Mouth amazed at what he saw. 'My Farkin ball must have bounced off a Farkin tree'.
'Gosh', Louie whispered. 'Even the trees around here must have been planted by this guy Farkin'. 
'I tell you', Rubin reiterated. 'My Farkin ball was way ahead of any of yours'.
'Well stuff you Mr R. Sole', retorted Weasel. 'If you are going to be difficult about it, go and find someone else to play with. I'm not interested in your bloody investment deal if you are going get precious about it. Go and throw your clubs around somewhere else!'
'Sorry, sorry, I apologise', said Rubin realising he had gone too far and trying to laugh it off. 'Ha ha, you are right, I'm wrong, I'm sorry'.
The mood was becoming somewhat tense with Rubin's quibbling, however it settled down a little when all four had good approach shots to the green. They were all safe just in front of the water hazard. 
Rubin drove the golf cart with the others onboard to a point just to the right of the green where the ground sloped down to the water hazard. Weasel was the first to notice it. 'What the hell is that stuck in the hole beside the pin? It looks like your bloody golf club Rubin!'
Poor Rubin. Oh dear, what a day. Uncontrolled laughter was on the menu once more.
Motor-Mouth got out his cell phone, took a picture then drawled to the others. 'Tell you what guys, this is going on the world news tonight, the first ever hole-in-one with a golf club. I can't wait to tell everybody over dinner tonight!' 
Well the humiliated Rubin, tail between his legs, retrieved his club. He then joined the others to chip across the water hazard to the green. 
Pearl had another idea. As the balls were being chipped to the green she flew overhead and grabbed them. Then she dropped them one after the other into the hole. She did this for Big-Boy, Weasel and Motor-Mouth. The three of them were jumping around and high fiving at their incredible shots - well Big-Boy sort of jumped around. 
For Rubin, Pearl dropped his ball in the bunker over the far side of the green.
'Call yourself a golfer', retorted Motor-Mouth. 'What sort of a shot do you call that?'
Rubin said nothing and headed off to the back of the green to play his shot from the bunker. While he was making his way, Pearl whispered to Louie and Lulu. 'I think we need just one more thing to bring this to a conclusion. I believe we are about to paint our dear Rubin into a corner, watch this!'
Pearl flew off to the golf cart and let off the hand brake. The cart immediately rolled forward, gathered speed then nose dived into the water hazard. Splash!! There it was. All that could be seen was the top of the sun roof and the four corner supports. Everything else was submerged. Oh dear!
'The bloody idiot', yelled Big-Boy. 'He forgot to put the hand brake on! My gear, my wallet they are all there'.
Weasel went white with rage; his personal belongings were taking swimming lessons as well. Motor-Mouth similarly affected wouldn't stop ranting and raving. 'You bloody idiot, you bloody idiot, you will pay for this Sole'.
Rubin wondering what all the commotion was about came back from where he was doing some rather unsuccessful "gardening" in the bunker to take a look. He couldn't believe what he saw. He was sure he had put the hand brake on. He had to think quickly, these guys were likely to walk away and cancel their investments after what had happened now. 
Rubin was bombarded with every synonym for "incompetent idiot". He was also told in no uncertain terms that the investment deal was off.
'Wait, wait', a desperate Rubin pleaded. 'I will get everything back that belongs to you that's in the Farkin cart, that's a promise. Please, I don't want to lose you as investors, I will offer you all a return of twenty percent! It can be done'.
Well of course money was much more important to this lot than a few trifling items submerged along with the golf cart. Hmmm they thought. If we can screw this guy for twenty percent maybe we should invest more.
Big-Boy, Weasel and Motor-Mouth went into a huddle and discussed the offer while Rubin anxiously waited for an outcome. Then it was all smiles, yes these three were prepared to accept twenty percent, not only that, they would also each "up" their investments to one billion!
'Stuff your bloody golf Rubin', said Weasel who was the self elected spokesman for the three. 'Lets call it a day, go back, have lunch and agree on a deal. Get some sucker from the resort to come out and get our belongings though, like pronto'.
A relieved Rubin agreed. In fact it had all worked out for the best; this lot were now prepared to invest more. The four headed off and walked back towards the resort, laughing and talking about what had happened. They were all on common ground again. Yes the ground of greed, arrogance and dishonesty.
While the golfers were walking back to the resort, Pearl remerged with Rubin briefly to find out exactly what his intentions were. She knew instinctively that there was no way he could pay twenty percent on such huge investments. 
Pearl was back to Louie and Lulu within a moment. 'Let's go back home, I think we have done all we can for today. We can drop into the Cotton Club and discuss our next move. While we are there I can tell you more about what our friend Rubin is up to. It is all very interesting!' 
The three happy insects took off and flew high above the golf course. They could see Rubin with his three companions making their way back to the resort - minus the golf cart and a few other things! Louie Lulu and Pearl turned and headed to the northeast, away from the coast and back to the slopes of Weiapai. The massive hulk of Weiapai in the distance was indeed impressive. There was an almost ominous feeling about the stark mass of rock. Maybe it was an enormous dormant giant, sleeping for now, but it would erupt again some day in the future. The three wondered if perhaps this giant knew what parasites like Rubin and his cronies were up to, maybe it would immediately launch forth with all fury and reclaim the planet for Mother Nature herself. 
It was easy for the three insects to locate the quartz from where they had emerged earlier in the day, it was just below the visitors centre. They flew straight in, Pearl led the way. Back to the Stone Room they went. 
Once in the Stone Room, Louie made a suggestion. 'It's probably fine up in Surface Paradise today, let's for old time's sake go to the Nest Cafe for lunch'.
'Yea! Great idea Louie', said Lulu and Pearl.
'Right', said Louie. 'Here goes'.
Louie selected the Ankh coloured tile so it was glowing. This meant they would now emerge as insects. Then he found the tile that would bring them out at the bank in the village. 
'Are you ready?' said Louie.
'Ready', said Lulu.
'Let's go', said Pearl.
Within an instant they emerged in the village, just outside the bank. The day was fine and clear as Louie had predicted (clever bee). It was coolish after possibly an early morning frost and there was a light southwest breeze. It was just after midday. The thrill of being back in the simplicity of their own territory caused the three to let out a "yippee". At top speed they headed away from the village towards their beloved stream. Down they went to just above the stream surface and along towards the Nest Cafe.   
Being mid-winter the trees were bare and there weren't the flowers that grew all year round down in Bluefoundland. However the sun sparkling on the stream surface made up for it. The stream was chattering as it went, swollen slightly with recent winter rain. Louie flew in alongside Lulu, reached out and grasped her hand and smiled. Oh yes it was so good to be back. There were many memories of good times.
There were few others at the Nest Cafe. Being winter, most of those who were into having a little lunch were of course down in the warmth of Bluefoundland and would be frequenting the Cotton Club. Louie's favourite table twenty-seven was free. The three ordered lunch and some red wine, Basil came over and had a brief chat then it was down to earnest discussion about the events of the morning.

Louie the Bee - Chapter 17
Plans With a Sole Purpose.

'Tell us what else you found out about Rubin, Pearl', said Lulu. 'I am dying to know what he is up to'.
'Me too', said Louie reaching for his red wine.
'Well', said Pearl. 'What he intends to do is get those investors who have agreed to part with their money, to transfer their "investments" to an account he has set up in Ulaikitia. This account is under the name of R. S. I. Ltd - all sounds very cosy. It stands for Rubin Sole Investments Ltd. - probably should be Really Stupid Investments Ltd!
 Getting the money off the investors is Rubin's number one priority. He will lie, cheat and do anything to ensure this happens. The transfer of monies is supposed to eventuate tomorrow morning at the resort conference room; it's all scheduled to happen with the investors in attendance at 10.00a.m Ulaikitia time. Incidentally this is no simple operation of signing documents and writing out cheques, no, it has been set up with fifty or more computers to make online transfers directly to Rubin's account. It's all very impressive and hi-tech, Rubin has spared no expense. 
'Once the money from the investors is in place in his Ulaikitia account he intends to transfer a substantial portion to a Swiss bank account. He will keep enough money remaining in the Ulaikitia account so that he can pay out the high returns of interest due. It will make him look as though he is just the cleverest financier around. This success will, as Rubin sees it, attract even more investors. Of course this can't go on forever as the interest payments will bleed the deposits dry. No, what Rubin intends to do while there is still plenty of money left, is to disappear and take the remaining money (left in the Swiss Bank account) with him! He intends to do this about twelve months from now. By my estimates, at the time he disappears, allowing for expenses and interest repayments, he will probably walk away with close to two billion - well that's what he thinks'.
'How does he intend to disappear Pearl?' said Louie.
'It's like this', Pearl responded. 'Our Mr Sole, because he has money, he has contacts in the criminal world that he can pay and rely on to make false documents: passports, birth certificates, drivers licenses, you name it. The intention is to create a new identity for himself and his family and to get all this documentation stuff completed over the next six months. It is very expensive to get this sort of work done and to keep those who have done it - quiet! This is partly why he is so anxious to get the money off these investors ASAP. While Rubin is quietly working away on the disappearance of himself and his family, he will retain the "front" of a very successful finance company executive. This will be achieved by continuing to ensure interest payments are made on time. There will be plenty of parties for the "elite" as part of his giant "con". From what I see, what Rubin did to investors back here is "small bikkies" compared to what he is up to now. Rubin has an addiction to money and he will destroy anyone to get it.
'For Rubin's vanishing trick the intention is to disappear to the Bahamas. Rubin has chosen what he feels to be an insignificant name for his new identity so he and his family can slip into anonymity for a number of years. The name he has chosen is Noel Ongar - believe it or not! Rubin intends to be known simply as a retired oil baron and lead a quiet life off the money he has stolen.
'In six months time, once the second identity has been established, Rubin under the name of Mr Ongar, will start transferring funds from the Swiss bank account to the Bahamas and then use this money to buy a property there in which to live. From what I can tell he is on the lookout for a secluded luxury place by the sea. The property he intends to buy must have boat access and a jetty to accommodate a large cruising motor yacht that he also intends to purchase. He has already made some tentative over-the-phone enquiries and there are several options available for both the property and the yacht. I will explain why Rubin needs a boat and a place by the sea in a moment. 
'The final act of disappearance in twelve months time is quite ingenious although no doubt it has been done before. The intention is to hire a vessel from the Haidawei Resort and head off for a two week cruise around the Hauaia islands. Remember that the resort will have no qualms about agreeing for Rubin to do this; in twelve months time he will be respected and known as the greatest of businessmen. After all, the investors will be receiving prompt returns and the parties he will be throwing will be giving the resort plenty of business. Rubin will have ensured all resort bills are paid on time, oh yes he will be the model client. 
'Once Rubin has gained the respect he needs, this is what he intends to do. Out to sea to the northwest of Ulaikitia is an area of deep water known as the Ulaikitia Basin. This area reaches a depth of over seventeen thousand feet. The intention is to scuttle the boat hired from the resort. By scuttling the boat in this deep water, in all reality it will never be found. It will look (after extensive fruitless searching) as though the "poor Soles" have been lost at sea, what a shame! But no, clever Rubin (Mr Ongar) will have the boat he owns in the Bahamas pick him and his family up, so there we have it - the Ongar family on a nice cruise making their way back to their home in the Bahamas! All they have to do is sail back and tie up at the jetty at the bottom of the garden. No questions asked.
'Once the Ongar family is firmly established in the Bahamas they will have to lay low for a while, at least until the mysterious disappearance of the Sole family has been put to rest. All it will need is perhaps a little disguising to prevent recognition, change of hair style and colour, the wearing of glasses, all the usual "con" stuff that Rubin is very good at'.
'That really is dirty play', said Lulu amazed at what Pearl had been saying. 'He really will destroy these investors'.
'I wouldn't worry too much about that Lulu', Pearl responded. 'The investors are just as bad as Rubin, they have exploited others. Greed drives them to take up the "too good to be true" offer Rubin is making'.
'What I can't understand', said Louie. 'Is why these investors believe what Rubin is telling them? How can they not see it is all a sham?'
'Ah ha', said Pearl. 'I wondered that initially too. However having merged with Rubin it has all become clear. What he has done is have beautiful glossy brochures and prospectuses printed containing fabricated stories about his successes; in reality though this printed information contains nothing but a pack of lies. He has paid criminal contacts to back-up his success stories. The selection of guarantors and referees he has established, look good on the surface and in the brochures, but in reality they really are nothing but a sham. 
'Are these guarantors contactable for verification?' said Lulu amazed at what Pearl was saying.
'Yes they are', said Pearl. 'Well "sort of" contactable. What happens is that in using the phone numbers in the brochures to contact the referees and guarantors, the calls are directed through a call centre back to Rubin himself - or his wife for that matter! Rubin is good at play acting and can put on a few false voices so in effect he can say all sorts of things about how dependable and reliable he and his investment company are. Yes I know it's dirty play but this is how the human world operates.
'It's truly amazing what Rubin has done all in the name of money. If any of the investors ever find out what he is up to, particularly the three major investors he was playing golf with, there is no question of it, he will be eliminated in some ghastly fashion that we dare not even think about. The problem for Rubin is that he is in too deep to ever back out'.
'What do you suggest we do now Pearl?' said Lulu.
'What I suggest', said Pearl. 'Is that on Friday morning, the Sole family will be at the resort getting ready to head away by helicopter in the afternoon. What we need to do is go back to Ulaikitia early Friday morning, and merge with the family. At this point in time, the investor's money will be sitting in Rubin's Ulaikitia company account, most likely more than three billion dollars! What we will need to do is merge with all members of the family so we can control the situation. There are four members of the family plus the fitness trainer that we know about. We will need to bring Rose, Tiger and Lily to assist us. Tiger and Lily can merge with the Sole children and enjoy themselves being wealthy spoilt teenage brats for a while!'
Louie and Lulu smiled at each other and almost said, 'It won't be any different to now!' But no, Tiger and Lily were really two wonderful young bees and Louie and Lulu knew it. They were very proud of them both.
Pearl continued. 'Before we do all this on Friday, what we need to do is go to the village bank here and set up an account. We need to do just as we did several years ago when we sorted out the dishonesty that prevailed at the village council. If you two are agreeable we could go and do this, this afternoon. All I have to do is merge with the bank manager and have you two merge with senior staff for authorisation purposes. It wouldn't take long'.
'No problem Pearl', said Louie. 'I guess the intention is to transfer funds from Rubin's Ulaikitia account to here?'
'Precisely', said Pearl her eyes sparkling with mischief. 'Yes all of it - everything ultimately'. 
'Pearl', said Lulu. 'Won't the transfer of several billions of dollars attract attention with the village bank administration?'
'Glad you mentioned that Lulu', Pearl responded, her eyes again flashing with cunning mischievousness. 'I thought of that one too. We are fortunate that the government has accounts with the same banking organisation that the village bank is part of. There are government reserve accounts holding billions of dollars, Reserve One, Reserve Two and Reserve Three. I know this already, I have checked. I believe these accounts are used to transfer monies to politician's credit card accounts and other mischievous things that governments get up to. Supposedly it keeps such spending away from public scrutiny, a sort of legal money laundering system!  - Anyway what we will do is create a government Reserve Four account for the transfer of the money from Rubin. It will be a temporary account. I suppose someone in the Government might query it but they won't know how to access it, only we will have the user name and password. By the time anybody get's around to sorting it out (which wouldn't at least for a week) the account will be gone - I will talk about this later. I don't believe we have the slightest worry here, government employees move very slowly on things. They have to have meetings and form committees. Nobody can make decisions about anything out of the ordinary and they don't like working on weekends. No we are completely covered here, of that I am sure!' 
Lulu flashed a smile to Pearl in recognition of the cleverness of their Queen. There was no need to say anything, Pearl had it all worked out as usual!
'Back to what we will be doing in Ulaikitia', Pearl continued. 'The way I see it; on Friday morning I will merge with Rubin, Lulu if you could merge with his wife, Tiger and Lily will take care of the children, that leaves you and Rose unmerged Louie. You and Rose need to be available to merge with anyone likely to interfere, such as the fitness trainer or anyone else who might be around or arrive unannounced. We will just have to see when we get there on Friday.
'Once I have taken over Rubin, first I will commence contacting all of his trustees back here and request urgent transfer of funds to his company account in Ulaikitia. This is the same account where all the other investor's money will be. The trustees shouldn't balk at this as Rubin has already completed similar such arrangements in the past. Transfers have taken place within an hour to satisfy his insatiable appetite to spend money "living it up" at the resort. 
'One thing we must do when we are merged with the Sole family is take the SIM cards out of their cell phones and "lose them". If the trustees need to phone back for checking purposes we don't want them phoning later on Friday when the Soles are away at this other island. As an additional measure I will instruct the trustees that "I" (Rubin) am not to be disturbed or contacted under any circumstances until Monday. It's important that Rubin has no idea what is going on until after the weekend. 
'Another little thing that I will do with the trustees on Friday is tell them that they are not to accept any further instructions from "me" (Rubin) unless the codeword "Bluefoundland" is quoted. It's of course a word not known in the human world and is therefore unlikely to be guessed! Finally, passwords, personal details and security questions need to be changed for Rubin's Ulaikitia company account; this can all be done online on Friday. This will stall access by Rubin until hopefully Tuesday or Wednesday, he will be busy entertaining on Monday anyway so there will be a good window of opportunity to do what we want. By the time he gets around to sorting things out it will be too late, the "billions" will be gone!
'I touched on it before. First thing next Tuesday morning, back here, we will need to move the funds in the Government Reserve Four account, to another account we will create. The funds transferred from Ulaikitia will in all likelihood go through on Monday night. The Reserve Four account will need to be closed and all records of it ever having existed, erased. The records for Rubin's Ulaikitia account will then show transfer of funds to an account that doesn't even exist and never has! The money will have vanished into thin air! Oh dear, poor, poor Mr R. Sole or is it Noel Ongar? The dirty cheat!
'Brilliant Pearl', said Louie. 'This is really going to be exciting. I guess once we have finally sorted it all out and the money is in the account here, it will be a case of channelling the money back to those who have been relieved of there savings'.
'Yes that's right Louie', said Pearl. 'You may remember I obtained from Rubin's city office a complete list of those eligible to have investment money returned. I also have their bank account details, names and addresses, everything we need is there. All of this information is firmly locked away in my memory. Over the next few weeks we can transfer money back to these people from our account here. There is no way any of the money will be given back to those who have invested with Rubin in Ulaikitia; they are just as much liars and cheats as Rubin. No, there will be a lot of unallocated money left that we can use to do good with in the future.
'Just as an idea Pearl', said Lulu. 'While we are in Ulaikitia on Friday morning we could use a computer at the resort to print out letters to all who are owed money. The letters could be written as an apology for what has been done, and advise the money will be returned to the respective bank accounts within the next few days. You as Rubin, Pearl, could sign them all and we can post them from the resort. The fact that Rubin will have signed these letters will mean there is no comeback from Rubin himself. If we name the account back here as say the "Rubin Sole Reinstatement Trust Fund" it will all fit into place. Our friend Rubin won't have a leg to stand on'.
'Excellent work Lulu', said Pearl admiring Lulu's quick thinking. 'There is one problem however. The number of investors relieved of their savings is in the order of twenty thousand! What I suggest we do is say write to two hundred of the major ones, that is those who have been most affected, and we can fix up the others later, we should have time to prepare this number on Friday morning. I suggest with the remainder we just restore the money, they will see on their bank statements that it has come from Mr R. Sole's reinstatement fund, that should be sufficient'. 
Pearl paused and smiled at Lulu in acknowledgement of her good idea, then continued. 'Yes you are so right Lulu. Having signed letters from Rubin Sole himself will tidy things up nicely, it will make it legally binding. I must admit it was one little detail that I felt I hadn't addressed adequately, now you have done it for me. Not that we really need to worry too much about Rubin trying to reverse things, I think he will be heading for the hills when some angry investors find out what has happened'.
'Oh another thing', said Lulu excited about a further thought she had. 'When we prepare these letters we can do a couple of additional ones and get Rubin to sign them. Let's do a written press release to the media back here, from Rubin himself, stating that he apologises for what he has done and announce that those who have been misled will be repaid in full! In the media release we can also advise that a trust account has been set up, that is the Rubin Sole Reinstatement Trust, this will explain the appearance of the account at the village bank. We can make up a name for ourselves as the trustee administrators too - how about Mothbee Trust Executors Ltd, sounds like a typical boring name humans would use!'
'Yes, yes, Lulu, absolutely brilliant', said Pearl laughing. 'That is a truly wonderful idea, you clever bee!'
The three were getting excited about the ideas they were formulating. Mr Sole it appears could really be in the early stages of his demise! Louie had another issue to address.
'Pearl', said Louie. 'You have mentioned previously that our Mr Sole has a multi million dollar mansion, I believe it is close to the Big City somewhere. Should we perhaps do something with this?'
'I haven't really thought too much about it Louie', said Pearl. 'Have you two got any ideas?'
Lulu, who was always one for helping the underdog, was "on a roll" for good ideas. 'Yes I've got a suggestion', said Lulu. 'This mansion of Mr Sole's, I believe from what you have told us Pearl, is located in a street full of people just like him. That is they have gained wealth by the exploitation of others if I am not mistaken?'
'That's right Lulu', Pearl responded in a slightly angry tone. 
'Well', said Lulu. 'What I suggest we do is, seeing it is up for sale, we buy it with some of the money left in the Rubin Sole Reinstatement fund! This mansion will possibly have thirty of forty rooms. Let's make it a centre for the homeless! We can gift the mansion to one of the organisations that look after this sort of thing. I just know the other people living in the street will be overjoyed in knowing that one of the homes in their street is being used to do so much good!'
Louie and Pearl laughed at the manner in which Lulu had (tongue in cheek) said what she had said - so seriously, while keeping a straight face.
'That is a very mischievous and naughty thought!' said Pearl trying to sound almost as though she disapproved. 'On the basis of this idea of yours being so mischievous and naughty it would be totally unacceptable if we didn't do just as you have suggested Lulu! What else have you naughty bees got in mind?'   
Pearl noticed Louie was smiling to himself. She knew by the look on Louie's face that he was probably having some mischievous thoughts too.
'What are you up to Louie?' said Pearl. 'I can tell by that look on your face that you are up to something, you mischievous bee!' 
'I was just thinking', replied Louie. 'On Monday we don't have to do anything back here. Let's return to Ulaikitia in the morning and have some final fun with Rubin when he takes these guests out for a cruise. We could probably make it quite a memorable occasion, a bit like we did on the golf course earlier today. We could just go and "play it by ear" as to what we do on the day. We don't need to plan anything now'.
'Yes, you naughty bee', said Pearl. 'I think it would be entirely appropriate to do just that! Don't you agree Lulu?'
'Oh yes yes', Lulu replied. 'In fact I just can't wait. I feel so angry with what Rubin has done'.
The three talked some more and finished their lunch. It was getting on for mid- afternoon. The job in hand now was to setup the Reserve Four account at the village bank ready for Friday. The three left the Nest Cafe, flew back to the village and through the quartz to the Stone Room. This time the Ka tile was selected and they re-emerged from the quartz at the bank in the blue nymph form. Within a few minutes they had merged with the bank manager together with the appropriate support staff. The Reserve Four account was ready and waiting. Little did our friend Rubin Sole know what was about to happen!
Job done, the three headed through the quartz façade at the village bank to the Stone Room. While they were still in the Stone Room Lulu made a suggestion. 'Pearl, on Friday morning you are going to be busy transferring money and talking to trustees. How about while we are here, you do a USB transfer to me of the details of those owed money. Then on Friday I can look after the printing off of the letters'.
'Excellent idea Lulu', said Pearl. 'That will certainly take a load off my mind'.
Yes it was all falling into place. With the USB transfer to Lulu completed, it was then on from the Stone Room and out the back of the Bee Home down in Bluefoundland. It was good to be home again. Louie and Lulu offered Pearl a cup of gum leaf tea which she gratefully accepted. The three talked further about what had happened in a truly eventful day and confirmed amongst themselves that they would leave for Ulaikitia on Friday at 5.30a.m. It would be an early start but there was a lot to be done. Leaving at 5.30a.m would mean that they could "take over" the Sole family at about 8.00a.m. (Hauaia time)
Just after 3.00p.m. Pearl got up to leave. 'Thanks for the tea you two. I guess that's it until Friday morning.
'Look forward to it Pearl', said Louie.
'Can't wait', said Lulu, using a bit of self control to not bounce up and down with excitement. 
With plans in place, Pearl headed back to Buckingham Palace. It was now getting on for half past three. Louie turned to his precious Lulu for a moment and held her close. He then said. 'Let's spend the rest of the afternoon doing something special. Rose, Tiger and Lily won't be back from the village library for another hour or so'.
'What my bee?' said Lulu looking into Louie's eyes.
'Well', said Louie. 'It brought back so many memories being back at the Nest Cafe today. Let's go back up to Surface Paradise and fly along to our little house by the stream. We haven't been there for months. What do you think?'
'Oh yes that would be wonderful Louie', Lulu responded eagerly. 'Let's go and do it'.
The pair took off from their home in Bluefoundland. Across Lake McFarland they went, up past Buckingham Palace to the opening in the limestone ceiling. Then it was out the aperture to the world of Surface Paradise. Over the top of the Hotel Babbelon they went, past the Nest Cafe and down to stream level. They turned right and flew close to each other. The winter sun was low in the sky and the air was cold but it was oh so good to be flying along the stream together once more. So many memories flooded back.
Lulu yelled, 'Race you to our house, GO!'
Lulu had the slight advantage in having yelled "GO" before Louie knew what was happening. However Louie soon caught Lulu and they were side by side once more. The stream surface, just a short distance below, raced by. The rush of air was invigorating, it was exciting. 
The pair landed on the deck of their little house and held each other close for a moment. Yes it was a very, very special place. They glanced at the stream below.
'Remember Louie', said Lulu choked with emotion. 'The times we had with Tiger and Lily down the path by the stream. They were such precious moments, we will never forget them'.
Louie smiled and sighed. They went inside. Louie got some wood from around the back of the house and lit the stove. They pulled the ferniture up close to the stove to keep warm. A tear of happiness rolled from Lulu's eyes. The light smell of wood smoke from the stove brought back memories of winter evenings when they would sit in front of the stove while Tiger and Lily (as very small bees) played on the floor.
'Oh Louie', said Lulu passionately with a sigh. 'Remember when you first proposed to me here; remember that Christmas when Tiger and Lily arrived. Remember those summer evenings when we would fly home from the Factory and Tiger and Lily would be waving to us, they were both so small then. Where has the time gone?'
'I know Lulu', said Louie. 'Where has the time gone? How our lives have changed. Just think, we were so naive then. If the powers of the quartz hadn't been discovered we would no longer be alive'.
Louie held Lulu tightly then said. 'Come with me for a moment to the spare room Lulu'. Louie led the way and the pair looked in. There in the corner was the cradle Louie had made for Tiger and Lily. Sitting in the cradle was Lily's dolly, Loobee-Loo. Loobee-Loo had been forgotten for some time now. Lily was growing up. Lulu picked up Loobee-Loo and held the dolly close to her for a moment. Oh there were such strong memories of very happy times. Both bees now had tears streaming down their yellow stripes'. 
'Cheer up my bee', said Louie. 'Let's make a point of it this spring, we'll bring Tiger and Lily with us and spend some fine weather evenings here again. We can fly down to the Nest Cafe for an evening meal at sunset just like we used to do. Just think, there will be the smell of cut grass and onion weed from Mr McFarland's place. There's the scent from the field of Bluebells close by too. Yes with Bluefoundland we have got the best of both worlds now!'
'You are so right Louie', said Lulu. 'We have got such an exciting life ahead of us. I wouldn't really want to go back. It's just that there really are so many wonderful memories, it reinforces the love I have for you'.
Louie and Lulu sat down in front of the stove once more and talked and laughed about how things had been. The fire in the stove gradually died. At just after 5.00p.m. it was time to go. The pair moved once more out onto the deck. The sun was just disappearing behind them to the west. It was still and cold, there was going to be a frost.
'We must come back and get all these autumn leaves off the deck', said Louie remembering how it used to be kept so tidy. He looked back at the house and remembered what it had been like before he had met Lulu. His life had been so simple, he had been so naive and they were very lonely times, he would never want to go back to how he lived then.
'It's cold Louie', said Lulu. 'Let's head back to our wonderful home in Bluefoundland'.
They did just that. Once again, as it had been many years before, the silhouette of two inseparable bees could be seen against the evening sky, heading down the stream in the direction of the Nest Cafe. Here they turned west towards the aperture in the rock that led them to deep below the ground. They disappeared. Down they went, to the warmth and safety of Bluefoundland.

Louie the Bee - Chapter 18
Some Sole Destroying Plans Are Put in Place.

It is now 4.30a.m. on Friday. The Bees and Rose are having breakfast at the Bee Home down in Bluefoundland. Pearl has flown in to join them. There is general excitement about the day ahead. Rose, Tiger and Lily were coming along to help so there is animated discussion about what lay ahead. In fact things were so exciting that Tiger and Lily hadn't even given a thought to bringing their Eyepods to the table. Wow things were looking up!
Over breakfast the team went over what they would be doing on arrival at the resort in Ulaikitia. Louie and Rose would be remaining unmerged, Tiger and Lily were to merge with the two Sole teenagers and Pearl would be doing the money transfers while merged with Rubin himself. Lulu, having completed a USB transfer with Pearl a couple of days earlier, could now set about preparing letters to about two hundred unfortunate people who had been most affected by Rubin's greed. These letters (to be posted from the resort) were to state that the money these poor people had "lost" would be returned within a short time, together with interest owing. Pearl had decided that because these people had suffered a great deal, the interest owing should be calculated at fifty percent. How nice of "Rubin" to do this, Pearl thought to herself! There would be no way for Rubin to ask for the money back as he would have personally signed all the letters indicating his intentions. Hmmm, well done team!
Tiger and Lily had been well briefed on the situation. They were both looking forward to being merged with the Sole children and finding out for the first time what it was like to be a "spoilt brat" in the human world.
When they had finished breakfast, Pearl asked for attention for a moment. For a final time she went once more over the details of what each would be doing for the day and to repeat it back. It was important that they got it right. With everybody happy with their responsibilities it was through to the Stone Room and off to Ulaikitia.
The team of six emerged from Weiapai in the blue nymph form. As Louie, Lulu and Pearl had done on the preceding Monday, they appeared just below the visitor's centre, high up on the rocky barren slopes of the mountain. 
The weather in the islands was fine and clear, visibility was excellent. Pearl led the way and Rose accompanied her alongside. Immediately behind followed the four members of the Bee Family. Down to the resort they flew. Tiger and Lily constantly talked to their parents about the new things they could see. Every second word from the excited pair of young bees was either why, what, how or wow! 
On arrival at the resort, Pearl led the team to where the Sole family were staying. They landed on the lawn in front of the condominium. There were floor to ceiling glass windows facing out across an extensive deck towards the beach and the Pacific Ocean. There were large ranch sliders which at this point in time were closed. The Sole family were obviously inside, voices could be heard and movement could be seen. Pearl gathered the team around
'Somehow', said Pearl. 'I will have to get Rubin out so I can merge with him'.
'I'll fix it', said Louie, with which he picked up a couple of small stones out of the garden and hurled them at the windows. Within seconds, Rubin himself stormed out and shouted. 'Who's there!?' 
'Go for it Pearl', Louie whispered. 'Merge with him now'.
'Thanks Louie', said Pearl.
 Rubin was about to say another "Who's There" when Pearl merged and quickly addressed the others. 'Follow me. Lulu as soon as you can; merge with Mrs Sole. Tiger, Lily, you two merge with the children. Let's go'.
At that moment Mrs Sole came out to find out what was going on. She was in a bath robe and had her head wrapped in a towel. Her face was covered with a mud pack. She was holding a nail file with which she had been delicately manicuring some frightful looking bright purple finger nails. What a nightmare!
Lulu quickly moved forward and merged with Mrs Sole. That was two members of the family taken care of. 
'The children must be inside', said Pearl now as Rubin. 'I will give them a call. I know their names. Now I think about it, it's probably safer for Tiger and Lily to merge with them out here - just in case there is anyone else in there. It will be easier to deal with others if we have full control of the family first'.
The teen age children, a boy and a girl of ages fifteen and thirteen respectively were named Wattie and Skye. 'Typical', muttered Pearl to herself.
Pearl called out. 'Wattie, Skye can you come here for a moment'.
There was no reply. 'Must be asleep', Pearl thought.
She tried again a little bit louder. 'Skye darling, Wattie my dear boy, could you come here please'. Pearl cringed at what she was saying but it was as Rubin would have said it.
Still no reply. 'We had better go in', said Pearl turning and addressing the others. 
Pearl advanced to the open ranch slider and went on through. For safety (in the event of having to act quickly in an emergency) she paused and carefully mentally noted what she saw. In particular she noted where the exits were, possible hiding places together with security camera locations and anything that might pose a threat. 
Pearl had found herself in a large rectangular open living area. The floor was of grey slate tiles with a few raffia mats scattered about. There was a formal dining area screened off to the rear on the left. Six large ceiling fans swished slowly and relentlessly above. The room was fitted out with the finest of luxury furnishings. There was an extensive private bar, hi-fi equipment and a floor to ceiling flat television screen of enormous proportions. 
At the rear, to the right of the dining area, was an entrance hall. Here was an ornate and wide, polished oak door. Pearl knew from studying plans of the resort using the internet in the village library, that this door opened to a covered way that ran between all the condominiums and provided a link to the resort reception area. There were opaque stained glass windows either side of the oak door. These were emblazoned with the resort motif. Ruby red velvet curtains with gold trim covered these windows at night. They had been drawn to one side. 
To the left of the dining area was an opening to a large kitchen. Back along the wall from the kitchen opening was a hallway leading to the other rooms of the condominium. Pearl stared at the opulent extravagance and felt a degree of anger welling up inside her. In front of her were the two teenage children.
No wonder the little brats hadn't answered, there they were sitting in front of television in their night attire. They had iPods with the earphones stuck in their ears. Pearl could hear the tinny sound of the music from the iPods from where she stood. Skye glanced up at her father (Pearl) with distain. This was accompanied by an intense scowl and a pout, as teenage girls can tend to do. She then looked away again. Wattie ignored his father's presence all together. 
Skye had bright blue hair that stuck up in a mess as though maybe she had had a blender accident with a blueberry smoothie. All Skye needed was a few clouds around her head and she could indeed be the sky! 
Wattie, yes dear Wattie looked a "right" brainless twit. He wore a black peaked beanie. The peak (which looked a little like a shortened version of the beak of Donald Duck) was turned to the back. "Why on earth", Pearl thought to herself, "would one want to wear a beanie in the tropics? Hmmm". It was very puzzling what these humans got up to. 
Beside Wattie on a low table was a selection of brightly coloured party pills that he and Skye helped themselves to now and then. Pearl looked at Wattie; he was in some other world. As he sat, one leg jiggled up and down involuntarily in a motion totally unrelated to any brain activity. The jiggling reflected the beat from the crap he was listening to. Both brats were absolutely bored. Pearl wondered if perhaps when Wattie was born his parents said "Wattie we got here" and maybe the name stuck!
Pearl called out for the others to come in. There was no need to hush her voice; the two brats were completely oblivious to any sounds around them. When Lulu (as Mrs Sole) saw Skye and Wattie, she broke into a laugh and cracked the mud pack on her face - what a mess. Mrs Sole was slightly overweight due to the high living she was accustomed to. Being roundish in her features, she now had a face that looked for all the world like a fractured china teapot!
Tiger and Lily merged with Wattie and Skye respectively. The Sole family was now totally under the control of the insects. Pearl asked Rose and Louie (who of course were still invisible) if they could go and check through the condominium to see if there was anyone else about. It took Rose and Louie a few minutes because there were at least fifteen rooms. 
Louie and Rose didn't find anybody else; however there was one room that was obviously occupied by someone who was not about at this point in time. Pearl thought possibly it would be the fitness trainer. The concern was that the fitness trainer could perhaps turn up at any time unannounced. Still Louie and Rose would be in place to deal with such events. So far so good.
There was some good news though, Louie had found there was a room set aside as an office, with four computers, phones and other electronic gear. This was no doubt Rubin's control centre for devious dealings. 
'Right', said Pearl. 'I am going to head for the computer room now. Let's have a look and see if we can get on with contacting the trustees back home and the transferring of the funds back to the village bank'.
'I'll go and get cleaned up first, then join you Pearl', said Lulu as Mrs Sole. Lulu's voice reflected the arrogant snobbishness of her host.
'Tiger and Lily', said Pearl. 'Could you go around and remove all the SIM cards from the cell phones'.
'Will do Aunty Pearl', the pair chorused eagerly.
'And when you have finished', said Pearl laughing. 'Give yourselves a hair cut!'
Tiger and Lily laughed with fiendish delight and went off to do as they were bid. 
'Louie, Rose are you still here?' said Pearl who couldn't see them now she was merged with Rubin. 
'Yes we are right beside you', said Rose. 'We will stick around and watch for anyone else turning up and deal with them. Leave it to Louie and I, we will make sure you are not disturbed in your "work" Pearl'.
'Great my team', said Pearl. 'Just as a precaution I will phone the resort reception and instruct them that we are not to be disturbed and until after midday. That should make your job easier Louie and Rose'. 
Pearl made the call from a phone on the servery by the kitchen then disappeared down the hall in the direction of the computer room. Lulu went off to one of several bathrooms to remove the mud from her face, tidy herself up and get dressed. She then joined Pearl to prepare and print the letters for posting. Tiger and Lily set about locating all the cell phones and removing the SIM cards. What naughty bees! Louie and Rose sat in front of the TV and watched some program about how insects may someday take over the world. Louie and Rose laughed, it was already happening!
In the computer room, Pearl found exactly what she wanted, no question of it, this was where Rubin did all his dirty dealings. She and Lulu chatted openly to each other about what each was doing. In essence this was a serious mistake as we shall learn. Pearl first of all phoned the trustees to get the money from Rubin's trust accounts moved to his company account in Ulaikitia. This had all gone well and the funds were due to be transferred within the hour. Pearl had found that to achieve this, all that had to be done was quote a code. This then had to be backed up by verbal confirmation from Rubin's wife with security questions such as "mother's maiden name", "what Sunday School did your uncle's son's sister's daughter go to", "do you hate your horse" - well not quite that! but one gets the general picture. Lulu being merged with Rubin's wife assisted with this requirement quite admirably.
'Right', said Pearl to Lulu. 'We just have to wait for a little under an hour and we can transfer all the money to our Reserve Four account back home. The investors will never see it again!'
Pearl had found in searching through Rubin's computer that all the investors were listed on a spread sheet, complete with comprehensive private details. From what she could see, these investors were, as she already suspected, of a similar ilk to that of Rubin himself. The details were explicit enough for Pearl to see that these people were very much into greed and destroying others. She had found many grubby little activities such as: legal theft (moving money belonging to others to trust accounts), charging exorbitant director's fees, laundering drug money, Ponzi schemes, exploitation of taxpayers (politicians), pyramid schemes - to name just a few. It was a list of people who could only be described as the parasites and the dregs of human society. The trouble was humans were so gullible, particularly the honest hard working ones, and it was those who were constantly being "ripped off" by people such as Pearl could see.
Apart from the investors Rubin was currently dealing with; on other spreadsheets there were extensive details relating to hundreds that had made money by devious and dubious means. Rubin obviously intended to use those listed as and when required, to make more money for himself.
Pearl carefully scanned and memorised all of the entries so she could retain them for future use. There was information as to how these people had made their money, names, addresses, contact details, their bank account information - even passwords and other confidential information. Much of the information was of such a sensitive nature that it could be used for blackmail. Strangely, many of them (as of course most of us would already know!) were so called respected people of society such as political leaders, bankers, company directors, doctors, lawyers, judges and more. Rubin had worked cleverly as a confidence trickster and used his criminal resources to get all this together. The dates relating to the entries extended over many years.
Pearl couldn't believe what she was seeing and talked to Lulu about various important and so called respectable individuals around the world that she had found. She realised the world financial system could be brought to its knees if ever some of this sensitive information was released. Yes what Pearl had found was more than she had ever hoped for. She smiled to herself and thought about how what she had found and retained in her photographic memory, might be used.
Half an hour passed. Pearl was checking every few minutes to see if the trustees' money had been transferred. Yes, after forty five minutes the money from the first of a total of five trustees had been transferred, then another and another. Within fifty minutes it was all there. So far so good. There was now well over three billion dollars in Rubin's Ulaikitia Company account.
At this point in time Lulu had finished printing off about half the letters and the envelopes for posting. It was quite a job as of course there were over two hundred in all. Pearl, as Rubin, set about signing the letters, one by one, putting them in the envelopes and sealing them. Pearl felt uneasy. It all seemed to be too easy. Some ninth sense told her something was wrong. 
To digress for a moment and explain. The insects of Bluefoundland had in addition to the five senses humans have, a sense of honesty, decency and logic - eight in all. Yes Pearl's ninth sense was telling her something wasn't quite right.
It was about this time that Tiger and Lily, still merged as the "brats", burst into the office with some urgency. Tiger had his forefinger over his lips and whispered. 'Shshsh - don't say anything!!'...........
To find out what this was all about we will go back to when Tiger and Lily set about locating all the cell phones to remove the SIM cards. It had taken about half an hour to rummage around and find what they wanted. They were then free to set about looking at all the things the brats had in the way of games, toys and other things that spoilt brats have! Tiger and Lily played with the toys and games and tried clothes on for fun.
Deep down, being merged with the brats had been quite a depressing experience for Tiger and Lily. Skye and Wattie were indeed bored pathetic individuals. They hated their parents, their minds were empty, they had dishonest tendencies and lacked any knowledge about the finer points of life and happiness. This distressed Tiger and Lily somewhat. They hadn't had much experience in merging with humans. The tragic state of the human psyche was becoming only too apparent to these two young bees; it was quite a sobering experience. 
Because of what they were finding, Tiger and Lily came to realise just how much they loved their parents and how wonderful their parents were to them. They confided to each other that perhaps they should be better behaved bees at the breakfast table in the mornings! Hmmm, perhaps they indeed should. Tiger and Lily hugged each other for a moment - admittedly it was a little strange doing this hugging bit while being merged with Skye and Wattie, however it was driven by a deep love for their parents and the fact that they might have been just a tad (yes just a tad) naughty at times. 
Tiger looked at his sister and said. 'I love our Mum and Dad; they are just the best bees in the world'. 
'I love them too Tiger', said Lily. 'We are so lucky to have them and they love us unconditionally. I am going to try and be a better bee'. A tear rolled down the cheek of her host Skye.
'Me too', said Tiger. 'It is just terrible the way these humans live, I don't want us ever to become like these two. Yes let's help each other become better bees. You are the best sister I could ever wish for "Fluffypants".
Lily laughed as did Tiger with the affectionate teasing!
'Agreed "Fuzzball" you are the best brother I could ever wish for too. Just call me 'Fluff!'
'Right, agreed!' said Tiger. 'Just call me "Fuzz". - They did, and the names stuck as names of affection for one another from then on. All in all, for Tiger and Lily, being merged with the two brats was possibly a great moment in their education process. 
Apart from playing with toys and games and trying on clothes, Tiger and Lily had a great time exploring the condominium. They had found that Skye's and Wattie's bedrooms were incredibly untidy.
'Mum and dad would crucify us if we made a mess like this Fluff', said Tiger. 'Tell you what let's be good bees and do a bit of a tidy up'.
'Yea Fuzz! What a great idea', said Lily smiling while giving her brother a real cool high five.
The pair worked hard for an hour or so. The two bedrooms looked so much better after their efforts. Tiger and Lily were just finishing Wattie's room when Tiger said. 'I'll just straighten that picture Fluff and that should about do it'. 
Tiger reached up to straighten the picture. For some reason it wouldn't sit straight. Tiger climbed on a chair to take a look. He didn't like what he saw. Fastened to the back of the picture was a wireless listening device. He knew what it was from what he had learnt back at the village library. The device was a little less than the size of his palm, half the thickness of a finger and had a short transmission aerial extending out to one side. There was a small red L.E.D. on the underside indicating it was switched on. 
Tiger removed what he had found from the back of the picture and showed it to his sister. He put a finger up to his mouth and said 'Shshshsh'. Then he whispered. 'I think this place is bugged, this is a wireless listening device. Let's go and look behind the pictures in the other rooms'.
The pair moved from room to room. Yes, every room they went into had one of these listening devices. Some were behind pictures, others hidden in light fittings and in or behind furniture.
'This is serious Fuzz', said Lily a little scared at what they had found. 'Someone is listening to everything we say, we need to let Pearl know, now!'
Tiger and Lily without hesitation headed straight to the computer room.....
While this was all going on with Tiger and Lily, Louie and Rose, who had been calmly watching TV while they waited for the others, had some drama of their own. It was about the time Tiger and Lily had gone to warn Pearl and Lulu. Suddenly the oak door was opened by someone who had a key. A stranger, a male in his forties came in. He acted strangely - by his movements he seemed to be in a panic. As soon as he was inside he turned around and put the security chain on the door then started ranting, raving and yelling urgently for Rubin. 'Rubin, Rubin where are you? Get out now, they know what you are doing, get your Farkin family out now they are coming to kill you!'
Louie quickly got up. He was slightly mystified on hearing this name Farkin again but that wasn't the issue, this stranger had to be brought under control. Fists clenched and glowing he merged. He managed to do this just before the person headed off towards where the others were in the office. It was a close call. 
Louie as this person sat down beside Rose and started to assimilate information as to who he was and what he was doing. Louie didn't like what he found. This person was apparently Rubin's personal fitness trainer and was known as "Dumbbell". Louie quickly learnt that Dumbbell had been bribed by the three investors - the ones they had come across with Rubin on the golf course earlier in the week. Yes Weasel, Motor-Mouth and Big-Boy had paid Dumbbell "big bucks" to arrange for listening devices to be put throughout the condominium some time ago so that they could ensure Rubin wasn't up to any funny business. 
Of course Dumbbell had free access to the condominium as a trusted employee of Rubin's. Money had "talked" and dishonesty prevailed so Dumbbell had done as the three investors had bid. Weasel, Motor-Mouth and Big-Boy had been sitting outside in a vehicle in the resort car park and had heard everything Pearl (as Rubin) and Lulu (as his wife) had said. Yes this was serious.
Dumbbell was running scared. He had been summonsed by the three investors waiting in the car park to get Rubin to meet with them on some pretext that they had some good news for him. The three in the car park had been trying to ring Rubin on his cell phone and for some funny reason they couldn't get through. Hmmm! Similarly the resort reception had blocked any incoming calls at Pearl's request so now it was up to Dumbbell to go and fetch Rubin. After what had been heard via the listening devices, the real intention was to abduct Rubin and dispose of him. Dumbbell had been threatened the same fate if he didn't cooperate. 
Right - back to the office and the sudden appearance of Tiger and Lily. Pearl realised there could be a serious problem after what Tiger and Lily had told her. Shortly after Tiger and Lily had arrived she had also heard the muffled sound of someone yelling out for Rubin, which of course came from Dumbbell in a panic. As a safety measure Pearl locked and barricaded the office door. Here they waited and listened. Pearl intended they all stay put and remain silent until they heard from either Louie or Rose. 
Pearl had a bit of a dilemma and it worried her, it was very serious. If they remained in the merged state and were attacked and killed, that would be the end. They couldn't demerge from a dead host. If they demerged now, their hosts would panic and open the door to any threats outside. Pearl was truly worried by having Lulu, Tiger and Lily with her. They all had to be ready to "demerge" at a moment's notice, she instructed them accordingly. To save the others Pearl was prepared to stay merged with Rubin and be killed. That was the sort of Queen she was. 
It was just as well Pearl had locked the doors and barricaded the four of them in. With Louie being merged with Dumbbell and trying to sort out the situation, Dumbbell of course hadn't retuned to the car park with Rubin as requested. Weasel, Motor-Mouth and Big-Boy had had enough of waiting and had arrived to sort out the situation. Now they were banging at the big oak door demanding to see Rubin. 
Louie realising the situation was very serious felt sick with the worry that his precious Lulu, his two children, and his Queen and mentor, were in danger. He had to put emotional panic to one side and think clearly. He thought about it and felt the best thing would be to demerge and let Dumbbell move on. There was only Rose and himself to merge with anyone if the necessity arose. The worry was there were three of them banging on the door. Louie wasn't sure how they would handle it. 
Louie demerged. Once Dumbbell was out of the control of Louie and Dumbbell heard the three banging on the door, he was off like a buck rabbit, out the open ranch slider he went, he was gone. "Coward" Louie thought.
Rose stood observing the situation, waiting for any instructions that might come from Louie. She took the initiative to close the ranch slider and lock it. After all, she thought, if these three can't gain access at the main door they will be around to try and gain access via the ranch sliders. Louie thanked her; his mind was on other things.
However, what Rose had done was to no avail, no sooner had Rose closed and locked the ranch slider, the three were around trying to gain access; they were baying for Rubin's blood. Within seconds they had jemmied the ranch slider open and they were in. They headed straight for the office. They knew Rubin and his wife were there as they had heard it all via the listening devices. 
Weasel, Motor-Mouth and Big-Boy meant business. The three were armed with pistols. Big-Boy banged on the office door with the butt of his pistol and started ranting and raving. 'I'm coming to get you Sole, open the Farkin door'.
This time Louie really wasn't interested in the possibility of the door having been made by Farkin or anyone else for that matter. The situation was getting desperate. He had to be careful about what he did. He had to think carefully about the consequences of any actions he might take. He and Rose could have simply moved in and hit the three of them and knocked them to the ground, they certainly had the strength to do it while in the blue nymph form. However all three couldn't be dealt with at once, they were armed and bullets could fly in panic at being attacked by something unseen. None of the insects knew if they could be affected or killed by bullets while in the blue nymph form, it was something they just didn't know and Louie didn't want to find out the hard way.  
Louie whispered something to Rose about a plan he had. Yes, Louie had an idea!
Big-Boy yelled once more. 'Open the Farkin door Sole or we shoot the lock off!' 
There was no sound from Pearl and the others which infuriated Big-Boy. 'You have been warned Sole', and he fired a shot at the door lock. Fortunately it withstood the first shot, however with subsequent shots it would be inevitable that he and his cronies would be in.
Louie urgently whispered to Rose 'let's go and carry out my idea'.
........Well, Louie saved the day with his idea and all was returned to normal. Yes Pearl and Lulu were able to finish the job they had started. How did Louie do it? All will be revealed in the next chapter. Clever Louie!

Louie the Bee - Chapter 19
A Little More Sole Searching Work to be Done.

Now for Louie's clever idea. Louie and Rose swiftly moved to where Big-Boy was trying to shoot the lock off the door to the office. The pair had to be careful to be absolutely silent while moving quickly. They had to do it in such a manner that no strange drafts of air were created by their movements and thus risk detection. 
Inside the room, behind the locked door, were of course Pearl, Lulu, Tiger and Lily. They were remaining in absolute silence under instruction from Pearl. They had heard Big-Boy's first shot at the door and there was a strong instinct, on the part of Lulu and Lily in particular, to scream. Pearl had cautioned them with a soft 'shshshsh' and had whispered. 'Don't worry, I know Louie and Rose will sort this out (this was her ninth sense talking again), we must remain absolutely silent'. Pearl's outward confidence (while hiding an inner fear) gave the others some degree of reassurance and they remained silent. 
Big-Boy by this time had raised his pistol again and was about to take another shot at the lock. The other two had their pistols ready too. It was all about to happen. 
Louie moved carefully alongside Big-Boy. Rose moved alongside Motor-Mouth. Louie and Rose both clenched their left fists so they glowed with a blue aura. They then touched Big-Boy and Motor-Mouth respectively with the blue auras. Yes it could only be described as a touching moment! After a matter of seconds Big-Boy and Motor-Mouth just stood looking confused as though they didn't know what they were doing let alone where they were. On Louie's command (he silently reached out and touched Rose as a signal to stop) he and Rose released the pressure in their fists.
What Louie and Rose had done was take these two back in time; back in time in fact to before they had learnt about what Pearl and Lulu had been up to in the office. No wonder they were showing signs of confusion. Once Big-Boy and Motor-Mouth had been dealt with, Louie clenched his left fist and quickly set about doing exactly the same with Weasel. 
Next on the agenda of Louie's plan was for he and Rose to quickly merge with Big-Boy and Motor-Mouth. Once merged, they then "ran" their hosts along the hall, out the ranch slider and around to the car park. As luck would have it (and it was the way Louie wanted it) Weasel followed. Weasel had no idea why his mates were running away, something was up; he just thought he had better go too!
On the way to the car park, when no one was looking, Louie and Rose threw their host's pistols up onto the resort roof! Believe it or not, silly Weasel did the same! Maybe he thought the police were after them; who knows.  
Louie and Rose raced their hosts to the front of the resort to where their vehicle was parked. Big-Boy and Motor-Mouth, the great overweight blobs, were totally out of breath by the time they reached the car park. They both collapsed into the front seats of the vehicle, relieved to sit down. Weasel simply got into the back seat to join his mates. This was where only an hour or so before the three had sat listening to what Pearl and Lulu had been saying over the listening devices. 
Louie and Rose moved back a short distance from the vehicle to see what would happen next. There was obviously some confusion amongst the three. It was however soon shrugged off as maybe a side effect of the cocaine or crystal meth they were on; they were all into illicit substances. Oh yes, illicit substances were just part of the moneyed culture these three belonged to. It was just the normal social behaviour at this grubby level of society. Morals didn't apply here, no; morals were invented to keep the lowly under control so they could be exploited!  
Just as Louie had hoped it would be, within moments the three put headphones on. They were back to picking up what they could hear from the listening devices in Rubin's condominium. Yes Louie and Rose had done it; they had achieved just the right amount in taking the three back in time. It was now as though the three had just arrived to listen to what our Mr Sole was up to! 
Now that things were back to "square one", Louie and Rose flew as fast as they could, back over the top of the resort, and in through the still open ranch slider of the Sole condominium. They went straight to the office. Louie tapped lightly on the door and said in a loud whisper, 'Bluefoundland, Bluefoundland, open the door'.
Immediately Pearl heard the word Bluefoundland she knew that everything was going to be alright. With a forefinger over her mouth she warned the others to stay silent. She then moved cautiously forward to open the door. The lock was stiff and it jammed momentarily due to the damage from the earlier shot of Big-Boy's. 
Pearl on opening the door couldn't see anybody (being merged with Rubin) and whispered. 'Are you there Louie? Rose?'
'Yes', whispered Louie. 'Don't let anybody say a word until I explain what has happened. Come outside on the lawn where we can talk freely without being heard'.
Pearl turned and beckoned the others in the room to follow her. Again she warned to keep absolute silence with her forefinger over her mouth.
Once out on the lawn and away from the condominium, Louie and Rose explained what was happening. The key issue now was that Big-Boy, Motor-Mouth and Weasel were back in the car park trying to pickup what they could through the listening devices. Louie explained how he and Rose had taken the three back in time so they knew nothing of what Pearl and Lulu had been saying. 
'Brilliant Louie and Rose', said Pearl greatly relieved. 'Great work you two, I can't thank you enough'.
Pearl went on to explain what Tiger and Lily had found and how they had come to warn her. 'I tell you what', said Pearl. 'Tonight when we are back home we are all going to the Cotton Club. You have been incredibly marvellous, well done all of you!'
'Yea', said Tiger and Lily in response while doing a bit of jumping up and down at the same time. Hmmm, it certainly looked strange to see the two sloth like creatures, Skye and Wattie, doing any form of physical activity! Louie warned them to be careful just in case they did themselves a mischief!
'Right', said Pearl trying to be serious. 'We still have quite a bit more work to do and we are running a little behind time. The funds need to be transferred back to the village bank and we need to finish getting the letters ready for posting. We should be done within an hour or so'.
Pearl thought for a moment then cautioned the others. 'It is essential when we go back in that we speak normally; we need to make sure we don't say anything that will alert those in the car park as to what we are really up to! 
'Lulu, you and I are going to have some fun. We are going to hold some serious discussion while we finish this job. We will talk openly about how we are looking after the investors, and how safe their investments are! Tiger and Lily, you could help our cause if you could go around and carefully remove the listening devices and switch them off. Once you have got them all, put them down the waste disposal unit in the kitchen and destroy them. Just leave the one in the office to last for Lulu and I to keep "broadcasting". 
It was on with the job once more. Louie and Rose went back to watching television. Tiger and Lily removed and destroyed the listening devices as instructed. In the meantime, in the office, Pearl and Lulu could be heard prattling on about the safeguards that had been put in place to protect the investor's money. Yes there was bright confident conversation about how there were low equity backup funds available should any investments fail. Apparently there was one billion in gold as a security measure - really hmmm! To top it all off Pearl play acted and took a call from the President of the United States. Yes the US Government was interested in placing some reserve funds with Rubin's investment company! (You've got to be joking!)
Lulu even took a call for her dear husband and said 'Rubin darling, I have some wonderful news. It's the World Business Leaders Organisation on the phone. They want to present you with the "Business Leader of the Year Award". It's scheduled for the middle of next month in Geneva. I presume you and I will be able to make it?'
'Of course darling', said "Pearl". 'I would be delighted. Just check that it doesn't clash with any obligations to our investors, they of course always come first!' Pearl and Lulu, while saying these things found it very difficult to keep a straight face and speak normally. It was sickening drivel!
Later as a precautionary measure, Louie flew back to the car park to check all was well. Big-Boy, Motor-Mouth and Weasel had departed. It had worked; they had obviously been convinced that all was kosher!
By 11.00a.m. The job was completed. Lulu had taken the letters to be posted, to reception and asked that they be stamped and sent by airmail immediately. The resort offered this type of service but to ensure it happened as required; Lulu provided a two thousand dollar tip for the reception staff. The staff were delighted! "Only too glad to oblige Mrs Sole". Pearl (as Rubin) of course knew the combination to the safe in the office so it had been easy to obtain two thousand in cash from tens of thousands that were there.
Pearl called everybody around out on the deck in the sunshine. 'Job well done team. Just one more thing to be done. Those of us merged with hosts need to quickly go about getting ready to depart by helicopter this afternoon, we have got roughly three quarters of an hour to get this done. Each of us know from the brains of our hosts what we need to do - things like pack up the clothes we are taking, Skye and Wattie you will need to whinge and moan to your parents about going at all!  - Just joking! - do all the things our hosts intended to do before departing. Before I start on the packing up bit, I am going to change the passwords on the computers. I don't want any problems if Rubin feels like checking accounts before he departs, best to be on the safe side. Louie and Rose if you could go and merge with the appropriate reception staff and ensure those letters have been posted that would be great'. 
At just before midday the team was ready to demerge from their hosts and leave. 
In consultation with the others, Lulu had organised a very special thing to be done on the way home. When they had flown in earlier in the day, Lulu had seen something she wanted to address. As part of doing this "special thing", she had gone to the safe in the office and taken out twenty thousand dollars in cash. Ensuring that no other people around could see her, she carefully stashed it out of sight under the deck outside Rubin's condominium. We shall see what Lulu was up to shortly!
Just after midday the Sole family were demerged and left to their own devices. There would be a few unexplained things such as the damaged door lock in the office door, a "small" amount of cash missing from the safe and some damage to the ranch slider where it had been jemmied open. However these things would hardly be noticed, they would pale into insignificance. There would be absolute shock, disbelief and preoccupation with the almost newsworthy event that the two brats now had tidy bedrooms! This would be enough to give Rubin and his wife a heart attack!!
Seriously though, Rubin would no doubt notice that there was money missing from the safe. The damaged door lock and ranch slider that had been jemmied open would suggest to him that there had been a break-in. It would definitely worry him but what could he do? He couldn't go and complain at the resort reception, they would get the police in. With what he was up to this would be the last thing he wanted. No what he would probably do is station one of his criminal associates (one in the shape of a largish thug) in the condominium to keep watch. Arranging this sort of thing was no problem to Rubin as money would get him whatever he wanted.
The six insects assembled (all now in the blue nymph form) on the lawn ready to fly out. They turned and looked back at the condominium and felt hatred for what the Sole family stood for and how they had made many people suffer in losing their life savings. But! It would all be remedied very soon!
Lulu retrieved the money she had stashed underneath the deck. It was time to go. The beautiful blue nymph like creatures that were invisible to humans, lifted off. Up they went, over the resort roof and away towards Weiapai. Strangely enough if anyone looked up, they could if they looked closely enough, see a bundle of money, twenty thousand dollars in fact, disappearing upwards and away, what was Lulu up to? Let's explain.
On flying in earlier in the day, Lulu had noticed a small farm, not far back from the extravagant wealth of the coastal resorts. Here there was a family scratching a living from the dry and barren land. Their crop of sugar cane had failed because of lack of irrigation water available from their wells. The draw off of water further down to irrigate the golf courses along the coast had left their wells nearly dry. The house was dilapidated; there was a broken down tractor and a tired old horse. 
On the return to Weiapai, Lulu broke away from the others and flew low over the house at the small farm. She called out 'Anybody there? Anybody there?' A man and a woman with five children came out to see who was calling them. Of course they couldn't see anybody let alone where the voice was coming from.
Lulu had noticed earlier on the flight in, that all of them had looked thin, hungry and dishevelled. Here was a chance to help. Lulu scattered the money from Rubin's safe then flew back up to join the others. The family below couldn't believe their luck as money fluttered down out of the sky. It was as though someone "on high" had answered their prayers!
The insects now high above the land cheered at what Lulu had done. They all felt happy that they were helping to make the world a better place by reversing some of the devastating effects caused by the greed of a few. 
Tiger and Lily, who as we know had been emotionally affected by being merged with Wattie and Skye, looked across at their parents who were alongside each other, and smiling to one another. Yes Tiger and Lily felt very proud of what their Mother had just done. They had definitely made up their minds that they were going to be better bees in the future. They had truly realised while being away on this trip that their parents were very special and they were just so lucky to have them.
Ahead of them, as they closed in on Weiapai, the weather was changing. Above the mountain, towering Cumulo-Nimbus clouds with anvil tops had formed. Moisture laden Northeast Trades were being driven high above Weiapai due to a combination of heat from the land, and air being forced up as it rose on the far side slopes. It was likely heavy rain would spill over to the dry side of the mountain at any moment and the team flying home would lose sight of the quartz they were heading for. 
It is not a well known fact, but bumblebees have an incredible ability to navigate to places they know of but may not necessarily be able to see. Hmmm interesting! This bumblebee "ability" - whatever it was, was likely to be very useful if it rained and our intrepid team lost sight of the quartz they were heading for. Louie himself was of course this type of bee and indeed a very clever one! 
Moths and ladybirds (person-birds) apparently don't have this ability to navigate as bees do. Knowing this was of immediate concern to Louie. Louie being the most senior bee in the group, felt he had a particular duty to take care of their Queen, Pearl, and faithful servant Rose. 
Louie could see that there could be a problem ahead and indicated to Pearl that rain was likely and he was taking control. He ordered the others to fly in single file with himself in the lead. Louie requested that Pearl and Rose fall in immediately behind, then it was Lily and Lulu with young Tiger at the rear. 'Just keep the one in front of you in sight at all times, stay close to each other and all will be well', Louie yelled.
Louie was right about the weather. They weren't far from their destination when the skies opened. Heavy tropical rain spattered over the blue nymph shaped forms as they powered on. Lightening crashed and cracked overhead. Thunder rumbled as though Weiapai was about to reawaken from years of being dormant. 
'Everything is OK'. Louie yelled above the sound of the thunder. 'We are on course'. 
Lulu, Tiger and Lily knew all would be well with what Louie was doing because they were bumblebees too and Louie had talked to them about what he knew. What clever bees. Pearl and Rose however were more than a little worried and needed Louie's reassurance.
Another massive thunderbolt cracked overhead. Pearl and Rose cried out involuntarily in fright. Shock waves from the severance of the air by the lightening buffeted them as they flew. 
On the insects went, through the driving rain, flying close in single file. With the heavy rain and darkening skies, none of them could see anything ahead apart from their compatriot immediately in front. 
For Pearl and Rose it was indeed frightening. They were flying blind, they didn't have any sense of how high they were, how close they were to the mountain and were they going to crash into it? Apart from all this it was a struggle to keep going against the heavy rain and even keep up with the one in front; this was particularly the case for Rose who was slightly smaller in size compared to the others. Louie slowed a little sensing that this might be the case. 
The ordeal of flying through the heavy rain with lightening and thunder all around them lasted about five minutes. Then within an instant, as quick as a flash, it was over. They were all back in the Stone Room, safe and sound. Louie with his clever navigation abilities had led the six of them, in single file, straight through the quartz. It was now quiet and peaceful. 
'Louie you wonderful, wonderful bee', exclaimed Pearl, tremendously relieved to be safe once more.
'You are amazing Louie', said Rose who felt the same as Pearl.
'All in a days work!' said Louie modestly. 
With that, Louie, the marvellous bee that he was and a being a bee of few words, said nothing more and selected the Ankh tile. He then selected the destination tile for the quartz at the back of the Bee Home. They were through in a couple of seconds.
It was just coming up to 1.00p.m. when they walked into the lounge. Through the lounge windows they could see the tranquillity of Lake McFarland. The crystals were glowing as bright as day. It was good to be home again.
'Louie', said Pearl. 'I just can't thank you enough for what you just did. You are an amazing bee. You keep on surprising me with the wonderful abilities you have!' Pearl smiled affectionately in the direction of the loveable round black and yellow furry shape of Louie.
Louie laughed to cover a deep sense of bashful pride with what his Queen had just said. He smiled back at Pearl and blurted out in response. 'Just another day at the office Pearl!' 
'Right' said Pearl knowing deep down she owed a great deal to this humble bumblebee. 'You are all coming to have lunch with me up at Buckingham Palace. Every one of you have done such a splendid job this morning, I owe it to you. Just give me a chance to get things ready and come up in half an hour'.
With that Pearl headed off out the front door and fluttered off up to Buckingham Palace.
Rose went off to her room to do the things that person-birds do when they tidy themselves for lunch. Louie and Lulu were about to do the tidying up bit the same as Rose when suddenly they were grabbed and hugged by Tiger and Lily. Tiger and Lily held on to their parents for dear life. There were a few tears. Tiger and Lily earnestly and almost pleadingly explained to their parents how much they loved them. They were quite worried that recently they had been rather naughty and selfish bees. After what they had experienced earlier in the day being merged with Wattie and Skye, and with what Lulu had done to help the poor farming family, they wanted to please their parents anyway they could and not give them headaches with any bad behaviour (Such as being rude and wearing Eyepods all the time at the breakfast table, or not tidying their bedrooms and making their beds!) No they certainly didn't want to end up being like the brats they had been merged with.
'It's alright you two', said Lulu laughing - but truly appreciating what was being said. She lowered her voice to a soft tone that reflected the warmth of the loving mother she was. 'Don't worry you two; it is all part of growing up. I was a rather naughty bee at times in my younger days. With what you two are experiencing and learning, you are growing up so fast. Both of you are something to be very proud of. Louie and I love you dearly and we always will, won't we Louie'.
Louie's face opened up to display one of his big loveable bumblebee grins before he said. 'Oh yes - forever'. 
At that instant, the memories and feelings from the time when Tiger and Lily had first arrived at the Bee Household, flashed through Louie's mind. He then put an arm around each of his two children. Holding them close he said. 'I am just so proud of both of you for what you did today, particularly in finding those listening devices and doing the right thing without any help from me or your Mum. We all worked as a wonderful team. You two truly are the Duchess and Duke of Bluefoundland'.
Louie then turned and hugged his precious Lulu, very tightly for a moment; there were some tears of emotion welling up in his eyes, tears of pride for the family he loved.
'Right', said Louie wiping his eyes. 'Enough of this emotional stuff! Let's get ready for lunch at Pearl's'. And they did.
Pearl put on a splendid lunch in her dining room. The dining room was part of Pearl's self contained living quarters within Buckingham Palace. Here Pearl had her own bedroom, lounge, bathroom, dining room, a small kitchen and a sunroom. A sunroom? Yes a sunroom. It wasn't particularly large but here there were full width, floor to ceiling windows looking out to the east across Bluefoundland. Not too far away on the top of an adjacent stalagmite was a large crystal glowing brightly. It flooded the room with light and warmth. It was a delightful place for a Queen to relax on days off (which were few and far between) and catch up on some reading while perhaps sipping a cup of gum leaf tea. 
We should perhaps mention that Pearl was quite an avid reader and had books stacked on shelves around the walls of the sunroom. Here there were books about gum leaves, wing maintenance, dealing with bad feeler days, why moths shouldn't keep chooks; yes you name it Pearl had it. High up on a shelf, out of the reach of small bees and such like, was even an adult section! Here there were books such as "Tiger Moth handling notes". Hmmm we won't go there! 
Put in a special place was a set of books Pearl had read when she was young, an adventure series called the Famous Hive. She also had a Dickens' section. No these books weren't by Charles Dickens; Pearl just didn't know what the "dickens" these books were about and kept them separate! Hmmm, how interesting!
After lunch Pearl had served gum leaf tea for all in the sunroom. Tiger and Lily sat close to the window and watched out over the fascinating sight of Bluefoundland below. They could see other insects going about their daily business. They could see Honourlulu Island in the distance, beyond which was Lighthouse Beach. Up behind Lighthouse Beach was beautiful bush, fields of grass and flowers and many fine trees. As far as Tiger and Lily were concerned, it looked far more beautiful than Ulaikitia - besides which it was their home and it was safe. Rose as their governess had joined the two young bees and talked about the limestone formations they could see and how the crystals worked. It was a happy peaceful scene.
While they relaxed Louie made a suggestion and gathered everybody around. 'When we go to the Cotton Club tonight, let's put all discussion about what we are doing in Ulaikitia to one side. It's quite depressing in some ways being reminded all the time about what goes on in the human world. What I suggest we do is invite the Ten Ants, Virgil and Virginia to join us. The Ten Ants can catch the six o'clock Duck Paddle Cruise Ferry and we can all meet at say a quarter past six. What do you think team?'
The others agreed, yes what a great idea of Louie's. They wouldn't be able to discuss issues relating to the quartz and Ulaikitia in front of these others, so it would be a good opportunity to relax and forget about the human issues they had been dealing with so intensely over the past week. 
Tiger and Lily were very happy with this idea as the Ten Ants were good friends of theirs. It all went back to a time when they had been very small bees. Rose was very fond of the Ten Ants too; they made her laugh with their antics. They were truly loveable little creatures who would do anything to help others.
It was settled. Louie picked up his smell phone and phoned the Ten Ants (Expect took the call). Pearl phoned Virgil and Lulu phoned the Singhs and made a booking for eighteen! Yes it was all set for 6.15p.m at the Cotton Club. Yea! 
Virgil kindly offered to pickup the Ten Ants on the way and save them having to catch the ferry. It would be so good to be all together again. Yes a special Friday night party for all of those that had taken a part in the discovery of Bluefoundland, it would be a form of reunion. It had been a couple of years since they had all been together like this.
Incidentally we have just mentioned the use of smell phones. With the advent of Bluefoundland and the necessity to have adequate smell phone communication throughout the area, the flies at FONY had come up with special units called "reoderisers". These units worked in the exact opposite way to deodorisers, that is they amplified smell wave transmissions and made them stronger. Flies as we know are good at making smells stronger. Several of these units had been placed at strategic positions throughout Bluefoundland. One of these units had been installed at Buckingham Palace and connected the inside with the outside. Consequently at Buckingham Palace it was no longer necessary to open a window in order to use the phone! A similar unit had been placed in the aperture that led to Surface Paradise and there were a couple of units up at the Chambermade Hotel. All this had been incredibly useful for Virgil and Virginia who were of course flying passengers and tourists about the place and needed to maintain communication with their booking office, the Fright Centre. As a matter of interest, when Pearl had just phoned Virgil, he happened to be flying in at the top of Chamberland Park. Yes technology down in Bluefoundland was indeed on the move. 
We digress. About mid afternoon the bees and Rose were ready to bid Pearl adieu and head back home. All had agreed while they had talked over lunch, that Ulaikitia was to be forgotten until Monday morning. On Monday they were to meet once more at the Bee House at 4.30a.m. and then head back for a final "session" with Rubin!
For Pearl, Rose and the four bees it had been a long day. They had been up since 4.30a.m. and were a little weary. A small amount of red wine with lunch had probably contributed to a slight feeling of drowsiness. To remedy the situation Pearl suggested that they all stay and relax in some of the Royal Bedrooms and have a snooze. What a splendid idea!
For a couple of hours, the six of them headed off to dreamland. There were pleasant dreams about rainstorms and clever bees, money floating down from the sky, the magic of the Stone Room and flying down from Weiapai. At about 5.00p.m. Lulu was having a dream about the farm she had flown over and dropped the money. In her dream she was with the family who had suffered the loss of their sugar crop. They were thanking Lulu for what she had done; it was a very special moment. Behind Lulu the farm tractor was getting closer and louder, it was going to run over her, oh no!! - Then Lulu woke with a start. It was alright - it was the sound of Louie snoring, what a relief! She looked at her precious bee for a moment and wondered what he might be dreaming about. Possibly honey fritters? Lulu had thought. This was Louie's favourite, some of which Pearl had specially made him for lunch. 
Ever so gently Lulu reached out and stroked his furry head. 'Time to wake up Louie'.
Louie stirred, snorted and mumbled something along the lines of 'Who pinched my fritters?'
'I just knew it!' said Lulu laughing. 'You ate them Louie'.
'Bother did I?' said Louie returning to reality. 'Oh Lulu, what a wonderful dream. Rubin's safe in his office had a hundred thousand honey fritters in it instead of money!'
'Louie you loveable bee', said Lulu. 'Always thinking about food!' Lulu gave him an affectionate shove and a squeeze.
'Time to get going Louie', said Lulu. 'It's after five, we need to go and get ready for the Cotton Club'.
'Yea!' said Louie, fully awake now and realising that the Cotton Club did indeed mean more food! 'I will go and wake the others'.
Soon everyone was awake. The bees and Rose thanked Pearl for the lunch and her hospitality. They flew home, much refreshed after the snooze, to get ready for the evening. Pearl set about making herself ready too. 
At 6.15p.m. they were all due to meet at the Cotton Club. It was a beautiful evening (as it always was in Bluefoundland). The crystals had dimmed to a twilight softness. The Bee Family together with Rose flew in from across the lake and landed on the deck outside just after 6.20p.m. They were a little late as Louie hadn't been able to find the braces for his spider silk shorts. Louie had been worried that they might have been left up at their house in Surface Paradise. But no, Lulu had found them in Tiger's room. He had been using them as a slingshot to fire apple seeds at his sister, usually when she wasn't looking!
'Typical!' Louie had thought, but he said nothing, remembering that he also was once a young bee. In addition it had to be remembered that the two young bees had promised to be good bees from now on. Hmmm, time would tell!
 Pearl arrived just a few moments later. She looked stunning as usual with her beautiful green feathery wings. However tonight she looked even more special. Around her head was a rosewood tiara on which had been attached the tiniest of fragments of quartz crystal. Louie had made it for her. Mellennium caused the crystal fragments to glow. In the subdued light of the evening, the combined effect of the tiny glowing crystals and her flashing emerald green eyes made her truly look to be the Queen of the insects. Tiger and Lily were mesmerised by Pearl's presence. They stood and looked up at her and simply said 'Wow!' 
In memory of past occasions, Lulu was dressed in her green miniskirt and matching top made from pressed dandelion leaves. Louie was wearing his yellow and black spider silk shorts that Lulu had made. He also wore a green tie and jacket that matched Lulu's dress. Tiger and Lily wore outfits made to exactly match those of their parents. Rose wore a bright red trouser suit with black spots. What a handsome lot they were!
Mr and Mrs Singh greeted them and showed them to their table. The table was an especially large one of suitable size to seat all eighteen of them. It had been placed right where Louie's table twenty- seven would normally be. The Ten Ants, Virgil and Virginia were already there. The Ten Ants were dressed in snappy little black tuxedos. Virgil and Virginia were immaculately dressed too. Virgil wore black coat and tails, Virginia a ball frock made from white lilies - just beautiful! 
Pearl sat at the head of the table. At the opposite end were the two dragonflies. This allowed them sufficient room to spread their magnificent wings. On Pearl's immediate left was the ever faithful Rose. Next to Rose were the Ten Ants. On Pearl's right was the Bee Family. The Ten Ants had cheered when they arrived. Tiger and Lily were excited about being with their friends again. Virgil proposed a toast to their Queen in recognition of what she had done to bring about the reality of Bluefoundland.
What an evening. Red wine and honey-nectar flowed freely. The food was superb. There was plenty of chocolate cake which of course the Ten Ants and the two small bees loved! Bluie Armstrong and his band were playing. The Singh children (the Cotton Singhlets) sang some beautiful melodies. Louie and Lulu danced together and remembered past times. Pearl watched them; yes they were surely the right choice to be her Prince and Princess.
It was a fitting end to a day when so much had been achieved. It wouldn't be long and some justice would be restored in the human world.

Louie the Bee - Chapter 20
No Longer a Sole Around.

It is Monday morning, the day when our intrepid team is heading to Ulaikitia to finish the job they had set out to do. Louie, Lulu, Tiger, Lily, Rose and Pearl had arisen very early and had breakfast at the Bee Home. The team, mission firmly in place in their minds, headed through the quartz to the Stone Room and have now emerged (in the blue nymph form) from the quartz at the top of Weiapai. It is 7.00a.m. Hauaia Islands Time. The six have found themselves to be facing quite thick misty cloud. The cloud in front of them is swirling down the mountain as the North-East Trades carry it away towards the coast from where they stood. It was an eerie but spectacular sight.
'What do you think Louie?' said Pearl with a degree of anxiousness. 'Is it safe to proceed from here? Can you use your bumblebee navigating magic to get us to the coast?'
'Yes I can', said Louie confidently. 'It works as long as we have been to a place before. Having been before, the path and trajectory is recallable from the navigation department of our bumblebee brains'. 
'Hmmm', said Lulu laughing. 'Why doesn't it work when you have lost your shorts and braces?'
'That's different', Louie protested, a little non-plussed by what Lulu had said.
'I know you loveable bee', said Lulu. 'Just teasing!'
'Right, let's move on from issues relating to my shorts and braces', said Louie laughing. 'I know I am sillier than I look, or is it the other way around? Who cares! Just to show you what I mean about the abilities we bumblebees have I suggest that we let Tiger lead the way this time, alright with you Tiger?'
'Yes please Dad', said Tiger honoured to be asked.
'In fact', said Louie. 'Tiger why don't you and your sister lead the way and fly side by side. Pearl and Rose, you two follow immediately behind; Lulu and I will be at the rear. I need to have a serious discussion with my wife about why bee navigating senses can't find missing shorts and braces!' They all laughed and it counteracted any fears about the heavy cloud. It looked as though Lulu might be in a spot of bother over her remarks about Louie's shorts and braces! Louie glanced over at his precious Lulu. In the Blue nymph form she looked just as beautiful as she did as a bee. No she wasn't really in a spot of bother!
Lily let out a 'Yea!' with the prospect of leading the way with her brother. The pair of young bees (or rather blue nymphs) stood side by side ready to go.
'Right', said Louie. 'Pearl and Rose, you two follow Tiger and Lily, Let's go!'
'Ready for takeoff Fluff?' said Tiger to his sister.
'It's all go Fuzz', Lily responded.
They were off. Into the swirling cloud they went. This time Pearl and Rose had every confidence in the ability of the bees to navigate. There was no need to have any apprehensions or feel nervous about how high they were or where they were. In fact it was somehow exciting flying in the cloud. They could feel some turbulence as the moist air tumbled down the slopes of Weiapai towards the coast.
They had only been flying a minute or two when they broke out of the cloud and were in brilliant sunshine. The cloud was soon left far behind as they descended to the coast. Pearl could see the resort ahead in the distance. They were right on target. "What clever bees", Pearl thought to herself. 
Once out of the cloud, the group broke formation. They could all see the resort ahead and they flew as and where they felt appropriate, while chatting amongst themselves.
'Louie', Pearl called out. 'What we are doing today is your idea; just tell us what you want us to do'.
'OK', said Louie excited at the prospect. 'Let's head for the marina. Rubin is probably getting the boat ready for the guests to arrive at 10.00a.m. The vessel he is using will be easy to find as it will be the best available, knowing Rubin. He has to do everything he can to impress these investors you know!'
'Louie when we find Rubin', said Pearl. 'I just have one job to do; I will merge with him to make sure he hasn't discovered that the investor's money in his Ulaikitia account has disappeared. The money is not due to be transferred until tonight but one can't be too careful'.
'Leave it to you Pearl', said Louie.
Within minutes the team had flown low across the top of the resort, it was then out over the cobalt blue sea with a wide sweep to the left and along to the marina. After a few circuits over the marina, it was easy to indentify the largest and most luxurious looking vessel. The one they picked stood out from all the others. It was a large motor vessel, thirty or more metres in length and probably ten metres wide, it could almost be called a ship.
The vessel had three deck levels and a massive flying bridge above a large wheelhouse. On a supporting structure at the front of the flying bridge, radar was operating, relentlessly rotating and scanning the area. Pearl wondered to herself if the radar could perhaps pick up six invisible objects that happened to be buzzing around overhead! 
The boat bristled with communications aerials; there was a large satellite navigation sphere and other sophisticated equipment. Flags that must have been just hoisted hung from a crosstree above the flying bridge. Off the stern, attached to a short Oregon mast, a huge red ensign with the name of the vessel emblazoned in gold, flopped lazily in the early morning breeze. From what the insects could see, this craft was definitely being made ready for sea. 
The boat had a white superstructure. The hull was a dark royal blue. Immaculate varnished mahogany extended along the gunwales, rubbing strakes and parts of the cabin sides. The decks had extensive inlays of oiled teak - narrow strips separated with lines of black pitch. It was indeed a beautiful craft. Strangely enough the vessel was named the "M.V. Soul Mate". Quite appropriate the insects thought.
The insects landed on a wide floating pontoon where the M.V. Soul Mate was tied up alongside. A gangway led up from the pontoon to a boarding portal at the second deck level. The smooth soft sound of onboard power generation equipment could be heard deep within the craft. There was the odd "chirrup" and chatter coming from the ship's radio in the wheelhouse
When the insects landed, it was getting on for 7.45a.m. There wasn't a soul (or a Sole) around that could yet be seen! Rubin was possibly onboard out of sight somewhere. Along the pontoon were crates and containers loaded onto pallets. Some of the containers were insulated and possibly full of chilled wines, beers and food. There was an electrically operated hoist on the foredeck. The hoist lifting hook was slung over the side as though about to be used to lift the pallets aboard. 
It was then our team heard voices up on the foredeck. Yes it was Rubin with another younger man, possibly a crew member. They had appeared through a hatch and seemed to be discussing getting the supplies aboard
Rubin was suitably attired in white trousers, a white short-sleeved shirt with gold braid on the shoulders and white canvas deck shoes to match. To top it all off he wore a white "captain's cap" with a dinky little anchor on the front - "Jolly Dee!". Pearl studied him and muttered to herself. 'What arrogance, you're no more of a captain than I'm a bumblebee!' She thought to herself once more, how thousands of ordinary people were suffering at the hands of this arrogant con and thief while he spent their money. Well things were going to be different now and it wouldn't be long before Rubin would know about it!
'Right team', said Pearl. 'I will just go and merge with our friend up there and see what he is up to'. With that Pearl flew up and did as she intended. She was back within five minutes, her brain loaded with new information. The others gathered around to listen to what she had to say.
'Well', said Pearl. 'We have nothing to worry about re the money. Rubin has no idea that the investor's money is about to disappear. He hasn't even sorted out the passwords I changed on the computers. He intends to do address that tomorrow.
'The investors that are coming out on the trip are due to start arriving from half past nine onwards. The vessel is heading off at 10.00a.m. sharp. The intention is to return late in the evening, well after sunset.
'Rubin has apparently had some experience with this craft before and will be skippering it himself. The resort offers a skipper for such occasions but he has refused on the basis of why use someone else when he knows everything! However he does have some assistance from an engineer and four deck hands that are coming along for the day.
'Apart from the crew, there are hospitality staff consisting of six bar tenders, a handful of waitresses and a chef due to arrive about 9.00a.m. They have been hired from the resort for the day to look after the guests. It's unbelievable but this whole exercise is costing Rubin more than five hundred thousand dollars! Another thing, apparently in these containers here, there is more than one hundred thousand dollars worth of food and wine! On top of all this expense he has had to agree to underwrite any damage incurred to the craft to a tune of one million. Still I suppose this is "chicken feed" in the scheme of things with the three billion plus he thinks he has in his company account!
'Well Louie, that's about all I was able to find out, it's over to you, let's give him a day he will remember!'
At this point in time, Rubin was still up on the foredeck and he had ordered the crew member to go below. He was operating the hoist and lowering the hook to pick up one of the pallets. Presumably the crew member had gone below to receive the pallets down in the foc'sle and unload them from there. Oh yes Rubin was in control, after all he had his captain's hat on and he intended to show everyone just how clever he was, it was all part of the con!
Louie on seeing what Rubin was doing said to the others. 'Just wait here for a moment'. He flew up and merged with Rubin. Louie continued to do what Rubin had been doing and picked up one of the pallets with the lifting gear. Up it went from the pontoon, across the foredeck to the hatch where it was to be lowered down into the.... What was Louie doing? Louie kept the hoist swinging around until the pallet was hanging out over the water on the other side of the vessel! Then mischievousness of all mischievousnesses! Louie dropped the lot in the sea. Oh no!
At this point Louie demerged and left Rubin to his own devices. Rubin couldn't believe what he had done. 'My Farkin wine and beer', he yelled, fuming to himself. He rushed to the side of the boat just in time to see the top of a container and a few other "goodies", disappear to the bottom - with a glug-glug-glug sound that he would probably never forget!
Rubin went white with rage, then panic. The colour of his face matched the white of his "lovely" nautical outfit. He quickly looked around to see if anyone had seen what he had done. No, fortunately apparently nobody had, however we know otherwise! In somewhat of a panic he was quickly onto his cell phone to get a few more thousand dollars worth of food and wine - to be delivered like pronto! However before the order could be placed, Louie remerged with Rubin and instructed the resort to send a container with fifty dozen bottles of soda water, one hundred dozen cans of lemonade, and for food - wait for it! - three hundred packets of ginger nut biscuits! Where did Louie get these mischievous ideas from?! 
Once this had been done Louie demerged. Our friend Rubin had no idea what he had just done. Rubin's brain told him he had done the ordering bit and he naturally assumed it was for the wine and food. Louie had of course done otherwise! Oh dear. 
Louie kindly let Rubin successfully load the remaining two containers and went to join the others waiting down on the pontoon. They had by now of course moved some distance away so that their laughter couldn't be heard! 
'Well that's a good start Louie', said Pearl. 
'Yes alright for starters', a cheerful Louie replied. 'The container of soda water, lemonade and ginger nuts should be along shortly. Could all of you keep an eye out for anyone on deck while I just do another little job. If anyone appears, fly up and merge with them and keep them "occupied" until I have finished!'
Louie then went and discretely let the mooring lines go, fore and aft. It took a minute or two to pull the vessel in and provide enough slack to lift the lines off the bollards on the pontoon. Of course being in the blue nymph form Louie had the strength to do this. 
With the vessel now unrestrained, very slowly but surely it started to drift away from the pontoon, helped along by the light breeze from the northeast. In the process the gangway was pulled off the pontoon and fell into the water with a splash. It now hung precariously down the side of the vessel, still attached at the open boarding portal. The mooring lines were dangling in the water from the bow and the stern as well. 
When about fifteen minutes had passed the vessel was fifty metres or more away from the pontoon, quietly drifting away towards the rocks of the breakwater at the entrance to the marina. This was about the time the soda water, lemonade and ginger nut delivery turned up. It was loaded on a trailer and towed by an electric golf cart that the resort had allocated to be used for such things. The delivery guy could see the vessel he was supposed to be delivering the "stuff" to, some distance away. The fact that the gangway was hanging down the port side and the mooring lines were dangling in the water suggested to him that the boat must be adrift as indeed it was! He yelled out and waved his arms frantically 'Ahoy! Ahoy! Ya bloody idiots. You are adrift, is there anybody there? Is there anybody there? This was repeated several times to no avail.
Tiger whispered to his father. 'Dad shall I go out and get somebody up on deck'.
'Good idea Tiger, go for it, just be careful', Louie responded. 
Tiger flew out to the vessel and circled around the flying bridge. He thought it best to repeat what the delivery person had said and yelled out as he flew round and around 'Ya bloody idiots! Ya bloody idiots! You are adrift!' Louie laughed to himself and thought. "Yes definitely a chip off the old block!"
Well Tiger's yelling brought Rubin straight up on deck, along with the four deckhands. On seeing the situation Rubin yelled for the engineer to get the engines started. Once the powerful twin diesels were in operation, Rubin headed for the flying bridge and took over the controls to bring the vessel back alongside. No he didn't wear a silly looking captain's hat with and anchor on it for nothing, he was taking control of the situation, or was he! 
The four deckhands stood non-plussed on the deck, awaiting any instruction from their captain. One of them yelled to Rubin. 'What about the bloody mooring lines!?'
'What about them', Rubin retorted in a panic. 'Can't you see I am bloody busy! Go hang yourself with them for all I care!'
Rubin, frustrated at being bothered by frivolous questioning from a lowly deckhand "threw" the vessel into reverse and opened the throttles. He would show how it was done, that was for sure. 
At that moment there was an almighty "TWANG - BOINGING" and an agonising graunch! The engines died! The stern mooring line had become entangled in both of the twin propellers! What next!!! - Well there was just one other minor little thing, the gangway hanging off the port side was shaken free by vibration from entangled props, and joined the wine and food on the bottom!
Rubin, in a panic, went down to the wheelhouse and got onto the radio. He put out a mayday call requesting urgent assistance from the Coastguard. Rubin needed to address this drifting business fairly urgently as the boat was slowly moving towards the rocks of the breakwater. In fact if Rubin didn't get on with it and act quickly, the M.V. Soul Mate could end up having not only portholes, but starboard-holes as well! 
Rubin was really worried about the damage that could result should the vessel hit the breakwater - it could be major. He was cognisant of the fact that in addition to any damage that might have been done already with the fouling of the propellers, there was the small issue of paying for it! Fortunately, and much to Rubin's relief, the Coastguard arrived before the vessel had drifted too far. The stricken vessel was safely back alongside the pontoon within ten minutes or so. 
As luck would have it, the Coastguard had a diver onboard complete with an aqualung and sundry diving gear. For a mere two thousand dollars (to be paid in cash much to the annoyance of Rubin who normally made promises instead of paying) the diver had agreed to free the propellers of the mooring line that was preventing the M.V. Soul Mate from going anywhere! 
By 9.00a.m. the propellers had been freed, the engines had been tested and all was well. The Coastguard had now left along with the two thousand dollars. At the time the propellers were being freed of their encumbrance, Rubin had stormed off in a temper to go and retrieve the cash from the safe in his office back at the resort. He had been highly annoyed at being told what to do by these plebs from the Coastguard, especially when they could see he had a captain's hat with an anchor on it; who did they think they were! However as far as the Coastguard crew had been concerned they had come across Rubin's ilk before. It was cash or no deal! 
By 9.15a.m. the three hundred packets of ginger nuts and other goodies had been loaded safely aboard. A representative from the resort management had been along to speak to Rubin about a certain gangway that now lay on the bottom and a mooring line that needed replacing. This little matter had soon been cleared up with Rubin signing away twenty thousand dollars to make amends. Another gangway had been found and was in place. The hospitality staff were now coming aboard. Rubin was looking a little more relaxed; the crisis he had been facing seemed to have passed!
Just before 9.30a.m, the crisis appeared to have resurfaced once again! The chef had approached Rubin and politely asked him. 'What the bloody hell do you want me to do with three hundred packets of ginger nuts, toast them or maybe you want me to use them as bar coasters!? Who's going to eat all them? Are you a nut case or something?'
'What bloody ginger nuts are you talking about?' Rubin retorted.
Rubin couldn't believe it, the chef had indeed been right; there was no food, just bloody ginger nuts, hundreds of them. It was then Rubin also discovered (after a brief word with the head barman) that there was no wine, no beer, just soda water and lemonade!
This was serious, the guests would be coming aboard any moment and would be expecting to have drinks and nibbles - oh yes. There was nothing to eat except bloody ginger nuts! Rubin got onto the resort and abused the staff for getting it so wrong. Unfortunately for Rubin the resort had, for its own protection, recorded the original conversation when the soda water, lemonade and ginger nuts had been ordered. Rubin had to eat humble pie and apologise. How could he have got it so wrong!
After much pleading, Rubin managed to arrange for the original order (expensive wines, food and beer) to be delivered. There was just one slight problem; it wouldn't be arriving aboard until at least 10.30a.m. The previous order (that now lay on the bottom of marina along with the gangway) had dwindled the resort's inventory considerably. Arrangements had to be made for additional stocks to be brought in from outside - at a premium of course! Oh dear. What was Rubin going to do with the guests until then?
Our intrepid team of insects had been relaxing on the pontoon, observing and watching the "circus" that had been going on. Rose had an idea how she might "help" Rubin with this problem of what to do with the guests having to suffer a lack of drinks and nibbles. She advised the others accordingly. She wouldn't say exactly what her idea was and headed off (in total agreement with Louie as the chief mischief maker) to do this helping bit.
Well as we know, the guests were due to start arriving from 9.30a.m. and it happened to be just after 9.30a.m. when Rose headed off to do the little job she had in mind. Three or more guests had actually arrived at this time and were wandering aimlessly around the boat wondering what was going on. Yes Rose had to move smartly with what she intended to do.
Rose was gone for about ten minutes before she was back. She explained to the others what she had done. Yes it was an extremely good idea what Rose had come up with to help poor Rubin. I guess it was just part of Rose's nature to help others!
To explain, when they had flown in earlier on in the morning, Rose had seen a notice board at the entrance to the marina. On the notice board it said "Guests departing on the vessel M.V. Soul Mate, please report to Pontoon 2". It was one of those notice boards where the pontoon number was positioned in a slide. The numbers could be selected from a box immediately below the notice. Next to the number "2" Rose slid in the number "1" so the guests for Rubin's cruise were wandering off to pontoon 12 to look for him! This gave Rubin a little breathing space to wait for the food and drink to arrive while his guests headed off on a "misguided" tour around to the far side of the marina!
It was just after 10.00a.m and Rubin was getting a little worried about nobody having turned up - that is apart from three or four who had arrived before Rose had changed the notice. Rubin headed up onto the flying bridge to see what he could see. Strangely enough he could see a whole group of people milling around near the breakwater, away on the far side of the marina. He retrieved the binoculars from the wheelhouse then went up to take another look. 
'What the bloody hell!' said Rubin out loud after recognising his guests. He could see Big-Boy, Motor-Mouth and Weasel standing there and not looking too pleased. 'What the hell is everybody doing over there?'
By the time Rubin had it all sorted out, the guests finally made it onboard at 10.30a.m. Rubin had just about had enough. He was sure someone had changed the notice board deliberately. Now there were more problems - the wine, beer and the food still hadn't arrived. The guests however managed to amuse themselves in the interim by having a sing-song, how wonderful! They sang that delightful song or rather chant "Why are we Waiting" - much to Rubin's annoyance and frustration. He was worried. If he lost the investor's confidence he would be toast! 
Things started to "look-up" about 10.45a.m. The food and drink had finally arrived and the guests were settling down, laughing and talking amongst themselves. Rubin heaved a sigh of relief. Maybe at last they could now get underway. He ordered the four deckhands to prepare to cast off. Two of them headed forward to release the bow lines, and two headed aft to release the stern lines.
'Quick', said Louie. 'Lulu and Lily you two merge with the deckhands on the bow. When Rubin commands "let go forward", just do as he commands and throw the mooring line onto the pontoon. Tiger, come with me, we will merge with the two at the stern! Pearl, Rose if you could fly up and wait for us on the flying bridge, we will join you there shortly'.
There was a degree of urgency in Louie's voice. Rubin was on the point of giving the command to cast off at any moment; in fact he had just stuck his head out of the wheelhouse window to check all was ready. 
In the wheelhouse with Rubin were none other than Big-Boy, Motor-Mouth and Weasel. These three were still annoyed at the delays and the unnecessary trek they had taken around the marina earlier on. They were beginning to have second thoughts as to whether Rubin was all he was cracked up to be and Rubin could sense it. Rubin needed to get back in their good books and demonstrate that he was in control.
Rubin had the engines ticking over beautifully. The two throttles were in positions such that the engines were in perfect synchronisation. He stuck his head out the wheelhouse window on the pontoon side and yelled. 'Leggo forward! Leggo aft!' Confirming responses echoed back from the fore and aft deck hands. 'Leggo forward! Leggo aft!' 
Rubin smiled to himself, yes all was going to be alright; they were heading off for a great day where he could tell more lies about himself! He moved to the controls and checked it was clear ahead. He picked up the intercom and advised his guests to standby for departure. Yes he was going to impress everybody with the power of this vessel that he had command of.
Rubin smoothly pushed the throttles to the near full power position, the acceleration could be felt as the vessel surged forward, driven by the twin diesels delivering more than five thousand horsepower. They were away at last..... Suddenly the vessel slowed and shuddered, yet the engines were running at full power!? Rubin pushed the throttles forward again; no they wouldn't go any further. Something was wrong. It was then that there was an agonising crunching and tearing sound followed by a bang, then mysteriously the vessel began to pick up speed again!
Big-Boy made a helpful suggestion. 'I think something is wrong mate!'
Rubin, his face as white as his captain's outfit, said nothing and stuck his head out of the wheelhouse window once more. He couldn't believe what he saw. They were doing about twenty knots with the pontoon in tow!! The whole thing had broken away, retaining piles - the lot! - and was coming with them for the cruise! Hmmm, it looked serious! 
What Louie and Tiger had done as the deckhands at the stern, they let out a lot of slack on the mooring line so that it lay under the water, then they had refastened it to the boat's stern bollard. When Rubin had stuck his head out the wheelhouse window, a brief glance told him that all was well! Of course we know the rest. The powerful M.V. Soul Mate had gained speed over a short distance until the slack in the stern mooring line had been taken up. The inertia of the large vessel then just took the lot with it! Naughty Louie and Tiger!
Well this caused all sorts of ructions. Resort management and staff had heard the bang and rushed out to see what was going on. They couldn't believe that pontoon 2, in its entirety, had gone! - or was that the pontoon they could see just disappearing out past the breakwater behind the resort's pride and joy, the M.V. Soul Mate? Surely not - but it was!
By this time Louie, Tiger, Lulu and Lily had demerged from their deckhand hosts and flown to join Pearl and Rose on the flying bridge. It was a wonderful place to sit and observe all that was going on. This cruising business was quite entertaining!
By this stage Rubin was desperate. Down the companionway from the wheelhouse he went. He sprinted to the stern and cut the pontoon loose. The guests watched in silence wondering what on earth was going to happen next. Then it was back to the wheelhouse. He opened up the throttles to full power and headed the M.V. Soul Mate out to sea. They were doing close to thirty knots. Rubin put the boat onto automatic pilot then he headed to the main deck where he instructed the head barman to fill the guests with alcohol in the vain hope of them forgetting what had happened. Rubin was hoping that by making a quick getaway, blame for the destruction of the pontoon could be directed elsewhere - backed up with a phrase he had used many times in the past "Well it wasn't me!"
Well Rubin was out of luck this time. The resort management could see what had happened. It was now a case for the police. Within less than fifteen minutes a police helicopter was out over the M.V. Soul Mate. The helicopter swept low and hovered above. Through a loud hailer, our Mr Sole was informed in no uncertain terms, that he was under arrest and to stop the vessel. Rubin had no choice but to do just that.
Five armed police were lowered from the helicopter. They boarded and immediately handcuffed a dejected looking Rubin. He knew it was the end. The police then took command of the vessel and sailed it back to the resort. It was arranged for the Coastguard to tow the now drifting and badly damaged pontoon back to where it belonged. 
For the police it ended up being a bit of a field day. The whole debacle was taken very seriously. All of the guests had to surrender their passports. Permission to leave the island of Ulaikitia was refused until such time full interviews could be completed along with mug shots, finger printing and even D.N.A. Strangely enough, as a result of all this (combined with some consultation with Interpol) twelve of the guests were identified as having warrants for arrest having committed serious fraud! Six of this lot had false passports, and one was wanted for murder! As you might have guessed, Motor-Mouth, Big-Boy and Weasel were part of this bunch and it was Big-Boy who was wanted for murder! Hmmm. Nice people.
At the time when the police took over, there were six invisible blue nymph like forms circling overhead, watching what was taking place. When Rubin had been handcuffed, that was it, it was time to go. The insects felt justice had finally been done. There was now plenty to be done back home.
It was getting on for midday Hauaia time. Pearl and Rose led the others back over the resort and then headed northeast towards Weiapai from whence they had come just a few hours before. The cloud over Weiapai had disappeared now that the sun was high. It was no problem for Pearl and Rose to lead the others back to the now familiar quartz, high up on the mountain. None of them said much, the nastiness and greed that prevailed in the human world was hard to comprehend. Each was lost in their own thoughts. Would they ever be back? Would they even want to come back after what they had seen? Nobody knew.
Once back in the Stone Room, Pearl decided that they should all take a "breather" and do something just a little different. First of all she selected the Ankh tile, then she selected the tile to emerge from the quartz high up in the chamber now known as Chamberland Park. Here, the six emerged as insects once more. Pearl and Rose flew in front; the others followed them, down to the Chambermade Hotel below. It was just after 10.30a.m - Bluefoundland time. The insects landed and sat outside the hotel in the warmth of the crystals, and had morning tea. It had been quite a morning! Pearl relaxed back on a deckchair with a delicious cup of gum leaf tea and some pollen biscuits that she dunked in her tea, ah yes this was the life! She smiled with satisfaction and looked around at the others. In particular she looked across at Louie. Hmmm, she felt certain that that naughty mischievous bumblebee must have had a plan in his mind to do what he did today, for sometime! Pearl reflected for a moment then said 'Well done team, I am so proud of you all'. 
####
It might be thought that after what had been done at Ulaikitia, well maybe that was it, the job was finished. No, it was really just a starting point in a process that was to have a profound effect on the human world.
For starters, the Reserve Four account that was originally setup to mimic a government account; mysteriously disappeared as intended. Now in its place was the    "Rubin Sole Reinstatement Trust Fund" - with well over three billion dollars in credit! The insects, on returning from Ulaikitia immediately got to work, and those who had previously had their life savings spirited away into Rubin Sole's trust accounts, had their money returned. The major ones (two hundred who had lost large amounts of money) had of course received personally signed letters from Rubin himself, saying how sorry he was. How delightfully amazing and generous of him. 
As well as word spreading, due to the receipt of personally signed letters, it was now all through the media that not only had Mr Sole been arrested in Ulaikitia and would be in jail for some time, but he had made a public, signed, written statement to the media that he was very sorry for what he had done. Not only was he sorry but to remedy the situation (and it was in writing from Rubin himself) monies were in the process of being returned to the thousands who had been mislead to invest with his company in the first place!
Once the "returning of the money stuff" had been completed, the insects set about purchasing the property (mansion) that Rubin had put on the market some time ago. Originally he had put it up for sale to retrieve some funds to sustain his lifestyle in the Hauaia Islands. There was no way he had intended to return from Ulaikitia to face the wrath of those he had destroyed. 
All our intrepid team had to do, to achieve this, was to first merge with the real estate agent who was selling the property, then the solicitors processing the sale, and the deal was done! It required some merging with others at the time, so that the property ownership ended up being in the name of an organisation that looked after the homeless.
It was fortunate that the insects had moved quickly on the sale of the property as the resort at Ulaikitia had instigated proceedings to seize it to recover costs incurred from Rubin's efforts with the M.V. Sole Mate. The money that the insects paid (from the Rubin Sole Restoration fund) went straight to Rubin's company account in Ulaikitia. Of course this was then the only money available in this account after everything else had mysteriously disappeared! The resort together with a few other deserving creditors was paid in full, and all was well. The insects were pleased that the bill for the damaged pontoon together with unpaid bills for everything from ginger nuts to thousands of dollars worth of food and wine; had been paid for. From what the insects had seen, the resort establishment was run as an honest business and there was no reason why they should have suffered at the hands of Rubin Sole.
So far so good. The mansion that Rubin previously owned now catered for the homeless. Many unfortunates in the human world now had a home and could make a new start in life. You would have thought that the residents living in neighbouring properties would be pleased with the outcome, but no, for some strange reason they weren't!
The final phase (and it would be and ongoing phase) in this process of restoration of justice, was the use of the data base that Pearl had conveniently remembered from Rubin's computer. Yes this was the one where there were thousands of names of those of a similar type to Rubin, well Rubin as he had been. The thousands of individuals that were on the list exploited others, shifted money that didn't belong to them to trust accounts and committed "legitimised" fraud. It was a list of those who worked in an underworld of deceit and lies. Through having money the people whose names were on the list presented a front of respectability. The insects had, ever since they started to gain knowledge about the human psyche in the village library, felt it to be a strange aspect of human society that many (although not all) of those who had money (lots of it) were very clever at being devious, yet had little intelligence and contributed little to the good of society. Many of these devious types were revered and even given titles and awards for goodness sake - and they felt they were above everybody else! At the opposite end, those who had modest amounts of money, who were intelligent, humble and contributed greatly to society, seemed to go unrecognised - yes truly most strange. 
We digress. Now that Pearl had this list, it became a means to make major changes in how "the devious" operated around the world. On a random basis, those on the list were "investigated" for any misdemeanours by which others had been exploited. This was quite easy to do because of the extensive details of addresses, bank accounts, trustees and other useful information that Rubin had collected. 
The insects thought that the list should have a name. After all they would be referring to it frequently for some time to come. It was actually Rose that thought of a good name - yes "Swindlers' List". To the insects, they felt this could be a list that could save many humans from a great deal of suffering. 
Depending on what the insects found on investigating those on Swindlers' List, details were passed on to the appropriate authorities, of fraud, tax evasion, money laundering, illicit drug dealings to name a few. Additionally illicit transfer of money or property to trust funds was smartly reversed or in some cases funds were mysteriously made to evaporate! 
And how was all this done? It was just simply as they had done with Rubin; it was a case of merging with those concerned, finding out what their intentions were, and taking the necessary action.
Incidentally, Rubin Sole spent two years in a Ulaikitia jail. After that he was never heard of or seen again. Maybe some disgruntled investors got to him in the end, who knows! One thing was for sure, he never made it to the Bahamas! 

Louie the Bee - Chapter 21
Another job to be done.

It is now the last month of winter. Most of the insects still remain down in Bluefoundland, enjoying the warmth and perfect living conditions. Up in Surface Paradise it is still cold and there are days of wind and rain. Spring is not far away however, it won't be long and the Factory will start operating full time again. Once spring arrives some insects will move back up to Surface Paradise for the sunny days as and when they feel like it. 
Today is Monday. Several weeks have passed since Rubin Sole had been dealt to. The project at Ulaikitia bonded the Bee Family, Rose and Pearl together as a unified force. Tiger and Lily, although very young bees, were now truly part of a team that worked tirelessly under the leadership of their Queen Pearl Baker-Moth. This was to not only to look after the interests of the insects of Bluefoundland but to contribute to making Planet Earth a better place to live for both humans and insects. A name was needed for this intrepid team so that if a meeting was called it wasn't a meeting of Louie, Lulu, Rose, Tiger, Lily and Pearl. It became a little tiresome repeating these names all the time, not only for the insects but the author as well! A collective name was needed. 
All manner of names were bandied about such as the "Blue Winged Warriors", "Blue Nymph Brigade", "Royal Air Force", "Baker-Moth Team" - no it needed something simple that was snappy and reflected the powerful force that indeed they were. It was Pearl who came up with a name in the end. From what Pearl could see, everything they did, related to their ability to transform via the quartz. From then on they collectively referred to themselves as the "Quartz Corp"!
Every Monday, sharp at 10.00a.m. (unless there was any other urgent business or maybe Louie couldn't find his shorts) the Quartz Corp met at Buckingham Palace. The primary purpose of this weekly meeting was to go through Swindlers' List and pick out the names of suitable targets. These "targets" would be paid a visit and have their lives "rearranged" in such ways to make the world a better place - as we have touched on previously.
We remember that it was Pearl who originally had Swindlers' List embedded in her brain. It was her that did the original mental scanning of Rubin's computers. However now, all members of the Quartz Corp had copies of Swindlers list in their brains and could refer to the list in detail and discuss as required. This had of course been done by using USB connections and data transfers as explained back in Chapter Two.
Just as a matter of interest, missions initiated from Swindlers' List, varied with factors such as complexity, safety and urgency. For the simpler jobs, it was appropriate for Rose, Tiger and Lily to handle them. For complex missions the whole of the Quartz Corp were usually involved. If there was any danger, Pearl herself would insist on going as first in command, usually accompanied by Louie and maybe Lulu.
On this particular Monday morning at the Swindlers' List meeting, it had been decided for Rose, Tiger and Lily to head off to do a relatively simple job. Yes it was in relation to a certain politician who happened to think that it was no big deal to "swan" off around the world with his family in tow and put all expenditure, airfares the lot, on a tax payer funded credit card! This politician and family were due to leave on their little jaunt within twenty four hours. This case was to be dealt with by simply merging with the politician, arranging to have the credit card cancelled, then sending a personally signed document to the local media outlining every little detail (in this particular case fifty thousand dollars) of tax payer's money that had been squandered over the past six months! Of course while the particular politician and his family would be away there would be no funds available on the tax payer funded credit card. Additionally the media would have somehow got hold of details of all sorts of naughty expenditure and published it! It never took long for such persons (while on their lovely holiday) to find out they were in the media back home. It was a bit of a worry! Gradually with the Quartz Corp on the job, politicians around the world were grasping the concept that they, yes they the politicians were employed by the tax payer and they were in fact servants, not the other way around. 
It's interesting to reflect for a moment on this point, where in the human world politicians are in fact employed by tax payers. Of course over time the politicians have become extremely greedy and have extorted more and more from the poor tax payer for their so called "services". In the insect world there were no such things as taxes. Services such as what the Quartz Corp provided were enacted with the underlying motive to help others. Hmmm, what a refreshing difference! 
Back to the meeting. Rose, Tiger and Lily had headed off through the quartz via the Stone Room at about 10.45a.m. to carry out their task. They intended to be back, sometime late afternoon, in time for tea. Louie, Lulu and Pearl who remained, were about to close the meeting and get on with the day, when Lulu raised an issue she was quite concerned about.
'Just before we go', said Lulu. 'There is something that has been happening in the human world for some time that maybe we should address. While we are quietly working away with those on Swindlers' List we can perhaps take the time to tackle other issues. I was thinking maybe we should look at the area of drug abuse, in particular methamphetamines, Ecstasy, cocaine, marijuana and such like. 
'I know humans have the right to use these substances as they feel fit, it's probably really none of our business if they want to destroy themselves. However it is not the users that I am thinking of. It's the suppliers who use the power of addiction to extract money from the users. To me this is the problem that needs addressing, not the actual use. So much misery is caused, lives are destroyed, people suffer long periods of depression in trying to withdraw - perhaps human civilisation is nearing the end, it's hard to know. In some ways these suppliers are similar to those on Swindlers' List, the motive is money at all costs - money irrespective of the abject misery and even death of those afflicted with these terrible addictions. Unfortunately the problem doesn't end there either. Those addicted then steal and even kill others to get the money to feed their habit. The whole thing is an unbelievable blight on human society'.
'Oh well done Lulu, you are right', said Pearl. 'In fact if we could find out some of the names of these suppliers we can simply add them to Swindlers' List and deal with them over time'.
'You know', said Louie pensively. 'These humans have two options to knock this problem on the head. One option would be to legalise what are currently illicit substances. However as has been seen with alcohol, the human society isn't responsible and self disciplined enough to do so. If discipline and respect for others (as we have) could be instilled in human society this option would probably work. This leaves the second and only option, and that is to make these substances illegal. However humans can't even get this right! In trying to keep things under control they keep punishing the users and nothing is done about the suppliers. Let's face it; many of the users are so heavily addicted that no matter what punishment is applied, they will still be a user. To me, in apprehending a user, all that has to be done is insist that the supplier be identified and put these scum away, forever! Let's face it, users must know where they get the stuff from, it doesn't just materialise out of thin air! It would be easy enough to adopt a policy that when users have been apprehended, they go free if the supplier is identified, otherwise apply a mandatory five year jail sentence! I am sure the users would rather go free than spend five years in jail. It's fairly obvious if there were no suppliers the problem would be solved!' 
'Yes you are so right Louie', said Pearl. 'I don't really understand it either why humans don't do just as you have suggested. It's the manufacturers and the "top of the chain" suppliers who are destroying the very fabric of human society. We have seen the end- result in the City; the streets are full of illiterate monosyllabic zombies who have no inclination to do anything because of the substances they are on. It's really sad that many hundreds of thousands can no longer contribute to human society because of substance abuse. Additionally, the resulting ill health of users (organ failure, memory loss, apathy, premature ageing) means non users have to pick up the increased healthcare tab in the way of taxes - together with suffering  increased theft and violence. If the numbers of users keep on increasing, a complete breakdown of human society may not be too far away just as you have said Lulu. If a complete breakdown does occur, resulting vigilante groups, anarchy and warring between factions is very likely to affect us too. We need to do something if we can'. 
Pearl was as mystified and angry as was Louie, and let out a sigh of disbelief and frustration. 'I guess we will never know why it is that humans can't think rationally and co-operate to save their own society. I guess it will never happen while greed and dishonesty prevail. Hmmm - I must stop ranting and raving about it. Now that we have raised this issue, any ideas you two as to what we do about it?'
Louie had one of those mischievous smiles on his face, similar to that seen at various times when they had been dealing with Rubin Sole (amongst other things).
'Louie you naughty bee!' said Pearl. 'You are up to something again'.
Louie laughed and then responded to Pearl. 'Hmmm, I really don't know yet Pearl but let's see what we can do, we may ultimately have an opportunity for a little fun! The important thing as I see it is, we do actually have an easy means of finding out who the suppliers are, then we can decide what we do with them'.
'How Louie?' Lulu and Pearl exclaimed simultaneously.
'It's like this', said Louie. 'All we have to do is visit the Big City one night; drop into any of the night clubs and merge with some of the patrons. Many are likely to be on methamphetamines, Ecstasy, cocaine etc. These idiots use these drugs so they can party on for hours before collapsing, I have read all about it in the village library and on the internet. On merging with these people we could soon determine the source of these substances. In fact we may find that many are using the same supplier. It's even possible, although probably unlikely, that some suppliers will be "mingling" at these night clubs (taking advantage of the hyped state most of the patrons are in) to sell the stuff. From what I have read, these are likely to be small time Ecstasy suppliers. No doubt we will find out'.
'Brilliant Louie', said Pearl. 'That certainly is a great idea to pay a visit to night clubs'.
'I agree', said Lulu. 
'Well; good work team', said Pearl. 'You two have obviously thought a lot about it. I like what I am hearing with your idea Louie; I believe we can do a lot of good. Another thing, if we find significant numbers involved, particularly in the supply area, their names and contact details can go onto our Swindlers' List. They can be dealt with as and when we feel like it'.
Pearl thought for a moment then said. 'How about this Saturday night, you two accompany me to the City. It's hard to know if there are any dangers involved and I would feel happier if Rose stayed back here with Tiger and Lily. What do you think?'
'That's fine by us, isn't it Lulu', said Louie.
'Yes good idea', said Lulu. 'I am all for it'. 
'Right', said Pearl, now fired up with the prospect of what they were about to do. 'Let's head for the City on Saturday at midnight. "Things" should be swinging by this time. There are several quartz locations within the City from where we can emerge. Then we can fly over the City until we find what we want'. 
It was settled, another exciting little "project" was about to unfold.
Being lunch time it was decided to see what the weather was like up in Surface Paradise and perhaps have a bite to eat at the Nest Cafe. No, at the aperture where they exited from Bluefoundland, the insects found there were gale force winds from the south with driving rain and hail! In fact the rain was so heavy and the wind so strong that Louie and Lulu commented to each other they hoped their little house by the stream would be alright.
Once more it was appreciated just what an incredible place Bluefoundland was. The three headed back down, deep below the surface. With the light from the crystals it was warm and "sunny" in total contrast to the conditions up in Surface Paradise. Lake McFarland sparkled as if it was a midsummer's day. The trio headed low across the lake to Honourlulu Island and the Cotton Club for lunch. Here they were warmly greeted by Mr and Mrs Singh and the five Cotton Singhlets. Yes indeed, what a wonderful place, deep below the surface of Planet Earth!
####
On Saturday night, at the bewitching hour of midnight, Pearl flew down to the Bee Home from Buckingham Palace. There was a hushed silence over Bluefoundland. The only sound that could be heard was the gentle "shshshsh" of water flowing over the dam. Apart from Louie and Lulu, who were waiting for Pearl to arrive, it appeared that all the insects were in their homes sound asleep. The lights of the crystals had dimmed to a level equivalent to that of the moon part way through the second quarter. It was pleasantly cool now that the crystals were emitting less heat. Pearl, in the near darkness, glided down and landed outside number twenty-seven; the Bee Home. She had been easily able to identify it from the distance (out of the hundreds of homes) as it was the only one with lights still on. Before she carefully pushed the door open, she glanced behind her and back across Lake McFarland. The lake, apart from long silver lines emanating from the faint points of light where there were crystals at the top of stalagmites, was a smooth glassy black. Occasionally there were patches of shimmer on the lake where the air moving up the cavity gently rippled the surface. Pearl sighed with pleasure.
Inside, the three spoke in hushed voices. Rose, Tiger and Lily were asleep. There was an air of excitement in being up late and having a job to do. They carefully tiptoed to the store room and to the quartz crystal face. Then it was through to the Stone Room and on to the Big City. 
The three emerged from quartz located in a park on a hill, not far from the City centre. The hill was actually a low extinct volcanic cone that had been formed thousands of years ago. Now it was a beautifully landscaped area of trees, lawns and flowers, not that our team could see much of this at night. 
It was a magic sight flying down from the hill. The sky was clear and the air was frosty and stars could be seen clearly. The constellation Orion was just above the horizon to the east. Orion's belt was a stark reminder of what the three had found about their origins, together with the Great Pyramid and the Aliens. 
The City was a blaze of lights and was humming with night-time activity. Tall buildings stood proud like black boxes sprinkled with diamonds. The buildings towered above streets where pinpricks of car lights were constantly on the move. Above many of the buildings were ghostly columns of vapour from air-conditioning units - rising and melting into the night 
Hundreds of neon signs right across the City flashed incessantly, displaying bright coloured tubular messages. The insects couldn't help being impressed by what humans had created. They were very clever in some things and very, very dumb in others.
The insects flew down and along the canyons between the tall buildings in search of night clubs. None of the humans below noticed the invisible blue nymph like forms flying above. Below in the streets there were the usual flashing lights of police cars and the sound of sirens. The odd bar fights had spilled out onto the pavement. The sounds of Boy Racers with loud exhausts, pierced the night relentlessly, yes humans were behaving normally! 
In all, the three visited four night clubs. It took just over an hour to merge with a little over fifty patrons, thirty of whom were found to be using illicit substances. As we recall this wasn't the crux of the problem, no it was where these users were getting the substances from. 
The merging with the users revealed three major intermediate suppliers. As had been thought previously, it wasn't information about "top of the tree" suppliers, importers, or manufacturers they were finding, and there were no suppliers of any significance actually present at the nightclubs.  However Quartz Corp now had addresses for these three intermediate suppliers available for further investigation; this would be enough for a start. 
It was interesting that in being merged with the users, no names or faces were revealed. There were just mental images of places (specific addresses) where money was passed through a "hole in the wall" in return for drugs. Later on in the day (after returning home and having a good sleep) Louie, Lulu and Pearl intended to go through to the village library and study street maps that were available. Using the maps would enable them to find out where these three addresses were. In particular where they were located in relation to the quartz they exited from on the hill in the Big City. Once this was known, the next stage in their follow-up would be to fly (in the blue nymph form) to these intermediate supplier locations and see what they could find. The first thing to do would be to merge with this level of supplier and see if any information could be gleaned as to where the substances were originating from. 
With the job done, the insects headed back and arrived at the Bee Home a little before 2.00a.m. Pearl stayed for a night-cap of hot dandelion milk. The three sat in the lounge of the Bee Home, Louie had turned the crystal lights off and lit beeswax candles and they talked for an hour or more about their own lives and how they contrasted to human lives. It was of comfort to know they now had Bluefoundland, deep below the ground as a refuge. No matter what humans got up to in their world, the insects now felt relatively safe. It was after 3.00a.m. when Pearl stifled a yawn, said goodnight and headed back to Buckingham Palace.
Two days later on the Monday, at the weekly Swindlers' List meeting, it was agreed that Louie and Lulu would go and investigate the supplier locations that had been obtained on Saturday night. It was decided that Louie and Lulu should go because Pearl wanted to deal with a certain highly respected lawyer who had been laundering money for the underworld, just another minor job on Swindlers' List. Yes Pearl intended to take this launderer to the "cleaners" by revealing all to the police and media. Tiger and Lily had been quite good bees lately and as a reward, Rose was going to accompany them to Lighthouse Beach for the afternoon as a special treat! So, it was up to Louie and Lulu to check out the illicit substance suppliers.
At the conclusion of the meeting, Louie and Lulu headed to the Stone Room and emerged in the blue nymph form from the hill in the Big City (same as they had done on Saturday night). It was a pleasant sunny day so Louie and Lulu spent a little time cruising around, watching humans far below go about their daily business. Louie and Lulu were always fascinated by the streams of cars along the streets and motorways and the hundreds of people walking around in the City centre. Where on earth (they wondered) were they all going and what were they doing! 
When the sightseeing bit had been done, Louie and Lulu visited the three supplier locations and found them to be just as their hosts (the users) at the night clubs had visualised them - a "hole in the wall" scenario. All of the supplier premises were located on back sections, down long driveways away from public view. There were security cameras on the tops of poles recording every movement. 
To merge with the suppliers, Louie and Lulu had to get them to come outside. To do this they had to resort to a bit of cunning. It was no good just knocking on the door, no - nobody answered! A good trick was to go and find the meter box and turn the power off - this worked every time! Especially when Louie (the mischievous bee he was) pulled out all the fuses and threw them over the fence into a neighbouring property. This inevitably brought someone out who would stare at the meter box in disbelief and give either Louie or Lulu plenty of time to merge! Amazingly all three places they visited had dogs that would have eaten any visible intruder alive. Hmmm, must be hiding something our two bees thought.
On having merged with all of the three suppliers, Louie and Lulu found that at the "top of the chain" was one main distributer. Unfortunately this distributer (as with the users) had no visual contact with the middleman suppliers and there were no names and addresses involved. The distributor used the same anonymous "hole in the wall" system for delivery and cash exchange.
Louie and Lulu also found that the suppliers referred to the" top of the chain" distributor as the "Wherehouse". No we haven't made a spelling mistake here; it wasn't the "Warehouse", no no. It was just that the intermediate suppliers didn't know where the location of "top of the chain" distributor was, so it really was the "Wherehouse", and this is how the "top of the chain" distributor was referred to! Hmmm.
Through merging with the intermediate suppliers, Louie and Lulu discovered that the Wherehouse did daily deliveries to keep up with demand. Users were coming and going all the time. As luck would have it, there was due to be a drop-off of fresh supplies within half an hour. Louie and Lulu sat and waited.
The waiting paid off. A smart looking yellow and red van with ladders on the roof arrived. On the side was painted C. Moore Window Cleaners Ltd. A thinish man with long hair (Louie and Lulu could see it was a wig) dressed in white overalls leapt out of the van and retrieved a box out of the back. He looked around carefully then moved quickly to the "hole in the wall". Some sort of code word was exchanged then the box was handed over for cash in return. 
'That's no window cleaner', Louie exclaimed, whispering to Lulu. 'He's just made a delivery!'
The man then started heading smartly back towards the van. Before he could reach it Louie had merged. Lulu waited by the hole in the wall just in case she could see or hear anything useful. Lulu knew Louie had merged and could see that the man was now heading back towards where she was waiting. 
Louie as the man, whispered loudly and urgently to Lulu. 'Lulu I am going to stay merged and let this guy drive to where he has come from. You fly above and follow'.
'Will do Louie', said Lulu.
Lulu, who was just as mischievous as Louie, felt that as a departing gesture she should express her hatred for what was going on. Nearby was a garden hose. While Louie was returning to the van she put the end through the "hole in the wall" and turned it on full! She couldn't be too sure, but she thought she had heard that word "Farkin" that they had all heard on a certain golf course some months ago. Hmmm, strange! By now the van was off back down the driveway and away. Lulu took off, flew above Louie in the van and followed him.
About a quarter of an hour away, the van reached its destination. It stopped outside a set of high, wrought iron, electrically operated gates. The gates were powder coated black and somehow gave the message by their appearance that there were some ominous secrets on the other side. The gates opened on command from a remote control the driver (Louie) had in the van. The van went on through the gates to a huge property fenced with high stone walls. Extending along the top of the walls was an electric fence for additional security. 
After the van had entered, the gates closed quickly and silently behind. Six or more vicious looking dogs roamed immaculately manicured lawns. The dogs barked at the van as it moved on up a fine pebble driveway and past a three story house constructed of smooth white masonry. The house, which was to the left of the driveway, was a mansion. A huge rectangular pool with fountains that was flanked by slim conical trees, extended out from the main entrance. Over to the left of the house were a tennis court and a summer house - how lovely. Expertly placed plants, shrubs and gardens created a guise of wealth and even a touch of aristocracy. "Hmmm, charming", Louie thought to himself, now knowing more having merged with the driver of the van. 
Louie brought the van to a stop at the rear of the house on a wide brick cobblestoned turnaround area. Here there was a ten car garage that was annexed to the house. One of the remotely controlled doors was slowly opening. Once open the van moved in. 
Louie stayed merged with the man and kept the garage door open. He then got out and walked to the open door. He called out in a loud whisper. 'Are you there Lulu?'
'Here Louie', Lulu replied as she landed outside on the cobblestoned area. 'Everything alright?'
'Yes, couldn't be better', Louie responded. 'I have learnt quite a bit. It's as we surmised, this guy is an importer, manufacturer and distributer of illicit substances. You wouldn't believe it, his name in real life is the Reverend Marcus Fuddlemud! He puts in an appearance in the so called "respectable" world once a week on Sundays! Most of the week "his holy deviousness" is busy right here. The front for his wealth is his church. He runs it. Apparently it's known as the Blesstifano Pentecostal Church'. 
To Louie, now knowing all about his host, Pentecostal was entirely the wrong word; it should have been "Plenty Costal". Yes it cost the faithful members of Fuddlemud's congregation plenty being tithed to fifteen percent of their earnings!' Louie conveyed his thoughts on the matter to Lulu.
'That's terrible Louie', said Lulu, her voice showing a tinge of despair. 'I just can't believe that human beings can be so dumb and so devious'.
'That's not all', said Louie. 'At the back of the garage here is a "P" lab and distribution centre. From what I am learning, Fuddlemud employs a deaf-mute named "Stone" to run it and in particular manufacture crystal meth for him. Presumably Fuddlemud employs a person such as Stone so he won't talk. It really is quite awful. We are certainly going to have to do something about it'.
Louie and Lulu looked around at other vehicles in the garage. Apart from several luxury cars there were courier vans, electricians, plumbers and other service vans; all a front for making deliveries.
'What about Fuddlemud's wife, does he even have one?' Lulu asked.
'Yes he does', said Louie. 'She is a very timid woman. She is forbidden to come anywhere near the garage or the lab and is terrified of her husband the poor thing, he is a cruel man. However, apparently she is a deeply religious woman and is happily involved in doing things for the Blesstifano Pentecostal Church. She writes her husband's sermons amongst other things. Another thing while I think of it, apparently Stone lives out here in rooms connected to the lab. Mrs Fuddlemud is totally unaware of his existence'. 
After having a good look around the garage and not finding much Louie said. 'What I suggest we do now Lulu, is let's go and look inside the lab to see what this Stone fellow looks like and see what else we can discover'.
The invisible Lulu followed Louie (Louie still as Fuddlemud) to the back of the garage where there was a secret panel set in a concrete block wall. To the uninitiated it appeared to be just solid block wall. To the left of where the secret panel was located was an inconspicuous looking small glass panel. It was not unlike a burglar alarm sensor. However it wasn't; it was a finger print scanner. Louie held his forefinger over the sensor and there was a flash of ultra violet light as the scanner did its verification job. Incredibly a whole section of the wall receded and swung to the left revealing the lab behind.
Louie and Lulu went through. On entering, Louie waved his finger over another sensor, and the wall closed once again behind them, of course he was just doing what Fuddlemud would have normally done. Inside it was amazing. Louie and Lulu could only stop and stare. Before them was a large rectangular room filled with sophisticated chemical equipment. Around the walls there were storage shelves with bulk quantities of brightly coloured pills and tablets of all sorts in large glass containers - possibly Ecstasy tablets along with "P" precursors such as Ephedrine tablets. There were other nasty substances such as red phosphorous. Along the wall to the right were steel framed racks on which could be seen large glass dispensers containing liquids. These had labels displaying hydrochloric and sulphuric acids, caustic soda, acetone and ethyl ether - all the essential ingredients for a sophisticated "P" lab operation. 
In the centre of the room there was a long stainless steel bench that ran from left to right. On the bench were what appeared to be stainless steel vats interconnected with glass tubing. Something inside some of the vats bubbled and emitted wispy vapours that rose and were whisked away by a ceiling extractor. Rows of test tubes in racks stood along the stainless bench. A couple of Bunsen burners hissed softly as they heated strange chemical solutions in glass beakers. A strong smell of acetone mixed with the odours of other pungent chemicals filled the air. There were no windows but there was bright fluorescent lighting. The floors, walls and ceiling were white and sterile. It was like something out of a horror movie. 
Through the far wall was an opening that looked likely to be access to living quarters. This would no doubt be where Stone lived. To the left was a door to an office. The office had windows facing into the lab. Through these windows could be seen several computers, a huge walk-in safe and a couple of desks. On the far wall of the office was a whiteboard on which were listed what looked like dates and delivery schedules. 
Louie and Lulu moved cautiously further into the room and around to the other side of the bench. Hidden behind the line of vats they found Stone. He was an absolute fright to behold. He sat on a high stool at the bench and was waving a test tube over the flame of a Bunsen burner. The test tube contained a bright red solution that he was studying closely with fiendish delight. The name Stone possibly came from being stone deaf. He had on a white coat that had numerous chemical stains along with holes burnt from acid and caustic spills. He had long shoulder length unkempt grey hair; he was probably in his late fifties. His front teeth were missing apart from his eye teeth. A good name for him would be Dr Death or maybe even Dracula! Whatever or whoever he was, he was a macabre sight. The whole scene was like a bad dream. 
Stone on seeing Fuddlemud (Louie) turned and grunted like an animal, he slowly cracked a spine chillingly evil smile. He couldn't speak a word; there was a chalk board on the wall where Fuddlemud and Stone obviously communicated in writing.
Lulu on seeing Stone almost cried out "help" and desperately wanted to hold on to Louie. However she knew that Louie was in control of Fuddlemud so it should be safe enough. Besides which she could merge with Stone and keep him under control if there were any problems. Normally Lulu would have felt compassion for a human who was deaf and couldn't speak. Not this evil creature though. No not someone who was deliberately contributing to the misery of so many others.
By now it was getting on for late afternoon. For Louie and Lulu it had been quite a shock to take in what they were seeing. It was evil and repulsive. Louie whispered to Lulu. 'Come outside where we can talk'.
Outside the lab in the garage, Louie said. 'Time is getting on, let's call it a day. What I would like to do is think about what we have seen. We need to be careful and not make any mistakes. Fuddlemud and Stone are dangerous. It would be good to discuss what we have found together at home tonight and mention it to the others'. 
'What's your plan now Louie?' said Lulu.
'What I would really like to do', said Louie in response. 'Is come back tomorrow and get into those computers. From what I can tell, Fuddlemud's intention is to be here in the morning and work with Stone to get a "P" batch completed. It would be an ideal opportunity to come back then. It could be helpful to find out where Fuddlemud is getting his chemical supplies; maybe we can do a bit of mischief. It seems he brings in Ecstasy tablets amongst other things, hidden in containers of bibles and candles for his church! Fuddlemud also has a holiday home by the sea where yachts and other craft bring in Ecstasy by the ton from overseas. It's a simple operation; these boats meet with ships in mid ocean then sail here and bring stuff ashore before clearing customs at the main port. What a ratbag! Actually from what I can tell, the mainstay of Fuddlemud's operation is not the manufacture of "P" but the huge amount of Ecstasy he brings in. The manufacture of "P" and substances like Crack are more of a sideline at the moment but it's growing! Incidentally, don't feel sorry for Stone, he is just as devious as Fuddlemud and Fuddlemud pays him well'. 
Louie demerged from Fuddlemud outside the garage. Initially Fuddlemud was a little confused as to what he was doing. However he shrugged it off as a non-event then quickly moved back inside the garage and went to the side of the van. Here, he removed his wig, opened the driver's door and threw the revolting looking hair-piece in ready for use on another occasion. The removal of his wig revealed a shiny bald head surrounded by a three quarter "halo" of greying brown hair just above ear-level. His hair stuck out like the bristles of a well worn paint brush. He was not unlike a thin version of Friar Tuck of Robin Hood fame - very much the "man of the cloth" look! 
Fuddlemud closed the garage door and he was gone from view. Louie and Lulu took off then flew back across the City to the quartz on the hill; from here it was back to the Stone Room. After what they had both seen it was good to go home. When they arrived, Tiger Lily and Rose were back from a delightful afternoon at Lighthouse Beach. It was hugs all round. Louie and Lulu were truly, truly thankful that they didn't live in the human world! 
A little later, Louie phoned Pearl on his smell phone, and let her know what he and Lulu had been up to. She agreed with Louie's idea for he and Lulu to return and gain access to the computers and see what could be found. Pearl also agreed that they didn't need anyone else to go with them; they only had Fuddlemud and Stone to deal with.
Both Louie and Lulu were tired and hungry after their day merging with the suppliers and subsequently the follow-up process to locate Fuddlemud's operation. They hadn't even had time to stop and have lunch. They sat and relaxed in front of Fly TV while sipping on some of Louie's fermented honey-nectar. This was while Rose, Tiger and Lily were putting together the evening meal. Louie put his arm around Lulu and said. 'Lulu please goes and put your pink ribbon on'. Lulu obliged and was back in a flash. 
'You look beautiful Lulu', said Louie. 'Just like the day we met!'
'Aw shucks Louie', retorted Lulu. 'I think some of my yellow stripes might have faded a wee bit!'
Louie laughed and held Lulu close to him then said. 'They look pretty good to me my precious bee! Anyway isn't it quite wonderful sitting here together, totally safe and to be well away from what we have seen today. What a wonderful young son and daughter we have, not forgetting dear friend Rose who has done so much in helping with their education'.
Lulu was about to respond when Tiger poked his head around the kitchen door and said. 'Another fermented honey-nectar you two?'
'Yes please Tiger', Louie responded eagerly, with which he gently kissed Lulu, sighed a deep sigh and smiled a big smile! Nothing more was said as Louie and Lulu reclined, honey-nectar in one hand, the other arm around each other, and relaxed after the hard day. Both had soft smiles of contentment. They both reflected on how Tiger and Lily were growing up to be fine young bees, and how they were so proud of them.

Louie the Bee - Chapter 22
Louie and Lulu do a fine job.

The next morning, Tuesday, the Bee Household was up having breakfast at 7.30a.m. Tiger and Lily were having their usual Special Bee Cereal. We remember of course this was very good for wings and things (this is what it said on the packet - yeah right!) - and not forgetting that it was apparently particularly good for young bees.
Louie, Lulu and Rose were having over-easy spider eggs on gum leaf toast. The toast happened to have lashings of dandelion milk butter as well - yum! This was accompanied by Louie's favourite tea, PG Tips. This was usually the tea of choice in the Bee Household, unless Pearl happened to be with them. On these occasions Gum Leaf tea would often be served. 
Louie, Lulu and Rose chatted about the day ahead. Tiger and Lily were wearing their Eyepods, listening to Limestone Music and were out of the conversation loop. We remember that Limestone Music was a form of Soft Rock. Of course after what had happened at the island of Ulaikitia, we now had two very well behaved (well reasonably well behaved) young bees and every so often they would politely remove their Eyepods, just in case Mum, Dad or Rose wanted to say something to them!
Louie, Lulu and Rose smiled to one another as they watched the two young bees. Obviously at that moment there was something quite catchy being played on BBC 3. Tiger and Lily were rocking from side to side, humming a tuneless melody while clapping their hands and occasionally putting food in where it is supposed to go. Hmmm, it was really quite delightful.
Lily was the first to lift her Eyepod - just in case anyone wanted to talk to her. Lulu took the opportunity to get a word in and said. 'That must be a great tune they are playing dear?' 
'Oh yes Mum', said Lily enthusiastically. 'Actually it's that tune about you Mum, that's why we like it!'
'Really!' said Lulu quite impressed, although not quite believing what she was hearing. 'Hmmm, just refresh my memory, what's it called?' 
'It's called "Bee Bubba Lulu"', said Lily in a serious authoritative tone. 'You know the one Mum, like everyone knows it! (implying complete "un-coolness" if one didn't know!) it's by "Bee-Bumble and the Fleadom Seekers"'! 
Lily - who didn't wait for a reaction (knowing what she had said was indeed profound information that only an imbecile wouldn't understand), put her Eyepod back on and carried on with the jiggling, arm waving and clapping bit!
'Well I never', said Lulu, who burst out laughing while turning and addressing Louie. 'Bee- Bumble and the Fleadom Seekers, who else? - silly me for asking!'
'Exactly', said Louie having great difficulty to suppress an uncontrollable laugh. 'What a delight, I can't help thinking that the fun they are having is so harmless and innocent compared with what we have seen in the human world'.
By now, Louie, Lulu and Rose had lost control, they were all laughing; in fact they had a severe case of the giggles! What Lily had said was meant in all seriousness, and she was totally oblivious to the reaction she had caused. Hmmm, how wonderfully innocent - "Bee-Bumble and the Fleadom Seekers"! - what a happy start to the day. 
After breakfast, Rose, Tiger and Lily cleaned up the breakfast things. Rose was taking Tiger and Lily through to the village library for lessons. Louie and Lulu said their goodbyes and hugged their two precious young bees. Lulu gave Rose (wonderful patient Rose) a big hug too. Then for Louie and Lulu, it was back to the Big City and on to Fuddlemud's mansion.
Louie and Lulu were flying above the Big City just before 9.00a.m. It was a sunny day and there was a gentle breeze coming in from the northeast. It was slightly warmer than it had been - maybe the early signs of spring. When they had emerged from the quartz in the park on the hill, they had noticed masses of daffodils, freesias and jonquils in abundance under the trees. The trees - a large number of them oaks with a tinge of green from pending spring growth - were scattered about in acres of immaculate gardens and lawn. If they had emerged as bees they would have certainly stopped off to checkout the beautiful nectar and fragrances. Not that the two bees felt it to be a missed opportunity, such flowers grew all year round down in Bluefoundland.
What mystified Louie and Lulu was that there was hardly a soul in the park, where there were all these beautiful flowers and trees. No, instead many humans chose to lock themselves away in little boxes called offices for most of the day and miss out on all this beauty. Even those who had escaped from the offices seemed to be rushing around and trying to get back in again! - Very strange the insects thought.
Louie and Lulu were overhead Fuddlemud's mansion by 9.00a.m. In a wide lazy circle they descended side by side and landed outside the garage at the rear. All was quiet; the garage doors were closed and locked. The question now of course was where was Fuddlemud; was he in the Lab with Stone or was he perhaps elsewhere? By all accounts from what Louie had learnt the day before, Fuddlemud should be in the Lab.
Louie had an idea. He asked Lulu to go to the house and merge with Fuddlemud's wife. Before Lulu went, he gave her some specific instructions. Lulu laughed and headed around to the front entrance of the house and knocked. Lulu waited patiently for a moment. Then a timid voice called out from behind the closed door. 'Who's there, how did you get in?' It was Mrs Fuddlemud herself, wondering how it could be that anyone would be knocking at the front door when the main gate should be locked? 
'Is that you Mrs Fuddlemud?' said Lulu in one of her sweetest little voices - and believe me Lulu could be very charming if she wanted to be!
'Ye-s, who's that?' said Mrs Fuddlemud, not being particularly worried on hearing such a sweet innocent voice.
'I'm a little bumblebee and I have just flown in with some honey for you', said Lulu. 
'Oh that's nice dear', said Mrs Fuddlemud who then immediately opened the door! Lulu merged! Yes Louie had been right, these humans were so gullible, they would believe anything they were told!
Lulu (now as Mrs Fuddlemud) did as Louie had instructed and made a phone call to Mr Fuddlemud. While this was all happening Louie waited patiently outside the garage. It was then one of the garage doors opened and out shot Fuddlemud. He appeared to be in a panic and was hurriedly putting on his preacher's "garb". Fuddlemud turned and closed the garage door as quickly as he could. This gave Louie the chance to merge; his plan had worked! What Louie had done (the mischievous bee) was to get Lulu as Mrs Fuddlemud to tell her husband that the police had arrived and wanted to talk to him about a suspected "P" lab in the area. Mission accomplished!
Louie, now as Fuddlemud, waited a moment for Lulu to return. Louie could tell that Fuddlemud was in a real panic after what his wife had told him. He had instructed Stone (in writing) to turn the ceiling extractors off to prevent any chemical odours getting to the surrounding outside air. When Lulu arrived the pair reopened the garage door and proceeded through to the back. Louie ran his finger over the fingerprint scanner; then as if by magic, as had been seen the previous day, part of the wall slid silently back and to the left.
Once inside, Louie closed the secret door, it slid silently back to its correct position and merged once more with the block work. Inside, there was a particularly pungent smell of acetone. This was of course because the ceiling extractors had been turned off. Stone was pacing up and down, obviously worried as to why Fuddlemud had instructed him to turn the extractors off and then made such a hurried departure, (complete with his preacher's outfit!).
Louie, as Fuddlemud, gave the thumbs up to Stone to indicate everything was alright. Louie also mouthed the word "office" and pointed, indicating that he was going to do some work in the office.
A relieved Stone turned the extractors on once more. Then he went back to putting recently dried crystal meth into plastic bags and stacking them by the secret door, ready for dispatch. Also by the door were hundreds upon hundreds of plastic bags of Ecstasy tablets together with a smaller number filled with cocaine. Millions of dollars worth of misery for the human world!
Louie headed for the office with the invisible Lulu close behind. One of the three computers was on. Louie of course had full command of Fuddlemud's knowledge and could access anything he wished. Louie went into Fuddlemud's bank account. It was a joint account in the name of he and his wife. It looked so innocent. There were entries for church tithing receipts, donations to charities, the church's electricity and gas bill payments, wine biscuits purchased for a church afternoon tea and goodness me he had even paid himself a small salary - oh yes all delightfully innocent. On seeing this and being curious, Louie went and opened the safe - shock horror! - There was floor to ceiling cash! Bundle upon bundle of it, millions of dollars. What he saw represented a great deal of misery for many people. Louie felt sick; it certainly confirmed that Fuddlemud was indeed a major operator. 
Louie closed the safe and sat down at the computer once more. It didn't take him long to find the locations around the world where Fuddlemud obtained his supplies. Ecstasy and Ephedrine tablets came from Southeast Asia and cocaine from South America. Other chemicals were sourced locally via underworld connections that stole from chemical suppliers and manufactures. What a grubby individual!
Ecstasy was of particular interest to Louie as this was the main substance that Fuddlemud supplied. From what Louie could see, Ecstasy (and Ephedrine for the making of "P") tablets came from a pharmaceutical manufacturing company by the name of Xjasasham Pharmaceuticals. This company was apparently quite well known around the world as a manufacturer of medication for everything from backaches to frontaches - and everything in between! 
Louie of course could see that apart from legitimate pharmaceuticals, Xjasasham manufactured certain things that were of interest to the likes of Fuddlemud. The Xjasasham plant was located at a place called Sumkowdung in an area called Haipong. Louie was wondering, after seeing some of the names he was encountering, if these people in Haipong might have been doing some sampling of their own products!
 Haipong happened to have a coastal boundary, namely the South China Sea. This made it easy to export naughty things via ships for pickup by smaller craft, usually mid ocean some way from destination coasts. These smaller craft would then move "the stuff" to secret locations, such as Fuddlemud's holiday home by the sea. 
Xjasasham Pharmaceuticals provided a sophisticated operation for the underworld drug supply operation. It was simply a case of using a code and going online to order what one wanted. Getting the code to place orders however wasn't quite so simple. These codes were only supplied on a basis of secrecy being maintained. Any indiscretion would inevitably mean death by horrible means, which of course happened at times in this grubby world. Louie shuddered at the thought.
Louie being merged with Fuddlemud had the code and could open the account with Xjasasham. It was very interesting. Lulu sat beside Louie and watched; they could see that currently in place was an order for ten million, yes ten million Ecstasy tablets! By all accounts the order had just been placed in the last few days and was due for delivery in a month's time.
Louie moved the computer mouse and scrolled up the page of the order. There were dropdown boxes for delivery dates and type of compound or drug. The different types of compounds and drugs that could be ordered ran into the hundreds if not thousands - literally everything from aspirin to zinc. Amazingly, when ordering tablets it could be specified (again with dropdown boxes), colour, shape, size, filler type, optional casing type, solid or capsule - to name a few. Moulded symbols and lettering the tablets should carry for identification purposes, could also be selected, there were options such as hearts, diamonds, clubs, spades or names using up to ten letters of the alphabet. 
Other dropdown boxes allowed the specification of a "desired name" for the tablets. This could then be shown on the order and packaging as required. In this case, Fuddlemud's Ecstasy tablets were to be labelled as "Headache Tablets" - really! The way Louie was thinking it was quite likely that a headache would be coming Fuddlemud's way, and not only in the tablet form!
While Louie was doing all this scrolling bit, a very mischievous idea came to him. He had noticed that in selecting particular compounds or tablets that there was a secondary dropdown box explaining in great detail what the item was, what it did, uses, antidotes - the whole works. Louie had also noticed that there were options to alter then resave an order. Changing an order was an option, only if the order showed a status of "Awaiting Manufacture", which happened to be the case with Fuddlemud's order.
Louie in pursuing his very mischievous idea, scrolled up and selected the "types of compound" option. This was where compounds could be selected to be put into tablet form. He scrolled down the list until he found a name that suggested what he was after. Yes, something caught his eye; it was a compound, definitely available in tablet form, called "Explozolax". Louie looked at the properties of this compound carefully. There were options for 5mg, 10mg, or specify. Hmmm. Louie specified 100mg! Yes (naughty bee), Explozolax was a very powerful and fast acting laxative, guaranteed to get the job done, warning however that in high doses (such as 100mg) the user may be confined to the sitting down position for at least forty eight hours.
Louie (as Fuddlemud) smiled to himself. He carefully clicked on the "Explozolax" option then selected "save". Done! It hadn't been too late to change the order. The tablets Fuddlemud would ultimately be receiving would look like and seem like the original Ecstasy tablets but on the inside it was a different matter, oh dear yes. Lulu was watching closely and wanted to hug Louie for his mischievous naughtiness, however it repulsed her to even think about hugging Fuddlemud!
'Lulu', said Louie while looking around to make sure Stone was still busy out in the Lab. 'This is just about all we need to do to destroy Fuddlemud. Once this lot gets out there, he will be ruined. Nobody will trust him ever again'.
'Yes, yes Louie, you are brilliant', said Lulu. 'Just one other thing we could do. When the "proverbial hits the fan", is to advise the intermediate suppliers of Fuddlemud's address. We can do this by merging with people at the village post office and sending anonymous letters explaining all, and oh yes a letter to the police might help as well!'
'Excellent my Lulu', said Louie, 'You clever bee'.
'Another thing Louie', said Lulu. 'How will we know when it has all happened?'
'Well', said Louie laughing. 'We know that the delivery will be arriving about one month from now. What we will do is visit the village library each day about this time, we will know when it has happened; I promise you!'
'How Louie?' said Lulu a little mystified. 'How on earth will we find out from the village library?'
'You will have to wait and see. Let me keep it as a surprise!' said Louie.
'Alright, you win!' said Lulu wondering what her loveable bumblebee mate had in mind - as no doubt is the reader!
'Let's go home', said Louie. 'And see if Pearl is at the Palace. She will love to hear all about what we have done!'
Louie walked out of the office and across the lab to the secret door. Stone was still busy putting crystal meth into bags. Louie pointed to the door, indicating to Stone that he (Fuddlemud) was going out. Once in the garage Louie closed the secret door. Louie and Lulu moved outside then closed the garage door. 
'This will be interesting', said Louie. 'When I have demerged from Fuddlemud, he will think the Police are around at the front door of the house. It will be interesting to see what he does - here goes!'
On demerging, Fuddlemud ran around in circles in a panic! It took a few moments of hand wringing and brow beating. Once he got his bearings then he sprinted off up the drive like a startled rabbit. 
'Hmmm', said Louie. 'I hope his poor wife will be alright, she won't remember telling him that the Police have arrived. No doubt it will all be sorted out; Fuddlemud will be relieved to find it was a just false alarm!'
'Yes I hope she will be alright Louie', said Lulu with a sigh. 'She actually sounds like quite a pleasant person'.
'Well', said Louie. 'Let's head home; we have done all we can here for now. Seeing it is quite a nice day, we can have some late morning tea at the Nest Cafe'.
'Yea!' said Lulu. 'Great idea Louie'.
'Tell you what Lulu', said Louie. 'Let's fly home to the village instead of going through the quartz from the park on the hill. We can go back through the quartz at the village bank instead. It will only take us about twenty minutes, we can follow the railway line'. 
Lulu agreed. They climbed high over the City then headed west, from there they followed the thin line of the railway line far below. They glanced at each other and smiled, they were pleased with what they had achieved.
####
A month after Louie and Lulu had finished with Fuddlemud; they visited the village library on several occasions. This was to see if they could find what it was Louie had been on about when Fuddlemud's order had been changed. Lulu was very curious about what on earth they could find in the village library to indicate that they had been successful with the Fuddlemud job!
It was on about the fourth visit to the library when Louie found what he had been waiting for. The pair had merged with a couple of readers in the library and Louie brought over a copy of the City morning paper. There it was as a headline on the front page:

CITY COUNCIL WORRIED BY CRIPPLING OVERLOAD OF CITY SEWERAGE SYSTEM

That said it all! Yes what Louie and Lulu had done with Fuddlemud had indeed been a complete success. On seeing the headline it was immediately arranged for letters to be sent to the intermediate suppliers giving details of Fuddlemud's address. Another letter was sent to the City Police. 
Strangely enough, Fuddlemud and the Blesstifano Pentecostal Church were never heard of forever and ever, amen! Apparently many Ecstasy users swore they would never touch the stuff again - no never again! Hmmm I wonder why.
####
Over the following years, the Quartz Corp continued to work their way through Swindlers' List. The world started to become a better place. Humans stopped cheating each other for fear of repercussions if they did. The message soon got around that if you cheated or exploited others it would soon be known. People could save for retirement once more, happy in the knowledge that their investments would be safe. The numbers of drugged teenagers and others faded to an insignificant few. Many became educated and started to enjoy life and have respect for the world they lived in. Population growth stabilised due to increased numbers being educated and then able to think rationally. Because of stabilised population growth, it was possible the insects had saved the ultimate destruction of Surface Paradise due to expansion and encroachment by the Big City.
On Swindlers' list there were even religious leaders who treated their cause as a business and tithed their congregations into poverty. Strangely enough this sect found that money which had been extracted from those who could least afford it was mysteriously returned. Yes these religious leaders soon learnt that as they had often preached, God did indeed move in mysterious ways! It was thought by this ilk that maybe they should take credence of their own advice: "Do unto others as you would have others do unto you" - Hmmmm! 
Radical factions, religious or otherwise, lost power as scientific education grew in popularity. Humans became preoccupied (over time) with protecting the planet rather than exploiting it and each other. It was amazing! Yes Swindlers' List was a very powerful means for the insects to control the acts of humans.
Maybe - just maybe, the Quartz Corp had (for the meantime) saved the human race and Planet Earth from certain demise! Little did humans realise that they were being controlled by the insects and that now the world did indeed belong to these little creatures - yes that group of peace loving creatures who lived in a paradise, far below the surface of Planet Earth, way down in Bluefoundland.

Louie the Bee - Chapter 23
It's Christmas and Time to Say Goodbye.

Let's move on another fifteen months. It is Christmas Eve. The Bee Family including Rose have been up at their house by the stream in Surface Paradise for the past week. They have been busy tidying the place ready for a stay over the Christmas and New Year period, it looks spotless. 
This Christmas it is going to be a little like a time from the past when Louie, Lulu, Tiger and Lily spent their first Christmas together. It is intended for the Bee Family and Rose to spend Christmas and the following week, at the house by the stream. They will stay until the day before New Year's Eve. This is when they will all head off to spend New Year's Eve at the cave above the sea, and stay a couple of nights. 
As has been the case on previous occasions, Pearl, Virgil, Virginia and the Ten Ants will be going. However this time there will be a few others who have not been before. For one there is Rose. Others include Charlie Whitehead and his family who live next door to the Bees down in Bluefoundland. Then there are the five Cotton Singhlets who are great friends of Tiger and Lily's. It is hoped Dr Sum Ting Wong and his wife Annie will be going as well as Arnold and the Reserve Bank Staff. Tiger and Lily have another couple of friends who will be coming along who we shall introduce in a moment. With so many going it will be a great time for all. 
Up until the time they head off for the cave, the Bee Family and Rose intend to have a relaxing time in the sun, down by the stream, just below the house. Louie's Bee senses have told him there was a high pressure system around and that it is likely to be fine for at least two weeks, Yea! 
One might think that for the two young bees, it would be a little boring sitting down by the stream with their parents. But no. Just along the stream near Mr McFarland's place, is another Bumblebee Family who have recently taken up residence. They of course also live down in Bluefoundland during the cooler months. Two members of this particular Bee Family happen to be a couple of young ten year olds by the name of Bronson and Belinda. Well I guess we can put the rest together, possibly early signs of young love! Hmmm - how wonderful. Well these two bees happened to be the friends of Tiger and Lily's who would be coming away to the cave for New Year's Eve. 
Of course this "coming away" business had been done with complete consultation between Louie and Lulu, and Bronson and Belinda's parents - oh yes. Bronson and Belinda's parents needed assurances about such things as not staying up too late, the brushing of bodies and washing teeth, safety when flying, ensuring Bronson took his Bee Acne tablets and for Belinda, because she was apparently a rather delicate bee - it was essential that she didn't get her feet wet hmmm. Louie and Lulu had thought that Tiger and Lily could do these two bees a world of good. It was interesting that Bronson and Belinda's parent's names were Archibald and Gertrude; somehow the names seemed to fit! However let's not get things out of perspective here. Archie and Gerty (as Bronson and Belinda's parents were known to Louie and Lulu) were fine bees. It was just that they could have been a tad over protective of their children! 
We digress - let's get on with Christmas Eve. Louie had made a Christmas tree. He had accomplished this by using some small fern fronds, cemented together at the base to form a tree that he had then placed in the lounge. Amongst the fronds of the tree, Louie placed tiny quartz crystals. He had gathered these from the cave where crystals had spilled down in Bluefoundland. The crystals had been wet with stream water and allowed to dry so that they glowed. For some of the little crystals, Louie had coloured them with berry juices so that intermingled in the fronds, in addition to white, there were blue, green, red and yellow lights. Very pretty.
Painstakingly Louie placed these tiny crystals in pairs close together so they wouldn't dim when the sun was on the other side of Earth. The tree was also decorated with strips of foil. These had been discretely obtained from Mr McFarland's garden. We may remember that Mr McFarland used foil strips to supposedly frighten the birds away from his strawberry patch. The foil strips on Louie's tree twinkled in the light of the crystals. 
Apart from the foil, Lulu and Lily had adorned the tree with flowers such as small elfin daisies and blue periwinkles. What had been put together as a Christmas tree was a beautiful sight. It had an aura of magic that brought a lump to the throat of anyone who saw it.
The tree was quite tall and reached the lounge room ceiling. At the top, standing proudly was not the usual Christmas fairy, no it was something else that was very very special and it belonged to past days. This "something" was dressed in a pure white spider silk dress with silver braid trim (again made from foil). It had a necklace of bright yellow pollen beads and its "hand" held a wand with a silvery star on the end. Yes Lulu and Lily had done a fine job - it was none other than Lily's dolly of years ago - Loobee-Loo.
Beneath the tree were special parcels wrapped in rose petals and tied with foil bows. On the parcels were the carefully inscribed the names of the recipients, Louie, Lulu, Tiger, Lily, Rose and Pearl. Yes Pearl was due to drop in and join the Bee Family for a meal and a drink on this wonderful Christmas Eve. Pearl, because it was now summertime was spending quite a bit of time at her streetlight apartment and was due to fly down to the little house by the stream at 8.00p.m for tea. It had been decided to have a late tea because it had been a fine and warm day and it would be good to eat outside in the cool of the evening.
In fact, right now, it is just about 8.00p.m. The Bee family and Rose are out on the deck relaxing with pre-dinner drinks. Louie and Lulu are having a red wine, as is Rose. Tiger and Lily who have only just recently turned ten, are (as a special Christmas treat) having just a little of Louie's fermented honey-nectar. Hmmm, what lucky young bees, their parents treated them as equals and loved them above all else.
The sun is now behind the house, low in the sky and away to the west. The evening is still and mild, there is the smell of the streamside flowers in the air. The stream below is calm; there is hardly a breath of wind. The trees and bush on the opposite bank are bathed in the orangey red light of the sunset and are reflected in the smooth surface of the water. Louie has just lit the stove to cook the tea. A slight smell of wood smoke wafts across the deck. Could there possibly be a better place to be?   
Conversation is bright and cheerful as the Bee Family and Rose reflect on how they have (under the guidance of Pearl) made the world a safer and better place to be. Yes it is getting on for seven years since water was first introduced to Bluefoundland. With years of cleverness and cunning they (the Quartz Corp) now have control of Planet Earth This was no doubt how the Aliens intended it to be.
Suddenly the animated chatter and laughter was silenced by a 'Shshshsh' from Lulu.
'Listen', said Lulu almost breaking down with emotion. Yes there it was, just as it had been ten years before when Pearl had brought Tiger and Lily, rescued after their mother had been killed along the road to the village. It was the fluttering sound of Pearl's wings. They all instinctively looked west. Yes, against the red glow of the sunset, was the silhouette of Pearl, getting closer and closer.
When pearl landed on the deck she was surprised to find everyone so quiet with a moist eye or two! 
This didn't last long as Pearl was overcome with hugs of affection from all directions! 
'Sorry Pearl', said Lulu. 'Just some memories of you arriving one Christmas many years ago! We all love you so much'.
Pearl knew exactly what Lulu meant. She looked at Tiger and Lily, what fine young bees they were now and what wonderful parents Louie and Lulu had been over the preceding years. An emotional tear or two welled up in Pearl's eyes too. Pearl went inside and put some presents under the tree then joined the others out on the deck. Tiger and Lily waited on Pearl and brought her a red wine and a selection of pollen nibbles.
Being Christmas Eve, the Quartz Corp did as they had done on Christmas Eves in the past. After tea they all went through the quartz at the end of Louie's tunnel and through to the village. This was at about 9.30p.m. After emerging through the quartz at the bank, they flew high above the village - there they were, six beautiful blue nymph forms - the Quartz Corp. 
Below in the village square was the huge Christmas tree, covered in flashing lights. There was a band playing Christmas carols. A full moon was rising behind the church spire to the east.
The Quartz Corp watched out for anyone who looked as though they might be sad on this wonderful night of the year. Through merging with any unfortunate people they found, they did what they could to make their life better, give them encouragement and give them a Christmas they might not otherwise have.
####
We have to go now. As we depart, the six blue nymph shaped forms continue to fly above the village, searching out those who could do with comfort and help. Often those needing help are the ones who have been affected by the greed and dishonesty of others. Just remember, if life is getting you down at any time, the Quartz Corp is there watching over you. If you think hard enough and perhaps close your eyes, you will see, Louie, Lulu, Tiger, Lily, Rose and Pearl, in the blue nymph form, flying effortlessly with their beautiful translucent blue wings.
Just one final thing. If ever you happen to be having a quiet moment by a stream sometime, you may see bumblebees just like the Bee Family; you may see a Ladybird like Rose or even a beautiful moth like Pearl. If you look after them they will look after you.

Take care and goodbye for now.
www.louiethebee.com
