Love Through Cobra’s Eye
Kimaya Mathew
Copyright Kimaya Mathew 2013
Published at Smashwords
Smashwords License Statement 
This ebook is licensed for your enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not buy it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and obtain your copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Thank you for taking out the time to read this book. Please do rate and review the work even if you don’t like it! Negative ratings will help too!






“Hello” I held the phone next to my ear. It had been ringing from such a long time, I had cut the line, but it was unavoidable now “Rashi,” Deepak said from the other side “Thank God you picked up the line. Where are you?”“Me?” I stopped near the staircase “I am here in the temple right now.” I started descending the stairs. “I have bad news for you girl” his voice sounded sad “Bad news” my mind went into alert mode, and I nearly missed a step. Is Mum all right? Has she met with an accident? Or worse, is she in the hospital? My mind went in all possible directions. “What is it?” I said, “Tell me quickly Deepak, what happened?”He hesitated “The Company where you interviewed” he paused “So, I guess even this job is off for you”“Oh” I exhaled heavily “That’s it”“What do you mean? Aren’t you sad that you didn’t have the job?”“Yes,” I complained “But, you made it sound like something scary has happened”“Leave that for a while,” he said “I have to begin a new search for you now I guess. Hey” his tone changed “You are coming for tonight’s party, aren’t you?”“Deepak” I said “what will I do there? You know me, right?”“Ra, no more excuses now, you understand. Some modern people who will be visiting me there… Who knows, you might get someone interested in you there.”“The chances of that are rare.”“Don’t be such a pessimist” he said and disconnected the line. Mussoorie, located about 35 km from the state capital of Dehradun, known as the queen of hills, was the place I lived in. At an average altitude of 1,880 metres, along with its green flora and fauna, it is a charming resort. The town was said to present a “fairyland” atmosphere. Being a hilly area, the weather here was always cold, may it be winter or summer. I, Rashi, had been living in this mini paradise for twenty years. You can say that my entire life, i.e. from childhood to adolescence and then to adulthood, had been spent here. According to me, there was some magic which had kept me tied down to this place. I was just thirteen when Dad passed away, along with my uncle. My mind wandered off to the memory where I was getting down from the school bus, eager to meet him. Dad, Arnab, had gone to Jaipur for pilgrimage along with Uncle, Vikas.  My little heart floated with joy at the sight of his jeep parked outside for I knew he was back from his tour. With dancing steps, I flew inside but, what I saw there was the scene which I had never imagined in my nightmares. Dad’s, uncle’s corpses and a white cover sheet on their face. How did this happen? Snakebite was the reason why both of them were lying with their pale, ashen faces. So many years have passed since that, but everything still felt fresh. Today it happened to be Dad’s death anniversary. So, up to the main temple, I was praying for his soul to rest in peace. I had long black hair just like my Mom. People said that my eyes belonged to that of my father. As the climate here was 12 months cold with too much humidity, I preferred keeping myself all wrapped up from head to toe. Dressed up in a leather jacket, denim trousers, hair loose and black-framed glasses on my eyes. Glasses, my friends said, kind of spoiled my beauty. I couldn’t help but give them a smirk because I never considered myself beautiful.After Dad was gone, financial and family responsibility came on the fragile shoulders of Mom. Relatives, friends, so-called well-wishers, advised her that she should remarry for my sake. I have already given my heart to someone, she said, how can I restart with someone else? I admire my mom for her courage and bravery. After finishing my graduation, I wanted to continue with my post-graduation too, but, seeing the economic condition through which both of us were going, I decided to give up my dream of studying further and started looking for a job. Currently, I was working as a librarian in the public library of the town. The job was not bad but, it was not paying me much. To look for higher pay, I have got myself registered with the local job agency. Deepak, to whom I was talking before, was my agent for the agency. I had appeared in three interviews till now but, it looked as if nobody was interested in taking up a mere graduate girl. So, now I was thinking to do my post-graduation through distance learning. But, I still needed a job. I cannot just sit at home. Deepak had helped me a lot till now, and today there is a small party in his house on the occasion of his wife’s birthday. I didn’t want to go but he will be offended. He is not wrong. Maybe, it occurred to me, somebody might get interested in my resume. I had descended down the final steps of the temple when cover-your-ears scream erupted from somewhere nearby. A small crowd has gathered near a tree, situated next to the temple. Scream so loud, that every sense of mine got focused in that direction. With a quick pace, I reached the place at no time. Making my way from the midst of the crowd, finally, I managed to see the sight which frozen me on the spot. A black giant King Cobra was coiled near a girl’s feet.
*********************************************************
His hood extended from around its throat with the familiar eyespot pattern of a typical King Cobra on its back. It had flattened out its neck ribs, spreading the hood wide. Slowly coming into its attack mode, I realised. Cobras are usually shy and intelligent creatures. They tend to get in this mode when they sense that danger is near. The hunter tendency was coming out in him and right now, the girl in front was the prey. The crowd had terrified the creature but, that’s not the reason why the creature got directed at the girl. A small red drop on the fingertip of the girl, which she hasn’t noticed yet, was visible to me. Oh God, he is smelling blood. One small drop of that red liquid, all it took to become the food of this creature. Only a faint smell of it triggered such a strong tendency. Everyone is scared. Nobody had the guts to go ahead and save the poor one. But, something had to be done. We can’t stand here and see the creature gulp the human. I was  on that line when, some men with big sticks in their hands, started approaching behind the creature, raising it slowly so that the snake doesn’t know. They are going to kill him, out of nowhere a sudden rebellion came in my heart as they rose the sticks higher.“No” I cried “Don’t do that” “Are you crazy?” one of them, with the big moustache, said, as he looked at me. Looked like as if the creature had heard me because, as I cried, its hood turned to me and he shifted his position a little. Its forked tongue came out and he has raised himself to its full height. Black skin with faint pale yellow cross bands down the length of the body and smooth scales, a creature with hypnotising power. I too, was in that state, because I continued gazing in its eye when one bite from it can kill me. Slowly, without lifting my gaze from it, I said “Try to lift it softly from its tail, through stick”“It will attack” said the girl, still sobbing “No, it won’t” I said directing her through my hands “Go, run”“What?” she asked again” I said run, he is not looking at you now and don’t forget to tie a piece of cloth to that wound of yours, everyone” I said “Please, make some space. Don’t choke it. It is afraid of us that’s it” As soon as the words were out of my mouth, the mass behind me started lessening and the spot became free at last. Still, some curious glares at my back were directed towards the creature.“Go, now” I said to the creature “No one will hurt you. Go” Some minutes of earth-shattering silence, with breath hitched in my throat because any movement from my side, it will strike. I didn’t flinch my gaze and kept on staring in its eyes. Finally, giving me and my audience a huge relief, it crawled in another direction.
Until the time I made it to my house, I was exhausted with no strength to attend the evening’s event. I said this thing to mum too, to which I got this reply “Don’t be like this Ra” she gave that annoyed look to me, through the corner of her newspaper, which she was reading at the moment “Deepak has helped you so much. You should at least give him that much credit”“Yes,” I started ascending the stairs up to my room, to get ready. Both of us lived in a small house near chick chocolate shop. Like every house of hills, ours mainly consisted of one barely called sitting room. One kitchen. Two bedrooms, single staircase and one small bathroom, if you want to call it so. It was a full kind of place, built on such a fragile base that only a faint tremor of an earthquake is enough to bring it down to pieces. Thankfully, one never occurred here. Dad’s death had not only made us emotionally weak but, it has also made us leave our fabulous house in Dehra Dun and come here instead.With enough money in my hand, I wanted to build a safe house too, where we don’t have to live in any fear. Turning on the shower, I started scrubbing myself but, the flashes of the day’s incident still fresh in my mind. The eyes of that reptile… I closed my eyes and let the water sliding down, soak me entirely. Those eyes, charming and haunting. They had held certain magic, but a silent warning of coming danger, too.
“Rashi” Kaya, Deepak’s wife, hugged me tightly, as I entered their house. Deepak’s house was much spacey and larger than mine, decorated with pink and white balloons. I had always envied this one fact, that, he had his residence on the main mall road. The centre of the town, where every luxury and facility was available for both tourist and natives.“Happy birthday, Kaya” I said, as I hugged her back and handed over my gift to her. Dressed in my normal attire, I was shivering due to the approaching winter. Kaya, a slender, stylish woman contented with her life. Though it had been only some days of my knowledge this wonderful couple, Deepak loved her enough. A bulky man with a slight tummy! But, apart from that, a gentle soul.“I was waiting for you only” she said and turned to proceed towards the table laden with her birthday cake, gifts and whatnot. Music played on, and all applauded the cake ceremony. As soon as it got over, turning to me, she offered a plate. “Thanks,” I said, as I took a spoon from the table.“Why don’t I introduce you to some people?” she smiled “Deepak told me about your recent rejection of a job. Don’t lose your heart, honey. You will get one soon”“Thank you,” I sighed, suddenly losing the appetite for my favourite dessert. Still, not to show her, I bit into it with great enthusiasm.
The party was at its peak point, till the time people got over with music and dance. Some laughed, some giggled, and the atmosphere filled with warmth. Apart from me, everyone here knew everyone. Finished with my dinner, was having some normal apple drink, when; Deepak came beside me “Met someone?”“Some” I said “But, I am not sure, if they are the people I am searching for”“What does that mean?”“Means” I said “I have no idea if anyone here has got a vacancy in their bookshop, or beauty salon, or even their grocery shop”“Look Ra” he sounded desperate now “I have given it my best and, I am still searching, trying to get you in a comfortable job…”“D” I said “I am irritated right now. I am tired, freezing, and on top of that, feeling like a failure, not only for me but, for my mother too”He patted my shoulder as he said “We will get through, don’t worry” he went away, leaving me for a minute or two
***********************************
A cool breeze blew across my face. I stood on the lawn, which faced a deep gorge. After a minute or two, it was late, and I should go home, with the drinking glass still clutched in my hand, I turned to go back, clearly unaware, that someone was just passing behind me. So, as I turned, I got banged up with the person, and the whole liquid went splashing on his suit. My mouth hung open, seeing the disaster I have committed. Eyes wide with horror, I blinked for a moment, and immediately went down on my knees, so to collect the shattered pieces of the glass from the floor.“I am sorry” I said, and keeping the pieces on a bench I hastily took a napkin and started wiping the suit, still apologising for my carelessness “I am sorry,” I said again. I never looked up at the person's face, but yes, I noticed two steel rings there on his right hand’s index finger and thumb, weirdly though, he had a hairless wrist.“Leave it” came, the cold voice. The voice caught my attention. I raised my head and removed the tendrils of hair from my face, to see him properly.
His height must have been somewhere near 5’12”. Lean, slender, and black shades on his eyes, made his face half masked. He had straight, wavy hair and sharp spikes near earlobes.“I said leave it” he said, and turned to leave the place, at once.
**************************************************************************
What had started as a normal day had turned out to be a completely exhausting one. I was bone-tired, before, I made it to my room. Not even bothering to remove my shoes, I simply fell, face down on the bed. My eyes had shut out of their own accord and, I wanted to go to deep, blissful sleep.I dropped my shoes on the floor by forcing them out of my foot.  Forcing myself, I got up and went to the washroom to change. That done, I came back to my room and covering myself to the chin, closed my eyes. Somewhere in the midnight, an acute irritation on my arm woke me up.  Don’t know what it was. Feeling cold all of a sudden, shivering from head to toe, I wrapped the quilt tightly around me. As I pulled the cover tightly again, a low hiss came from somewhere. Drowsy eyes, I looked around. The windows were open, probably that’s why ... But, I had closed it. I sat upright on my bed and had merely turned my bed lamp on, when, with a loud hiss-growl, a snake raised its head from the bedsheets.
I swear; that one moment completely stopped my heartbeat. The drop of perspiration rolled from my forehead to cheek and then went towards south direction. Eyes went wide, and my mouth hung open, about to scream, I kept my hand in my mouth to shut up. It’s better to die silently. If I tried to get up from the bed or made any movement, the creature will surely strike me dead in a moment. I was frozen in my sitting position. O Lord, if ever I have done a good deed in my life, then please don’t let me die right now or, if you want to kill me, it should not be like this.
The snake I had saved that morning. Amazing, his next victim was going to be the same person, who had told people not to kill him.  At that moment, I did wish that if only I had not saved it if alone, I would have had let others finish him that morning.Its yellow bands sparkled in the lamplight.  Eyes on my face as if, trying to decipher my thoughts. I shifted slowly from bed to get out. The wrong move because, precisely at that moment, it hit the place, where my foot had been kept some seconds ago. Narrow escape! It slithered forward and raised itself to full height so that it was up to my face level. I am gone now; I closed my eyes so that, I can’t see him. Fool, nothing will happen by doing that. At that, I opened my eyes again, and let out a full blood-curling scream. It could have gone for some more time but precisely at that moment, a lispy voice told me “No use of doing that sssss…”What, what was that? Where did that come from? Scared, I looked around the room, but it seemed that the creature had got all my attention for a moment. No, it could not be. Snakes don’t talk. I shook my head and blinked once, twice.“Who-Who is it?” I stuttered“Sssss me sssss….” That whispery voice again, this time coming from the side of the Cobra I was shocked for certain that my mind was playing the game of hallucination with me and in a second, when I will open my eyes, I will be standing at the door of heaven because the snake would have already killed me. Dumb, I looked at it again “Rashi sssss…” it said “I sssss like sssss you sssss…”“W-W-W… “I kept on stammering like a fool.“Yes, sssss” he said “Saved me today sssss. I…not…hurt…you sssss. Thanks, sssss”“Snakes don’t talk” words slipped out of my mouth by their own “I am dreaming. You are not for real. Go away, go away” I shouted again.“I sssss like you sssss” it repeated, as if, it didn’t hear me.“Go away please” I closed my ears as I said that. I didn’t want to hear that whisper again. This is a nightmare, and I wanted it to end, as quickly as possible.  It inclined itself more towards me and slightly tilting itself, it caressed its mouth against my cheek. White stars danced in front of my vision, and I fainted.
Next morning, as sun rays filtered into the room and made me wide awake. Slowly, I sat upright and looked at myself. My whole body throbbed with an unnamed ache; a nerve was beating somewhere in my head. To make it stop, I quickly took my head in my hands.“Good Morning” Mom’s arrival of bed tea gave me some rest. As soon as I raised my head to look at her, her face lightened up with a heartwarming smile.  Maya was a doctor in the local hospital, so, from childhood onwards, I didn’t have any problem with any disease or fever. I was skinny but not unhealthy, so, she didn’t have to use her expertise on me. It looked, as if, I would need her advice today, as a peculiar ache had spread in my body and my head feels too heavy to be on my shoulder. “Good morning,” I said, and noticed, that my hands shook, as I took the cup from her outstretched hands. Her eyes roaming on my face became wide, as she noticed that action of mine.“Are you OK?” she asked, seating herself next to me. No, I am not. A snake entered my room yesternight and was talking. No hissing or growling, but, talking to me. I got scared, and then, he did this weird action by touching my cheek with its mouth as if…as if…kissing me, or something. I am scared still, and I am aching all over my body, my head throbs wildly. It’s weird….“Nothing” I lied and looked at her “I just need to get up, I suppose. The search for the job had made me like this”Not convinced at my answer, she checked my forehead and then took in my pulse rate. I never got this pulse rating calculation of hers. I was just noticing her facial expressions which were going from a frown to a serious worrying one. Startled, she looked at me“Seems like you are running a temperature. How did this happen?”“I don’t know” I said “Maybe yesterday’s exhaustion took me over. It’s nothing mum, don’t worry” I tried to relax her “it’s nothing. A hearty breakfast and I will be OK”“Don’t worry” she said “I have to check. Don’t move” saying that, she exited the room. Oh God, why this now? Wasn’t I already loaded with too many other tensions? My mind suddenly went to last night, and I tried to make some sense out of it. It wasn’t a nightmare. I was fully awake when it happened. The snake was talking but how? I never saw his mouth forming the words, but yes, the words were coming from his side. How can this be? Still lost in my thoughts, I had absently raised the cup to my lips when my cell phone gave wild vibration. Coming out of my thoughts, I kept the cup aside, and pressed the green button“Hello”“Is this Ms Rashi Sharma?” came a masculine voice “Yes” I said “This is me. Who is this?”“Hello, Rashi” said the person again “I am Vritra Chauhan, owner of Chauhan industries of arms. I guess you must have had heard about us” after a long period 	I answered “I am sorry sir, but, I haven’t”“It’s Alright” he said “I am calling you for a job offer. You are registered with Deepak Kathra’s job agency, aren’t you?”Puzzle pieces in my mind started falling in their places. I love you for this Deepak. I owe you big time now.“Yes,” I inserted enough warmth in my voice “Not a big deal,” he said “Your resume was forwarded to our office, and after going through it, you passed the criteria of personal secretary. You are more than adequate for this job. I would like to take your interview through this call if you don’t mind”“Of course sir” I smiled now “I am ready if you are”“Name”“Rashi Sharma”As soon as I kept the phone down, my face got heated, and I screamed with joy. Oh my God, Oh my God, I got a job. Yes, yes and yes I did it. The interview had gone well, and according to Mr Chauhan, it was a formality. I was given the post of personal secretary for his younger brother, Shesh Chauhan. Salary was quite high, that was the main attractive feature of it and on top of that, he had said that, as it is the younger Chauhan secretary won’t have much work to do, so, side by side, I can even look after the office library too, because, I had the experience in that field. All thanks to Deepak, as I recalled the phone conversation again. If it hadn’t been for him, I would have never landed this job. As I kept floating in the bubble of happiness, mum came inside, along with her doctor bag. She took out a thermometer and put it in my mouth for measuring the temperature. As she took it out after some minutes, her eyes went wide in amazement to find out that there was actually nothing. Surprised myself, I said, “Told you, didn’t I?” and thereafter, I revealed the greatest news to her.Till the time I finished, her eyes beamed with joy and her features lit up with cheerfulness. She hugged me, placed a kiss on my forehead, and said “You deserve another cup of strong tea”“Yes I do”. For the time being, the snake incident was buried under the layer of happiness.
Glued to the receiver, I informed Deepak about the latest news. But, appeared, it was my turn to get some surprising news from him, “Ra” he hesitated, some “I never forwarded your resume to any Chauhan industries. I did send a photocopy of it to some of them but, Chauhan” he paused “How can I sent it to some anonymous person when I don’t even know him?” he sounded more confused than I already was. Silent for some minutes I took the information in “You didn’t?” I asked “But, Vritra Chauhan told me that, he got the information from the agency ” I paused “Are you sure D, that you never gave my resume to them?”“Quite sure” he said, but, added “If you want, I can take out some information about this so-called Chauhan industries”“No” I repeated “Thanks for taking so much pain for me D, but I will ask them when I will go tomorrow for my first working day”“Be careful,” he said “I have no idea who the hell they are, but, how can they take agency’s name like that when even the owner of the agency does not know them? I would like to speak with them if you could tell me their contact no”“I don’t have it” I said “But, surely I would like to question them myself, on this aspect. They better have some strong answer to give”“All the best Ra” he said “If they turn out to be reliable, I would like to congratulate you in advance and if not…well, let me just say, my office is always open for you.”

Taking up my toiletries kit to the washroom, I had opened the tap in the washbasin; I went still. There was a lip mark on my cheek and not any ordinary but a faint green one. Horrified till the core, as I recalled the previous night, the small caressed of that reptile, I quickly filled my palm with water and splashed it over and over my face, to make sure, that the mark had been entirely washed off. How come mum never noticed it? It was so faint; she must not have paid that close attention.Last night was weird. First the morning incident of rescuing the snake, then in Deepak’s party, that short conversation with the guy, who had hairless wrist and then to top all of it, a talking Cobra in my bed, that too, in midnight.Stripping myself, I stood under the hot shower. Now this, my agent was clueless about the company, which had recruited me by a phone interview. What was going on? My brain cried. Why had that Vritra boy told me such a big lie? The most significant question was if Deepak has not forwarded my resume to the company’s owner, how in the name of all that is holy, did the person came to know my name, qualification and every personal detail of mine? I shuddered, even as I wiped myself dry with the towel. I had a high intuition that something is off here, totally off. But, what exactly? Dressing in a fresh full sleeves t-shirt with jeans, I walked down the stairs to the dining table. I had not discussed anything with mum, or she would have got worried about nothing. I hoped, really hoped, that the company turns out to be reliable or, I would have to give some severe explaining to her. She was so happy when I had told that news. I so did not want to make her disappointed now.“Mom” I said, as I gulped down the glass of milk “I am leaving. You better drive safely and take care” giving a small peck on her cheeks, I exited the house.
Near to Sir George’s Everest house, this is what the person had told me when I had asked him about the address of the company’s office. He said though the main factory and the headquarters were somewhere in Jaipur. This small room in Mussoorie is a chain link to it. In hills, according to him, people had primary use of guns and pistols. Sometime for hunting, banned now but, mostly for their safety from wild animals which roamed at night in the thick, dense forests of the hills. Sir George’s Everest house is in Park estate which is at a distance of 6 km from Gandhi Chowk/Library Bazaar. The place from where I have taken the taxi. So many unanswered questions roamed in my head right now, with me searching for some way to answering all of them but, all I was coming up were more questions. Mr Vritra Chauhan, whoever you are. I hope that I am not getting duped by you.He had sounded trustworthy enough on the receiver. My mind was playing the phone conversation again and again. O God, please help me. Let this be a dangerous job and not some deadly, ugly prank.The road beyond Hathi paon point was rough but, the scenery before me was truly breathtaking. The clouds seemed to have shifted to lower altitude making the atmosphere chilly and humid. Though I could have reached the assigned address by a mere walk too, it was so cold, that I did not even want to walk.The house is a tourist spot and provided a magnificent view of Doon valley on one side and a panoramic view of Aglar river valley. Snow peaks of the Himalayan range can be seen from another side. Still lost in the scenery, my reverie got shattered when I the driver, said “Everest House mam”Paying him, I got out of the vehicle and stared at the building standing in front of me. Everest house was there but, the other one was not.
I walked little near the side of the road, almost disbelievingly that seriously, the call had turned out to be that, which I feared the most, a sad, ugly prank. After some minutes of standing there, I had turned up to go back the way I have come, when, a small shiny new land rover halted beside me, and the front window of it got rolled down. I didn’t pay any attention to it till I a cold voice called me “Ms Rashi Sharma”. A sudden shiver ran down my spine as I turned my glasses covered eyes towards the caller.A distinct figure sat in the driver’s seat. A mere silhouette, that’s it.“Yes,” I said, as I turned to him now“I am from Chauhan Company’s office. Mr Vritra Chauhan has sent me so that I can safely take you there. He guessed that it would be difficult for you to find it, all on your own”“Is this some joke?” I said, as my anger level rose “Joke,” he asked “No, I assure you it’s not and if you, please sit inside, I can make sure, that we can proceed back”“I want to talk to your boss right now” I said haughtily “I don’t care if he gets offended or not”“As you wish” a curt reply. Taking out his cell phone, dialling a number, I never heard him talking but, saw him raising the phone to my direction “Please” he said “Go ahead”Literally snatching the phone, I held it to my ear “Hello”“Ms Sharma. Did you want to talk with me? Is everything alright?”I went soft all of a sudden and said “Sir, it has reached. I wanted to make sure that this is not some prank played on me.”
“Why don’t you reach our office? You have some questions which I hope; I would be able to answer. So, please. Don’t trouble the driver, and come, as soon as you can”“Alright Sir, I am sorry” saying that, like an utter moron, I seated myself inside the vehicle.

We drove on for some more distance ahead of Everest house. I have never known that even the area ahead of it, was developing, too. We had dense forests on both sides of the road. After travelling a distance, the building came into view.It was…so big. A big gate which opened to a gravel path, which itself lead to the main entrance, and, to an underground garage, where the car was heading right now“You get down here” said the person “I’ll be going down to the garage”“Oh, alright” saying that I opened the door, and got down, but, immediately turned to him, and said “By the way, I am sorry for the inconvenience I caused you. Foolish of me to act like that, but-““Trust me, when I say this” he cut me in between before I could say anything else “I am not interested in a sad tale of an intolerable girl. As for your apology, you should be” saying that he only started the car and made it to the entrance of the garage. I ran out of words.That was rude. Whatever, I will make sure never to cross this person's way, again.

The first thing I noticed, as I entered the entrance was that the floor was made of wood. Building’s façade looked large but, its interior was hot and cosy. A lounger was kept and the logs burnt in the fireplace. Ahead of the lounger, placed near the door, was a receptionist counter, where a brunette’s head was bent on something. Her head went up as I approached,“Yes” she said smiling “How may I help you?”“Um, Mr Vritra Chauhan had called me, for the introduction. I am Rashi Sharma” I said quickly “Yes, of course,” she said and scanned me from top to toe. She picked up the receiver and talked to him and directed me to his office“Go on the first floor. Take a left. You’ll see the door bearing his nameplate”“Thank you” I smiled Climbing the stairs, I reached the first floor. It was a wide corridor, which ran to both left and right. Seemed like somebody’s home, not a company’s office. Following the girl's instruction, I took a left and started walking. My eyes, searched the nameplate which carried the name of Mr Vritra ChauhanFinally, the front and the last door turned out to be the one, which I was searching. A small prayer to Lord almighty, I knocked on the door, a stable voice called me “Come in”Turning the knob, I peeked inside and said “Hello Sir”The person, whose head was bent, raised up and said with a little smile stretched on his face “Oh, Ms Sharma, Come in come in”

Black curly hair which came till his forehead, beautiful features with an aura of a leader around him; Vritra Chauhan was merely the authority in him. But the thing, which got my attention, was not any of the luxuries which surrounded him but his eyes. Thin, vertically slit pupils, iris significantly, an unnatural hue of black, for a moment, I kept on staring at him. Only when he cleared his throat, did I became conscious of my staring. Flushed, I said“Good morning Sir”“Please call me Vritra,” he said and raised his hand to shake mine. If I would not have had been standing opposite to him, and too close, I would not have noticed the strange tattoo of a snake, eating his tail or his hairless wrist. Hairless, where else did I noticed this feature? Even his ears were pierced, with platinum rings in each one of them. Height must be somewhere around 5’13”. From head to toe, everything about Vritra Chauhan spoke volume of power, which he had. I felt like a little mouse in front of him. Shrinking unto myself, I took his hands and shook them “Rashi Sharma”“Welcome,” he said, nodding “Please have a seat. You didn’t have any problem back there on the road, did you?” he asked sincerely“No, thanks to you” I said, as I took my seat “Sir, I have some questions to ask”“Please, go ahead” he smiled in that beautiful way again. Biting my lip, I said “How did you come to know about me? I mean, when I told my agent about this job, he didn’t sound too happy because he said that he didn’t know anything about you or your firm. He also felt some offence, that, without his knowledge, you used his agency’s name?” I had thought that he would be somewhat uncomfortable with this question of mine. But, he smiled in his unique way, and I saw his eyes shining, as he answered “After I had called you, it was unfair on my part, to not to say thanks to the agency, who had provided me with such a great help. So, before you turned up, I talked with Mr Deepak. I am going to give you the same reason which I had given to him. Your resume passed on to our sister company, Thakur industries. It belongs to our family friend, The Thakur’s. Unfortunately for them and fortunately for us, the file mistakenly came on to my desk, along with others. After going through it, I immediately made up my mind, to recruit you, as my younger brother’s secretary. So, does this answer satisfy you or you want some more of it?”Off course, Thakur arms and weaponry were popular in the whole country. I made a mental note to call Deepak, as soon as I reach home. But, my questions didn’t stop here, as I asked “But, how come no one knows you here? I mean, people may know you in other states but, here…” “Chauhan industries are not that well known, because, our business is like that. How many other weaponry industries do you know of?”“I am new to this business” I said “So” he said “You are getting my point. We shifted to Mussoorie some months ago, you can say five months ”“I see,” I said “You don’t look like the natives of the hills either”“We aren’t” he smiled again and turned serious “So, Rashi. I would like to repeat my offer to you once again, in case you have forgotten all about it. I am offering you this post, along with the salary I had mentioned on the phone. Are you interested, or not?”“Only a fool would say no to such a wonderful offer, Sir” I smiled “Yes, I am ready to take it”“In that case” he smiled “Congratulations, and this is your job description file. It contains every important document you will need to your daily routine work. Meet up with Shesh; I am sure he will like his new personal secretary. All the best”“Thank you” I said, and silently made my exit from his room.
“Shesh Chauhan” I read the name on the nameplate, and raised my hand to knock on the door, but, before that, something stopped me in the mid. Though silence prevailed, I don’t know why, but, I had a peculiar feeling that I was being watched, by some powerful force. Scared, I looked left and right. Convinced that it is my nervousness, I knocked on the door “Come in” came the voice. Turning the knob, I pushed the door open and entered. “Good morning Sir,” I said while correcting my glasses on my nose. Shesh, the image of what we call in slang language, Casanova! But here too, his eyes, which were as same as Vritra, only with irises significantly unnatural hue of blue, stood apart from every other feature. What is with these brothers? Why did the two of them have such eyes? Is it a common trait in their family? I didn’t prolong on that for much longer because, right now, the person standing in front of me, had a charming smile on his face. He had black hair till his forehead, precisely spikes. He was dressed in grey entrepreneur suit.“Good morning Sir” I smiled nervously “Rashi-Rashi Sharma, Vritra Sir must have told you-““Oh, Yes” he cut me in the middle, and said “Please have a seat Rashi. Beautiful girls always are the perks to work with…” he tilted his head in other direction in a playful way. Shocked and didn’t know how to answer him back, sticking to the business matters, I smiled again.“Vritra Sir-“I started, but, he cut me again “You don’t have to repeat yourself girl. I trust my brother he will be making the right decisions where the business is concerned. I guess, he must have given you your daily work schedule, isn’t it?”“Yes, Sir” “Good. Understand this; I expect full dedication from my employees, Ms Sharma. Laziness and excuses won’t work with me.I sound little hard right now but, trust me when I say this, that it is going to help you a lot in your future work endeavours. I guess both of us will understand each other and will have a happy working relationship. Am I making myself clear?” he didn’t sound hard but, Yes, I did understand what he wanted to say. Happy in a way that, I had got such a flirty but, intelligent employer to work with.“Of course Sir,” I said “I do get you. I promise I will never give you any reason for complaint against me” “Well. All the best,” he said and raised his hand smiling. Hairless wrist! Shaking myself internally, I stood up at the same time he got up from his. Height must be somewhere around 5’10”. Wow! Picking up the receiver he said, “Koyal, please come into my office. I have urgent work for you. Tell Khinna it is critical that he should send you to my room, as soon as possible. I want you to show my new employee the important places in the building. Yes, make it quick” He kept the receiver down and looked at me “Koyal, she is the personal secretary of my sister-in-law, Nuwa. She will show you around the place, so that you are familiar with the building”“Um, Nuwa?” I  got puzzled “Vritra’s wife” he smiled. Oh, so the elder Chauhan is married. I felt a little peace of mind, as I heard him
Koyal, a lively chatty girl. The whitish colour complexion, smiling face and some spots on her cheek, as soon as Shesh left me with her, she immediately raised up her hand“Koyal Mathur and, you are?”“Rashi Sharma” I smiled. Both of us stood outside the office, in that large corridor. She started walking and told me, to follow her “So, you are Shesh Sir’s secretary. I am the envy of you; I must say”“Why?” “Because, apart from a good looking man, he also has less workload ” She smiled. Giggling, I added “But, why is that?”“Shesh Sir, being the youngest in the family, looks, particularly in the tour and travel department. He has the duty of representing Chauhan industries in the national and international meetings. So, you have to look into his travelling schedule and, if necessary, will have to travel with him. That’s it. He has the most interesting duty to him”“But, travelling is not easy” I said “I know” she ambled now “Still, lucky you”I chuckled and kept on walking. We had proceeded to the upper floor with the help of the lift.“It has been only one month since I have joined them, but, Chauhan’s are very particular and strict when it comes to working. You have already met Vritra Sir and of course, Shesh Sir,” she paused “But, not Nuwa Mam, and” I could sense her hesitation as she said the next sentence “Ahi Sir,” she whispered “Koyal” I said “Now, who is this third one?”“I’ll tell you about everyone, once I have made sure that you know every corner of this place, alright?” she gave me a conspirational smile.   I silently nodded and looked ahead.As we got out of the machine, she led me all the way to the end of yet another long corridor. Opening it, she directed me “This is the library, another part of your duty” I recalled Vritra’s word of taking charge of the library too. I nodded and looked around. It was so cold here; I had to resist the chattering of my teeth. “It’s so cold,” I said, as I folded my arms around myself. I went inside and glanced around. Racks of books, a small reading corner, and a perfect librarian table, equipped with a computer, three phone sets and a small broadband box. I went to it and glanced down the names, which were written on each of them. Two of them, I immediately recognised but, the third one…?“Ahi Chauhan,” I read it, and looked at Koyal “Who is this person?”“Why don’t I order something?” she said as she seated herself across the table, picking up the phone she dialled a no, ordered two cups of tea and some cookies along with it.“This is your room for working” she smiled, as she made herself comfortable “They don’t have any room for Shesh Sir’s secretary next to his so, this is where you will work. In this way, you will be able to work and act as the librarian, too”I seated myself and looked at her “You were going to tell me about Chauhan’s” I said, but, she said “What’s the rush? We have all the time to ourselves today. Thank God the dragon is not here” she whispered to me, “Who?” I said “Ahi Sir, who else” she seemed irritated“I don’t get you,” I said irritated myself “What is it about this one man? Why are you so scared of him?” at that moment, somebody knocked on the grand door and Koyal called the service boy inside. He placed the tray on the table and went away. As soon as he left, she said “Please latch the door, till the time I will pour the drink” Nodding, I made it to the door and latched it. Returning to my seat, I asked,  “OK, now will you tell me, what was all that about?”“Fine” she looked at me “Chauhan’s are three in numbers, Rashi. The elder one is Vritra, middle one Ahi, and youngest one, Shesh”“Hold on,” I said “ Aren’t they two? ”“No, they are three. Vritra is married to the most beautiful women in the world, Nuwa. Three brothers established this office in the hills some time ago, say, six months”“I know this much” I said“I am Vritra Sir’s and Nuwa mam’s secretary, not personal” she winked. I giggled at that.“Hari is the assistant of Ahi Sir” she said“I didn’t see him” I said. Shuddering she said, “It’s good that you haven’t, and you pray that you may never see him”“Why? Does he bite?” I said smiling, but, her expressions remained the same, serious.“No, he doesn’t” she said “But he simply despises women. In his department, which is of financial analysis, no lady is ever seen, nor is allowed to go. It’s a pure testosterone department, mark my words. Apart from Nuwa, no other woman is allowed to go there. It’s known to everybody that Ahi listens to Nuwa more than he listens to Vritra.”Strange, for the person who hates women, to listen to the only women in his family. He must love her like anything.“So” I said, “How do the women’s make contact with him if they have some important urgent work?” They simply contact his assistant, Hari, who contacts him. I remember the day, when being new here I had no idea about all the rules and regulations of the place. Mistakenly, I went to his room to inform him about something. God” she shivered “I still remember the way he scolded me. Ruthlessly, hard and so very rude, that I still have goosebumps on my arms, whenever I recall that day”I was taken aback by the fear tone. If this is the way she is reacting, a person who is one month old, it would be better for me to never ever cross Ahi Chauhan’s way.“Three brothers also have a cousin sister named, Shliya” she smiled as she said that “And there is ,Khanak Thakur, Ahi Sir’s childhood friend. She is the owner of the Thakur industries, a sister company of Chauhan’s. That around sums it up, about the family” she said, as she stood up. I stood up along with her and proceeded to the other parts of the building.“Doesn’t he hate these other two females too?” I asked as we started walking back in the corridor.“That’s the question isn’t it? But, as they say, blood is thicker than water. Shliya and Khanak, both are closely related to the family so, of course, No, he doesn’t hate them, too. In fact, after Nuwa, these two females have got a special place in his life. They say, that it can happen,  Khanak and he may get married someday.”“Poor girl” I said “God, save her”“Exactly my words” she laughed and laughed some more until she recalled something“What is it?” I asked“We have nicknamed Ahi as “The Dragon”” she laughed “He spits fire every time he talks to women”
I laughed at that and was about to take another step when she caught my hand and halted me “Where are you going?”“To the front room,” I said, “Isn’t that we are going next?” I pointed at the door, situated on the other end of the corridor“No, no, no” she said horrified “That’s the ladies prohibited Dragon’s Den. That’s why I told you to pray that you never see him. Though, he never uses the general elevator and has a personal one, which has access to every floor but, still, keeps your finger crossed girl. Sometimes, you just never know”
“You mean to say, that I am sharing the same floor with him?” I stared at her, terrorised at the mere thought of seeing an unknown person in front of me, every day. And that too, the one feared by everyone. “Unfortunately, yes” she gave me a pitiful look but, said “It’s alright. He has no right to say anything to you because you are not working under him. You’re the main employer is Shesh Sir, and he is the sweetest person in the whole office.” I too smiled at that, and thereafter, we made it to the elevator.

It turned out that the day wasn’t that bad after all, after showing me every corner of the building. Finally, Koyal took her to leave. I made it to my library again and seated myself on the first chair. Chauhan’s were quite impressive, I must say.I drank some water from the glass and started with my explorations of the Library.
But, it was precisely at that moment, when the big portrait of the whole family on the wall, beside the book rack, was seen by me. There were Vritra, Shesh and one more man in it, along with three females. All unnaturally long in their height. Each had their names written in the bottom of the photo. Seemed a recent picture, but still, a thick layer of dust had settled on it. It looked like nobody had cleaned it for a long time, spotting a spare piece of cloth, I cleaned the surface of it.
Read the bottom which said, “Middle- Vritra and Nuwa” Nuwa, I noticed, exactly as Koyal had said, the most beautiful, sensuous women, I had seen till now. Vritra had a possessive arm around her waist. True love. It was their wedding portrait. “Left- Ahi and Shliya”. I saw him for the first time. Wavy hair till ears, spikes near earlobes and two steel rings in his fingers, eyes the same as his brother but, still different. Thin, vertically slitted pupils, irises an unnatural hue of green. Like a slight crack in my mind, I recalled Kaya’s birthday party. The person with whom I had clashed, whose suit had got all spoil because of me and that hard voice telling me “Leave it…I said leave it”  “Trust me when I say this…I am not interested in a sad story of an intolerable girl, and as for your apology, you must be”
I could scarcely believe myself. It was him; I shook my head unbelievably, it had always been him. I removed my eyes from his face and looked at Shliya. Clad in a shimmery dress, small curly hair till neck, clinging to Ahi as if he was her boyfriend, she looked charming. I looked at another side of the newlywed elder Chauhan. “Right Shesh-Khanak”Shesh had a familiar mischievous smile on his face. Khanak, she looked a mystery, dressed in a black sari, which had glitters. Somehow Khanak made me uncomfortable. Giving the picture the last glance, I went back to my seat. One thing, which didn’t go unnoticed from my observation, every one of them was hairless, and their eye structure, more or less the same. But the eyes, which had caught me the most, were Ahis.
I was in the kitchen, telling mum about my first day in the office. God, I wanted to say her everything about my employer, and his beautiful, strange family but, something stopped me internally. I did tell her about every detail of my office, library. Mum was happy that I did not have to go far off, to search for a perfect job.
“So,” at last Mum said, “You are happy there?”
“Yes, Mom,” I said, “I am.”
“Tell me about this, Boss of yours,” she asked, “Is he handsome, smart?”
“Both,” I turned to her and passed the hand knead dough bowl to her “Mum, he is my employer, and I am his employee. The end. Don’t try to match make both of us”“I was just asking” she tried to feign innocence. Slowly getting grey day by day, she wanted me to get married to some good looking guy as soon as possible. She had talked to me about that aspect in the past but, I had quietly said no.
I lay in my bed reminiscing about the whole day’s incident. I liked Koyal. She had become a kind acquaintance in such a short time. She had even called me twice in the entire day, asking, if there’s a problem, or, if I need anything. I had said neither, but, thanks for asking. Good to know that there was at least one person in the office, apart from Shesh Sir, who knew me.“Rashi sssss” that faint hissing came again, and every beautiful memory evaporated from my mind. Fear gripped me from head to toe. Startled, I sat up on my bed, switched on the bedside lamp, and search. “Who-who ?” I said out loud. Funny, how mum never complained about my shouting at night. Maybe, she never heard it.“Rashi sssss” it came again, so close, sure the creature was beside me. As if on cue, I turned my head to the right side, coiled next to my arm, with its hood stretched, with its face to my level. Screaming, I ran from my room. I never even dared to turn back. I had to reach Mom’s room. At no time, standing in front of her door, banging like a maniac, shouting again and again “Mom, mum, mum…please, please, please open the door. Mum…” as soon as Mum opened the door, I threw myself into her arms, and hugged her tightly.“Kid, kid Sshh…Sshh” she said as she tried to soothe me down. “What happened ha, tell me…Sshh” taking me to her bed, she made me sit down, and wiped the tears of fear from my cheeks.“Snake…room…talking…close…” my speech came in such broken sobs and gasps she could not make any sense .“Take breath honey, take a breath, here” she handed me a glass of water “Drink, cool down” I gulped down the liquid in one go and cradled my face in her neck.“What happened?” she asked again “There-there is an s-snake ii-in m-my r-r-room. Talking-h-hissing-c-calling mm-my n-n-name”“Ra, sweetheart, sleep now. Sleep next to me, all right. Mum is here Yes, I am here. No fear now right?” she kissed my forehead and laid me on the bed “Sshh” she patted me on my forehead till I drowned and lulled to sleep.
Next morning, woken up by a small jerk on my shoulder, I sat upright on the bed and took the morning tea from mum’s outstretched hand. Sitting next to me, she said “How was the sleep?”“Good” I smiled. She smiled in reply, and then became serious again “So, what was that last night?”I bit my lip and looked at her, again “A nightmare. I mean,” I hesitated now “Too scary for me, I could not control myself”“ Really” she stared at me, giving me the look which said, she could not be fooled by anyone, least me “Rashi, you are hopeless in lying so, don’t even try to speak it”“I am not, mom,” I said, looking at her sideways “No one is in my room right now if you will go and check. Being my first day yesterday, I was so excited about everything,” I played my hand “That’s what really happened”“I did check into your room” she said while sipping “Yes, no one’s there but, the creature won’t be in now, must have slipped, if you have come into my room”“ I was dreaming” I repeated myself.
**********************************************************************
What is wrong with me? I sat in my library chair with eyes closed. Whatever the talking snake is no dream but a living nightmare. Terror, which had been visiting me for the past two nights and that too, at the freaking hour of midnight. No, I am not dreaming but, it was kind of necessary for me to lie, especially, when I had been so careless to run to her at the dark hour of the night. Of course, she must have been terrified herself. After all, she is weak where such things are concerned. Especially the mention of the word “snake”, enough to emit a reaction from her because of that creature the reason, dad is not with us today. This creature had broken, shattered my family like anything. It has not killed two of my family members but, also has made us emotionally weak. Mum had always considered me responsible and strong. Why did I run to her last night? When did I lose my common sense like that? I was scared of my core last night. Especially, when the creature was coiled so low near my arm. The picture of it came again in my mind, and I shuddered. I had picked up the phone, to order a strong cup of coffee, when the phone rang on its own accord. Picking it up, I said “Hello” “Rashi” “Good morning Sir” I steadied myself, as I recognised Shesh’s voice “Good morning. Did you by any chance have the book named “Business through ages”, in shelf no 13?”“I will look for it Sir,” I said “I am making a list right now, of all the books that are needed. How about I call you after some time? Or, if you want, I can simply search for it and bring it to your room”“That would be better” a slight change in his tone “And…”“Yes, Sir,” I asked“Sent the “Trade Analysis 11” to Ahi Khinna’s room, he had called for it”“Fine Sir,” I smiled and was about to keep the receiver down when he said, “Give it to Hari, all right. Don’t…”“Go to his room, I know Sir,” I smiled “Koyal told me that much”“That’s all well,” saying that, he cut the line
Giving the “Business through ages” to Shesh’s room I thereby proceeded to my floor again; heading towards Ahi Sir’s set of rooms. The black door at the end of the corridor, I turned the knob and entered inside. As the atmosphere in hills is always cold, chandelier hanging from the ceiling was lighted in the day, too. After the door, the corridor stretched some more. Left and right held the one-one room, and the farthest end of it had one grand door.“The Dragon’s Den” I recalled Koyal’s words. That must be his office. Shuddering inside, even though I have not seen him in person till now, I checked the right-hand side signboard which said “Personal secretary room”.Hari ! I proceeded to his room. Knocked once, twice but, nobody answered. Slowly, I said, “Hari Sir, are you there?”Again silence, nobody answered.I silently pushed open the door and glanced around. The room was empty. Shrugging, I closed the door and turned just to see the opposite was the private elevator, through which Ahi Chauhan must be travelling, in the building premises. Two large crystal made vase adorned the side of the Grand Door. It was so quiet all around me that, I was even scared to breathe. Now, what should I do? There was no one in the personal secretary room, and I had no intention to go inside the den myself. If the book was not supplied at proper time then, he will say to Shesh Sir that his secretary was useless. Whatever, the biggest question was that I had to deliver the book to him at any cost. That was my job, wasn’t it? Should I leave the book on the doorstep with a slight knock? No, that will not be considered wise. Books are not meant to be kept on the floor.But, I can always try. Sending a small prayer to Lord Almighty again, I knocked on the door so lightly that it was, as if, I was caressing it. You can do it Rashi, I said to myself. I knocked again. No answer. I repeated my knock here again. I was given a copy of every room’s key in the building if ever an emergency arrived. Should I use that?Some minutes passed before I gave up, and turned the knob of the door. Bingo, it was already opened. Pushing the door slightly inward, I entered the room with the decision made in my mind, to simply leave the book on his table, so, it will appear that his secretary had left it there. If he said anything later on, then I will reply with these words“No one was there in the room, and even your secretary was not in his seat. What could I have done in such a situation?”

Ahi’s room was nothing as I had expected it to be. It was a simple piece of classy antique’s with a big glass window on his chairs backside. You could see the whole priceless beauty of hills from there. It was so large and spacey with a comfortable lounger on one side, surrounded by a table, a vending machine, a soft rug beneath it. In the middle of the room there was his big working table with pen stand, and what not high technology gadgets. A big beautiful photo of his, constructed in a frame, adorned the wall, beneath which, stood some pair of chest drawers. Beautiful, I mouthed the words, before I could control myself. He had a mini house here. A photo frame stood on his table which had its back to me. As I proceeded to the table to keep the book, I made sure that nothing is disturbed there. Whose photo was that? My curiosity has always landed me in trouble in the past so, I tried hard to resist it. It must be Khanak’s, my mind said, his childhood sweetheart. Of course. But, I reasoned with myself, it won’t be any harm to anyone if I just look whose photo was adorning that frame. I had barely raised my hand when one lead hard cold voice said from my back “What the hell are you doing here?”
Oh my God, my heart fluttered like a wild bird in my rib cage.  Slowly making myself turn to face the dragon himself. Please God saves me, I prayed. I never raised my eyes to watch his expressions. If I keep my eyes down, he won’t shriek at me. His hands balled themselves into a tight fist, as if, trying to control himself.He was standing at a distance till now but, I saw his feet walking up to me. I closed my eyes and opened them again, before saying “I am ss-sorry Sir. I …just…came to give your book which you had called for…”“Are you new?” just one question, which held an ounce of anger “Yes, but, I was informed about your certain rule. I could not find Hari Sir in his office, and even yours too had no one so…”“To intrude my room”“No,” mistakenly, I raised my eyes and then immediately lowered it “To keep it on your table” In that one frantic movement, that was the first official introduction both of us had to each other. The portrait was different but seeing him in person was altogether a different experience. It wasn’t the case that I had never seen such handsome, smart, eye-candy kind of boys before; trust me, the local Mussoorie people were like that, but, Ahi Chauhan!He was something which cannot be defined in mere words. The last time both of us met that too, I did not see his face properly. Even now, I didn’t saw him fully but, had a glimpse of his cold personality. All of a sudden, fear caught me. My heartbeat went one notch higher, and I prayed to God, that if only he can shift from in front of the exit, I can simply leave the room. The hands bearing steel rings going white as slowly any blood traces left it.“I am sorry again” I said, hesitantly “Please…I should go” saying that, slowly, I raised my eyes to see if anything warm is there on his face. I swear to God that, in my entire life, I had never seen such a charismatic face. There was something attractive about that face but, what exactly? I could not put my finger on it. He was, as usual, 5’11” of his brothers. His eyes, which were different from the other two, were the most beautiful feature on his face. It was like he had D.A.N.G.E.R written on all over his face. His jaw was set; as if, it was taking all his strength, to not to explode with anger simply. His lips were of partial blue colour but, apart from that every other feature was like his brothers, elegant, sharp, and fine.As I kept on watching, silently, he stepped aside from the entrance. Swiftly, without looking left and right, I made it to the door and had just opened it, when is he calling me“Are you Shesh’s Khinna’s new personal secretary?”I turned quickly, and with a slight smile, replied “Yes Sir,”“Ok,” he paused, and then asked “Name?”“Rashi Sharma” I kept my expression the same. A flicker of something in that stare of his but it was momentary. I just wanted to leave this room as soon as possible, now, when he was here.He nodded and said “Ms Sharma, if you had been told about every rule of this office then, one of them says that no women, apart from Nuwa, is allowed in Ahi Chauhan’s part of the building, correct?”“Yes Sir,” I hesitated now“As this was your first time, I will leave you with a warning that this should be the first and the last time you are stepping in my area. Am I clear on that aspect?”“Yes Sir,” I nodded again.“Fine” he said, “You may leave.”
************************************************************************
“So,” Koyal asked in the recess time “How is it going?”I was still shaken after that brief encounter with Ahi so, I was concentrating on my sandwich, which made it less. God, what was it about the person that emitted such powerful vibes of danger all around him. I still remembered his face, those two great eyes and on the slight lisp in his voice, as he spoke to me. Does he hate women so much that even a mere sight of them makes him go all cold and rude? Well, he wasn’t behaving like that to me today. He was cold, but not rude. Whatever, the warning was given to me, and I shall stick to it. Suddenly, I was recalled of something else “Koyal, can I ask you something?”“Sure” she took a sip of her tea“Do you know something about talking snakes?” She looked at me as if I have lost my sense. She kept on waiting, hoping that I would laugh but, when nothing came out of my mouth, she said “No, I haven’t. Why do you ask?” “Nothing,” I said “I was just curious”“Are you alright Rashi? Have you completely lost your freaking mind? Snakes don’t talk honey. What a stupid question” she snapped as she said that. Presumably, she thought that I was making fun of her.“ I am alright” I repeated myself “ It’s just that, this documentary on Discovery the other night on snakes and, all of a sudden, it came to me that, what if snakes do talk to a human? You know, a normal curiosity”“Stop watching those stupid documentaries. I don’t like snakes. They scare me. Hell, they scare everyone.” She paused and said “Only those mentioned in myths had the power to talk.”“Myths are just myths” I said, shaking my head. Not only replying to her but, telling myself internally too, that it was just a nightmare. I should sleep with some weapon next to me.
That night, sleep had left my eyes, and I lay awake in my bed. I had put the alarm of twelve in my alarm clock because as I remember, in previous nights the creature had visited me around this time. If the same thing happened to me today again then, I will make it sure it never happens in the future. If nothing happens, then I will be assured that I was precisely dreaming from the past two nights.Regularly, I use to close the windows, and when I use to hear the faint hissing whisper, I noticed the windows to be opened. Not today, I said to myself. I won’t get scared. I was restless right now, so I walked up to the windows and opened them. Cool, chilling night breeze lifted the tendrils of hair from my shoulder.O God, I said, let it be a dream only. If it turns out to be an unfortunate ugly truth than…? I didn’t want to answer that question right now. Well, I will see what I can do. If actually, a talking snake was visiting me for two nights, then, I will tell it in plain words that I am not interested in talking about it. If still, it does not go then I will do one thing which I had never done in my entire life, I will kill it. I had kept a big sturdy bamboo stick next to my bed so; I can use it if any emergency arrived. I seriously don’t care what will happen to me then. It could be that it may attack back. I was ready. I need a cup of strong coffee to keep me awake till twelve. I proceeded back to the kitchen.

I was sitting in my computer chair which faced the window right now. The window was open. Time drifted slowly right now, to my utter disappointment    Clock hands sluggishly moved from nine to ten, ten to eleven and then, finally, eleven to twelve. As soon as twelve struck, the alarm on the clock went on and I was wakened up from a drowsy state. Slowly, without making any noise, I got up from the chair and faced the window without forgetting to take the bamboo stick in my hand.Any minute now, any second I will hear that whisper again. The hint which called my name as if caressing it. I shivered to my core. Taking quick breaths, I went towards the window as if I was expecting a fairy and not a crawling reptile.I waited and waited but, nothing came on the window. Only my eyes were too heavy now, and I wanted to go to bed.I told myself, you were just dreaming. If it would not have been a dream that wouldn’t the creature must have had shown itself right now. Leaving the stick on the floor, I closed the windows and pulled off the curtains. I am so silly. I laughed at myself and had just covered myself with the chin when the phone kept on the bedside went buzzing.Who is calling at such a late hour? I picked up the phone and saw the screen. There was no name the only number was displayed.“Hello,” I said, “Rashi sssss,” Oh my God, the total numbness went through my entire system. I was frozen on my bed. It was as if the whisper was coming from some corner of my room. I got up from my bed, switched on the light, crazily went through every nook and corner before I was convinced that the voice was coming from the phone and not from the room itself. I sat on my bed and said “Who-who is this?”“Me, your friend sssss”I closed my eyes and opened them again “No,” I said “You are not my friend. You are some freaky creature who is after me, why?”“I like you sssss” it repeated that sentence “But, I don’t like you, monster,” I said almost shouting“I made you scared last night and I didn’t want to repeat the incident so, I called you” it whispered again this time without lisping.“Then stop calling me” I was crying on the phone “You get me? I don’t like you. I am not interested in talking to you. You are nasty, a killer. I hate you” I said, finally out of my breath this time“No matter, I still like you,” it said “And I will continue liking you angel, nothing can stop that”“Who are you?” I said, this time a silent sob escaped my mouth“Your friend,” it said again“Tell me properly” I cried “Who are you?”“I told you sssss. Your friend”“Stop calling please” I was pleading now “You are scaring me. Night after night, day after day. Every night, I am scared to go to bed, and that’s all because of you. Stop it, for God sake, stop it”“Sorry” I heard some faint unnamed emotion in that whisper “If that is the case angel, then, I won’t call again, I promise but” it paused “I will still like you. You can’t take that right away from me”“Fine” I said “But please stop these calls and visits” Saying that I cut the line.
Next day, I was too tired even to get up. For the simple reason that I slept, later could not believe myself. I was seriously brave last night. From now onwards, there will be no more scary calls and visits. Only I and my peaceful sleep again.I was still thinking about that thing and was smiling unto myself when I heard the library’s door getting opened. Immediately, my attention was pulled in that direction. In came a figure clad in a black leather coat, with soft fur on the neck. Black hair hanged to the waist and no sooner lady’s face was turned into my direction, then I got up from my seat, and stared at her, with my mouth hanging open.Nuwa Chauhan, small face adorned with long, dense black hair, a sensuous smile on those rose- petal lips, big red eyes with thin vertically slitted pupils, iris unnaturally red. Height 5’8”. Slowly, with dancing steps, proceeding to my direction. I could see why Vritra fell for this damsel. If I would have been in his place, then surely, I too, would have chosen her, she had such a peaceful air around her.“Hello, Ms Sharma” she stood opposite the table and had her hands rose in my direction“Hello, Mam” I smiled and took her hands in mine. I noticed that even she had a weird sign of a snake eating its tail. The kind of which I had seen on Vritra’s hand, on the day I was introduced to him. “Ouroboros,” she said as she caught me staring at the tattoo “It’s a tradition in our family. The elder son and daughter-in-law have to wear this sign”“It’s cool” I smiled nervously again “Please, have a seat”“Thank you” she said and seated herself.“What would you like to have?” I asked as I picked up the receiver “Coffee, Tea…”“Tea, Please” she smiled again. Flushed till hair root, I ordered it and after keeping the receiver down I stared at her again “It’s so good to see you in person I mean you look entirely different in that wedding portrait and totally amazing right now”“I am not looking for compliments but, thank you all the same” even she had a small amount of lisp in her voice. Chauhan’s, if you ask me, was seriously weird in some ways. “So,” she asked me “You are enjoying your job?”“Totally” I smiled again “Well” she smiled “It’s good to know. Shesh speaks very highly of you. He says that you are excellent at your work. It’s tough to make him praise somebody, but when he does, he does it open-heartedly”“That’s very gracious of him,” I said, all the same, “ Rashi,” she asked “I just wanted to meet the new secretary employed here and also wanted to know if you are not suffering from any problem”“None, till now,” I said “Thanks for your concern Mam”“You are welcome but, this is not the only reason why I have come to meet you. Rashi,” she became all serious “Our sister company’s owner, Khanak Thakur has an upcoming birthday party which is being organised in Hotel cloud end, you must be knowing about it, I believe”I went all speechless as Cloud End was the oldest and expensive hotel of the Mussoorie. It was built in 1838 by a British major as one of the first four buildings of Mussoorie and has been converted into a hotel. What it's surrounding was full of various flora and fauna.“Cloud End” I said “Yes, of course, Mam. I do know about it”“We have confusion” she smiled “As we are so new to these hills so, we have decided to take one employee along with us who can show us the way to the destination. I was thinking of all the names when Shesh suggested that we should take you along with us as you are the native of this place”“Me?” I was surprised and smiled nervously “I would be glad to go with you Mam but, won’t it be wise. If I could just tell you the directions, you can easily make your way”“No, Rashi” she got up, as she said “I have decided that you are going with us. Come on now, be professional, and take this as a business meeting.”“If you insist” I said, “Then, I am ready.”
“So, you are going to a party?” mum asked as she saw me getting ready for the gathering.“Yes, mum” I turned to her “Don’t wait for me and go to sleep all right. Closed the door tightly, don’t let anyone in. Don’t forget to take your medicine as soon as you finish your dinner, OK”“Yes Mum,” she imitated my voice as she heard the instructions which I gave. This was my usual routine, whenever I had to go to a party or something.“Who is coming to pick you up?” she asked, as she kept my discarded shirt back in the cupboard“Must be Shesh Sir,” I said, as I picked up my bag and then went down the stairs. Wrapping the muffler around my neck, I looked at her and said: “Remember my instructions Mum, alright, Bye.”
It was freezing right now, I thought, as I wrapped muffler tightly around me. The bus stand, which use to be customarily filled up in the daytime, was empty right now. Apart from an old man and me, currently, there was no one there.A dog slept near the feet of the bench on which I was seating. I glanced at my clock which had struck seven-thirty right now. The party was supposed to have started by now. Where is Shesh Sir? I thought.As if on cue, a black swift slightly halted in front of me, with its black glasses slightly rolled down. Before I can make out who was in it, a high squeaky excited voice called out to me from inside it“Hi Rashi”Moonlight was falling on her face in slanted rays, but even in this much light I could make out Shliya Chauhan’s features. I was simply in shock; she recognised me when I had not even met her. Of course, her family must have told her but, this much frankness in one go. I smiled nervously “Good evening, Mam”“Let her come in Shliya,” said a cold voice coming from her side. O God, I shuddered inside out, “Dragon” is driving the car, where is Shesh? Till the time I wondered on this aspect, came another voice “I’ll open it”, and the door swung open.Before I could say any other thing, I seated myself inside the vehicle. It was not until I have seated myself inside that I saw Shesh sitting next to me.“G-Good evening Sir,” I said“Cut the formalities girl. This evening, I am just Shesh, alright”“Alright Sir,” I said again“Khinna” said Shliya from her seat “At least introduce her to me too”Till the time I was introduced to her, we were already standing in front of the grand building. All four of us stepped out of the vehicle, as soon as it was safely parked. Shesh and Shliya were talking among themselves. The only person who had not even said a word during the whole way and was still silent was Ahi. I don’t know but, I never understood why the brothers called each other “Khinna”? What was the meaning of this word?  Was this some secret code word between them? Chauhan’s were seriously growing on me now. It had been just a mere five days since I have joined them and in such a short time they had developed so much of trust in me that sometimes that generosity of theirs scared me. Or it could be that; I was simply overthinking on my part.As soon as we stepped inside the premises of the hotel, the atmosphere inside was nothing as I had imagined it to be. There were no decorations, no flowers adorning the walls, no cake on the table and as far as I could tell, the number of people too was very less. There was a big round table in the centre of the hall which was laid up with certain varieties of mouth-watering delicacies. A soothing guitar played by some person, sitting in the corner was the only music which was there.The only people, whom I saw at the entrance turned out to be Vritra and Nuwa, along with Khanak’s parents, and two girls. Vritra’s face turned towards us with a smile on it. He shifted slightly and whispered something in Nuwa’s ears which elicited a blush on her cheeks. What were they talking?.“Ahi,” shouting out with delight a girl came running to Ahi, hugged him around the neck and then kissed him swiftly on his cheek “ I am so delighted, you here,” she said, as she left him.“Happy Birthday, Doll” As soon as she turned to three of us, I knew who she was, Did Khanak Thakur needed an introduction here?  Golden black curls are hanging around her neck. Eyes like Nuwa, glinting in all their glory and a die for the figure, which could make every girl go burning with envy. The golden net gown fell to her feet, and high heels complimented her. Yes, Oh Yes, Khanak was made for a person like Ahi. I smiled at that.“Hello, Shliya” she hugged the fairy-like girl standing next to me in a big embrace“See,” Shliya said, “I told you, I won’t miss this time event”“I am glad you didn’t” Khanak laughed in her girly way and then turned to Shesh. I had intentionally hidden behind my employer so that she doesn’t notice me“Shesh Khinna” she embraced him in a warm hug. The wrong action,  as exactly at that moment, she spotted me, standing on his backside.“Happy birthday, Khanak” he said and left her. Unless like Ahi, he didn’t kiss her back. Well, that was something.“And who is she?” taking my hand she got me in front “Trying to hide from everyone’s eyes”“She is Rashi,” Shesh looked at me and then back at Khanak “My new personal secretary” he smiled and then looked at me again “Good evening mam,” I smiled and raised my hand to wish her “Happy Birthday” She kept on looking at me for some stalling moments before she finally took my hands “Thank you so much Rashi. Why were you trying to hide from everyone?”“She is nervous K” Shliya giggled and turned the conversation to some other topic “So, where are the others?”
Until the time I was introduced to Khanak’s parents, I was so confused  I could not remember any of their names. Every person presents there had an absolute beauty to their face. Whether it was Vritra or Khanak’s mum. But, one thing was sure, I was not afraid by any one of them as I was with Ahi. What exactly did that boy had in him which always made me scared? It was the previous introduction given by Koyal of his that had made me so negative towards him. It could be that psychologically, I was tuned in that kind of way too. Whatever, I was thankful, after that day I didn’t have any contact with him. Not even a small encounter, also.I was sitting in a chair, silently listening to the guitar when Vritra called everyone to his attention.“Please come for ceremonial raising of the toast for the birthday girl, everyone” The red wine was served. When it came to me, I simply shook my hand.“Take it,” Shesh said “It’s one of our traditions”“I don’t drink Sir,” I whispered “Not even on occasions?” he raised his eyebrows “Never,” I said and took up an orange drink. He smiled and didn’t say anything. As soon as Nuwa finished with her speech, everybody applauded and sang a happy birthday song for Khanak. I was surprised; there was no cake. Maybe, she must not like it. Many people considered cutting the cake as sheer nonsense. Soon dance began. It was a classic kind of party with only family friends as the guest. Thakur’s and Chauhan’s, which is to say.Being treated as neglect, I walked up to the big opened doors which lead to the garden. Moon was so clear. Still lost in my distant thoughts when the faint ringtone of my phone brought back to the present. Must be a mum. She tends to get worried if I get late.“Hello,” I held the device to my ear as I said that “Black suits sssss you angel.”

As if hit by a thunder light, my grasp on my glass became almost became death grip, mouth went dry, and my tongue felt too thick to say anything. It was that creature,“Why are you calling me now? Didn’t I tell you not to call me?”“I tried,” the whisper came, “ I tried with all my might but, I can’t stay away from you. Why do you hate me so much? Am I that bad, Ra?”“Don’t” I said “Don’t you dare to call me that alright; I am not your friend or anything. Yes,” I filled enough rage in my voice “You are not just bad. You are worse than that, nasty creature, stay away from me”“I am sorry, but, I can’t” the voice said again “Black suits you, don’t wear that silver rings with it. You should be adorned with diamonds and not some cheap metal”“How do you know?” I said and searched around me in anticipation of seeing him again near some bush or some chair corner.Apart from the normal crowd, there was no one. “How do you know I am wearing black?”“I have my eyes on you 24-hour angel” it said, a sigh of contentment rang on the line “Whether you are asleep or awake. Are your employers treating you well baby?”“Listen whoever you are” I said “I don’t want you to spy on me all the time, you got me? If you don’t stop calling me then, I will report this number to the cops,” There was such a loud guffaw on the other side but, it didn’t appear nasty, on the contrary, it appeared quite soothing to me. “You don’t hate me, angel. No, you don’t” it paused and then continued again “You are scared, simply scared but, that’s alright. If you hadn’t then I would have to question your sanity surely,” there was an intake of breath “With the creature like me, Humans tends to get scared”“Shut up” I said, and cut the phone
I was down to core scared now, as I turned to go back to inside’s warmth. Dinner had started, and I was just about to make it to the table when, Khanak walked up to my side, with a small anxious expression on that beautiful face of hers “I am sorry,” she smiled again “But in all the celebrations, I just could not take time out to meet the special guest of the evening” her eyes twinkled. Presumably, making fun of me. Well, that was nothing new, because she had got the power to do that, for the time being. I smiled and said “It’s all right mam. After all, such special occasions are meant to be celebrated with the family and near ones”“Intelligent,” she said “and brilliant, those two words define you pretty well”“Thank you for that description” I smiled and instantly looked at my watch which said, it was high time that I should return home. Mum had not called yet, but she must be getting worried. I told this thing to her to which she replied “What’s the rush? After all the party has just started” why did her words sound hollow to me right now? As if she was just doing a formality?“Thanks for your consideration, mam” I said “But, seriously, I would like to go back now. Happy birthday once again” I went up to Shliya and informed her about my leaving “So early?” she asked “Yes,”“OK, Let me tell Ahi Khinna to drop you” that word again, and the mention of Ahi.“No,” I said “Shesh Sir, would leave me” I smiled to hide my hesitation. Shesh dropped me till my doorstep with the words of “Take care.”
That night, I kept on changing sides with the haunting memory of that phone call roaming in my brain. I smell something very unnatural, very scary in that. Of course, what could be stranger than the fact that a snake was talking and that too without opening its mouth? There was some strange creature behind me who had developed a fascination for me only because I had committed an error of saving it from the local people. It looked like a snake but, it was something more than that. Something horrifying, something out of this world, what should I do? Because wasn’t this the truth that, I didn’t hate it but, was scared of it Was it speaking the truth? Did it have its eyes on me every passing hour? If not, then, how come it know that I was wearing what colour with what accessories? God, I sat upright on the mattress and took some gulp out of the water bottle. This creature was driving me crazy. My most significant dilemma, I could not even talk about this weird thing with anybody for the reason that people will call me insane. Koyal’s reaction was still fresh in my mind, as an example.But what was the harm, my heart said, in talking about it? It was not. On the contrary, it just wants me as his friend.Whatever, I shook my head, I need to sleep.
Next day, as I scribbled in the file, a list of the books currently present in the library, now and then, my mind kept on playing the scene of Khanak’s nearness to Ahi. I too wanted someone like that. Someone, who knows me better than everyone else, someone, who calls me lovely, even on my bad hair day, and someone, who only adores me for the way I am. Suddenly, the image of that snake erupted in my mind again. Will it be so sorry if I become its friend? Didn’t it say that it liked me, in spite of my telling that I hate him? Didn’t it love me for the way I am? But the creature is not natural, said my practical side. So what, said my heart, it still likes you, didn’t it said so. Don’t be such a heartless person. If it calls you again, then tell it that you both can be friends but, it should never come in front of you. In that way, you will be kind to him, and you won’t even get scared.But still…But my thoughts just vanished in the puff of smoke when the person, who had opened the door came inside. Oh Holy, Ahi Sir! Immediately, I ducked my head deep into the file so that, I appear to be genuinely engulfed in my work. Through the corner of my eyes, I saw him walking between the racks, caressing the spine of the books, as if, he was their secret lover. Heated, I lowered my eyelashes and started to concentrate on my work again. All of a sudden there was a rustling sound and before I could look at it, the whole load of books, scattered on the floor. Ahi was sitting on his toes, collecting one by one and thereby piling them up. In a second, I was there and started helping him with the collections. Not one of us said a word to another. We were collecting the books and piling them up on top of one another. Later on, I kept them in the racks in their assigned places. “Sorry,” he said, as he gave me one cold look “Expanded your work, didn’t I?”“It’s alright sir,” I smiled, as I looked at him “I must guide people, if they have some work with a book or if they need a particular book. Did you find what you were looking for?” I asked as part of my job. Why did he gave me such furious stare as if I have said something, I shouldn’t have?“No,” he got up, dusted himself. I too got up and asked “If you need a certain book then you can tell me all about it, I can search for it. I will supply it to Hari Sir, without entering your territory”“I wonder if you will be able to find it” saying that he made his exit, leaving me in a beautiful state.Now, what did I do?
I sat in the cafeteria with a cup of coffee in my hand, steering it absent-mindedly without noticing that the foam had disappeared entirely till now. My life seemed like a pretty movie drama to me now. A weird talking snake that could not just talk without opening its mouth but, even can make calls, had developed certain kind of likeness for me. My boss and his entire family were very different from ordinary human beings. They had strange features, and more than their elements, each of their eyes was merely intriguing in their way.
My job, my employers, none of them scared me apart from one person, and one supernatural creature, which was haunting me these days. I felt like laughing on my condition; it was so dramatical. A small smile came in my mouth. Shouldn’t I ask the creature what exactly it is? Only, if it calls next time. What if it doesn’t? Then… that will be great. Yes, that will be great. My mind was happy; my nerves thrilled but then, why was there a small disappointment in the corner of my heart? If it calls or…“Hello” somebody kept a tray of eatables in front of me and pulled the opposite chair. Shesh was looking at me, with a concerned face “Something’s bothering you?”“No,” I shook my head and gazed at him, smiling. He too smiled and then continued “You didn’t notice when I pulled the chair so, I thought, maybe you are lost somewhere”“I am not able to sleep these days so well,” I said “Want to share it?” he crooked his brows, as he said that. “No,” I said, “There is nothing to share”“Your wish,” he said and sipped his drink. Should I ask him? Maybe he can help me. No, said my better side, leave it.“Yesterday’s party was great” I smiled “Thank you, Sir, for giving me this opportunity to attend it”“It’s nothing” he shook his head and then said again “What exactly had happened to you yester evening? One minute you were perfectly enjoying the event and another minute, you were eager to go back”“Nothing, I thought,  Mom must be getting worried. The time had gone up and the night had gone dense” I lied, knowing that in no way, I could tell him about the phone call of a supernatural creature.
I came back home, kept my bag on the table and threw myself on the comfortable sofa. I was bone tired. Sleepless nights were taking their toll on me. Whatever, I had plans to sleep peacefully tonight with no scary calls or hissing sounds, waking me up.“How was the day?” mum handed me the cup of hot steaming tea and seated herself beside me“As usual, tiring” I said and sipped my hot beverage.I looked at her and wondered how she had the strength to keep from working like a robot. She had to look at her clinic on the one hand and the home on another. I wish I could have that kind of stamina in me too. Mum was always like that, strong. Even after Dad’s death, she had managed to pull herself together for my sake. If it hadn’t been for her, where I would have landed in my future?“What happened?” she looked at me, as advertisement flashed on the screen of the television “Nothing,” I said “Lucky I am to have you in my life” She smiled and patted my hand with these words “I am lucky to have you too. Now, before I get too emotional, and starve both of us to death. I should prepare some dinner, what say?”I nodded as she went to the kitchen. Mum never preferred going all emotional and sentimental over the past.  What’s done cannot be undone, she said that one should never cry over the past loss but, should always keep on moving in life. She said these things only to make me secure. She could not hide the tears when she uses to be in her room. She still missed Dad like anything. When I was studying in school, I had mostly spent my childhood in the hostel. Mum had deliberately taken that step, so that, I should not get affected by the house environment. Right after I finished my twelfth standard, I decided to take care of her and support her in every step of life. I made it to my room as soon as I had my dinner. I took a hot shower, wiped myself dry, changed in my night pyjamas, and came to my room. I closed my eyes and prayed, that tonight, let it be a peaceful night. I did not have any strength to face any scary crawly creature.
As I woke up the next morning and stretched myself thoroughly, it was sunny today.I was surprised to notice that I have woken up from mum. Typically, it was her duty to wake me up. Not a problem. Let me make a cup of hot tea for both of us. I went to the washroom, brushed my teeth, splashed a hand full of cold water on my face, and gazed at myself.“Good morning” I said to my reflection, smiled stupidly. It was then; it occurred to me I had no calls or visits from the creature last night. Wow, I turned to leave the washroom. Could it be real that actually, the creepy creature had got my message, finally? It was weird for some unknown reason. I didn’t feel much happy as I should have been. Was it because I had spoken so rudely to the creature last time? I was guilty of acting that way towards it. I had made it to the kitchen when mum emerged out of it with two big cups in her hand. As she looked at me her expressions gone into an amazed one.“Good morning sunshine” she said smiling and handed me the cup “Early today? Any special work?”“No” I giggled. Funny, I was happy for no reason today. Finishing my cup, I went to the washroom to get ready.
After that night, I was 50% convinced that the thing won’t bother me again, though the other 50% was still with a small hint of doubt. Maybe, this was just one-night rest. It could trouble me again, soon. But, slowly as night after another night passed, I was getting relaxed that seriously the thing has given up on me. It will finally won’t scare me again.Singing to myself, I was working in the library looking for various tags which I should attach to the shelves when, out of somewhere, a beautiful guitar played a melodious tune. The tune held all the notes of heartbreak. The pain in tune was so acute that, I merely halted in my work, and stood motion still. Who was this? Who had such pain in his/her heart that it was visible so acutely, even in the music?
Must be Shesh because hasn’t Nuwa told me that Shesh did play a music instrument. But thus far? I was amazed. The guitar strings pulled my heart to it; I was forced to leave my work where it was. The sound came somewhere from the back garden, which was never used by anyone. I followed my hearing to take place where it was being played. There was a small balcony on the backside of each floor from where one could look at the garden. I went to it and peered down so that the musician could be spotted. The music was coming from behind a thick bush. I could not detect him or her from such a distance, no matter, how hard I tried.It would be a waste to go down. He will stop. I waited and waited for the person to come out and show himself. The music went on and on for some more time and then ultimately came to a stop. Come on, I said, show yourself. I waited again but, nothing came out. I went back to my library room hoping to catch the person some other time.
Another day came to an end, and I was packing up my belongings. Winters have started, resulting in short days and long nights. I was just locking up the room when I saw something lying on the floor. A polybag, precisely. What was this? I wondered and proceeded to pick it up. Usually, nobody came on this level. Only when they had work, did the “Royal people” came on the floor of the library. As Ahi Sir had his private elevator, his side of the big door remained closed. Only when he had some work with the library, did he opened them.As soon as I opened the polybag, I was surprised to find a velvet box inside. A big “C” was embedded on the top of it. It must be of Chauhan’s. Someone must have mistakenly dropped it here. I should return it and be about to keep the box inside the bag when my curiosity got better of me, and I looked at the content of the small table. It appeared to be a ring box.In the faint corridor light, I opened the box and was dazzled.
I kept on staring at the jewel as if I had seen some divine light. It didn’t matter that I was simply under the trance state, the beautiful ring lying in all its glory against the soft violet fur bed. I don’t remember when the last time I had seen such classy beauty was? But, what mattered, was, the glittering light which shone out of the beautiful ring, the simplicity of it, which stole my breath out of my lungs. The diamond enclosed in the middle of the metal band was shaped in the size of…of something. Something, which I cannot recall right now, suddenly, like a holy prediction, the word came into my mind. Like a Cobra’s Eye, yes, like a Cobra’s Eye. The kind of eyes, which I had seen of that creature, the hissing growling Cobra, Gosh, I need to get a break.I was memorising the creature too often these days. The jewel in front of me was that, a beautiful jewel. Searingly beautiful but, beautiful all the same. I took the ring out of its enclosed state and held it in my palms. I shouldn’t have done that. I should have left the ring where it was, and closed the lid as soon as I had opened it. I should have listened to my common sense, which was shrieking to me right now, that, I should not touch it. But, ignoring all of them, I kept it in the centre of my palm and went on staring at it with awe. I forgot that it was already time, and I should go home. If it would have had been possible for me, then I would have surely kept on staring at it for my entire life. Suddenly, my focus was broken by a sudden sound coming from the wall clock. Out of my dreamy state, I glanced at the clock, and the reality hit me. Before everyone vacates the building, I should find someone, to whom I can give this thing back. Of course, the staff must have left till now. The very rare possibility was, I may find someone from the directors. This appeared to be their house jewel if I was not wrong. Hastily, I rushed to the elevator, and in no time, I made it to the ground floor. As soon as I reached the ground floor, the shiny land rover of “Dragon” stood in the parking. Heaving a big sigh of relief, I rushed to it, hoping that maybe he must be inside it. If he is there then, I will return the bag to him. I had just reached the side of the vehicle when he approached the car from the other side.  Does he stay in that territory of his 24 hours? Doesn’t he visit any part of the building during the interval hours? I had seen the other three roaming on the premises but, I had never spotted him. Maybe, he does. Whatever, I was here to return the bag, that’s it. No sooner did he saw me; I sensed his whole frame going tensed. What happened to him, whenever I was around?“Good evening Sir,” I smiled, as I greeted him. He silently nodded and then asked me “Anything off Ms Sharma? You seem to be out of breath” I stared at him for some seconds before speaking” Yes Sir, actually” I handed him the poly bag and said “I found this bag in front of library’s door, as I was locking it. It seems, someone from your brother had dropped it there or, it could be Nuwa mam.” Giving me a look, he opened the bag and took out the velvet box from it. Instantly, his expressions changed from that of cold to shocked one. His jaw set and it appeared as if, his teeth will soon snap in two.“Sir,” I asked, concerned “Are you alright?”“Yes,” he nodded, and when he raised his head to answer me back, I was amazed at the amount of anger. “Did you saw, what it was?” he asked “It appeared a sort of ring box so, I guess, there must be a ring in it” I lied. Grimly nodding, he said “Thank you for your help umm” he gulped the water of his mouth down “Ms Sharma”“You’re welcome Sir,” “How are you going?” “By bus, Sir” I smiled again. He remained that serious and said “Sit inside. I’ll drop you”“It’s excellent Sir,” I spoke “I can-““I said, sit. Inside” he stared with that look again, and I was unable to say no
“Where do you live?” he asked, until the time both of us have crossed half the way. Of course, how foolish of me. He must not be knowing about my address.“Near Chick chocolate, that is on Mall road” He nodded and kept on driving silently. It had been five minutes since both of us were silent. Finally, I started a conversation “You’re girlfriend is very beautiful” He seemed to be taken aback by that kind of talk. He looked at me sideways, and said “Who said I have any girlfriend?”“Khanak mam”“Oh, alright” he gave a curt reply. Does the boy never smile, I questioned myself? I was now and then giving him my stupid kind of smile but, he never reciprocated any of that.“Where do you live?” I asked him“Near Mossy Falls area”
My mouth fell open. Amazed, I looked at him. The fall was surrounded by dense forest and was 7 km from Mussoorie. Bus from Balahisar or Barlowganj town leads up to it. Chauhan’s lived so far. They had to get up real early in the morning if they had to reach to Sir George’s Everest area. My mind went in for different questions. If they were from such a far area then, why did they had to put up an office here in the main city? They could have put it somewhere in Barlowganj or Balahisar, why Mussoorie? Must be liking the place, “What’s the time, Ms Sharma?” the sudden questioning of his pulled me down from my train of thought. “it's eight, Sir,” I said, hesitantly this time “Are you hungry?” he asked in that same strict tone as if, he was my warden and me, a un-obedient child “Of course Sir, but, don’t worry” I said, “Mom must be awake till now. She will be keeping the dinner ready” There was a red light on the Gandhi Chowk for the time being, so, he looked at me “You live with your Mother, where is your Dad?”“ My Dad is dead” I replied in the same way.  His voice turned onto some warmth as he replied “I am sorry. I shouldn’t have asked”“It’s alright” I smiled again “I was just ten years old when he died so, I don’t remember him that clearly”“How did he…” he left the question in the midway “Snakebite. Till the time an antidote could be searched for, he was already blue. Nobody could do anything” I replied. His knuckles turned white as they grasped the steering wheel more tightly. As soon as he left me on my doorstep, immediately, he turned in the opposite direction, without even waiting for me to say thank you to him.Weird Guy!
That night, as I lay in my bed, I kept on thinking about the small conversation I had with Ahi Sir today. Suddenly, the phone bell went buzzing, and I picked it up
“Hello”
“Hi Ra”
“Who is this?”
“Kaya,” My mood went into that of a happy one. God, it had been days since I last had a conversation with her. “Kaya,” I said “Hi, how are you? What’s going on these days?”“I should ask you that, instead” she said, “Little Ms Librarian had seemed to forget us, as soon as she took up in Chauhan industries, ha? Not fair, Ms Sharma” “I am sorry,” I said “The work was too much; I lost count of the day’s”“It’s alright,” she said “Deepak had asked me to call you and ask if you are happy at that job of yours” Thanks for asking honey,” I said “Yes, I am happy”“Well, it’s great.”We talked for a little while more, before, she kept the receiver down. As soon as I kept the phone back on the table, it rang again. Now, who is it? “Hello” “Rashi sssss.”
I was so tuned to this voice that, I swear, I could recognise it anywhere. This time, though I was still scared, I didn’t shriek, nor was I shaking. There was some weird sense of relief in me; I was amazed at it. Sitting on the bed upright, I answered calmly “You” “Yes sssss” it whispered in that old lisp voice “It’s me. You told me to stay away from you but…”“Don’t” I say “Don’t say that. I am sorry for being so rude to you in the first instance. I was very scared when you first called me. I am, still” I said, to remove the shakiness from my voice “But, the intensity of the fear has reduced with time. I was missing your voice for so many days.” I took a breath “It’s the truth” Blimey, it was the truth “So,” it said “You are not scared of me, anymore?”“I didn’t say that” I said “But, Yes, I am not that much scared of your voice. Though, if you presented yourself in front of me, then, I might go shrieking in another direction once again” A whispery chuckle on the other end, and then, its voice “Thank you, angel. Thank you for that small amount of trust” “Why do you call me an angel?” I asked  “Because, for me, that’s the place you hold in my life. If it hadn’t been for you, then, I might have been killed by those men’s that day. I thank full to you for that” “It’s alright” I said “It’s not such a big deal. If anyone else would have been there, then they must have had done the same thing, who are you actually?” the question just came out of my mouth, before I could say anything else. I kept my silence and waited“ I was beginning to wonder, if ever you will ask this question to me” there was a pause, and then, what came out of its mouth next, totally turned my world upside down “ I am a were snake, Rashi” I didn’t speak anything, for a minute. I was surprised at the amount of shock when I shouldn’t have. Didn’t I already have my suspicion on the supernaturalness of such talking creature? Why then, all of a sudden, I was feeling less of words? “Alright,” I said as if used to hear this kind of things every day when, in reality, I was too shocked to say anything “I see” “Do you?” it lisp again “Do you know what a were a snake is, angel? I am a shapeshifter, a lycanthrope, a creature who can turn into a human, and a Cobra, whenever I want to do so”“I know what a lycanthrope is, thanks anyway for telling me” I said, as I grasped the bedsheet tightly, so that my voice does not shake. Another earth-shattering silence and then he asked me “Scared?”“Somewhat” I replied honestly “I won’t lie to you”“Thanks again for that,” it said,“Do you have a name?” “Why do you ask my name? Just call me friend. Have I already told you my biggest reality”“You have called me your friend? Don’t friends should know everything about each other?”“Call me Vasu” it said” My near and dear ones call me that”“Vasu,” I said the name and felt thrilled, saying it. “Tell me something more about you? Where do you live? Who is there in your family? Do you work somewhere? What do you eat? You must be in college right?” my question list went endlessly. I had so many of them and, then more.“Slowly Ra” it whispered “I can’t answer all of them in one go. I will answer them slowly, and incoming time” “What does that mean?” I asked “That means, I will answer every question but, one question, one day” “That’s long,” I said, going restless all of a sudden “You have to learn, to be patient honey” he whispered,“Now, can I ask you a question?”“Go on,” I said, “Are you now my friend, or not?” Should I be?  But the answer was always inside me. I just had to mouth the words now “Hey, I am your friend. Never doubt that” “So, that means, I can come to your room to meet you again?” it asked again “No,” I said “Please don’t, or I will die of a heart attack. It will take some time for me to get adjusted to this reality of yours. Until that time, have mercy on my condition and don’t come in front of me, especially not in your reptile from” A whispery chuckle and then it said “fair enough. I won’t come in front of you, till the time, you call me” “Vasu, can I ask you something?” “Sure,” it said, “You said that you can take human form too. Can you meet me in that form someday? Not in my bedroom, of course” Again a silence, but, there was an answer now “I will come in my human form but only when I will feel that, it’s safe” “Cool,” “Sleep now an angel,” it said” You need it. Good night” “Good night, Vasu,” I said and then, switching off my bed lamp I went to sleep. That night, first time, I slept deeply and contented as if, everything had turned out to be as satisfying as I wanted it to be. My life has indeed taken an exciting turn after making a were snake, my friend.
Next day, I whistled unto myself, as I descended the stairs and made it to the dining. A certain light weightiness in my chest after last night talk to Vasu. Vasu, what a charming name? Seriously, I was too rude to him in the first, but now, when everything had been sorted out between both of us; I had made the right decision. The friendship was still a little fragile right now, but, I felt an absolute peace in myself for the time being. He must like me, because, if it had not been that, then, he would never have told me its reality? Hell, it would never have talked to me after that incident in the temple, thereby, creating suspicion in my mind and scaring me to my core. Stop, I told myself, don’t read too much between the lines. He was thankful that’s why he had to talk to you and reveal his reality to you. I was relieved that this had finally settled itself. “Bye mum,” I said, as I stepped out of the house. God, it was getting freezing these days. Fog, humidity, mist whatever you want to call it. Hills are like this whole year. I walked to the bus stand and waited for my bus.
I was working in the library and was going through the daily newspaper when the telephone set named “Vritra” gave a red light. Immediately, I picked it up “Yes Sir,” “Ms Sharma, come down to the meeting room, we are going to start with our monthly annual meeting. Make it quick”“Yes sir,” I hurried to the elevator. As the elevator landed on the first floor, with quick steps, I finally made it to the meeting room. As soon as I entered, there was a grave silence all over, and every eye turned towards me. “The triumvirate” sat in the front, with Hari and Koyal by their side. Next to Koyal, it was my name and so, without making any hustle, I quickly seated myself in it. Shesh smiled at me, and I returned it. Vritra and Nuwa were sitting together, with Nuwa whispering something in his ears; his head silently shaking in acceptance. Ahi, on the other hand, was utterly tranquil, neither looking left nor looking right. The meeting started with, Ahi, speaking on certain guns, which were considered to be a deal of benefit for the company. As soon as I opened my file, to take notice of some critical notes, my attention was immediately held by a particular black mark, which was there in the centre of my palm. What was this? I rubbed my hands together to get rid of it. It did not go. I will look into it after the meeting gets over, I decided.
Soon the meeting got over, with Vritra’s thank you speech. As the applause died down, everyone was invited for small refreshment, which had been arranged in the corner of the hall. As I proceeded to the counter, for taking the tea and cookies Nuwa, came to me. Lady had a style, walking with such grace. No wonder, every male gaze, apart from Ahi and Shesh, looking at her with such admiration and lust. It was not breaking news for her that, if she had not been married, then right now, every man present around me must be thinking, what would she be like in bed?“So, how was the meeting, Ms Sharma?”“Great mam, considering, that it was my first one” I smiled, as I took a sip of my drink “Well, I am glad. Is everything going well these days? I mean, with your job, your life?”A certain amount of unexpected curiosity, in that voice of hers.“Fine mam or I would say, great” I replied in my chilled way “Good, all the best” she proceeded to Koyal’s side. That evening, as I went back home, during washing myself off from dust, I saw that black mark on my palm again. I scrubbed it hard, rubbed my palms again and again but, it appeared that it was attached to my skin, engraved on it. What was this? Why wasn’t it going away? My hands had started stinging red now due to continuous scrubbing and rubbing. I didn’t pay much attention to it and quietly left it where it was. After some days, I had completely forgotten about it, considering the fact it wasn’t causing any pain to me or that it was only visible to me.
Five working months rushed passed me. During these months, I developed a great working environment around myself, and a certain amount of confidence in my work, too. Apart from Ahi, everyone in my office was pretty happy with my performance. Shesh had even given me a month salary in advance, telling me that he was pleased with my punctuality, my dedication, and all above, my hard work. This was indeed a significant achievement for me. At night, I was progressing in my friendship, with Vasu. We talked a long while, as he answered my question one by one, as he had said previously. I still remember the talk which had responded to, some of my much-awaited questions “Vasu” I had said, “Tell me, what exactly you eat?” “We are omnivores, Rashi” he had said “We can thrive on both human food as well as living humans, too” “You mean you eat humans?” I got scared, as I asked that “Have you killed or eaten any in Mussoorie?”“No,” he said “My family lives on human food. We do get excited by the sight of blood like every carnivores snake but, we know how to resist. Others like us, normally, can’t” “How many of you are here?”“Me, and three more snakes, that’s it” “All like you?” “All like me” he replied and then continued “We are here to search for our pious Nag Mani, Rashi. The magical stone, emitted by my parents, the king and the queen. We call them “Kashyapa and Kadra” “What are these?” “The ranks are given to the present king and queen, and the future royalty to be” he replied “Alright” I sighed, as I rolled onto the other side and held the phone close to my ears “I have so many questions, where I should begin?”“But, you have asked every trifle details from me” he said “From my eating habits to my living condition” “No” I said “I haven’t. Tell me, how you came to know about my name, my job and every other thing about me?”There was a pause. I sensed, he didn’t want to answer the question. “Hello,” I said, “Vasu, are you there?” “I am,” he said  “your questions will have to wait for Ra. I promise, the day I will come to meet you in my human form, I will answer every lingering question in your mind. OK?” he said “I don’t have any problem,” I said “But, why can’t you answer the phone?”“Because,” he said “There are some questions, which should be answered with the direct conversation. As for knowing your name, I am a supernatural creature, having a certain kind of powers to myself. I can hypnotise people, and therefore, I knew everything about you through that. Do you remember when I turned my hood in your direction? The way, I just stared into your eyes”“Yes,” I said “how can I forget that”“Your eyes told me all the information, I needed” he chuckled again. I blushed till my cheeks, and thanked God, that he could not see me blushing right now. I said, “So, you came to know about my phone number, too, in that way?” “No, your mind told me that thing.I am having certain telepathic abilities” A supernatural creature, with hypnotising and telepathic abilities who was attracted to me, well, wasn’t that something to be counted of? “So, you can communicate with your brain to others?” I was curious “Only when I feel like, normally, I don’t”“Well, I am glad ” I smiled, and tried to stifle a yawn. “You are tired. Go to sleep” “I am not sleepy” I said “You are” he insisted “And I don’t want you to spoil your health. Sleep now. Good night”“Good night, hey, wait,” I said, too loud “Yes sssss”“When will we meet Vasu?” “When the time is right. Good night now” saying that the line went dead.
Life has suddenly started appearing a roller coaster to me. My job was going just fine, or I should say, more than fine. I had a specific wonderful feeling, where my employer was concerned. Though, we were on good terms with each other but, it seems, he was acting pretty strange around me. Shesh Sir was the sweetest person in the whole office and also very refined towards me. These days, he had started working nervous around me. Well, in the past too, we use to have so many conversations in the lunchtime, as the office had such less number of employees but, these days, apart from a standard Hello or Good morning, afternoon, evening, he barely spoke to me. Even the tension between Ahi Sir and him, which was pretty visible to me in the past five months, had started getting denser by every passing day. What was wrong with him? In meetings, I had caught him, several times, glancing at me from the corner of his eyes. He thought, that I never noticed, the kind of coveted glares he sent me. The most prominent surprise was, that, in the past, I was just scared Of Ahi Sir but, these days, I have started fearing Shesh, too. I asked his problem but then, only halted in my process. What if he tells me, that it was none of my business? Sometimes, you just can't know about these blue-blood people. They can be sweet at one moment, and sour the next. I left the matter where it was. On that one particular day, I was working on some problem, his advice, now and then, resonating in my ears. He was giving me some directions regarding it. Suddenly, before I could watch my actions, my palm surface got cut, as it got rubbed against the sharp edge of the glass. “Ow” I winced, the tip covered with a drop of blood. Shesh face turned to me, gaping at me in horror. He was by my side. Before, I could make any sense of his action; he took the finger into his mouth and tried to suck it dry. In that one instant, his blue gaze got locked with mine, and I read what I had never seen in that gaze of his. The raw need, feelings which were nameless right now, attraction, which he had finally laid open in front of me, his action of sucking my finger told me everything. Oh my God, I eventually conceded his problem in my mind. It was like, I had been blind till now, and this sudden accident had raised the curtain from my eyes. How did this happen? Did Shesh have those feelings for me? Horrified at my imagination, I snatched my hand away from him, my file from the table and hastily, made my way out from his room. I never even dared to turn back. As soon as I came out of the place, I broke into a run and did not stop, until I have made it into the elevator, leading up to my floor. As soon as I entered the library, I shut the door tightly, so that nobody could disturb me for a moment. Reaching to my table, I gulped down the entire water and breathed heavily. No, this can’t be. I must have imagined it. He was my employer for God sake, and my rulebook implied that I should never get about my boss, leave getting on with anyone.  I shook my head and decided, not to think of this aspect anymore. Maybe, there was nothing like that, and I merely imagined it too much. Shesh can’t feel those things to his secretary.
Until the time I reached home, took my dinner half-heartedly, washed,  and finally laid on the bed, my mind was still reeling in that direction, where it had been, all tiring day. Finally, when my phone bell rang, then only did I have some relief. Vasu, it must be him. Grinning and sighing with ease, I picked up the phone “Hello” “Hi, angel. How was the day?” “Tiring, as usual. How was yours?”“Tiring, as usual” he gave me my answer back. I kept my silence. I was confused, how to tell him everything, which had taken place today? Should I, simply, blurt it out? “Rashi sssss “he whispered again “What happens? You are very quiet” “Nothing,” I said “What happened in your college? Anything new, that you studied?” He had told me once that he was studying at a college, doing his bachelor’s in Arts. “Vasu,” I said hesitantly “I need to ask you something” “Yes sssss,” he said again “Do you like me?”“Of course, I do, angel” it said “I always say that, don’t I? I have told my family about you, and they are pretty excited, to meet you” I closed my eyes, it was in situations like this, that I considered him human. In fact, six-month was about to come to an end, since we have become friends. In these months, I have told him everything about myself. My family, job, employers, office, everything. He uses to get excited, as I told him my daily routine. It made me relieved,   happy, in an unusual kind of way, that I cannot describe. “What was the name of the person, you were scared of, in your office?” he asked “I have forgotten his name” “Ahi Chauhan,” I said. Even his name was enough to elicit a shiver in my spine “You told me once that he had a girlfriend, right? How does she look? I will have a chance with her?”A pang of envy, so sharp, pierced my heart. He dared to think of anyone, besides me, it was enough to flame me, internally. Pouting, I said “Mr Vasu, if you are so interested in that Khanak Thakur then why don’t you talk to her, instead of, talking to me? You seem to be pretty interested in her, ”“Jealous?” he asked me “of course, I am stupid. How will you feel, if I tell you, that I am dating someone else?” “You aren’t” he chuckled but a small edge underneath.“You mean to say, that, you won’t be affected, if I tell you  that somebody has approached me?” I asked, disbelievingly “Nobody will dare to do that, you are my girlfriend, Angel” immediately as the words left his mouth, a thrill came to my chest. But, it seemed to have an opposite effect on him. He became silent, and then said “I am sorry if I offended you” “Vasu, answer me honestly” I held my breath “Do you like me in a normal way, or…” I left the sentence as it was, hoping, that he would guess the direction of my question “Or?” his voice sounded silken. “Or…” I said. “Ask me correctly. Then I can answer” “Vasuuu” irritated and got up from my bed, I proceeded to the window side “Don’t play games now. Come now, tell me, do you like me in a friendly way or, in a way a boy likes a girl?”“Umm,” he said, and gave a dramatic sigh, as if, he had no other option “I like you,” that will do, for now, it seems, I have to wait for some more time to pass.“OK,” I said “Fine enough. Then I should go to sleep” “So early?” he sounded amazed “It’s just ten-thirty”“I am sleepy” I said, sounding off, even to myself. He smiled on the phone, as he spoke again “You are simply adorable when you get offended like that. I enjoy you”“I am sure you do. Good night” I was going to keep the phone,
“Rashi” “Yes sssss” I imitated him, chuckling again, he said “I…Good night” It was so sudden, that I could not make clear head or tail of his actions.
It dawned on me much later then, I have realised. I loved Vasu.  When, or how did this happen? I mean, people will call it an insane action of mine, when they will come to know that, I have fallen in love with a person, by merely talking to him through phone, from past eight months. Yes, two more months had passed. Kind of, half the year had passed me by, since I have joined Chauhan’s, adding my friendship to a were snake. A mere thought, of falling in love with a was a snake, eight months ago, would have made me scared to my core but now, Oh God now, it seemed as natural to me as breathing. We have just known each other. During these eight months, I have asked him only once, to meet me. He had told me, that, when it will be safe, just then, he will show himself. After that, I had never pressurised him. I was treading on dangerous waters but, I only could not help it. Though, falling in love with a mythological creature will have its disadvantages, too. I didn’t care about that aspect now. I merely wanted to live in this secure cocoon, which somehow, had made its space inside me. Though, now and then, both of us kept dropping the hints to each other but, nobody spoke the words aloud. Who will say them first, that thing had to be seen. Soon the month of Diwali approached, with lots of buzz and excitement in the air. Diwali had always been my favourite time of year, after Christmas. These two festivals made me so confident in life.
This Diwali was very special to me. I wanted to tell whole Mussoorie; I am in love. Oh the delights of first love, internally I smiled to myself. Today was supposed to be my last day in the office because it was getting closed for Diwali holidays. The most considerable relief, my suspicion regarding Shesh Sir falling for me, had turned out to be just that, a mere suspicion. After that incident, he had barely talked. It seemed that for a moment there, even he had lost specific control of himself but, everything was alright now. I was about to leave for home and was just locking the door of the library, when I got Shesh’s call, saying, that he will drop me tonight. Humming unto myself, I took the elevator, which left me on the first floor. Out of the lift, I had just started walking to Shesh room when certain voices came from a nearby balcony. Vritra and Nuwa must have left by now, who was this talking so loud? I stood behind the wall because, the words were so bright that, I just could not resist myself from listening to the speaker “But you promised me, Ahi” it was a female sound “You are backing on it, now” Khanak Thakur, I rolled my eyes. I still remember her sarcastic remark, when I had gone to her birthday party. I shook my head,“No, I didn’t” Ahi spoke again. The anger clear in his voice “You made a promise to yourself that you want to go to the restaurant. I told you, that I am too busy these days and also, that I have no time to idle around. So, please Khanak,” there was a warning “Stop throwing yourself at me, unnecessarily. I have already told you, I consider you only my friend, that’s it, nothing more than that and, if you can’t get that simple thing in your mind, then I am sorry. You are in for a big disappointment” “That’s a lie. You do love me. You are just afraid to say it”“Suit yourself if you want to live in that happy bubble. Avoiding both of their eyes, I made myself walk to Shesh’s office.
Shesh was a cool driver. He handled his car, as if, it was a feather. So smooth and light. It was almost, as if, you were floating on clouds. I was still thinking about Vasu, about what I should say to him when I will receive his call. Should I just say everything, which has been going on in my heart for so many days? Or, should I wait for him, to say it first? My confusion level kept on increasing from day to day. I was so deeply lost in my fantasies that, I never noticed Shesh halting up the car, all of a sudden. It was when he called my name that I came out of my thoughts.“Yes Sir,” I turned, and saw him holding the car door open “Come, let’s have some dinner” “Sir,” I looked at him, surprised and then shook my head “I am fine Sir, seriously. I-““Rashi,” he said, this time somewhat, irritated “I am hungry, and if you aren’t, then, just for my sake, accompany me. Please” His expressions falling “It’s my birthday today” I felt like kicking myself. I turned to him and raised my hand “Happy B’day Sir, I am sorry,” “It’s alright” he shook my hand with small smile playing near his mouth “By the way, do you like Vegetarian or Non-vegetarian” I smiled at that “of course, Vegetarian, Sir.”
*************************************************************************
Seating ourselves at the table, which was placed on the outsides, the service boy came to our table “Good evening Sir, Good evening Mam,”He simply nodded, and I smiled at his direction.“Bring us two glass of water” Shesh said. I had busied myself with looking around. Reading up the menu, he gave the order and then looked at me “What would you like to have?”I told him. “So, you must be thinking that, why haven’t I had thrown any party or something, right?”“No,” I said, “How can I when I never even knew that it was your birthday today?”He smiled at that “Right,” “Did nobody wish you the whole day?” I asked him, curious about the sudden piece of news, which I have got from him. “Vritra and Nuwa did” he smiled, as he recalled something “they even presented me an amazing pair of punch bags” Boys, what pleasure did they have from getting a punching bag, as a birthday gift. I smiled at that, and the next question just came out of my mouth. “And, Ahi Sir” Instantly, his face went the colour of a red tomato. What was this thing between these two brothers? This was not the first time, Shesh had acted like this to Ahi’s name. In meetings too, I had noticed the way he acted around Ahi as if he was some untouchable, whose mere touch had the power to pollute him. Didn’t Shesh like Ahi? For a long time, there was no answer  “I am sorry Sir. If you don’t want to talk about this matter, then, it’s perfectly alright. I won’t force you”“I don’t accept wishes from strangers, Rashi,” he said, before, I could finish my sentence. “Stranger,” I asked “Who is the stranger? He is your brother” “My illegitimate brother” he shrugged casually as if that didn’t matter much. “His mother was the real love of my father, so, when she died, Dad had to take the bastard, inside the family”“I am so sorry, Sir” I had stopped eating and was gazing up to Shesh, in a dumbstruck manner “I have no right to say this but, you should not say something like this for him. After all, he is your brother, whether you consider him, or not. It’s bad enough that he has that title over him, without you making it much worse, than it already is”“I don’t care” he sipped his drink. I nodded and looked sideways. Was that the reason Ahi was so far from everyone else? It could be…“Rashi” he said “I am sorry, I shouldn’t have started this topic” I looked at him at that, and said “It’s alright, I guess, I really should have kept my mouth closed” “Hey” he grasped my hand across the table, as he said that “Are you upset now? I said I am sorry”“It’s alright,” I said, as I tried to take my hand back out of his grasp. Why this sudden revelation of his family matters to me? My mind suddenly came up with that question. I never asked him who was his family, or how they came here. He just started the topic all by himself. Yes, deep down inside I was curious to know more about his family life, past life, and the present one, but, somehow, this sudden revelation and his hands-on mine made it difficult for me to concentrate, on what I was going to say next. Hastily, nervously, I took my hands from his. The contact was so alien. “I would like to go home,” I said,  “It’s already too late” “Rashi” a sudden huskiness in that voice of his, as he spoke up next word “you must be considering all these things strange, but,” he struggled with words “ you should know everything about my family, about myself .After all, if you are going to be my girlfriend, then…” “Just wait a second there,” I said, “What-what did you say about that girlfriend's stuff, come again” He looked confused and almost slowed down as he said, “I said if you are going to be my girlfriend, then…”“Who said anything about being your girlfriend?” I asked him, almost immediately, as my sleeping rage level, slowly, rose up inside me. The man had the guts to call me his girlfriend without even asking my opinion on that matter. I was simply astonished by that.“I…” he looked more puzzled over my reaction, “I thought, you liked me, Rashi. That day in the office, the way you looked at me,”
“Your mind range is way much ahead than time, Mr Chauhan,” I said slowly, filling enough offence in my tone “Did you even asked me once about my feelings? Did you ever give them consideration before calling me your girlfriend?” I was surprised by the audacity of the man.“Don’t say that,” the hurt evident in his voice “I  thought…that you are too shy to confess them in front of me, so, I decided to make it easier for you”“There was no need,” I said, biting my lip, as I spoke again “When did I ever appear coy in front of you, Sir? If I ever had those feelings for you then, trust me, I would have had come to meet you myself and would have told you about them. You simply amaze me, Sir”“So,” the pain in his eyes,“You mean to say that…that-““I am sorry, Sir” I cautioned him with my eye, trying to make him understand “But, I don’t share those kinds of feelings for you. On the contrary,” I looked down now, knowing, that the next sentence I utter will be the one, which will make him sadder “I love someone else, how can I love you ?”
The whole way both of us kept the silence without either of us making an effort to break it. It was rude on my part to tell him in that way but, seriously, all those talks about girlfriend stuff coming from his mouth, really threw me off balance, for a minute there. How can he consider everything like that, when I never said those things? I had committed a crime by breaking someone’s lovely heart, and not just anyone, but, my boss. But, I was right to myself, that’s what mattered more. I just cannot say yes, to him, while knowing that in my heart there was someone else, that too, a were a snake! After dropping me on the doorstep of my house, he was just about to turn back, when I said “Thank you for the dinner, Sir, and Happy birthday, again” He nodded “Good night, Rashi”“Sir,” I said, filling my voice with enough warmth “I am so sorry, Sir. It wasn’t my intention to break your heart. You had good intentions, but” I looked sideways and then back at him “I have not even told my mother about this secret of mine so, how could I have told you, I hope,” I splayed my hand helplessly in front of him so that he could understand “I hope you understand my situation and will try to search for your mate elsewhere. It will be hard to forget the first girl or boy, you had your attraction to but, please, try”“It’s alright, Rashi” he said “My admiration for you had grown higher, because of your intrinsic nature. You could have lied by saying yes, to me, even though you love someone else. It’s not every day I propose a girl ” he winked at that, and I smiled, happy to see him getting normal “ But, still” he went serious again “It will take me some time to get over this confession of yours. Whoever the boy is, I must say, he is one lucky man to get such a loyal girlfriend” he smiled, though there  some piece of sadness still lurked in his eyes “May I know his name?”“You mind if I keep it secret?” I asked “No, I don’t” he shook his head and then, sighed heavily “So,” I asked hesitantly “Shall I consider, both of us to be just friends for now, or not?”“Yes, of course” he said, turning to me “I will try but,” he paused “It will take time,”“If you want, I can resign from the job…” I said, even though it made me sad. “Impossible,” he said “I don’t want to lose a good employee, and a friend” he smiled at that and cleared his throat “Well, forget it. Let’s call it a night and proceed to our sleeping nests, shall we? I am damn sleepy”  “Alright,” I said “I would like to say goodbye and good night. Drive carefully and message me, when you safely reach home” “Alright,” he said “Bye” and drove before I answered back. From that moment onwards, one thing became clear; it would be difficult to work as Shesh’s secretary now. One can always hope, and try.
Diwali holidays started, and with that started, the restlessness inside me. Shesh’s face, twenty-four-seven, roamed in front of my eyes, along with his voice. I wanted to forget that talk now, but it was embedded in my system, somehow. Why did everything have to turn up like this? I need some relaxation now. Though Shesh never asked me, I had read the question in his eyes, which asked, that if my boyfriend loved me too? What should have I answered to him? I never asked him? I should make my feelings clear to Vasu, irrelevant to his answer. Indirectly, I already knew his answer, but, still, a confirmation through words was kind of necessary for me, at this time. A day before the first festival, at night, I waited like crazy for Vasu’s call. In my bed, my gaze kept on flickering to the bedside watching, hoping, that now the bell would ring. I must have fallen asleep because, when the signal finally rang, rubbing my eyes, I finally picked up the phone
“Angel sssss”“Vasu” I heaved a sigh, before I spoke “Hi, how are you? Why did it take you so long to call? I was tensed, thinking that something has happened to you?”“Ra” he lisps “cool down, I am fine. Busy that’s it. Why what happened?”“Vasu” I closed my eyes, as I said, “I want to meet you.”
Complete silence on the line, as I finished. Is he shocked? “Vasu” I spoke again “Are you there? Are you listening? Say something”“Ra” he spoke again “Are you alright? How can I meet you? Do you want me to come over in your room?” happiness lurked in that voice.“No, I want to meet you in person. I want to meet you as a human” My voice shook and wobbled, “Rashi” he sounded startled “Angel are you crying? Something has happened, isn’t it? Tell me”“Nothing has happened” tears rolled down now, my internal fear, suspicion, and doubt, had appeared now. Fear that my love will go unanswered. Fear that Vasu may be considering me as his friend, when I so wanted him, to take the place of a lover. Wiping my cheek, I said again, literally pleading this time “Please Vasu, please love, meet me once. I want to see how my lover looks like. Please, once. It had been eight months; eight months, ” I paused, wiped my cheeks again “Enough for anyone to fall in love, isn’t it?” his voice, full of wonder resonated on the line “You love me Angel sssss? You love a were snake?”“Of course stupid, how can you ever doubt that” I gulped down a sob. Did love made you cry?“Think one more time, Rashi” he said “Are you saying it from your heart? Because I fell in love with you from day one.” “Really?”“In our Naga tribe, a male chooses a female by bedding her. This is how two people fell in love but, a rare case happens if a Naga falls in love with a human, girl or boy.In someone thousand years this thing has happened, that a Naga of our tribe has fallen for a human, that is, me” he paused “For that to happen, a Naga feels connected to the human as the human turns out to be his soul mate, not girlfriend or wife but, like true another half. When that happens, only that person matters. The World can go to dogs, for all it matters”I felt like floating, flying high beyond my expectation.“And, what happens to a human?” I asked lightly, smiling this time“ the same thing. Apart from the Nagah, the human will never be connected to anyone, whether human or any other lycanthrope. This is common in all the other lycanthropes that are a werewolf, were-cheetah, werebear, and all. I wanted to say these words to you long back but thought that you would get scared. You were already scared by my real form, weren’t you?”“Yes,” I cracked a smile “But, not now. Tell me, when are you going to meet me?”“Soon” he said “Say, after Diwali?”“So long” I asked, “What about tomorrow?”  “Tomorrow” he sounded doubtful “I am not sure if I will be able to” “You can try,” I said“Sorry love, I won’t be able to and, I don’t want to make you disappointed. So, I promise, after Diwali, on your assigned place, I promise”“Thank you” I said “Now, I can sleep peacefully”“Ra” he asked again “Has something happened today?”“My Boss proposed me,” I simply told him “I told him, NO”“What did he say?” The idea of Vasu getting jealous with Shesh thrilled me. “He said, that the boy who is loved by me, is fortunate” I smiled“Indeed, I am” he chuckled “So, he has given up on you?”“He has, for certain” I said, again“Make no mistakes, angel” he lisps again “You are mine, and nobody can take you away from me”“Sleep now Love, Goodnight” I said“Good night.”
Diwali, the celebration of love and happiness was one of my favourite festivals. I simply loved it. Though, right after Dad’s death, mum and I were too sad to celebrate it for years, so, when I finally turned fifteen, we started celebrating it. Like every year, I was busy decorating the entire house with lightning diyas with mum preparing dinner. The delicious aroma, from the kitchen, entered my nostrils. I was right now on the roof, making sure, that every small corner is covered with the Diyas.Suddenly, my phone went crazy. This was from the morning onwards. Wishes, laughter and talks, was one of the standard happiness factors, in the celebration of the festival. I was merely tired of attending the phone calls from the morning. Only push the green button, I held the phone to my ear, without paying much attention to the caller“Hello”“Happy Diwali, R-Ms Sharma” that cold, I-rule-the-world voice was enough to make me guess the name of the person, on the other end of the phone. But, still, I wanted to make sure that actually, it was Ahi Chauhan, and not anyone else.“Happy Diwali, Ahi Sir,”There was a small chuckle and, then, I heard him “How did you recognise me? I thought nobody can ever recognise my voice”“I just knew” I simply said, “Was there any work, Sir?” I asked, because, Ahi called me, only when there was some work he had from the library, or when he had to order some new books, for his work.“No,” he said “I called to wish you happy Diwali from the side of the entire Chauhan family. As for work, Yes, I have some work from you”“Please, go ahead then, Sir” I smiled “Ms Sharma, for two weeks I won’t be coming to the office, even after Diwali break gets over”Yes, I thought, I won’t have to see him for that many days. I felt like doing rock n roll.“Oh,” I filled my voice with enough sadness, as if, that was the news of great grief “That’s too bad, Sir. We will miss your presence in the meetings” You could not have given me much better news…“Thanks for your concern, Ms Sharma. That’s why I decided, to ask you, simply work. I had taken some books from the library so that I could read them in the holidays. I have finished with their reading, and I will be sending them to the office, through the hands Of Vritra Khinna or Nuwa Kadra, alright. You can collect them from my office by using your keys”“But Sir,” I said, hesitating this time “You have forbidden anyone to go in your area, what about that?” “That’s what I am telling you. I have told Hari to permit you inside my room. The books will be kept on the table so, you may collect them from there and if, by chance, Hari is not there then don’t worry. Simply enter the room with the help of your emergency keys, alright”“Very well, Sir,” I replied “Good night, Sir. Happy Diwali once again”“Good night” saying that, the line went dead.
I was waiting desperately for this Diwali week to get over. Not just because I was bored with domestic life and wanted to return badly to my professional life, but also, because, after Diwali, Vasu had promised to meet me. The place wasn’t decided yet, but, that was no hassle. I had agreed to meet him in the Nag Devta Temple.As I counted the days, soon the break came to an end, and I returned to my office life. Days beamed with happiness. Everyone was relaxed, refreshed, after such a long break. The first day, when I entered my library, I glanced at every single thing. From the table to the book rack, seemed, as if, they missed me too. Shesh Sir was also very delighted to meet every one of the employees., I didn’t saw a flicker of any other emotion in his eyes, apart from happiness and excitement. I was happy that he was trying so hard, to overcome my rejection.“Good morning Sir,” I said, as I entered his room with his daily schedule“Good morning, Rashi” he lighted up as he saw me and got up from his seat. After supplying him with all the information, I was about to take my leave when I recalled Ahi’s work. Books, I thought, I had to take them. I asked the same, to him to which he said that, he had no idea and that I should better ask for Vritra Khinna or Nuwa Kadra. What was the meaning of these two alien words “Khinna” “Kadra”? I so wanted to ask them these questions but, was afraid to ask, if I offended them or something.“Rashi” he called, as I was about to exit“Yes Sir,”“About that night…please, I pray you, don’t tell anyone about the things I told you about my family…about Ahi…” he didn’t finish but, there was no need to, as I said “Don’t worry Sir. It’s a secret, which will be in my heart until the day I die”He simply smiled and said “Thank you, friend. Stop calling me Sir, call me simply Shesh.”“I can’t, Sir” I said “For you are my boss and following the office etiquettes, I should stick with your official title only, so” I paused again “Sorry to disappoint you once again. As for now, I should go to Ahi Sir’s room and take the books back. Good day”
Certain nervousness arose in the pit of my stomach as I inserted the key in the lock. Hari was absent today, as it seemed to me now, so, I took the only option which was left to me. I used my emergency keys and soon heard the click from the other side.Pushing the door towards, I stepped into the small corridor which had Ahi’s private elevator in it and Hari’s room, too. Total silence prevailed here along with the lighted chandelier hanging from the ceiling. Gulping down enough saliva to calm myself, I entered the smallest looking key in the main “Dragon’s Den”.A click sound, and slowly I pushed the door open, careful enough not to make any noise. The Dragon had permitted me to enter his den, I thought. I was not committing any crime, why did I have this guilt? Everything was covered in darkness. Searching for the switchboard in the rear wall, I switched on the light. The curtain had been moved in front of the back glass window due to which, there was such darkness. Moving to the window side, I ran the curtains so that, the light may enter the room. Smiling to myself, I turned and had just moved to the table, to collect the books from it, when something caught my attention. That photo frame, which I had seen there for the first time, which I could not look for the simple reason, that Ahi had entered at the central chance, my curiosity got better of me again, whose photo adorned Ahi Chauhan’s table? Carefully, I rounded the table and stood in front of it. Still, I could not see the person in it correctly, as the outside light was creating a reflection on it. Picking it up, as I held it in the right amount of view, I had gone numb. My face was heated entirely up to my hair root. My tongue thick and mouth went dry. The occupant of the frame was none other than… me!
I could not believe my eyes as I kept on staring at the frame for end number of seconds, before; I could make out a head or a tail to that photo. Me, I thought again, why did Ahi have my picture on his table? I blinked my eyes several times before; I was convinced that I was not dreaming or hallucinating. What was my picture doing here? What does this all means? I was still staring at the photo frame with a puzzled expression when, absent-mindedly, I caressed the sides of the frame. As if I have given the magical command, suddenly the drawer beneath the table, stood open. I gasped in amazement, as I saw that. What was going on? I could not stop myself from gazing at that drawer and its content. Slowly, as if something inside me was commanding me to do that, I sat down and saw the thing lying in it. It was a black diary which said “Ahi Diary”. The miracle of miracle happened, even on its cover, I saw my name written along with Ahis. It was written in this way “Rahi”. Combining my, and Ahi’s name! Then, before I could control myself, my hand went to that out of its own accord.  It was wrong on my part to read it.  I should have left the matter where they were but, I could not. Not, after seeing my face in that photo frame. My hands were shaking, and I was shivering from head to toe until I took the book in my hands. No Rashi, don’t, it's terrible manners…don't Read it.I don’t care, I said and, with shaking hands, I flipped open the diary.

I could not find it, yet again. When, when will I get that Mani? Why is God so unfair to me? Wasn’t it enough that, I have already lost them?  It will take some time but, where is it? Didn’t Nuwa tell me that it had to be somewhere in Mussoorie? I am so confused…I still can’t forget their faces. The horror of it, as I saw those two assassins burning their bodies. Raja Saab and Rani Sahiba, just like it had happened yesterday. I never told Vritra and Nuwa about it but now...The night, when Raja Sahib and Rani Sahiba had emitted the three magical stones from there inside, was the night, I had been ordered to call Vritra Khinna. But, I didn’t. How could I? When, it was his and Nuwa’s first night, after the wedding. It was one magical night. Khinna and I are the same in our appearances when we are in snake form. So, without informing him, I took the way and went into the jungle. Jaipur jungles, have always fascinated me from the day, I entered this family. Being an illegitimate one, I believe, had some advantages. Full moonlight, greenery all around me, it was the time when the magical process took place. Raja Sahib emitted green one which Mom told him, belonged to me, as I am his love child of, his one true love. She said that actual Love mattered more than anyone else. Mom gave out two red ones which she said, will be the responsibility of, Vritra and Shesh Khinna. I love my Mum and elder Khinna for the love they have shown to a bastard child. Then as soon as the process ended, two shadows emerged from the tree side, of those two cruel people. Big bulky looking one attacked Raja Sahib, thereby, slashing his mouth from the head. This was only too much for me, and Mom, to take in.Another one was merely standing by the side, watching the crime. He never moved from his side but, just took the three stones handed to him, by the massive one. It was so dark that, I could not make out their features. Mum was killed next, in the process of saving me. I only had to hide, so that, I may return safely to the castle and tell everyone about the murders.Uncle and Aunt, as soon as they heard about the killing, said the four of us only to move out from Jaipur, as, without Mani, we were just that, helpless and without any power. If the three stones would have been with us then, Vritra Khinna could have been the next “Kashyapa”, in line. The King of the were snake, with Nuwa as “Kadra”, Cobra queenThe quiver, i.e. our group, needed that but, it was just because of those two men, that we are orphaned now. Three of us, to say guess if Mussoorie will be home to us now because, Jaipur will always remain, one. It was bad enough that I lost not one but two mothers. My real one and the step, who became more real to me, than anyone. Mom named me Vasu, once. I remembered when she said that Kashyapa, the great Vasuki, was the greatest of the King Cobra in the Naga tribe history. She uses to say that to me, she sometimes, glanced him.I will always be the “Parijana”, the attendant; helper of the quiver. I would have been given the sacred responsibility of carrying out and enforcing decisions made by Kashyapa and Kadra, to fulfil all orders of punishment. Raja Sahib always thought that Parijana held equal authoritative power as the Kadra, two often see eye-to-eye. I can never see eye-to-eye to Nuwa. She is the only elder sister I have got after she got married to Vritra.I wish we find it in Mussoorie because, as legends state, this is where the Great Vasuki discovered his one right soul mate, the great Kadra, Mayuri, first Cobra Queen. I often wonder sometimes that, how a Cobra can fell for a human. Mayuri Kadra was a human, so I heard, from Nuwa, once...Will I ever find anyone? I turned the pages…I don’t remember when the last time I saw an angel, but I am sure, that I saw one, today. She was there, like a bright star in a night. She told people not to hurt me. Such grey eyes, as if the cloudy mists before the rain. Mouth, the delicate rose petals waiting to be plucked. I think I want to get lost in those eyes for my whole life. She is brave, courageous and just like me…alone, waiting for real love. At that moment, I just wanted to change back in my human form, embrace her and tell her that I am ready to give her every single drop of love that is stored in my heart, from that moment, for her.She is frustrated with a job; her mind told me that much. She has got a name more beautiful than the sweetest berries I have ever tasted, Rashi. Her physical self is an irresistible temptation for me, a temptation, which I won’t resist,  I love her like crazy. Isn’t that what Nuwa told me once that, when my girl will appear in front of me then, I will simply care less for others and more for her…Turned some more pages…She is here, in the office. Thank God, my scheme of recruiting her worked. Though Khinna said that she was amazed at that stupid Deepak Kathra’s, in whose wife’s birthday party I had visited and who have simply forgotten me, confused her by saying that he never forwarded her resume to Chauhan’s office. True, we never got her resume but, it was necessary to answer her that her resume was forwarded to Thakur’s office from where it mistakenly came to us. Stupid Kathra!.He could have simply ruined my plan. No woman is allowed to enter my office. I wish, someday, when I will explain her density of my feelings, that day, I will be able to show her not only my office but my home and especially my bedroom...Shesh will always hate me, but, I deliberately told Khinna to make her Shesh’s secretary so that, in this way, she will be under my vision. O Ra, if only the circumstances were simple if only, I could have been the extrovert kind of boy that it would not have been hard for me to show you how much I care for you...Vritra and Nuwa are happy for me, especially Nuwa, who always considered me off in the world. She says that Rashi has changed me. Well, who could take out faults with the delights of love?…..The girl has been simply scared by my appearance in her bedroom. I don’t blame her. She has a sweet, innocent soul, If I had been in her place then, I would have run to another direction, just like she did. I planned to see her sleeping simply but, as soon as I saw her sleeping form, I simply could not resist myself from entering her room and call her name in my snake tongue.  It was wrong on my part to do that but, Rashi brings out those wild tendencies in me….…she missed me. It will be some time before she accepts me. She made me her friend. It’s alright; I am not in a rush to proceed with my relationship with her…….She loves me. O Yes…though she has taken such a long time to confess it. The little tease the girl is but, I love her talks, her laughter. Hell, I love everything about her. I guess, what will she say to the fact when she will become aware that the person she is afraid of most in the office is the person she is in love with? will she be happy or sad? I just hope that she doesn’t get too offended.The one fact that Ahi is Ahi Vasu Chauhan! Her Vasu!
I kept on sitting on the leather chair. It didn’t matter, that I was getting frozen sitting on that cold seat or that, it was nearly one in the noon and I have been sitting in that office for the whole day. All that mattered was that I simply could not move from my place. Empty, inside out. Cold, deep within me. As if, somebody has slapped me hard, or as if, I have come to the party which had already taken place yesterday. Cheated, betrayed. All the talks I had shared with so-called Ahi Vasu Chauhan in the past few months started flashing in my mind’s eye. I could hear him laughing at me. Laughing at my foolishness, on my empty brain, that I simply could not recognise him in the first place. My situation was when I had no idea whether to laugh or cry. Laugh, on my foolish brain which could not add two and two thereby creating the answer of four. Cry, on my empty dreams, baseless hopes, and worse than, one feeling which had once taken me to the sky and which, right now, had dumped me so ruthlessly on earth. Love. I need some air, to think about things with a fresh mind. Eight months, I thought, it took eight months for me to finally…But, I could not complete my train of thoughts and right now, my eyes were staring at a golden locket which was lying on the wooden base of the diary drawer. Keeping the diary in its right place so that, nobody has a suspicion of it being read, I took the locket in my palm. It was an almond-shaped golden locket hanging by an elite light golden chain. I kept on looking at it with blank eyes. My emotions were in the complete dishevelled form right now.  Should I be happy or straight away run from that office, and do not look back? Right now, the locket was opened from the middle with its back to me. Turning it on the other side, I looked inside, and this time for sure, a tear slipped on my cheek as I saw the content of the locket. On one side of the Locket one big ‘An’ and the other there was an ‘R’!
**************************************************************************
As the machine worked on its triple speed, I sipped the hot tea, which had been supplied to the library along with some chocolate cookies. I was a thrill right now as I saw the diary’s pages being photocopied on the sheets of white paper. I didn’t want to say anything right now, apart from the feeling, which told me that I should better read till the latest date, of the new entry in it. When I have already broken so many rules, which were:1. Reading my employers diary 2. Indirectly, falling in love with my employer, when it was clearly in my professional rule book that, I should never fall in love with my boss, leave falling for Boss’s brother then xeroxing the diary was least in it. I knew I wouldn't be able to read it whole, in one day nor was it possible, to read it in instalments because, after today, I won’t be visiting Ahi’s room. Hell, I was even planning to stop visiting this whole building, after some days, if the circumstances demanded so. Who knows, I might resign! I had completely shut my brain to any internal conversations. I had to read the whole diary in detail before, making any decision. The machine beeped the signal ‘done’, and I immediately left my seat, to get the papers from it. Collecting the papers from the machine, I stapled and kept them on the table. Taking the diary, I retraced my steps back to Ahi’s room and kept it in the drawer. Giving the photo frame a last fleeting glance, I quickly came out of the room, locked it, came out of the big main door, locked it, too, and then slowly made it back to my office.
I came home, the day’s tiredness taking me over. What I needed right now was a hot, warm bath so that, I may be able to remove this coldness inside me. Slowly, without even noticing that it was seven in the evening, and Mom has not made it to the house, I went into my room. I heard an opening of the door from downstairs, as I went my way to the washroom.“I am home” came the voice.  I  went to the restroom. I brushed my teeth frantically and then stripping myself, I stood under the hot shower. No sooner the hot water sprinkled on my face, then, I gasped, coming back to life. Finally, I let down the guard around me and the controlled tears, which had been denied so long by me, finally, found their way out of my eyes. Closing my eyes against the water, I let the tears slip thereby dissolving them in water. I had been evading out of reality till now but, it was finally time, to stop deluding myself from it. It was high time that I should realise what a great shock I had received today. Ahi was Vasu or Vasu was Ahi, it was the same thing. Both were the same persons. All this time, when I had been talking to Vasu, it was Ahi on the other side. I had been recruited, only because, he had taken some likeness towards me. All the things that I had read in his diary, they were like a stab to my wounds, which looked, like they will never be able to fill with time.I cried for all those silly notions on which I had built my love dreams. Ahi loved me, and I loved his other side, that is, Vasu. His snake side was OK with me but, as a human, he was still a mystery to me. I didn’t doubt his words written in his diary but, my most significant dilemma was that, after knowing everything about him, somewhere, Ahi would never be able to trust me fully. I admit that he outsmarted me, I don’t care that it has happened to me but, the fact, that Ahi and his family will never accept me, especially after this…Vritra, Nuwa and what about Shesh? With that thought, finally, my eyes flew open. Oh my God, my eyes widened at that. How come I never even considered that truth, Shesh’s hatred for Ahi had been evident to me but, what will happen when he comes to know that, Ahi is my secret boyfriend? Will I ever be able to explain to him my confusion? Will he not consider me a foul soul? A girl, who rejected one brother because indirectly, she had fallen for the reserved brother.Vasu had told me that he loved me; Ahi had written that he loved me but, whom should I love now? Ahi or Vasu? A were snake or a human? Eight months, till eight months, that person kept on playing with my emotions, sentiments. Never dropping a small hint that it was him. All the time is laughing at me, having fun at my expense. When I told him to meet me, he gave me the excuse that he will appear, only when he will consider it safe. Of course, how could he reach me? Wouldn’t he have exposed himself in that way?I was getting confused minute by minute. I could not make up my mind as to what I should do. Of course, now things had changed. Khanak, my brain said all of a sudden, what about her? The childhood sweetheart who was herself the were snake, wasn’t Ahi in some ways, connected to her? How will she feel that her so-called lover had been dreaming about a pure human like me?I held fast to the wall so that my thoughts could not make me faint. So many people were connected in this one single relationship of mine. He had told me once that his family was eager to meet me. That means, Vritra and Nuwa already knew. Shesh...Somewhere, my love story had ended before it began.
As soon as I had my dinner and took the dishes to the kitchen sink,  Mom’s curious gaze on my back could be sensed by me. I was acting strange, but I could not help it. This way or that, I was trying to move usual, but now and then, my mind would wander back to those diary’s papers, which were kept in my room right now and which, I have not read after coming from office…“Ra,” I heard her behind me “How is office going?”“Pretty well, Mom” I replied, with my hands scrubbing the plates to remove the grease. “Anything irking you?” “Nothing,” I shrugged “Just normal tiredness, that’s it”“Just asking” saying that, she moved from the kitchen. Turning around, I saw Mom disappearing into her room with a slumped shoulder. I hate myself; I shook my head at that thought.
Sometimes, I think, if what is written in legends can be true because it appears as if it is…Cobra's Eye ring marks her. No, she didn’t tell me. I just saw the insides of her palm while she handed me the polybag which had the ring. Last time the ring marked someone, it was The Great Kadra, Mayuri. Nuwa said that after that many were snake female’s tried to get that perfect mark, but the mark is only given to the real soul mate of a Naga. It states that, once it marks a human or a Nagin, they are kind of stamp for a particular Naga. Of course, how can she tell me? when will I be able to reveal so many secrets to her? but, someday, I have to. I am not ready to tell her all this, right now. The day when she entered my cabin, I narrowly avoided her seeing that photo frame which had her photo in it. That was a close call. I tell myself, now is the right time to tell her but…then she comes in front of me and, I become speechless. I am curious, how will she react? she will be shocked but, that’s alright, it’s normal for humans to get shocked. But…one thought keeps on haunting me…what if she said No? What if, she rejects me? How will I ever be able to live then? My life seems wasted to me right now when she is ignorant of all the fact, how will it appear when she will say no? I don’t want to think about it…Please God, let her say yes. She loves Vasu but…will she says Yes to Ahi too? Will Ahi the human be as lucky as Vasu, the snake? I shiver at the answer to it. The girl who had fallen in love with the snake in eight months, can’t she fall in love with the human? I guess time will tell…When Mom died, and I entered Chauhan’s kingdom, I have to take care of myself all of my own but then Kartika ‘Kadra’, my stepmom, along with Raja Sahib, gave me a hearty welcome. I never forgave him for what he did to my mum, Parvati, the so-called ‘consort’ to him. Kartika always showed me what real mum love means. She never took me as a step-son, as Shesh takes me, the illegitimate brother. I never got any warmth from him. In the starting, I took it as an offence but then, as time passed, I realised that I had taken his place in the family, being the middle brother. It must have looked as if everyone is concentrating on me, alone, never giving him slight attention. I tried to make it for him by showing my care, my love for him. I have thought once that, he is just showing his rudeness to me on the face, he is pure at heart. Even Mom had told me that, but then, I realised, that it was real. The truth dawned on me when once, the three of us, we're playing on the ground and suddenly, I got wounded. Vritra Khinna came to my aid, and Shesh, on the other hand, simply kept on looking at me with envious eyes. I know then that I only in public in the pressure of the elders was his “elder brother”. I didn’t have any place in his heart, nor will, I ever.I had let it pass, since then. Then, when it was time for the three of us to go to school, we met Nuwa, Khanak and our first cousin sister, Shliya. Shliya was like me, loved her family but, lonely at heart for the reason that she was the girl. Her parents, youngest brother and the then “Parijana”, present “Kashyapa”, Vikram Chauhan and his wife Shavya Chauhan, present “Kadra”, always wanted a boy. Shliya wasn’t a particular disappointment to them, but they weren’t happy, either. In school too, when I searched for some private place in the recess time, she and I use to spend some time together. Khanak, on the other hand, kept simple, a company with Shesh. They were the main attraction of the whole class. Me and Shliya, we were the most introvert of the class.Nuwa, she was in the other section of the class and often, I had seen Vritra Khinna giving her coveted glares. Until the time we reached the college level, Shliya and I became the best of friends. I named her Jaanu, and she called me by the name, which Mom had given to me, Vasu. Then, Khanak suddenly started showing her interest in me.  I never saw her with that intention of which, she has started seeing me. I thought that maybe, it was simply hormonal balance in her system. Of course, it’s a different thing now that I have started seeing Rashi with that kind of glare…No, it’s not hormonal to me. It’s real. Why is she spreading that kind of news that she and I are betrothed when such a thing never happened? I think I will have to talk to her soon. There is only one person to whom I want to get betrothed but will she have me?Then, when that assassination happened with Mum and Raja Sahib, with a broken heart, four of us had to move to an area where the water resources are more and the climate is cold.  Even in my dreams, I see the dead burning corpses of both of them. Why, I still think, why the worse things had to happen with me all the time? Now, the other night, Rashi told me that Shesh had proposed her and that she said No, her heart already belongs to me. I can’t even explain the glee I felt in the depth of my heart when I heard her speaking that. At that time, I wanted to reveal her my true self but, then again, fear gripped me and my tongue went numb. The dilemma is, I can’t even speak to her about that lest she will guess the truth.No, Rashi is mine, only mine. Shesh, or anyone, has no claim on her for she is not the only mine by my own choice but, even nature has marked her for me. When Shesh left any respect for me, the respect and love which I had for him deep in my heart, also vanished. Vritra Khinna always taught me one thing, love the person who loves you. That’s what I have started doing, since then. Though of course in public, we both appear to be the loveliest brothers but the truth is, Shesh is, and will always be, my worst enemy. I never use to think like this but, time and again, his own behaviour turned my thinking into this direction.  The person affected most by this will be Nuwa, for, after the death of Raja Sahib and Rani Sahiba, she and Vritra Khinna have taken over the role of our parents. Nuwa always taught both of us to live in brotherhood. I hate to disappoint her but; then again, I can’t help it……O God, I simply forgot that Diwali is coming and now, Angel says, she wants to meet me. She was crying on the phone. What could be the reason? Did anybody say anything to her? She didn’t tell anything to me, a gentle soul she is, but still... I told her,  after Diwali, we will meet for sure but it seems, as if, I am trapped in my own net of lies, how can I meet her? Then, the cherry on the cake, she has forbidden me to come into her bedroom in snake form? What about her coming birthday? What shall I do about that? I want to gift her most luxurious things but she won’t accept them. I am forgetting one vital part, in order to celebrate and give her a gift; I have to appear in front of her. Should I tell her about my secret identity? I think…I have no other option left with me. I am afraid of the result of the meeting. I have a feeling that something worse is going to happen,  I think, until the time she wasn’t marked by the ring, I could instantly know everything about her daily routine, almost every day. But now…I don’t know, I can see some blurred images, apart from that well, nothing. O God, let my fear be just, a fear…I closed my eyes and let myself get relaxed after what I have read. We will work it out somehow, I thought, I can hide from it, run from it but, I can’t escape these feelings which have taken their place in my heart, after reading his diary. I loved him, this was the conclusion I had come upon, after going through these pages. My love for him won’t get less by all these complexities but, why leave him so easily? I thought. He will be punished, starting from tonight’s call. Let me see, how true is Mr Chauhan’s love for me? Does he really love me or, he is faking it out, in these pages? He can simply fake it too. Time for me to test him, I made up my mind.
At ten in the night, I was lying in my bed thinking about my first plan to test him. I had planned to call him, to the assigned place, for our first meeting. My criteria were, let him be ignorant of the fact. Let him think, that I am still under a false impression. If he comes to meet me, but not in his original form when he is just doing that, time pass. If he comes to meet me in his human way, that is to say, a real rational way with his real face when he sincerely loves me. If not, he takes some duplicate face then; I will kindly tell him to look for somebody else to play these kinds of girlfriend-boyfriend games. Same will happen if, he doesn’t turn up or, make some excuses. That done…My thought process was broken by the crazy ringtone, which I had on my phone. Must be him, I thought, “Hello,” I said “Hi Angel, Happy Birthday.”
Fantastic, I thought, as I frantically looked at my watch which had struck twelve now. Time seemed to have flown by me, somehow. Twelve? So early?  “Thanks, A-Vasu” I controlled my slip of the tongue.“So,” he asked “What is your plan?”“Vasu,” I made my voice light “Meet me today love. Say, St. Mary’s church at, five in the evening?” “Five, in the evening?” I could hear him getting confused “But why five, Love? Why St Mary’s Church? What’s the rush today? We can meet some other day too, can’t we?”Excuses, I thought. What should I make out of this now? Is he afraid to come or, simply nervous? If he loved me fully then, wasn’t he suppose to put some trust in me?“No,” I became selfish and sounded spoiled, even to my ears “I want to meet you today, ”“Angel sssss, you are impossible” he chuckled “Then, will I get my party too?”“You just come” I replied, “We’ll see it, later.”
Ten in the morning, I was sitting in my library, absently staring at my bookshelves. So many undefined emotions were going through my minds. Half part of my mind said, he will come in his real form, half said, he won’t. I wanted my first half, to win.I was so lost in my gloomy thoughts; I didn’t notice Shliya’s entrance in the room. It was only, when she shook me, that I became aware of her. “Good morning Mam,” I said, stuttering. As always, her charming face lit up with a dazzling smile, helplessly, I smiled back “Cut the formalities, Rashi. Call me Shliya, alright. I am not your employer”“But, you are my employer’s sister” I said. At that, she guffawed and took my hand, “brilliant girl you are, I must say, but,” she took something out of her bag and handed me a box, wrapped in shiny cover “Happy twentieth Birthday” “How to do you- What is this?” I asked, with my mouth hanging in amazement.“Shesh told me” she laughed “Of course; it’s totally another thing that he hasn’t wished you, yet.”“Thank you” I said “But, I am sorry mam, I don’t take gifts, especially not from my employers, or their sister’s, for that”“I am just your friend, for now, Ra,” she said “Not your employer so, no formalities with me, alright”“Alright, Shliya” I repeated, with a smile
Evening fell, and I saw my clock. It was 4:30, half an hour more to go. I thought; let me check if Ahi is still in his office. I picked up the phone labelling his name and pressed his office number. After the bell went for four times, I immediately heard a voice on the line as the phone was picked “Yes, Ms Sharma,”He is still there, I thought. Disappointment flooded my heart as I asked him “Sir, did you have the books you asked for? I thought I should ask you”“Yes, of course, Ms Sharma, I did. Thank you once again”“You’re welcome Sir,” saying that, I kept the receiver down
I walked down from the elevator, after taking special permission from Shesh, to go home early today. I have not even told Mom about this special meeting today, of course, I had no plans to scare her.Correct five, I was sitting inside the Church, eagerly waiting for him. St Mary’s, being the oldest church in Mussoorie, was situated just above the Mall Road. It was one of my favourite spot in the whole place and gave me peace of mind. To save myself from shivering, I had worn a thick leather jacket. Glancing up at the clock, it was correct five now with my eyes stuck at the entrance of the church. Any minute now, I thought, any minute, I will see him, walking inside. O Christ, I prayed, let today be the day when I will finally see my lovers face.  It was kind of silly on my part when I already knew who will turn up but, still, the thrill, the excitement, which ran through my veins was, indescribable. I kept on watching the clock hands as they moved from five to six, six-thirty. There was still no sign of him anywhere. I waited for some more time before I know, my eyelids got heavy, and I slowly drowsed to the sleeping mode.
*************************************************************************
Somebody jerked me, and  I opened my eyes. My mind was confused, and something tried to penetrate into my sleeping brain, some thought, which wanted to wake me to reality. Oh, I gasped, the reality came to me with all its force. Standing in front of me was an old woman, with a kind smile on her face but, worried lines, near her eyes. She had her head covered with white cloth but, of course, Sister Agatha needed no introduction. “Good evening, sister” I got up hastily and wiped my face. There was something, some thought, which was still eluding my mind and on which, I could not put my finger, right now.“Rashi Sharma,” she tried to recognise me “Aren’t you, Maya’s daughter?”“Yes, sister” I nodded “Go home, child, why are you still here? Aren’t you finished with your prayer?”“I am done, sister” I said “ I was so deeply praying that, I slept. I am sorry” I stuttered in my nervousness “No,” she said “You weren’t drowsing. You were sleeping. Go home; it’s late. We are going to close now”“Close?” and just like that, everything came rushing to me. Ahi…Vasu…meeting…birthday…I gasped softly and immediately, turned to look at the watch Oh my God; words automatically left my mouth, as soon as I saw the watch. It was nine in the evening! I had been in this church for the last four hours! My head spun. My heart crashed in my ribs as I finally took over the meaning of Ahi’s absence. It was clear; I have made a great fool of myself. “I am sorry, sister,” I said, again “of course, I must go. It’s late”“Hold on child,” she said, I turned and saw her struggling with something that was in her hand. As she revealed it, it turned out to be a shiny silver wrapped gift package. Handing it in my direction, she said, “ When you were sleeping, someone came and left this package with me, saying, it is your birthday today and, if I can just wish you Happy birthday, from his side” Shivering and trembling slightly, I took the gift in my hand and asked her “Who was it, sister? Did you see his face? What did he look like?”“I never saw his face. He had those big dark glasses over his eyes so; I could not see him. It’s alright, child. He said that his name was Vasu and that, you will recognise him by just his name”Of course, I said Vasu. It’s the name that I fell in love with; it’s the name which fooled me so many times but, I knew who the person was. He could have wakened me. He could have just slightly jerked me so that, I could be alerted to his presence. What should I make out of this action? He had been here when he had been not here, i.e. when I was sleeping. Taking the gift from her hands, I made it to out of the church in no time. Time for me to look for a new job, I thought. It was still one week before Ahi comes back to the office. The chances were high that Shesh would say yes, to it before Ahi comes back, once Ahi is back in the building, it was possible that my resignation will become the topic of discussion among the directors thereby, appearing to him, that I have discovered his secret. I so did not want that to happen. Making a phone call to Deepak, I told him my decision to which; he said nothing but, I could sense his disapproval online. The second call was made to the public library, where thankfully, the chair of the librarian was still empty. I was joining there from the day after tomorrow. Tomorrow, I was going to Chauhan’s office, to give my resignation.
I was lying in my bed, eyes closed, but mind, still awake to all the thoughts which were going in my brain. It was hard for me to make that decision but, I had to make it, somehow. Leaving Chauhan’s office and the job was, one decision where I had to think from so many practical points of views. One thought was, I will have to face Ahi every day and the game, to which I had planned to put a stop now, will be hard to stop. The person who didn’t have any courage to face me in front of the whole world, what guarantee did I had, that he will truly love me in future too. Moreover, when Shesh comes to know that Ahi is my secret boyfriend, won’t the differences between will become more? I did not doubt that Vritra, Nuwa, Shliya or even Mum, for that, will have any problem with our relationship but, Shesh won’t take it. Why forget Khanak, who had shown such displeasure to me in her party, who knows what she may have in that head of hers? No, I had no problem with their supernaturalness, or the fact these people were some mythical creatures walking amongst us. The only doubt I had was of Ahi’s love and his feelings. If he did love me, then he should have had no problem with expressing it in front of everyone. But, he did no such thing. I cannot base my entire life on a phone, can I? To stop getting the phone calls from him, I had even purchased a new sim card and taken out the old one from my cell, so, that I won’t get a phone call from him. Sighing deeply, moisture rolled down the side of my eyes. Wiping it, I told myself “Stop crying fool. It’s your fault to trust some person like that and then cry like a ninny over your heartbreak” Getting up, I gulped down some water, wiped my eyes again and sighing, laid down on the bed
Next day, as soon as I reached the office, I headed towards Shesh’s office. “May I come in, Sir?”“Yes,” Entering, I closed the door softly behind me and turned to face him. Shesh was sitting in his usual pose, with his head bent on his file“Good morning Sir,”“Good morning, Rashi” he said as he looked up “Come, sit”“No Sir, I just want to give this to you” saying that, I laid the envelope on his table“What’s this?” he asked me“My resignation, Sir”
As if I have spoken the Greek language, I saw Shesh’s expression going blank. Instantly, as if on fire, he stood up and stared at me with confused expressions “Resignation” he said, as if, he didn’t understood me“Yes, Sir” I smiled “I am sorry for coming with this at such a time but, it’s compulsory for me to resign, from this job”“Did anybody said anything?” he came with the reason“No Sir, Mom is not keeping well these days and, she needs someone to take care of her. If I kept on with the job then, nobody will be there at home, when she comes from the office, to make her some food, that is to say. Moreover, I am thinking to start with my distance learning of post-graduation so that, I am better qualified to take higher jobs.”“Is the salary not up to your mark?” he asked again“It’s not that, Sir” I shook my head “But, I want to make myself able of the post you have given me. If you want, I can join you after two years…”When I will see you with your wife…or, Ahi will get married to Khanak…Such an acute pain shot through my heart that I had to clutch my fist, to control myself. The mere thoughts of seeing him with someone else inflamed me, internally. But, this was necessary. It was compulsory for me, to distance myself from the entire family. Of course, their secret will remain safe in my heart but, still, first love is always that, first love.I will survive, I thought. I will get over Ahi with time. I was taking the right step then, why did I have this sudden pain in my heart, as if it was being ripped in two pieces? I was doing this, for his and my well-being.“Oh,” the disappointment in his voice was real “Well” he sighed “If that is the case then, I am no one to stop you. All the best Ra. Remember, my office is always open to you, friend”“Thank you, Sir,” saying that, I exited from the life of the Chauhan’s, or so I thought, at that time.
*************************************************************************
The library was the same as before, with no difference. The person who had been appointed here within these eight months had been not up to the mark, as Deepak told me. Everyone was amazed at my decision of leaving Chauhan’s but nobody, thankfully, questioned me. When Mom asked, I simply told her that I have applied for the post-graduation and that; I want to have a complete education. In no way, did I tell her the lie I have said to Shesh, about her slow health?It had been just one week since I have rejoined the library but, what affected me most was, I could no longer connect myself to this place. The place which was dearest to me once held no importance for me now. Sighing deeply, I have just started arranging certain books in their places when I heard the desk phone ringing. Leaving the books where they were, I quickly moved on to the desk and held the phone to my ear.“Hello” I said “Rashi” It was mum “Are you free right now dear? If you are then, please, make it to the hospital right now. I believe I have forgotten my doctor card at home. Please pick it up from there and give it to me, will you?”“Yeah Sure, Mom” but, I just halted “What happened Mom? You seem to be out of your breath. Is everything all right?”“Yes honey, apart from the cases I am dealing with, these days.”“Cases” I asked “What kind of cases?”“I haven’t told you about them, did I?” she said “Well, how about you come here. I’ll tell you everything over lunch”“Yes, of course”
St Mary’s Hospital was the place which had supported Mom since the day we had moved to Mussoorie. I was walking in the corridor which had many ICU’s in it. Mum was a physician in this section only. She mostly treated children and women. There was too much of that clean hospital smell in the air. Controlling my breath, I made it to the room of Mum.“Hi,” I said, as I entered her room. Immediately, she looked at me, and her face changed to warmth filled bright one.“Hi,” she said and smiled instantly. Mom’s face was of total upheaval right now. She looked so tensed and worried that, for a minute, I was taken aback. True, she loved her patient. She had been resting till now with her head on the table but, right now, I believe; even that rest hasn’t helped her. Her coffee cup, which was filled with coffee, recently, seemed to be empty right now.Passing her doctor Id to her, I said “What happened Mom? You look worried”“Not here,” she said, as she stood up and took the card from my hand “Let’s go somewhere, and have our lunch”Reaching to a small eating point, which was placed right outside the premises of the building, we took our seats, and placed the order. As soon as the service boy left us, I asked: “Now, what was that, back there?”She looked up at me, bit her lip and whispered “Ra,” I could see her hesitating “These days, lots of snakebite cases are coming to the hospital”Every sense in my system went on alert at that. “Snakebite,” I asked she nodded her head in acceptance and continued “Two days back, there was this one woman, who had been bitten but, thankfully, the antidote was available so, we were able to save her. Then, we had a child who was bitten by the creature.”“How is he?” I asked, literally horrified  now.“Fine, we discharged him yesterday only. Today, there was another patient who was admitted, bearing the same mark. The point is” she stopped at that “It’s none other than, Kaya”“What” I cried out so loudly. I am sure the whole Mussoorie must have heard it. People around us turned to stare at me.“I am sorry” I said and they all turned back to their conversation “How is she? Is she fine? Did Deepak come to meet her?”“Yes,” she nodded and then stopped because, until that time, our order was being placed on the table. As soon as he left, she started serving both of us “It was horrible. Seems like, creatures are in some war, against us.” I was disgusted to my core as I heard her but, inside, my entire being was shying away from the possibility that…that, it could be…Chauhan’s. No, I said again, it cannot be them, I told myself again. They were not purely humans but, they cannot commit a crime like this. “What do you think?” she asked me “Why are these attacks happening?”“Mum, no idea” I said, hesitantly, shrugging carelessly as if, that didn’t matter much to me when, it did, Oh Lord, it did.
At night, I laid in my bed thinking about everything that Mom had told me today. If for one second I think about it then…No, my heart repeated it, it is not Chauhan’s. Humble creatures like them can give shelter to a poor but, they can never commit a crime like this. The crimes, which could make anyone sick for one moment. Leave biting a child or a woman; they never hunted humans, full stop. But, what, if they did…what if, their hunger was too much for them to control. Ahi, for instance, he remained Cobra at night doesn’t he…what if, in frustration, he merely bit someone?No, the answer was already there before I could even wander further, into that direction. Ahi was just that, a reserved person but, he can never bite a human. He told me when we use to have those phone conversations…the conversations, which were filled with laughter, teasing, love, endearment…Stop it, I told myself, taking my head in my palms. For God sake, stop it. Forget him, Rashi. Please, for your purpose.“Rashi sssss”Vasu, I said out loud and frantically walked to the window side, and opened it. The cool breeze went through my hair and over my face. Seems like, I have simply imagined his voice; the reality dawned on me then. Simply tired, I sat back on the cold floor and cried like a child, bawling my eyes out, shaking from head to toe.“I love you…Ahi” words left my mouth, that was the main problem with me. I have fallen so hard that it was too late now. I could not help noticing, the faint heat which passed through my Cobra’s mark.
Next day, as was my routine, I started walking back to my home all the way from the library. It turned out that I was late today. Glancing at my wristwatch, it was nine in the evening. Mum had not called yet but, she must be getting worried about me. It had been days or let me say, one whole month since I have last seen anyone from the Chauhan family. It appeared as if my job in their office was just that, a dream, of which I had just woken up right now, realising what it was. See, I was so right. Ahi did not love me. He had just thought at that moment that he loves me. If he genuinely did then, wouldn’t he had called me or only tried to, in all these gone days? Coming to the snake attacks, it seems, actually, some creatures have gone crazy these days. After those attacks, there was no such case yet. My phone went buzzing, as I was thinking about that though. “Hello” “Ra, it’s me,” Mom said Here it comes, I thought and said “I am coming home Mom, wait for another five minutes” “No, kid,” she said “I have called to tell you that, I am going to stay for some days in Kaya’s home. She needs rest and someone to take care of her. I have made the food, and it is kept in the fridge, alright. So, don’t starve yourself and if necessary, cook something, whatever you want to” My mood, which was already sad, became gloomy, at that. What was new I thought, I was in this mood from the past so many days.“Alright, Mom” I sighed “Take care. Good night” I had just taken some more steps when, a sight on the corner of the road, halted me in my tracks. Mussoorie sleeps early and so, many of the shops had shut themselves, by now. The silence seems scary at this moment but, I could not take my gaze away from the scene, which was going in front of me. One Mercedes stood on the roadside. I recognised the vehicles immediately. Chauhan’s, the thought puzzled me, what are they doing here? That too, at such a late hour, and, to the road, which led to the forest?It could be someone else. Also, I thought. Whatever, curiosity led me to the vehicle and there, I saw, well, no one. Whatever, I thought; the matter does not concern me now, does it? I have already left the organisation. As soon as that thought came to my mind, and I turned to leave the spot, such a loud slashing noise came from the nearby forest that, I was frozen, where I was. What was that? I thought. I turned to that direction and started walking towards it.
No, Rashi…stop; don’t go there…this seems too dangerous. Rashi…Rashi…Rashi…But, I have already proceeded to the direction of that slash/thud sound. I had turned deaf to my inner voice right now. Any sane human, in his or her rational mind, would never even dare to go, in such a dark area, especially, when it is night time, and the forest is highly dangerous, in itself. But…it was like something was calling me to that place, some unknown hypnotising power, which held the capacity to attract me to a site like that. I wanted to go, run to that area, if possible, but, I  managed to walk, with all those stones and tall rocks in my way. Hilly forests are the most perilous places in the world. Going some distance, I was pretty convinced that my imagination had been playing games with me, once again. Because, right now, I have not heard any sound. God, I was turning crazy it seems. Breathing heavily, I turned to go back when I listened to the loud screaming coming from that same direction. “Aaaargh…help me EEE Eee” Somebody was in trouble; my eyes went wide, hot white pain passed on to my right palm which bore the mark. I have to help, thinking that, I shot forward like a torpedo and ran with all my might.
I reached the place from where the voice resonated. What I saw their wholly made my eyes pop out their socket. My breath got caught in my throat for a second as I steadied myself against the thick trunk of the tree. The thing standing in front of me had its back to me so, I had the good chance to hide behind that tree through which, I have supported myself.From where I could see, Black scale covered the creature’s body. Its torso stretched longer and thinner; the beast stood eight feet tall. A three-foot tail was there from the creature’s lower back. Its hair had disappeared under the newly formed scale on its head. There was a hood in its neck formed from the vertebrae. It was a were-king Cobra!To stop myself from producing any sound, I shut myself up by keeping my both palms on top of my mouth and hid again. Still, I could not stop myself from peeking the scene from the side of my hiding place. Someone was lying on the floor in front of that weird-looking creature. Whoever the person was, he appeared to be lying still. The hands, legs, face everything seemed to be always. In my efforts,, of being again, what I had not noticed was that a thin stream of blood had started flowing from the mid of the Cobra Mark.Ignorant of that fact, I was still trying to see the face of the victim, who was lying lifeless on the ground. It was apparent that the person had died. I could see the pool of blood which had ameliorated near his head. Hold on, I thought, as I saw the creature bending to the head and picking it up in its scales covered hand. It wasn’t a man but… a girl! A girl, who had been killed by that weird creature or, I should say…were-king Cobra! How did I know who the monster was? I could recall the description in my mind, from what Ahi had told me during the phone conversations. The beast, right now, was drinking the blood. I felt nauseated, as I viewed that scene which appeared to be right out of a zombie movie. As if, my worst nightmare had turned into a reality. It was a miracle that I could see it, in all its brutality. Yes, like every other mythical creature even these shy, intelligent animals had an addiction to the human blood.My entire being froze into a state of comatose when I saw the face of the human girl. She had scratches on her face, eyes, which were gazing at me, lips, which were once cheerful had turned to that of cold stillness. She was none other than the girl who had shown the entire Chauhan office to me once when I was just new there.“Koyal” whispered words left my mouth.Right on cue, as if the creature had heard me, I saw its head-turning and his eyes finding the exact place where I was hiding. Instantly, it straightened up and opened its mouth to show me its double-length forked tongue which touched its upper lip. It had half-inch long blood dripping fangs which I can see in pure moonlight right now.Run…Run…Run…The snakebite cases…it was because of this one creature, my mind told me. And now, the more significant crime of murdering an innocent girl, just to quench its thirst, the beast belonged to Chauhan’s family. But the million-dollar question was, who was it? Right now, the creature was moving towards me. My hands automatically went inside my handbag and searched for the red chilli powder which, I always kept in a small pouch, for the occasions like this. I filled my palm with it and, winced as my right palm mark was bleeding and, I have mistakenly taken the powder, on top of it. The pain was near enough to make me faint. The creature was so close; I could see those big silver eyes. My hand came out of the bag, and instantly, I threw the powder directly on its face. The shrill cry of it, pierced through the night. I utilised the time by running from that place, instantly. I ran some distance and then, I thought, I can’t run anymore. My breath was coming in puffs; my eyes were watering. No time for losing control over you, I told myself. I can’t be weak when a weird gross were snake was after me. Run, I told myself again and went through the forest, not knowing, whether I was coming out of the forest range or, going deep into it. I have to be alive for my sake, for Mum sake. Please God, I prayed, let me safely out of this situation.I ran some more but, like a lightning bolt, it dawned on me. I was lost!
Halting near a big tree trunk, I seated myself so that, I can catch up with breath. I have to think about something. I have to get out of this trouble anyhow. It was entirely my fault, I thought.  Was it so important to go in that direction, when my mind was crying out frantically to me that I should not go? The little sobs, now and then, would escape my mouth and I had to control them real hard, lest, the creature should get a whiff of me. I should call someone; tell them about the trouble, that I was in. Wiping my entire face with the napkin, I had found in my bag, I searched for the cell and seeing it, switched it on.Bloody hell, I muttered as I saw no signal in it. The forest, of course, had no coverage area for the device.“O God” a sob came out of my mouth “Please, help me” I heard it, then, the thud, from behind the tree, through which I was sitting. I was cold till now and went crazy when, I heard the whisper “Sahaisss tumuroni citasss” (Come out, girl, you can’t hide now)Amazing, I thought, I could understand that snake tongue of the creature. Was it because of the mark? It could be. One sound and I was dead. Please God, help me in hiding.But before I could even make up my mind as to what I should do next, immediately, as if the Almighty had heard my help pleading, in front of me with a slow thud, was a creature which was similar to the previous one but, then, only difference he had was, he had black wings!Two, I thought; now I am dead for sure. I got up to run against him, but I was weak in that area, right now. Before I could take another step, circling one of its hands around my wrist, it pulled me against it and another minute, both of us were up in the air, with my hand around its neck and his back bearing my physical self.
The scale of the creature glittered in the moonlight.I was amazed at the amount of strange relief and security I felt at just being close to this being that held power to kill me at any moment. A particular kind of belongingness to this one, which I have not got the other. On the other hand, others had the power to kill me at any moment. Whatever, the night wind felt cold against my heated skin and cheeks. Such high altitude, it made my head spin for a minute. Immediately, the creature tensed up and then came a whispered command from its mouth “Tantosss Gumattasss Hansss” (Close your eyes if you are sick)Miracle, I thought, how did he know? In the night time, I had always thought that the glittery lights of Mussoorie looked beautiful, but from such a high altitude, they simply looked like small pieces of shining jewel. It looked marvellous if you ask me.It looked as if we were landing right now because I could clearly see the roofs of the various houses before we actually landed on one of them. Until the time we landed, I felt some swooning coming on my part. Like a graceful ballerina, his toes touched the ground of the roof, and his wings closed immediately. The black scales, as I saw, were getting covered by the skin. I was in no state to land on the floor all by myself.“Samhayasss tantoma sssss” (you can leave my neck now, we are safe)I shook my head helplessly and groaned “I am sick” As soon as the words left my mouth, his hands loosened my grip and turned immediately, to handle me and preventing my fall. He turned and took me, in his arms. All the traits of the were snake had totally left him, and I could see myself in those green eyes. “Vasu” words left my mouth, and I smiled, even in my groggy state, I was able to recognise him. What did more evidence someone needs that my love was true? Mouth comprised shut, he gazed at me dumbly. There were so many mixed up emotions there, all of them nameless.“Thank you” I muttered and just like that, passed away in his arms.
The morning sun was the reason I felt some warmth on my cheeks, as I opened my eyes. The first thing which I saw, I was lying on my bed in my bedroom. Somebody had made me lie there, but who? Then, like a rush, last night things came rushing to my brain. Everything, from my witnessing the Koyal murder to the time when I saw Vasu…Sorry, Ahi… Ahi! I stalled in my tracks as I recalled his transformation, from were snake to that of the human. I was still coming out of the daze and walked out of my room when I heard some sounds coming from the Kitchen. Is mom home? I thought. O God, if she is, what will I say to her about my absent? Has she seen Ahi then? What will I tell her about my last night? Of course, I can’t say all the things, but still, I have to come up with something. Still rolling in confusion, I preceded towards the kitchen when the sight in front of my eyes halted me there for a second and I just kept on watching like a dumb doll. I could have been in that state for the whole day, when the person in front of me turned to face me, “Good morning. How are you feeling?”Ahi’s face to my senses was like delicious feasts, as if; I had been starving for so many days. I mean someone like him making coffee for someone like me. Human activity like this clearly surprised me. His eyes, those green clear, magnificent eyes, stared at my face with some doubt as to if he too was confused by the circumstances in which we have met. His conversation came to my mind when he had told me not to enter his territory. That Ahi and this one seemed, two different persons to me, right now.“Cat got your tongue?” he quirked his brow. “I am fine” I lowered my gaze and turned to go to the sitting room. He fell behind my steps and followed my trail. As I seated myself on the lounger, he kept the tray, and handed me the cup “Still in shock?” he seated himself on the same lounger but, at a distance.“I am over it” I replied curtly. We conversed with two strangers, who have recently met.“What were you doing there in the forest, that too, at such a dark hour? Don’t you know what kind of creatures roam there at night? A weak human like you is nothing to their power.” He was looking at the floor and was stirring his drink but, the anger was clearly visible in his voice. A small hope took its root in my heart, did he still cared for me? Was it possible, that, there was still a chance for me in his heart? , “I heard a small scream. I thought that someone was in some great trouble. I could not retrace my step after I saw that …”“Weresnake” he asked “It was the time for them to come in their real form.”“Full moon” I rose my questioning gaze at him silently shook his head and sipped his drink. “Sir…” “I am not your employer now, which reminds me” he went through his jeans pocket as if, searching for something and then, he took out something from his pocket “ You left something of yours in that personal drawer of mine” he kept the small shining artificial earring of mine on the table. My breath got caught in my throat as I viewed that thing. O God, I thought, that explains why he didn’t mind showing himself in front of me, that too, in his real form. He knows…. What does this action mean then? Does he want to show that, he has simply not cared about anything else but, me? I was not sure about him because I was still confused. Let me just wait and watch, I thought.“Thank you” I said and saw him gulping the hot liquid in one go. Smacking his lips, he stood and turned to me “I am sorry, I used your kitchen without your prior permission but, you needed something hot right now so, I just…” he shrugged carelessly. I could not help noticing his bare arms which were hairless!“It’s alright” I said,“ I will go now,” he said as he continued to take up the cup back in the tray “Sorry for disturbing you” he halted in the midway and turned to me “ I won’t ever show myself, I promise. It was because; I could not see you in danger that I had to come. You can live your life freely now. You will not see my face again” his voice was just that, emotionless, but, I saw it, in his eyes. The hurt, pain,  betrayal was clearly evident in his stare. I felt guilty, then, because, after that incident, haven’t I had acted in that way with him. The way I have resigned without even talking to him, without asking him, why didn’t he alerted me to his presence when we were in church, the way I have simply changed my sim card without even giving him a chance to explain himself. If only, I would have talked to him, had listened to him then, there were chances that I must have understood his reasons for keeping himself ambiguous all the time. I would have understood his reasons, of keeping his identity, for the reason that, he was afraid of scaring me away if he told me. I am a ruthless person, I conceded but, before I could make up my mind on what to do next, I saw him exiting the sitting room and making it to the kitchen, to keep the tray.“Ahi,” I said, as I entered the kitchen myself “I need to talk to you”“There is nothing to talk,” he said as he washed his hands and wiped them dry on the towel. “Yes, there is,” I said as I silently made it to his side. He turned and faced me. Again those emotions glittered in those green eyes. “Thank you,” I said “For last night” “As I already said” he shifted me sideways so that he can walk out “It was my duty to protect. It will always be my duty to protect you whether you like it, or not” I saw him sliding his slender legs in the shoe. He can’t go like this, especially, when I had so many things to say to him, there were so many other questions I had in my mind. I need some answers.“Ahi,” I walked up that room now “I need some answers. Who was it? Was it someone from your family? Did someone know to me? I need to know” Why?” he turned and I saw it on his face then, as he said “Why do you need to know everything now, Ra? Why?” his face had all the signs of offence, anger, irritation, taunt, sarcasm. In short, he had every right to get angry with me. I bit my lip and stared down at the floor before looking back at him “I will tell no one about this. If the person was someone from your family, then…”“Ms Rashi Sharma,” his voice became that of steel anger “Let me make one thing very clear to you. I am not a human with whom you can play this kind of mind games. I am a were snake, alright. A monster, who you have hated all those months ago, do you remember?”He paused there, and then stood right in front of my face, speaking again, this time gripping my shoulders hard “You want to know who the creature last night was? It was Shesh. The younger brother of mine, the same creature who had bitten three people till now, because, unlike me, Vritra,  Nuwa, and Shliya, he is still practising his control over the humans’ flesh and blood. Nobody in my family, apart from me, knows about this. I am warning you,” his eye flashed dangerously at me, the emotion was so intense that I shivered head to toe “If you opened that stupid mouth of yours in front of them or anyone else. I will kill you with my bare hands and trust me” he had that conspirational murdering look in his eye “I will devour you till your last morsel and won’t even spit out the bones. So,” his face came closer to mine “Stay away from me, Ms fragile human”“You think you can scare me away with that kind of tone? Then you are wrong. I am not scared of even death itself.”“You didn’t say any of that last night” he tilted his head sideways “Because I never got the chance to say it” I shook slightly as he left me at that. With a resigned look on his face, a low thud, he sat on the lounger and covered his face with his hands. He sighed, as I went to his side and seated myself.“Sorry,” he whispered, defeated now “I should not have said that. What do you want to talk about?”“I think, it’s me who should say Sorry. I behaved very irrationally with you when, I should have given you a chance to speak your heart out. But,” I took his hands in mine “We still have time. It’s not too late, is it?”He remained silent and kept on staring at the floor. Something had strengthened me from inside so that, I may say, whatever, I want to.“Ahi,” saying his name thrilled me “Will you believe me, if I told you, that, there hasn’t been a single moment when I have not thought about you? I missed your whisper. I missed your anger. I was just surviving from past one month when I left the office; as if a part of me has been snatched away from me. Can you understand my situation, when I realised, the person I had been talking to from past eight months, turned out to be the very person who had scared me from so many months in the office? Can you?”Silence, no reply“I know you are angry. You have every right to be.I had been in a shocking state when I found out the truth. I felt you laughing on me all this, while, I  dreamed about my unknown caller. I was more than shocked. I felt betrayed, the same feeling through which you are going right now”“You never gave me a chance to speak” he spoke finally “If only you would have let me explained if only, you would have given me a chance to make things clear to you. But, instead, you resigned, changed your number. Made me lost my sleep, health, in this one month. No, Rashi,” he got up and stared at me “All I wanted from you was the unconditional love, which I thought, you would give to me. The only thing, which I never experienced in my life! On top of that, you read every personal detail of mine from my personal diary. I knew someday, I have to tell you but, I was under fear and look” he splayed his hands, “My fear came true. You hate me now, don’t you? I don’t blame you” he answered before, I could open my mouth “When I hate myself for what I am then, how can I expect you to love me?” a pause “But, I believe that whatever happens, happens for good. Thank God you came to know everything before I even confessed it in front of you. In this way, I came to know your reaction. If you would have had said something to me, when I had revealed my identity to you then, I would have felt hurt in my heart. No Rashi,” he spoke again and started walking out of the door “it's better this way that we two go on our separate ways and no one will be better, than both of us”“Ahi, wait…” I got up and ran to the door “answer this last question of mine. Did you meant all those words, you said on the phone?”“Which one?” he turned to face me“The one, where you told me that, you love me? That, I was marked for you?” I held my breath for his answer,“I don’t know about your marking but,  I never met any Rashi Sharma in my entire life or certainly, even if I had met her, then I never fell in love with her”
After that day, it seemed, I could not erase Ahi’s words from my brain. He never loved me, this thing was hard for me to take in but truly, whatever happens, it happens for good. I remember the day when I had gone shopping for Mom’s birthday in the most fashionable mall in the town. Seeing to it, that this was the only mall where the things were most expensive to their core, I had done some saving from my salary so that, this time, I am able to buy her some luxurious things. I remembered when two of us visited it last time, she had seen a beautiful piece of sari with such admiring looks that, I had recognised that looks of her. Secretly, I have gone to the receptionist and asked her the price of it. When I heard the price, I swear I could have fainted on the spot but, simply smiling I had come out and then, decided to start saving slowly so that, I am able to gift her that piece this birthday. Excited to my heart, I went back to the receptionist and asked her to show me that sari again.“Please wait here, mam” she smiled “I’ll get that piece”Till the time I looked around, humming a tune to myself, immediately, I saw three Chauhan’s walking inside the mall. Nuwa was leading, with Vritra and Ahi, following her. Amazing, I thought, how after the span of three months his sight still had the power to make me  uncomfortable. I turned my gaze to the counter again so that they are not able to see me.
“Your piece, mam” the receptionist, immediately, kept the sari piece in front of me “Thanks” I smiled at her and took the dress out of the polybag. The fine fabric, melting, beneath my touch. The silk was pure, no doubt in that. Going through every corner, the side of its price tag came under my vision. My eyes went wider than usual, as I noticed that prices of the piece had gone up from the last time.The sudden, dark sadness engulfed my entire being and pouting absently, I cursed the person who had raised its cost. I asked the sales girl “Has the prices went up since the last time or, my eyes have gone weak?”    “Yes, mam” she laughed “the prices have been raised since last time”“OK,” I said smiling, and put the piece back into the bag “Can you show me some other pieces, please?”
I was not too happy with what I have purchased but, then again, I could not help it. I could not buy the piece which I so wanted to. I only did not have that amount of money with me, nor could I afford that kind of amount at that time.After paying for everything, I had started to go out of the shop when, I heard a lady calling me “Excuse me mam, but, you left your bag behind”“My bag?” I turned to her side as she handed me the bag which contained that expensive piece of sari“ I am sorry, mam” I said, smiling again “But, this is not mine. You are mistaken”“But,” she smiled as if remembering something, “The gentlemen, who just paid for this said that this is your secret gift from his side”It didn’t take me long to add two and two to make four. Ahi Vasu Chauhan once more had tried to interfere in my private life. It wasn’t enough for him that he had already created chaos in my life once. He had already toyed with my heart once. Not again, I thought, and instead asked her in kind words “Who paid for this? Mind telling me?” “That gentleman, in the black leather jacket, black goggles, two steel rings on his finger. He is over there…” she pointed towards the farthest corner. I turned to that and saw him standing there, conversing with Vritra and laughing as if some great joke has been told to him. Of course, I thought internally, hasn’t he had laughed at me, once? “I am sorry,” I said, smiling at her in my most pleasing way “But, you are mistaken. He must have paid for the lady who is with him.”“But…” she got confused “Thanks” saying that, I made it out of the shop leaving the bag containing the expensive sari, there only.
I was lying in my bed, thinking about the drama called life. Since, when did my life turn in this way, so uncontrolled? I was a mess right now. Well, I thought, what was new in this? The truth was, I missed Ahi. Missed those phone calls, especially far, when there was no one in the house. Mum had called me to will take some more time to Kaya’s house. Kaya, as I remembered now, was indeed affected by that attack of the snake. I heaved a big sigh and changed my side. Suddenly, I felt an itch on my arm. Getting up, switching on the light, I glanced at my arm in amazement. It had gone all red, swollen red if you ask me. What’s happening?  I got up to go to the washroom. Walking up to the washbasin, I washed my arm with little bit water and immediately, the itch stopped. Suddenly, I had a feeling that someone was there in the house. A thief, an intruder. My mouth had turned dry. In the dark, I made my way to the kitchen, breathing slowly, alerted to everything present around me. Then, I saw it, the shadow of something crawling on the kitchen’s sink or I should say, something slithering from the kitchen sink. Immediately, I took a knife in my hand from the kitchen’s stand, switched on the light. I was going to attack the creature, when, just like that, the knife from my hand dropped, and somebody pinned me to the wall.“It’s me” Shliya’s voice and face caught me entirely off-hand.
“Bloody hell, Shliya” I cried and winced little as she left my hand “You scared the hell out of me? What are you doing here? At such an hour? That too, coming like a thief? What does this entire thing mean?”“I am sorry” she gave me a guilty smile “Please, can we sit somewhere. This transformation soaked all my energy”“Sure” I said, and we made it to the sitting room. I switched on the light while she seated herself on the lounger.“I am sorry again, trust me, I had no intention to scare you. It’s just…” she halted “I forgot that you are just a human, scared by creatures like us” I sat on the lounger and looked at her, puzzled. Shliya Chauhan and I never had a small conversation with each other so, all of this came as a big surprise to me. Of course, Ahi must have told every member of his family about my knowing their little secret; this was not big news to me. What really caught my interest was that Shliya had decided to meet me at such a late hour, that too, in her real form. What was going on? I couldn’t help wondering at such, all of a sudden, occurrence of her. “Shliya,” I said “Why are you here?”“I am sorry,” she looked at the floor “He had told me not to wake you up or scare you. All he wanted me to do was to keep an eye on you and keep on reporting to him, whether you are safe or not”“Hold on” I said “What do you mean by that? Were you spying on me?”She smiled in her conspirational way as she looked at me “I have been spying on you for past three months. How do you think Vasu came to know that you wanted that sari piece for your mum?”
My senses totally went on spinning roller coaster ride. Biting my lip, I felt cold, from head to toe. “How is he?” I simply asked that question when I already knew the answer to it “Miserable” she stared at the floor “He doesn’t show that, that’s totally another thing”“Why has he sent you for my spying? I am” I paused and looked at her smiling “Well, fine”“Really” she looked at me now, really looked at me  “Then why are those dark marks beneath your eyes? Why your face looks totally sad?”“Leave that” I smiled again, and said “Want to have something? Coffee or tea?” “Tea will do just fine” I got up as I heard her, and felt her eyes on my back. I had placed the pan on top of the burner when came beside me “Why are you two being so damn stubborn to each other, when it’s clearly visible, that you both are suffering?”Adding sugar to the pan, I said “Who said anything about being stubborn? It’s funny, isn’t it?” I turned to her and saw some gloominess on that beautiful face “When he wanted to explain everything to me then, I didn’t listen and now,” I chuckled “It’s the exact opposite. I want to explain certain things to him but, he doesn’t want to listen. The conclusion is, we can never be together now. It’s the end for both of us”“If this is ‘the end’ for both of you then, why did he command me to keep an eye on you? Why, when every time I go back, he asks me like crazy, if you are okay?”
I was sitting on the lounger now with the teacup tightly clutched in my hand. Shliya sat in front of me, on the same lounger. I had narrated the whole incident to her, from the beginning till the end. From the phone calls to the final revelation, and then the heart wrenching the last conversation, where he told me in cold words that he didn’t love me, anymore.“And” she picked it up from that “The fool you were, you accepted that” “Did he leave me with any other option?” I asked back. “Rashi,” she picked it up to my hand and saw the mark, which throbbed instantly, as she touched it “This is not just a mark. It’s the connection between you and Ahi. The eternal bond, which both of you share with each other. If one cries, then other feels the pain instantly, when one is happy the other is equally joyful. You don’t hate him for his non-human nature. You are simply offended that, he didn’t show enough courage, to walk in front of everyone and hold your hand, isn’t it? That, he never told you a single thing in all its reality?”I nodded and sipped the hot brewing liquid “What offended me the most was, in the end, he made everything my fault. It was my mistake that, I never gave him enough chance to speak for himself but, when I was finally convinced, and I admitted my fault, he left me, shrugged me aside as if I was some useless piece, which didn’t really matter”“Because he was hurt. When Shesh attacked you on full moon night, did you know how hard was it for him to control himself from not simply going forward and killing him? As were snake, when we are in hybrid form, we scarcely recognise the front person. At that time everything for us is prey. We are the hunters in our most dangerous form. You could have been killed by Shesh, who himself is practising the control of resisting the smell of blood”“He killed Koyal,” I said, shivering from head to toe.“He couldn’t help it” she said “It was the most unfortunate accident which took place. Please, don’t tell it to anyone”“I won’t,” I shook my head “How is Shesh?”“In shock, frozen, that he had committed such a heinous crime. I tried to cool him down by telling him that he could not help it but,” she shook her head helplessly and took a sip “all in vain. He is still trying to get out of that situation”“Be assured” I grasped her hand at that “my mouth is sealed, where your family’s secret is concerned. I will tell it to no one”“Thanks. That really matters a lot” she kept her hand on top of mine “So, should I take it that you are giving Ahi a second chance now?”“He won’t talk to me” I said “He is pretty angry with me right now”“He thinks that you have ended it. Both of you are fools” she simply looked away as she said that.“I think” she spoke again after a minute silence “You should go to sleep now”“I am not sleepy” I replied “Hey” I saw her eyes glittering as she said “Tomorrow there is a painting exhibition in Sir George’s Everest house. Will you come?”“I will try my best” I said, and both of us stood up at that “I think, I should take my leave now” she said. Then before I could say anything, she took me in a bear kind of hug. She was taller than me.“Bye,” she said, as she reached the door “And” she turned back at that, “I want you to join the office back if you can. We are unable to find any suitable librarian and, I don’t think, Ahi will allow anyone else in that place after you” she smiled that I-know-it-all smile of hers “Try to come tomorrow. Good night”“Good night” I smiled and waved her
Next day, thankfully, Mom was back, and I was permitted to go to that house. If I saw Ahi there? The question arose in my mind, and I immediately shrugged it off. Let him be. Till the time he is ready to face me, I won’t make any effort to load my opinion on him. Stepping down from the taxi, I was surprised to find that such bulky looking men were, guarding the gates as if there was the news of some intruder appearing there.Hesitating, I stepped inside the gate and to the carpet which led to the grand door. As soon as I put a foot inside, I a saw Shliya making her way towards me. She looked simply super in her black backless dress, which could make any man present there go all hot and bothering in a minute. The big translucent bluish-grey eyes of her totally complemented her attire. I looked like a human slave next to such ravishing beauty.“Hi, thanks for coming” she hugged me, as she said that. Many beautiful ladies surrounded the hall. God, I thought, what a joke I am?“Thanks for inviting” I smiled, as I hugged her back. I could see many curious glares directed towards me as if, they were silently asking, what was a lousy mouse like me was doing in this gathering of beautiful swans? One thing I noticed was, that my mark which was passive till now, suddenly throbbed with life, as if, certain signals were given to me. I winced slightly and quickly took that palm on the other hand.“What is it?” she asked as she noticed my reaction. I whispered “Nothing, my mark”“Show me” she whispered and saw the mark, which had turned from black to red “I envy you, this,” she said “I too wanted some divine mark like this which could mean that I belong to someone”“Not when your special someone doesn’t want you, you don’t” I replied smiling, though, I knew that I didn’t fool her for a minute. “Why don’t I show you some paintings? I hope you will like them” saying that she took me by my wrists and lead me to the biggest painting which showed a mother with her newborn infant in the crook of her hands “It’s lovely,” I said, as I inspected from every side.“And then there is this one” she took me to the other one which portrayed a boy sitting near a riverside with his hands under his chin, though the fishing rod was in the water but, boy had a lost trance in his eyes as if the boy had something else going on in his mind as if he was in his own dreamland. It stated the state of utter sadness in the spectator’s eye “It’s beautifully sad” I whispered, without even noticing that Shliya had long left my side. I was standing alone right now.“Shliya,” I said and then turned around to see that no one was with me right now. Shrugging, I proceeded to the next and this one really, really, caught my eye. It depicted a girl, with long flowing hair and a sad smile on her lips. She had such a questioning stare. This one made me uneasy for a time. Finally, after going through each and every one of them, I came to a stop as I saw the next one. It showed hands coming out of a snake’s head raised towards a girl. The same girl, who was portrayed in the previous picture I have seen before. It raised a question, the hand from the snake’s head. It asked the girl if she was willing to hold it, irrespective of the fact that, it belongs to a monster. Whether she could give the unconditional love to this one venomous snake, which was in front of it?My breath got caught in my throat as I kept on staring at that picture because, immediately, it flashed in my mind that the paintings were made by none other than Ahi Vasu Chauhan. His signature was in the corner of the painting, which I instantly recognised.“The girl has yet to answer” I whispered “Stupid snake, can you not read the way she is staring at the hand as if she will grab it any moment”  “Snake is indeed blind to the charms of the Lassie” came the voice right from behind. The voice had a certain amusement in it, as if amazed at something. I could feel goosebumps on my arms and then I turned to view the person who had said it.He was tall, lean, slender and had slit pupils of black with golden irises. Dressed in a grey suit and calm air surrounding him. I didn’t know him, and the lady, who was with him but, had a suspicion somewhere inside me that, both of them were someone in relation to the three brothers. More were snake’s, I thought, was there simply too many around me and I have never guessed?“Hello,” I said smiling nervously “But, do I know you?”“You certainly don’t and neither” he paused, “Do we, but,” he smiled in that calm way again” we would certainly like to know, who are you? We never saw you in any other Chauhan gathering”“Certainly not,” I said, “I am just a…” I paused, as I reconsider my situation “friend of theirs. They invited me here”“Indeed,” said the lady with a slow smile spreading on those crooked lips of hers “Just a friend but, whose friend, exactly?”“Mine,” came the voice from their back and we all turned our eyes to the direction of the voice. Shesh, with all the elegance of a lurking predator, came to my direction and took me in a fierce embrace. I was thrown off balance by that and had no option but to embrace him in return or else there, would have been doubts in the mind of the audience. Smiling, he turned to both of them and said “She is my personal secretary but, more than that, she is my very dear friend. Aren’t you Rashi?” he looked at me with his eyes telling me to play along for a while. Catching the cue, I smiled, and said “You didn’t have to do that much, Sir. Of course, you are my friend”“You see” he turned and smiled at them and then immediately, frozen his lips to stillness, as he said “But, don’t get any wrong directions kaka. She is just a friend.”
…The then ‘Parijana’, present ‘Kashyapa”, Vikram Singh Chauhan, my father’s younger brother and his wife ’Kadra’ Shavya Chauhan, Shliya’s parent, ordered us out of the Jaipur and the kingdom because we lost our Mani….
Ahi’s written words in his diary echoed in my brain as I finally recognised the royal ‘Kashyapa’ and ‘Kadra’ of the tribe, in their human form. That explains why Shesh had acted like that around me as if trying to keep me out of harm’s way. Three brothers hatred had resulted in this kind of relationship between their relatives and them.“Shesh” someone called him from the other corner, and he said to me “Go ahead, and then tell me what you liked, alright. I will come soon back to you”“Thank you for your concern, Sir,” I smiled and saw him going in that direction, “You must be really special to Shesh,” the lady asked me. Puzzled, I looked at her and saw her smiling in that conspirational way, as if, she was sharing some private joke with me “Aren’t friends special to each other?” I asked in return, “Like a boss, like an employee” said the man and raised his hands to shake mine “Vikram Singh Chauhan, the paternal uncle to these three boys. Nice to meet you” It was a wrong step for me to shake his hand as the moment his hand touched mine, then, such a sharp, hot searing pain went up to my arm that, I thought. I was blind for a moment. Still, I never showed it and instantly, pulled my hands-free of his grasp “Rashi…Rashi Sharma,” I introduced myself. Immediately, as if my name has triggered some sort of alertness in them, I saw their eyes changing to their snake one and then, back to the human ones “So,” said the lady “You are the human, who knows our secret” Goodness, I thought, so the news has been poured into the ears of the royalty too? Nervously Smiling, I nodded my head. “Shavya Chauhan,” she said, smiling and grasped my hands but, immediately, this time, the reversed action took place. I saw her eyes going wider as she shook my hands. Instantly, she left it, as if, she had taken a hot iron in her hands and looked at me amazingly, “amazing, what strength you have got. The universal connection to a Cobra! I must say, you are something very intriguing. A very unusual human, at that. Aren’t you scared, working in that office?”“No,” I replied “Where there are faith and friendship, there is no place for fear. It was a pleasure to meet you two. Now,” I said, “If you will excuse me” saying that, I left the place immediately, and went in search of Shliya. I stepped outside, where there was a mini bridge over a small artificial stream, thinking, that she must be here. It was already seven in the evening, and, I wanted to return back to home, now. I thought that, if I ask her then, she might drop me. Turned out that this was a wrong moment because exactly then, I saw Ahi, already standing on the bridge with his hands on the railing, and his eyes fixed on the small flowing stream, below the bridge. What was he thinking? I thought, and absently I had just walked a few steps to him when something stopped me. I kept myself hidden in the parts of the branches which hung low to my side. What will I say? I thought. What was there to say? The things between both of us were so complicated that a small conversation, too, could lead to a big argument, if tried. So, I thought, should I leave the things as they are and walk out before, he even realised that he is being watched? His hair had grown from the last time, I saw him. A certain relief swept over me as if, a thirsty person has finally found some oasis in the mid of the desert. Should I….? “Have you decided to hide there for the whole evening?” the question coming from him caught me offside, and I went red. Totally red! Coming out of my hiding place, I walked up to the bridge and stood at some distance while, grasping the railing with both hands and staring at the flowing stream. “What are you doing out, on such a cold evening?” I asked, “I can ask the same question to you,” he asked, “I was looking for Shliya” I replied, “Thought that, she might drop me home if I ask her to…”“You want to go home?” there was an undercurrent in his voice, as he asked me that. Was it a disappointment? I thought. “Yes,” I said, looking around “It’s late,” He remained silent on that and then finally, I managed to ask him “Ahi,” I spoke quietly “You have beautiful art. Your paintings are fabulous” He silently nodded. That’s it, I thought, well I just get a nod and nothing? “Did you have a special reason to come here?”“Not exactly, No” I said, “But, I think, I need to make some things clear i.e. I need to have a talk with you. It’s high time that we should come out in open, where both of our feelings are concerned”“I am cold,” he said, and turned to leave me once again when, this time, I placed myself in his path “Don’t you dare to walk out on me again, you understand. When I say that we need to talk then, I mean it. Your running away won’t change the truth. We need to confess something to each other, don’t we?”For a minute it was just that, an eerie silence. There was a need for me to stand strong on my point. Too much time had been wasted and, there was simply no profit in running or hiding from the truth. One day or the other, we have to face each other. Say the things we want to say. Then, why wait for tomorrow when it can be done today? He gave me careless kind of look but, I read it in his eyes, things which were hidden deep inside him and which were forcing themselves to be revealed. “Vasu,” I said “One name, which changed the direction of my entire life. The first night ,when this anonymous, supernatural creature called me, and told me, about his attraction to my kind act of saving him, without my knowledge, a small root of love, took its base in my heart. Then slowly, as the nights went in more conversations with him, I got to know that this talking snake was a were snake, a lycanthrope. A mythical creature, part human, part snake! Then as the days passed, and I delved more into the relationship, before I could stop myself, I was head over heels in love with him. Yes,” I paused “Even knowing, who he was. Then, one day, I came to know that my employer’s reserved brother was the person who had been talking to me from the past eight months. I felt cheated, betrayed, backstabbed, thinking on the very line that he must have been laughing at me, my emotions, and sentiments. He must be making fun of me, clearly knowing, that I was a mere employee under his younger brother’s supervision. The shock was so intense that, I resigned from the office, lying to my employer that my mom was not keeping well and someone was needed in the house to take care of her. If my lover really did love as he had stated one day then, why was he afraid to show himself in the church, when I had called him there to meet me? When you already knew that you have to reveal yourself someday to me?  why didn’t you show yourself in the church that day?”“You would have hated me,” he cried in the middle before I can complete myself “You would have hated me, as you do now. What’s the difference between now and then?”“There would have been the difference,” I spoke again, “Yes, I loved your other side but, if only you would have had woken me up that day in the church, and had tried to explain your inner fear to me, your inner feelings, then,” I wiped the rolling moisture from my cheeks and made my voice warm “I would have had understood or at least made an effort to understand the situation. Yes, I would have felt upset, as I do now but the feelings would not have had been this intense, then it is. What really pained me was that you had such low confidence in yourself, I, our love, everything. You never even said the words as you use to say on the phone. What more evidenced I needed then this that, you were just doing a sort of time pass with me? The person, who has written such high things about me in his book, was a coward in reality?”“But you never gave another chance..,”“Unlike you, I did admit my mistake. What about you?” I asked, making my voice calm once again “Leave admitting the mistake, you laid the fault entirely on my shoulder. You never even said that you still love me. On the contrary, you’re parting words were, it’s better this way that we should go our separate ways, when, you knew, that I was marked for you and there will be no girl in your life after me” suddenly, I was proud of my love. What I said was the truth, but the hope that, after this, any kind of secret will not linger between us, made me even more courageous on my path.“You’re mixing things up,”“Am I?”I crooked a brow “Answer me then, why sending Shliya to spy on me when you had no interest in me? Shesh could have killed me that night, why did you come to save me? Why painting that dramatic scene of a hand coming out of a snake’s head asking for the girl’s hand? Can’t the snake see that she was already willing to say yes, but only, if the person had enough faith in his love, which the snake was clearly lacking?”I could see his mouth moving but suddenly, I couldn’t hear him. Something pierced my back, like a needle. A blur curtain of misty fog came in front of my eyes. What’s happening? I thought. I could see grey and white stars dancing in front of my eyes. I moved my lips but, I could not hear even my own voice. All I saw was Ahi’s face, white as a sheet as he took me in his embrace; I saw the horror in his gaze, the fear. I said something but, what exactly? My mind went blank and I was pulled down into a hole of darkness.
I don’t exactly remember what had happened but, I was standing on the roof of my house. The house which we had in Doon! How did I come here? I thought. I turned from the railing of the roof and turned back, only to see my father sitting there. Dad, I thought, he always loved the roof, didn’t he? I could see him sitting in his comfortable armchair, with his face soaking up the sun. Smiling to myself, I walked up to him and saw him patting the next chair kept beside him “Sit,” he smiled. I sat on it and heard him “You know you are dreaming, don’t you?”I nodded my head and asked him “How did you know? You are dead”“I am alive in your heart,” he said “Leave that, so did he said he loved you?”“No,” I said removing the locks of hair from my face “But, he will, one day, of that I am sure”“You could have found much better than him” he smiled “But, then again, I think only a
were snake will do for you, isn’t it?”I smiled and winked at him “You know me better”“Kid” he spoke “One day, you will reveal a great secret of mine. Please, I pray you to forgive me, if you can”“You can tell me, Dad” I patted on his hand “I am very good at keeping secrets. Though, I still can’t understand how you know about my boyfriend’s secret identity”“You are unique, angel” he said and I smiled “Ahi calls me angel, Dad, you know”“he smiled “I trust him enough to keep you safe and don’t forget your poor father, little one”“Tell me the secret, Dad” I asked him again “ please”“Someday you will and then who knows, you might hate me?”“I will never hate you” I said but, immediately, something pulled me towards it. I saw his image turning into a whiff of smoke.“Dad” I said “Dad, Dad.”
Something crawled within me, throbbing, sucking me up. “Water,” I groaned “It's eating me, somebody, stop” but I could say no more as I heard voices around me about which, I could not make out anything. “I said, stop it…” I shrieked with all my might not caring for anything but, that something was tearing me up, making my mouth, throat dry, “Doctor,” I heard the voice calling urgently, “Stop it, please…..”I shrieked again, “Doctor, Doctor” the voices became worrisome “Patient has got venom in her system.”
The only thing, which I remember was that, when I opened my eyes, there was brightness all around me. Was it morning already? I thought, but, I wanted to sleep more. What date was it today? Where was Mom? Mom, yes, Mom…Vritra…Nuwa…why did these names sound familiar to me? What was this place? What had happened to me? I wanted to get up…“Stay still,” came a silken voice which sounded nice to my sensitive ear “You need to rest. Stay still. Don’t move.”
Absently, I moved my arms “No, angel” the voice said again “Don’t remove it.”Suddenly, like a waterfall, everything burst open in my memory. Every small detail, a very long one. I opened my eyes again, and I saw that face. The face, which had been imprinted in my brain, which seemed familiar to me yet… strange. He was my Vasu…Ahi
“Ahi,” I whispered and saw a relieved smile stretching on his face. He looked so…beautiful. Slowly, fearing that my touch would make him a whiff of smoke, I touched his cheek  “Are you Ahi?”“Yes,” I heard the certain lisp in his wobbly voice “I am your Ahi, for my entire life”“Why are you crying?” I wiped the tear from his cheek “I want water”“Suck these” he said and gave me some ice cubes to suck. The cool moisture felt good against my warm lips and parched throat. “I need to get up”“No, you don’t” he patted my head so that I may remain still “What happened?” I asked as I saw myself clad in wires and tubes “Why am I in the hospital? Where is Mum? Where are others?”“Mum is in the room adjacent to yours. She will come to meet you when you are properly awake. You took two bullets on your back meant for me, I think” I could see the anger fire in his eyes “Bullets,” I became more confused and frowned “Who fired the shot? Who wants to kill you? Why does anyone want to kill you? I want to kill you, nobody else has got the right ”I saw a teeth-baring smile cracking on that sensuous mouth of his. He bit his lower lip as he said “You can do that as soon as you get well. I don’t have any problem. As for the shooter, nobody knows. We all are just guessing” I nodded and winced. I saw the fear in his eyes again to which I replied “It hurts everywhere”“Then lie still. I swear I will catch the bastard and will kill him with my bare hands. He missed the shot and...” he became speechless and kept on putting on my hand. “But, you didn’t get him?” I asked, relieved to see some other emotion on his face “We will, angel” he said “We will. Maya was pretty horrified when the news was given to her”“You should not have told mum about it. She will get worked up for no reason”“Her daughter has taken two bullets on her back, and you say that there was no need to inform her? Be thankful that you have got mum to get all worked up for. I don’t want more people to have a fate like me, and my brothers”“I am sorry” I whispered “I didn’t mean it that way” he smiled again “Heal now”“How would you like to die? Tell me, I will prepare the material” I changed the direction of the talk “You have guts to talk like this to the head of the Chauhan industries, girl” his mouth was set but, I could see the strange light in those eyes of his. His mischievousness was clearly set in that firm set of his mouth “So, what are you going to do about it?” I asked, “You love me, as such, you are going to treat me with all the respect, kindness and love, even after I step out of the hospital premises…” I stop in the mid of the sentence as a sudden fear took its root in my consciousness.“You do love me, don’t you Vasu?” I saw his mouth loosening up on that and a sun, which really shined out of his eyes “Yes,” he whispered against my forehead as he caressed his lips there “I love you, Rashi” he faced me then and asked me “What about you Ms Sharma, do you love me?” “I took two bullets for you, mister,” I said “Isn’t that enough for me to prove my love for you?”“It’s more than enough” he said, this time caressing his lips against my eyelids “And, in future, please don’t try to prove your love in this way. It scares me” “Yes, Sir,” I said and tried to smile. God, it even hurt for such a simple activity“You want to know how you can kill me?” his breath washed over my face which recalled me of warm sunshine “Wound or tries to hurt yourself,” he smiled “I will die of my own. No need of doing anything.  Cobra’s mark connects my lifeline with you? If you die, I die too”“Nobody will die” I said “I saw Dad in my dream. He said, he liked you” “Tell him, thanks,” he said “Now rest, Angel. I don’t think your Mum likes me as much as she likes Shesh. But, she said thanks to me, when she came to know that, I gave blood to you”“You gave blood to me?” I smiled “I remember the sensation which went through me. I took your venom, too”“I am sorry for that” he became all concerned, as he said that “I knew that the pain would be unbearable, but you took it that was the wonder of the whole thing”“So, does this means that even I am also…” I let the sentence hung there “No” he said “You are still human. You can’t be converted into a were snake. You have to be born a were snake to become one” he paused “Well if an ordinary human had taken my blood, he would have died unless like you”“Your aunt told me that I am an unusual human? Does the Cobra Mark have any role to play in it?”“It has the entire role to play in it” he laughed and then lightly caressed my cheeks with his finger “I am glad that you are alive. You have no idea what went on me when I spotted blood on your back. I could scarcely control myself but, miraculously, I did”“That’s good ha?” I asked “It’s more than that, it’s wonderful” this time his lips just touched the corner of my mouth “Sorry,” he said frowning “I can’t...…”“Kiss me right now?” I asked “I know”“For that” he smiled in my eyes “You will have to heal fast”“Is that the condition?”“It certainly is”“Just wait and watch” he merely smiled “Ahi” Sort of lethargy came on me “Did I ever told you that you are handsome?”“Tell me afterwards, angel, sleep now” his hand on my head and I drowsed into a great slumber
I was sitting in a wheelchair. The doctor had said that I need a proper bed rest for some time and that, I should not walk. Seems like, my leg had suffered due to the bullet. I was staring at a bed of roses absently when someone sat next to me. The lawn looked beautiful right now. In past days, even Mom had become strict with my eating, medication, sleeping habits etc. I felt like a two-year-old again. Shesh, on the other hand, had simply told me that I can join him right after, I get well. Shliya, on the other hand, was simply happy that Ahi and I have finally confessed to each other. We have warned her that for now, this news should not reach the ears of others. Not till the time, I am fully healed.She had supplied me daily with a box of chocolates, flowers, cards and whatnot. I have even told Ahi to make her stop but he simply got another box of chocolate for me.“I will turn into a bus if you people didn’t stop this chocolate supply” I had said irritably. Vritra and Nuwa, on the other hand, hadn’t stopped praising me for my brave act.“It was just an accident” I said, but, that did not shut them up. Ahi had gone one step further in making things better by allotting a small cottage at the name of my mom. I had told him that this will create suspicion but, he had replied that this was my advance bonus, even before I have started with the job. Mom had told me in clear words that Ahi scared her but; Shesh was a good looking one. I had told Mom about both of us; I think that was another reason why she didn’t like Ahi. He had just chuckled but, told her in kind words “Please, Doctor Sharma, don’t tell about this relationship thing to anyone, not till Rashi says, otherwise” Staring towards the lawn, I was just thinking about all this when; I felt something against my cheeks “Thinking about me?” Ahi asked, as he pecked me on my cheek “You know what,” he said “I was thinking, how about we take a vacation for a while and go somewhere. I am bored with all this office work now” “Thinking of honeymoon before we even got married, are you?” I asked as I turned my face towards him. I think the word had got something as I quickly saw the transformation in that face of his. “Rashi” he sat on his knees as he looked at me “ It won’t be easy, I should tell you that you should go somewhere else and make a separate life for yourself but,” he smiled in his breathtaking way again “But, I am selfish where you are concerned so, I would just advise you that I would like to prolong this relationship with you for one more year. Let everyone get accustomed to this new thing. Until the time, especially your mom set herself in this new setting; we will have to be just like this. Then, after one year, I will go myself and talk to her about our nuptials. How does that sound?” he looked at me now “Perfect,” I said because, everything  sensed wonderful, right now.“So, you told everyone in your family, even the royalty, about me?” I asked him. I saw his knuckles turning white at that.“Shliya told them, I believe” he said “I never planned to tell them about you, especially, about you”“What about Mani, the three magical stones?” I bit my lip, knowing that this was the most difficult question out of everyone “Search is still on” he said, as he took my hand and absently traced my palm lines “ It is somewhere here. Somewhere, waiting for us to find it”“If I can be of some help…”“No,” he gave me such a strict look “You won’t do anything crazy, understand? It’s our sole responsibility to search for it. If we want the throne of Jaipur back with Vritra Khinna then, we will have to search the thing all by ourselves.”“What happened, if you could never find it?” I shuddered to the possibility but,it was always there.“With time, our powers will start declining. Lifespan will become short for all four of us”“Do your uncle and aunt have theirs, with them?” I asked “Yes,” he smiled sarcastically and looked ahead “That’s the main thing, isn’t it? Their Mani has made them powerful enough to rule over the throne. Shliya denounced their rule a long time ago, a century ago, if you ask me”“What do you mean by, a century ago?” I looked at him, amazed “She is two hundred years old,” he looked at me, and whatever he saw in my eyes, amused him, “Wait” he said, “You didn’t know that?”“You never mentioned in your diary that your creatures have such long lives. How old are you?”“What do you think?” he smiled, as he kept on looking in my eyes, “You tell me,” I asked “I can’t even guess”“I am three thousand years old” he smiled, and nearly burst into laughter, when he saw my mouth hung open “You are joking,” I said, simply astonished at that revelation of his “No,” he shook his head in disbelieve “Most assuredly, I am serious. Vritra Khinna is five thousand years, Nuwa, well she is the same. Shesh Khinna, two thousand” “Oh my God,” I said before I could control myself “Well, I will die after the age of ninety. What then?”“All I have to do is pierce my heart with a silver knife and I will join you in the other world”“Sshh” I put a finger on his parted lips “You should have said that you will live for me”“Why to lie?” he said “When I don’t want to live in this world without you. Hey,” all of a sudden, he became concerned “What’s happening with your eyes?” Even I was thinking on the same lines since the days, I have got up from the hospital bed. It was my last day there today, still, the irritation, burning of my eyes, seemed to have no stop to it. It got lessened up in the day but, became worse at night. I could barely sleep, with that thing going on, in its continuation.I closed them and then opened them again “This thing has been happening to me for quite some time”I saw his silken brows frowning in concern as he came closer to my face, and then, I saw the shock in his eyes. ‘No” he whispered “this could not be, it certainly could not be”“Vasu,” I said “What is it? What happened?” I preferred calling him with this title only. Even he didn’t mind that part. He didn’t answer me and kept on staring at me. Then, on cue, I saw Shliya coming there with something in her hands.“Hi, Shliya” I smiled while my eye watered slightly “Keep your eyes closed,” she said. Immediately, I closed them “Will you people tell me what’s happening?” I asked, “Seems like Vasu’s venom has started affecting you,” Shliya said “Your eyes are…are”“My eyes, what?” I asked, irritatingly “Your eyes are turning out to be like ours, slowly” I heard his voice and heard the fear, pain in it, “What do you mean by that?” I asked “I mean…your eyes are turning to be like that of a were snake” I felt myself leaving the wheelchair, being taken into his arms and then…being taken somewhere. “Where are you taking me?” I asked “You still need to heal. Time for your medication” he said, “Vasu,” I groaned again “What’s happening? Tell me correctly”“Nothing’s happening angel, nothing happening. Your body still needs some rest”
After two weeks….
Being back in my own house felt great, especially when I have left that old fragile one! I had protested a lot in the starting that I don’t want him to shower so many things on me. He said, that let him give this cottage to me as a loan, I can keep paying in instalment whenever I want. My eyes, for the other thing, have seriously changed. I mean, I was still human, but my eyes have changed from that of grey to translucent grey. My vision had become sharper, compared to my previous weak human one. I have still to join Shesh back as his personal secretary, I thought. I was busy drying my hair when I heard mum
“Rashi, Cops are here again”“Coming mum,” I said and started to come down. I still had some difficulty in walking. I have just taken a step down when I saw Vasu climbing to me. Draping one of the mine arms around his neck, he supported me till the lounger and then carefully, seated me. Done with that, he turned to the head Cop Raj Sandhu, middle-aged man in his early thirty’s. Police had been on the investigation after Koyal’s murder but, this recent murder attempt on Ahi had taken the things on a certain twist. From the day I had been discharged from the hospital, the three brothers (especially Ahi, on that) had forbidden cops to ask any sort of question to me. But, it seems, even the cops were stubborn in their work, and finally, they have humbly requested me to help them out with anything, I could tell them.“I am sorry, Ms Sharma” said Sandhu “But, It’s my work to ask questions. we should not give you any sort of trouble but, we are helpless.”“Too right, you are” Ahi said, to which I simply eyed him, pleading, to not interfere “Of course, Sir,” I smiled “Please, go on”“So,” he said “Did you by any chance saw the face of the shooter when the incident took place?”“Of course, not Sir,” I smiled again “I didn’t. If I had seen it then, I would not have been in this condition” I replied and laughed a little. “True,” he smiled himself at that answer “That’s all I wanted to ask”“Any luck in Koyal’s case, inspector?” Ahi turned to the cop “Has the murderer being caught?”“It seems as if we cannot find anything in that case, too. Whoever, the person behind this shootout, is, you have our guarantee that in this way or that, we will catch him” he replied. I could see that he was true to his promise. “Doctor informed me that certain pieces of silver had been spotted in the bullet. Can you tell me what does this means?” Sandhu turned to me at that. My senses went on alert. So, I thought, that was why Ahi sensed that the attack was on him and that, I simply came in between “I have no idea, Sir” I shook my head. Nodding in silence, he got up and shook my hand “I am sorry, Ms Sharma that I had to trouble you but…”“I smiled “It’s alright, Sir. You were just doing your duty” I said “Thank you for your co-operation, Ms Sharma. Hope you have an early recovery now” “Thank you for your wishes, Sir” I said, as I bid them goodbye.I turned to go back to my room when I heard Mom “Call me alright if the pain is back in any part. Love you, kid. Bye”“Bye, mum” I kissed her on the cheek and saw her leaving the house. Mum always knew when to give some private space to me.“Time for some bed rest again” Ahi’s arms went around me as he carried me in his arms, as if, I didn’t weigh much.“Your arms will start aching after some time” I said, as I saw him taking me back through stairs and then finally keeping me on the bed “Not a wild chance” he smiled and lightly kissed me on my cheeks.“I am fine now. I can walk on my own. Stop pampering me so much” I said, as I saw him lying down on the bed with his head on my thigh.“Hmm,” he sighed “I always thought that your eyes look beautiful but, now” he paused “They look simply amazing”“Thanks,” I smiled“Hey,” he got up as he said “Close your eyes”“Why? They don’t burn now”“Not that stupid,” he said “I want to give you the kiss of life”“Such a show-off,” I said “Can’t you say that you simply want to kiss me? You have to be dramatic all the time”“Do it” he said and then added that word “Please”. That melting stares again, and I was lost. Immediately, I closed my eyes. seconds, minutes passed. Our first kiss, I thought, thrilled to my core. a little puff of breath on my lips before finally feeling them. I don’t remember who trembled. Goosebumps on my arms, stretching of nerves to their utmost limit, his lips were so warm, soft.  His palms on my cheek as if scared, that I will run to another direction. Slowly, eyes closed he parted mine with his tongue. Suddenly, as if he remembered something, he stilled, and then attached his head to mine.“We can’t go beyond this…tongue… venom” Seems, my heart had totally stopped till the time we have been at this intimate contact with each other. But, as slowly the reality settled on me, I recognised the danger in what he said. Of course, his tongue was venomous. I opened my eyes, as he slowly detached himself from me.“You said, that the venom won’t work on me” head rested on my shoulder “I don’t want to take chances, whether it affects you, or not, I love you,” he said as I saw his head turning to mine “As I love you” I smiled “I think,” he said “a second kiss won’t do any harm”“I don’t think so” I said, as, once again, he took my mouth in a sweet willing kiss.
**********************************THE END*******************************
WILL BE CONTINUED IN THE NEXT BOOK………

