


Melanie’s Evanescent Journey

By
B. Truly


Copyright © 2014 Authored By: B Truly
All rights reserved

ISBN: 9781311583741

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead is purely accidental.


Dedication


Thank you to my family who always supports me, and to mother, Dianna Simpson. Also, to my book partner, Kathleen Montemayor. A special thanks goes out to my son, Jamail Gaines. He knows my characters well and has given me input for scenes in this novel.

Table of Contents

Part I
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Part II
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Epilogue
Sonar The Crashing Prologue
The Crash Bonus


Special E-book Edition
Extended and additional scenes


There are always two sides to a story. Find out Melanie Wilhelm’s in this exhilarating new adult, paranormal, sci-fi, romance. From spiraling twists to devastating ploys, this journey will make you question true love.
Love may cost a price, if the greater good preordains you are the sacrifice.




Part I


Chapter 1


“America the land of the free,” as the famous saying went. I was still getting used to the home of the brave. The American way was slightly differently than the Australian way, where I had been born and raised. There were several things which I loved about this country, but I still missed home. It was my first day as a senior at Cashmere High. My dad had accepted a job transfer to Denver, Colorado, and we moved to the United States at the beginning of June.
I’d made a few friends over the summer and always got the same question from everyone: “Wow, where are you from? Your accent is strong.” Once I told them Australia, they were genuinely interested. It was a good way to break the ice. Ebony Wilson lived across the street. She was a senior this year, also, and very talkative. I loved her personality. We had become great friends over the summer. It seemed like I had known her all of my life.
Pulling into her driveway, I blew the horn. Ebony pranced to the car a few seconds later, tickled pink about the first day. Not me, my stomach was a bundle of nerves. Ebony was five-six, three inches taller than me. Her jet-black hair had been long like mine at the beginning of the summer, but a few weeks ago, she decided to try something new and chopped it all off. Now she had her hair styled in a short bob, which looked great on her. She tried to talk me into getting a short do, too. My blonde hair was naturally wavy, and I wasn’t sure how the waves would pan out in a bob.
“Hey, Mel,” she said, getting into the car.
“How ya doin’, Ebony?”
“I’m pretty psyched about being a senior this year. You look cute by the way. Your light green shirt matches your eyes perfectly.”
“Cheers mate, so do you.”
“I just love your Australian terms,” she giggled.
       “Well, you’ve been showing me the ropes.”
       “I’ll have you fully converted into an all-out American in no time.” I grinned at her enthusiasm. “You’ll love Cashmere. Are you ready?”
“As ready as I’m going to be.”
There were several students in the cafeteria when we arrived. It was a good-size school with about four thousand pupils. Ebony introduced me to some of her friends. Of course, I received the “where are you from” question because of my accent. Everyone seemed nice, but I still missed my old high school and friends. It sucked to attend a school for three years, then have to graduate from another. I went through the cafeteria line for chocolate milk, my favorite. Not paying attention, I took a sip, and then I bumped into him, spilling milk on his shirt.
How humiliating. “Oh, my gosh! I’m such a klutz, sorry.”
He seemed startled for a second but recovered. “It’s fine. Don’t worry about it.”
“But it’s all over your shirt.”
“I’ll live, besides, my shirt can be washed,” he shrugged, smiling at me.
Getting over my initial embarrassment, I really got a good look at him. Slightly over six feet tall, he had chestnut-brown hair with red highlights. His eyes were so green, like emeralds. Were they his natural color? Did he attend school here because he looked like a model from Vogue?
“My name is Jason, by the way.”
My tongue was stuck to the inside of my mouth. I shook my head, trying to clear my thoughts. He was talking to me. What had he said? I didn’t want to sound like a stuttering fool. He’s just a guy. Well, more like a Greek god.
“Hi, I’m Melanie.”
“Nice to meet you, Melanie.”
“Likewise,” I replied, as the bell rang. “I better get a head start to class,” I added, after a few silent seconds.
“Okay. See you around, Melanie.”
I felt like such an idiot standing there ogling him. I’m sure he couldn’t help but notice with how my mouth was hanging open.
Ebony approached me. “I see you met Jason.”
“Yep, I did. Although, it was more like I spilled milk on him.”
“It was a good way to get his attention.”
“I’m so embarrassed. He was nice about it at least.”
“He’s also totally smoking!”
“I definitely noticed that, too.”
“His brother Jaden is good-looking, also. They are the two hottest guys in school. His brother is very cocky, though.”
“What grade is Jason in?”
“He’s a senior. His two siblings and he transferred here two years ago.”
“He has a girlfriend, I’m sure.”
“So you are interested in him, huh?”
“Probably every girl in this school is interested. He looks like a top-class model.”
“You’re right; they are, but good luck getting to know him. Believe it or not, even though he’s drop-dead gorgeous, Jason’s very shy. I’ve seen him speak to girls in passing. Dozens have tried to get his attention but failed. He’s a mystery and doesn’t seem to let anyone get close. It’s actually been entertaining to watch girls throw themselves at him.” Ebony scrunched her noise. “His brother, on the other hand, is a big flirt.”
“Do you know his brother personally?”
She sighed. “I actually do. We were in a relationship last year.”
“So he’s the one you’d mentioned over the summer, but when I asked you more about him, you changed the subject?”
“Yeah, that’s him.”
“Why did you guys break up? It’s obvious you cared about him.”
“I did—even thought seriously about taking it to the next level. Jaden was just too big of a flirt. Girls threw themselves at him, and he indulged in conversation instead of pushing them away like Jason does. We were in a relationship. I got tired of it, so I broke up with him.”
“At least you stood up for yourself.”
“I know, but I miss him. He tried to get back with me for a while afterward, I just didn’t give in. Now, I want to try again. But I think his pride is wounded, because Jaden purposely flirts with girls when I’m around.”
“Maybe it’s for the best then. You deserve someone who only admires you.”
“See, that’s why you’re my best friend.” Ebony beamed. “We better get to class before we’re late.”

My first four classes and lunch flew by quickly. I had gotten several stares while exchanging classes in the hallway—interest from some guys and mostly evil glares from girls. Another perk of being the new girl. I was one of the first to arrive in my fifth-period calculus class. The teacher, Ms. Jones, told me to take a seat anywhere. I sat at an empty table toward the back of the room. As I waited for class to start, my thoughts were of Jason. His deep green eyes seemed to hold a mystery, one I found myself wanting to unfold. I was so deep in thought, I didn’t notice someone sit next to me.
“Hi, again.”
It was him. I jumped and could only imagine my facial expression. I was surprised and elated to see him at the same time. 
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you.”
He smiled and I melted. “It’s okay. I was daydreaming.” About you. Thank heavens he couldn’t read minds.
“Is it all right if I sit next to you?”
Hell yeah, you can! My mind screamed. “Sure, it’s cool.”
“This is your first year attending Cashmere, right?”
My breathing picked up, and I was trying to evaluate the situation. I’d had plenty of boyfriends in the past and I was pretty confident in myself. Why did I have butterflies in my stomach? No guy had ever made me this nervous before. Finally, I nodded.
“You’re from Australia.” It was not a question.
“Yep, I am. Are people talking about me?”
“They are talking about you, but not about where you’re from. I knew from your accent.”
“Impressive. Most people think I’m from Britain.”
The bell rang, and Ms. Jones started class. She introduced herself, and then she told us that we could talk quietly among ourselves for a few minutes. I pulled out some of my homework.
“Do you like America?” Jason asked, turning again to face me.
       What was Ebony talking about? He didn’t seem shy to me. “It’s okay, but I miss home. Starting over in a new country my senior year is kind of hard.”
“I can imagine. Trust me. Why did you move here?”
“My father accepted a job transfer. My parents could retire ten years early if he took it.”
“I hope things get easier for you. This is a pretty nice town, though.”
I glanced at his gray polo shirt, which was stained from chocolate milk, and bit my lip. I wasn’t sure if the stain would come out. He noticed my eyes full of guilt.
“I’m not mad about the shirt, Melanie. It’s just clothing, and besides, it allowed us to meet,” he replied with a bashful smile.
I loved the way my name sounded coming from his lips. And was he flirting with me? I could only hope. “I heard you transferred here a few years ago. Have you lived in this country all your life?” I asked, changing the subject.
His eyes widened, and he fiddled with his pen. “That’s a complicated question.”
It seemed like a simple one to me. “How so?”
His forehead wrinkled. “Maybe another time.” 
What a weird response. Jason turned around as Ms. Jones addressed the class. One minute Jason was talking, asking me a ton of questions—I ask one question about him, and he shuts down. His close proximity made me fidget. It felt like he was sending off electric currents. I wanted to glance over at him but refrained. Class finally ended. I didn’t want my time to be up with him. At the same time, being so close to Jason was unnerving. He stood up, but waited for me to walk first, since I was closest to the aisle.
“Do you need help finding your next class?” Jason asked.
I really wasn’t sure where my next class was, but I needed some space from him. In the future, I’d have to get a grip because I refused to appear like a love-struck teenager. “Cheers, but I know where it is.”
“All right, I’ll see you around.”
My cheeks felt flushed. I attempted to smile as he walked away. I couldn’t figure him out. Most guys were so predictable. Jason had a wall up, but he seemed interested in me. Maybe he was just being nice to the new girl. Still, I hoped we could get to know each other better.

* * *

The next day butterflies twirled in my stomach, more than eager to get to school. I actually applied some makeup, which I rarely wore.
“Wow, you look fantastic,” Ebony said, getting into the car. “I don’t ever think I’ve seen you wear makeup. You must be trying to impress a certain someone.”
“It’s no one in particular.”
“That’s a fat lie. In the three months I have known you, I’ve never seen you wear it.”
“I’ve just never felt like wearing it before.”
“Yeah, sure. This has something to do with someone whose name starts with the letter J.”
“Be quiet,” I replied, grinning like a fool.
I pulled up to the school and we headed inside. My face fell when I noticed he wasn’t in the cafeteria.
After second period, I was at my locker. Jason was talking with a guy across the hall. We glanced at each other and he smiled at me. It must have been his brother he was speaking to—they resembled each other. I gathered my books, heading off to class.
My heart raced over seeing him in fifth period. He was already there when I arrived. My breathing hitched as I took my seat.
Jason bit his lip. “How are you today, Melanie?”
“I’m fine. Not getting lost as much.”
He laughed softly. “That’s good. I’m glad to be in fifth period.”
“You like calculus?”
“It’s okay. This class is very easy for me.”
Easy? He must be a genius because the subject was kind of difficult. “You said you were happy to be here.”
“I am, but not for the subject.”
My heart skipped a beat. Did he mean due to me? There was a God. I played it off. “Were you talking with your brother earlier?”
“Yeah.”
“You guys resemble each other. Except he is a little taller, and you’re more muscular.”
“Really? We don’t get told that often. His hair is a much lighter brown and his eyes are hazel. He and my sister look exactly alike.”
“Well, you guys must all look alike, then.”
“My sister is in our class by the way.”
“What, she is?”
“Yeah, over there,” he said, pointing.
His sister was sitting behind us, on the other side of the room. Her eyebrows rose, then she grinned and waved. Damn, the looks ran in the family. She was a knockout. She had long, light-brown hair and hazel eyes. Her face was flawless. Her lips were full and well sculptured. She could give Angelina Jolie a run for her money. I waved back.
“I can see the family resemblance.”
“You are really observant.”
Ugh! Why did I give him a full analysis? I felt my cheeks flush.
“Don’t worry. It’s a good trait to have. I’m the same way.”
That really didn’t make me feel better. Thank heavens the bell rang for class to begin. I threw my hair over my shoulder, creating a veil. I peeked at him through my hair, but at least he couldn’t see me. I hoped. When class ended, I wrote in my tablet like I was finishing something and didn’t look up. I heard him sigh.
“Maybe I will see you again before the day is over.”
I glanced up quickly, and then back to my notebook. “We’ll see.”
“Okay, then.”
“Have a good one, Jason.” I heard him walk away and I let out the breath I’d been holding. This man affected me like no one else. I had already embarrassed myself when class begun and didn’t want to say anything else to lead me to look like a stalker. Did he want to get to know me? He had stared at me several times throughout the class period, but had yet to ask me for my phone number or even a study date. It was frustrating, but I wasn’t going to give up trying to find out his mystery.

* * *

Work was busy this evening and it was a welcomed distraction. I worked as a waitress with Ebony at the Burger Grill. The restaurant was a small, family-owned diner. It had been around for over forty years. Ebony had gotten me on a few weeks ago.
“How was your day?” Ebony asked as we were putting our aprons on.
“I’m getting used to the flow of school. How was yours?”
“It will be better once this shift is over. I’m bloated and cramping.”
“Did you take some medicine?”
“Yeah, but it hasn’t kicked in yet. Any luck with J?”
“Not sure. We talked some.”
“At least he’s talking with you. It’s a good sign.”
“I hope so.”
“People are getting seated in our sections. We’d better get to our tables.”
We tended to the crowd, and around an hour later, Ebony tapped me on my shoulder.
“Look what the cat dragged in. I sat him in your section,” she said, giggling.
I saw Jason across the room, sitting with his brother and sister. My eyes grew wide. “Thanks a lot.” Now I would have to face him again.
“You’re welcome.” She stuck out her tongue.
Taking in a deep breath, I went to their table. “G’day, guys, I’m Melanie. What can I get for you this evening?”
Jason glanced up in surprise. He blushed, making my stomach do a somersault. Their sister greeted, “Hi, Melanie. We get to formally meet now, I’m Harmony.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” I said. “What would you like to drink?”
“I’ll have a Coke,” she replied.
Harmony and her brother did look exactly alike. “Are you guy’s twins?” I blurted out.
“Yeah, we are,” her brother answered. “Good to meet you, Melanie. I’m Jaden. How do you like Cashmere so far?”
“It’s okay. School here is a little different from in Australia.”
“I love your accent,” Jaden flirted.
“Cheers mate.” Jaden smirked. “I mean thanks.”
       “It’s all good. English has so many words and a lot of slang,” Jaden said.
       “That’s for sure.” Jaden was handsome, but his brother was gorgeous.
“Melanie, how long have you been working here? My siblings and I come often,” Jason interrupted, and appeared to give his brother an evil glare.
“For just a few weeks.” Jason seemed like he wanted to ask something else but didn’t. “What can I get you guys to drink?” I didn’t want to stand there making goo-goo eyes at him.
“I’ll have a Coke, too” Jaden said.
“And I will have a Sprite,” Jason told me.
“Coming right up.”
I brought them their drinks, got their food order, and took care of my other tables. A while later, Ebony stood next to me, waiting on her order.
“I’ve noticed that he keeps staring at you.”
“Who?”
“You know who.”
“Don’t you have tables to tend to?” I jabbed her playfully in the arm.
“I just thought you should know.”
She winked at me, taking her food. Jason was eating a French fry. Gosh, he even looked sexy doing that. He caught my eye and signaled for me to come over.
“We’d like the check, please,” Harmony said.
“Sure.” I pulled out the bill, placing it on the table.
“So Melanie, are you seeing anyone?” Jaden asked with no shame.
Excuse me! He gave being direct a new name. I’d just met him. Harmony giggled. Jason turned beet red. I cleared my throat. “Nup, not at the moment. Why?”
“Maybe we can hang out sometimes.” Jaden grinned from ear to ear. He leaned back and folded his arms behind his head, waiting for an answer. Harmony shook her head. Jason blew out his breath.
“Umm … nup. Absolutely not.”
“Geez, well why not?”
My nose wrinkled. First off, Ebony’s my friend, I thought.
Jaden’s eyes grew big as saucers. “Oh … I’m sorry. I didn’t know you guys were friends.”
Huh? Had Jaden guessed that from my expression or read my mind? I hadn’t even answered him yet. “Yep, we are good friends.” Jaden’s brow furrowed. “Besides, I have my eye on someone else.” I rolled my eyes, walking away.
I went to the kitchen, and couldn’t help glancing back at their table. Harmony and Jason were in a fit of giggles. Served him right. It was obvious Jaden thought he was Mr. Casanova.
“What was Jaden talking to you about?” Ebony asked.
“Nothing much, the usual. He noticed my accent and wondered where I was from,” I lied. I wasn’t about to tell her that he was flirting. Jaden had apologized when he realized we were friends though, so maybe he wasn’t a total douche. I stared over to my section again, but they were gone.

* * *

The following day on my way to first period, Jason approached me. “Hi, Melanie, wait up.”
“Hey, Jason.”
“I wanted to apologize if my brother offended you yesterday.”
“It’s okay, but is your brother always like that?”
He raked a hand through his hair. “Umm … yes.”
“Well, you might want to tell him that not every woman wants him.”
He burst out laughing. “I’ll definitely let him know.”
“I can see why Ebony broke up with him.”
“She broke up with him? He told me it was the other way around.”
“I heard differently.”
“It figures. My brother wouldn’t admit to getting dumped.” He chuckled, and I did, too. “Anyways, I told him to back off.”
“Why?” I asked, with my eyebrow arched.
“I have my reasons.” His emerald eyes held a mysterious expression. “See you in fifth.”
“See ya, then.”
I wished I knew what those reasons where. We had a connection. Hopefully, Jason felt it, too. I sensed we would be friends, although I longed to be much more. I was going to try to slowly chisel away at his secrets.

* * *

After school, I pulled into the gas station, parking at the pump. Ebony and I went inside the convenience store, gathering a few items.
As we were heading out, Ebony said, “The Alan brothers are here. What’s the deal with us bumping into them?”
Glancing in the direction she was looking, I noticed Jason and his siblings were getting out of the car. They were parked in front of the store. Jason and I made eye contact, and then we smiled at each other.
Jaden shifted his weight. “Hi, Ebony.” His eyes raked over her—apparently he was still into her.
“Hey, Jaden,” Ebony said, changing her footing.
A loud screech snapped our heads to the side. A car was driving fast as it entered the station. The tire had broken—sparks were popping off of the rim. The car tilted slightly to the side. Unable to control the vehicle, the catastrophe was sending the driver straight into the gas pump—the pump that was right next to my car. This wasn’t going to end well.
Thinking the same thoughts, Ebony shouted, “Oh, shit!”
The car crashed hard into the pump, followed by a deafening bang. The collision triggered the pump to explode. Huge flames erupted from it. I gasped. The fire was about to engulf the car, but something miraculous happened. A transparent-like substance covered the vehicle. The flames surrounded the car, but didn’t seem to penetrate it.
“What the....” Ebony exclaimed.
Another horrendous boom detonated from the pump—more flames came from it, and they were headed straight for my car. Just before the flames consumed my vehicle—they seemed to have a mind of their own, like a tornado changing its course. The fire turned in the opposite direction, returning to the gas pump. Somehow, they stayed contained in that area.
Everyone was shell-shocked, but Jason acted first. He rushed to assist the person who was struggling to get the driver’s door open. Jason helped the guy, yanking the door loose. In a matter of seconds, after the guy had escaped, the transparent substance shielding the vehicle flickered out. The raging flames engulfed the car.
Snapping out of my stupor, I said, “I’ll call 911.”
By this time, the store attendant ran outside. “Good God, almighty. What a disaster.”
I gave the 911 rep the address, and a quick summary about the explosion. “They’re sending a fire truck and assistance,” I relayed to everyone. Other bystanders were checking out the scene, taking pictures and talking on their phones.
“Are you guys okay?” Harmony asked Jason and the guy.
They both nodded. The poor dude’s eyes were big as golf balls.
“Thanks man,” he told Jason.
“No problem. Melanie, give me your keys so I can move your car out of harm’s way,” Jason offered.
Giving him the keys, I said, “Thank you.” Moving my car was a great idea. The fire hadn’t spread yet, but it was still going strong. Jason parked my car by theirs. Harmony was shaking, violently. “Are you all right?”
She placed her hand against her forehead. “Yeah.... I don’t know what’s wrong me with.”
I was jittery, too. That man could’ve lost his life. An angel must’ve been watching over him and sparing my car. Ebony was standing by Jaden. He raked a hand through his sandy-brown hair, looking like he’d seen a ghost. He swayed.
“Jaden, what’s wrong?” Ebony asked.
“I’m fine. I just got dizzy for a moment.”
Maybe I hadn’t imagined the car being shielded from the flames, and then them doing an about-face not consuming my vehicle. That was a mystery in itself. Fire generally didn’t change directions when it was being propelled by an explosion. It wasn’t even windy. If they’d seen the same thing it was probably causing them to be off kilter, also. Ebony must have, too, she’d spoken her disbelief.
“Let’s go inside folks, until the fire department arrives,” the clerk advised. “The fire might get out of hand and cause another pump to explode.”
He didn’t have to tell us twice. Everyone hauled ass into the store. Thankfully the fire department arrived fast and extinguished the flames quickly.
Afterward, they questioned us. We all told them the same story—the car’s wheel had come off, catapulting it into the pump. No one mentioned the paranormal activity of the flames. The guy’s vehicle had been burned to a crisp—unrecognizable. Luckily, he hadn’t been harmed.
Ebony and I were still shaken by the incident on the way home.
“Did you see what happened with that dude’s car? And how ... did the flames move backward?” Ebony scratched her temple.
“I’m thankful my car was spared and the guy managed to get out safely. It could’ve been a disaster.”
“That’s for sure.”
“A miracle from the good Lord above is the only explanation I can come up with.”
“That has to be the reason. Now I can actually say that I’ve witnessed a miracle. That was crazy.”
Nodding, I couldn’t agree more.
That evening the gas pump explosion had made the news. We’d left before the media had gotten there. My parents were relieved I wasn’t injured. I was still reeling over the incident. The most excitement I’d ever had, and it wasn’t a good kind. Today had literally ended with a bang.

* * *

After my shift, there were only a few cars in the parking lot, and no one in sight. I headed to my car, hitting the alarm. Before I could get the door open someone grabbed me from behind. I struggled against him, and fought with all my might, but he dragged me into the side alley.
Another person charged from the side, and then something hit me in the head. I fell to the ground, touching my throbbing wound. It was dark with only the side light from the building, so I couldn’t see the blood clearly. But I could feel the liquid stickiness on my fingers. Squinting in the dim light, I strained to see my attackers. They appeared to be males with short hair and broad body frames. I couldn’t see any facial features. Their faces were blurry.
“Leave me alone!”
One man’s response was a kick to my stomach. I gasped, cringing in pain. Why was this happening to me? I had been told that burglaries and assault hardly ever happened on this side of town. My rotten luck was going to make the crime rate sky rocket. Taking a deep breath, I gathered my courage, and tried to get up. One of the men pushed me back down. I noticed an object in his hand, the silver color bounced off of the light. It was a knife. I had to find a way out of this. Heat pulsed through my body as I glared into his eyes. Fear consumed me with the black depths of them, dark as midnight. The other man held me down. I fought to get out of his grasp. It didn’t do any damn good. The one with the blade leaned closer to me. Even without a mask on, I still couldn’t make out his facial features. Wth? He was faceless. A sharp pain pierced my neck. He’d thrust the blade against it.
Tears sprang into my eyes. “Please stop! Why are you doing this?”
He snorted. “Because the greater good has preordained it.”
Before I could contemplate his strange explanation he slit the knife against my throat.


Chapter 2


I jolted awake in bed, frantically grabbing my neck. It was just a dream. A freaking horrible nightmare that seemed so real. My breathing was erratic and my heart was hammering inside of my chest. I tried to gather my bearings, but my mind was scattered. I was in my bedroom and safe. My head was fine, too. I always had vivid dreams, but never one where I’d almost lost my life. I turned the light on—seeing my room made me feel better. I got up, checking the windows to make sure they were locked. Next, I opened my door and scanned the hall. Everything seemed sound. People had nightmares all the time. It was silly to still feel paranoid, but I didn’t want to go back to sleep. There might be a part two of that horrific nightmare. It was only a few hours until my alarm went off so I watched TV instead.
By the time daylight hit, I laughed at my overreaction. The dream was out of my mind now. I was ready for school in record time, not willing to admit to myself why I was in such a hurry.

* * *

It was Friday—a three-day weekend for Labor Day. In fifth period we made idle chitchat. I realized Jason would talk as long as the conversation revolved around me. I didn’t push and ask him personal questions, even though I was dying to know more about him. I couldn’t decide if he was flirting with me or just being friendly.
“What are you doing for Labor Day weekend?” Jason asked.
“Nothing much. I’m working tonight and Saturday. I’m going to church on Sunday.”
“What church do you attend?”
“St. Peter’s off of Richmond. Do you know it?”
“Yes. I attend there, too.”
“That’s great. I’m sure I’ll bump into you there from time to time.”
“I hope so.”
Okay, that was a definite flirt line. What was he waiting for? “Do you have any weekend plans?”
“Nah, not really.”
“Do you have a job?” That seemed like a safe enough question.
“Not at the moment.” Jason changed the subject. “How old are you?”
“I’m seventeen, and you?”
“I just turned eighteen.”
The bell rang for class to begin. I really wasn’t paying attention—more like daydreaming. We glanced at each other throughout the period. I wondered if I should just ask for his number. But it was supposed to be the guy who made the first move, right? The period ended, and I remained seated.
“I hope you have a great weekend.”
“You, too,” I responded. He smiled shyly, and then left class. Blowing out my breath, I didn’t know what to think. Our friendship was confusing. The homecoming dance was at the beginning of October. I still had time to work on Jason. I wanted to go with him. I would just continue to make small talk and see what came of it.

* * *

On Sunday afternoon, my mom and I were preparing dinner. This was my favorite part of Sundays. We always had a big dinner. My dad walked into the kitchen.
“It smells great, ladies,” he said, kissing my cheek.
“Cheers, Dad.” I looked like my father. I had his blond, wavy hair and his facial features. I’d inherited my mother’s light-green eyes, but that was about all. We sat down to the table to eat.
“How do you like your new school?” my father asked.
“I like it.”
“Are you making friends, honey?” my mom asked.
“Yep, I’ve made a few.”
“That’s good, sweetie. I know it’s hard,” she replied.
“I miss home, but it’s nice here.”
“I’m glad things are working out,” my father said.
My body felt tingly, knowing good and well the reason that Colorado was becoming so appearing.

* * *

A few weeks had passed, and I was getting into the routine of things. I attended the drama club after school when we had practice. Acting was a part of who I was. I was super thrilled when I landed the lead in the school Christmas play.
I could now say that Jason and I were good friends. We talked all the time in class as well as when we saw each other in school. He still hadn’t made any attempt to ask me out, but I never saw him talking to other girls like he did with me. He gave new meaning to the phrase “taking things slow.” Today in fifth period I told him about getting the lead role.
“Congrats! It doesn’t surprise me, though. Anyone can see that you are very talented.”
“Thank you.” I decided I had to say something. “Are you going to the homecoming dance?”
“Probably. My sister and brother are going, so I might tag along. Are you going?”
“I plan to go. Are you going to the game on Thursday?”
“I’m not sure.”
The bell rang for the next period. Jason usually got up first—he would wait for me, and walk me to the door. He hadn’t moved. Turning toward him, I saw him staring. “Is everything okay?” I asked.
“So, I’ll see you there, right?”
“See me where?”
“The dance. You said you were going.”
“Yep, I’m going.”
“Okay, then. I’ll meet you there.”
Nodding, I met his smile, hoping we were finally going to cross over the friendship zone.

* * *

The homecoming dance was tonight and my nerves were in a frenzy. My dress was emerald green with spaghetti straps. It fit tightly around my bust and waist. It flared out, flowing to my feet. I had my high-heels dyed to match. It wasn’t hard to guess where I got the inspiration for my color scheme. It was the color of my dream man’s eyes. We weren’t officially on a date, but he did say that he would meet me there. Jason definitely believed in not rushing things. It had been six weeks and we still hadn’t even exchanged numbers.
My mom did a great job on my hair. Half of it was pinned up with curls dangling on the side of my face. The other half she’d curled and left hanging down my back. It was a lot of work to get the waves out of my hair. My father was sitting on the couch when I came downstairs.
“You look lovely, sweetie,” he said.
“Thank you.”
“Who’s the lucky guy?”
“I don’t have an official date, but I’m meeting a friend at the dance.”
“What’s his name?”
“Cliff, that’s enough,” my mom interrupted.
“I’m just making conversation.” He shrugged, innocently.
My mom shook her head. “You do look pretty, dear,” she said, touching my face.
“Cheers, Mom. I better get going. I need to pick up Ebony.”
“All right, have fun,” Mom said.
I grabbed my keys, going over to kiss my dad on the cheek.
“Have a nice time, sweetie.”
I hadn’t pulled to a complete stop in Ebony’s driveway before she was already out the door. Her dress was pretty—sapphire. It matched her eyes, and was a similar style to mine. She jumped into the car, talking a hundred miles an hour.
“Who do you think will win homecoming queen?” she asked.
“I’m not sure. Who do you think?”
“Probably Harmony. After all, she’s one of the prettiest and most popular girls in the school.”
“I agree.”
“I’m not sure about homecoming king. The Alan guys are the hottest, but not the most popular.”
“Yep, it could be a number of guys who could win king.”
We arrived at the school dance, which was being held in the gym. It was spectacular, completely transformed. The gym was dazzled up with flowers and lights. Our school colors of black and gold were displayed on several different decorative pieces. It was crowded, and the music they were playing rocked. I mingled with Ebony and a few other friends.
I was beginning to think he wasn’t going to show, and then I spotted them. Harmony looked fabulous in her violet dress. Jason was mouthwatering, wearing gray slacks and a black dress shirt. I wondered if he would approach me. I assumed he would since he asked to meet me here.         
       Jason glanced my way, smiled, and waved. Why was my heart beating so fast? I waved back, and then continued to chat with my friends. I wanted to go over and talk with him, but I didn’t want to seem desperate. Liz was rambling on about something. My attention had flown out the door. A slow song started and couples gathered on the dance floor. I really liked the song “Breathe Me” by Sia. Scott came up to Ebony and asked her to dance. Randal approached Liz, and they were off, too.
“Excuse me,” a deep voice said.
I froze in place, and then turned around to see Jason. “Hi!” I could feel the huge smile light up my face.
      “I was wondering if you would like to dance.”
I wanted to tell him that I’d been dying for him to ask me all night. “I’d love to,” I said instead. On the dance floor, he put his hands around my waist, pulling me close. Oh, he smelled good. We moved slowly to the music.
“You look really nice tonight,” Jason complimented.
“Thanks. You do, too.”
“Are you enjoying yourself?”
“I am now.” He beamed. “What about you?”
“I’m having a good time, also.”
“I was wondering if you were going to show.”
“Yeah, we were running late, thanks to Harmony.”
“Girls.”
He chuckled. “You’re really funny.”
“I’ve been told that before.”
“Maybe we can go somewhere and talk.”
“That would be nice.”
“There’s this place I like to go, right outside of Central Park.”
“Okay, when do you want to leave?”
“Whenever you want to.”
He could really slow drag. It was kind of hard to think with him holding me so close. The song came to an end and another slow song started: “When I See You” by Miley Cyrus, another favorite. I wrapped my arm more tightly around his neck.
“I love this song,” I said.
“It’s nice.”
“Jason, how come you’re not with anyone?” I couldn’t take it anymore. I had to ask.
“I don’t think the right person has come along.”
“Well, I’m sure you’ve had hundreds of girlfriends.”
“I suppose … But I’m not certain.”
What a strange answer.
“I’m sure you’ve had plenty of boyfriends?”
“A few, but nothing serious. I’ve always been very busy in school functions and the drama club. So relationships were further down the list. Any serious relationships for you?”
“Let’s talk about it at the park, okay.”
“All right.” The song ended.
“Do you want me to drive?”
“I drove my car. Let me see if Ebony can hitch a ride.”
“Okay, and I’ll let my siblings take the car home. Can you give me a ride afterward?”
“Of course.”
I went to find Ebony. My fingers were crossed that she could get a ride. I’d never been so excited about going to talk with someone, but Jason was so mysterious. I was dying to unlock his secrets. Every time I asked him personal questions, he would give me strange answers or change the subject completely.
“Hey, Ebony.” I found her talking with Scott in the corner by the DJ.
“What up, Mel?”
“Do you mind getting a ride? I’m going to hang out with Jason.”
“Really?” She beamed. “Well sure, in that case I can get a ride.”
“I’ll bring you home, Ebony,” Scott said, grabbing her waist. She didn’t seem to mind.
“See? Scott will bring me home. I have a ride already.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah, have fun. Call me first thing in the morning. I want all the details.”
“Will do.”
I met Jason back by the punch bowl. “Everything is all set. Ebony is getting a ride home.”
We made our way to the parking lot. He gave me directions, and I turned on the radio. We both sang along to songs on the way there. I couldn’t believe my ears. Jason’s voice was phenomenal.
“Jason, you have a great voice.”
“Thank you.”
“You should try out for American Idol. Your voice is so unique. You could definitely win.” He blushed. I drove about a mile past the park.
“You can park here.” We got out, and he walked slowly ahead of me. “Look there,” he pointed. We were high up, and you could see the city over the cliff.
“This is amazing.” I admired the view. “How did you find this place?”
“I just stumbled upon it one day.” He took a seat on a nearby bench. I sat next to him. We were quiet for a moment, then he took a deep breath. “Melanie, are you with anyone?”
This was a surprise. “You sound like your brother now.”
“I’m sorry if I am being too abrupt.”
“It’s fine. That was just my attempt at a joke. No, I’m not seeing anyone. Why? Are you interested?”
“Yes, I am.” I wasn’t expecting that response, either. “Well, I was wondering because you told my brother that you were interested in someone else.”
“Yep, I did, and that person is you.”
He bit his lip. “Good. We have the same interest.”
I loved his dialect and how he phrased his sentences. It was like he was from another world. “Where are you from, Jason? You don’t talk like the typical American?”
“Good question.”
Okay, another bizarre answer. I raised my eyebrows. “I’m afraid I don’t understand.”
“I know I’ve been giving some weird responses, but the truth is, I don’t remember.”
“You don’t remember? So you have amnesia.”
“Yes, I do. What’s even stranger is that my brother and sister do, also.”
“Do you remember anything from your childhood?”
“No.… I can only recall the last two years of my life. We were found in May of 2011, lost in Convey Valley.” He shifted in his seat. “We all woke up lying on the rugged terrain—kind of like we were thrown from a wreck.”
The way they woke up in the middle of nowhere with no recollection of how they’d gotten there was freaky. “Do you think someone could have left you there?”
Jason raked a hand through his hair. “I wish I could remember. It drives me crazy that I can’t.”
“I’m sorry,” I said, touching his hand.
“It’s all right. I know it’s weird. It’s hard not knowing who my real parents are. Not knowing where I was born, or what my real name even is.”
“I can’t imagine how difficult it is for you.”
“We’re just thankful we have good foster parents. They have been kind to us.”
“I guess it’s obvious that you’re siblings because you guys look so much alike.”
“Yeah, and I don’t know how, but we know in our hearts that we’re brothers and sisters.”
“How do all three of you have amnesia? It seems like more than a coincidence.”
“We agree, but we don’t have any answers.”
“What about how you were found in the valley?”
“There was a police report done, but they didn’t give us many details. They placed us in foster care, and then we were taken in by our foster parents two months later.”
“How do you know you’re older than your siblings? You all look around the same age.”
“I am older. I can’t explain how I know that either. I told social services I was older. They dealt with those facts. They gave us names and birthdays after we were placed in their care.”
“I never would have imagined you and your siblings were going through this. I’m sorry I asked you all those questions.”
“You have nothing to apologize for. This is beyond a normal situation.”
“How do you cope with it?”
“It’s hard. I just try to focus on the future. We may never get our memories back. We’ve spoken with a doctor, but it’s basically what he said. He also relayed that tremendous trauma could make you lose your memory. The brain has a way of protecting itself. He just told us to try to focus on the present. Easier said than done.”
“How are your brother and sister handling it?”
“About the same as me—frustrated.”
He grabbed my hand, and I intertwined it with his. His hands were so soft. He laughed without humor. “What is it?”
“I’ve never told anyone about this, ever.”
“Why are you telling me?”
“I like you. I like you a lot, so I guess that’s why.”
My insides melted. “I like you, too, Jason.” I was glad he was sharing this and finally opening up to me.
“Where do you live?”
“In Oaks Fern subdivision.”
“That’s not far from me. We stay in the Forest Glen subdivision. My foster parents had just moved here from Georgia when they took us in.”
“I only moved here four months ago, so I’m not sure where that is.”
“I love your voice. Your accent is so attractive.”
My cheeks flamed scarlet. “You’re not like anyone else I’ve known, Jason. You are so different.”
“Is that a good thing?”
“It’s a great thing.”
“Do you think you will move back to Australia after you graduate, since you’ve spent your whole life there?”
“It’s a possibility.”
“Have you ever been in any serious relationships?”
“My longest relationship was six months.”
He frowned. I felt giddy. Jason was jealous! “He wanted to take things to the next level. I wasn’t in love with him, so I broke things off. I guess you wouldn’t know about your prior relationships, right?”
“True, but since I’ve lost my memory, you are the first woman I’ve talked to like this. The first one I’ve had feelings for.”
“That’s nice to know. What time is it?”
He glanced at his watch. “It’s midnight. Do you need to leave?”
“We can stay a little longer.”
“What are your plans after you graduate?”
“I plan on majoring in theater. I would like to perform in live plays.”
“Sounds interesting.”
“What are your plans for college?”
“I’m not sure yet. I have a few months to think about it.”
“True, it’s only October.”
“I would like to see you again, Melanie.”
“That can be arranged.”
“May I have your number so we can talk?”
Finally! “Of course you can. We better head back. I need to take you home first.”
“I hate to leave,” he sighed. “It’s been nice having someone to talk to besides my siblings.”
“I’ve enjoyed talking to you, too.”
Jason gave me directions to his house on the way back. I loved the smell of his cologne, which was lingering in the car. He wanted me to park farther down from his house so he could sneak in. It was now 2 am. I was going to have to sneak inside myself.
“I’ll call you tomorrow,” he said, getting out of the car.
“I look forward to hearing from you.”
Jason was definitely different. We’d sat out there tonight talking for hours, and he didn’t even try to kiss me. Most guys would have had tried to put their hands up my dress, which I wouldn’t have been down for. But the visual image of Jason’s hands roaming over my body made me shiver. He wanted to take things slow. I couldn’t blame him, considering all he’d been through. He must trust and feel a connection with me, if I was the only person he’d shared his secret with. We were growing closer, and I couldn’t wait to see where this path took us.


Chapter 3


I awoke the next morning thinking about last night. Jason’s mystery was shocking. I would have never guessed he had amnesia. It had to be confusing and mind-boggling. Not being able to remember who his real parents were, his real name, or age. This was really deep, but yet he’d opened up and told me his secret. I felt warmth radiating inside of my body. I couldn’t help but feel special. I would take things at his pace—let him take the next step if he wanted our friendship to go further.
My mind kept drifting back to Jason all morning as I did my chores. I was so deep in thought I didn’t hear my cell ring.
“Hello,” I said, breathless, after running to get it.
“Hi, how are you?”
I blushed. I wasn’t sure he would call. “I’m good. How ya doin’?”
“I’m fine. How has your day been?”
“Boring, I’m doing chores before my shift starts.”
“Sounds fun.”
“Oh, it’s a blast.”
He laughed. “I love talking to you. You’re a hoot, and I forget about my troubles.”
Aw, how sweet. “I like talking to you, also.” Our personalities clicked. It was easy to talk to him. Before I knew it, we had been on the phone for an hour.
“Jason, I’d better get ready for work.”
“All right. Can you call me when you get home?”
“It will be late.”
“I’ll be up.”

Ebony was waiting to grill me before I even got in the door. I shook my head, smiling. I’d been expecting her to give me the third degree.
“So how did it go with Jason last night?”
“It went well.”
“Did he kiss you?”
Gosh, she didn’t waste time. “Nup, not yet. We talked and got to know one another. How did it go with Scott?” I wanted to change the subject before she started asking questions about Jason’s personal life.
“He’s nice enough. We’ll see what happens.”
“It’s starting to get busy. We better head to our tables,” I suggested.
“Okay, but don’t think you’re getting out of this. I’m not done asking you about Jason.”
I’m sure you’re not, I thought, smirking at her.
It was busy, so my shift went by quickly. Jason had texted after 10:00 p.m. and asked: How’s work? I texted him back and said, I would call him shortly. We ended up talking into the wee hours of the night. He wanted to know everything about me, although I don’t know how that was interesting. Jason surprisingly shared with me about the last two years of his life with his foster parents. I told him that he didn’t have to talk about it, but he said it was nice to finally have someone besides his family to talk with. It made me sad to know it was all he could remember. I longed to comfort him, but I was sure he didn’t want my pity. Instead, I offered him words of encouragement.

On Sunday, we chatted late into the night again. Past midnight, I yawned, barely able to keep my eyes open.
“I better not keep you up any longer,” he chuckled. “I don’t want to be responsible for you sleeping in class.”
“I don’t want you falling asleep, either.”
“I’m good. I’ve found that I only need around four hours of sleep, and I’m full of energy the next day. I never sleep more than five hours on any given day.”
“Hey, that’s not fair. I need at least seven hours of sleep to function the next day. I wish I had your stamina. Only four hours of sleep, huh? And you’re still graduating top of your class. What’s your trick? You have to be hiding something.” I asked, playfully.
“Nothing I can remember.”
My stomach took a nosedive. I’d meant for the comment to be a joke. “Oh, I’m sorry.”
“You have nothing to be sorry for. I love your lighthearted nature. Look, I was wondering…” he said, contemplating.
“Yes?” I replied, encouraging him.
“You’re off tomorrow, right?”
“Yep, I am.”
“I … was wondering if maybe you wanted to hang out after school.”
Hell yeah! I needed to calm down. I was acting like a guy. “Sure, that would be nice. Do you want to come over? My parents work late. We can watch TV if you like.” I wanted to have him all to myself. I held my breath, waiting for his answer.
“Yeah, great. I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Definitely.”

* * *

Monday morning I was at my locker before first period. Disappointment filled me that I didn’t see Jason in the cafeteria, and then he came up behind me—his fragrance was mouthwatering.
“Good morning. Sorry I wasn’t in the cafeteria. My sister made us late as usual, perfecting her beauty,” he said, rolling his eyes.
“No worries, I understand, trust me. Your sister is just the typical teenage girl.”
He chuckled. “Are you always this funny?”
“I’m not sure. This is just me. I normally say what’s on my mind. I know when to shut up, though.”
“Don’t lose that quality. It’s priceless.”
I swooned. What a charmer. I gazed up into his emerald eyes. He was wearing a green polo shirt, which matched them perfectly. He always made me flustered. I wondered if he knew the effect he had on me.
“Are we still on for after school?”
Was he kidding? “Yep.”
He gave me a heartfelt smile. “Come on, let’s get to class.”
It was hard to concentrate in any of my classes thinking about Jason coming over after school. Would we just talk? Would he try to kiss me? The thought of his lips on mine had me winded and breathing heavily. Fifth period was even harder with him sitting next to me. I couldn’t help but stare at his perfectly shaped lips. I was counting the minutes until I could spend some private time with him.
Finally school ended, and Jason walked me to my locker. “See you in a bit. I’ll be straight over after I drop my brother and sister at home.”
I dashed to Ebony’s locker. Scott was chatting with her. “Hey, guys.”
“Hi,” they both replied. Scott leaned over, whispered something into her ear, and she giggled.
“Ebony, are you ready?” I asked, shifting my weight.
“Geez, someone’s in a hurry today,” Ebony said.
“Actually, I am. I have an important date, remember?”
“Oh, yeah, right.” She grinned from ear to ear. “Walk me to the parking lot, Scott.”
I waited inside the car while Scott continued to make Ebony laugh. This guy must be a comedian. She finally told him good-bye and got in.
“What time is Jason coming over?” Ebony was almost bouncing outta her skin with excitement.
“In a bit.”
“Are you nervous since this is the first time you guys will be alone together?”
“A little. I’m not sure what to expect, but I’m comfortable around him—besides the fact he makes me want to jump his bones.”
She snickered. “I bet. Once he leaves, you better call me with all the details.”
“I will. So you and Scott, huh? He must really be funny. You’re always laughing around him.”
“He’s a hoot.”
“He seems into you.”
“Yeah, I like him, too. What’s Jason like?”
“He’s more of a serious person than one who tells jokes, but he’s always laughing at me. He says I’m funny. He talks a lot, which is great because I do, also. So we get along really well.”
“Interesting, I never would have pegged him for a talker. Has he been in any serious relationships?”
I couldn’t tell her about his amnesia. I promised to keep it a secret. He didn’t even remember if he had been in a relationship before or not. Even though he had no memory of it, the thought of him with someone else pissed me off. There was always a chance he could get his memory back, or bits and pieces. It had to be horrible not being able to remember anything. I hoped he did get his memory back, I just prayed things wouldn’t change if he did.
“He hasn’t had any serious relationships lately,” was the best answer I could come up with.
“Well, he’s definitely into you.”
“The feeling is mutual, but I’m not worried about his past. I’m his new future,” I replied, pulling into her driveway.
“Wow, that’s deep. I like it. Have fun,” she said, getting out of the car.
Once I got home I freshened up and changed shirts. I brushed my hair, splashed on perfume, and then the doorbell rang, making me jump. I took a deep breath to calm myself. Jason waited on my doorstep, looking like he stepped out of GQ magazine.
“I’m a little early. I hope it’s okay.”
“It’s fine. Please come in.”
“You have a nice home.”
“Thanks. We can watch television in the family room.” I lead the way. He took a seat on the couch.
“Would you like to watch a movie?”
“Sure, you can pick one out. I’ll make us some popcorn.” I went into the kitchen to get started. A few minutes later, he joined me.
“Let me help you.”
He was the politest guy I’d ever met. “There are sodas in the refrigerator, if you want to get us two.” He grabbed us two sodas, I got the bowl of popcorn, and then we went into the family room.
“What kind of movie are you in the mood for?”
“Whatever you pick since you’re the guest.” He handed me the Night of the Living Dead DVD. “You like horror?” I asked, raising my eyebrows.
“Yeah, do you?”
“It’s not my favorite.”
“You can hold onto me if you get scared.”
“I might take you up on your offer.”
I put the movie on, and we sat on the sofa, eating popcorn. Ew, this movie was gory, but Jason seemed to be enjoying it. I had never seen it before. It was from my father’s collection.
“Can we get more comfortable?”
“Sure,” I replied.
Jason took his shoes off, and then he pulled me to him, so I was lying on his chest. His natural scent was a combination of almonds and vanilla. It was breathtaking. My heart was pounding inside my chest, being this close to him. I wondered if he could hear it.
“Is this okay?”
“Yep, it’s great.”
“And your parents won’t be home until tonight?”
“Nup, I double-checked.”
He smiled and continued to watch the movie. I couldn’t focus on the movie now. It felt good in his arms. I hoped he kissed me soon or I might self-combust. The anticipation was driving me crazy. We lay comfortably for a while. I was so deep in thought I didn’t realize I’d drifted off to sleep.
Sometime later I awoke, disorientated. The TV was black, and it was dark outside. I felt Jason stirring. We were still lying in the same position with me positioned against his chest. He had fallen asleep, also. He opened his eyes, giving me a seductive stare. Before I could think of what to say, Jason grabbed my face with his hands, and then he glued his lips to mine. There was a God! His lips were as soft as cotton. The kiss was tender at first. Taking it to the next level, Jason parted my mouth with his tongue, kissing me more passionately. And I thought he was shy! I changed my mind. He must have been waiting for the right moment.
He groaned, rubbing his hand along my back. I had kissed several guys before, but they were all amateurs compared to the way Jason was gliding his lips against mine. As our tongues rotated against one another I tasted a cool liquid substance that was sweeter than watermelon. Did he have gum or candy in his mouth? A few seconds later, I felt light-headed. Then, as if an electrified energy had ignited inside of me, my body became a live wire. I moaned and knotted my hands in his hair, deepening the kiss. I’d never been drunk before, maybe a little tipsy from wine at holidays, but this sensation I was feeling didn’t feel like those times. It was more powerful, and I felt out of control. Tasting more of the cool watermelon substance from his tongue, my sensations heightened. I pressed my body tighter against him and moved my hand down, caressing his lithe chest. My inappropriate behavior only encouraged him because he slowly began to move me between his legs. I could feel his passion throbbing against me. How far was I willing to let this go? I honestly didn’t care. This power raging inside of me was commanding and pushed me forward. It was as if his tongue were an aphrodisiac, giving off endorphins. He finally pulled back. I was relieved he stopped because for a minute, it didn’t seem like we were going to. What had gotten into me? That was some first kiss. How could a first kiss get so steamy?
“Melanie,” Jason exclaimed, breathing heavily. “We better stop before things get out of hand.”
Did my aggressive behavior offend him? “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be. I’ve been wanting to kiss you. I couldn’t wait any longer, but I didn’t want you to think I was going too far.”
“I wanted to kiss you, too.” He sighed and bit his lip. “Did you have breath freshener or candy in your mouth when we were kissing?”
“No, why? Did I need some?” His cheeks flushed.
“Your mouth tasted fantastic! That’s why I was asking.” Ugh! I couldn’t believe I’d just said that out loud. My checks were growing redder by the second.
A huge grin spread across his face. “Your mouth tasted good, also. It’s obvious we have great chemistry together.”
I blushed more. This conversation was direct, causing me to look away.
“So you said you weren’t seeing anyone, but would you like to start?”
I loved the way he phrased his sentences. “I would like it very much if I could see you.”
“All right … but you will have to bear with me because this is all new. I don’t remember if I even had a girlfriend before.”
“Oh, you definitely have. Just look at you!”
“What do you mean?”
“I’m sure you know how good-looking you are. You’ve had plenty of experience, too. I’ve never been kissed like that before.”
Jason gently touched my cheek, caressing it with his thumb. “Melanie, you’re gorgeous. That wasn’t your first kiss, either. I can’t remember my past, but my feelings for you are unnerving.”
He thought I was gorgeous. This delighted me. “Would you like dinner?” I asked, changing the subject. “We have left over meat loaf and potatoes.”
“Sure, it sounds delicious.”
We went into the kitchen. I prepared our plates and we sat down to eat.
“I had a good time today,” Jason said.
“Me, too.”
“Are you off on the weekend? I would like to take you on a date.”
“I’m off on Sundays, but I can get off on a Friday or Saturday. They are really flexible.”
“It’s a date, then.”
“Just let me know when.” I glanced at the time.
“Will your parents be home soon?”
“Yeah, my dad will probably be home shortly.”
“I better get going then.” I walked him to the door, sad he had to leave. “Call me before you go to bed.”
“I will.” He hugged me, then kissed me softly on the lips. I trembled.
“We better keep it simple this time. I would hate for your father to walk in on us.” He grinned, bashfully.
“Yep, that would be a disaster.” I stood on my tiptoes, kissing him. We held the kiss longer, but he was right. I could see it happening again. It would totally be my fault since I seemed to have a hard time controlling myself around him. I’d manhandled him on the sofa, I thought, feeling embarrassed.
My cell was ringing before he got out the door. “Hello?” I answered.
“I told you to call me as soon as he left,” Ebony chastised.
“He just left.”
“Well, what happened for crying out loud?”
“We watched a movie and fell asleep. After we woke up, things got really out of hand.”
She giggled. “How carried away did you get?”
“We made out on the couch full throttle: hands, tongues, and mouth.”
“Oh, wow! At this rate you won’t be a virgin for long. It must have been intense for a first kiss to go so far.”
“It was. I can’t believe myself. I was the aggressor.” I’d always had better control, but I had never wanted someone so badly. Now I understood how people had sex so easily. I wanted to ask her about the substance I’d tasted while we kissed that seemed to fuel my desire, but I wasn’t that naïve. It couldn’t be possible. Maybe I had imagined it.
“Do you think he is the one?”
“Maybe, I’ve never felt this way before.”
“This is rich.”
“I better get my homework done. It’s late. I’ll see ya tomorrow at school.”
“Sweet,” she replied, hanging up.
Later that night, after bidding Jason good night on the phone, I lay in bed. We had taken things a step further and were now in an official relationship. I couldn’t wait to see him tomorrow. I still hadn’t cooled off from earlier. Even though I let cold water run over my body when I’d first gotten in the shower, I still felt warm inside. I was going to have to be careful around him. I wanted my first time to be with someone I loved, but hated to admit I was almost there.

* * *

Ebony and I arrived at school early the next day. I was excited, and on edge at the same time. We went into the cafeteria, but I didn’t see Jason. A few minutes later, he and his siblings arrived. Jason approached me.
“Good morning,” he said with a radiant smile.
“Hey, how ya doin’?” Jason surprised me by pulling me against him, and then he gave me a soft kiss.
“Ow,” Ebony whispered in my ear. “I thought he was shy. Everyone is staring, and the girls are shooting you evil daggers. I love it.”
“I wasn’t expecting that,” I said to Jason, ignoring Ebony.
“Well, get used to it.”
“There’s Scott. I’ll talk with you later, Mel. You two don’t get into any trouble.” She winked.
Jason grabbed my hand, and I felt like I had won the lottery. Several girls were giving me dirty looks. I was giddy Jason was letting them know that he belonged to me.
“Let’s go to the courtyard,” he suggested. There weren’t a lot of people in the courtyard. “You look nice today, Mel.”
I liked how he used my nickname. He had on a black T-shirt and jeans, but even a simple outfit looked great on him. “Thanks, you do, too. We will be the talk of the school today.”
His brow furrowed. “Does it bother you?”
“Nup, I’m glad. Now all the girls can stop flirting with you,” I said playfully.
“They don’t flirt with me.”
“Please, yeah they do. Maybe because you’re so polite, you don’t notice. But most of the girls actually throw themselves at you.”
“I guess I don’t notice. I only have my eye on you.”
Good grief, he was so damn charming. If he kept this up, I would have to find a chastity belt to keep my undies on. We chatted a little longer, and then it was time for first period.
“I will walk you to your locker,” he said.
I gathered my books, ready to head to class. “I’ll meet you after first period, and we can walk to the annex together.”
“Sounds good.”
I stood on my tiptoes, wrapping my arms around him. He hugged me tightly and moaned. Yep, I was in trouble.

* * *

At my locker before third period, I spotted Ebony and Scott coming out of a room. Jason came up to me before I could ponder on it.
“What’s up?” he asked. “You look deep in thought.”
“Do you know what the room over there is used for?” I asked, pointing. His face reddened. “It’s called the conference room. It’s an old janitor’s closet. They don’t use any more, except for storage. Now it’s used for … you know.”
“Oh … to make out.”
“Yeah,” he replied with a crooked grin.
“Interesting.” I didn’t say it out loud, but I wouldn’t mind trying the closet out. He grabbed my hand and we went to our next class. My mind was left behind thinking about the janitor’s closet.

* * *

Several weeks had passed, bringing in November. Our relationship had fallen into a routine. In the morning, we hung out before first period. We walked to a few classes, had fifth period together, and he’d escort me to my car after school if I didn’t have drama practice.
One Monday, I was on my way to his house for a calculus tutorial. Jason was great at the subject—he didn’t even have to study. But he didn’t study for any of his classes, which I found strange since he was going to be the valedictorian. I was so envious. Jason said he would tutor me anytime because I’d told him it was his fault I was falling behind. I hardly pay attention in class because we talked discreetly the entire period. We used to text back and forth, but he’d gotten caught one time, and the teacher took his phone away. Now we talked the old-fashioned way, by passing notes to each other. Yeah, I had it bad.
I needed to get a better understanding of the topic we were on, so I could pass my test. Although, I wondered how much studying we could get done being alone together. We couldn’t seem to keep our hands off of each other.
I thought it would be better to study in the den, but Jason insisted we go to his room. I’d been to his house a couple of times, but this was the first time I had been in his bedroom. His walls were a midnight blue. The dark tone was soothing. He had tons of race car posters of NASCAR racer Jimmie Johnson and Dale Earnhardt; also Dario Franchitti of the Indy 500. His desk and shelf’s were full of race car memorabilia.
“Wow, I didn’t know you were this much into race cars.”
“Yeah, my brother and I love car racing. He’s even more obsessed than me.”
“I can’t imagine that.”
“Let’s get started.”
“Do you really think we’re going to get any studying done?”
His expression was devious. “Yeah, we are. You’re already blaming me for distracting you. I want you to pass, so I’ll behave. But if you get it down quickly, we may have time to play.”
I gaped at him. He burst into hysterics. We laid our books across the bed, and Jason started going over the material. True to his word, it was all business. We gave each other lustful stares, but both refrained from engaging on our thoughts. He was a very good tutor. I understood him better than I did Ms. Jones. I glanced at him sprawled across the bed. Jason moved his leg to change positions and ran his hand through his wild, chestnut-brown hair. The way he moved was the sexiest thing I’d ever seen. My breathing hitched. He smiled at me, and I almost pushed the books off of the bed, but somehow managed to stop myself.
Okay, what was that equation again? I needed to take a break and get something to drink before we started studying anatomy.
“I’m thirsty.” I cleared my throat.
“I’ll go downstairs and get you a drink.”
“No, you always wait on me hand and foot. I know where your refrigerator is. I will get us a drink.”
“Cool, just grab me anything. I’ll check these equations you did.”
I went downstairs and Harmony was in the kitchen. She was doing the dishes, loading them into the dishwasher. Harmony had earplugs on, listening to her MP3 player, so she hadn’t notice me. I was about to make my presence known when the strangest thing happened. There was a pile of dishes on the counter, a few feet away. She glanced at them, then turned her head and placed another dish into the dishwasher. Simultaneously, the pile of dishes actually moved from the spot they were at, over to the sink. My mouth fell open, and I gasped. That could not have happened. Clearly, I needed to make an appointment to see the optometrist. Harmony glanced at the pile of dishes. She jumped and shrieked, covering her mouth. She looked just as surprised as I was that they had moved.
“What the hell!” She stared in disbelief, pulling the earplugs from her ear. Harmony’s forehead knitted, stumped for a moment. Eventually, she continued with the dishes. I eased out of the kitchen, so she wouldn’t see me. I was flabbergasted and didn’t know what to think.
Jason was still checking my work when I returned to his room. “You got them all right. Great job!” He saw my expression. “Mel, what’s wrong? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
I felt like I had. What could I tell him? I saw a pile of plates move across the counter when no one had even touched them. That sounded like I needed to be committed to the nuthouse.
“Nothing.” I stared at the floor.
“You didn’t even get us anything to drink. Tell me what’s wrong?”
I plopped on the bed. Jason was very persistent—he was going to keep pushing. Maybe they had a spirit that dwelled in the house—someone who had passed, but was still lingering for some reason. I’d heard of that occurring before. That was the most logical explanation, or I could’ve imagined it entirely. It seemed silly to bring up. I dove into character—a talent I was good at.
“I went to the bathroom first and realized I was hungry, too. I wanted to see if you wanted a snack while I was downstairs,” I replied, smiling.
His brow furrowed, wondering if I was telling the truth. “Are you sure that’s all?”
“Yes.” Leaning in, I captured his lips. Jason groaned, kissing me for a second, then he pulled back.
“Hey, we’re supposed to be studying,” he said, playfully chastising me. I was glad my distraction worked. “Let’s both go downstairs and get something to eat. Then we can study more if you want.”
I wanted to pretend nothing had occurred, which it probably didn’t. Some secrets were best kept locked.


Chapter 4


Thanksgiving break was over, and Jason had come by my house for another study session. There hadn’t been any more weird occurrences at his house, but we’d decided to study here today. Jason had fallen asleep on the sofa. He looked so peaceful. As I went into the kitchen, I heard him talking. I thought he’d woken up, but when I glanced into the family room, he was still asleep. Interesting. I didn’t know Jason talked in his sleep. I couldn’t help but smile. After I grabbed a bottle of water, I sat next to him. He continued to mumble. What started as a peaceful slumber, morphed into a disturbing nightmare as Jason began to stir.
“Kadan … Hit the autopilot before we are lost.”
What was he talking about? It sounded like a bunch of mumbo jumbo. Jason jerked and flinched, but didn’t wake up.
“What do you mean?” he yelled.
I jumped, startled by the elevation of his voice.
“My mother! She’s been in an accident.”
His face scrunched in pain. I wanted to wake him, but it was obvious that he was having a dream from his past. Did something happen to his mother? Maybe this was an important key to the puzzle. Jason began speaking in a language I couldn’t understand.
“Ana la Aliko bik, Layomkin an amour. Mada hassal? Ayna Jassadouha? Yomekin Ehyaoha. Li Mada AlJamiaa hader? Arirni!”
I had been studying different foreign languages since middle school and the closest dialect to this language sounded similar to Arabic. Yet, the way it flowed was very different. His expression was one of terror. Memory retrieval or not, I couldn’t stand to see him hurting anymore. I shook his shoulder. “Jason, wake up!”
He bolted upright and squinted his eyes, clearly confused. “Mel?”
“Yes, I’m here. You were having a nightmare.” His brow knitted. “What happened in your dream? You said something about your mother.”
He pressed his hand against his forehead, then shook his head. “I don’t remember my mother. What did I say?”
“You said something happened to her, and you sounded scared. Try to remember.”
Jason closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. After a few seconds, he sighed. “My head hurts. I can’t remember anything that I just dreamed about.”
“Jason, there’s something else. You spoke in a different language.”
“What?”
“You spoke in another language. I’ve studied multiple foreign languages over the last six years, but I am not sure what language it was.”
“Another language. That’s news to me.”
“Has this ever happened before?”
“Yes … we all have dreams. They are vague. It’s mostly of different surroundings. I have never seen a person in my dreams before. From what you’re telling me, maybe I am and just can’t remember what I’ve dreamed.”
“It could be déjà vu.”
“Possibly. I definitely don’t know anything about another language. Ugh! This is so frustrating.” He rubbed his temples.
“Let me get you something for your headache. I’m sure it’s hard, but try to be patient. The mind is a complex structure. No one really understands how the concept of amnesia works. I feel in time you’ll remember at least some things from your past.” I wasn’t sure if that was a good thing, if his dream was any indication of what his past held. But Jason needed to find out facts from his past in order to have peace.
“Thank you.” He leaned down into my lap, wrapping his arms around my waist. I kissed the top of his forehead. “Mel, I’m really glad I met you. Being with you somehow makes going through this madness easier.”
“I’m glad I met you, too.”

* * *

The first week of December came in. The more I got to know Jason, the more mysterious his past seemed. But for reasons I couldn’t explain, it drew me closer to him. We hadn’t talked about his dream again. If Jason wanted to talk about it, then I knew he would. I wanted to focus on the present.
I was looking forward to the Christmas holidays, and it was crackdown time for the Christmas play. Jason normally came over on Monday and Thursdays, my days off. But he wasn’t able to last week because of drama practice. I’d worked over the weekend and didn’t get to see him then, either.
“I’ve missed you,” Jason said, coming behind me the following Monday morning. He pulled me to him, hugging me.
“I missed you, too. I had a long weekend between work and practice. I have practice again this evening.”
“Again! So I won’t get to see you after school?” he asked, poking his lips out.
His expression was adorable. “Practice won’t be over until seven p.m.”
He sighed. “Oh … okay.”
“I’m still free this Thursday after school.”
“That’s too long. Meet me in the conference room during fourth period, twenty minutes after class starts.”
“I’ve never skipped class before. How do I get out?”
He shrugged. “Just get a pass to go to the nurse.”
“Smooth. I should have thought of that myself.” I smirked “You’re a bad influence, Mr. Valedictorian.” He leaned down and gave me a quick, firm kiss. It made me tremble.
“It’s your fault. You’re so adorable I can’t help myself. See you in fourth.”
“Okay, but I hope we don’t get caught.”
“We won’t. Just make sure the coast is clear before you go inside.”
I was sweating bullets when fourth period started. Everyone met in the conference room, but it would be my luck to get caught. Twenty minutes had gone by—my cue to get a pass to the nurse. On edge, I walked up to my teacher’s desk. “Hi, Mr. Johnson. I’m not feeling well. I am dizzy. May I please have a pass to the nurse?”
“Sure, Melanie.”
He wrote the pass, and I damn near broke my neck getting to the janitor’s closet. There was no one in sight, so I crept inside. Jason was already there. He pranced from around the shelf.
“It’s about time. I thought you weren’t going to show.” He locked the door.
It felt weird to be in there with mops and buckets, but I soon forgot about them when Jason backed me against the wall. My heart started beating rapidly. Um, he smelled good. “What did you want to talk to me about?”
       “Talk?” Jason replied, massaging his lips against mine.
       I returned his kiss, running my hand through his soft hair. He groaned, lifted me up, and placed me onto the counter. I opened my legs so he could get closer. I could feel all of him rubbing against me. His hands were caressing my back. Turned out, I wasn’t lying after all, about needing a pass to the nurse. I was dizzy. His tongue moved in sync with mine, and once again I tasted the cool watermelon substance. I’d grown accustomed to this happening every time our tongues touched for more than a few seconds. I didn’t question him about it again, but knew it wasn’t the norm. I learned to just go with it. The sensations I felt drove me mad with passion, making it hard to control myself.
My desire spiked. I gave into the aphrodisiac as she escaped from her cage. Now my hands were everywhere. He followed suit. Our breathing increased as he glided kisses across my neck. I moaned. This was so heated I didn’t know how much longer I could stand it before I gave into sin. He rocked against me. My back hit the shelf, causing the contents to shake. The sound was the only thing that brought me back to reality.
“Uh, oh.” Jason gave me a lopsided grin.
I was winded as he stared intently into my eyes. We couldn’t keep this up, or it was going to the next level. Besides, I wanted to. There was no sense in denying that I loved him. Jason made me feel so special. I wanted to share myself with him. By doing this, somehow I knew we would be complete.
The bell rang for class to end. “Saved by the bell,” I said, sliding off of the counter. He chuckled. “What’s so funny?”
“You look like you’ve been in a fight. Your hair’s a mess.”
“Let me go and get myself together.” He tugged me in for another kiss. I grinded my body to him, then pulled away before things got out of hand again. “I’ll see you in fifth.”
I scurried to the bathroom. Ugh, I did look like I’d been in a tussle. My face was flushed, and my hair was a tangled mess.
“There you are,” I heard Ebony say as she entered the bathroom. “Ow, what happened to you?”
“The conference room.”
Her face lit up. “Well, well! Ms. Nerd skipped class to make out.”
“Shut it, Ebony. You have been in there, too.” I splashed water on my face, which really didn’t help. I still felt as hot as the Sahara desert on the inside.
“Busted, I have. But it seems like you enjoyed yourself way more than I did.”
“I really don’t know how much longer I can control myself around him. I’ve never felt like this. I didn’t know you could feel this way.”
“Aw, how sweet.”
I blushed. “I love him.” She screamed, hugging me. “I wish I knew if he felt the same way.”
“He does. It’s written all over his face.”
“Well, I need to get my books before I’m late to my next class.”
“Oh, now you’re worried about class?”
I rolled my eyes. “You are such a smart ass.”
“I know, but that’s why you love me so much. We better get going, though. If I’m late to my next class again, I’ll be written up,” she replied, scrunching her nose. “I swear that teacher is out to get me, old witch.”
I laughed as we rushed off to class.
In fifth period we didn’t get a chance to talk before class started. I felt shy around Jason for some reason. Maybe it was because I had admitted my feelings for him, or since I wanted to take things to the next level. He passed me a note. I opened it slowly.
Are you okay?
I can’t stop thinking about the conference room.
I gave the note to him. He read it and smiled. He wrote something else, passing it back.
Me, either. Do you want to meet again before Thursday?
Nup.
Why not?
Because the next time we are intimate, I don’t want to stop.
His cheeks flushed.
We can take things slow. I can wait until you’re ready. We don’t have to rush into anything.
Geez, I felt like the guy, initiating it. For some reason, which scared me to death, I didn’t feel like we had a lifetime together, but only now.
I’m ready, unless you want to wait. I understand.
You know I want you. I just want you to be sure.
Oh, I definitely want you, too.
He shook his head slightly—probably flabbergasted I was being so bold.
Are we still on for Thursday?
I can’t wait.
He drew a heart with our names in it. He was such a sweetheart.

* * *

Thursday afternoon came quickly. I was getting more anxious up with each passing second. Was I really going to go through with this? On the way home it started thundering.
“Well, at least the mood is set,” Ebony commented from the passenger seat.
“Oh, you’re full of jokes.”
“Just trying to lighten the atmosphere. You’ve been tense all day.”
“It’s natural to be nervous.”
“I figured I would lose my virginity first. You’re the sweet one.”
“And you know what they say about those.” We both fell into hysterics. I pulled into her driveway just as the rain came down.
“Let me know how it goes.”
“Will do.” I backed out of her driveway and was soaking wet by the time I got inside. I changed into black sweatpants and my Breaking Dawn T-shirt. The doorbell rang. I dashed downstairs with my heart drumming against my ribcage. His hair was wet also. Yummy!
Jason drank me in. “You look nice.”
“Thanks, but I’m not even dressed up.”
“Even the simplest outfits look good on you.”
Ditto! Not to mention you’re the best-looking man I had ever seen. “Do you want to go to my room and watch TV?”
“Sure.”
Jason had never been in my bedroom before. We’d always watched TV downstairs.
He glanced around. “I like the colors in here.”
My room was painted red and black. Red was my favorite color. “Thank you.”
“Hmm, you have a lot of posters of Edward Cullen.”
“Of course I do. I’m Team Edward.”
“I think you like him better than me.”
“That’s definitely not the case. You and Edward do have very similar features. Your hair is wild and sexy like his. You have the same jaw and cheekbone structures. And the same body frame, although your chest is more muscular. But believe it or not, you’re even better looking.” I beamed at him.
“That’s good to know because I was starting to get jealous of Edward.” He smirked, but was trying not to laugh.
“Don’t be. Every woman on the planet wants Edward, but I want you.”
He bit his lip. “I feel the same way about you. Still, I want to watch this movie.”
“You want to watch Twilight? It’s such a chick flick. You normally prefer horror or action. It’s why I’ve never suggested it before.”
“I don’t mind romance, as long as it’s not cheesy. Besides, I am curious to see why it has you so intrigued.”
I’d never heard of a guy liking romance movies. Jason was one of a kind. No wonder I had fallen for him. “Well, it’s a long series. Maybe we can watch it this weekend.” I was more interested in watching him at the moment.
“Sure, it’s a date. How many movies are there?”
“Five total.” Jason settled on my bed. I picked up the remote and turned the station to MTV. He took his shoes off, scooting back.
“Come here,” he commanded in a husky voice.
A shiver ignited through my body. I climbed onto the bed with him, and he pulled me against his chest. I wasn’t paying much attention to the show that was on—too entranced by his fragrance. He had on cologne, but his natural scent of almonds and vanilla smelled heavenly. It was raining hard outside now. It thundered loudly, causing me to jump.
“Did the thunder scare you?”
“Thunder can’t harm you, but sometimes it’s so loud, it takes you by surprise.”
Jason kissed my lips softly. “Don’t be scared.”
He kissed me again with more pressure. I felt a tingle—it radiated from my stomach and continued down. We were lying facing each other, and our breathing accelerated as we started to kiss harder. I unbuttoned his shirt. His hand journeyed over my body as if he was exploring a map. He massaged my fundament, and I felt like putty in his hands. I caressed his back, gliding my hand along his enticing dominance. He drew in his breath and began to suckle my neck. I moaned. It felt like I’d been struck by the lightning outside, and electricity was flowing through my veins. I didn’t think we could turn back now. Besides, I didn’t want to. This felt right. I whimpered while he continued to kiss my collarbone, and then he stopped abruptly.
“Jason, what’s wrong?”
“Are you sure about this? You said you wanted your first time to be with someone that you loved.”
Was he joking? “What do you mean, Jason? Of course I love you. I wouldn’t even be considering this otherwise.”
“You’ve never said it. I haven’t, either. But I want you to know, I love you, Melanie.”
Hearing him say it made this moment perfect. I pressed my mouth against his, and he returned my kiss eagerly. Jason maneuvered himself above me as our tongues continued to entangle with each other. The cool watermelon substance expelled from his tongue. Umm, it was good. He must have tasted it, too. He groaned, massaging the liquid around my mouth.
Within seconds my senses amplified, and my body blossomed to life. I was hypnotized in his trance. My bedroom walls changed colors. Bright rays of light danced in different spectrums all around me. I ran my fingers through his soft hair. His hand grazed up my thigh, gripped my hips, and pulled me tighter against him. I was so into the moment I wasn’t aware of how our clothes got off.
“Pull your legs up, babe.”
I took in the sight of him in all his glory. Biting my lip, I pondered on how this was going to work.
“I won’t hurt you,” Jason soothed, as if he’d read my thoughts.
He cradled my sex, which set me off like a rocket. I wiggled beneath him, clawing at the sheets. His expression was satisfaction while he continued to caress and torture me. Oh, please! I had to have him now. He kissed me like his life depended on it. My body tensed as Jason pushed through my innocence. He entered me slowly and I urged him to continue. The pinching, discomfort only lasted for a spell. As he pushed further into me, my body gave way, bringing on an incandescent thrill of pleasure. I stared into his emerald green eyes as we spun into a kinetic web. I moved in rhythm with him, intoxicated by his love. As our passion unfolded, it intensified with each passing second. Each thrust into me made me crave for more. Jason’s breathing elevated—his pace increased. Suddenly, I felt his girth enhance even bigger inside of me.
My eyes grew wide and I cried out. “Jason! Oh … God!” He held me tighter, and his body started to quiver. He was so endowed, and I was totally consumed by him. The feeling was mesmerizing, and the pressure was tremendous. It was overwhelming in a divine way. Was this normal? I wouldn’t know, but I’d never heard of this before.
“Is this supposed to happen?” I panted.
“I can’t remember being with anyone before you. This is new to me, too. Are you all right?”
“Umm … hum,” I murmured. My eyes rolled to the back of my head. Finally, the pressure exploded. My body bowed, trembling like an earthquake.

A while later Jason held me in his arms. My body felt like jelly. The rain had stopped. Glancing at the clock, I noticed almost two hours had gone by. I was so cocooned in his spell—I hadn’t realized so much time had passed. Wow, interesting. I didn’t know if that was the norm, either. I didn’t have anyone to compare it to. But what happened with Jason and me was nothing like any of my friends from Australia had explained. It was so much more. I couldn’t help but think something extraterrestrial had occurred between us. It was probably because our connection was so strong.
“I’m so comfortable lying here with you,” he said. “Are you okay?”
“I couldn’t be better. I wish we could stay this way, but it’s getting late. My parents will be home soon. If they find you here, in my bed, we’re both dead.”
His eyes got big. “Yikes, that would be a disaster. Let’s get dressed.”
We put our clothes back on, and I walked him to the door. Jason pulled me into a tight hug.
“Have a good evening, babe.”
I trembled at his endearment. “You, too.”
“I love you.” He gave me a soft kiss.
“I love you, too.”
“I’ll call you in little while.”
I glided upstairs on cloud nine and dialed Ebony’s number.
“What happened?” she asked, not even bothering to say hello.
“He just left.”
“And?”
I felt myself flush. “We had hot, naked, sex.” She screamed in my ear. “Ouch!”
“Sorry, but this is epic. I mean you landed the hottest guy in the school.”
“We have been together for a while now.”
“You know what I mean. Now tell me what happened. How was it?”
“It was different, powerful,” I replied, pondering.
“Different? It was your first time, so how would you know if it was different?”
“I don’t know. It’s different from what my other friends have told me. It’s hard to explain, but it was like a magnetic force of energy surrounded us.”
“Wow! Well, you did say it was powerful. Was it painful?”
“It was pain mixed with pleasure at the same time. But only for a few minutes, and then after that the pleasure continued to magnify. The sensations got so strong until I felt like exploding.”
She burst out laughing. “Holy smokes! Sex sounds incredible. I’m jealous.”
“It was amazing! I assume it’s supposed to be when you’re in love.”
“Hmm, none of my friends have told me their first time was anything like you’re describing it, either. It sounds like Jason is a Greek god and definitely knows what he is doing. And in love, don’t think I didn’t hear that remark.”
“I am for sure in love. He told me that he loved me.”
“I’m happy for you, Mel. You two make a good fit.”
“I’m glad you think so. Well, it’s getting late. I better start getting ready for bed.”
“Okay. I can’t wait to see you tomorrow so we can talk about it more,” she replied, excitedly.
She was impossible. “Good night,” I said, hanging up. I took a long, hot shower. I got shivers every time I thought about Jason’s hands and lips on me. They had literally been on almost every part of my body. I lay on my bed to watch TV. I meant to call Jason, but fell under the abyss quickly.
When I opened my eyes, daylight seeped through the window. What the hell? I hadn’t even realized I’d slept the whole night. What time was it? I glanced over at the clock on the nightstand, 6:20 am. Crap! I was supposed to be at Ebony’s house in ten minutes. I’d forgotten to set my alarm. I grabbed my cell phone. There were two missed calls from Jason last night. I must have been really exhausted not to hear the phone ring twice. I would have to talk to him at school. I was running very late. I called Ebony.
“What’s up?”
“Hey, I over slept, and I’m running late. I won’t be there until seven.”
“Okay, no problem.”
I brushed my teeth quickly, put on some jeans, a long-sleeved shirt, and low-cut black boots. I combed my wild and wavy blonde hair into a ponytail. My make-up was light—mascara and lip gloss. I didn’t have time to do anything extravagant, but I always tried to look my best around Jason.
I sped into Ebony’s driveway, and she hopped in. “Sorry I’m late.”
“No doubt tired from your extracurricular activities last night,” she giggled.
She was so crude. I turned beet-red. “You’re horrible. I didn’t even talk to him afterward. I fell asleep. I had two missed calls from him this morning.”
“Well, call him now.”
“We’ll be at school shortly. I’ll just see him then.”
“Are you nervous about seeing him?”
“A little.”
We arrived at school with only a few minutes to spare before the bell rang. My body was extremely sore, like I had run five miles.
“Are you okay? You’re walking funny.”
“I’m sore. Geez, you like to make me squirm.”
“Just stating a fact. You two must have really gone at it.”
“It was my first time, and we made love for an hour. I was bound to be sore today.”
“Huh? A whole hour straight without stopping?”
“Yep....”
Ebony’s eyebrows rose. “Is there something you’re not telling me? I haven’t experienced it myself, but that doesn’t sound like the norm. Jason has skills.”
“Ebony, that’s enough!” I was blushing ten shades of scarlet.
“Okay, okay. He’s a keeper though, and he’s so sweet toward you.”
“He definitely is, and don’t worry. Jason is mine.”
We strolled into the cafeteria. Jason was sitting at the table with Jaden and their friends. “See ya later, Ebony.” I was ready to get away from her before she caused me any further embarrassment.
“All right, later.”
Jason’s brow was furrowed and he seemed deep in thought. He didn’t see me as I approached. “Hey,” I said.
He blew out his breath. “Hi.”
“I woke up late this morning. Can you walk with me to my locker?”
“Sure.” I grabbed his hand. Jason was quiet as we went to my locker. I wondered what he was thinking. “I called you twice last night, but you never called me back.”
“I fell asleep and didn’t see your missed calls until this morning. Sorry if I worried you.”
He beamed. “I thought you were avoiding me. You know how you women are.”
I hit him playfully in the arm. “I’m not going anywhere.”
He pulled me into his embrace. I loved that Jason was such an affectionate person. He was fragile because of his amnesia, and I feared what would happen if he did regain his memory. We would just have to continue to take it one day at a time. I hugged him tighter. I didn’t want to lose him, but I’d support him no matter what.


Chapter 5



My play was tonight. Butterflies tumbled nonstop in my stomach. The cast and I had worked hard. I was positive we would give a great performance. Jason, his siblings, his foster parents, and my parents were all attending.
“Hi, Melanie. Are you ready for the big night?” asked Simon.
       He was the lead male, and we had a lot of parts together. We even had to share a kiss. I was curious to know what Jason would think about it. “Yep, I’m ready. What about you?”
“I’m excited. We’re on in five.”
“All right, let’s take our place.”
We took our positions, and then the curtain rose. I didn’t look to see where Jason was because I didn’t want to be distracted. I transformed into character and the audience disappeared.
The performance went without a hitch. The play ended and we gave our bows. The audience clapped loudly, giving us a standing ovation. Afterward, everyone’s family members started coming backstage.
“Honey, you were wonderful,” my mom said, giving me a hug.
“Thanks, Mom.”
My father handed me a bouquet of red roses. “You were great,” he agreed.
“Mel, you were fantastic.” Jason said, walking over to us. He had two-dozen white roses in his hands. “These are for you.” He gave them to me.
“They’re beautiful, thank you. Mom, Dad, this is Jason.”
I’d told my mom about Jason a few weeks ago. She had asked me who he was when she heard me humming to myself. I asked whom she was referring to, and she responded—the guy you have fallen for. I guess it was a mother’s intuition. My father, on the other hand, I hadn’t mentioned anything to.
“Nice to meet you, Jason,” my mom greeted, shaking his hand.
“It’s nice to meet you too, Mrs. Wilhelm. Hello, Mr. Wilhelm.” Jason extended his hand to my father, who stalled for a second, then shook his hand.
“Hello, Jason.”
My father was skeptical about Jason because he was overprotective of me. He still treated me like I was twelve.
“Oh, Melanie, he’s gorgeous. I can see why you’re so crazy about him,” my mom whispered in my ear.
“Jason, do you have any plans for Christmas Eve?” my mom asked.
“No, Mrs. Wilhelm, not really. I was probably going to stay at home with my family.”
“If you don’t have any plans, I would like to invite you over for dinner on Christmas Eve.”
I raised my eyebrows. This was news to me. My mother obviously wanted to get to know him better.
“Thank you. I would love to come over for dinner.”
“Good,” she replied.
All the flowers in my hand were getting heavy. “Dad, can you hold these for me please? I need to go get my things.”
“Sure, honey.”
I handed him all three bouquets. “Do you need help, Mel?” Jason asked.
My father was watching us like hawks. “I think I got it.”
“All right, call me once you get home.”
“I will.” I wanted to kiss him, but I couldn’t do that with my parents staring.
He gave me a hug and whispered in my ear. “We can’t kiss now, but when I get ahold of you, I’m going to erase any memory of your costar kissing you.”
Holy smokes! That was the hottest thing a guy had ever told me. I shivered, barely holding myself together. Jason turned to my parents as if he hadn’t said anything naughty to me.
“It was nice meeting you both,” Jason said.
“Likewise,” my mom replied. My father nodded.
Jason glanced back at me. “I’ll talk to you later. You were awesome.”

* * *

My mom and I had been preparing things for Christmas Eve dinner. “Jason will be here in ten minutes,” I told her. She grinned from ear to ear. A few minutes later, the doorbell rang, and I went to answer it. Jason was gorgeous as usual. He had on a dark gray sweater and black pants. He handed me a small skinny rectangular box wrapped in pretty silver paper.
I shrieked with excitement. “What is it?”
“You’ll have to open it to find out,” he replied.
I beamed at him. “I have your gift under the tree. We can open them after dinner.” I grabbed his hand, and we walked into the dining room.
Dinner went well. My mom talked nonstop. None of us could get a word in, but I was glad because it didn’t give my dad much of a chance to grill Jason. She really liked him, which was good because I could see a future for us. We got along so well. We’d been discussing college and our future together. I wanted him to find out who he really was, but at the same time, I was scared of what Jason’s past held. I felt something horrible had happened to them. I pushed the thought away. I only wanted to focus on positive things. It was Christmas Eve.
My mother was making coffee and cutting us cake. My dad had Jason in the family room alone. “I hope he’s not giving Jason a hard time,” I pouted.
“I’m sure he will survive your father’s interrogation. He seems like a really nice young man.”
“He’s wonderful. Jason makes me happy.”
“I can see that. I’ve never seen you this way before. It’s like you are glowing in love. Do you think he is the one?”
I blushed. I couldn’t believe she was asking me such a serious question. I was young, especially in her eyes. “Mom, I’m only seventeen.”
“I know, but I see the way you two look at each other. It’s quite obvious you’re in love.”
“I hope he’s the one. I want him to be.”
“There’s no rush, though. You have plenty of time.”
“Yeah, I know.”
I glanced over the counter. Jason was fidgeting in his seat. My dad was hammering him with questions. But knowing my father, he was also threatening him about breaking my heart.
“Let’s go and serve dessert,” I said, rushing into the family room. Jason blew out his breath.
“Yummy.” My dad rubbed his hands together. “What kind of dessert are we having?”
“Coffee cake.”
“Jason and I were just getting acquainted. I was telling him that you are my only daughter.”
So, he was giving him the third degree. “I’m sure you were, Dad.” I rolled my eyes. I gave Jason his plate. “My mom is a great baker.”
“I can’t wait to try it,” Jason said, delighted.
“You’ve never had coffee cake?” Mom asked.
“No, I don’t think I have.”
After dessert my parents retired upstairs. My father was reluctant. Thank goodness my mom pried him away because he would have never left on his own.
“Finally, we’re alone.” I retrieved his gift from the tree. “Here’s your gift,” I said, sitting next to him on the sofa. He unwrapped the gift paper and opened the box. His emerald eyes sparkled when he looked inside.
“This is really nice. I love it.”
It was a black Fossil watch with one single diamond at the center of the watch face. He flipped it over, giving me a heartfelt smile. It had Mel and Jason forever engraved on the back. He seemed choked up for a second, then regained his composure.
“Thank you, babe. This means a lot to me.”
“You’re welcome.”
“Now open yours.”
I grabbed the box he’d given me. I took the paper off, opening the box. It was a diamond, heart-shaped pendant on a silver chain. “It’s beautiful, Jason!”
“You like it?”
“I love it. Here,” I said, handing it to him. “Put it on me.” He placed it on my neck.
“It looks nice on you. I really didn’t know what to get you, and then my sister told me that all women loved jewelry. I saw this necklace, and it reminded me of you because you’re my heart.”
I gasped. Jason was so romantic. No one had ever told me anything so sweet before. Leaning in, I captured his wonderful mouth. He kissed me quickly, then pulled away.
“Mel, your parents,” he exclaimed, peeking around to make sure we were still alone. “Are you trying to get me slaughtered by your father? He’s already giving me a hard time.”
“Oh, sorry. I’ve been dying to kiss you since the play.”
“I want you, too, believe me. Can I see you the day after Christmas?”
“Both of my parents work, so you want to come over?”
“Oh, yes. I warned you what I’m going to do to you when I get you alone.”
I thought I might self-combust right then. I changed the subject before I ripped his shirt off. “Let’s watch a movie? It’s still early. My mom won’t mind if you stay over a little longer.”
After the movie I walked Jason to the door. I turned the porch light off so we could have more privacy. I wouldn’t get to see Jason tomorrow, and I was already missing him. I closed the front door, and then I glued my lips to his. He responded this time. Returning my kiss, he pushed me against the wall. I threw my arms around his neck, really getting into it. Finally, we withdrew, winded.
“I will miss you tomorrow,” I said, breathlessly.
“I’ll call you as soon as I get in.”
“All right, talk to you soon.”
“I love you.”
“I love you so much, Jason.”

* * *

He came over early the day after Christmas. I was thrilled to be able to spend the entire day with him. Jason hugged me tightly after he came inside. It was 10:00 a.m., and I was still in my pajamas. “Let’s go upstairs and watch TV in my room. It’s early.” I climbed into bed, and he got in with me. Sighing, I snuggled next to him, lying my head on his chest, content. “Did you have a good Christmas?”
“It was nice. It would’ve been better if you were with me, though.”
“You’re so sweet.” I gazed into his stunning green eyes. The hue of emerald blazed darker. He grabbed my face with both hands, kissing me fervently. I entangled my hands in his hair.
“Mel, we’re alone,” he whispered in my ear.
“Uh-huh. What are you getting at?”
“You know exactly what I mean. Let me refresh your memory.”
Jason sat up, pulling me underneath him. He removed my sleep pants. I was only in my shirt, vulnerable to his will. A shiver ignited inside of me. He grabbed my hips, tugging me even closer, then he cradled his head in between the crest of my thighs.
       Was he about to do what I thought? My body tensed, not knowing what to expect. “Jason, what are you doing?”
“Shh, I promised you, remember.”
Then he kissed me there. I let out a gargled cry, trembling. I tried to scoot away because the sensations were too intense. He held me tighter, not allowing me to move. I gripped the sheets, moaning loudly. Jason smiled, knowing that he had me where he wanted, and I had no escape. The pressure was building at a tremendous rate. I wasn’t going to be able to stop from screaming—an explosion was about to rip through me. Reaching for the pillow, I covered my face.
Jason moved it away. “Don’t hide from me, babe. I want to see your pleasure when you release.”
Holy smokes! This man said the sexiest things. Jason watched me with hooded eyes as he continued his exquisite torture. I was the clay, and he was the potter. I let the sensations take over. I arched my back, and my toes curled. My body bowed to his scepter as I surrendered.

After we made mind-splintering love, not once, but twice, we finally got out of bed. Now I knew what all the fuss was about. I never imagined sex would be so intense, but maybe it was because it was with him. Jason was always gentle with me, yet so passionate. The more we made love the better it got. I would never get enough of him. At this rate, I’d have to get on the pill—condoms weren’t full proof, so extra protection wouldn’t hurt.
Famished, I offered to make us pancakes.
“Can I help?” Jason asked.
“Sure you can.”
“Mind if I toast a bagel first. I’m starving.”
“Knock yourself out.”
“Would you like a bagel?”
“No, thank you. I’ll wait for the pancakes.” Jason grabbed a bagel and popped it into the toaster. While I was in the pantry getting ingredients for the pancakes, I smelled something burning. Peeping my head from around the corner, I saw smoke emerging from the toaster. Jason was holding the toaster right where the smoke was coming from. “Jason, your hand!”
He glanced down. “Ah, shit!”
It must be bad. Jason rarely used profanity—matter of fact, this was the first time I’d ever heard him cuss. He lifted his hand, where he’d held the toaster. Half of the appliance was burned and singed.
How could it have melted so badly? I clasped Jason’s hand, inspecting it. I gasped in disbelief—there wasn’t a mark on it. “You didn’t get burned.”
“Yeah, I’m okay.”
Relief filled me that Jason wasn’t injured. At the same time, it was weird that the toaster had burned so badly, yet his palm wasn’t even red. Jason unplugged it, and then dumped it into the outside trash. I turned on the vent to air out the burning smell.
“I’m sorry about the toaster.” His brow knitted. “I’m not sure what happened. I’ll buy you another one.”
“That’s not necessary. It’s not your fault. That was a hell of a malfunction. I will have to tell my dad. I’m just glad you’re all right.”
“Evidently, I need cooking lessons if I can’t even toast a bagel without burning the whole application.” He snorted.
“Well, you can assist me. I’ll teach you.” We both laughed.
I managed to get the pancakes done with Jason’s help. What had occurred was beyond strange. It helped lighten the mood that we both joked about it as we ate.
“These pancakes are delicious,” Jason said.
“Thanks. What, you thought I couldn’t cook?”
“You cook better than me that I am sure of, and these are from scratch.”
“Don’t feel bad, cooking is a work in progress,” I teased.
“Obviously.” He took a sip of his OJ. “Do you want to go to the mall?”
“Sure, I’ll get dressed.”

The mall was crowded when we got there. I bought a few things with some gift cards I’d received for Christmas. Jason had a good idea in coming here. I hadn’t even thought about it. I was too engrossed in spending time with him at the house. He was actually very patient with me while I shopped and tried on clothes. He also helped me with making decisions, which was impressive.
“I’m shocked you’re not ready to leave. Most men hate shopping.”
“I don’t mind. It doesn’t bother me.”
“You’re definitely a keeper.”
We were walking out of a store when I saw a picture booth. “Would you like to take some pictures?” I asked. We climbed inside of the booth, and Jason put some money in. “Okay, we get four pictures. The machine will tell us when it’s going to take our photo.”
He leaned closer to me. When it was time for the first photo, I stuck my tongue out. Jason burst out laughing.
       “You’re so silly.”
In the next photo he did Mickey Mouse ears behind my head. We both laughed, and the third photo snapped with us looking at each other giggling. “Okay, now a serious picture for the last one,” I said. We stared into the camera striking a pose, and then they came out.
“These look great.”
“Yeah, I love the one where we’re looking at each other laughing.”
“I like the one where you are sticking your tongue out, and the ears I made for you look nice.” I elbowed him in the ribs. “You do have a great smile in the picture.”
“Yeah, and your grin is devious.” I tore them so we could each have two. I gave him the one with my tongue sticking out, and the photo with him giving me Mickey Mouse ears.
“So what’s next, more shopping?” he asked.
“If you don’t mind.”
“No, I don’t mind. I’m getting hungry again, though. Can we get something to eat after you’re done?”
“Of course. I want to go into one more store, and then we can eat. I’ll make it quick.”

* * *

Liz was throwing a New Year’s Eve party at her house. Her parents had gone out of town like mine. Their parents must have trusted them to leave Liz and her brother there alone. My parents were out of town for their anniversary, also. I’d never given them any reason to think that I would get into any trouble staying by myself. I would be legal on Valentine’s Day, anyway. Coincidentally, my dad had told me no wild parties. Since I had a boyfriend, I guess he wanted to remind me to behave.
I put on a red, tight-fitted dress with black pumps. The doorbell rang, and I grabbed my coat. I enjoyed watching Jason’s eyes light up as I opened the door.
“You look amazing, Mel.”
Jason was wearing a dark-gray flannel shirt with jeans and dressy black boots. “So do you.”
“Harmony and Jaden are waiting in the car. Are you ready?”
“Sure am, let’s go.”

It seemed like the entire senior and junior class was there. We were packed in like sardines. Most people were in the family room and in the kitchen. The music was blasting. Some folks were getting their boogie on. I hoped they had nice neighbors who didn’t call the cops.
“Are you having a good time?” Jason asked.
“Yeah, Liz sure does know how to throw a party.” I had to speak loudly over the music.
“It’s getting crazy in here.”
“Hopefully her parents don’t come home or worse, the party gets busted,” I yelled. I took a sip of punch, scrunching my nose. The punch tasted funny. “I think someone spiked this.”
He walked over and grabbed a cup of punch. After he took a swig, Jason said, “Yeah, it’s definitely spiked.” He finished the cup in two more gulps. “Do you want another cup?”
“Yep!”
Five cups of spiked punch and two hours later, I was having a great time—definitely feeling the effects of the punch. This was the first time I’d been drunk. The song “Radioactive” by Imagine Dragons was playing, and we were on the dance floor. Damn, Jason could really move. I had my backside to him, shaking my hips, grooving with the music.
“You’re a great dancer,” he said, rubbing his body even closer against me.
“You are, too.” I leaned my head on his chest, glancing up at him. Jason looked so delectable with his hair slightly wet from sweat. He kissed me on my neck, and I damn near came unglued. I reached up, capturing his lips, and surprisingly, he kissed me intensely. We normally weren’t this ostentatious in public. It intensified, and I pulled away because my senses started to heighten, tasting the watermelon substance on his tongue. I didn’t want to hump him in public. He bit his lip, staring at me lustfully.
“You look so sexy when you dance. Sorry, I couldn’t help myself,” he admitted.
The feeling was mutual. The song ended. I needed to cool off. He had me heated, and I was also feeling light-headed. “I need to take a break.” We stepped to the side. “I drank too much punch.”
“I did, also,” he replied, giving me a crooked smile.
He went and got us some bottled waters. After a few minutes, my stomach stopped roiling, and my head felt steadier.
“Do you want me to take you home?” he asked.
“A Thousand Years” by Christina Perri came on. I loved this song. It was from my favorite book series and movie, Breaking Dawn. “Can we dance to this song first?”
“Sure we can.”
Jason grabbed my hand, taking me to the area being used for the dance floor. He pulled me closer to him. Um, he smelled marvelous. I leaned my head on his chest, holding him tightly. The song ended, and he looked down at me.
“Can I spend the night with you?” he asked.
I exhaled, my knees felt weak. I wouldn’t get another opportunity like this with my parents being out of town. As I glanced up at him my heart beat raced with just the thought of Jason spending the night. “Yes, I would like that.”
Jason licked his lips. I almost expired on the spot. “I should probably let Jaden or Harmony drive. I feel a little unsteady.”
“I don’t know about Jaden driving, he appears pretty wasted as well. But Harmony looks sober.”
“That’s our lucky chip. Let’s go.”

* * *

Harmony pulled up into my driveway. I couldn’t wait to get out of the car. Jason had been rubbing his thumb in small circles around the top of my hand. Now my hormones were raging. It was in a loving way, but it felt intimate. We had been glancing at each other every couple of seconds the whole ride home. I wanted to rip the shirt from his sculpted chest and kiss his succulent lips. He was mine as soon as we got inside. This alcohol was making me feel bold.
“Can you cover for me in the morning, Harmony? Just tell mom that Melanie picked me up early. Mel will bring me home later.”
“Sure, Jason. I’ll cover for you as best I can,” Harmony agreed. “I’ll call you if there are any problems.”
What did Harmony mean by that? She probably meant if his foster mom was asking questions, or even worse, found his bed empty tonight. Hopefully, that wouldn’t be the case. But I wasn’t going to try and talk him out of spending the night. I was looking forward to waking up in his arms.
“All right, thanks,” he told her.
“Good night, Harmony,” I said, stepping out of the car. I would have told Jaden bye, but he was already passed out.
Once we were inside, I flipped on the light in the entryway. “Let’s go upstairs,” I said, stumbling toward the staircase. Thank goodness Jason was walking in front of me because I tripped on the last step, and he caught my arm. I fell onto his chest.
“Whoa, careful there.”
“I have got to get out of these heels.”
I kicked my shoes off in the hallway. Jason still held my arm. I gazed up at him, and our eyes locked. I felt an electric current pulse through me. I went up on my tiptoes and landed my lips against his. Leaning down, he kissed me with equal passion. I ran my hands through his hair. Jason was so much taller than me. He lifted me up like I was weightless. I kissed him with more force, and he rubbed his palm along my backside. The liquor was fueling through me. We fell back against my bedroom door. We were still kissing as I fumbled with the handle. We tumbled around the room, groping each other. It was dark, and I couldn’t see anything. Jason had me pinned against my dresser. We were both exploring each other’s bodies. With our rapid momentum, I rocked back into my dresser—something fell, crashing to the ground. It sounded like it broke.
“Uh, oh. What was that?” he asked, breaking our kiss.
“I’m not sure. I can’t see anything.” I heard him stumble around until he made his way to my nightstand. He turned on the lamp. “It was just my jewelry box that fell.”
He took a closer look at it. “The lid on it is broken. I’m sorry.”
“It’s not your fault. We both had a hand in breaking it. Don’t worry about it.”
I couldn’t care less about my jewelry box at the moment. I wanted him. He was standing there looking glorious. His bare chest was muscular, and I loved his tousled brown hair, which had red highlights that glimmered in the light. I pranced over to him, pressing my body to his. Jason groaned, capturing my lips.
We fell onto the bed and several things transpired. I was in ecstasy as our bodies did a merengue dance together. It had never been this erotic between us. Each thrust he made inside of me felt more pleasurable, propelling me closer to the precipice. I glided my palm down his backside. Jason hiked up my hips, pumping into me at a delicious angle. I moaned—the pressure was building. Groaning, he kissed me harder, then he buried his hands in my hair. It felt like electric currents of pleasure were surging through me with every stroke and touch that Jason delivered.
The effects of the spiked punch were pumping through my head, and I also started to feel warmth radiating from my scalp. It was pleasant at first, and then it began to get uncomfortable. Now it was downright painful. It smelled like something was burning. My eyes shot open. I looked down and could actually see smoke coming from the ends of my hair, like steam from a curling iron. This was definitely not normal!
“Jason, something is burning!” He opened his eyes in alarm and withdrew his hands from my hair quickly.
“What’s burning?”
I sat up in the bed. The pain had subsided a little, and the smoke had disappeared. Was I hallucinating, or had I really seen smoke?
“My head felt like it was on fire!” He sprang up. “Jason, did you see the smoke?”
“Yeah, I saw it. But I don’t see it anymore.”
I clutched the ends of my hair. They were fried, literally scorched. “My hair is burned. Jason, what the fudge! Is this the Twilight Zone?”
“Mel, are you hurt?” He was frantically inspecting my head now, as well as my entire body. “Your scalp is red, but I don’t see any other injuries.” He raked his hand through his hair, perplexed.
“No, I’m okay. My scalp still feels warm, but it’s not painful. Are you all right?”
“Yeah, I’m fine. But I’m worried about you. I don’t understand what happened.”
“I don’t, either. This is beyond weird.” This incident was similar to the toaster burning. Could they be related? No … that didn’t make sense. Jason couldn’t be the cause of it? This wasn’t a sci-fi book or paranormal movie.
Jason blew out this breath. “Are you certain that you’re okay?”
I sighed. “The worst of my injuries are that I’m going to have to get at least two inches cut from my hair. The ends are completely fried,” I pouted, holding a piece in my hand.
He bit his lip. “I’m sorry you have to cut it.”
“Maybe they put something else in the punch, and we’re just hallucinating.”
“I’m at a loss for words, and my head is definitely still spinning from the punch.”
“I don’t have any answers. But thinking about it is blowing my buzz, and things were really starting to get heated between us.”
He grinned, shaking his head. “I think that is an understatement, considering smoke was actually coming from your hair.”
“I guess we are a smoking hot couple. When we get it on, the roof is on fire. Well, not the roof, but my hair.”
“Mel, I can’t believe you’re joking about this,” he said, trying to hold in his laugh.
I started giggling myself, and he joined me. What else could I do but laugh off this bizarre situation. I’d probably be terrified if I wasn’t drunk, but I would rather pretend it never occurred. It was too strange to comprehend, and there was no rational explanation for it.
“Jason, I’m still very heated.”
“Is your scalp still hot?” he asked seriously.
       “No, just my body.” I leaned closer to him and sucked on his bottom lip.
       He groaned. “Mel, I don’t know if it’s a good idea. I’m really freaked about what happened to you.”
“Well, let’s not dwell on it right now. I want you.” He shivered as I kissed him again. I parted his mouth with my tongue deepening the kiss.
       After a few seconds, he pulled away. “Maybe we should continue this in the shower, where the atmosphere is cooler. I feel heated, too.”
“Sounds nice. The shower would probably be safer if things get hot under the collar again, then the water can put out the flames.”
He chuckled. “You’re a little comedian tonight.”
I stood up, strutting toward my bathroom. I stopped at the doorway and glanced over my shoulder. “Come on. Let’s burn the roof down.”

I really enjoyed the Christmas holidays. It was the best Christmas I’d ever had. Jason and I had spent so much time together. I stared at the pictures we’d taken. My favorite was the one where we were both laughing. I looked forward to the future with the man I loved. He was definitely the one.


Chapter 6


On the second Saturday in January, Jason and I went to the movies with Ebony and Jaden. Ebony was thrilled because she wanted to work things out with Jaden. Recently, Jaden had told her he was thinking about becoming a policeman. Since Ebony’s mother was a police officer, Jaden had gone with Ebony this week to visit the station. Her mother was more than happy to inform young males about what it took to be a law enforcer. I was curious about his new found interest in the law.
It was cool to be going on a double date, but I didn’t want Ebony to get her hopes up. She was really into Jaden. They’d spoken cordially to one another this last semester, but only time would tell if they would rekindle old flames.
We waited in the crowded ticket line. Ebony was talking Jaden’s head off. He was grinning from ear to ear. Several vixens were eyeing Jason. They were imagining what he’d look like with his clothes off. One girl blushed, taking him in from head to toe. Another bit her lip, and one chick actually licked her lips. Several more eyes were glazed over. I was used to women lusting over Jason when we went out. He only paid attention to me, so I always reveled in everyone’s envy. The coldness from outside made me shiver, even though I was wearing a heavy coat. I leaned my head against Jason’s chest, and he happily pulled me closer. I gloated as I received evil glares.
Yes, tramps. He’s mine, I thought.
We were now waiting in the long line inside to get something to eat. The movie cinema was packed and noisy. Jaden was cracking jokes. After a couple of minutes, Jaden’s playful sense of humor evaporated. He shot daggers at the three guys behind us.
“I would watch it if I were you,” Jaden threatened them.
Two of them frowned. The blond guy scrunched his nose. He whipped his head around and said, “Dude, what are you talking about? No one said anything to you.”
“Oh, I hear you loud and clear. If you keep it up, and continue to think about her in that manner,” Jaden replied, inclining his head toward Ebony. “You’re going to have a problem.”
“You knew what I was thinking? You’re nuts,” the blond guy challenged.
“Well, you won’t get a chance to smack it. I an ’it crazy asswipe.” Jaden’s jaw muscles flexed.
“Whatever, man.”
Jaden’s forehead wrinkled. “Oh, I don’t think you can take me on and win. Matter of fact, you’re going to apologize to the lady.” He gestured to Ebony.
“The hell I am,” the blond guy spat, and started to talk with his friends again. Jaden roughly grabbed his shoulder, yanking him around, and got in his face. The blond jerked away. “Get your damn hands off me!”
At this point, Jason stepped over to them. “Jaden chill out! The security man is looking this way, and we don’t need any more problems.” Jason and Jaden were a head taller than all three of them. They were also bigger. The guys must’ve been intimidated, and didn’t want to take them on.
One of the blond’s friends said, “Man, settle down. He’s not worth going to jail over.”
The blond backed away, and then Jaden simmered down a degree. Ebony and I stared at each other, clueless.
Jaden rolled his eyes at the guys. “Yeah, okay,” he finally acknowledged Jason, snorting.
Ebony gaped at Jaden. “Is everything all right?” she asked him.
Jaden continued to glare at the blond dude as he handed her some money. “I’m cool. Sorry about that. Order us popcorn and cokes, or whatever else you’d like. I’m going to the bathroom. I’ll meet you inside the theater.”
“Okay,” Ebony replied with her brow furrowed. She turned to me. “What did that guy say? All I heard them talking about was a football game.”
“I have no idea, but I didn’t hear them say anything obscene. At least Jaden took up for you.”
“Yeah, but he’s pissed. I hope our date isn’t ruined.”
“He’ll be all right, Ebony,” Jason said. He grabbed my hand. “Let’s get our food so we can get our seats.”
Jaden seemed to genuinely care about Ebony. I believed he’d only flirted with me when I’d first met him to make her jealous. His protectiveness of her made me respect him.
After the movie Jason dropped Ebony off, and then headed to his house to take Jaden home. Ebony pouted the whole ride because Jaden had been quiet for the rest of their date. I dozed off, and was on the threshold of consciousness—the state between sleep and awareness. The car stopped. I heard the doors open and close. They must’ve been standing near my passenger door to talk. Their voices sounded close.
“Hey, you need to calm down. I know this is baffling, but you can’t lose your cool every time you hear something you don’t like, or we’re going to get into a lot of fights,” Jason said.
“Easy for you to say, you didn’t hear what those guys were thinking. They were obnoxious, and I don’t like anyone thinking about Ebony like that.”
“You can’t control someone’s thoughts.”
“It’s still hard to deal with.”
“You can’t let what you hear control your emotions, Jaden.” Jason countered.
“True, but you didn’t hear what they thought about Melanie, either.”
“Wait … you mean they were thinking stuff about her, too. What were they thinking?”
“Ah, I see things change when they involve her.”
“Never mind, I don’t need to know. But we have to stay focused and keep our head in the game.”
“You’re right—our emotions will always get in the way. It wasn’t a good idea to go on a date with Ebony. It’s not a good idea for you to see Melanie, either. You should remember that.”
“Mel has nothing to do with this.”
“On the contrary, she does. You’re in love with her. We need to keep a safe distance from the people we care about. Nothing good will come of it. I realize that now. I want to be with Ebony, too, but look what happened at the movies.”
“What happened at the movie is because you have a bad temper.”
“It’s more than that. We’re connected with something bigger and need to stick together. We shouldn’t involve anyone else.”
“We’ll talk about this later.” Jason cut him off. “I need to get Mel home.”
Hum … what a strange dream. Them against the world and letting go of the people they cared about for a greater purpose. Being able to hear and control people’s thoughts—what a weird concept. I liked the part where Jaden said his brother was in love with me, but nothing else made much sense.
Me and my wild imagination!

* * *

The following Friday night, Jason and I were in the family room eating pizza. After we finished eating we decided to watch a movie. I’d never seen the Underworld series before, and now he had me hooked. We were on the sofa watching the fourth movie. I was lying across his chest. Jaden came into the room. His eyes widened, seeming surprised to see us.
“Oh, hi, Melanie.”
“Hey, Jaden.”
“What’s up?” Jason said to him. Jaden rolled his eyes, didn’t reply, and walked away. Jason lifted us up on the sofa. “I will be back in a second.”
“Okay.”
He followed Jaden. I was going to stay put until I heard Jason’s voice rise. I bolted up, rushing into the kitchen. Harmony was in there, also. Jason was in Jaden’s face. His nostrils flared. Jaden’s forehead creased, appearing more concerned, like he was trying to convince Jason. None of them saw me.
“What’s your problem?” Jason asked, gritting his teeth.
“I don’t think you should have her around with everything that’s going on,” Jaden told him.
Were they talking about me?
“She doesn’t have anything to do with this,” Jason spat.
“You are taking it too personal, Jason. He doesn’t mean any harm,” Harmony intervened.
“It’s not right to involve her further, and you know it,” Jaden interrupted.
“We don’t even have all of the facts,” Jason countered.
“We know enough. You’re just too blind to see it.” Jaden threw in his face.
They were talking about me, but why? None of this made sense. The last statement Jaden said pushed Jason over the edge. He shoved Jaden in his chest so hard he flew backward into the refrigerator, and slipped to the floor. Jaden got up fast, pushing Jason back.
“Guys, stop!” I yelled, frantic.
Jason shoved Jaden again, trying to get him into a wrestler hold. Thank goodness Harmony rushed into the crossfire, and somehow managed to separate them. She had both of her arms extended, one hand on each of their chests.
“You guys better cut it out right now! Don’t make me tell you twice!” she commanded.
They stopped struggling against her. Did Harmony have a black belt in karate that they obeyed her so readily? Jason glanced at me, frowned, and bit his lip. He walked toward me and pulled me from the kitchen quickly.
In the hallway he said, “I’m sorry about that. Do you mind if we go to your place?”
“Sure, but what’s going on?”
“Let’s talk about it in the car.”
Jason gathered my things and had me out of the house before I could blink. He didn’t want me around his siblings—that was clear. He had picked me up from my house so we were in his car. Jason blew out his breath. His forehead was furrowed, deep in thought. He didn’t seem like he wanted to talk.
“Are you going to tell me what that was about?”
“We’re having some family problems.”
“Yeah, that’s obvious. What does it have to do with me?”
“Nothing....”
“That’s not what your brother thinks.”
“My brother doesn’t know what he’s talking about.”
“Well, your sister seemed to agree.” He didn’t answer. “Why does your brother dislike me?”
He looked at me apologetically. “Mel, my brother and sister like you just fine.”
“Why did you shove your brother then?”
“We have been bumping heads for a while. Things just added up.”
“I don’t buy it.”
“Mel, you’re being paranoid. You are reading too much into this. My brother and I have argued before. We’re both hotheaded, so sometimes things get heated.”
“I think there’s more going on than you’re telling me. It’s clear you don’t want to share. Just drop me off. I don’t want to talk about it anymore.” I crossed my arms against my chest, glaring out the window.
“Mel….” Jason said, trying to smooth it over. I ignored him and he sighed.
At the next stoplight, Jason put the car into park. What was he doing? He undid his seatbelt and lunged at me. His aggressiveness made my eyebrows rise. I was worried and irritated, but all of my emotions unraveled in the kiss. It was explosive. He pushed his tongue into my mouth and the watermelon substance expelled. He kissed me like his mouth was made for mine. Within seconds, desire pulsed inside of every cell in my body. I returned his kissed fiercely, tugging his hair. Jason moaned, then several people started to blow their horns. The light was green. He pulled back, winded, and then drove on through the intersection.
“Are you talking to me now?”
He poked out his mouth—lips that I wanted to kiss again, still feeling high from his tongue of ecstasy. Why was I mad again? “I’m talking, but I don’t like you keeping me in the dark.”
“My family and I will get it sorted out, okay. But I don’t want you to think you’re the cause of the problem. That’s not the case. Are you really not going to let me come in?” he asked, pulling into my driveway.
       A few minutes ago, I would have said no, but after the way he’d kissed me, I couldn’t. Jason kissed me that way on purpose just so he could have his way with me.

* * *

In the cafeteria with Ebony, we were chatting with some of our friends before school started when Jason arrived with the gang. Ebony poked her lips out. Jaden had gone to the police station a couple more times with Ebony and they talked often. But she was disappointed that Jaden seemed to only want to be friends. Jason smiled, motioning for me to come over.
       “I’ll check with you later, Ebony.”
“See ya.”
“Hey,” I beamed, going over to Jason. I was excited drama practice had gotten canceled. We were supposed to hang out. “We’re still on for after school, right?”
He sighed. “Actually, Mel, I need to take care of something with Jaden. I’m sorry.”
“Oh....” I scrunched my nose. “You guys are best buds now?”
“Mel, he’s my brother. We have worked things out.”
“I understand.” But I really didn’t. I wanted Jason to patch things up with his family, but I also wanted him to let me back in. Over the last few days his mind seemed to be a million miles away.
“I will make it up to you, I promise.”

After school I was at my locker gathering my books. Simon, my drama partner approached me. We were good friends and talked often. I knew Simon had a thing for me, and he knew me well enough to know I’d been a little down lately.”
“Hey, Melanie.”
“Hi, Simon.”
“How have you been?”
“I’m good,” I replied, stretching the truth. I didn’t want to admit I was worried about my relationship. I’d never tell him that. I hadn’t even said anything to Ebony.
“Since we don’t have practice I was going to get a bite to eat. You want to hang out with me?”
Whoa, Simon was bold. He also knew that I was in a serious relationship but still asked. He was cute, though. His hair was light-brown and his eyes were, too. It would probably look bad if someone saw the two of us out together, and it got back to Jason. He’d probably have a stroke if he found out. But at the moment I didn’t care. Jason’s the one who canceled, and I didn’t want to be alone. Simon was nice. He always made me laugh.
I was about to say yes, and take him up on his offer when Jason interrupted us. He stood very close behind me, and then he wrapped his arm around my waist. I could feel his breath brush again my neck.
“We already have plans Mel, remember?”
I snapped my head around and my mouth dropped open. Seriously? “I thought something came up.”
“It did. But I’m rescheduling that instead. You ready?” Jason asked, grabbing my backpack to carry it for me.
Normally, I would’ve been elated that he was jealous and staking his claim. Now it only irritated me. Jason was only canceling his plans with his brother because he’d obviously overheard Simon. His face fell, disappointed Jason had intruded. Jason and I were usually together every spare second in school. Simon was taking the opportunity he had seen. Simon glared at him. Jason glowered back, raising his eyebrows with a smirk on his face. Jason grabbed my hand, intertwining our fingers. I should teach him a lesson, and refuse to go with him. But I didn’t want to stir him up.
“Sorry, Simon. I’ll talk with you later. I guess I still have plans with Jason.”
“Bye, Simon,” Jason said dismissively. I rolled my eyes.
“Yeah, okay. See you later, Melanie,” he replied, walking away.
I pulled my hand away from Jason, placing it on my hip. “You didn’t have to cancel your plans.”
“It’s your day off, and I want to spend time with you,” he cooed with his emerald eyes burning into mine.
Ugh, why did I bother being upset with him? I couldn’t stay mad at him for more than five seconds, which was pretty pathetic. But it was no use—my mind became foggy when I was around him.
“Let’s go,” I said, throwing in the towel.

* * *

Before third period the next day, I spotted Jason and Harmony talking in front of the stairs. They were whispering, and I couldn’t hear what they were saying. They seemed oblivious to the people walking pass them.
“Hey, guys,” I announced. Harmony’s eyes grew wide, like she’d gotten caught with her hand in the cookie jar.
Jason played it off. “I’ll walk you to class,” he told me nonchalantly.
“Hi, Melanie,” Harmony said. “We’ll continue our conversation later, Jason.”
In fifth we had a substitute teacher. The class chatted among ourselves while he got situated. Jason and I were talking, but his mind was somewhere else.
“Why don’t we get our nails done after school? Scarlet red would look great on you,” I said, being funny.
“Uh, sure. That sounds good.”
Yep, I nailed it on the head. Jason wasn’t paying any attention to what I was really saying. My hopes plummeted. I thought we were back on track. Yesterday evening, Jason took me out to eat, and then he tortured me until I pleaded for him to stop—only he didn’t. Jason loved to make me beg. He had kissed me like I was his life line. When I wanted him to hold me tighter, he did.
Remembering our fervent escapade last night made the muscles down there clench and my cheeks flushed. At the same time my heart ached. These emotions mixed together were conflicting. The Jason last night was the one who adored Melanie. The Jason today was distant. He scared me because he smiled, and pretended everything was all right, but that was far from the truth.
“Hey, you okay,” Jason whispered—now back from wherever he’d been.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” I lied. “I hate something is bothering you.”
He grabbed my hand, squeezing it. Then he rubbed his thumb gently across the front. “You’re so sweet. Stop worrying.” He smiled, but it didn’t reach his eyes.
The sub began class, so I couldn’t argue. I wanted to tell him that I knew something was troubling him, but he didn’t want to share. I wished he would tell me what was going on. I was really worried about him.
Distant Jason was now the going trend. We went about our daily routine, but his mind was on another planet when we were together. Jason and his siblings were always whispering in the hallways. Something was definitely up. It was like they were preparing for a secret mission.

* * *

February dragged in, and I was at work one Saturday evening. The dinner shift had started when Jason and Jaden strolled in. No matter my frustration with Jason, when I saw him it was always the same—butterflies swirled in my stomach. He had called me this morning. We’d talked briefly, but he seemed distracted as usual. Jason coming was a nice surprise.
“Hey, guys, what’s up?”
“Hi, Melanie,” Jaden replied.
“Hey, Mel,” Jason said. His forehead wrinkled.
“What’s wrong Jason?” I asked
Jaden turned away. It made my stomach clench. Jason ignored my question. “Do you have any plans after your shift?”
My concern was forgotten for the moment, excited that Jason wanted to hang out. We hadn’t spent any time together all week. “No, I don’t.”
“Can we spend some time together?”
I’d been dying to all week. “Yes, of course.”
“Do you want to go out or stay in?”
“My parents are going to a friend’s birthday party and won’t be in until late. I would prefer if we stayed in.”
He raised his eyebrow and his cheeks grew red. It was a sexy expression. Jaden blew out his breath. Wth?
“All right, can I come over around 8 p.m.?”
“That’s fine. I’ll be home by then.” I beamed at him and took their drink order. When I returned, they were in deep conversation and didn’t see me approach.
“It’s not a good idea for you to go over there,” Jaden stated.
They both jumped as I put their drinks down. I frowned. Why would Jaden tell him that? It was a strange comment. And it had been several times now that Jaden seemed to have a problem with Jason being with me. I didn’t think it was because Jaden disliked me. This frightened me. Jason was hiding something that he didn’t want me to know.
“We’re ready to order now, if it’s okay with you,” Jason said.
“Sure, what will it be?”

My stomach was in knots about Jason coming over. I didn’t know what to expect with how bizarrely he’d been acting the last couple of weeks. I had just put on my T-shirt when I heard the doorbell. I didn’t have pants on, but decided to answer the door just like that.
       Jason drank me in, lustfully. “May I come in?”
I opened the door wider, and he stepped inside. Jason looked yummy in his black T-shirt and jeans. We gazed at each other in the entryway.
“You look lovely, Mel.”
“All I have on is a T-shirt.”
“Yes, I can clearly see that,” he replied with a mysterious look in his eyes.
“Would you like to go upstairs?”
He nodded. I led the way to my room. I closed the door, and then Jason backed me against it. The lighting was dim. He was so close to me. I stared into his penetrating emerald eyes. “I’ve really been worried about you.”
“I’m sorry I’ve been a little distant.”
He touched my cheek, causing me to tremble. “Do you want to talk about it?”
“I don’t want to discuss it right now.”
He pressed his lips to mine. I glided my hand down his backside. Jason groaned and swiftly lifted me up. I wrapped my legs around his waist. He kissed my neck—his breathing was winded. I returned my mouth to his and he kissed me intensely. This was a side to him I’d never seen before—dark and mysterious, but I liked it. His kiss became urgent. It felt as if he was saying good-bye. My chest tightened. Jason stopped abruptly. Putting me down, he stepped away from me. He pressed his hand against his temples like he was fighting a migraine.
“Jason, what’s wrong?”
“I just have a lot of things running through my mind. When you answered the door only wearing a shirt, I lost control.”
“What’s wrong with losing control? I was enjoying it.”
He smiled, kissing me softly. “Do you mind if we watch TV? I just want to hold you.”
Wth? Did Jason have a split personality? First, he attacked me, and now he wanted to have cuddle time. What bothered me the most was that Jason seemed guilty about our passionate encounter. He must really be having serious issues.
“Sure we can.” I attempted to play off my concern as best I could. I turned on Deep Sea Fishermen. It was one of his favorite shows. Captain Darwin took his crew out to catch king crabs—a very dangerous line of work. We lay in bed, and I placed my head onto his chest. I decided to try a different approach. We’d grown so close. Jason had begun sharing everything with me, so when he started to grow distant I was hurt. But I didn’t want to push him further away. I wanted Jason to know that he could tell me anything, and I would support him no matter what.
“Is everything okay with your foster parents?”
“Yes, they are fine.”
“Do the issues involve your amnesia?”
He sighed. “Yeah … my siblings and I are starting to remember more about our past.”
“Well, that’s good, then.”
He didn’t answer, and I remembered what he’d told me. They were in some sort of accident, and they’d been found wandering in Convey Valley. “I take it your memories aren’t good, considering how you were found.”
“It’s complicated, but I don’t want you to worry. I have some issues I need to work through.”
“I’m here for you, although I wish you would tell me what’s going on.”
“I need to sort out some stuff by myself, but please don’t take it personal.” I looked down. Jason lifted my chin up to meet his eyes. “Please be patient. I don’t know what’s going to happen, or how things are going to turn out.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Nothing … Can we just enjoy our time tonight?”
Nothing, my arse! He definitely had a secret that he didn’t want me to find out.
“Please don’t be upset with me. I love you.”
I rolled my eyes. It wasn’t fair for him to throw that line at me because he didn’t want to explain. “I love you, too,” I replied, in spite of my irritation.
“Good.”
He gave me a quick kiss. My instincts were telling me our time together was limited, but I didn’t want to continue to pester him with questions. I couldn’t control the future. I would have to wait and see how this played out.
I pushed my fears aside and enjoyed the rest of the evening with him. We watched a few episodes of Deep Sea Fishermen. After I walked him to the door, Jason leaned down and kissed me softly. I hugged him tightly, noticing just how reluctant I was to let him go. As he walked away, I closed my eyes and prayed he could work through his complicated past.

* * *

On Monday, my day off, Jason had told me to meet him at his house after school. But during school Jason said something had come up with Harmony, and that he would call me when he got home. I went home to knock out my homework. Glancing at the clock, it was after 5:00 p.m. Jason still hadn’t called. I called his cell, but he didn’t answer. I continued with my homework and another thirty minutes had gone by. I called him again, but there still was no answer. My anxiety started to rise. Jason always returned my calls quickly, or he at least texted. I decided to just go over to his house. I couldn’t stand waiting any longer.
I arrived and rang the doorbell. Jaden answered, looking deep in thought. “Hi, Jaden, is your brother home?”
“Hi…. Yeah, he’s upstairs in his room.”
That was odd. Jason was home, but he hadn’t bothered to return my call. Jaden let me in, and I went upstairs. I knocked on Jason’s bedroom door. He opened it after a couple of seconds. When he saw me, his eyes grew wide. His face was pale like he had seen a ghost.
“Did you forget that you asked me to come over? I called you several times.”
His brow knitted. He stood there looking dumbfounded. After a moment, he spoke. “I’m sorry. I lost track of time.”
       He opened the door for me to come inside. “What happened? You seem really upset?”
“….It’s just been a really long day.”
I walked up to him. “What’s going on? You can talk to me.”
“We’re having family problems.”
That was nothing unusual. It had been the going trend for weeks now. Something serious had occurred since he’d left school for him to be this upset. It was obvious he didn’t want to talk about it. This hurt my feelings, but it was best if I gave him some space.
“I’ll leave, but you will call me later, right?”
“Of course.”
Jason normally escorted me to my car if I came over, but it didn’t seem like he was going to do that today.
“I’ll call you later,” he said as I left his room.
I wished I’d stayed at home. I felt worse now than when I had arrived. A million thoughts ran through my mind with no answers. Jason remembered something from his past. It was the only thing that made sense.
Jason finally called me later that night. He apologized for not returning my call. He seemed in better spirits, but didn’t mention his strange behavior earlier. I didn’t want to upset him again, so I didn’t bring it up. Jason needed to sort through his problems, and I would give him time to do so. I couldn’t continue to let my emotions revolve around his moods, though. They were giving me whip lash. If he wanted to talk about his issues, then he could bring it up.


Chapter 7



The following Wednesday everyone was gossiping about a new girl named Paige. I hadn’t seen her yet, but I’d heard she was a knockout. I was at my locker when Ebony came up to me.
“Have you seen the new girl?” she asked.
“Not yet. Have you?”
“Yeah, and it’s true what people are saying. She’s gorgeous, although you guys resemble each other. All the girls are already talking smack, saying she’d better not mess with their man.”
“Has she been flirting with them?”
“No, I’ve only seen her with Harmony. They’re friends.”
“Well, why are the girls talking noise about her?”
“Probably because they’re insecure.”
“Hey, have you seen Jason?”
“Nope. I haven’t seen him since school started.”
“All right. I’ll see you at lunch.”
“Later.”
Where was he? I hadn’t seen Jason since before first period. Taking a deep breath, I remembered what I’d told myself. I was going to give him space. As I walked down the hall, I saw what Ebony was referring to. Several girls were making threats about Paige. Poor girl, I wondered if they had said the same things about me when I’d first arrived. They needed to get a grip.
“Hi,” Jason said, catching up to me in the hallway. We came to my classroom door. He normally hugged or kissed me. He made no attempt to do either, and I wasn’t going to throw myself at him. “I’ll see you in fifth.”
“Yeah, sure.” My eyes reached the heavens and I sighed.
When I arrived to fifth period, Jason was sitting down with his elbows on the table. His eyes were closed and he was rubbing his temples. I sat quietly, and I didn’t acknowledge him.
A few seconds later, he asked, “Are you mad at me?”
I glanced over at him quickly, and then looked back down at my notebook. “No, why would I be?”
“You seem like you are.”
“I just never know what mood you’re going to be in nowadays. So I’m trying to give you space.”
“I’m sorry. I don’t mean to throw you mixed signals.”
Just then, Harmony walked in with someone I assumed was the new girl, Paige. Wow! She was pretty. But Ebony was right. She and I did look alike. Her hair was long and wavy, except it was dark brown. She appeared around the same height as me with a petite frame. Her eyes were green, but they were at least two shades lighter than mine. I’d never seen eyes such a light shade of green before.
Paige glanced over at Jason. Her eyes grew large, and then narrowed. She continued to scowl, throwing daggers at us. I stared at Jason. His cheeks flushed. Jason’s expression was a roller-coaster of emotions. His eyes got big as golf balls, and he looked guilty, but why? He turned away from her intense glare. I however glowered back at her, more than irritated. First off, I didn’t like the fact that we looked alike. Second, I wanted to know why Jason responded the way he had. She scrunched her nose up, turned to Harmony, and whispered.
       What was her problem?
Harmony whispered back, and then strolled to her seat, one row behind and across from us. Paige talked with the teacher, then she went to sit in the empty seat next to Harmony. Class began, and Jason seemed tense for the rest of the period.
The bell rang for class to end. “I’ll meet you at your locker,” Jason said. “I need to talk with my sister for a sec.”
I didn’t understand the expression on his face, but I didn’t wait around.

After school Jason walked me to the parking lot. I was parked one car over from his. Jaden and Harmony were already there. 
“Do you work tonight?” asked Jason.
“Yeah.” He stared into the distance. I turned as Paige approached. What the hell! Why was she here? Harmony grinned. She and Paige sparked a conversation. Oh, I’d forgotten they were friends. Paige got into the back seat with Harmony. “I’ll call you when I get off.”
“Okay.” Jason gently patted the top of my shoulder.
You have got to be freaking kidding me! Jason had never done that before. We at least hugged each other good-bye. There went that guilty look again. I stood there gaping at him. Did he like Paige? He seemed to know her. I stormed off.
Once I got home from work, I prepared myself for bed. I didn’t bother to call Jason. I climbed into bed and my cell started ringing. It was him. I couldn’t believe he even bothered calling after how strangely he’d acted today. I hit the button, sending him to voice mail. I didn’t want to talk to him right now. I needed to analyze his behavior and actions.

* * *

The next day I’d managed to avoid Jason all morning. I sent all three of his calls to voice mail. He texted me during second period.
Please don’t be mad at me. I’m going through a tough time right now.
Now I felt bad. I didn’t know what was going on. But it seemed like it involved Paige, even though his distance started a few weeks before she arrived. If Jason was really having family issues and emotional distress, I should be there for him. We could discuss it, if that’s what he wanted. Or I would give him space, if it was what he needed. I texted him back.
I’m not upset, but something is wrong. I am here if you need me.
Thanks for supporting me.
Surprisingly, Jason was waiting for me after class and he walked me to third period. Afterward, I saw Paige. Her hair was in a messy ponytail. She had on a T-shirt and jeans. I thought I’d been blessed with a backside, but she had more in that department than me. Now I see why I’d overheard some guys saying her butt was like J Lo’s. Several were making goo-goo eyes at her as she tore down the hallway like a speeding bullet. I wondered who’d pissed her off.
Jason was already sitting when I got to fifth. His face was in a bundle of emotions—stressed again.
“Hey,” I said, sitting down.
“Hi,” he whispered.
I decided it was best not to say anything. If he wanted to talk, he could initiate the conversation. A couple of minutes later, Harmony and Paige came in. Jason glanced at them. Paige completely ignored him as she walked by and took her seat. She seemed more than pissed. It looked like she was about to commit a homicide at any second. Her mouth was in a hard line, and her face was tight. It was really intimidating. Jason squirmed in his seat. I couldn’t help but comfort him. I rubbed his shoulder, and the next thing I knew some guy stormed into the classroom. I’d never seen him before. He rushed over to our table.
“You stole my wallet!” he yelled, pointing at me. Everyone in class, including Ms. Jones was watching.
“You have me mistaken for someone else. I don’t have your wallet.”
“Yes, it was you. You have it.” The dude insisted.
“No, I don’t!” Was Ms. Jones going to sit there and let this guy yell at me, making false accusations, and disturbing her class? The crazed guy grabbed me, slung me across the desk, and started choking me.
Stunned, I glanced at Jason frantically for help, but he just sat there. How could he not help while this madman was strangling me? I couldn’t breathe, but I continued to struggle against him. I managed to scream, and then the guy vanished into thin air.
Everyone in class jumped at my plea for help, glancing at me in alarm. What the hell! Was I in the Twilight Zone? I couldn’t have imagined that—it seemed so real. I was breathing heavily, and my heart was pounding. Maybe I had fallen asleep.
“Melanie, are you all right?” Mrs. Jones asked.
“Yes, um … yes. I think so, Mrs. Jones. I don’t know what happened. I must have fallen asleep.”
“Am I boring you with my lecture?”
“No, of course not, Mrs. Jones. Please continue.” She continued class, and Jason rubbed my shoulder.
“Are you okay?” he whispered.
“I’m fine,” I lied, trying to get my bearings. I couldn’t concentrate, so I doodled in my notebook. The bell finally rang for class to end. Paige left quickly.
“Are you sure you’re all right?” Jason asked again.
“Yep, I’m okay now. I’ll talk with you later.” I sped out the door before he could question me further. I was still shaken from my day mare. It didn’t feel as if I’d fallen asleep, but there wasn’t another explanation. I didn’t want to talk to Jason about it, either. His mixed emotions were not going to make me feel any better.

* * *

It seemed like Jason and I were good friends instead of a couple now. He hadn’t kissed or even hugged me since Paige started at Cashmere. At first, I thought something was going on between them. She was always with Harmony, but she hadn’t even as much as made eye contact with Jason for the last couple of weeks. Then she began riding to and from school with them again, although I still didn’t see them talking with one another. I had given Jason space, but it backfired and we’d grown further apart. He owed me some sort of explanation, or he needed to let me go. The thought of us not being together was painful and depressing, but our relationship couldn’t continue this way.
I lay in bed, remembering the last time we’d made love in January. It had been so intense. I missed the passion we shared. I glanced over at the nightstand. I had put the two pictures we’d taken at the mall over Christmas break in a silver double-heart frame. In the photo, we were both gazing at each other and laughing. We were so far from that point now, and I had to fight back the tears. I would give him another week or so, and then demand answers.

* * *

The next day at school I was on my way to class when Ebony ran up to me. “I need to talk to you now!”
“What happened?”
“Let’s go to the restroom.” She pulled me by my arm. We went inside the bathroom, and she waited for two girls to leave. “Have you seen Jason today?” Ebony asked, crossing her arms.
“No, I haven’t seen him since first period.”
“Well, he just had a confrontation with Kelvin over Paige.”
“What!”
“Kelvin was talking to her, then Jason came in between them and got in Kelvin’s face. He was sneering at Kelvin. I thought he was going to punch him.”
“Are you serious?” I placed my hand against my forehead, trying to process this. My first instincts were right about him and Paige.
“Yes, I’m sorry, Mel.”
“So what happened after that?”
“Kelvin backed down. Jason grabbed Paige by the arm, and they walked off together.”
“I can’t believe this!”
“Are they talking? I always see her with Harmony, but this is the first time I’ve seen them talk to each other.”
“I’m not sure if they’re talking, but this proves that something is going on between them. He owes me an explanation.”
“He sure does. You need to just dump his ass! I hate the way he’s been acting toward you lately.”
“Easier said than done. I’m in love with him, Ebony.”
“I know honey, but he can’t keep treating you like this. I love you, and I don’t like to see you hurting.”
“Ah, Ebony. I love you, also. But I’ve given a lot of time to this relationship over the last few months. I have to at least try to find out what’s going on. I need closure.”
“You’re right. I hope he has a damn good explanation,” she said, embracing me.
“I hope so, too.” I hugged her tightly.
I was fuming the entire fourth period. I decided to act like I’d seen the confrontation myself. I texted him.
I saw you confront Kelvin and walk off with Paige!
He texted me back after a few minutes: I promise we’ll talk about it after class.
Ugh, no apology or anything. Maybe I needed to just end it. My chest contracted with a sharp pain. Could I really break up with him? Love was cruel and made you vulnerable. I had never been a weak person before. I hated this. My mind was in turmoil for the rest of the period.
Jason was waiting for me at the door after class. “I’m sorry you saw that, but I needed to speak with Paige about something important.”
“So that’s why you looked like you were about to punch Kelvin?”
“He was being rude.”
“Really? So what’s going on with you and Paige?”
Jaden came up behind us, making me jump. “Sorry to interrupt, but I really need to talk to you, bro.”
“Can it wait?” Jason asked.
“No, it can’t.”
“We’ll continue this conversation later, okay.”
“Whatever,” I replied, and walked away. There were a lot of important things to discuss today, apparently. It seemed like I was the only one being left in the dark.
Mentally exhausted after my shift, I saw I had a missed call from Jason. I wasn’t going to return his call. I didn’t feel like crying again. I’d been crying all afternoon. It was only a matter of time before I lost him. I was going to prepare myself for the worst. At this point I didn’t think things would ever be the same.


Chapter 8


A couple more weeks had passed and it was mid-March. Harmony was giving Jaden a birthday party on Friday at their house. I wasn’t going—not that Jason had even bothered to invite me. We’d only spoken casually during school and sometimes over the phone. He never gave me a full explanation about the Kelvin showdown. It was like he was beating around the bush, waiting to see if I would break it off. My stupid heart wouldn’t allow me to. The four of them were always together at school. Jason and Paige always talked now. She wasn’t ignoring him anymore, and it was obvious she had feelings for him. He seemed into her, also.
Why was Jason dragging our relationship on, if he wanted to be with her?
Ebony sat next to me at lunch. “Are you going to Jaden’s party?”
“No, are you?”
“Of course. Scott and I aren’t together anymore. I still care about Jaden. I’ve been hoping ever since January when we went to the movies together that we could work things out. He says he cares about me, but it’s best if we are just friends. But I’m not giving up. I want you to come to the party with me. Jason has been playing games, but screw him. Get dressed up and flirt with other guys, teach him a lesson.”
“I’m not sure that’s a good idea. He has a lot of family drama going on.”
“Bullshit! What does Paige have to do with his family problems? I see them talking all the time now. I wish you would dump him.”
Ebony was right. What did Paige have to do with his issues? Why could he talk to her, but not me? I needed to get out of this fantasy bubble I was in to protect my heart.
“You’re going to the party. So fix yourself up.”

* * *

There were several people at the party. Unfortunately, but not surprisingly, Paige was there. She looked beautiful as usual. She had straightened out her natural waves. Her hair was so silky and vibrant. Jason had been polite when we’d arrived—chatting with me and Ebony for a while, then he went to mingle with his friends.
As the night went on, I noticed Jason couldn’t keep his eyes off of Paige. I disliked her even more, but I was starting to hate him. I’d had enough! Jason was talking to guys from school and he looked my direction. I shot daggers at him, and then stormed off to leave.
“Melanie, wait,” he said, following me.
I spun around. “It’s obvious you have feelings for Paige. I see the way you look at her. I don’t know what kind of games you’re playing, but I’m tired of it. I’m not going to continue to let you treat me like this.” He tried to grab my hand, and I jerked away.
“I’m not playing games.”
“You need to decide right now what you want!”
“We need to talk. I know things have been awkward. I’ll call you tomorrow to see when a good time will be to come by. I have to discuss somethings with you.” His brow furrowed.
“Fine, whatever.” Jason was going to officially break things off. About time he manned up. But I couldn’t think about that at the moment, or I would crumble.
When I got home, I prepared myself for bed. A little while later, my cell phone rang. “Hello,” I answered Ebony’s call.
“That bastard! I told you to dump his ass!” Ebony started rambling a hundred miles per minute.
“Hold on, slow down. What happened?”
“Jason came into the family room with Paige. She grabbed his hand, and the asshole intertwined his fingers with hers. Then he told Harmony that he was taking her home and they left together.”
I held the phone in silence—shocked speechless about what Ebony had told me. This was it, our relationship was over. I thought Jason would have enough respect for me to end it before he paraded around with someone else. He was definitely not the person I’d thought he was. But then again, Jason didn’t know who he really was.
“Did you hear what I just said?”
I finally found my voice. “Yeah … I heard you.”
“Please tell me you’re not going to continue to talk to him.”
“I’m going to demand an explanation, but it’s obvious that it is over between us,” I said, my voice shaking.
“Are you going to be all right? Do you want me to come over?”
“No, I’m tired. Thank you for telling me. I’ll call you tomorrow.”
“Let me know if you need anything.”
“I will.”
As the seconds went by, I got angrier. Jason was a bastard. If he loved me, as he used to tell me all the time, then he should have let me go before he started another relationship. I wasn’t going to call him until the morning. I couldn’t sleep, tossing and turning all night. It sucked to have a broken heart.
In the morning, I called him early to get it over with. He was going to talk to me today, even if I had to go over there. I’d called him several times that morning, and he didn’t answer. I was livid by the time Jason returned my call that afternoon. I answered the phone, but only held it in silence.
He heard my breathing. “Melanie, can I come over, so we can discuss this?”
“What time?”
“Around four o’clock, if it’s a good time for you?”
“All right,” I replied, hanging up in his face.
I fixed myself up before he got there, even applied make-up. I wasn’t about to let him see me moping around. I’d been so angry after I had talked to Ebony last night, I hadn’t even cried. So at least my eyes were not puffy. I put on jeans and a casual dark-blue shirt with my blue Vans. I was adding on perfume when Jason texted, saying he was on his way. My stomach took a nosedive. I inhaled deeply to calm my nerves. I’d promised myself I was going to keep it together—not let him see me crumble.
Jason rang the doorbell around ten minutes later. I opened the door slowly. Wrinkles lined his forehead. He looked gorgeous but sad.
“May I come in?” he asked, not meeting my eyes. I let him in silently. He eased inside, and then finally stared me in the eye. “You look nice.”
I snorted, refusing to comment. Jason sighed. I went into the family room and he followed me. I took a seat on the sofa—he sat across from me.
“I owe you an explanation,” Jason started.
“Damn straight you do!”
“I want you to know I never meant to hurt you.”
My anger subsided, and the pain surfaced in my heart. He was cutting straight to the point. “You should have just told me if you had feelings for someone else.”
“I know … I’m sorry I dragged it out for so long. It was just hard to let you go.”
Tears came to my eyes. I struggled to hold them at bay. What was Jason talking about—it was hard to let me go? He didn’t have a problem holding another woman’s hand in front of everyone before he broke up with me.
“What does that have to do with you holding hands with Paige?”
“It’s really complicated.”
“You’ve said that before, but it’s no excuse for your actions.”
His face contorted and tears sprang to his eyes as well. He quickly wiped them away, and took a deep breath. Jason must care about me if he was crying. “We can’t continue our relationship. I’m sorry.”
I couldn’t contain my tears any longer. I hated he was seeing me fall apart.
“Please don’t cry. It’s killing me that you’re in pain.”
“None of this makes any sense. Everything was great between us until the end of January, when you started to become distant. Over Christmas break, we were discussing our future together and when we went to college. It’s so easy for you to break up with me.”
“It’s not easy. That’s what I’m trying to explain.”
“So what happened then? We were so happy a few months ago.”
He raked his hand through his hair, exasperated. “I know none of this makes sense. This is not fair to you, but we’re just not meant to be together.”
“This is your explanation!” I yelled, and he flinched.
Jason’s face faltered. “Honestly, the less that you know the safer you’ll probably be.”
“Did you find out that you’re in the mafia? Why would telling me the truth put me in danger?”
“I can’t say Mel, and knowing the facts would only make things worse. I hate that you and I have been put in this situation.”
“So that’s it’s, that is all you have to say?”
Jason placed his head into his palm, leaning against his elbow. He looked just as torn up about this as me, but he didn’t offer any other explanation. I could feel my control slipping. I was about to break down into sobs. Over Christmas break he’d said he could see us being married. Jason also said he would be willing to relocate to Australia with me, if I wanted to pursue my acting career there. We just couldn’t be together and it was too dangerous was not an acceptable reason. What kind of crap was this? Fury consumed me and I wanted him to leave. This was not the man I had fallen in love with.
“Please leave.”
“Melanie, please.…”
I cut him off. “Just leave!”
“Please don’t hate me.”
I stood up, outraged. Finally, he rose from the sofa. I walked swiftly to the front door, keeping my eyes down. I couldn’t bear to look at him.
Before Jason left, he tried to talk to me again. “Mel, I don’t want this to end on a bad note. Please tell me that you can forgive me?”
What did he expect, for us to be friends? I slammed the door in his face, and then I went upstairs as the tears continued to flow down my cheeks. I lie across my bed, feeling numb. I waited for the sobs to come, but they didn’t. I felt so vacant, like I didn’t even have a heart anymore, but a hole in its place. As time passed, I became angry again. Jason hadn’t even tried to explain things to me, besides saying his famous line “it was complicated”. I wanted answers—deserved them. I was going to go over to his house and force him to explain.
When I arrived, I rang the doorbell. Jason answered the door. His eyes dilated. “Melanie, what are you doing here?”
“I deserve a better explanation, other than the one you gave me, and I’m not leaving until I get it.”
His forehead wrinkled, and he stumbled over his words. “It’s hard to explain. The truth is farfetched and you probably wouldn’t believe me. It’s difficult for me to even wrap my head around. It’s not that I don’t care for you. We just can’t be together anymore.”
What did he mean? Did he take me for an idiot? Maybe if he at least tried to explain the situation then I could understand. Jason had the door halfway open, and then I saw Paige, standing behind him in the living room. I gasped. He had just left my house an hour ago, and she was already there. He definitely was lying about it being hard to let me go.
Paige had her fists balled at her side. I was really livid now and wanted a piece of her for taking him from me. “She’s here!” I pushed my way past him. “You will not take him from me!” I yelled, making my way toward her.
“He was never yours to take. He’s always been mine!” Paige shouted back.
“The hell he has! Jason’s been mine for several months, and he has shared his body with me completely!” Paige’s eyes grew wide. Oh, she was irate by that statement. Good! I’d said it on purpose to piss her off.
Her nostrils flared. “You don’t know who you’re messing with, human! I am going to knock your ass into the middle of next week!”
Human? Who the hell did Paige think she was talking to, as if she were above me?
“Oh, Lord,” Harmony said, grabbing Paige’s arm, trying to hold her back.
I approached her quickly. Jason grabbed my arm, but I yanked it away. Jason yelled, “Melanie, stop!” but I didn’t listen.
Drawing my arm back, I punched Paige as hard as I could in her face. Her eyes narrowed and her mouth gaped. Acting this way was so out of my character. I hated conflict or even to argue. I’d never hit anyone in my life, but she deserved it. She had come into our lives and ruined them.
Anger continued to fuel through me, and I went at Paige again. Harmony let her arm go, falling to the floor. She appeared to be in pain, clasping her head. I tried to punch Paige, but she caught my fist midair and twisted it behind my back. I struggled against her, but I couldn’t get out of her grasp. Damn, she was so much stronger than me, considering we were the same size. Paige put me in a headlock and punched me repeatedly. I fought with all my might, trying to pull away, but she wouldn’t budge. It took both Jason and Jaden to get her off of me. Harmony grabbed Paige, and Jason let her go. I was now embarrassed that she had kicked my ass, so I went at her again.
“Oh, you’re coming back for more? You must want your ass kicked again!” Paige yelled.
“I’m just getting warmed up!” I screamed.
“Get her out of here!” Jaden shouted.
Jason lifted me up from behind. My feet came off the ground kicking as I struggled against him. It didn’t do any good. He was too strong. He pulled me through the front door.
“Put me down!” Jason placed me back on the ground, but kept his arms wrapped tightly around me. “Let me go!”
“I will, but don’t try to go back in there. This is all my fault, but I don’t want either of you getting hurt.”
“I am not going back inside. I’m leaving, but you’re right. This is your fault!” I stormed to my car, and he followed me.
“Wait!” he begged.
I whirled around, glaring at him. I was so done with him. There was no reason to embarrass myself further. “What!”
“I never meant for this to happen.”
“Well, you should’ve said something before you started dating Paige instead of talking to both of us at the same time.”
“That’s not what happened.”
“Bullshit!”
“This situation is more complex than you think.”
I cut him off. “Oh, enough with the “it’s complicated” garbage. Take your complication and shove it up your ass! Jason, you’re not the person I thought you were.” I shrugged. “But then again, you don’t know who you really are. Maybe this is your true self—a two-timing swagman!”
Jason stood there, clearly appalled—his mouth was hanging open. It was a low blow, to bring his amnesia up, but I was tired of his excuses. I’d have more respect for him if he just admitted to beginning another relationship while he was still involved with me. But he refused.
“I don’t want us to be enemies.”
I opened my car door. “Stay away from me, Jason. You got it.”
My bluntness shocked him, his face crumpled. Speaking to someone in this manner was not how I spoke to people. But I’d never been this angry in my life. I sped off like a bat out of hell, proud I hadn’t cried in front of him again. Hopefully, I could survive the next two months, then I would never have to see him again.
Ebony had been blowing up my cell for the past twenty minutes, and then she called again. “Hello,” I answered, my voice shaking.
“Are you all right? What happened?”
“I’m heading home now.”
“I thought Jason was coming over to your house.”
“He did, and then I went to his house. Paige was over there, and we got into a huge brawl.”
“What the hell!”
“It’s a long story.”
“I’m coming over.”
Ebony got there five minutes after me. She rushed inside. “Tell me everything! I’m trying to understand how you ended up at his house and in a fight.”
We sat down on the bed. I took a deep breath. “Jason came over and broke it off. He claims he cares about me, and it was hard to let me go, but we couldn’t be together anymore.
“What was his reason? I’m sure it’s because of Paige.”
“That’s obviously the reason, but he won’t admit it. He keeps saying ‘it’s complicated.’”
“What a smug asshole!”
“Jason wasn’t being smug. He was actually holding back tears.”
“That’s weird.” Ebony’s brow furrowed.
“None of it makes any sense.”
“Well, what did he say about holding Paige’s hand at the party?”
“He didn’t give an explanation. I told him point blank that he should’ve ended it with me if he had feelings for her. When I questioned him further, he said it was dangerous for us to be together.”
Ebony grew angry again. “He’s unbelievable!”
“I was pissed that Jason wouldn’t give me a better explanation, too, so I told him to leave. He continued to try to talk, but I slammed the door in his face.”
“Good for you. So what happened next?”
“The more I thought about it, the angrier I got. I decided to go over there to confront him. Jason answered the door. We were talking in the doorway when I saw Paige standing in the living room, and then I lost it.”
“I can’t believe she was already over there.”
       “Me, neither.”
“The sleaze ball doesn’t waste any time. How did you guys start fighting?”
“I pushed my way past him. Paige and I were both yelling, talking smack. I’m not sure what came over me, but I punched her.”
“I can’t picture you fighting. You’re so sweet and timid.”
“I wasn’t tonight. We threw down. Jason, Harmony, and Jaden had to break us up.” I left out the part about her kicking my ass.
“Did you leave after they broke up the fight?”
“Jason had to pick me up and carry me out because I was trying to hit her again.”
“Wow, you’re a pistol when you get fired up.”
“I’ve never had a fight before, but I have never been so angry. Jason followed me to my car, then I ripped him a new asshole—told him he was a two-timing tramp!”
“I’m so proud of you. He deserves a lot worse.”
“I know, but it hurts, Ebony. I wouldn’t wish this pain on my worst enemy. I’m never falling in love again,” I whimpered and started sobbing. I couldn’t hold it in any longer. She pulled me into her arms. I hugged her tightly.
“It will be all right. We will get through this together.”


Chapter 9


I dreaded school on Monday. I’d already seen Jason and Paige walking together twice. There was no way I was sitting next to him in class. When I got to fifth period, Adam was sitting in the front row. I approached him.
“Hey, Adam.”
“Hi, Melanie. What’s up?”
“I was wondering if you would mind switching seats with me.”
“Um, I guess so. Is something wrong?”
“Yes … but I really don’t want to talk about it. Can you do me this favor, please?”
“Yeah, sure.”
“Thank you.”
Adam went to my seat, and I sat down in his. People started coming into class. Jason and Paige walked in together a few minutes later. I could feel them staring at me, but I completely ignored them. She strolled to her seat by Harmony, and he sat by Adam. I let out the breath that I hadn’t even realized I was holding.

* * *

The rest of the week went by slowly. Paige and Jason were always together. They walked in the halls holding hands. I tried my best to avoid them, and I’d only passed by Paige one time. We’d made eye contact, but I looked away quickly. I knew Jason’s schedule, so I managed not to run into him, thank goodness.
Acting was my forte, so I was able to keep a smile on my face as I interacted with people. I moped around all weekend when I wasn’t at work. My mom had asked me what was wrong, but I told her everything was fine. I’d have to tell her eventually, but wasn’t ready yet.
I was proud of myself for holding my shoulders high, because I’d been keeping it together in public. That all changed the following Tuesday morning. I rushed up the stairs, hurrying to class before the tardy bell. The stairwell looked empty until I cut the corner and ran into them. In their own world, they only saw each other. Jason hugged Paige tightly, and then he gazed into her eyes, as if she were the only woman on Earth. My stomach roiled. He used to look at me that way. Deciding it wasn’t enough to just admire Paige, he grabbed her face, kissing her very passionately—a no-holds-barred kiss. Frozen in place, I stood there gaping at them.
Unable to stomach anymore, I turned away, high-tailing it to the bathroom. I hated to cry in school, but I couldn’t stop the tears from falling. I splashed water on my face. Pull yourself together, Melanie. That asshole is not worth it, I chastised.
I felt like an empty shell on the inside, but I kept my composure on the outside for the next few days. Ebony was irate about the entire situation, but I told her to leave it alone. It was over between us. I had to find a way to go on with my life.

* * *

On Thursday night I finally fell asleep after tossing and turning. My sleep was restless with another very disturbing nightmare. Jason, his siblings, and Paige were in trouble. They were being pursued by men in suits, maybe FBI agents. The agents were firing their weapons at them, and then they started fighting in hand-to-hand combat. I stood back as if I were watching a movie. The dream felt so real, I couldn’t go back to sleep afterward.
The next morning as I got ready for school, the dream was still bothering me. My intuition screamed something wasn’t right. It nagged at me so bad—I decided I’d speak with Jason about it today. Just to make sure everything was okay. An uneasy feeling bubbled in my gut that I couldn’t shake. I chickened out of talking to him at school because I wanted to talk to him alone. That was impossible—Paige and he were together every second. I thought about calling him on the phone, but I just decided to speak to him face to face.
Hoping that I wouldn’t royally regret this, I headed to his house just after dark. There was a good chance Paige would be there, but I would just ask him to step outside if that was the case. I couldn’t shake the nightmare and I wanted to hear Jason tell me himself he was all right. Even though he’d broken my heart, I didn’t want anything bad to happen to him. I didn’t think we could ever be friends, either, but I hated that we were in such an awful place.
When I arrived to his house, I spotted Jason, his siblings, and Paige at a car. They were all carrying backpacks—putting their things into the trunk. Where were they going? I pulled to the other side of the road so they wouldn’t see me. They got into the car and drove off. My curiosity got the best of me, so I followed them. They stopped at a restaurant down the street. Not long after, a man came out. He wore glasses, and he looked to be in his forties. The man got into the driver’s seat. Jason climbed into the back with Harmony and Paige.
I continued to follow them, making sure I stayed far enough behind so they wouldn’t notice me. The distance stretched out until there were no cars between us. I had to turn my headlights off, which was a scary way to drive. They were going to Boulder, but I had no idea where.
Finally, they turned off the main street, and then pulled onto the side of the road. I didn’t have a clue where we were. How strange for them to be out there in the middle of nowhere. More importantly, why were they there? Some sort of building loomed in the distance. The gang got out of the car, and Harmony hugged the man. Jaden and Jason shook his hand. Paige hugged him next, and they talked for a moment. Afterward, they walked away, heading toward the building. The guy got back into the car and waited, but he didn’t start the car.
Uncertain of what to do, I waited in my car also, beyond perplexed. Was my dream turning into reality? Ten minutes went by, and I couldn’t take the suspense any longer. I climbed out of my car and crept over to his. The man didn’t notice me approach because it was so dark. There were hardly any lights anywhere. I tapped on the window. He jumped, clutching his chest. Regaining his composure, he rolled down the window.
“Hi, sorry. I didn’t mean to startle you. I’ll cut straight to the chase. I’m Melanie, and I followed you here.”
His mouth hung open. “You are Jason’s, Melanie?”
“Um … yep.” This was a surprise.
“I’m Mr. Galvan. Can you please get inside the car while we wait?”
“Wait for what?” I asked as I got into the passenger’s seat. “Mr. Galvan, what’s going on? Where did Jason go?”
“Just sit tight for a moment. I’m doing surveillance. This is a CIA base. Let’s see what happens first.”
Surveillance? Damn it! What had I gotten my nosy ass into? We waited for another twenty minutes or so, and then I heard Jason’s voice come in over the walkie-talkie Mr. Galvan was holding.
“Mr. Galvan, we made it, and our ship is intact. We’re getting ready to leave now.”
His ship? What was Jason rambling about?
“That’s good news, but we have a problem. Melanie is here. She’s sitting in the car with me. What do you want me to tell her?”
There was a brief pause. “Meet us at City Park in Denver in one hour,” Jason replied.
“All right, we’ll be there.”
“Mr. Galvan, can you please fill me in on what is happening?”
“I’ll let him explain things to you since he wants us to meet him. Let’s head back to Denver. You can follow me.”
I wanted to push him for more answers, but decided I’d wait until I saw Jason. He had sounded stressed over the walkie-talkie. This situation had me stumped. It floored me why they were at a CIA base in the first place. The best thing to do was to follow Mr. Galvan—speak with Jason myself, so I could get some sort of answers.
We drove to City Park, which was on the outskirts of the city. My heart was beating fast, and my stomach was in knots. Something strange was going on, and I was scared about the answers I might get. I parked beside Mr. Galvan. We both got out of our vehicles.
“It’s so dark out here,” I stated.
“It’s probably why he wanted to meet here, because it’s more private.”
A few minutes later, I spotted Jason walking from among the trees. Where had he come from?
“I’ll give you two some privacy,” Mr. Galvan said, getting back into his car.
Jason came over to me. “Melanie, you shouldn’t have followed us. Now you have put yourself at risk. Why did you?”
“Well, I didn’t plan on it. I came by to your house tonight to talk to you because I had a horrible nightmare last night about you and your siblings.”
“A nightmare?”
I nodded. “In my dream, you guys were in trouble, and then you started fighting men in suits. They looked like FBI agents. I woke up in a sweat, and I couldn’t shake the nightmare all day. I just wanted to come by to make sure you were all right. When I pulled up, you were leaving. My curiosity won out, so I followed you. Then I find out that you really are involved in some kind of CIA scandal.”
“That’s interesting you had a nightmare about that. I wonder if you have premonition.”
“Premonition? What do you mean? Jason, can you please explain what’s going on?”
“I will, but I don’t have time to explain everything. They are probably following us.”
“Who, the CIA?”
“Yes....” He blew out his breath. “Look, I don’t know if you will even believe me, but what I tell you will be the truth. You deserve to know, and I trust you. But I hate you have been dragged into this because it’s dangerous. After we talk, I want you to leave with Mr. Galvan. I am going to see if he can watch over you for me.”
“You’re scaring me. What’s so horrible that involves the CIA?”
“I’m not from here, Melanie. My siblings are not either.”
“What do you mean? Like you were born in another country?”
“No, I was born a lot farther away than that. We are not from this planet, Melanie.”
Did he think I was an idiot? Not from this world, I wasn’t buying it. I thought he might finally tell me the truth, but I was wrong.
“Yeah, right, Jason. Look, if you don’t want to tell me what’s really going on, fine, but you don’t have to make up a ludicrous story.”
“You wanted answers, and I’m trying to give them to you. I know this might be hard to believe, but I’m not making this up. You can talk to Mr. Galvan and confirm things with him. But this is serious, Melanie. Why would we be at a CIA base? What would make them so interested in me?”
He did have a point. I needed to listen to him. Jason didn’t seem like he was joking. “I’m sorry. Please continue.”
“You know I had amnesia. I got my memory back. My real name is Bryan.”
“Bryan?”
“Yes, that’s my birth name. We all have retrieved our memories, and now we have to get back home. Our planet is at war.”
“This is a lot to take in. I’m trying to understand. Why did you come to Earth?”
“I can’t explain all of those details. But our ship crashed here and we lost our memories.”
“So you’re not human?”
“No, I’m not.”
So aliens really did exist. They were nothing like how the books and movies portrayed them. He was gorgeous and appeared human. “But you seem human … mostly.”
“We’re very similar to humans, but there are some differences. Our hearing is better. We’re physically a lot stronger, and we live a lot longer than humans do.”
Now that he had revealed who he really was, all of the supernatural elements about him made sense—all the things I couldn’t explain, but was too scared of what I might find out to evaluate them further. The time his sister was in the kitchen, and the plates moved by themselves. His strange dream when he’d spoken in another language—the toaster melting.
Now it made sense why his brother had said they shouldn’t get close to the people they cared about, and having a greater purpose. These things were all bread crumbs leading to the truth about who they really were.
“I am still wondering, Jason, I mean Bryan, how does Paige fit into all of this? It seems like in one day you were in love with her. You said that you loved me. I just don’t understand how you moved on so quickly. Did you ever really care about me?”
“Of course I care about you, Melanie. Do you think I would be out here explaining things to you if I didn’t?”
“No, I guess not. So Paige is from your past?”
He took a deep breath. “Yes, she is from my past, she’s my … I’m married.”
This was fucking unbelievable! It definitely threw me for a loop. “Married?”
“Yes. I have been for some time.”
“Paige, is your long lost wife?”
He nodded. “Her real name is Shiray.”
This was too much to digest. Now I understood why she’d said he was never mine to take. “Why are you telling me this? You didn’t have to tell me the truth.”
“After everything that’s gone down, I thought you should know.”
“How did you get your memory back?”
“Mr. Galvan is a psychologist. He put us all under hypnosis. Shiray was put under first since he was her teacher. She was separated from us during the crash. She came to find us once she remembered.”
“So once you remembered, then you realized that she was your wife?”
“Umm … yes.”
“This is really weird.”
“I know, but that’s the reason I had to let you go. I’m not a bad person.”
“Well, at least I have those pictures we took together. I can always remember you. I’m sure I’ll never see you again, if what you are telling me is true.”
“No, I don’t think we’ll ever see each other again. Do you believe me?”
The thought of never seeing him again was painful, but I had to keep my emotions in check. “I’m trying to. If you weren’t married, could things have ever worked between us?” It was a stupid question, what did it matter? He was married. He wasn’t even human, and was from another planet, but I still wanted to know.
Jason/Bryan hesitated, and then he leaned in closer to me. “I am married, Melanie, and I can’t imagine not being. I care a lot about you, but I don’t belong to this world. My soul belongs to someone else. You’re a lovely woman, and you will find someone who is worthy of your love.”
Wow, he was really humble. I always wondered what would happen if Jason ever got his memory back—if he’d loved another woman in his past. I never factored into the equation that he might’ve been married.
“I can’t imagine finding someone who could even come close to your standards,” I said, my voice cracking. Tears started to fall from my eyes. I quickly wiped them away.
“But you will find someone. You are pure and have such a good heart. Please don’t cry. I’m sorry I hurt you.”
“You didn’t do it on purpose. This is a really bizarre situation.”
“You’re right. I wish I had more time to explain, but I must go now.”
I didn’t want him to leave, knowing I would never see him again, but there was nothing I could do. “I will keep your secret, and your existence safe Bryan.”
“Thank you. I also think you will be safe if you don’t share this with anyone. I’ll speak with Mr. Galvan. I want him to stay in contact with you.
“I’m not going to tell anyone, so don’t worry. It’s not like they would believe me anyway.”
“Look into the breakage between the trees over there to the right. In a few minutes you’ll see a beam of light, then a sparkle of light moving across the sky. That will be my ship.”
“Your ship? As in spaceship?”
“Yes, that’s why we were at the CIA base. They had our ship.”
“Oooo-K,” I replied, shaking my head in disbelief.
“You’ll see for yourself. Just look into the sky.”
“I will.” I shifted my weight. “Despite how things have turned out between us, and even if you’re not human, which I am still having a hard time believing, I still love you. I just wanted you to know that.”
The last time we’d spoken it was a horrible conversation. If this was the last time I’d see him, then I wanted him to know I forgave him. Surprisingly, he pulled me into his embrace, hugging me tightly. I hugged him back.
“I will always care about you, Melanie.”
He pulled away, grabbed my hand, and we walked toward Mr. Galvan’s car. I saw a beam of bright white light in the breakage of the trees shoot from the sky, down to the ground. The light hit the ground only for a moment, and then it disappeared back into the sky.
I gasped. “Is that the light you were talking about?”
His breath caught. “Yes, that’s the light I was explaining.” His forehead wrinkled, but he didn’t elaborate further. “Mr. Galvan, I’ve briefly explained things to Melanie. Would it be too much to ask for you to look after her now? I hate you both have been thrown into this.”
Mr. Galvan nodded. “I will watch over her, Bryan.”
“Thank you again, Mr. Galvan. I have to go now. Take care of yourself, Mel,” he said, squeezing my hand.
He gave me a heartfelt smile, which I returned. “Goodbye, Bryan.” Our eyes locked for a moment longer, saying a silent farewell, then he walked toward the break in the trees.
A few seconds later, I saw the bright light again. It shot to the ground, and then disappeared. Shortly after that another bright, white light flew seamlessly through the black sky. It looked like a comet. Mr. Galvan and I both glanced at the sky until the light vanished.
“Well, I guess I have no choice but to believe him now.”
Mr. Galvan laughed. “I know what you mean. It was hard for me to believe at first.”
“You’ve known about them for a while?”
“Since January. It’s nice to finally have someone to talk to about it. Let me give you my card. Call me tomorrow so we can chat. I don’t want to stay out here any longer, in case the CIA is following us.” He handed me his card. “May I have your number? I gave Bryan my word that I would look after you.” I wrote my number down for him. “I’ll follow you home to make sure everything is sound.”
“Thank you. I appreciate it.”
The drive home seemed endless. I kept looking from side to side, paranoid we were being followed. I was grateful once we drove up to my house. I pulled into my driveway and waved goodbye to Mr. Galvan as I went inside. He was a nice person to help Bryan and his family. Not to mention, making sure I made it home safely.
I was still processing everything as I lay in bed. Hopefully, I would get a better understanding once I spoke with Mr. Galvan. After tossing and turning for hours, I finally fell asleep. All I’d come up with was that I had fallen in love with an alien. How insane.

* * *

I sipped on a latte, waiting for Mr. Galvan at the coffee shop across the street from my job. I’d only gotten a few hours of sleep—restless for answers. He arrived shortly after me, coming over to the table.
“Hello, Melanie. May I sit down?”
“Of course.”
“I’m sure you have several questions.”
“Yep, I do. I’m still trying to process it.”
“I bet. It’s hard to wrap your head around.”
“Did you know about me and Jason, I mean, Bryan?”
“Yes, I knew about you. Shiray told me, but not in great detail. It was a sensitive topic.”
“I imagine it was.”
“Why don’t I just start from the beginning and tell you everything that happened.”
“That would be great.”
Once he finished explaining, things made a lot more sense. After Shiray had gone under hypnosis, she ended up confiding in Mr. Galvan. He vowed to help her. Harmony and Jaden went under next—regaining their memories after the first time like Shiray’s had. For whatever reason, it took several hypnosis sessions for Bryan to get his memory back.
“I’m trying to keep a positive aspect about the situation. We’re probably the only two people, besides the CIA who have had a true encounter with an extraterrestrial being,” Mr. Galvan stated.
“I guess you’re right.” He beamed at me ruefully. “Do you think they made it home safely?”
“I’m positive they will.”
“What about the CIA?”
“We’re probably on the CIA’s radar. Hopefully, they did not see us, but we need to keep our eyes open. I want us to stay in contact, if that’s okay with you.”
“I agree. I would feel better if we keep in touch.”
“I’ll protect you as best I can. If you feel anything is out of the ordinary, please call me immediately.”
“I will. It’s good I have you to consult with about this. Even if I told my best friend, and she believed me, I wouldn’t want to drag her into this.”
“I’m glad to finally have someone to talk to, also. I’ll call you tomorrow to make sure all is well.”
“Thank you, Mr. Galvan. I need to get to work anyway.”
“I will walk you out.”

* * *

That night I lay in bed feeling more at ease. I’d texted Mr. Galvan to let him know I made it in safely. He texted back, saying he’d call me tomorrow. I had a feeling we were going to be great friends. Now I needed to find a way to go on with my life, to face the fact that I would never see him again. I’d learned so much in the past twenty-four hours. I was still having a hard time believing it was real. Another concern was the CIA. Hopefully they would leave us alone—better yet, maybe they hadn’t even seen us. I couldn’t give them any answers anyway. I barely understood it myself.
I put the photos of Jason—no, of Bryan and me inside my dresser drawer. It was hard calling him by his real name after calling him Jason for so long. I actually liked the name Bryan better. Now knowing the truth, I understood what he’d meant when he said it’s a complex situation. It also made it harder because I couldn’t hate him, and my heart was pained. Anger was an easier emotion than loss. Finding out he did love me, but due to his amnesia had forgotten he was married—was hard to wrap my head around. What a crazy concept! Without the anger, and now understanding why he had to let me go brought my feelings back full force. Sadly, I felt more in love with him. Maybe because deep down, I knew he was lost to me forever. Knowing I’d never see him again was almost too much to bear.
People would probably be speculating why they were not in school. If I hadn’t followed them I wouldn’t have had a clue why they disappeared. I was glad I’d followed my instincts. Doing so gave me some answers. In time, maybe I would be able to think about him and it not sting. For now, I’d try my best not to—just take it one day at a time.




Part II


Chapter 10


After Bryan and his family left, I hardly knew what to do with myself. I got through the rest of my senior year on autopilot, going to class, and working. Ebony was wonderful, but I couldn’t tell her what really happened. Instead, I talked to Mr. Galvan. He was the one I told about my troubles. My parents found out a few weeks later because we attended the same church. Their foster parents shared the news with church members and the word spread. They’d left their foster family a note thanking them for all they had done. In the letter, they also told them that they had regained their memories and returned home—the vague truth in a nutshell.
My anxiety was getting the best of me, causing me to have insomnia. When I did sleep, I had nightmares about the CIA capturing and strapping me down in an interrogation room. I’d wake up screaming. My mom demanded I see a psychologist. I’d told my parents the school recommended Mr. Galvan. I think that’s what saved me.
I tried not to think about my senior year, never allowing myself to say his name. My heart had been broken into a million pieces. Once I’d found out the truth, it helped me to accept that it wasn’t meant for us to be together. But it brought on a new set of issues. I wasn’t sure if the CIA were aware of Mr. Galvan and me, it just felt like I was being watched. We’d interacted with extraterrestrial beings, and that would be of high importance to them.
Mr. Galvan had also shared with me briefly about an encounter they’d had with their enemy race while they were on Earth. He didn’t know a lot of details, and hadn’t wanted me to worry. But since I’d been involved with him, he thought it was best to let me know. Mr. Galvan’s logic was since they’d left—their enemy was probably no longer a threat to us. The news of their enemy following them to Earth had terrified me, and more than likely triggered my paranoia, worrying if I was truly safe.
Mr. Galvan and I were very close. We still talked weekly. I’d been taking martial arts classes for the past three years. I enjoyed learning the art. It was a good way to let off steam. Mr. Galvan insisted I take the classes to learn how to protect myself—just in case danger struck. My thoughts were that it couldn’t hurt for me to learn how to defend myself. I had taken it a step further carrying a Taser gun in my purse.

Mr. Galvan suggested it would be a good idea for me to go to a college far away to get a fresh start. I had gotten accepted into a few colleges, and I chose NYU. But even after I moved to New York, three years later at The New York University, I still hadn’t forgotten.
NYU was known for its performance arts program. It was a hard school to get into and I was proud of myself for getting accepted. My grades were good. My goal was to get hired by a production company to perform in live theater. My professor motivated me, saying that I’d have no trouble getting a job. His words of encouragement made me feel like I could achieve anything.

On my way to my apartment in New York, I heard a noise. Peering around, I didn’t notice anything out of sorts. Still on edge, I hurried inside the building. I felt like someone was watching me again. Why couldn’t I shake this feeling of paranoia?
I wondered about him. Had he made it home? Was his world still at war? I only thought about him when I got the feeling of being watched. I hated the fact that he still held my heart, even though three years had passed. Now, I’d have to suppress these feelings, which stirred to the surface. I wished my roommate Sandria was home. We’d lived together since freshmen year and were good friends. Unfortunately, she was at work and wouldn’t be here for hours. If I had a scare, she always made me feel better. I locked the door, demanding myself to calm down.
It had taken me two and a half years to let someone else in, but I was dating again. His name was Eric. When we met our first year in drama class, I remembered looking into his eyes, thinking they reminded me of the sky. His blue eyes emanated a peaceful vibe. We’d clicked, becoming friends. Eric was tall with lithe legs and a muscular chest. His hair was dark brown. Sandria always teased that Eric had a crush on me from the start. As time had passed, I noticed on occasion, Eric would throw in hints of his interest in me.
Six months ago, I’d finally given in and started dating him. We were both majoring in performing arts and we were frequently cast opposite each other. We had great chemistry, so it didn’t take much acting. Eric inspired me, and when we were together, I forgot my worries. Our dream was to own a production company one day. Eric made me feel special and alive again. He cared a great deal about me, but he knew I had a secret past. He never pressed me for answers, which I was thankful for.
“I’ll give you the world if you’ll let me. Just give me your heart, Melanie, and I will never let go,” Eric had said. What woman could not fall for a guy like him?
I cared about Eric, too. I wanted to give him my whole heart, but I was holding back, still mending from a broken heart. In order for me to get on with my life completely these nightmares and fear of being watched had to stop.
Still feeling on edge, I wished that Eric was here with me, but he had to work, also. I decided to call Ebony. We were still very close and talked at least once a month. She attended college back in Denver.
“Hey, stranger,” she said, answering after the second ring.
“Hi. How’s it going?”
“I’m good. What’s up with you? How is Eric?”
I beamed. It was so Ebony to jump right to the topic of men. “We’re great. He’s at work, but we will hang out later.”
“Sounds good. Have you given in yet?”
“No, freak, not yet.” I shook my head.
“Eric must really love you. You’ve known him for years. You’re both attracted to each other. I see the way you guys look at each other. He’s eye-candy, too! Why are you still holding back?”
“If it’s meant, then it will happen. I’m not rushing into anything this time. I want to be sure.”
“I can understand, trust me. I didn’t think I would ever get over Dustin, my freshmen year. But I did the complete opposite of you. Instead of evading men, I talked to several, and as soon as they showed feelings toward me, I dumped them. I loved Dustin, and he broke my heart.” Ebony sighed. “But it was different with you. I know you felt he was your soul mate. It’s good you have moved on, and that you’re being cautious. I just want you to be happy.”
“This is the happiest I’ve been since my senior year.”
“I’m glad. I hope I find someone special one day.”
“You will when you least expect it. How is school?” I asked, changing the subject.
“It’s okay. It’s weird, though. In the fall, we’ll be seniors in college.”
“Yeah, it’s crazy.”
“Time does fly by fast, but at least we’re accomplishing the goals we set for ourselves.”
“Are you going to summer school?”
“Probably not,” she replied. “I need a break. Are you?”
“I normally do. This summer I might not, so I can spend more time with Eric.”
“Ow, sounds like someone might be ready to go steady.”
I laughed. I loved Ebony. She was so carefree. I hadn’t spoken with her in a month, but we picked up like we talked every day. We chatted for almost an hour. Afterward, I ate dinner, grabbed my mystery novel, and lay down on the sofa. I would entertain myself with a good book until Eric came by later.

* * *

School ended, May of 2017. The weekend started and I was looking forward to seeing Eric tonight after he got off. I was on my way to meet Sandria, my roommate, for dinner. Once I arrived at the restaurant, I spotted her. She already had a table for us. Sandria waved to me with her dark brown curls bouncing. We were the complete opposite in looks and style. Sand had big, pretty, chocolate brown eyes. She was tall, and thin enough to be a run way model. She also had a nose and tongue ring. We did have a lot in common, so we balanced each other well.
“Hey, Sand, what’s up,” I said, taking a seat.
“Nothing much. I’m starving.”
“Me, too.”
“I ordered us appetizers.”
“Great!”
“So, is everything okay? It sounded like you were having another nightmare last night.”
It meant a lot that Sand worried about me. She was used to me having nightmares now. At least they were decreasing. I hadn’t had one in weeks. She knew I never had closure about him.
Shortly after we met, I’d told Sand how my boyfriend had suddenly moved away. After a few weeks, when neither of the brothers’ or Harmony’s good friends had heard from them, students at Cashmere high began speculating. Rumors started that maybe they’d run away from home, or were involved in a crime. People just liked to gossip and make up things to stir trouble. It was a fact of life. Unfortunately, I was hammered with a lot of questions right up until graduation. I played dumb—clueless of why they just disappeared. It was a welcomed relief to graduate and move somewhere new to start over.
Sandria, Eric, and my parents thought that my first love had moved away without even a goodbye—one day we were together and happy—the next, he basically vanished into thin air. I’d told them I never heard from him again. My mom was pretty upset about it because I had been a wreck.
“Yeah, I’m fine.”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
“I’d rather not. How are you and Caleb?” I asked, changing the subject.
“We’re fine. I was going to spend the night with him, but I can stay home.”
“No, go. Besides, Eric is going to come by around nine, so I won’t be alone.”
The appetizers arrived. We ate our meal, chitchatting about happier topics. We even split dessert. I splurged every now and then. In this business, you couldn’t gain a pound or the media would eat you alive. I’d lost ten pounds since my senior year and wore a size three. I was able to keep extra weight off with my strict diet.
“I really like your hair shorter.”
“Thanks,” I beamed, taking another bite of my brownie delight—so delicious. I’d cut my hair over spring break. Now it fell just below my shoulders. My naturally wavy hair had always been long, halfway down my back. I wanted a different look, and was surprised with how much I liked it. I was going to keep it this shorter length since I had gotten so many compliments. We finished our brownie, and then gathered our things to leave.
“Are you sure you don’t want me to come home until Eric gets there?” Ebony bit her lip. “It’s not a problem.”
“I need to grab a few groceries anyway, so go and see your man.”
She gave me a hug. Sandria knew there was more to my story than I let on. I’d shared that I felt like I was being watched before, but didn’t elaborate. She was a little freaked about it at first. Over the years, nothing had ever come of it, so she didn’t question me further about why I’d felt that way. Sand was good-hearted—always making sure I was comfortable with being by myself.
“All right, but text me when you make it home.”
“I will. Have a good evening.”

* * *

After getting a couple of groceries, I headed home. Night had just fallen. The streets were busy, as they always were on Friday nights. The grocery bags were starting to get heavy, so I decided to take a shortcut. I passed by a building, and then heard footsteps behind me. On pins and needles, I told myself not to panic. This happened to me often and it was an overreaction of my paranoia.
The footfalls grew louder. On instinct, I began to walk faster, passing the next building. Surely, this was another false alarm. Suddenly, someone sprang out in front of me. He was tall and dressed in black. I immediately dropped my bags, and started to dig inside my purse. One male grabbed my arm—another came behind me. They pushed me into an alley between the two buildings. I didn’t struggle with them because I almost had my Taser out of my purse. There had been so many people on the streets, but now I didn’t see anyone who could help me.
Glaring at my pursuers, I saw there were five of them, all men. Their eyes seemed to glow. Wth! I didn’t have time to think about the strange glow of their eyes. I grabbed my Taser, clicked it on, and zapped the male that was yanking my arm. He yelped and went down. Another male came up from behind me. I tried to zap him, but he slapped me. I didn’t drop my stun gun, though. I retaliated, tasering him in his neck. Two others double-teamed me—one kicked the Taser out of my hand. I managed to kick him in the nut-sac, which really pissed him off.
The other male pinned my arms behind my back. The one I’d given blue-balls to came at me again. I used the male that had my arms pinned for support. Lifting both of my legs in the air, I kicked the man coming toward me in his chest. He flew into a wall. I stomped on the foot of the man that still had my arms trapped. He grunted, letting one of my arms go. Turning to him with my free right hand, I jabbed him in his throat—a martial arts maneuver. He let me go for a second, but quickly grabbed me again.
“Get her and hold her down!” one male, standing off to the side shouted. He hadn’t engaged yet. “You can’t control one human female?”
He swiftly walked up to me as I continued to struggle, then he punched me hard in my face. I slumped over, out of breath. “You asshole!” I gasped. Ugh, my cheek hurt. “Let me go, you cowards! It takes five of you to gang up on one woman?”
The one who’d punched me came closer and said, “Lift her up!”
The male behind me jerked me upward, so that I was completely upright. The two men I’d Tasered were still down, but I didn’t think I was going to escape these three. This alley was poorly lit, but the man that punched me appeared to have short, black hair. Now I could see his eyes better. They were dark brown, but there was a golden glow around his irises. What the hell was going on? Who were these people? As he inched closer, I spit in his face.
He wiped it off, and then grabbed my chin tightly. “Watch it, whore! You’re lucky our commander wants you alive.”
The man I’d kicked into the wall came beside me. He appeared to have blue eyes, but he also had a golden glow around his irises. “Who are you people?”
“A superior race,” replied the male clutching my chin.
I assumed he was the one in charge. “Why do your eyes glow?”
He ignored my question, but finally released my chin. “I hope you’re worth coming all of this way for, and dealing with this crap. Honestly, you’re nothing but a mere human, so I really don’t see what the fuss is about.”
“What are you talking about?” I asked him. My answer was silence.
       He gestured impatiently to the two men that were still on the ground. “Get them up now! We need to return to the ship before someone sees us. That will only lead to more of a mess I’ll have to deal with.”
What did he mean by ship? Did he mean spaceship? This couldn’t be real. This had to be another nightmare, and I just hadn’t woken up yet.
“Get her on board now!” the one in charge yelled. I started to tussle harder to get free, but the man that held me, pushed me forward. I tried to stand my ground, gluing my feet down—a useless effort. Annoyed with me, he lifted me off the pavement.
“Where are you taking me? Let me go, you bastards!”
Were these men somehow related to Bryan, or from his planet? I hadn’t said his name in so long, but I only felt fear now. Were these his enemies? This wasn’t a nightmare. This was déjà vu. My worst fear was becoming reality. I was being dragged down an alley by five mad men with glowing, golden eyes. Terror consumed me. I screamed as loud as I could, “Ahh! Someone please help me!”
“Shut her up,” the man in charge spat.
The blue-eyed male pulled something out of his pocket. “What’s that?” I asked, knowing damn well they weren’t going to tell me. I screamed again. The man behind me put his hand over my mouth. I bit down as hard as I could.
“You little tramp!” He yanked his hand from my mouth, gripping my arms even tighter. It was so painful I gasped. “Hurry up and stick her!” he told Blue-eyes.
I tried to get another scream out, but Blue-eyes cut me short, jabbing the needle forcefully into my arm. The pain brought tears to my eyes. I made one last worthless attempt to get free—a loss cause. My plea for help came out slurred. My head became foggy—my vision blurry. I fought with everything in me to stay alert. It did no good. After a couple of seconds, darkness overtook me.


Chapter 11


My head throbbed as I came awake. Focusing my eyes, I scanned my surroundings. I was lying on a thin bed. At least they were kind enough tie my arms in front of me—less strain. The room was very small with no windows. Sitting up quickly, I swayed. Whoa, my head was spinning. I got my bearing, but there was no way that I could wiggle my hands free from these cuffs. A couple of seconds later, the door burst open. Two men with glowing eyes entered. One had a shot in his hand—the other came to the side of the bed and pushed me down. They were different men than the ones I’d fought in the alley. I struggled against him.
“Let me go! Where are you taking me?”
“Hold her down,” the man with the shot said, sticking me in my arm.
I only struggled momentarily before I was out again. This routine of me waking up, struggling with them, and getting a shot happened several times. They must’ve had a camera looking in on me, because I could never even make it to the door before they rushed inside.

Finally, I woke up in a different place. I cradled my head. It was pounding. I felt like I’d been hit by a freight train. How long had they been drugging me? It had to be at least a day or two. I wasn’t tied up anymore. I sat up on a cot in a small holding cell. There were several other cells on both sides of me, but the other cells were empty. All the cells were connected, but there were no walls in between them. A low hum seemed to buzz from the cell blocks, and every few minutes, a faint glow appeared to flicker from them.
The room was large with a high ceiling. The walls and ceiling appeared to be made of some sort of stone. On my right side, a few feet in front on me, there was a lot of equipment and computers. It didn’t look like anything I’d ever seen on Earth. A few men were moving about, fooling with the equipment. They were unaware I had woken up. They were speaking in a language that I couldn’t understand. The syllables didn’t sound remotely similar to any language I’d ever heard.
I walked over to the cell door. “Excuse me?” I asked. “Who are you, and where am I?” One of the men working on the computer came over. He had blond hair in a buzz cut, and brown eyes that glowed. It must be a trait among their race.
“You are on Polaris,” he answered in a husky voice.
“Polaris? You’re going to have to be more specific. Am I in the Milky Way galaxy?”
He laughed, although I didn’t see anything that was amusing. “No, you’re in the Sonar galaxy.”
The Sonar galaxy? I’d never even heard of it. “Why am I here?”
“As bait for Bryan.”
My temples began to pound harder. Oh, this just kept getting better and better. “What does he have to do with you kidnapping me?”
“It has everything to do with it.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Our king has sent a telegram to Kadan with our proposal. They will either surrender their planet, or you will die!”
I made the mistake of touching the cell bars. An electric shock pulsed through me. I yelped and he smirked. These cells were electric-proof. “What have I ever done to you people? I was living a normal life. I don’t want to be involved in your war.”
He shrugged. “Well you are now. You just happened to be involved with the wrong Kadanan.”
“Kadanan? Can you speak English please?”
“Kadan is our enemy. It’s where Bryan lives. He is royalty, so he has control over what happens with the planet.”
Royalty? He had to be kidding. Bryan left out that vital piece of information when he was explaining things to me. How much more complicated could this situation get? This was like a fairytale turned nightmare.
“We have not been together for a long time.”
“Regardless, Zamar saw you and him together. He knows that Bryan cares for you. But if he doesn’t surrender, then you will be sacrificed.”
“You will probably kill me, anyway.”
“King Zeus is a man of this word. If they surrender your life will be spared. Now, I’m growing tired of your questions. Sit down and shut up,” he spat, turning on his heels.
I sat on the bed with my head reeling. I had been kidnapped by beings from another planet. They were using me as leverage to force my ex to surrender his planet or I would be sacrificed. Oh, yeah, and the best part was your majesty was royalty. How classic.
A while later, a lady came to the cell with a tray of food. She was a little taller than me with straight blonde hair. Her eyes were dark brown with the glow around her irises. It was definitely a trait, since the woman’s eyes were the same. A male stood behind her as she held her palm up to the door. It beeped and she opened the cell door.
The man aimed a silver and blue metallic gun at me. “Stay where you are.”
The woman entered the cell, placing the tray on the bed. She was quite pretty, but her face was stern, like she was trained to show no emotion. She stared at me as if I didn’t matter. Pivoting swiftly, she walked out. The man held up his palm to the door, locking it. Inspecting the tray, it had what appeared to be water, along with some sort of meat and vegetable. I picked up the cup, taking a sip. I hoped it wasn’t poisoned, but if they wanted to kill me, there was nothing I could do about it. It tasted like water. So thirsty, I gulped down the whole cup. The food smelled good. Picking up the utensil, I took a bite of the meat. I wasn’t sure what it was, maybe a type of fish. My stomach cramped with hunger, so I ate the entire plate.
It must have been days since I’d last ate with Sandria. She had to be worried sick, and Eric, too. I wouldn’t have been home when he’d come by. I’m sure the police and my parents had been notified by now. What would Bryan do when he received the telegram? Would I ever see my planet again? I felt like I was on the verge of a full-blown panic attack. I lay in bed for what seemed like hours, watching them operating the computers and other equipment—speaking in their strange language.
I drifted off to sleep. When I awoke, I had no clue what time it was. I wasn’t even sure how time moved on another planet. There was another tray sitting at the end of my cot. At least they were hospitable. After I’d eaten I heard two men talking. Luck was on my side—they spoke in a combination of their language and English. I eased to the cell door to try to hear more clearly.
“Factum est ut ex Verbo Kadan?”
The other Polar shook his head. “Nothing.”
“Quam diu ante regem Iovem Zeus actio?”
“Ego certus non est, sed est ibi, no news.”
One man walked off. My temples were throbbing. From what I’d picked up, it didn’t seem like I was getting out of this mess. I was terrified Bryan wouldn’t surrender his planet for me. Maybe he had cared about me a long time ago, but I couldn’t see him handing over his entire planet just to save me. As a leader sometimes you had to make a tough call. In hinge sight, was saving one person worth the risk of many?
I would die at age twenty-one, before I’d really started to live. I felt like crying, but somehow held it in. I refused to let these psychotic bastards see me falter. It was the only bit of free will I had left. My time was running out. I prayed that I miraculously got out of here alive.

* * *

More time passed, and I surmised that they still hadn’t heard from Kadan. My stomach was a bundle of nervous. My anxiety was climbing to the peak about to tip over. Accepting my fate, I’d made my peace with God. I didn’t think I had much longer to live. I tried to get more answers, but no one would tell me a damn thing.
There were a boatload of men and women in the room going about their routine. All of a sudden, I heard a loud noise coming from the other side of the large door.
“Quod sonus!” one of the women shouted.
“Nescio,” the man that had spoken to me in English replied. He jumped up from the desk. There was another furious boom against the door, which continued. “Prepare for attack! Parati sumus interficere.”
They grabbed their weapons. A few seconds later, the door came off its hinges. I retreated to the far end of the cell. A man rushed through the opening where the door used to be, followed by another guy, a woman, and two other men. My mouth dropped open when Harmony came through the opening, followed by Shiray and Bryan. They’d come for me!
The Polars began firing their weapons. They weren’t like any earth guns. Blue laser beams emerged out of them. Bryan and his team returned fire. Their gun beams were purple. The array of colors reminded me of Star Wars. Bryan was firing his gun and making his way toward my cell. Shiray was behind him, crouched down, shooting her weapon. I ran to the cell door as he reached me.
“I’m going to get you out of here,” he said.
I was so tongue-tied I couldn’t even talk. “You actually came for me,” I finally uttered.
“Of course! I would never leave you here to fend for yourself. Step back. I need to get this door open.”
I did as Bryan instructed. He placed his hand close to the lock. Smoke started to come from it. Moments later, he pushed the door open.
“Stay close to me,” he said, grabbing my hand.
As I walked out, I quickly glanced at the lock. It was melted. What in the world? Bryan began shooting his gun. He shot a male Polar, who went down. I stayed close behind him. Lasers beams zoomed through the air and combat fighting had broken out.
“We have to get out of here!” Bryan yelled to his team.
On my left, Harmony was blasting her laser gun. She took out a couple of them. A woman kicked the gun from her hand. Harmony slung her arm in a swift, fluid motion. She didn’t even touch the lady, but she flew several feet in the air, crashing into a wall. The woman was out cold. Two more came Harmony’s way. She dove to the floor, performing a somersault to retrieve her weapon. She grabbed it, executing them both. My mouth gaped, stunned at her skills. She was better than a black belt.
The Polars seemed to come out of the woodwork. Bryan’s team had their hands full. Four male Polars charged Bryan, two snuck in from the sides. “Bryan, look out!” I screamed. He pushed me backward. One of the males kicked the gun out of his hand, and then the others attacked. My survival instincts kicked in. Bryan was fighting well, but he was outnumbered. Running over, I shoved my foot into one of the men’s side. He stumbled. I sent two upper cuts to his face. Sneering, he rushed at me with hand moves of his own. I managed to dodge them and kicked him again. He punched me hard. I spit out blood. Rage consumed me and I landed my knee into his groin.
The golden glow surrounding his irises appeared to flare brighter. He held his hand toward me. Black smoke seeped from his palm, and then the smoke started to spin rapidly. I took several steps back, but there was really nowhere to run.
In my peripheral vision, I noticed Bryan glance over at me quickly. He was trying to get to me, but he was still being triple-teamed. The Polar with the black smoke propelled it toward me. It whirled swiftly, like a sideways tornado. Thank heavens my reflexes were quick. I took a nosedive. The terrifying smoke barely missed me. It hit a Polar woman, engulfing and submerging her in its wrath. She screamed, fell to her knees, and then the smoke vanished. She lay on the ground, flaccid. I was on the floor, lying on my stomach. My heart was pounding so hard, I thought it might pop out of my chest. Black-smoke Polar hollered, enraged about the woman he’d accidentally killed. He stared at her with sorrow-filled eyes. I cringed. It wasn’t a pleasant experience, watching someone die.
Bryan seemed desperate to get to me. He delivered a blow to one of the guy’s backs, then grabbed him from behind, snapping his neck. I covered my hand over my mouth. The glow around his eyes disappeared as he fell. Another male Polar fired his gun, and I don’t know how Bryan moved fast enough to dodge the beams. The psycho who was determined to kill me was spewing up another round of black smoke. I closed my eyes, fearing my impending doom, and said a silent prayer. My lids snapped open when I heard someone screaming. The sound was coming from my attacker. He was now on his knees and lit up in flames. The flames were coming from Bryan’s palm. How incredible and scary at the same time.
I stared in horror at the chaos all around me. Bryan’s team was being ambushed. They were outnumbered. It was like I’d been tossed onto the battlefield of Dune. Bryan spewed flames from his hands, throwing fire on several of them. They were yelling and burning alive. This was realization that none of them were human.
Shiray was fighting three Polars at once. One male grabbed her from behind. She slung her head backward, head-butting him. She did a thrust move, jabbing her hand into the throat of another man in front of her. A woman seized Shiray in a headlock, and the man she’d struck, aimed his weapon at her.
Bryan was on his way to help, when suddenly all three Polars tumbled to the ground in pain. One was groaning, clutching the sides of his head. The woman’s nose was bleeding, and the other man was not moving at all. I wondered if he was dead.
Another male had crept up behind Shiray. Maybe I was hallucinating, but lightning bolts appeared to rise from his palms. Shiray hadn’t spotted him, glancing in our direction. Bryan acted fast. Blazing fire ignited from his palm. He hurled the flames at a rapid speed directly onto Shiray’s attacker. Fire engulfed his entire body, scorching him alive. Falling to his knees, the man hollered in agony. I scrunched my nose at the sickening sight and horrid smell of burning flesh. Shiray whipped her head to the side. Her eyes grew wide as she skidded away from him.
Facing Bryan, his brow furrowed. He sighed, and then grabbed my hand, pulling me toward the door. “Let’s move now!” Bryan yelled.
The others started to make their way through the entrance. Shiray dashed in front of us. Bryan and I sprinted through last. Sirens were going off and I heard footsteps behind us. It sounded like we were being pursued. Shiray was several feet ahead. She ran so fast, she must’ve been an Olympic track star.
“We’re almost there,” Bryan said to me.
He was still holding my hand. I felt like I was slowing him down, but he kept pace with me. A moment later, I saw an elevator shaft. Shiray rushed inside with the others and we followed. There were a shitload of Polars approaching. Shiray actually stepped in front of me.
“We’re not going to make it,” Shiray stated point blank.
Harmony stepped swiftly in front of the group. She raised her hand in the air as the Polars fired their weapons. Fear consumed me, then I noticed a clear, filmy substance transforming in front of us. The substance was coming from Harmony’s palm. These people were amazing! The Polars’ blue laser beams crashed against the clear film, but the beams bounced off, harmlessly. Finally, the door to the elevator shaft came down. We shot up like a rocket. Whoa, this sucker was fast.
Bryan was talking to someone through an earpiece he had inside his ear. “We’ll be up momentarily,” he relayed.
My heart was beating against my ribcage. What was occurring was hard to grasp. Surprisingly, I couldn’t believe Shiray had stood protectively in front of me. I had a newfound respect for her. The elevator came to a stop and the door lifted. Where were we now? Cold wind slammed into my face. This place looked like some sort of large cave. The lighting was dim, and there was snow on the ground. We walked forward to the opening of the cave. From the opening, I could see that it was dark outside and snowing. My teeth chattered. I wrapped my arms around myself. Good grief, it was freaking freezing.
Two other men walked quickly toward us. The group began to hold hands and formed a circle. Bryan grabbed one of my hands—Shiray the other. Her palm was so soft, but she had a firm grip.
“What’s going on?” I asked Bryan.
“I’ll explain later,” he replied.
In front of me was a very tall, buff man who was holding Harmony’s hand. Then I saw his eyes—they glowed. He was a Polar! I gasped and tried to move away.
“Relax, he’s with us,” Bryan soothed. “Hold steady. We’re about to move.”
About to move, how? A surge of energy radiated through my body, followed by bright flashing lights. A beautiful lightning storm surrounded me. White, silver, purple, blue—a spectrum of colors unraveling in an exuberant kaleidoscope.
Everyone disappeared, although I could still feel Bryan and Shiray holding my hands. I felt my body began to move at an accelerated speed, seeming even faster than when I’d been inside the elevator. The speed increased, along with pressure. It wasn’t painful, but it felt like I was transforming. Maybe this was time and space and I was a partial converging with the continuum—cocooned in an array of dancing light.
After several seconds, the lights stopped, and everyone appeared again. Now we were somewhere else.


Chapter 12


Wherever we were it was nighttime, but it wasn’t snowing. Everyone broke formation. I glanced at my surroundings, the sky had three moons. The larger center moon was a lilac color. The two on either side were pink in color. They formed the shape of a triangle. To my right, there was a huge palace. It seemed to glow in a purplish tint. The castle was enormous and appeared several stories high.
The buff Polar who was with us, caressed Harmony’s cheek. I raised my eyebrows. He looked her over, inspecting to make sure she was not hurt. Were they together? From the way he gazed at her, it was evident that he loved Harmony. Oh, I bet that was a complicated situation. They were at war, but he was clearly on their side. I’d seen him fighting his own people. I had just assumed he was of Bryan’s race.
“Where are we?” I asked Bryan.
“My home Kadan. Come inside, and I’ll explain.”
We walked through a courtyard with beautiful flowers and plants everywhere. Their wonderful fragrance filled the air—so heavenly. We entered the palace through a huge set of French doors. The inside was massive as well as extravagant. The theme colors were purple and gold with splashes of chrome. The vaulted ceiling, appearing to be made of gold was so high, I had to stretch my neck. The furniture was grand and plush, looking more expensive than any I’d ever seen. So many rooms were spread out further than my eyes could see.
There were people everywhere. Some of them were sitting and conversing—others were roaming about. The ones from my rescue went their separate ways. Harmony and the Polar guy walked off. He had his arm wrapped around her waist.
Shiray stopped in front of Bryan. “We need to debrief with your father,” she said to him. “I’ll meet you in the dining room shortly.”
“All right. I’ll see you there.”
Bryan watched her for a second as she walked away. I didn’t understand his facial expression. His eyes dilated and his lips were grim. Was it fear? Why would he be afraid? Then it dawned on me. Maybe he was scared of what her reaction would be to me being here.
He glanced in my direction, inspecting me for serious injuries. “Did they hurt you? I thought I’d almost lost you back there.”
My chest expanded, feeling touched that he cared. “I’ll live, but I’m shaken up.”
His eyes were haunted, and he blew out his breath. “I’m sure you are, but you’re safe now. Your chin is bruised, you have a black eye, and your lip is starting to swell. I’ll get you medication for you injuries.”
“Okay, but I’m not in too much pain. Can we talk first?”
“Sure. Let’s go someplace more private. I know you have a lot of questions.”
He’d hit the nail of the head. I followed him down a hallway. Several of his people were staring, no doubt wondering who this mystery woman was with Bryan. “Do all these people live here?”
“For the time being they do. It’s safer.”
“They are all staring at me.”
“Don’t mind them. They’re the same as humans—nosy.”
We went past multiple living areas, then came upon a grand staircase. The railing appeared to sparkle with diamonds—the steps made of gold. Bryan opened a set of doors, which led into another living room. There were two huge sofas with a coffee table in front of them. There was also a set of oversized beige chairs. The wall had a huge golden fireplace. The texture looked like marble. There was a group chatting in there. They got quiet as we entered.
“I need this room please,” Bryan commanded.
They all stood quickly. “Of course, Your Highness,” one woman curtsied.
The others nodded and left the room. So he really was royalty. He closed the door, taking a seat on one of the sofas.
“Would you like to sit?” asked Bryan.
I settled next to him. My bum melted into the fabric—the most comfortable material I’d ever sat on. There was an aura around Bryan. It caused my stomach to turn somersaults. I could feel the power radiating off of him. He seemed different from the guy I’d known in high school—bolder and more confident. But he was even better looking than I’d remember. He’d grown in a goatee.
“So, you are a king?” I asked, gazing into the depths of his emerald green eyes.
“A prince.”
“Well, you left that part out when you were explaining things.”
He chuckled. “I didn’t have a lot of time.”
“You seem different, commanding.”
“I am still me, the person you knew.”
“It doesn’t feel that way. Everyone left the room with no hesitation.”
“It’s just out of respect, but I treat my people as equals. I’d never talk down to them like they were beneath me.”
“You sound like a good, fair leader.”
“You seem different, too. Your hair is shorter. It looks good.”
“Thanks you.” My cheeks flushed. But how could he be talking about my haircut at a time like this?
“Where did you learn how to fight?”
“I took some classes.”
“Interesting.... You’re good.”
“All of you are outstanding fighters, also. I’ve never seen anything like it.”
“We have been trained since birth by the best in the land.”
He took a deep breath. “Melanie, I’m so sorry you have been brought into our war. I had no idea when I left Earth they would come back for you.”
“One of them told me they had been watching us when we were together. They said they knew you cared about me. They were using me as bait.”
Bryan closed his eyes and shook his head, trying to rein in his anger. “King Zeus is very manipulative. We won the first war and knew he was plotting vengeance, but I never imagined he would kidnap you. Please tell me that you forgive me for putting you through this.”
“Bryan, this isn’t your fault.”
“Yes, it is. I involved you, by being in a relationship with you.”
“You didn’t know at the time you were not human, or that your planet was at war.”
“At first I didn’t, but I learned details. Our powers returned and we found out we weren’t human, but I continued to talk to you anyway. That was before Shi found us.”
“I don’t regret being with you,” I admitted. “And I don’t blame you for them kidnapping me.”
“How long did they have you hostage?”
“I’m not sure, maybe a few days.”
“Did they hurt you?”
“No, they didn’t hurt me … at least not once I got there.”
He cut me off. “What do you mean once you got there? They hurt you before that?”
“I tried to fight off five males before they took me from home.”
His eyes bulged and his face crumpled. “How badly did they hurt you?”
“Just a few cuts and bruises. On the way, there they kept giving me shots to keep me drugged.”
“They didn’t touch you physically, then?”
Huh? Is that what he thought? “No! They didn’t touch me in that way. They roughed me up a little, and tied me up, but nothing else.”
He sighed. “Thank heavens.”
“It’s just hard to believe this has happened.”
“I feel the same way, but I’ll tell you whatever you want to know. You deserve answers.”
“How did you throw fire from your hands?”
“It’s my power, my gift. I can conjure it through the palm of my hand.”
“Does it hurt or burn you?”
“No, it doesn’t. Watch.”
I sat intrigued as he opened his palm and a small flame appeared. The flame flickered in place for a few seconds, then it disappeared.
“That’s amazing! You can produce fire at will?”
“Yes, but I hate the fact I have to use it in combat.”
I remembered how the men and women were screaming, being burnt alive. I couldn’t try to understand how it felt to take a life. Bryan had a good heart, so I’m sure it was emotionally traumatizing.
I also had a memory of the melted toaster, and the New Year’s Eve party. We’d both had too much to drink and things got steamy. Smoke had literally come from my hair, and my scalp felt like it was on fire. Bryan didn’t have his memory then. I pondered if he was tapping into his power and didn’t know it. The thought of us being intimate, even after all this time, made me blush. It was something I didn’t think I would ever forget.
“Are you okay?”
“It’s nothing.” I stared at the beautiful gold and maroon porcelain floor.
“Melanie, talk to me.”
“I was just remembering on New Year’s Eve when my hair got burned, and you paid for me to cut the burnt ends off. Would that have anything to do with your power?”
Bryan contemplated, and then his cheeks turned red. Biting his lip, he said, “Yeah, I’m sorry about that. I wasn’t aware of my power at the time, so I didn’t realize I was conjuring it. I’m glad you weren’t hurt.”
“It’s okay. It all makes sense now.” I wanted to ask him about the cool, watermelon-favored substance I’d tasted every time when we kissed. It seemed to sexually stimulate me, but I didn’t want to ask him directly. “Do you have any other powers?”
“It’s not a power per se, but I can talk to people through their minds.”
“How is that not a power?”
“It’s a trait. Not all, but most of my people can do it or can learn how to. So it’s a power in a sense, but more like a skill. A power is your born gift. It’s not something you can learn how to do. A skill is something anyone—or almost anyone—can learn.”
“Oh, now I get the difference.” I wondered about their amnesia. “Do you know how all four of you got amnesia? That doesn’t sound like a coincidence.”
“We don’t think so, either, and still don’t know how it happened. But we are certain the Polars had something to do with it. It’s the only explanation that makes sense. They must have sabotaged our ship to somehow make us lose our memory. I remember the crash now, and I went blank after that.”
“That’s awful. At least you all regained your memory.”
“Yes, and we’re thankful we did.”
“What’s your sister’s real name?”
“Syira.”
“Very pretty name. Does she have some kind of protective shield? I saw a clear substance come from her hand, which protected us from the lasers.”
“Yes. Her powers are force fields, telekinesis, and she can enter into your dreams. My brother Nile also has telekinesis and he can read minds.”
“Read minds? How crazy. No one could have any privacy around him.”
He laughed. “Yeah, it can be quite a pain. Some of us know how to block him out, and keep our thoughts private. Sometimes, Nile still gets bits and pieces, but it’s not like he does it on purpose. It’s still annoying.”
“I bet. Can you read minds?”
“No, I can only talk to people through your mind. If they have learned the trait, then they can communicate back to me. It’s just like a verbal conversation, but mentally instead. To pull someone’s thoughts like Nile does is a power. When we communicate mentally, the other person only hears what you want them to hear.”
“Okay, I understand now.” Another incident came to mind. “Would you guys happen to have had anything to do with that gas pump exploding at the beginning of our senior year? The flames didn’t consume the car right away, and then they reversed from engulfing mine.”
Bryan scratched his temple. “Oh, yeah. That wasn’t me, though. Syira and Nile had unknowingly tapped into their powers. Syira had used her force shield—Nile, his telekinesis to manipulate the flames.”
“That was impressive. They saved that guy’s life, whether they knew it or not.”
“My brother and sister can be pretty awesome when they want to be.” He smirked, playfully.
They could all take on the Marvel heroes and probably win. “What about Shiray’s powers?” His eyebrow rose, probably because I remembered her full name. He’d only told me once. It was unique, but due to the circumstances, it was a name I’d never forget.
“Shiray has mind powers. She can manipulate your mind in different ways.”
Yikes, that sounded intimidating. I wondered if her power had to do with when she’d brawled with those Polars, and they fell to the floor in pain. She hadn’t even touched them. “Did she use her powers during my escape?”
“Yes.”
Wow, I wouldn’t want to piss her off. “Do all of your people have powers?”
“Everyone is born with at least one power. Some of us are born with multiple.”
“Who was the Polar talking with your sister? It’s obvious they’re a couple.”
“Yes, they are together, and it has taken a long time to get used to. His name is Kadeem. He’s the king of Polaris’ son.”
“Excuse me? Did I hear you right?”
“You heard correctly. Like I said, it’s taken a while to accept. Our races have never mixed in known history. So it’s even crazier for them to have courted when our planets are at war. Fate is mysterious, and I don’t think it’s something you can control.”
Bryan was right. Syira’s situation seemed worse than mine had with Bryan’s amnesia and really being married. At least our mess didn’t revolve around planets being at war.
“Kadeem loves my sister though, and after today, I know he’s on our side. He’s earned my trust. He is the one who came up with the plan and navigated to rescue you. I am forever in his debt for saving you.”
Thank heavens for Kadeem. “How did we get from Polaris to here? I saw flashing lights, and I could feel that we were moving at a tremendous speed. But I don’t understand what was happening.”
“We were teleporting through space. That’s what you were experiencing. It’s Kadeem’s power. He can travel from one place to another. He normally cannot travel with multiple people. But with Shiray’s and Zephra’s mind powers enhancing the signal, we were all able to teleport as a unit.”
“You guys are all spectacular.”
“Thanks, but sometimes I wish Kadan was like Earth—no complications with being at war with other planets.”
“You know we have war on Earth.”
“I’m just frustrated about you being held captive. After what I put you through, I wanted for you to find happiness.”
“This has given me a chance to see you again, to get answers. I think it was worth it.”
Bryan squeezed my hand. It was soothing and made me shiver. I squeezed his hand back, and then pulled mine away. He still brought out tremendous emotions in me, and I didn’t want things to get awkward. I wasn’t done talking to him.
“Mel, I’m happy to see you again, too. I feared for your life, though. Zeus is vicious. I’m relieved we were able to rescue you.”
“I thought you said you won the war.”
“We won the first major battle, but the war is far from over. King Zeus has a multitude of our people held hostage on his planet. We have to find a way to rescue them as well. By kidnapping you, as far as I’m concerned, he has crossed the line. He will pay for his attack on you.”
“I wish your war didn’t have to continue. Is there no other way around it?’
“No, this war is inevitable, and now it’s personal. Zeus won’t stop. Our planet has been at peace for several months, but we’ve been waiting for his next strike. It was only a matter of time.”
“Bryan, I’m scared for you.”
“And I was terrified for you. I don’t want you to worry. I will get you home.”
“Have your planets been at war before?”
“Yes, but it’s been almost a thousand years.”
“That was a long time ago. Who won the war?”
He raised his eyebrow with a huge grin. “We did.”
I loved his confidence. How could any woman not fall for him? “Good to hear. I have faith your planet will prevail again.”
“I hope so. There’s so much at stake.”
I changed the subject. I had him talking and was curious about his life. “You are older than Nile, right?”
“Yeah, I’m a few years older. I am twenty-three now.”
“So, you are heir to the throne?”
“Yes, I am.”
“How does it work on your planet? When will you take the throne?”
“My father will retire and give me the throne at age seventy.”
“What if something happens to the king before then?”
“Then I will inherit it sooner. My father did, but I hope that’s not the case. I’ve already lost my mother.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay. I lost her when I was younger, but not due to the war.”
“Has the throne always belonged to your family?”
“The Romeland family has held the throne for thousands of years.”
“Bryan Romeland? I like it. Has a nice ring.”
“It’s good to see you have the same personality. It’s refreshing.”
“And there’s one king?” I asked, intrigued.
“Yes, one king who rules the entire planet.”
“Your planet seems to be run by old-world sentiments. It kind of sounds like a dictatorship.”
“I guess in a way it is, but it has always been this way since the beginning of our species. No one questions our mandates, and there are no complications. Sure, there have been times where Kadanans have threatened or challenged royalty. But crime is dealt with harshly on our planet. We do not wage war with one another. The only wars we’ve had have been with Polaris or other worlds.”
“Other worlds! There are more species in the universe?”
“Yeah … There are a lot of different beings throughout the universe.”
“That’s mind-boggling.” I had so many more questions, but there was one in particular I needed an answer to. “When can I go home, Bryan? I know Sandria, Eric, and my parents are worried sick.”
“We’ll get you home in a day or two. We need to keep an eye out for the Polars and come up with a plan.”
“All right.”
“Who’s Eric?”
“My boyfriend,” I replied, grinning. At least he cared enough to ask.
“Oh,” he frowned. “Is he good to you?”
My smile grew even bigger. “Yes, Eric’s great. I care about him.”
“He better be. How did you guys meet?”
“We met in college. I attend New York University. It’s known for their prestigious drama program. I’m learning a lot. I have one more year before I graduate.”
“I’m pleased. You were a great actress and deserve to be happy.”
It was a little weird discussing Eric with Bryan. “What’s the plan to get me home?”
“First, we need to figure out what to say happened. From what you’re telling me, you have been here for a few days. The journey to our galaxy takes three days, so by the time we return you to Earth, a lot more time than a week will have gone by.”
“What do you mean?”
“How long have I been gone from Earth, Melanie? One year, right?”
This question confused me. He had been gone a lot longer. “No, I’m twenty-one now. You’ve been gone for three years.”
“That’s what I’m trying to explain. Time moves differently between our two galaxies. It’s been three years for you, but only one year for me. You have been gone for a week or so, but on Earth it will be closer to a month that has gone by.”
My mouth dropped open. “Oh, no!” Being missing a month would make a big difference.
“Try not to worry. Kidnapping is the only option. It is what happened. We’ll fine-tune the details about your escape from your kidnappers. Minus the extraterrestrial part, of course.”
I rolled my eyes—he chuckled. “How far are we from Earth?”
“Three million light years away in the Sonar galaxy.” I sighed. “I bet you’re tired. Let’s get something to eat, and then you can rest. I can answer any other questions you have tomorrow. Is that okay?”
“I don’t know if I can eat or sleep after what just went down.”
“I understand. Let me at least get you something to drink and medicine for your wounds,” Bryan said, getting up. He held out his hand. I took it, and he helped me up. “We are eating dinner in the formal dining room. My father wants to meet you.”
“The king?” I glanced myself over. “But I look a mess.”
“No, you don’t. You’ve been through mayhem, so one expects you to be at your finest.”
“I guess not.” My stomach still felt uneasy, but I followed him out of the door.


Chapter 13


The huge dining area had a massive table, which looked like it could seat fifty people. Bryan said he would be back in a sec, so I stood by the entryway. Shiray was sitting next to Syira. Bryan went over and spoke with her. The way they stared at each other was like magic. I couldn’t deny their love for one another. It radiated from them in a powerful magnetic energy. They talked briefly, and then Bryan walked to the head of the table. Kadeem sat by Syira. He was gazing at her lovingly—she returned his endearment. Next to Syira, at the head was a very handsome man. Bryan bent over and conversed with him for a moment, then he strolled back over to me.
“My father is ready for you,” Bryan told me.
Swallowing the huge lump in my throat, I trudged behind him. Nile and another man were sitting by his father—opposite side of Syira. Nile was speaking in another language. It sounded like the dialect I’d heard Bryan saying in his dream, which seemed similar to Arabic. It must be their native tongue.
When I approached, Nile switched to English. “Hey, Melanie,” Nile greeted. “I’m glad you’re safe.”
Bryan rolled his eyes. Weird. What was that about? “Thank you, Nile.”
“This is John, my father’s second-in-command,” Bryan said.
John was bald, with dark brown eyes and a stern face. “Hello, nice to meet you,” I said to John.
“Likewise, Ms. Melanie.”
His father stood to greet me. “This is my father, King Julius, ruler of Kadan,” Bryan announced.
His father also held power. The king’s features resembled Nile’s and Syira’s. His eyes were hazel like theirs, too. But he stood head to head with Bryan at six foot, one, and his hair was the same chestnut brown with red highlights. I bowed down on one knee. I wasn’t sure how to greet royalty on this planet, but didn’t want to insult him.
“Your Majesty.” King Julius took my palm as I rose to my feet.
“I’m sorry our enemy has been cruel to you. We will get you cared for and give you a room to rest in. Is there anything else you need?”
“No, Your Majesty. Thank you for the hospitality.”
He nodded, giving me a vibrant smile. “We’ll return you to Earth safely. You have my word.” Turning, he whispered to Bryan, “I can see what the allure was.”
Bryan cheeks flamed and Nile snorted. Was he referring to why Bryan had been interested in me? I changed my footing. I guessed I should take it as a compliment. King Julius sat down and started speaking in their language to John.
“Let’s get something to eat,” Bryan suggested.
He pulled out a seat for me and settled down next to me. Shiray was on his other side. Ugh, this felt awkward sitting by them. A sci-fi love triangle gone wild.
Syira was across from us. She greeted me with a warm smile. “Hi, Melanie. Are you okay?” she asked.
“Yes, I’m fine. Thanks for your help.”
“You’re welcome. This is Kadeem,” she introduced him.
“Hi, Kadeem.”
“Hello,” he replied in a baritone voice.
It was strange knowing he was the enemy’s son. Everyone else seemed comfortable around him, though. Kadeem was extremely handsome as well. His dirty-blond hair hung to his shoulders, reminding of a Viking God. His most striking feature was his eyes. Kadeem’s irises were honey-brown. With the golden glow around them, they were mesmerizing. It must be an alien thing—they were all exceptionally good-looking.
A woman placed a plate in front of me—other ladies began severing the table. There were two kinds of meat and vegetables with some sort of potatoes. I thought I wasn’t hungry, but this food smelled marvelous. Everyone started to eat.
“Dig in, Melanie. Don’t be shy,” Shiray said.
I tasted both of the meats, and they were delicious. One tasted like steak—the other like grilled chicken. “What kind of meat is this?”
“They’re both two kinds of fish,” Bryan replied.
“They don’t taste like fish,” I countered.
“All the meat we eat is fish. But the good thing is, some taste like fish from Earth, and others taste like different varieties of Earth meat,” Syira explained.
That was so unfair. It’s why the women were so fit, eating only fish as their source of meat. I hadn’t seen one overweight woman. I finished my entire plate. Their food tasted like an expensive Earth restaurant. It was all high quality. The vegetables were fresh and the potatoes were scrumptious. After dinner, everyone was making idle chitchat. I sat quietly.
“You look really tired,” Syira observed.
“Yes, I am.”
“Let’s get you to a room and settled in,” Bryan said.
“I’ll take her upstairs,” Shiray offered. “I have already confirmed that her room is ready.”
Bryan’s forehead wrinkled. He shifted in his seat. Shiray and he seemed to be having a silent conversation, and then Bryan said to her, “All right, see you in a bit.”
Shiray stood up. “Are you ready?” she asked me.
I wished Syira could take me instead, but it didn’t seem like I had a choice. “Yeah, sure,” I replied, getting up.
“We’ll talk in the morning. Let me know if you need anything,” Bryan told me.
“Okay.” My lips shook as I smiled.
“Rest well,” he replied.
“Good night,” Syira and Kadeem said.
I bid them good night and followed Shiray. There were several Kadanans in the halls. The palace was more like a luxurious hotel rather than a home. Elegant statues and paintings were the home’s décor. They resembled the Egyptian culture and artifacts. We went to the left this time, taking a rear staircase. This one wasn’t as grand as the one by the main entrance. As she walked in front of me, I felt so intimidated by her beauty. She had on a purple shirt with tightly fitted black pants that hugged her blessed backside in just the right way. Her dark brown waves swayed in her ponytail. At the top of the stairs there were two guards. She greeted them, and then we continued down the hallway.
“Your home is beautiful.”
“Thank you.” Shiray paused by a door were a Kadanan stood guard. “This is Bryan’s and my room. If you need anything, we will be right down the hall.” She walked a few doors over. There was another guard at this door, also. They were well protected. “This is where you will be sleeping,” she said, opening the door.
This bedroom was beautiful. I stared in fascination at my surroundings. The walls were made of a gold stone with sparkles. The ceiling was vaulted. It also appeared to be made of gold. All the furniture was made of white wood. The canopy bed had purple and gold fabric draped over it. 
“Is this okay?” she asked, standing by the bed.
Was she trying to be funny? “This is more than okay.”
Shiray smiled and inclined her hand toward the bed. “Here is bath linen. There is also nightwear for you.” She glanced at me. “In the top dresser drawer, there are some clothes of mine for you to wear tomorrow. I thought we were the same size, but you look smaller. They might be a little big.”
“I’m sure they will be fine. Thank you.”
I stared down at her wedding ring in awe. It was the most beautiful ring I had ever seen. The pink diamond had to be a couple of carats. I’d never seen one so huge before. There were also multiple accent diamonds surrounding the central stone, forming a pattern of flower petals.
I tore my eyes away from her hand and looked her in the face. She was staring at me, too. Her brow knitted in a skeptical expression. She and I did look alike—so strange. We were the same height with a petite frame. Her dark brown hair was longer than mine, but it had the same deep, natural waves. Our facial features were also the same—our nose, cat-shaped eyes, and high cheek bones. The only major differences were her hair color, and the color of her eyes. They were green, but at least two shades lighter than mine like the color of moss.
“Have you ever wondered why we look so much alike?” I blurted out.
“I try not to think about it.”
Shiray was a direct person, but she wasn’t trying to offend me. “If you dyed your hair blonde, we could probably pass for twins.”
She beamed. “I think we could. It’s an interesting concept. I don’t know what to make of it.”
“Me neither.”
After a few moments of silence, she added, “You can leave your clothes in the bathroom hamper. And don’t worry, you will be safe here. All the windows have built-in alarms. There will also be a guard outside of your door.”
It was nice to have extra security. “Well, that makes me feel safer.”
She went over to the nightstand. There was a glass of water and two silver pills. “Take this medicine. It will help your bruises.”
It was hard not to like Shiray. She had stood protectively in front of me in the elevator. She was a caring person. I could see it in her spirit. I never thought I would feel this way about her. How ironic.
“Are you going to be okay?” she asked.
“Yes, and thanks for your kindness. I’m sure this is awkward for you.”
“No, problem. This is not your fault. It’s our war. I can’t imagine what you’ve been through.”
“I will probably have nightmares for the rest of my life.”
She chewed on her bottom lip. “Hopefully in time, things will get better.”
“I’m ready to go home. I know my parents, roommate, and Eric are worried.”
“We’ll get you home as soon as we can. We need to make sure it’s safe first.”
“Yeah, that’s what Bryan said.”
“Eric probably thinks I’m dead. I’ve never gone this long without talking to him. Bryan said almost a month has passed on Earth.”
“Is Eric your male suitor?”
“My male suitor? You mean my boyfriend?”
“Yes. I forgot it’s the Earth term.”
“Yeah, he is. We go to college together.”
“You will see him soon. How long have you been courting him?”
They talked so proper. I assumed she meant dating. “I’ve been dating him for six months.” She sighed. I’m sure she knew how close her husband and I had been. “Shiray, I will always care about Bryan, but I have moved on. I hate his world is at war. From what I’ve seen during my escape, it’s disastrous. I’ve always wondered what happened to Bryan and the rest of you. I didn’t want to get involved in your war, but it’s allowed me to see him again. I’m relieved he’s alive and I am glad he has you by his side. It’s pretty obvious you two were made for each other. I have closure now.”
She smiled. “This is weird. I never thought in a million years I would like you.”
I laughed. “I know. I like you, too.”
I glanced at the time clock on the nightstand, reading the inscription. “I was curious about your native language. May I ask you about it?”
“Sure, what would you like to know?”
“It sounds similar to the Arabic.”
“Our native language is called Cumala. There are a lot of similarities we have with Earth. You have a good ear for language dialect. Arabic would be the closest language to ours.”
Interesting, so I was right. “A lot of your paintings and sculptures remind me of the Egyptian culture.”
“Yes, that would also be the civilization which represents the style of most of our culture.”
“What do these words mean on your clock, Lamari Akhet Bennu?”
“Lamari is the brand.”
“It looks very similar to an Earth’s clock.”
“They are similar. Our time as well as other things is based on the number eleven. We have eleven day hours and eleven night hours.”
“So your full day is twenty-two hours total?”
“Yes.”
“Can everyone here speak English?”
“Pretty much. We’ve studied all the languages from Earth. English is a more common one that my people are very familiar with.”
“Does Akhet Bennu mean time?”
“That’s basically what it means. We say, ‘What’s the time frequency; if we want to ask someone what the time is. Several of our phrases are worded differently than how they are on Earth.”
“You mentioned several things were based on the number eleven. May I ask what other things?”
“Sure, it’s no secret. We have eleven territories total around our planet.”
“That’s it? Why so few?”
“Kadan is only around half the size of Earth, and our territories are enormous. We travel by flight in mini space ships, but we travel much faster than an air plane to get from place to place. For example; five of our territories would take up the space of the United States.”
“Wow, what a neat concept.”
“Also, eleven years of marriage is the big one to celebrate, and we have a Solar Surpass every eleven years.”
“What’s a Solar Surpass?”
“It’s a huge eclipse.”
“I am definitely in another galaxy if you guys know when eclipses are going to happen.”
“The Sonar galaxy to be exact.”
I sighed. It was another reminder of the disaster I’d been through. I was starting to feel fatigue. My adrenaline crashed.
“I bet you’re exhausted. Get some rest and we can talk more tomorrow.”
“All right, good night.”
“Try not to worry. Things will work out one way or another.”
I grabbed the linen and nightgown from the bed. The fabric was wonderful. The gown felt like silk. The massive bathroom was just as grand as the bedroom. It looked like one on Earth. The gray and marble walls were similar to granite or quartz. I ran my hand along the texture. The stone was hard and cold. The wall simmered under my palm, heating to my touch. Interesting. The material the wall was made of obviously had some kind of temperature control.
Taking my shoes off, I noticed the gray stone flooring also glimmered as I walked across it. The coolness turned into warmth underneath my feet—very tech savvy. There was an enormous glass shower door. Shiray had relayed that there were no door handles—to just stand in front of the doors. They would detect my heat signature and open. She’d said the shower was button operated—purple for on—red for off. The colored buttons in between were to set different temperatures. It sounded simple enough. At least I hoped it was.
Before I tried the shower out I needed to use the bathroom. I sat on the pearl-colored, hourglass-looking object that I assumed was the toilet. My fingers were crossed that it worked like one from earth. It would be too embarrassing to ask for instructions.
After I relieved myself, I searched around noticing there was no handle to flush. As I inspected further, there was also no toilet paper to dry myself. No biggie, I’d just hop in the shower. Before I got up, a loud noise came from the toilet—self flushing, followed by a sucking sensation coming from inside. I screeched. The contraption startled of the hell out of me. I almost leapt from the toilet until I realized the vacuum from inside was drying off my hoo-hah—so bizarre.
Is that what happen for number two, also? The vacuum continued to suction. The sensation of getting dried off this way was too weird. I felt like a car in a self-serving car wash. When I got up, the vacuum stopped. Their method was fancy. I was just used to the old-fashion way.
The shower doors opened easily when I approached. The words on the different colored buttons were in Cumala. I pressed the purple one. Hot, soothing water rained down from multiple shower heads. I hadn’t taken a shower in forever and this felt wonderful. The water temperature began to get too hot. I played with the other purple buttons, adjusting them to the perfect temperature. The water was clear, but somehow it felt heavier than water on earth. Maybe it was denser.
After I washed the grime off of me, I felt better none the less. I walked over to the nightstand and popped the two unique silver pills into my mouth. The water tasted natural and was refreshing. I climbed in bed, pulling up the covers. The mattress was so soft, and the sheets must have been made with thousand-thread-count satin. I felt like royalty in this canopy bed. My worries were to a minimum with having alarmed windows and the guards posted.
It was mind-blowing to be in another galaxy—an honor actually. No human being in the history of humankind had ever left the Milky Way. Too bad the only person I could tell about it was Mr. Galvan.
I never thought I’d see Bryan again. Now that I had, I was surprised at my strong feelings for him. I had no idea why our lives had crossed. In this case, I would probably never understand the saying “everything happens for a reason”. It was cruel to find the person you wanted to spend the rest of your life with, and then learn you couldn’t have him, because he already belonged to someone else. The icing on the cake was that he wasn’t even human. Yes, life caused turmoil and wreaked havoc in its path.
On the other hand, it was good to know that he still cared about me. As I told Shiray, I would always care about him. He was my first love. But now I had my second and he was the one I wanted to share my new path with. I realized that now. I couldn’t keep pining for someone I was not destined to be with. I had been holding on for so long, not allowing myself to truly be happy. I did have closure now. I was ready to go home and start living my life with Eric. I started to relax, becoming sleepy. These pills worked quickly. I didn’t have more time to dwell in my reverie. I fell asleep within a matter of seconds.

* * *

The next morning, I awoke feeling refreshed. I’d slept the entire night without a nightmare. Those pills I took were awesome. I felt mentally stable considering what I’d gone through. Getting out of bed, I put the clothes on Shiray had left for me. The shirt and casual pants were gray. They fit well. I found a brush in the bathroom drawer and brushed my hair. There were different products on the counter. I didn’t know what they were. I skimmed through them and used the one that looked and smelled like hair moisturizer. The product was out of sight! It made my hair glossy and sleek.
I spoke to the guard who was standing by my door on my way out. I strolled down the hall and knocked on Bryan’s door. No one answered, so I walked toward the staircase. There were a few Kadanans in the hallway. As I walked downstairs, it seemed like a party was going on. The palace was buzzing. Some people were sitting in different living areas chatting, while others were roaming about.
I spotted Bryan and Shiray standing by a column. She was even more gorgeous today with her hair down. She had on a blue, leopard-print dress, which fell just above her knees, and some killer blue heels. Bryan was wearing a purple flannel shirt and khaki pants. I had to admit they made a great-looking couple. He said something to Shiray, and she laughed loudly. He stared at her lovingly with admiration. Surprisingly, I wasn’t jealous. They did belong together. I’d accepted fate and finally had peace. Bryan spotted me, glancing in my direction. They both smiled. She left, and Bryan walked over to me.
“Good morning. Did you sleep well?” he asked.
“Yes, you guys have the best drugs here.”
He chuckled. “Yeah, we do. Would you like to eat breakfast? Then I can show you around.”
“Sure, sounds good.”
“If everything is clear, we can start getting a plan together tonight to take you home tomorrow.”
“Great.”
Breakfast was delicious, also. They had similar breads and pastries to what we ate on Earth. The soup resembled porridge and we had something else that tasted like eggs. I was sitting with everyone from last night.
“Melanie, I have a meeting to attend first, and then I can show you around afterward,” Bryan said.
“I can show her around, Bryan,” Syira suggested.
“It’s fine with me, if it’s okay with Melanie,” he said.
“Yes, she can show me.”
“Okay, we’ll meet up with you later,” Syira replied.
Shiray, Bryan, Kadeem, Nile, John, and several others left the room.
“We can start outside in the back courtyards,” Syira offered. I followed her, and she pointed to different areas along the way. “These are different lounge areas.”
We strolled through one living room to a huge set of French doors and went outside. The palace was an amazing color of purple and gold, even more beautiful in the daytime. We were up high on a hill top. It made sense. The palace was at the peak, looking over its people. The material it was made of resembled stucco.
There was so much to take in. Kadan’s sky was stunning shades of purple, rather than blue. Their sun was orange with red tones instead of mostly yellow. There were several courtyards with gorgeous gardens. It smelled heavenly outside with all the pretty and unique flowers. The dirt on the ground was red like Mars, so cool.
“Your planet is breathtaking.”
“I love it here.”
“Is that red mulch on the ground?”
“No, our dirt is really red,” she replied, stopping under a covered patio area, which had a set of chairs. We took a seat. “The courtyards spread out for miles.”
I stared in awe. In the distance, there was a vast wall. It looked like the fortress wall for a castle. “Is the wall for protection?”
“Yes, my father recently had it built, and it’s an eyesore. It wraps around the entire palace and has electric currents running through it.”
“Is that a forest behind us?”
“Yes, it is. So tell me, what do you want to know about Kadan?”
I thought for a moment. “What was your everyday life like before the war started?”
Syria beamed, reminiscing. She told me they had scuba diving, hiking, swimming, and other outdoor activities similar to Earth. Those weren’t the actual names—just similar to what she’d described. They also went on space expeditions to different galaxies. They were like astronauts, studying different aspects of planets and all the wonders of the universe.
“But now we have to be prepared for attack. King Zeus’ ploy against you proves the war is back in full effect. He will probably have to die for it to be over.”
“That won’t be good for Kadeem.”
“Kadeem doesn’t agree with what his father is doing. He knows it won’t end well. His father already tried to kill Kadeem and me once.”
“Oh my!” I exclaimed. What kind of father was he, a monster?
“Yeah, he’s cruel and only cares about power. Hopefully, one day in the future things can be as they once were.” I felt horrible for her. She changed the subject. “Melanie, do you attend college?”
“Yeah. I just finished my third year. I’m majoring in drama.”
“You were always a good actress. Can I ask you a few questions about theater?”
“Sure, what would you like to know?”
“Well, in the future I’d like to start a production company for live theater.”
I loved the idea. “That’s a really cool idea, Syira. Eric and I want to own a production company one day, also.”
“Is that your man?”
“Yep, we attend college together. He’s in theater, too.”
“Good for you. I think my people would enjoy a theater. I want to build a huge indoor and outdoor auditorium. I love the theater—plays, opera, ballet. The problem is I don’t know much about how it works.”
It was hard to believe this advanced race didn’t have broadcast television or plays for entertainment. But they had high-tech computers, equipment, and space travel. Their focus was on analyzing and studying data. “I know tons about it. I can write down an itinerary for you, give you some ideas.”
“Really? I would appreciate it.”
“No, problem. It’s my favorite subject. I could talk about it all day. It’s the least I can do to thank you for your help with rescuing me.”
We talked and ate lunch. Kadeem came by, and I swooned. He had a sexual pull that drew women to him. His muscles were popping out of his chest. He definitely looked like a Viking. He was so sweet toward Syira, it made me melt. It was still shocking that the son and daughter of the kings at war had fallen in love. But love was bold; it had no boundaries to hold.
We were still in deep conversation when Bryan came to check on me awhile later. I had typed nearly twenty sheets of ideas and ways to incorporate them on her electronic device.
“Thanks so much, Melanie. You are really good at planning. You’re going to have a great production company one day.”
“You’re welcome. I know your company will skyrocket.”
I really liked Syria. She seemed different on her world—beautiful and confident, but also full of life and ambition. Although, I hadn’t known her well on Earth, I never would have imagined we had common interests.

* * *

After dinner, I was sitting in one of the lounges with Bryan, Shiray, another woman who had helped rescue me, and a few others. We were discussing plans for my return. His siblings and Shiray weren’t going. It would be Bryan, and some members from his team on one ship. There would be another team on a separate ship for backup. The kidnapping story was what we were going with. They hadn’t washed my clothes, so they looked the same from when I was rescued—wrinkled and dirty. I still had a few faint bruises and a black eye, so that was sufficient. I was going to say that I escaped from a house close to a wooded area. I really wasn’t ready for the drama I’d have to face, but I had no choice in the matter.


Chapter 14


The next morning, I dressed back into the clothes I’d been kidnapped in. There was a knock on the door. “Hey, Shiray,” I greeted.
“Hi, are you ready? I’m supposed to bring you to the conference room.”
“Yep, I’m ready.”
The conference area was large, reminding me of a grand arena. Shiray and I waited for Bryan. I wanted to tell her good-bye. “Shiray … thank you again for your help.”
She turned to me and smiled. “You’re welcome. I wish you a safe journey home.”
“I will never forget your planet. It’s amazing. Wait until I tell Mr. Galvan. He’s going to flip.”
Her moss-green eyes lit up. “You still keep in touch with him?”
“Yes, we’re good friends and talk often.”
“How is he?”
“He is doing well. He’ll be happy to know you are, too.”
She grinned even bigger. “Mr. Galvan saved me and my family’s lives. If he hadn’t put us under hypnosis, we might have never gotten our memories back. Will you tell him I said hello and that I will never forget him?”
“Of course I will. He adores you.”
“Thanks,” she replied, beaming sentimentally.
“You have a great smile.”
“So do you.”
After a few seconds, I said, “Well, I guess this is good-bye. If I have to see you guys again, it won’t be for a good reason.”
“I don’t think it would be, either, but I’m positive everything will be fine.”
I embraced her, and she hugged me back. I hated to admit it, but I could see why Bryan had fallen for Shiray. She had a good heart and a loveable spirit.
“Take care of my husband.”
Perking my neck, I couldn’t help but laugh. She giggled, also. What a crazy request. “I will, but he’ll be back to you soon.”
Bryan came in coming over to us. “Melanie, we will be ready to leave shortly. I need to speak with Shiray. Are you okay with waiting here until I get back?”
“Sure, I’ll be fine.”
“Goodbye, Melanie. Take care of yourself.”
“Bye, Shiray. May God bless you and your family.”
Bryan took her hand and they walked away.

* * *

Bryan took me downstairs to the basement where they kept their ships. We were going to take a smaller ship to the port where they stored their larger ships for space travel. This basement was enormous—more like an underground military base. The ceiling had to be at least thirty feet high. There were that many ships held there, too, or more. The majority of them were a golden metallic color, but a few of them were a pearl color. They all glided in the air like they were suspended from invisible wires. I followed Bryan as he walked over to one of the golden ships. It had to be a good twenty feet long, sleek and shiny. I also didn’t see any windows.
“How do you see out of your ships? I don’t see any windows.”
“Our technology can make the metal transparent, and you can see out of them like a window.”
“Wow, how neat. How do we board the vessel?”
“Come here, and I will show you.” I went over to him. “This is the way we get into the ship.”
I looked at where he pointed, and engraved in the side was a three-moon symbol in the shape of a triangle. “Do those three moons represent your moons in the sky?”
“Yes, the three moons are the symbol of our planet. It’s engraved on all of our ships and most of our technology. Watch.”
He placed his hand in the center of the three moons. A moment later, they lit up with a bright white light, then a beam of white light shot down from the ship. It surrounded us, and I felt pressure. The next thing I knew we were aboard the ship. Holy cow! That was amazing. I grinned from ear to ear.
We must be in a control room. His team was already there, operating and activating different buttons. There were large keyboards, computers, and seats. Glancing in front of me, there appeared to be a huge window above the keyboard. Bryan was right, you could see through it clearly. Even though from outside, the surface of the ship had looked completely solid.
“This is some technology.”
“I’m glad you approve.” Bryan pointed to a chair. “You can sit here.” 
I took a seat, and he sat in front of me. Moments later, we were off. These ships glided through the air—similar to an airplane, but so much smoother. “This is fun!”
He looked at me, grinning like a schoolboy. “Yeah, I love to fly.”
“Will it take long to get to the ship port?”
“No, it won’t. Are you nervous?”
“Yeah, a little. I didn’t know what was going on when they brought me here. I was tied to a bed.” He sighed heavily. “Hey, it’s okay. You came for me.”
“I won’t let anyone hurt you again.”

* * *

Two and a half days had passed as we traveled through the universe. I was in my sleeping chamber when Bryan knocked on the door. He came in and sat on the bed.
“Hi, are you comfortable?” Bryan asked.
“Yes. How are you?”
“I’ll feel better once I get you home safely. There are two things that I wanted to discuss with you.”
“All right, I’m listening.”
He opened a box which held a beautiful medallion. It had three circular stones that formed a triangle. The top stone was the largest and the color of amethyst. The other two smaller stones looked like pink diamonds. “It’s beautiful.”
“This is a protective amulet our engineer made for you.”
“It looks like the three moons of Kadan.”
“Yes, that’s what they represent. It has two functions. If you press down on the purple stone for five seconds, it will light up.” He demonstrated, holding the purple stone, and it started to glow. “Once it glows, it will alert us that you are in danger. The second function is that it has an electric shock device. You can hold either of the pink stones for three seconds. It’s not activated, but I will show you.” He held one of the pink stones, and it lit up, also. “Now once this pink stone is lit, it will send out a jolt of electricity from the other pink stone.”
“So it’s like a Taser gun?”
“Basically, but you will have it on your body, so you can protect yourself more efficiently. Plus, it works faster than a Taser. Once you activate the pink stone, it will continue to send electric jolts from the other stone at intervals. You’ll have to hold the stone down for five seconds to deactivate it. We’ll practice to make sure you know how to use it.”
“This is an interesting piece of jewelry.”
“You will wear it, then?”
“Of course.”
“Good. It makes me feel better for you to have protection. We’ll also have our satellites cameras in orbit around Earth monitoring you. They’re very advanced, so Earth’s technology won’t be able to detect them.”
“Your satellite cameras will be able to see me three million light years away?”
“We have a communication room where we receive live footage from all over the universe.”
“Will you be able to see if I am in the bathroom?” His head fell back in laughter. I’d forgotten how adorable his laugh was.
“No, we’re not going to invade your privacy in that way. We’ll have the cameras set to view the outside of your home, and several different locations that you’re close to. Also, we will be watching the surrounding areas, so we’ll know if someone is trying to invade your home beforehand.”
“It sounds like I will be well protected, even when you leave.”
“I have spoken with Kadeem. He doesn’t think his father will pursue you again since his attempt to blackmail us failed. Still, we’re implementing extra protective measures. I hate you have been put in this situation. Now you will have to deal with the hospital and police when you return.”
I smiled at him. “It’s no one’s fault—just fate. I know it’s crazy, but I’m glad it happened. I know you’re alive. I have the answers I’ve wanted to know for so long.”
He squeezed my hand. “I’m happy you know who I really am now—although I still fear for your safety.”
“You will be watching me from the stars. I couldn’t be better guarded on Earth.” He beamed. “What’s the second thing you wanted to talk to me about?”
He shifted his weight. “I wanted to ask if you would be willing to relocate to another city.”
“Why? I thought you said the Polars won’t return.”
“I pray they don’t, but I would like to take extra precautions.”
“What would I do about school? The fall semester starts soon.”
“My comrade, Nazar’s power is forgery. He can forge any documentation. Choose any university you’d like to attend, and he will make the transfer happen. It will be like you applied months ago and had already got accepted. What about Australia? You always talked about moving back.”
This proposition was tempting. I did want to go back to Australia, my homeland. Eric had visited Australia once on a family trip when he was younger. He loved the country. Eric was Native American and all of his family lived in the United States. But he knew all of my family lived in Australia and I that wanted to return. Eric and I had discussed applying for jobs there after we graduated. If one of us got a job offer there, then we would go together. I preferred to finish my last year at NYU, but this was a sure opportunity to get to return home. Eric would be unhappy about me leaving without him, though.
“Nazar can make it happen?”
“Yes, he can. Plus, we’ll be staying on Earth for a few weeks. I want to monitor the surroundings and make sure everything is in place before I go. Once everything is set, then I will return to Kadan. A team of my people will be staying after I leave to check on some loose ends in Boulder, Colorado.”
“Boulder? That’s where the CIA held your ship.”
“They had our ship for almost three years. We have the area under surveillance, but it would be much more beneficial to get information firsthand. My father wants the team to scope out the base—make sure there’s no evidence which could lead them to answers about our race.”
“They’re not going to harm anyone, right?”
“No, they are only going to observe and destroy evidence if necessary. Kadanans have surveyed Earth for thousands of years. Our mission was the first time we’ve ever interacted with humans because we needed resources to help fight the war. We prefer not to engage with any species other than our own. I’ve heard stories of species on different worlds interacting with others, and the results are never good. It’s like there’s always an underlying fear of control about which race is more powerful. Then war starts. Our situation is a prime example. Our enemy held your life for ransom because we are at war.”
I turned away. What Bryan said made sense, although I wished it didn’t sound like he didn’t feel like it had been worth us meeting.
“Regardless of the complications, I don’t regret meeting you. I’ve become a better being. I value life more because of you, Melanie.”
Maybe he could read minds, too. “You know I don’t regret meeting you.”
“I’m glad.”
“If Nazar gets everything in motion, I will move back to Australia.”
“Okay, we will take care of it.” He changed the subject. “Last time you traveled through space, you didn’t get to see it. We’re about to enter into the Milky Way galaxy. Would you like to see it firsthand?”
“Are you kidding? Yes! I would be the envy of all astronauts and astronomers if they knew what I was about to witness.”
“Come on then,” he laughed, leading the way.


Chapter 15


Bracing myself, I took a deep breath, and fumbled into my apartment. I used the spare key which was still in its hidden spot to get in. It was time to perform my best act. “Sandria!”
“Melanie! Oh, Mel, is that you?” Sand cried, flipping on the hall light. 
“Yes, it’s me.”
She rushed toward me, and threw herself in my arms. “Oh, thank goodness. I thought you were dead.”
I inwardly cringed. I knew they would all assume the worse since I’d being gone for a month on Earth’s time. Sand guided me to sit on the couch.
“What happened?”
“I was attacked in an alley down the street and kidnapped.”
Sandria sucked in her breath, covering her mouth with her hand. “Mel, I’m so sorry.” She jumped up, going quickly to her room. She was back in a flash with her cell. “I need to call your parents. They’re staying in a hotel close by. They’ve been here for weeks searching for you.”
I bit my lip dreading what was to come. “Mrs. Wilhelm, it’s Sand. By the grace of God, Melanie’s here. She was attacked and kidnapped, but she managed to escape.” There was a slight pause. “Yes, we’re at the apartment,” she replied, hanging up.
“I bet my parents have been worried sick.”
Nodding, Sand came to sit by me again. “Mel, you have a black-eye, a bruised chin, and your lip is swollen. How bad did they hurt you? Lunatic bastards! How did you get away?”
Sand was talking so fast I could barely keep up with her. “After I came to I was tied to a bed.” This part was so true.
“What did that psycho do to you?”
“I don’t remember much, only bits and pieces. He kept me drugged, and always wore a mask. I was able to get the ropes loose enough to break free. I tore some wood off of a boarded window and climbed out. From what I could tell, the house looked old and abandoned. All the windows were boarded, and the house appeared to be falling apart. But it was difficult to see clearly because it was so dark. There were hardly any lights, and no other houses around. The area was surrounded by trees. I took off running through the woods with no sense of direction. The drugs had me disoriented, and prayed I wasn’t being pursued. Finally, after roaming around for what seemed like hours, I found a side road with signs. I headed toward home and came straight here. I didn’t know what else to do.” I’d rehearsed this spiel to a tee.
“Mel, that’s horrible. I can’t believe this has happened to you.”
She pulled me into her arms again, and then my parents were knocking at the door. Sand let them inside.
My mother’s eyes were blood shot. “Melanie, oh, Melanie,” she whimpered, breaking down into sobs.
She ran to me and I hugged her tightly. “It’s okay, Mom. I’m safe now.”
“You’re alive, you’re alive,” she kept chanting. She had me in a vice-grip.
My dad embraced both of us. “Thank you, God,” he whispered.
“Melanie, you’re hurt,” my mother said, releasing me just enough to inspect my face. “We need to get you to the hospital.”
My father scooped me into his arms, holding me like a baby. “I will carry you to the car. You have been through enough, and need to save your strength.”
I wrapped my arms around his neck. He hadn’t held me like this since I was a child.
“I’ll follow you guys,” Sand said.
“Sand, can you please call Eric, and let him know I’m okay. Tell him I’m going to the hospital.”
“Yes, of course. I will call him now.”

* * *

Almost a month passed, and my life had been a whirlwind the last couple of weeks. Eric had been at the hospital when we’d arrived. I had multiple tests done. I told them I hadn’t been raped, but they put me through the rape protocol anyway. They figured I was too embarrassed to admit it, or since I’d been drugged, maybe they thought it was a possibility, but I couldn’t remember.
Nazar forged the blood work so the drugs the Polars had given me didn’t show up. Instead, the lab results showed I had the date rape drug in my system. When they’d relayed the results, Eric looked like he wanted to murder someone. My mother was mortified and broke down crying again. I’d told her I would be okay, comforting her, the best I could.
The police were next with their series of questions. I’d repeated the same tale over and over. My father was pissed they kept hammering me with questions. He wanted me to rest. But the police said they needed to gather as much info as possible, to start searching for the bastard. The hospital kept me overnight, and then released me.
In the following weeks I spoke with a lot of investigators who were trying to find my abductor and where I’d been held captive. Twice, I’d gone with two investigators and my parents to search different areas surrounding the city. They wanted to see if any of the abandoned homes looked familiar. Of course none did. At least they tried to find him. I hoped they were this thorough with all kidnapped victims. After the second trip, when I’d said nothing had jogged my memory, they finally let me breathe. Security had been posted outside of my apartment in case of trouble. After weeks of no new developments, they’d told me to just call them if anything seemed out of sorts or I remembered any details.
Bryan was in the shadows while all of this happened, but I talked to him every day. Things were almost back to normal, besides the fact that my mom was living with me now. She had taken a sabbatical from work and refused to leave my side. She was scared after my disappearance. I didn’t mind. I had missed being around her. Sand was thrilled to have a home-cooked meal every night. My father had to return to Denver for work. Eric was also by my side. It made my heart swell to realize how much he cared about me.
Nazar had pulled off his talent. He’d gotten me accepted into NIDA, the National Institute of Dramatic Art. It was in my hometown of Sydney, Australia. Mel Gibson had been an Alumnus there. I relayed to my mom that I’d found out I had gotten accepted right before the kidnapping—applying on a whim, since it was the school of my dreams. I explained that I didn’t get the chance to accept their offer before I was attacked. But after I’d spoken with the dean about my circumstances—they were still going to let me attend.
I don’t know how Nazar did it, but everything was set. Mom was ecstatic because all of our family lived in Australia. She also wanted to move back. We didn’t have much time to prepare since it was already July. My mom and I were going to rent an apartment close to campus. My father put in for a transfer. He would be joining us in a couple of months. Eric was bombed I was leaving the country. But he agreed it was the best thing for me after what I’d been through. Eric would apply for jobs in Australia after he graduated. I reassured him nothing would change between us. He was going to come and visit for the Thanksgiving break.

* * *

My stomach turned flips at Starbucks with Sand waiting for Bryan. Mr. Galvan was going to meet us there, also. We usually spoke on a weekly basis, so when I hadn’t called him in weeks, he’d gotten worried. Mr. Galvan had done some investigating, and was mortified when he’d found out I was missing. He was thrilled I was safe, and that Bryan had come.
Sand was my babysitter until Bryan got there. My mom thought I was meeting an old friend, but she didn’t want me to go alone. Sand volunteered to come with me, so I had to tell her who my old friend really was. She was beside herself, asking me tons of questions. She grilled me—wanting to know when I’d bumped into him, where he’d disappeared to, and more importantly, why he had never contacted me.
Being able to pull tales outta my arse was getting easier. My fib to Sand was, I’d run into him at a store, and that I didn’t have any answers, yet. But hopefully, I could find out some today. The coffee shop was fairly busy. I fidgeted impatiently for Bryan. I hoped Sand didn’t embarrass me and probe him for answers.
“Holy shit, he’s hot!” Sand exclaimed.
Turning around, I saw Bryan coming through the door. He was wearing a blue T-shirt and jeans. A causal look, but he sported it like a rock star. “Oh, that’s Jason.” We were on Earth now, so he had to go by the alias name of Jason Alan.
“That’s him! He’s gorgeous.” Sand fanned herself. “I’m sorry Mel, but I see why you were so love-struck.”
I sighed, rolling my eyes, and trying to hold in my smile. I had gotten used to women’s responses when they saw him. He had an aura around him that screamed sex appeal. All the chicks drank him in lustfully like Bryan was the best drink on the menu. I shook my head. Things hadn’t changed. He was even more attractive now with the goatee and sideburns. Nazar, John, and a few others filed in behind him. Some got in line to order, and the others took a seat. They were always in groups to keep watch for any danger. Bryan glanced around. I was sitting in the back, so I stood up and waved. He spotted me, walking over to us.
“Hey, how are you?” he asked me.
“I’m good. Jason, this is Sandria, my good friend and roommate.”
“Hi, Sandria,” he replied with his lopsided grin.
Sand looked like she was about to self-combust. “Nice to meet you, Jason. Just call me Sand.”
“Would you like another drink, Mel?” he asked.
“No, maybe later.”
“How about you, Sand?”
She smiled even bigger. “No, thank you. I’ve already had two frappes. If I consume any more caffeine, I won’t be able to sleep tonight.”
He laughed, and Sand cooed. Geez, Sand, get a grip. I knew how she felt, though. Bryan had that effect on the majority of women. The girl at the table across from us was practically undressing him with her eyes.
“Have a seat,” I told him. I thought Sand would excuse herself, but I was mistaken.
“So, Jason, what brings you to New York?”
I cringed. “I’m here on work with colleagues.”
“What kind of work do you do?”
“I’m in pharmaceutical marketing.”
“Interesting. Are you staying in New York long?”
“Probably for another week or so. We have a few more things to finish up.” He winked at me and I beamed. Bryan was quick on his feet.
Seeing the exchange, Sand audibility sighed, and then she continued. “Where do you live now?”
Enough with the third degree. It was obvious she was going to keep grilling him. My cell buzzed. Glancing down, I read Mr. Galvan’s text message. He’d be here in fifteen minutes. I kicked her in the shin.
“Ouch,” she cried, glaring at me.
“Sand, we have some catching up to do.”
“Oh, yeah, sorry. Call me if you need anything,” she said, getting up.
“Okay, I will. See ya later.”
“It was nice to finally meet you, Jason.”
He raised his eyebrows. “You, too, Sand. Take care.”
After Sand was out of earshot, I said, “Sorry about that.”
“She cares about you. She’s a good friend.”
“I’ll have to think of what to tell her about you.”
“We will think of what to say before you leave.”
“Mr. Galvan just texted. He’ll be here shortly.”
“Great, I can’t wait to see him.”

Mr. Galvan strolled in wearing a suit, his usual attire. Mr. Galvan was short. His skin tone was a caramel brown, and his black hair had a natural wave. He wore thick framed, old-school glasses, but he was handsome. Bryan gave him a bear hug.
“Melanie, it’s so good to see you.” I embraced him, and then we all sat down.
Mr. Galvan talked a lot, and today was no exception. Bryan and I filled him in on everything that happened. He was boggled.
A while later, I spotted a handsome brunette in line. My neck perched, not expecting to see Eric. I thought he was at work. But Eric didn’t live far from here, so I shouldn’t be shocked.
“Is something wrong, Mel?” Bryan asked.
I might as well go and speak to him. I hadn’t told Eric I was meeting Bryan and I didn’t want him to get the wrong idea. “Eric is here. I’ll be back in a minute.”
Standing behind Eric, I greeted, “Hey, you.”
Turning around, Eric’s eyes grew wide with delight. He pulled me into his arms. “Melee, I didn’t know you would be here.”
His warm, light-blue eyes reminded me of the sky. They made me feel calm every time I gazed into them. “I actually ran into an old friend. We were just chatting.” Eric glanced around. I wondered how this would go over. He knew Bryan was my first love. It was best to introduce them, although it was going to be awkward. Exhaling deeply, I said. “Eric, my old friend is Jason.”
He narrowed his eyes. “Jason, as in the guy you dated your senior year?”
“Yeah, the one and the same.”
“Oh….” He wrinkled his nose.
I waited for him while he got his drink order, and then I grabbed his hand. We walked over to the table. Bryan’s emerald eyes dilated as we approached. Eric stood beside me, wrapping his arm around my waist. Clearly, he wanted to show his claim on me. “Jason, this is Eric, my boyfriend.”
“Nice to meet you, Eric.”
Bryan extended his hand. Eric hesitated for a second, and then shook his hand quickly. Once he saw the platinum diamond wedding band on his finger, he visibly relaxed. Frankly, I was surprised that Sand hadn’t seen it.
“This is my colleague,” Bryan told Eric, gesturing to Mr. Galvan.
“Hi,” Eric replied.
“Hello, Eric. I’m David Galvan.”
“Jason is in town for work,” I stated.
“How long will you be in New York?” Eric asked Bryan point blank.
“For a few more days.”
Eric rubbed his temple with his index finger. “You’re married now?” he blatantly asked.
Mr. Galvan chuckled. I had to cough to cover my giggle.
“I’m happily married,” Bryan replied, smiling.
“Eric, how did you and Melanie meet?” Mr. Galvan intervened.
       He knew all about Eric and me, but Eric didn’t know about him. Mr. Galvan viewed me as his niece or baby sister. We cared about each other, and he was taking this opportunity to feel him out. He didn’t want to see me get hurt again.
“We both attend NYU and major in drama.”
“Do you plan to use your degree to try to audition for movies or live theater?” Mr. Galvan continued.
“I’m interested in live theater like Melanie.”
“Do you have any family who lives in New York?” Mr. Galvan asked.
Bryan sat back in his seat with a giddy expression, amused Mr. Galvan was grilling him. Eric looked perplexed. He couldn’t put his finger on it, but suspected that he was getting the third degree.
“No, none of my family lives here. Most of them live in Texas,” Eric answered.
“I’m going to get another drink. Do you guys want anything?” I asked Bryan and Mr. Galvan. I’d interrupted with the first thing I could think of. I had introduced them, but I didn’t want this to get uncomfortable. Bryan and Mr. Galvan both declined the drink offer.
Eric replied, “Actually, Melee, I need to get to work. But I’m still coming by tonight when I get off.”
“All right.”
“It was nice meeting you, Jason … David.”
“Likewise,” Mr. Galvan replied.
“You, too,” Bryan said.
“I’ll walk with you,” I told Eric, hauling him away from the table. We got to the door, and he pulled me into a tight embrace.
“You okay?” he asked.
“Yeah, I’m fine. I won’t be here much longer, and I’ll call you when I get in.”
Eric leaned down, and I thought he would give me a quick peck. But he parted my lips with his tongue and kissed me like he wanted to live in my mouth forever. After kissing Bryan, who could kiss like a porn star and with all of his sci-fi enhancements, I never thought anyone would compare. But Eric could really work his tongue. I was so attracted to him I easily got lost when I kissed him. I returned his fervor, pulling back after a spell.
Several people gasped at our exchange—others sighed. I blushed not used to being this crude in front of a crowd. We must be the most entertainment Starbucks had at the moment. We’d drawn in a large audience. I’m certain it started from them seeing Bryan and me sitting together. Now I had my tongue down another man’s throat while the first guy was still there. I could see how it would interest them.
Eric’s sky eyes were glazed. “You could piss in a circle around me while you’re at it,” I teased. His response was another soft kiss. I couldn’t help but smile.
“I’ll see you tonight,” he replied.
I walked to the line with several pair of eyes watching me. I hoped I’d given them a good performance. I ordered a latte, and then joined the guys—feeling embarrassed because I’m sure they witnessed the epic kiss. I didn’t know what Bryan’s reaction would be, but I was immediately put at ease with his playful spirit.
“Melee,” Bryan said, raising his eyebrow.
I punched him playfully in his arm. “I like the nickname.”
“And I like him. I can read people easily, and Eric cares about you.”
“I’m glad I have your approval,” I smirked.
“I just want you happy. I can respect a man who stakes his claim.”
My cheeks flushed. “Eric’s a good person and he has a loving heart.”
“I can tell he does,” Mr. Galvan added.
“So he has passed your test, too?”
“For now,” Mr. Galvan replied.
“You guys are partners in crime.”

* * *

Eric picked me up for dinner later that evening. Now we were at his place to hang out for a bit. I plopped on the sofa next to him. Eric blew out his breath. I could sense that he wanted to know about what occurred with Bryan today. He’d been so patient with me and my “scared to get too close emotions”. Eric deserved for me to give him as much of the truth as I could. I had already shared the cover story with Sand before I’d left with Eric—coincidentally, it was what I’d thought Bryan’s past might’ve been at first. I had come up with the idea. Bryan voiced it was a brilliant strategy.
The façade was an impressive story with a lot of truth to it. Sand was glad I had closure. She’d said maybe Jason leaving was the right decision—being involved with him further could’ve put me in danger.
“I guess you’re wondering what Jason and I discussed?” I started.
Leaning over, Eric kissed my forehead. I melted. “Only if you want to talk about it. You’ve been through enough. I don’t want you to discuss or do anything that might cause you pain.”
Gosh, this man was a sweetheart. “I’m okay with talking about it.”
“So what happened? Why did he just leave without a word and never contact you?”
Eric knew the basics; Jason had amnesia, we’d been in a serious relationship my senior year, and then he practically vanished into thin air. “Jason regained his memories through hypnosis, learning who he really was.”
Eric’s brow furrowed. “I take it his past is bad. It still doesn’t excuse him for leaving without as much as a note.”
My heart swelled that Eric was upset because I’d been hurt. “Once Jason’s memory returned, he knew they’d been in a horrible car wreck. The rival was a mobster family that was at odds with his family. Jason was born into a mafia lineage, living a very dangerous lifestyle.”
“Damn, I didn’t see that one coming. Did he think that being involved with you would put you at risk?”
“Pretty much. In their world, discretion is how they keep the people they care about safe. Jason’s logic had been if he left quickly, maybe no harm would come to any of us.”
“His family must’ve been involved in some deep shit.”
“An all-out mafia war—may the toughest family win.” Eric’s eyes grew wide. “Jason asked for my forgiveness. Even though it wasn’t fair to me, leaving without a word, he felt it would be for the best. The enemy family thrived on hurting the people Jason cared about, or was even associated with.”
“Whoa, that’s heavy. I have to admit, I hate the guy a little less now.” I smirked. “At least he cared enough not to want to involve you in his family drama.”
“After many years, the mafia feud has finally ended between their families.”
“Hum … wait minute. How do we know that one of the enemy family members didn’t kidnap you to stir shit up again?”
Sand had asked the same questions—valid points. “We don’t know for sure, and we probably never will. It’s the reason that Jason came back. He got wind of my kidnapping, apparently my story made the news. Jason has been investigating.”
Eric’s forehead wrinkled. “Is he a PI or something?”
“No, he’s not a PI. He comes from a well-off family who has resources.”
“So what did they find out? Do they have any leads?”
“Jason doesn’t believe it was the opposing mafia. There was a marriage between the two families to have a compromised peace. He hasn’t found any evidence leading up to them, yet. There’re going to keep an eye out just to be sure.” This part was far from the truth. But Eric would freak out if I told him there were suspicions that it was the other family.
“Maybe your abduction has nothing to do with them—it still makes me anxious. You need to tell the police about this.”
“I don’t want to put Jason’s family under ridicule unnecessarily.” Not that the police were an issue. If they searched for Jason, they’d come up blank. Not to mention, he’d be returning to his home world soon.
“Melee, you have such a good heart, but my main concern is you.”
“Frankly, I don’t think I can handle the media or more questions from the police. If they find the maniac who took me, I’ll be relieved. Honestly, I just want to try to forget about what happened.” Eric sighed. “If anything seems out of sorts I promise I’ll report it.”
“I understand you want to go on with your life as best as you can, but I’m worried for you Melee.”
“It’s all the more reason for me to move to Australia. For now, let’s just keep what I’ve shared between us. Please.”
Reluctantly, Eric nodded, and then his face crumpled. “I’m gonna miss you so much. I am thankful that you escaped and came back to me.”
“I will miss you, too babe. Sometimes bad shit happens. But I don’t want it to define me, or to constantly live my life in fear.”
“So is Jason going to contact you if he finds out that the other mobsters were involved?”
“Something like that. He’ll be leaving soon. I have a feeling that I will never see him again. Everything happens for a reason. Fate works in mysterious ways.”
“Yeah, I hate what you’re been through. But I am grateful that fate brought you to me. If things had worked out differently, I might have never met you.”
“That’s true. We may not understand why stuff goes down the way it does, and life sure comes with a lot of heartache. In the end, I believe it works out like it should.”
Eric tugged me closer to him, wrapping his arm around me. “Are you okay, though? Seeing him after all this time.”
“I have answers to the questions I’ve wondered about for so long. It’s given me closure. Now I can move on whole-heartedly, with no regrets.”
“I have to respect him for coming to check on you—revealing to you about his family and investigating to make sure that his enemies weren’t involved.”
“I bet it kinda helps that he’s married, too,” I teased.
He chuckled softly. “Yeah, that definitely helps.”
Eric gave me a soft peck on my lips. I embraced him tightly—a tranquil feeling washed over me. In my heart, I knew I’d made the right choice in telling him an alternate version of what had happened. I could’ve just told him that Jason wouldn’t give me a valid explanation. Somehow, I felt telling him would be better for our relationship. What I’d told Eric at least gave him some depth of the crazy shit I’d been thrown into. In actuality, it was a warped version of the truth.
Sandria and Eric were two people whom I cared about and trusted. I felt at ease that I’d shared the story with them, but I asked them not to tell my mother I’d run into Jason. She already knew about them regaining their memories and taking off. There was no need to add the mafia facade into the mix. Mom was already a nervous wreck about my kidnapping.

* * *

Another week had passed and I would be leaving for Australia shortly. I’d already said farewell to a teary-eyed Sandria. She’d left for work, and my mom had run to the store to get last-minute items before our flight. It took a while to convince her I would be fine staying by myself until she returned. Bryan was on his way over to say good-bye. Once we boarded, Bryan and his team were going to Australia to do a final check. They would make sure their secret cameras were in place around our new apartment, my school, and the surrounding areas. They already had satellites in orbit surveying different cities all around the world. But I felt extra safe knowing they’d have multiple cameras that would be monitoring my areas specifically. As long as everything was clear, Bryan would be leaving for Kadan tomorrow.
I traced my finger over the unique protective amulet, hanging from my neck. The necklace was so gorgeous with its lilac and pink gems. Sand and my mom had admired it immediately. I’d told them I purchased it at a boutique shop and it was an old family heirloom. My stomach was performing a gymnastics competition, on pins and needles. This would probably be my last encounter with Bryan.


Chapter 16


The knock on the door pulled me from my thoughts. I smiled at Bryan as I let him inside.
“Hi,” he greeted. “Do you have everything packed?”
“Just about.”
“Do you need help with anything?”
“No, I’m good. My mom went to the store to get a few things, and everything else will be shipped.”
“It sounds like you’re all set. If there’s a problem, I will call you on your cell once you land.”
“All right.”
“I’m glad you’re wearing the amulet.”
“So if everything is okay, then I won’t hear from you.”
“I will contact you regardless, and then I’ll head home.”
I’d always have feelings for Bryan, and an emotional connection. But it was different now. We were friends. It was still very hard to say good-bye to someone you’d cared for so deeply, and knew that you would never see again.
“Okay, well, my mom with be here soon. I don’t want any more awkward meetings. I never told her you were the old friend.”
“Yes, that would be uncomfortable. I better get going.”
I stared into his emerald eyes, and he gazed into mine. I was holding onto this moment to release my past and plunge forward into my future. Bryan pulled me into his embrace, hugging me tightly. I wrapped my arms around him, sighing. He still smelled like almond and vanilla. We stayed this way for a spell, and then he released me.
“If you need anything just call or text me, and I will contact you tomorrow.”
“Bye, Bryan. Please be safe.”
“Good-bye, Mel.”
Mom came back ten minutes later. I was glad for the company. There was going to be a lot of change in my life with school and living with my parents again. Relief washed over me that after my hostage turmoil I could start fresh in my homeland. There, I would be surrounded by family and love.

* * *

We touched down after our long flight. I had been restless, sleeping overnight on the plane. I was a little stiff from the twenty-hour flight. It felt good to be in my hometown of Sydney. Once we got off the plane, I turned on my cell phone. I had a text message from Bryan.
Hi, I hope you had a good flight. We have the satellites in motion, and everything is taken care of. We will still be monitoring the area for a while. I’ll be in touch.
Thank goodness there were no problems, and everything was set in motion.
The terminal was crowded and it took forever to get our bags. Finally, we loaded them into a taxi and headed to our new place. I had just lay my head against the back seat when I was jolted to awareness by the sound of Bryan’s voice. He’d told me on Kadan he could speak to people in their minds, but actually experiencing it was another story.
Mel, I’ll be leaving for home soon. I just wanted you to know that if things were different, and we’d met in another life, I would have moved time to be with you. Destiny crossed our paths for another reason, which I don’t think we’ll ever know, but I’m glad it did. Knowing you has made me a better person. I hope you find true happiness because you’re such a wonderful person. You will always have a piece of my heart. Take care of yourself, Melanie Wilhelm.
I gasped and held my tears at bay. It was such a sentimental speech. I was happy he’d said his final good-bye to me through my mind. It was an incredible experience, so different from a verbal conversation. I felt the same way about him. He would always hold a piece of my heart, too.
“Mel, are you all right?” Mom asked.
“Yeah, I’m fine. Just tired, but I am ready to begin my new life.”

* * *

It was good to be home with all of my family and old friends. College at NIDA was awesome. I was psyched to have gotten the opportunity to finish college there—an opportunity of a lifetime. My friends at NYU were green with envy.
Eric and I texted daily, and we talked over the phone a few times a week. It was an adjustment not seeing him on a regular basis. We’d get to see each other soon. Eric had made plans to fly there for Thanksgiving. This was just temporary. After Eric graduated he planned on moving to Sydney.

Thanksgiving break had come in quickly. Eric and I were in my bedroom cuddling. My parents had gone out to the movies. Almost three months had gone by since I’d last seen Bryan. Knowing they were keeping watch over me made me felt safe. I stayed alert when I went outside, but I didn’t feel paranoid anymore. I was finally able to let go of my fears.
I giggled at a joke Eric had just told me. I’d missed him terribly and wanted to enjoy every minute we had together.
“So are you really okay? I worry about you all the time,” he asked.
“Yes, everything is great. No new threats or mafia abductions.”
Eric smirked. “Melee, don’t joke like that.”
I playfully hit his arm. “Better to make light of it, then worry.”
He smiled at me with adoration. “What would I do without you?”
“Luckily, you won’t have to find out.” We gazed at each other with such intensity. His sky eyes held a hint of mischief. “Honestly, this is the safest and happiest I’ve felt in years. I’m so glad you’re here.” I realized that being with Eric made me feel whole. When I was with him I didn’t think about the past. I didn’t have nightmares if he was with me when I slept. Eric was the light out of my haunted past.
“Me, too,” Eric replied. “I love you so much. I don’t know what I’d do if anything ever happened to you.”
My heart faltered. Eric had never said it before. I think he was scared too. He somehow knew I hadn’t completely gotten oven my ex and was waiting for the right moment. He finally took a chance and put himself out there.
“I love you too, Eric.”
His eyes grew wide at a loss for words. “I have been in love with you for a long time, but I wasn’t sure you felt the same.”
“Well, rest assured, I do love you. You’re the person I see myself spending the rest of my life with.”
His eyes lit up with joy. “My future is with you, also.”
Eric captured my lips in a searing kiss. I kissed him back zealously. Things started to go further than they had gone before. I wanted to bind our love—make it permeant. He hesitated for a moment, but I didn’t let him talk. Leaning into him, I sealed my lips to his. He groaned, entangling his hands in my hair. I deepened the kiss and we fell back onto the bed. My body began to feel heated. As we kissed fervently, our hands were exploring each other’s bodies.
Eric and I expressing our love for one another made it much more intense—opening our connection to another wavelength. It was like we couldn’t get to each other fast enough. Eric was holding me tightly, but I only wanted him to grab me even more so. His hands roamed greedily over my body—gliding up my thigh, my hips, my breasts. A surge of passion shot through me. I slid my palm down, caressing his manhood. His rugged breathing in my ear drove me into a near frenzy.
“Eric, I need you.”
“Melee, you don’t know how long I’ve dreamed of this moment.”
We grooved in an erotic dance, both of us moaning in fervor as we became one. No one knew what the future held. But I exhaled, embracing my newfound love.


Epilogue


Four years passed and a lot had changed since I’d graduated from college. Eric and I were living our dream, traveling, and performing live theater. We both worked for the same company, so our schedules coincided. Our hopes were still to pursue our production company in the near future. We resided in Sydney and had been married for two years.
I sat down on the sofa with my glass of tea next to Eric. He was watching the news. He was the best husband I could ask for. Performing theater required a lot of time on the road and could be exhausting. But acting was who I was, and I couldn’t ask for a more fulfilling job. If Eric and I weren’t on the road, we tried to hang out at our pad and spent time together. He grabbed one of my swollen feet and started to massage it. Closing my eyes, my head bounced against the sofa with a thud. His hands were soothing.
Eric giggled. “You look tired. Is the little guy wearing you out?”
I was six months pregnant and on sabbatical. Eric and I were both excited about our first child. Eric was thrilled we were having a boy. “Yeah, he’s really been kicking me today.”
He touched my stomach. “I wanted to talk to you about baby names.”
“What have you come up with?” I asked.
“I haven’t told you about him, but my grandfather was in World War II. He died when I was a young boy, but he used to tell me war stories. He was a war hero and I looked up to him. I don’t want to pressure you, but I would like to honor him by naming our first son after him.”
“World War II, that’s impressive. So what was his name?” I asked, taking a sip of tea.
“His name was Brian.” The tea went down the wrong pipe, and I started choking. “Are you okay, Melee?”
He patted my back, trying to alleviate my discomfort. “It went down the wrong way, just give me a moment,” I said in a raspy voice. After a few minutes, I was able to talk again. “Excuse me. Did you say your grandfather’s name was Bryan? How did he spell it?”
“Yes, it’s Brian. B-r-i-a-n. You don’t like it?”
I cleared my throat. “Yes, I like the name.”
What was the chance Eric would want his son named Brian? But he didn’t have a clue what the name Bryan meant to me. I glanced into Eric’s calm-sky eyes as he waited for my approval. How could I deny him this when it seemed so important to him?
“Since we are using family names, I’d like for his middle name to be Clifton, after my father. He would like that.”
Eric smiled with pride. “Yes, I like it. Brian Clifton O’Conner.”

* * *

Leaning down, I kissed the top of Brian’s head. He had just fallen asleep after a bedtime story. He was one year old now—my pride and joy. He had Eric’s dark brown hair and my light-green eyes. He was so tiny and precious. My whole world centered on him. I now understood what other mothers meant when they said that.
I quietly walked to my bedroom. At first, I thought it would be strange, but my little Brian didn’t remind me of the one I’d known. He was just my little boy. That life seemed like a distant memory. It had transformed me into a different person. I knew the real aspects of life, but respected them. My hardship and the obstacles I’d faced made me a stronger person.
Opening the jewelry box on my dresser, I unlocked the secret compartment. In it held my protective amulet. I had stopped wearing it several years ago. I rubbed my fingertip over the beautiful stone, which looked like an amethyst. Underneath the necklace were two of the pictures we’d taken over the Christmas holidays so many years ago. The pictures were a bit faded. I shook my head, smiling. I was no longer the high school senior who was head over heels in love. I felt a tingle in my chest. Those were good memories, and he would always have a special place in my heart. I was positive his family was well. I returned the necklace and pictures back into the compartment.
Walking out to my terrace, I glanced up into the sky at our gray moon. It was so pale in comparison to Kadan’s three moons. I remembered them so clearly. It was true what they said about the universe being mysterious. Mr. Galvan and I were blessed to have witnessed the things we had. We still kept in touch, and would be lifelong friends. Mr. Galvan lived in Parker, Colorado, and he had found a lovely wife. He also had a son of his own.
I often wondered why we were chosen. We’d never share our knowledge with the world. I just wished I’d learned; what was the greater purpose for our encounter. I might not ever know the reason. Life’s secrets were more mystical than the unknown galaxies. Life had a way of throwing havoc in your path. This evanescent journey had been full of obstacles, but I was now plotting my own fate. I had embarked upon my future and looked forward to whatever challenges that may lie ahead.


Thanks for reading!

The Sonar Series continues with Sonar The Cyclone, coming in summer of 2015.
If you have not read book #1, Sonar The Crashing, then don’t miss the compelling twists told from Shiray’s point of view. There are always two sides to a story.
Please continue for bonus scenes below.


Sonar The Crashing

By
 B. Truly


















Prologue
Kadan


There had always been the question of someone else being out there in the unknown galaxies. Truth be told, there’s not just another species, but there was an all-out war escalating in the Sonar galaxy.
Sonar consisted of three planets. Hydrocesis was the smallest of the three. Its entire surface consisted of water. The second planet, Polaris, was a glacier planet made up of mostly rocks and mountains. The temperatures remained below freezing and the planet had ice on the surface year-round. Life on this planet had to live underground to protect them from the harsh weather.
My planet Kadan, the largest of the three, explored divergent universes and different planets by traveling in our spacecraft. We were able to study planets and galaxies by using our satellite cameras, sending them by hyper drive. The satellites gave us instant live footage once it reached its destination. They charted the atmosphere components, as well as gave us details about the physics and dynamics of a planet. There were hundreds of our satellites spread out around Earth, which we had been studying for thousands of years. The satellites also allowed us to learn all of the different languages around the planet. Our technology was far more advanced, so Earth wasn’t able to detect them. No Kadanan had actually been to that domain because we did not want to interact with another species if it could be avoided. Earth held our interest because humans were so anatomically similar. But the majority of my race considered us as superior beings.
There were similarities between Kadan and Earth. Kadan had trees and hills, lakes and mountains. Our atmosphere consisted mostly of oxygen and nitrogen.
On the contrary, we differed in many ways. Every being on Kadan was born with a special gift and some had multiple powers. The seasons on Kadan were similar to Earth’s, but the calendar and the passage of time didn’t convert to Earth’s—years on Earth were only months on Kadan. We aged much more slowly than humans, a life span equivalent to hundreds of years.
The war with our neighboring planet, Polaris, grew worrisome. We feared we might lose our planet, and the king became desperate. A special crew was deploying so we could obtain the resources we needed to turn this battle around. Earth was the one place that could deliver our redemption. Earth was 300 million light years away, and our mission was about to unfold.

As we boarded the ship, I told Bryan through my mind that I was frightened. He kissed my forehead.
“Don’t be scared, Shiray.”
One of my gifts was that I could communicate to others in their minds, but this was a common trait throughout my race. We soared through space, no one knowing the outcome of our journey. My instincts were wary. Not far from Earth, I was flying our spacecraft when suddenly, the numbers read weirdly. I nudged Nile, who was sitting next to me.
“Nile, look at this. The numbers are flying off the grid.”
“What’s going on?” he asked, glancing at the monitor. “Get Bryan up here!”
Bryan, come to the cockpit quick!
He came rushing in. “What’s wrong?” Bryan asked.
“Something’s wrong with the system,” Nile replied.
“Shiray, I think Syira is asleep. Tell her about the situation,” Bryan said.
Syira, Syira … can you hear me?
Yes, what’s wrong Shiray?
There’s an emergency. Go down to the boiler room and see if there is a leak or something.
All right, I am going now.
“Syira’s going to check out the boiler room to see if there is a malfunction,” I relayed.
Just then, the sirens sounded. “What the hell is happening?” Nile yelled.
“I don’t have a clue,” I said.
We scurried around pushing buttons, trying to determine the source of the problem. Syira came running into the cockpit.
“It’s haywire down there. Sparks are splaying everywhere. I don’t know why.”
The ship began making funny noises, and then rocking. “Did a Polar sabotage our ship?” Nile asked.
No one answered. I felt my eyes opening wider, scared out of my mind!
“We need to get word back to Kadan,” Bryan said. “Nile, hit the distress signal.”
“I’m not sure if they will even receive the signal with the system overload, but I will try.”
“We’re not far from Earth, so we should make it there,” Bryan said.
A deafening siren reverberated through the compartment. The ship did a somersault. I tried to take control of the craft but couldn’t. The system wasn’t responding. I flipped over, hitting my head hard, everything was a blur. Nile made a desperate attempt to regain command of the craft.
“We are going down! We’re going down!” Nile yelled.
“Hit the autopilot, Nile, so we can land in Earth’s atmosphere. And not get lost in space, hurry!” Bryan shouted.
“Bryan, Shiray is hurt! Help her!” Syira screamed.
“Shiray, Sweetheart, are you hurt?” he asked, trying to make his way over to where I was lying on the floor. That was the last thing I remembered. The ship plummeted into Earth’s atmosphere and our lives were left in fates hand.



Sonar The Crashing Bonus
The Crash


* * * Syira * * *


Our ship made a deafening bang. Out of control, we tumbled and spun into the Earth’s atmosphere. I watched in horror as Bryan tried to make his way to Shiray, who was passed out, lying on the floor. Before Bryan could reach her, the ship somersaulted again. He flew across the room hitting his head. I screamed, but Bryan was out cold. Nile frantically beat on the controls, but there was no response. Another loud screeching noise accompanied the other earsplitting sound. The ship began to rock harder; to the point I thought it might explode. Nile glanced at me, mirroring my despair. He grabbed a hold of my hand and squeezed it. Fear overcame me. I tried to beat it down, wondering if the force field would hold or if we would survive.


I woke up disorientated, lying on the ground. Something shook me, and focused my eyes on a guy, kneeling above me. He breathed a sigh of relief.
“Are you all right?”
My head spun with confusion. Nothing was registering. Where was I, and more importantly who was I?
“Are you hurt,” the guy continued.
“No. I don’t think I’m seriously injured,” I finally replied, looking at my dirty clothes. There were also cuts and bruises on both my arms. The guy’s face was smeared with black grit. His hair was tussled. He also had several bruises.
“What happened?” I asked.
“I’m not sure. I woke up a few minutes ago.”
We stared at each other trying to figure out this mystery. There was something very familiar and heart-filling about him. I didn’t remember his name, but knew with complete certainty that he was my brother.
“Can you stand?” he asked, helping me to my feet.
I staggered slightly, gathering my bearings. Darkness surrounded us with only scant lighting from the gray moon. This terrain appeared to be some sort of valley. “Do you know where we are?” I started to panic. It was so frightening knowing terms and concepts, but not knowing anything about myself. Everything was a blur.
“No, I’m sorry. I don’t even remember my name.”
A moaning sound came from a few feet away. We headed in that direction. Lying in the dirt, behind some rocks was another victim. He sat up slowly, holding the big gash on his head. He swayed, almost losing his balance. I knelt down, and placed my hand on his back to help steady him.
“Careful now, you have a nasty head wound,” I advised.
The guy looked at me and I immediately registered who he was. “You’re my younger sister, right?” he asked.
This was not good. He didn’t seem to have his memory, either. It was the strangest feeling, knowing they were my brothers, but not remembering them. Then it dawned on me that someone must have done this to us. It was too much of a coincidence for us all to have lost our memory. Worse yet, we had no knowledge to fight them with. I struggled to refrain from crying.
“Yes,” I replied. Groaning, he tried to get up, then he fell back. I gripped him tighter.
“Don’t make any quick movements,” my younger brother said, supporting him.
“What happened?” he asked, peering around.
“We were hoping you could tell us,” my younger brother replied, looking at me bewildered.
I waited patiently for my older brother’s response. He appeared to be thinking, squinting his eyes. Finally, he said, “I have no idea. I don’t remember anything.”



* * * Shiray * * *


The surface underneath me was hard. I fluttered my eyes open trying to focus on my surroundings, but it was pitch black. The land was open and rocky—there weren’t any buildings in sight. It appeared to be some kind of canyon or valley. Why was I lying in the dirt?
I concentrated, but everything in my mind was foggy. Pushing hard, I willed myself to remember something. My head started to hurt from the effort. Fear consumed me as I realized I didn’t know my own name. With great difficulty I stood up. My body ached, and there were bruises on my arms. My head was throbbing and blood started dripping from it. I reached up to touch the corner of my right eyebrow and gasped. What happened to me? A small whimper escaped my lips as I tried to rein in my terror. My adrenaline kicked in as I started to walk quickly through the dark unknown valley. I called out for help, but there was no sign of anyone. It seemed like hours had passed before I saw movement and lights up ahead. Several figures got out of their vehicles and headed in my direction.
“Thank goodness,” I muttered, as relief flooded through me. They approached and I could see them better now. It was four men dressed in black suits.
“Miss, are you wounded?” one of the men asked.
“I don’t think I have any major injuries,” I answered.
“What is your name?” another man asked.
I bit my lip. “I don’t know.”
“What happened to you?” the first man asked, rising his eyebrows apprehensively.
Shrugging my shoulders, I stared at him blankly. “I don’t remember anything.”
He whispered into another man’s ear. I was shocked that I could actually hear what he told him, since his voice was so low. He’d said, “This can’t be coincidental. I’m sure they all correlate.”
The other man grinned, nodding in agreement. What did that statement mean? This made me feel uneasy, but I shook it off. I was just glad they’d found me. The first man gave me a look that was more devious than soothing.
He gently patted my shoulder. “Come with us, Miss. We work with the law enforcement and we’ll get you to a hospital.”
“Where am I?”
“You’re in Boulder, Colorado,” another man answered.
The name sounded foreign, only confusing me more. The first man said, “It’s obvious you have been in some kind of accident. You have a pretty bad cut over your eye and might have head injuries. Try not to worry about the details now. Let’s get you tended to and we will figure this out.”
Feeling a little more at ease, I followed them to the car. It was frightening waking up alone, bruised, bleeding, and not having any recollection of the reason for it. Even more terrifying, was the realization that I didn’t know who I was.

Explore the story of devastating plots and unwinding twists in the sci-fi, thriller, 
Sonar The Crashing.
Is it more than Déjà vu? With the Romeland family it may be destined to be true.
