
Meridian Chronicles
Hall of Souls & The Book of the Fairies(#1)


WRITTEN BY
M.D. FRYSON

Also by MD Fryson

Meridian Chronicles Series

Black Widow Curse & The Coven (#2)

Fairy Nymphs & The Demon Court (#3)
 Expected September 2019

Book TBA (#4)
Expected 2020









Copyright © 2018 M.D. Fryson
 
 





All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the author.

Published by AMF Publishing
2018



The characters and events in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.



First Edition
Dedication
To take on such a task as writing a book has been a very rewarding experience that even as a writer I struggle to put into words to describe the feeling of seeing it through. I could not have finished without the loving support of my husband.
I owe my deepest gratitude I have to my husband, Austin, who stood by me and supported me on this journey and countless other life challenges.
I dedicate this book to you, Austin, for being my light in the dark and showing me what this life is about.
I love you infinity.
∞


Acknowledgments
Thank you, Todd Engel for the wonderful cover design
Chapter 1
The shrills of the ambulance grew closer as she stood in the middle of a street with the boy who didn’t look both ways before he ran into traffic. Laying there bleeding, his fate seemed uncertain - despite the glowing apparitions looking out the attic window of the old house a few feet away. Meridian looked around, searching for the dark ones in hopes they would not be around this innocent child. She wondered if he was in his last human life, and would she soon meet him in Etheria if he chose to be a guide like herself? 
She stood there with her parents, who, like she, watched over the human race. Driven by their curiosity to see the tragedy unfold, spectators walked right through the spirit guides, invisible to the human eye, as they flooded the street. Meridian could sense the vibrations of the two ghosts who appeared as young boys that were not short of their own curiosity. Still watching from the attic window, their presence hinted at the fate of the boy as he lay fighting for his life.
“Caius, what do you make of this?” said Meridian’s mother, as she looked at her husband, feeling worrisome.
“I don’t know,” he replied grimly.
Just as the ambulance arrived, it was too late. Despite the paramedic’s repeated attempts to resuscitate, this human’s fate became clear to the spirit guides as the small glowing ball of bright light left his body and ascended, disappearing into the sky, leaving behind his lifeless body that the EMT’s struggled to bring back to the world. Meridian was still learning and had many questions already.
“Father, was that his soul?” Meridian asked.
Caius nodded his head as he looked back at the body that was once full of life.
“Yes, that was his soul, and in moments, we will be able to see firsthand his fate and his choice if given one.”
There, as the paramedics continued to try to get his heart going again, another apparition made an appearance and stood there looking at his body.
“What is happening?” Meridian questioned.
“This boy was in his fifth life, his last human life. Instead of taking the journey to choose to have another human life or to become one of us, he is lost. He will remain a ghost until he makes a choice. Maybe the fairies will help him cross over, but it will always remain his choice. Just be happy the dark ones did not show up. The world does not need another addition to the dark world.”
Caius drifted off as though he had more to say but had stopped himself. Her mother, Arianna, motioned Meridian to join her and her father.
“Come, Meridian. There is nothing else we can do. He is lost, and we are needed elsewhere.”
In a moment, the spirit guides arrived at the hospital they frequented to watch over the sick. A young mother who was expecting her firstborn had arrived at the hospital to deliver a son who had decided to make his entrance too early to survive outside the womb. The mother, who was on her own with the exception of her parents, seemed fine aside from the panic of having an early arrival and the badly-timed question of what she planned to name her baby. The laboring mother screamed out, “Aiden!” to answer the nurse’s badly timed question.
Meanwhile, the spirit guide trio made their rounds to see how some of their human lives were coming along in their healing. With so much going on in a busy hospital, Meridian’s usual focus was interrupted by an illuminating being that kept showing up around one of the rooms on the maternity ward floor. She was crying, going in and out of the rooms of all the laboring women. Meridian stared at the ghost and felt deeply for her loss. It wasn’t hard to know what she was looking for. For a moment, her attention was drawn away from the weeping ghost as she caught a glimpse of something dark and sinister. The shadow-like figure moved quickly away from the weeping ghost as if it knew that Meridian took sight of it. The shadowy being, known as one of the dark ones, patiently waited around for the next opportunity. The dark ones could not exist without the bad side of humanity, and they fed on the downtrodden, the violent and the evil within humans. Meridian couldn’t help the shiver that ran down her back as she took in the sight of the figure.
Not too far away, Meridian’s mother stood watching her daughter.
“Meridian!” called out her mother. “Hurry. We are being summoned.” 
Meridian snapped out of her placid stream of thought and moved swiftly behind her parents as they moved to check in on the young mother who had passed on after experiencing a difficult childbirth.
Meridian looked at her mother and asked, “What is happening?”
Caius interrupted.
“This child has decided to make his appearance a little too soon,” he replied.
Her father shaking his head turned his back to Meridian and continued to speak.
“Arianna, I just don’t understand. When the next life has begun, why do they always want to seem to rush into it? In all my time, I have gone to the council with that question and never get a straight answer. They always say that the new life coming into this world doesn’t make its entrance based on the new life alone, but sometimes the mother or father has a lesson or punishment to learn from the previous life. I wonder if this is one of those times?” Caius questioned.
“What do you mean?” Arianna asked.
“Nothing.”
Caius did not want to continue the conversation. He seemed agitated and as though there was more to his question than he wanted to share with his wife and daughter. Meridian heard her father and was trying to put together everything she could.
“It’s time to go. Come, Meridian.”
Arianna motioned her daughter to follow them out of the hospital. Meridian honored her mother’s request but noticed the dark shadows had appeared again and seemed to crawl on the ceiling of the hallway, and she could still hear the sobs of the young ghost who died in childbirth looking for her baby. As they made their way through the portal, their sight became distorted and blurry, almost like the appearance of moving water in a glass. The wind picked up, the ground shook, and the portal to Etheria was right on the other side. With a few steps, the three disappeared leaving the busy hospital behind.
Weeks on Earth passed before the guides portaled back to the hospital. Meridian felt relieved to be back somewhere that was familiar to her. She was anxious to see the progress of the newborn boy named Aiden. Little did she know that there was much more to this connection than she could even dream of and her father’s agitated reaction to questions about his birth. She wandered to the maternity ward and looked through the little container holding baby Aiden. She could overhear the nurses talking about how awful it was that his mother passed away. As the nurses continued their discussion about the newborn’s circumstances, she thought back to the day that Aiden was born and the ghost she saw in the maternity ward. As she stood watching the infant being swaddled as the nurse comforted him, there was another interested being standing down the hall from the nursery. Unnoticed by Meridian and unseen by the human world, he stood and watched Meridian quietly. He appeared human, but his eyes said he was altogether something else. Yellow eyes and reddish skin foretold he was of the dark world. As she heard the baby’s grandparents walking down the hall to take the baby home, her eyes fell on the dark being, and, in that instant, he faded into a shadowy apparition and disappeared. Startled by what she saw and by her mother shouting at her for wandering away from them caused Meridian to jump and move quickly to her mother as she lectured.
“Meridian! What are you doing in here? You were supposed to wait outside the surgery room. We need to go!” her mother scolded.
A portal was opened by her father who had been waiting for the pair. As she walked through the portal with her parents, she turned around to look for the shadow, and all that she could see was an empty hallway where the strange being once stood.
“Mother, did you see that?”
Arianna looked aggravated at her distracted daughter. “See what?” She was motioning to her as she answered.
“The dark ones, they are here and very close,” Meridian snapped.
“Do not be silly; the dark ones need evil, the bad part of humans, to draw their power. There is not much to draw from in the maternity ward. Babies are innocent. I think you are confused or seeing things.”
Arianna turned her back and walked away, and Meridian followed. The portal trip ended with a stopping point at the dreaded headquarters at the palace in Etheria. Meridian did not join her parents but instead went back to the family’s dwelling. 
The couple shared the dread as they waited patiently outside the headquarters to speak with Warrick. With little time, Arianna was too impatient to wait to start a conversation about the baby in the hospital.
“You need to open up to Meridian,” stated Arianna.
“She doesn’t fully understand everything,” Caius replied looking down at the ground, mulling over the event in his mind sharply.
“No. Now is not the time for all of this! She needs to understand that until she has been educated to approval that she cannot wander away, and we can’t always discuss matters in her presence.”
Arianna stood over her husband with her arms crossed. “She does not fully understand why or even who that baby is.”
Caius stood up from is seat. “I forbid it! She is never allowed near that child again.”
Before another word was spoken, the big double doors swung open, and a spirit guide who served as a messenger for the council let them know they were ready. As Caius and Arianna stood up, she looked at Caius in a mixture of fear and disappointment.
“Whenever we are finished reporting, we will talk about this more.”
Caius walked along in front of Arianna and paid no mind to her last comment. 
The huge, dark wood doors opened to a large room and a dark chill.  There at the furthest end, sat the council members. Even though the council was of the highest respect and love for all, they had a very commanding presence and intimidated the majority of the guides.  There were only three, one of which was a woman. The council saw and knew all, but despite their gifts, the guides always had to report their encounters of this magnitude.
 To Meridian’s parents, this was a usual day. However, the council had something a little different in mind.
“Caius, you have had quite a busy time,” stated Warrick as he looked down upon the couple with noticeable tension.
Warrick was a tall, thin being with long gray hair and a lengthy gray beard. He sat in a relaxed slump, and his face rested on his left hand as he leaned on the arm of the tall, dark chair. The other council members who sat on each side of Warrick stayed quiet with their gazes locked on Caius as they awaited his response.
“Yes,” responded Caius in a low voice. “The boy is doing well,” he replied further.
“We know how the boy is; you know this. We have been through these proceedings thousands of times. At this point, there is no need to waste time,” Warrick calmly but cynically responded.
“I’m concerned with other instances. We know about the teenage boy you also watch over, the one that is struggling with his parent’s divorce.”
Warrick sat up and leaned forward as he spoke.
“You are really pushing the boundaries of your duties. You know you are not to get involved with what the humans do and their decisions. You are to comfort, and that is it. In no way are you to show any sign that you are there. Leaving objects for them to find is forbidden!”
Caius, who usually stood in an erect and forward stance, didn’t appear to have much confidence during the exchange.  His shoulders stooped and his eyes rarely made eye contact with Warrick. 
“Warrick, I am very cautious and have never broken the law. I respect it and uphold it. I am just very-” 
“Caius, do not even speak of this to me as if I do not know all, and do not be so presumptuous that I have overlooked your behavior. You know the rules. Consider this to be a warning; you know what awaits you if you don’t. That goes for you too, Arianna! Just being there will be a crime for you,” Warrick scolded.
Caius and Arianna were silent with fear and knew the reckoning that awaited them if they were not careful. It wasn’t necessary for that meeting to be verbally adjourned. It was clear Warrick had nothing left to say and the other two council members sat in silence watching the scolding unfold. 
As the couple turned to leave, two guards opened the door and they too were never allowed to speak of anything that went on.
“Caius...wait.”
The guard who had the tenor knew Caius, and he had known him for most of his existence and had known of every soul he had ever looked over.
“Chance, really now isn’t a good time. I have been dealing with so much, and I don’t want to go into it,” Caius said softly.
Arianna had gone on ahead of him, and with her brisk walk and rapid disappearance.
“Why don’t we get together later at the gathering?” Chance persisted.
“All right, but not for long; I need to get back to the home site to take care of other issues.” 

Chapter 2
 Arianna walked up to the quaint but noble home site. The doors were tall and heavy, and the yard wasn’t a yard at all, just an endless circle of water and flowers around the house.
Meridian was in the library reading the ancient writings of the guides that had lived so many lives before.  Meridian put the book down and locked eyes with her mother.  
“Meridian, I know you are quite aware that you are a special being and that you understand that our family, along with the other guides here, have a job to look after humans. I know that we have just briefly started allowing you to come along, and it must be a lot to take in. It is always a lot for any new guide, but for a guide to be born into the realm has its own challenges as your father and I experienced. Guides become guides after living many lives, but for you being born a guide is a rare happening, which bestows many gifts and burdens. There are other things out there aside from the humans and us. Demons are real and not just folktales that you hear from the other guides.”
Meridian jumped in and stopped her mother from further explanation.
“I know all that. I have spent time with Relic, and he shared a lot with me in his travels. He said that one day you or dad would have this talk,” Meridian rolled her eyes.
“Relic! How dare he step in! He is not a favorite of the council and for things like this!” shouted Arianna.
“Calm down. I know you don’t like Relic, but at one time he and Dad were close, and he is like a brother to me.” Meridian was incredulous.
“Was all he told you about the demons?” 
Meridian decided not to be honest with her mother at the time. She knew plenty, and she also knew about the other plane where humans with extraordinary gifts went to speak to guides and communicate with those who had passed on.
“Is there anything else that Relic told you that I missed?” Arianna asked sarcastically. “I mean, I would hate to step on his toes in sharing with my daughter the necessary life learning that is my job.”
“Mom, stop already. No, he hasn’t, but it can be arranged. I am going to hang out with him later while you and Dad are gone to the gathering.” Meridian perked up with a cool grin.
“I thought you would go with us. I mean you always go. What is it now?” 
Being coy and playful, Meridian just grinned while she got up from the table to leave and said, “I am so bored with those. I mean, it’s always just the elders, and it’s always the same conversations: who is saving who, introducing new guides, and answering the same questions to the new guides. It is like a bad dream that keeps repeating itself. Why is it bad to go with Relic?” 
“Which ones? The ones from the dark side? The newer guides that still have a little human left in them? I really wish you would spend less time with them and more time learning from the teachers,” Arianna scolded.
“I am nearing the time in my life when I am ready to do my work. I will be finished with the teachers, and I will be put to apprentice work with another guide for a while. What difference does it make if I spend a little more time with other guides? Besides, you and Father cannot be the only ones I do fieldwork with. You know this.”
Arianna sighed and looked away. “Okay just make sure that you are back early.”
Relic was always the socialite of the realm, always open to meeting new guides and hearing about their journey. The latest guide that came to gather a couple of months before was a guide who in his former life played in a band and lived a hard life of drinking. The usual life a rock star would lead, but not all rock stars die tragically from drugs and alcohol. His death came at the hand of an automobile accident at no fault of his own. He was survived by his wife. He was only twenty-six and on his fifth life, and when his time came, he chose to be a guide. Being a previous musician himself back a few hundred years ago, Relic was obsessed with the new addition, and they had already made plans to make music together. Music was a large part of a guide’s life.
Relic was fascinating to Meridian, he had lived all his lives before, and he was always excited to share his experiences with her.
 “Relic! How many times have I told you not to do that! Just because we all communicate at the speed of light doesn’t mean you jump in here at that speed and scare the hell out of me!” screamed Meridian.
“Oh, you know I can’t scare the hell out of you because we can’t hold all of Earth’s bad people,” smarted off Relic.
“You just told me you were ready, so I came,” said Relic.
“I know, but it’s not fair that you know how to control your thoughts and what other guides hear in your mind. I feel like I am standing naked in the realm because I cannot always control my thoughts all the time,” said Meridian.
“Oh, now; yes, you can. You just were caught off guard. Now, let us go before they start without us.”
Relic gave a wink and a smile, and the pair left.
Meridian, as beautiful as she was, still did not realize the impact she made on those around her, but she was on her way to realizing just how powerful she was. Still naïve to her world and herself, she always chose to ignore the fact that Relic was deeply in love with her. 
Many times, she had stopped Relic in his tracks, but as he stared at the bright being in front of him, he struggled to place what it was about her that had changed seemingly overnight. Most guides had an allure about them, but she was a little different in that her zest gave her that something extra. With Relic, they left the home site and went to congregate where there were libraries, meditation places and sites for the gatherings. A city of its own, all overseen by the Grand Palace that sat overlooking the city; a beautiful place of which humans could only dream. Full of peace, love, and a quiet retreat to come back to after trips to Earth protecting humankind from the demons who inhabited their world. To the spirit world, this realm was heaven, but unlike any heaven any human could imagine.
Caius had finally made it back, and Arianna did not have to tell him anything. Reading one another’s thoughts had its curses and advantages.
“Arianna, I am glad that you didn’t have the chance to say much to Meridian about the baby in the hospital,” Caius spoke up. 
“Well, I don’t know much, and I was shocked to find out that Relic has been telling her so much. Why couldn’t I read those thoughts? I am so mad at him for stepping in like that,” said Arianna.
“You know when guides reach a certain age or level that they can begin to control their thoughts and disconnect from their parents or other guides. That is something you should have expected. Besides, Relic is harmless, and he is experienced and cares for her. You shouldn’t be so upset,” Caius stated coolly.
 “I know that, but, Caius, you have to understand that she sees Relic as a brother and a friend. I know that Relic likes her more than that. I see how he looks at her. I also know you would love Relic to be with Meridian, and I am afraid you and he both will be disappointed. There is a new guide that came into Etheria. His name is Kieren. What do you know about him?” said Arianna, the worry evident in her voice.
Caius paused, shrugged it off a bit, and said, “I know Relic likes him, and Chance watched over him when he lived out his lives on Earth. I don’t know that much more about him. I have not had the time to ask.”
Arianna looked displeased and felt Caius was holding back.
“I know you stayed behind and talked to Chance after I left. Why didn’t you ask then?”
Caius did not make any eye contact with Arianna and was uncomfortable with where the conversation was going.
“He wanted to talk to me about the council and what happened. There are more important things to be worried about than which guides like Meridian,” Caius scolded.
“I am more concerned about the boy we watch over and the trouble we face over him than this right now,” Caius continued. “Chance seems to think the council’s suspicions are up more than we think. He wants to talk to me tonight at the gathering. We can have some time to visit about Meridian then and see how she is.”
“Good luck,” Arianna sarcastically replied. “Meridian took off with Relic and won’t be there. Unless you can read her thoughts, then not much will happen this evening.”
Caius kept it to himself that Meridian kept her thoughts open to him. Caius did not want to hurt his wife’s feelings. He already knew that his daughter was falling for the new guide, and he was worried. He just had larger concerns with the council and was afraid to let Arianna know too much.
The couple left and went to the gathering. As they arrived, Chance was in his normal place standing at the door of the palace. Warrick and the other council members sat and waited while what seemed like hundreds of guides gathered for their weekly session. Arianna whispered to Caius that she did not see that many fresh faces. Caius and Chance gave one another the nod, and Caius walked over to Chance. Arianna seemed frustrated at Caius as she knew he kept her in the dark on many things. Her gaze shifted and locked onto one of the council members, the leader of their realm. When their gazes met, Arianna had a sudden urge to walk over but did not.
“Arianna!” 
Arianna snapped out of her stare and looked across the room. She could see Pramlee.
“Pramlee, how have you been?” asked Arianna as she hugged the young guide.
“Oh, I am good. Changed up my look a bit,” she said with all grins and giggles.
Arianna gave her a soft smile, patted Pramlee’s back, and said, “Looks good. You are always one to be at the forefront.”
Pramlee had blue hair, black biker-style boots, fishnet stockings and a tank top that showed a little too much. Arianna was not a huge fan of Pramlee, but despite being born to a certain privilege, she felt sorry and could not help but have a soft spot for her.
“Pramlee, have you seen Meridian lately?” asked Arianna.
“Well, yes, I saw her earlier but not for long. I saw her leaving with Relic. She said that they were going to meet up with some newbies. I will be going later after the gathering. I wanted to go on, but my father would get angry if I missed a gathering,” stated Pramlee.
“Hmmm, yes, I know how Warrick is about those things,” Arianna commented as she looked at Pramlee out of the corner of her eye while keeping her face right upon Warrick as he was seating himself.
“Is there something wrong?” Pramlee asked in a worrisome tone.
“No, I just was curious,” Arianna said while softening her answer.
She did not want to share too much with Pramlee. She was gossipy and tended to read too much into things. Pramlee looked up to Arianna and looked to her as a mother since she and Meridian were good friends. Pramlee was the life of the group, but she wasn’t the only one. She had a brother who was a little older than she was who was being groomed to take Warrick’s place, or, at least, that was his plan. Pramlee was just his half-sister, and she didn’t live with Slaten. He lived at the palace with their father. Warrick had an affair with her mother, but he never chose to be with her and wanted to keep his original family intact. Even though Slaten was Warrick’s son, he was troubled by his choice of friends within the realm. Slaten was close to Relic, and that was frowned upon due to Relic’s boisterous attitude and the fact he didn’t seem to take his duties very seriously in looking after his humans. Relic got in trouble a lot but never seemed to care, and this attitude concerned Warrick for his son and the realm’s future. Just as gossip exists for humans, it goes all the same for guides. Slaten and Pramlee spent time together off and on, but her real love of spending time came with the circle with Meridian, Relic, Ridge and now Kieren.
Caius was coming back to his wife after visiting with Chance, and it seemed to Arianna he had been gone a while, but he had only been gone a few moments. Chance had disappeared from the room, and the council members were seated and visiting among themselves. Despite what seemed to be a light conversation between the three, their eyes told something different as their deep and cold stares locked on Caius as he walked back. Arianna may have been disconnected from her daughter at times, but she did not miss much where her husband was concerned.
“Caius, what is going on? Why are the council members looking so watchful of you, and where is Chance?” questioned Arianna.
“I really can’t go into that right now, but we will talk about all this after the gathering. It is not anything to be worried about. Trust me,” Caius stated softly.

Chapter 3
Meridian and Relic made it to a hole-in-the-wall establishment. A lot of the guides were regulars of the artistic type and were drawn to humans of the same nature. 
 It was rare that the place was full. With dim and natural lighting from candles, wood tables, chairs, and stone walls made for a great place for guides to read, visit and play music while away from their duties.  The owner, Ridge missed the atmosphere of a place like this on Earth. He decided to build and with establishment while using it as his own personal dwelling away from his duties.
 Meridian and Relic walked through the door with quite a welcome. 
“Hey! You made it! Awesome!” hollered the latest addition to the group, Kieren, who many of the guides had taken a liking to in a brief time.
He was attractive, sweet, outgoing and, of course, was a rock star in his previous life. He was surrounded by two girls sitting quietly beside him and four other guys who were a short distance from Kieren talking among themselves but close enough it was obvious they were all together.
“Hey! Yes, of course, we were coming. Wouldn’t miss this and a way to get out of the gathering for sure,” said Relic.
As sweet and friendly as she was, Meridian was still shy and a little intimidated by the ‘fem fatales’ hanging on Kieren. While Kieren and Relic were exchanging pleasantries and visiting about their favorite bands and music, the girls stared at Meridian with disdain. 
 Relic was usually attentive to Meridian, and he soon took notice and walked over to introduce her to the girls who seemed to be unaccepting.
“Meridian, I would like you to meet Janus and Cora. They are friends of mine.”
“Janus, Cora...meet Meridian. She is a very dear friend of mine,” came Relic’s sarcastic voice.
Relic always had some sarcastic way of letting people know where they stood in the scheme of things and did not ever miss a beat. He seemed almost amused at the scene and snickered as they shook hands reluctantly.
“Have we met before?” asked Cora, the taller and more in charge girl of the two.
“No, but I do come in here some. You may have seen me in here,” Meridian said quietly.
“No, I haven’t seen you in here, but you do look familiar,” Cora said.
Meridian seemed uncomfortable as she watched Cora’s eyes survey her mark on her wrist. 
“What is this mark?” Cora asked.
“The mark that only guides who are born in the realm of other guides have.” Meridian glared at Cora.  The girls did not exchange any more words, but the glares were long enough. The two walked away, but not before leaning over and giving Kieren a friendly pat. 
“Oh, wow, it is so fun to watch those hags look like they are smelling onions!” cracked Relic.
“Shut up!” Meridian slapped Relic as he giggled. “Why do you do that?” 
“They are a couple of hags; they hate anything that is a threat, and it sure is obvious they hate you!” Relic laughed.
The exchange was interrupted by Kieren who had taken notice of Meridian and the exchange between the guides she just met. 
“Hey, man, let us get started. The guys are here, and Ridge said we could take the floor and play for a while.”
Meridian looked around confused as to why the other guides had arrived at Ridge’s place with a gathering taking place where her parents were supposed to be attending. 
Slaten and Pramlee had arrived while the guys were gearing up to rock it out. 
“Meridian, can you watch over things while we have a session?” Ridge asked.
“Sure!” Meridian replied.
The guys suited up and began playing what sounded like an old Elvis song. Meridian did not know much about the music they played, because it was all tunes from another world to her, but one that they knew at some point in their existence. 
As she stood from behind the bar and listened, she thought about how awesome it must have been to have lived the way they did. Meridian’s thoughts drifted back to the last day her parents took her down to the hospital where the baby was born. She thought about how drawn she was to him and wondered how he was and if she would ever see him again. 
The nasty glares of the two hags, as Relic called them, did not matter, and Meridian smiled as she thought of the baby and watched in awe of Relic laughing, singing and having an enjoyable time. 
Relic’s eyes caught her watching him, and he winked and nodded to the hags while he was grinning. Meridian looked over and, just like she thought, they were still glaring at her.  Meridian could not help but smile and giggle to herself and sighed while she shook her head. 
Meridian’s attention diverted once more and now it was Kieren that she watched when he grabbed the microphone and said, “Now that we are finished playing an ‘oldie’ for Ridge up here, let’s get to something a little younger!” 
A tune from a very well-known band, Metallica took over the room. 
Ridge shook his head and shouted, “They aren’t that young!” 
“They are way younger than Elvis!” Kieren roared back.
As they played, more of the curious guides came to see the new addition to their realm. 
Meridian felt a hand on her shoulder. The familiar hand of her father.
“I need you to come back home. Your mother and I have some things we need to talk to you about,” Caius said sternly over the music.
“Right now? Can’t this wait?” 
“No, I need you home now,” Caius insisted.
Meridian and Caius arrived home and walked through the door together to find Chance and her mother.
“What is going on?” 
“You need to sit down and listen, Meridian,” Caius instructed. “Chance and I have visited; he came here to talk to your mother, and now it is your turn. This is very important. Your mother and I could be in trouble, but we are unsure how much. You know, Chance and I have been very good friends for a long time, and I trust him with everything. I just want you to be prepared.” 
“Prepared for what? You are scaring me!” Meridian said.
“Meridian, you know your parents, like most guides here, take care of and look after humans.  They have been watching over a young boy for several years whose parents are going through a very bad divorce. The boy hasn’t taken this all very well,” Chance explained.
“How does this have anything to do with me or about my parents?” Meridian asked.
“It is an unspoken law that guides do not show themselves or make their presence known. The only humans who can notice us are the psychics or the ones who have a sixth sense, like witches. But they cannot see us; they just know we are there. The humans think of us as angels. Your parents - your dad, in particular - were very worried about this teenage boy because he was attempting suicide. Your father could not handle this and decided to move the boy’s journal and left him a gift. It was a piece of jewelry. The boy found it, and he asked his parents about it thinking it was from them. He still does not have a clue, but the council does. They also know that your dad went and made himself known to the boy. He did it the night he made an attempt on his life. The council members are very upset at this,” explained Chance.
Meridian diverted her attention to her father and she asked, “What does this mean? What will happen?” 
“The punishments are different. In extreme cases, where guides break the laws, their souls can be taken away, and they are put into the hall of souls. Sometimes, guides are cast out to Earth to live as humans again. Sometimes, they are cast out as demons, called the fallen,” Chance solemnly explained.
Meridian turned white and all that was heard was the quiet cry of her mother.
“What do you think will happen?” Meridian asked trying to remain calm.
“I don’t know; I just don’t know,” Chance said.
“I already went before the council,” Caius explained. “There was nothing done. I figured this would be over, but Chance came to me and let me know that there is more they are planning.” 
“Well, then everything should be fine, right? I mean, Mom isn’t in trouble, is she?” Meridian moved to sit close to her mother, who was still crying.
“The council knows that she knew what I did, which makes her an accomplice. She could be punished. The council does not always let these things go. I had hoped, but it does not seem it will. I am just lucky that Chance and I are close enough that he came to warn me before it happens. I did not want anything to happen before I had a chance to explain,” Caius replied.
“What is the hall of souls? What does all this mean?” Meridian shouted.
Before another word was said, four of Warrick’s head guides from the palace showed up. The arresting guides walked straight over to Meridian’s parents. 
“Let’s make this easy, Caius. You know we do not want to do this, but we have been ordered,” stated one of the guides. Caius nodded in acceptance and looked to Meridian who had begun to sob in shock. 
“Everything is going to be all right. Please do not worry,” Arianna said as she held her.
Caius was quiet and looked defeated. He walked over to his daughter and said, “Listen to your mother. It will be okay. Chance will check in with you and let you know what will happen. I want you to go and stay with Ridge.”
Meridian slowed her crying, and stared at her father, “What do I tell him? I mean, I don’t know how to explain,” 
“You do not need to worry about that; He will be expecting you,” Caius sternly replied.
As the guards took her parents away, Meridian ran behind them sobbing and crying. As she stood in the doorway to watch, in a flash they were gone and had vanished from sight. She could only hear her dad in her thoughts urging her to gather what she needed and head to Ridge’s place.
 As she turned around to do as her father said, she could no longer hear him nor anything from her mother—just the sounds of her own cries. Before she could take another step, she looked up, and Relic was standing in front of her with a look she was not accustomed to—no sarcastic remarks, no jokes, just quiet. He shook his head, put his arm around her, and gave her a tight and long-needed hug. Not a word was spoken, only cries. 

Chapter 4
In a flash, the rest of the band had made it to Meridian’s. 
“Ridge is waiting at the bar,” Pramlee quietly stated.
“Why is your dad doing this?” Meridian asked Pramlee.
“I don’t know, Meridian; I wish we could tell you more. The sad thing is Chance knows more about things than we do. My father has hardly anything to do with me, and he barely includes Slaten in anything. We know what your parents did, but even with that, none of us feel this is right. Your parents are good beings and have always kept to the law. I wish we could do something,” admitted Pramlee.
Slaten broke his silence.
“Look, Meridian, she is telling you the truth. The only reason I may know even a little more is through Chance.”
Grimly, Slaten ushered  Meridian toward  the door.
“We need to get out of here. Once word gets out, everyone will be here.”
“Why can’t I go to Relic’s?” demanded Meridian who was getting angrier at the situation.
Relic interrupted, “You can’t. We have to take you somewhere you don’t know, where no one can read your thoughts.” 

“What! Why? My father said to go to Ridge’s. I have to do what he said!”
“NO!” yelled Slaten. “That was a cover. You will have to be taken out of here and not told where you will be taken.  Relic will take you where you are going and will stay with you. 
 “I want to go with her and Relic,” Kieren said.
“Why? Why would you want to put yourself in that position? You would be better off going home,” Relic said.
“No! I care about Meridian, and I want to go,” Kieren demanded.
The band members stood in shock and confusion as they looked at the newest member of the group. Kieren and Meridian didn’t know each other hardly at all.
Meridian was surprised at his desire to help her but she was flattered.  Suddenly the sadness she felt momentarily was quelled at the thought of someone else besides her parents and Relic to be worried for her. 
“I want Kieren to go, and nobody is in charge of me,” demanded Meridian.
Everyone shrugged and looked to one another in confusion but went along with it if it meant Meridian doing what was needed. 
Rolling his eyes, Relic said, “Take her hand.”
Looking confused, Kieren and Meridian did as he said. In a flash, they were standing in a small, dark room. 
“Where are we?” Meridian said.
Relic gave out a sigh. “Both of you sit here and don’t leave, and don’t do anything stupid,” Relic said as he looked at Kieren with a raised eyebrow.
In an instant, Relic vanished leaving the two alone together.
Relic arrived in the quarters of the fairy queen who was doing the spirit guides a favor by allowing them in her realm. 
“Relic! It has been so long! I see that things in the realm are not as they should be for you to be here. I take it the council took action?” questioned the cold and mysterious fairy.
She was a tall, thin and frail-looking creature with transparent skin, black hair, and bright blue cat like eyes. They glowed, and something about her eyes always made Relic feel uncomfortable.
“Yes, Selena, you have it right. I am sorry I couldn’t give you more notice, but the council, meaning Warrick, acted sooner than anticipated.”
“Don’t worry about that; they will be fine here - as long as they are kept in the dark as to exactly where they are. I do not think anyone would ever suspect that they would be here, not even her parents. Even if they were to find out, their thoughts are not easily read by anyone from the realm. It also doesn’t hurt that fairies have a few tricks of their own up their sleeves.”
Selena gave a coy smile and a wink, and Relic nodded in appreciation.
“You have always been gracious to us, Relic. More than your kind would ever be, and I told you that I would be here for you if you needed something. I just hope the other two here share your gratitude. We fairies don’t take kindly to ungrateful gestures,” Selena said.
“Your unspoken message has been heard and I will see to it that your kind gesture will be returned.” Relic bowed as he finished speaking.
“Very well. Anything here you need is yours, and if there is anything you need that you do not see, all you have to do is ask. My daughter is particularly interested in helping you, as she has always been fond of you, Relic,” Selena urged.
“Yes,” Relic uncomfortably replied.
In an instant, she was gone, and Relic stood alone in the bright room full of the smells of anything anyone would want to eat or drink.
Relic left going back to Meridian and Kieren. He knew the favor would need to be repaid to Selena at some point. He just hoped that it was not for Luna. Luna had always had a crush on Relic. His charms always worked on anything female, but at this point, he realized that some of a being’s greatest gifts could become its downfall. He had lived in the realm for so long and had seen so much; he knew that the one person he truly wanted was Meridian.
 As he made it back to the old jail cell where fairies kept menacing beings of different realms, he stood in silence before opening the door. His mind ran wild with thoughts of Meridian, wondering how he could make her see how he felt. He realized that Meridian was coming into her own and that her eyes had fallen on Kieren. 
“Okay, look. I still can’t tell you where we are and please do not ask. Kieren, I hope you realize that you could be here for a while, and I have no way of knowing when you can go back. That goes for you too, Meridian. Which makes this very unfair in a lot of ways. Warrick, for some reason, has had it out for Caius for some time, but no one really understands why. If Caius knows, he is not telling.  The time frame could take just a few days maybe more. I need to go back to try to put more together,” Relic said as he watched Kieren staring at Meridian. “They have set up a small arrangement with two rooms and a living space. You will have to make the most of it.” 
“Yes, I understand, and I know that Kieren does too. I am just afraid that I will never see my parents again. I’m scared. I just need to know that I will see them again, Relic,” Meridian insisted.
“Yes, you will see them again. You just have to trust me and do as I say.” 
“Of course, we will, Relic.  I am thankful and appreciative of what you are doing for my family.” Meridian moved to Relic with open arms and embraced him as he and Kieren locked eyes. 
Relic, who had been a bit tense and worrisome himself, perked up and seemed to feel as though he could conquer anything. 
As the silence descended upon the three in the room, Kieren and Relic locked eyes and exchanged their own silent messages as guides did when sharing thoughts.
“Kieren, I know how you feel about Meridian. You can’t hide this from me. I hope you don’t look at her as just another notch on your rockstar belt. You and I are friends, and I want it to stay that way, but I am the one who will be with Meridian someday. I am giving you a friendly warning that you better not lay a finger on her while I am away. If you do, I will know it without a word said. I love her and care for her, and I am not giving her up that easily.”
Relic’s message was loud and clear in Kieren’s mind and he was offended.
“Relic, just because I have not known her as you have does not mean I care less than you do. Besides, Meridian does not see you that way, and everyone else knows it.”
A knock on the door and broke the stare down.
“It’s time to go, Meridian,” Relic said as he broke his glare from Kieren.
 “Please hurry back with news,” Meridian said.
Relic nodded and unusually didn’t offer anything to say. He shut the door and turned around. Luna had appeared. She made herself visible, and she smiled at Relic.
“Don’t worry. Everything will be fine,” Luna said as she put her arm around him.

Chapter 5
Caius and Arianna were in a similar situation, as they remained in a prison cell of Warrick’s.  
“How could you do this to us? How could you let this happen? You know what they will do to us. They will put us away to our deaths in the hall of souls,” sobbed Arianna.
“No, they won’t. Don’t talk like that.  We have seen worse; you must be positive. Be positive for Meridian,” Caius stared at his wife in frustration as her lack of confidence in him. 
“How can I be positive? Warrick has it in for you and always has. He warned us years ago that we were pushing it. I know you have always wanted a son and that is why you took that boy so easily. If it was his choice to take his life, then there was nothing that you could have done about it,” Arianna admonished Caius further.
Caius watched Arianna as she sat with her arms crossed and her eyes lowered. Her face was swollen and flushed red from her periods of sobbing. Caius reached for her and was about to speak but he was interrupted.
The door opened breaking the tense silence, and there Chance stood grim and alone.
“Chance, I didn’t think we would be able to see you so soon! Can you tell us anything? What is happening?” Arianna shouted.
 “It is not good, not at all.  The trial will come quickly, and they will not let you have any visitors.  Caius, you have to tell me why Warrick has it in for you so badly. I know that you both have a history, but no one here knows the details, or if they do they are not talking. Maybe if you could just tell me, we could find a way to change Warrick’s mind about you?  Let me help you, please.” 
“It wouldn’t do any good even if I told you. It’s complicated. He fears me because I know things about him.”  Caius said, staring at the floor as his mind drifted back to the memories of why Warrick hated him. 
“Ridge...” Arianna’s eyes shot over to Caius. “Ridge, knows, doesn’t he? I know you trust him, Caius. Why else would you use him as a cover to get Meridian out? 
Caius let out a long sigh.  “Ridge knows where Meridian is, but he doesn’t know every sorted detail about the cold war that exists between Warrick and I.”  Caius broke his stare and looked to Arianna.
Chance was antsy as he continued to look out into the hallway of the prison and back to Arianna and Caius. “I don’t care. I have to get out of here right now. I know that they cannot start any trial until all the council members are here, and the other two are gone and will not be back for a while. Once they get here things will move swiftly.”
In an instant the door was shut, and Chance was gone.
The footsteps coming down the hall were quick and moving closer from the opposite direction from where Chance left. 
Arianna and Caius waited in anticipation of who it was and worried if Chance made it out safely. The footsteps stopped in front of the door, and a soft whisper audible from the other side was heard right before the door busted open.
“Relic? You need to get out of here; if anyone catches you here, you will be done for,” Caius maintained a low pitch but forceful tone.
“It’s a trap, Relic; there is always a guard. Now, get out of here!” Caius said.
“Is Meridian okay? Arianna asked Relic, while she cut her angry eyes toward her husband.
Relic nodded and looked at Caius who was still upset from his wife’s previous words.
  “Caius, I don’t even know who you are anymore. All these secrets that you have kept from me, I feel so betrayed and let down.” she walked over to her husband and struck him. Caius looked up  in shock; she had never struck him even in their most intense arguments. She began to sob.
 Feeling to blame for his wife’s state of mind, Caius reached to console her.
“Get away from me! Leave me alone! I cannot trust you. I do not even know what Meridian has to do with this, but I know you know, and you never told me.”
Arianna sobbed in her hands. “I am your wife, and this is our child. I don’t understand why you hide things from me.” She wiped her tears roughly with her hand in anger.
“Arianna, please, now isn’t the time.”
Caius took her hand and pleaded with her with his eyes. Despite her anger, she calmed herself and walked to the door.
“Relic, I know you care for our daughter, and I know you came here to assure us she was okay. I need you to get Ridge and have Meridian brought back.  Her leaving was a terrible idea.  Please do it.”  Arianna said.
Relic was unusually quiet and disturbed at what he watched Arianna do.  With hesitation, he looked to Caius as if he needed his permission.  After Caius collected himself from Arianna’s strike, he nodded to Relic. He quickly turned around without another word and left.
“Now, Caius, you will tell me what is going on and what this has to do with our daughter,” she said.
Caius took a nervous deep breath.
“Okay, but this is a long story. I need you just to let me explain this first before you jump in with anything.”
Arianna walked away from the door and sat next to Caius as she locked her eyes on him.  
 “Do you remember when we first met? We were kids, special like Meridian to be born here, and had extraordinary gifts. We were friends, playmates; we did not have anyone else but each other. Even then, being just like us, Warrick was our friend. As we got older things changed. I know you noticed, but you never said much, so I never thought it was important. Looking back, I wished I would have told you, but we were so happy I did not want to ruin it. Warrick was never the most sociable one of our small group. For the longest time, he had a crush on you. I always knew it. He knew I knew it. We never spoke about it, not until a few nights before we were to take our vows. He came and told me how angry he was at me for stealing you from him. He said if it were not for me that he could have had you, and you two could have a life together. I knew he liked you, but I did not realize it ran that deeply. Sometime later, after we married, he was given the opportunity to sit with the council and, of course, you know the rest. That is not the problem now, but even after we were married, he spoke to me only if he had to. As you know, he married as well to a guide that came into the realm; Farrah was her name. I ran into Warrick sometime after he married her, and he told me that he only married her because of his position. That the guides here felt better if he had a wife and it was a family head in charge. They had Slaten. When Slaten was still young, Warrick had an affair with another spirit guide.”
Arianna was growing impatient.
“Yes, I know all of that, but I still don’t see what this has to do with Meridian. I knew that Warrick had a crush on me, but I thought it was puppy love. Something that he would grow out of.”
“Well, I am rehashing all of this, so you will understand more. Warrick’s affair landed him Pramlee, who, of course, we know. Only I knew who her mother was. Everyone thinks that the woman Pramlee lives with is her birth mother, but she is not. When Pramlee was born her mother threatened to go to the council and Farrah to tell them everything. Warrick could not handle that. He abused his power and sent her to the hall of souls; he killed her, Arianna. Anyone who suspected things was quickly hushed. He did eventually tell Farrah about the affair. He told her that Pramlee’s mother attacked him, and he had to do what he had to do. He begged Farrah to forgive him. I do not think she really did because later Farrah had an affair with a guide named Talon. Do you remember him?”
Arianna was deep in thought.
“Yes! I do remember him, but he wasn’t here long. The council tried him for abuse of his powers with a human, right? That was recent? I never really knew him. I just heard that he got into some trouble and was cast out.”
“You are right Arianna, but he wasn’t tried for the instance with the human. There was an instance with a human, but that was a cover for Warrick’s real reason to cast him out. Warrick hated Talon, but at the same time, he knew he could not say a whole lot about his wife’s affair with him because of what he had done. She promised to remain quiet if he would allow her to continue her relationship with Talon. Meanwhile, it was agreed that Pramlee should live with one of the servants in town to care for the child. Most people just thought that was the woman with whom Warrick had the affair. Pramlee’s mother came here but was very brief, and Warrick kept her hidden away from the prying eyes of the guides in the realm. Later, Talon was out doing his work on Earth and had taken on looking after a young woman. As you know, as we sit here today, we are forbidden to allow ourselves to be seen. Talon could not resist himself with this woman. He made himself known to her, but she never suspected who he was. She just thought that he was any other human man. From their relationship came a boy. But before the child was born, there was a trial held with the council for Talon’s inappropriate behavior. As you know, he was cast out.”
Caius paused. Listening intently, Arianna was puzzled.
“He was cast out into the hall of souls; he is asleep. Right?”
“That is what Warrick wants you and everyone else here to think. He was cast out all right, but Warrick’s hate just would not let him sit asleep up here with us. He cast him out as a demon. He is on Earth and has turned to the dark side.”
Caius stopped to take the measure of his wife’s response.
“What? How? Why? This is who we have watching over our realm? He is no different than what we see among humans every day. Are you telling me this is our fate?”
Arianna was panicked.
“No, Arianna, I don’t think it is our fate. Farrah is angry at Warrick. This event is still very fresh. Do you remember the day at the hospital when we took Meridian?” Caius asked gently.
Arianna looked puzzled but answered. “Yes, I do. That was the day that Meridian was caught in the nursery.... Oh, my God. No! That cannot be Talon’s son? It is! That is why you were so against her being close to him.”
Now in shock, fear and distraught, Arianna ran over to Caius and held him.
“Now Warrick knows that the boy is born. Farrah knows that the boy has been born and that he is the son of a guide—but not just any son. The child’s name is Aiden, and he is in his last human life. This is going to be his final life, and at the end, whenever that time comes, I am worried for him that either he will never be allowed the choices all humans get when their time comes or he will be a dark one like Talon? I fear what Warrick will do. With Farrah still alive there may be hope.   I did not want Meridian being drawn to him because I am afraid with Talon running around he will be close to Aiden, and I do not know what kind of influences Talon would have as a demon to a young boy. And what those influences will do with Meridian watching over him, protecting him. Even if he is of a good heart and demons cannot draw power from his existence, I do not even know what kind of a boy he will be. He is not necessarily a normal human boy. He is a son of a once human man, but a guide. He was conceived from good, but we cannot know what this would do to Meridian. That is why I have behaved the way I have and why I was wanting to see her with Relic. Can you forgive me for what I have done? I just didn’t want to worry you about things,” Caius begged.
“Arianna, I have loved you all of my life, and I wouldn’t imagine ever doing anything to hurt you. But with these things happening, I am afraid for us. I am afraid that Warrick will cast me out leaving you here for him to do what he wants. After all these years, I still believe he loves you and would do anything to have you with him. Not only does he hate me for his belief that I stole you, he hates me for knowing what I do about his life. Most of it I did not find out directly from him. Chance has told me things, and I managed to put it together myself.  I am afraid my time here has ended, and I can’t leave knowing I hurt you and didn’t give you the truth.”
They both sat and held each other crying, knowing now the reality of what was to come. Their crying was interrupted by an abrupt kick to the door.
When the dust settled, Caius and Arianna could see the smiles coming from Ridge and Relic. Not far behind, Chance was shouting,
“Hurry up. We don’t have time!”
Even in the most stressful of times, Relic could not help his sarcastic remarks.
“Now, come on you two. What were you expecting, a red-carpet invitation? Let’s get out of here!”
Relic was on his way to take Arianna by the hand but, on his way by, he had to stop momentarily to slap Ridge.
“Geez, Relic, is there any time you are ever normal? We are breaking into a prison and breaking out at least one person that Warrick wants to see burn. We will be sitting right beside them when we get caught and cast out. How can you be so happy?” Ridge was clearly upset.
“Ridge, you always are so serious and uptight. Be positive. All is not lost. I may be crazy, but I am not stupid. Besides, it’s always best to go out with a bang!” Relic said with zeal and a huge laugh as he and Arianna ran down the long hall to the exit of the prison. Looking confused, Caius ran along with them with Chance and Ridge at their side.
“You know, you will be cast out for this if we live through it,” Caius remarked.
Chance looked up. “Oh well, I never did like my job anyway.”
Caius looked to Chance in amusement but with a small glimmer of surprise in his eyes.
At that moment, as they all forged down the dark, narrow hall of the prison, Caius watched his wife running alongside Relic. Even though, in that moment of haste and fear, he watched her not knowing if this would be the last time they ran free. Everything seemed to be in slow motion in his mind. His life as a father, a husband and a protector flashed through his mind—images of the hundreds of lives he watched over. As much as he never wanted to leave any of them behind or alone, in a flash, everything he came to know hit him, and he knew he could not go with Arianna and his loyal and trusted friends.
Caius slowed down to a stop and watched as they ran ahead to the door. Caius knew that this was too easy and more than likely, this was a trap, but if there were any chance to save his wife and daughter he had to sacrifice something even if it were for just the time being he would not know for sure. Chance, who loved Caius, knew in a thought and slowed down to turn and look back at Caius who stood with a hint of a smile. Relic and Arianna, who had run ahead, stopped and turned to look at Caius. Caius sent his thoughts.
“You know I love all of you, especially you, Arianna, the love of my life. I know you are safe and you will be okay. I cannot go with you now; I must go and fix all I have done wrong. Even if I fail, I cannot allow you, any of you, to suffer for me. Arianna, go with Relic and Chance. I know they will take care of you. Do not worry about me. I am with you in my heart no matter what may come of me. I love you.”
In an instant, Caius was gone from sight. Arianna stood beside Relic crying, but she knew he was right. Ridge, Relic and Chance looked at one another and then to Arianna.
“It will be okay, I promise. We will take care of you and Meridian. I know where Meridian is. Caius is right; the only chance we have at keeping him alive is to keep you two separate. Warrick will not hurt Caius if he cannot find you. I can take you to Meridian.”
Relic calmly comforted Arianna.
“We have to get out of here; this has been too easy. Once they realize Caius is gone, they will come looking for us,” Chance insisted.
Without a further word and through her tears, she took Relic’s hand, and they followed Chance’s lead. Ridge was not far behind. 
“Where will you go, Chance? They will come looking for you, and I don’t want anything to happen to you,” Arianna cried.
“Don’t worry about me. I have my connections, and I will be fine. First, Ridge and I must find Slaten and Pramlee. I know they have no idea what is going on. They are trying to find out more about Warrick and his plans. I will find you both. Don’t worry.”
Chance was always reassuring, brave and steady.
“What about you, Ridge?” Arianna expressed her concern.
“Don’t worry about me. I will not be going with Chance right now. We all have our work to do, but I promise we will be together at some point to put everything together. Relic has more connections than Grand Central; some are questionable though I might add,” Ridge said as he gave a look to Relic that implied he did not approve.
“But they are resourceful.”
Ridge gave some credit to the edgy and witty guy Relic was.
“Hey, you are just jealous because people like us know how to have a good time. You are just angry because you like outdated music and dress like Barry Manilow.” Relic laughed as he gave his snarky remark.
“I am going to let you get away with that one because we all could use a laugh at my expense, but I will add that you are just jealous of me because I play better than you, and don’t get me started on dressing. You are the one who looks like you raided the Mad Hatter’s closet and KISS called. They want their makeup back!” Ridge said with a smile.
Just before Arianna was going to tell them to shut up and ask what they were now waiting for, the two guides from the tavern who had shown their disdain for Meridian appeared by the road leading out of the realm.
“Who are they?” she asked Relic.
Before Relic could reply, Chance interrupted.
“This is where I go; I will find you all later.”
In a flash, he was gone, and Relic turned with a small smirk to answer.
“Well, Mrs. ‘A’, they are just a couple of friends or connections I have that will help us out. They tend to be busybodies but, as previously mentioned, resourceful.”
Ridge leaned over Arianna’s shoulder and whispered in her ear. “Yes, they are very resourceful, and they do offer all kinds of connections with the male persuasion here in the realm. So, I think Relic’s description of ‘busybodies’ is putting it lightly.” 
“Hey, just because they like me doesn’t mean I... They come and listen to our music as their outlet from all their work with humans.”
In the company of the mother of the girl he was falling for, Relic was unusually uncomfortable. Ridge could not help but capitalize on his friend’s discomfort.
“Oh yes, Relic, we know how they just like every guy here. Oh, I’m sorry. Did it escape your attention they let anyone plug into their outlets?” Ridge smugly said in his calculating voice.
Relic was grinning but nervous.
“Just because the only attention you get is from the old lady down your street who died in her nineties and was an Elvis freak doesn’t mean all my connections are nonfigurative!” Relic shouted.
“Will you two please shut up!” Arianna shouted as she walked on ahead to meet the girls.
Ridge was doubled over laughing, and Relic just looked over at him and said, “I am going to remember this. I hope you are satisfied.”
Ridge resumed his posture.
“Of course, I am satisfied; I needed a good laugh!”
Ridge, still laughing, began walking away leaving Relic standing for an instant, muttering under his breath.
“I don’t wear makeup.... It was one time for the show, and I needed a little eyeliner and glitter. I am not the only one who wears it. Kieren has been known to shine up too ya know!”
The more Relic spouted off, the harder Ridge laughed. Arianna had turned and was with the two provocative women.
“What’s with those two?” Arianna spoke up.
“They are always like this, sometimes worse,” stated Cora.

Chapter 6
It had only been a few hours in realm time. It was hard to keep up with time changes through different planes. Meridian and Kieren had made themselves at home in the small chambers that Selena had prepared for them. 
Kieren came into the realm as the new toy and he was steadily growing as a favorite.  Meridian continued her gaze on him, not paying any mind to being caught staring.  
“Are you, all right?” Kieren asked.
Meridian snapped out of her gaze and blinked her eyes rapidly.
“Yes, I am. Sorry. It has been quite the day, and I am just so overwhelmed.”
Meridian perked up, trying to shake the embarrassment of her stare, she walked to the setting area where there were a couple of chairs and took a seat.  
Meridian looked back toward and smiled.
“Why did you come here with all of this? You have not been a guide very long, in fact just a few short days. You don’t understand how things work here, the people in charge, or what they are like,” Meridian insisted.
Kieren moved closer to Meridian, standing next to her while she remained seated.  He leaned in closely, resting his elbow on the back of her chair. 
“Ya know, you should give me more credit than that. Relic has told me a lot and so has Slaten. I knew what I was risking when I came here with you, and I guess I do not care. I have wanted to get to know you more.”
Meridian’s face lit up with surprise.
“Get to know me? The few times I see you...well...you do not really seem to want to talk to me. In fact, I didn’t even think you noticed me at all,” Meridian said.
Despite how he was feeling, Kieren could not get Relic’s words out of his head, and even as brave as he was in some ways, he still had a bit of ego that snuck in from time to time. 
As Meridian sat there and looked into his eyes with curiosity and excitement, his old ways and the fear of Relic’s last words just would not leave him.
“Well, yeah, I want to get to know you. I do not know what would have ever made you think otherwise. I notice all kinds of girls,” Kieren spouted off.
Meridian slouched from her upright posture and looked puzzled.
“Oh, yeah, I guess so. Especially with being in a band and all. I am sure it is easy for you to get a girlfriend or a girl’s interest. So, can you remember anything from your life before?” Meridian asked.
“Not really. I can remember how to play things I liked. I cannot remember people or places I have been or what happened to me. I can’t even remember coming here,” Kieren said questionably.
“Hmm, that is what I hear. Seems when guides get here they cannot remember anything at all. They just melt right into everything here and knowing what to do to guide their humans almost comes second nature as though they have been doing it all along. Relic said when he first came, when he was taking care of one of his humans on Earth, he got the distinct feeling he had been at that place before and felt like he knew the person, but he could not remember how. He started spending increasingly more time in that place. It was some small town in Colorado. He said he loved the mountains and the atmosphere there. My dad told me a lot of that is old memories. Like maybe Relic lived in Colorado at one time in one of his lives, and even though he can’t remember it exactly, he still has that connection,” Meridian explained.
“When will I get a human to look after? How does that work?” Kieren asked.
“Well, when you go is up to Warrick. Who you look after is who you choose.”
 “How long does a guide typically wait?”
Kieren was excited to hear more and to know what was in store for him. “Like you, Meridian, who are your humans? When did you start?” Kieren’s voice was lighter, quicker and his face carried a big smile.
Meridian’s feeling of importance dwindled.
“Well, really, I am not like you totally. I have never lived a human’s life. My parents never did either. We were born here in the realm. In a way, it has its perks, and we have certain gifts that other guides that were humans before do not possess, or if they do take many years to acquire. I have a mark here on my wrist that my parents have too.”
Meridian showed Kieren the small silver infinity mark that ran the long side of her wrist, almost like a tattoo. Kieren peered over her wrist for several moments looking at the strange mark.  
“So, you aren’t like most guides here?” he asked.
“No, not really. I mean we watch over humans, and being I am coming of age, the council is allowing me to go out and work with my parents. I recently went with my parents to help a boy who had been injured in an accident. I did have the chance to see the newborn. I was not in the room for his birth, but I was able to get away for a short while to see him in the nursery. I have never seen a newborn or a baby for that matter.”  Meridian looked into Kieren’s eyes as he hung on every word she said, then she continued her explanation. “The only things I know in our realm are souls who are older...or have lived their lives. I have seen some live hundreds of lives, and then they come here or get chosen to come here for their knowledge. So, I have never really had any friends except for Warrick’s daughter Pramlee.” Meridian explained.
Kieren listened to Meridian’s words with delight and was mesmerized by how she talked of her life in the realm. As she spoke of the baby boy in the hospital that she was so taken with, he stared at her eyes. Even as her eyes glanced around the room as she spoke...he could not help but stare. “Kieren, are you even listening to me?” Meridian interrupted Kieren’s trance.
“OH! Yes! Sorry.... I was paying attention; I promise.... I just couldn’t help but notice how pretty your eyes are and that you have a nice smile,” Kieren honestly explained.
“What? Whoa, now you sound like Relic. You can tell you two hang out a lot. If you were bored, you could have told me,” Meridian snapped.
Kieren paused, and his face was puzzled. He was a player, and, to a degree, he was playing Meridian a bit, but not for just his own purposes. He was concerned with Relic and what he had said. He wasn’t quite sure how to take  Meridian.
“No, really, I mean it. I will let this one slide because I think that one thing you haven’t learned by being here is how to take a compliment,” Kieren smugly spouted; he was trying to be playful with her.
He reached over to her side and gave her a squeeze hoping to tickle Meridian into lightening up with him. She squealed with laughter and bent over in an attempt to get away from Kieren’s grasp. As Meridian pulled away more, he continued to tickle her. Meridian threw herself on the floor to get away from Kieren’s grasp. He was not going to give up that easily and jumped down and straddled her sitting on top of her holding her down with his hands. Meridian’s giggles simmered as her face turned red. She had a soft smile on her face despite her mild discomfort. She had never had anyone touch her that way before, and it was just as exciting as it was uncomfortable. Feeling embarrassed as Kieren’s eyes were deadlocked on her, she turned away while keeping her grin. Kieren’s grasp on her wrists softened as he leaned forward to kiss Meridian. She turned her head to meet his lips...then paused.
“I have never...kissed anyone...not like that,” Meridian whispered.
She looked away in embarrassment. Kieren leaned forward and whispered in her ear.
“Neither have I. Not in this life.”
He wanted to comfort her, make her feel that she was no different from anyone else at any point in time. What was becoming clear to Kieren in only the fleeting time he had spent with Meridian was that he was falling for her.
 She turned and met his lips with hers. They were still, and all that could be heard was the shallow breaths they exhaled at the moment their lips touched.
“Can you understand me, Kieren? As we lay here, I can’t bring to words what I feel at this moment.... Do you hear me?”
Before Kieren had a chance to respond to the traveling thoughts, a loud bang startled them both. In a flash, Kieren pulled away from Meridian. Startled, Meridian sat up looking around. There, standing beside Kieren, holding him, was Relic, whom she had never seen act in this manner before now. Arianna ran up behind Relic. Being the busybodies, they were, Cora and Janus could not help but run up to see what the fuss was. Cora was right there beside an angry Relic, and Janus stood behind Cora with her arms crossed. Arianna wasn’t going to be silent on this one.
“What are you doing, Meridian? Here it is; your father and I are going through a nightmare, and you are laying on the floor with some boy you barely know!”
Kieren jerked away out of Relic’s grasp and looked up at Arianna. Kieren wanted to help Meridian up as she came to her feet, but he was unsure how her mother would react to any further contact. Relic took his hand and shoved it into Kieren’s chest.
“I told you to keep your hands off her!” Relic screamed.
Kieren was not going to have any other. He shoved Relic back and said nothing. Everyone in the room scattered. Arianna grabbed Meridian and pulled her into the bedroom. Cora and Janus got out of the way of the fight that was taking place and quickly escalating. Out of nowhere, Ridge and Slaten appeared but could not get to the suitors. Before Slaten or Ridge could get to the suitors, Kieren had already taken a swing and punched Relic in the nose.... Blood was running down his face. Relic ducked and tackled Kieren right into the wall, shattering the fairy decorations and a lamp in their path. Rolling around on the floor, Ridge grabbed Relic, and Slaten quickly grabbed Kieren.
Cora jumped in the middle.
“Both of you stop it!”
 Relic and Kieren stood stiff with anger and in sync, they jerked away from Ridge and Slaten who held the fighting ones apart.  Out of breath and bleeding, they both took a minute to regain composure while their narrowed eyes remained locked on one another. 
Kieren was the first to break his stare and he abruptly left the room looking for Meridian and abruptly ran into Arianna.
“No way; you are to stay away from her. I think we have all had quite the time with everything going on. She isn’t coming out anytime soon, and I suggest you find somewhere to get away from Relic.”
“I am sorry. I wasn’t trying to do anything to your daughter that she wasn’t okay with—I promise. Can’t I just see if she is all right? Please?” Kieren insisted.
Before Arianna could answer, Relic fount the two of them and  interrupted.
“Kieren, I need to talk to you now.”
“Screw you, man. What you did was wrong and none of your business. This isn’t over, and we will be seeing each other, but it won’t be for talking.”
Kieren stomped off and went back into the great room where everyone else was.
“Arianna, I am sorry....”
“Stop. I don’t want to hear it. I know you have feelings for my daughter, and I know Caius likes you. Even though I do not approve of Kieren, I do not approve of you either and what you did. You stay away from my daughter.”
Arianna walked away leaving Relic standing in the hallway. She went out to the great room where Janus and Cora sat talking to Ridge and Slaten. Kieren was sitting in a chair by himself. Cora could not resist with her own agenda and her selfish obsession to have everyone’s attention.   She took pleasure knowing what was happening, and he slight smile was the giveaway. 
“Hey, are you all right?”
Cora stood over Kieren as he stared at the floor.
“Yes, I am fine, and I really don’t want to talk about it,” Kieren muttered.
“It’s cool; we don’t have to talk about anything. I just was concerned about you, and I know that it must bother you being new to all this.  Relic, the one close friend you have right now you are fighting with can’t feel great,” Cora sat herself right next to Kieren who still maintained his eyes to the floor.
“Yeah, I know.... I know. I know I should talk to him, but I am too mad right now. He had no right to do that!” Kieren shouted as he brought his eyes up to Cora.
She could not help but seize her opportunity with Kieren and lead him right down the path to her even if it meant a little white lie.
“I don’t understand why Relic didn’t get angrier with you. I mean, they are somewhat of an item. They just keep it a secret. How could you blame them? I mean, look at what her mom did? Now she has Meridian locked up in a room alone. Not only is she mad that you and Meridian seemed to have something started, but Relic and Meridian will also have issues, and when the mom finds out about Relic, then there will surely come drama,” Cora snidely spun the story.
“What are you talking about? They are not an item, and I know that. Relic just likes Meridian and has for a while,” Kieren defensively remarked.
“That is what they want us all to think, silly. Do not feel bad. We all were fooled for a while. We all pretend not to know, or at least I do, but I know better.” Cora continued spinning her story.
Kieren sat in silence going over in his head what Relic told him before they left. He could not believe what Cora said, but then again, he was new to this world, and he doubted what both Meridian and Relic had told him. He could feel the anger building up inside. He had a hunch that Cora liked him, but he was no stranger to women having an attraction to him, and he understood the jealousy around love interests. Out of his frustration, he decided he had all he could deal with for one day. Kieren was facing a rollercoaster of emotions that were ignited by the kiss he shared with Meridian, fueled by the scrap with Relic and then added to by being told he had to stay away from Meridian. Before Cora could say another word, Kieren stood up and marched toward the door and took off.
“Kieren, no! Do not leave! You can’t risk us all!” Relic shouted hustling toward the doorway that now stood empty. 
It was too late. Kieren had vanished from sight.
“Great! Now, look what you did because you let your stupid temper get in the way!” Slaten scolded Relic.
“Now what are we going to do? A new guide who has no control over his thoughts has left us vulnerable! Great! Way to go, Relic. I am going to kick your ass before my father gets hold of you, and then again after I am going to kick it some more! Geez, who is the damn brains of this operation?” Slaten ranted.
“Would you relax, Slaten? C’mon, you all really need to find ways for anger management. I can hear you all the way down the hall. I am sure you woke the fairy dead.”
Silence fell over the room, and there was Pramlee ignorantly saving the day. She looked puzzled as she stood there in mild amusement and confusion.
“What? Why is everyone staring? Kieren is fine. I ran into some of my fairy friend folk. They snatched him up in a flash and put him into another room.” Pramlee spoke with a grin on her face as she checked her black fingernails for signs of wear.
“So where is Meridian?” 
“Wait just a minute. What do you mean they put him in another room?”
Slaten walked over to his sister.
“They all might not know how you are, but I do, and nothing you say is ever just what it is.... Spill it,” Slaten lectured.
“Oh, all right. You don’t have to be so cranky.” Pramlee snickered.
“No, no. No. Wait. You were with us when we left and came here to the fairy chambers.”
“What happened since then?” Slaten pressed.
Pramlee walked away from her pushy brother and sat down on the couch. As she took her seat and pushed Janus out of her way without apologies, she explained, “Well if you would calm down that is what I was trying to explain to you. So, after we got here, I took a little detour and went and visited one of my friends here on this side and we chatted a bit. When I finished, I was walking down the hall and saw Kieren running out. So, we had him put in a room to himself. I mean really, did you see his rage? He needed to be put away. Besides, who said we could all be running around anyway?” she questioned.
“Never mind, Pramlee. At least we know where he is, right?” Slaten asked.
“Uh well, you see that is the kicker here. No, we do not. Honestly, what is the big deal? We are safe here, right?”
Pramlee was back to her confused self. “Where is Meridian?” she inquired further.
Ridge rolled his eyes back in his head.
“I can’t deal with this, really, Relic. By the way you both act, I don’t understand why you and Pramlee never were an item—always floating around causing chaos and never a clue what is really going on,” Ridge sarcastically remarked.
Arianna could see the tension rising as she walked over to Pramlee.
“Dear, she is in the back room. I will take you there.” 
Relic and Ridge stepped out into the hallway to look for Luna to see if they could find out where Kieren was. All that were left in the room that had been destroyed by the fight was Cora, Slaten and Janus who had not spoken a whole lot until now.
“What is the plan now? Kieren is missing, Meridian, Arianna and Pramlee are in the back. Relic and Ridge are looking for Kieren, and we just sit here. I thought when we left the plan was we wait here for Chance to see what information he could find. With everyone fighting, I don’t see how we can all stay here like this,” Janus told Slaten.
“We have to stay here, Janus. We cannot move until I find out from Chance what he knows. My father would not ever tell my sister or me anything. Even though by living with him I pick up on things, he is always very guarded about guide business. I am sure Kieren is fine, and it may be good that he is alone for a while to cool off, and I know Relic is mad at himself right now for letting his temper get out of control. Chance will not take too long to give us an update. By the time you all had caught up with Pramlee and me, Caius had taken off, and no one knows where he went. The only person that would have a clue is Ridge. There just has not been any time for us all to talk,” Slaten explained.
“You are right,” Janus spoke up. “We all need to cool our heels and take solace that for the most part, we are all safe for a bit. We all need to talk together and get everyone on the same page.” 
Janus was as promiscuous as she was logical. Slaten was not too fond of her or Cora, but he knew logic when he heard it. Looking across the room he noticed that Ridge and Relic had returned.
“Kieren is fine; he is in another holding room. We tracked down Luna. She cast a spell on Kieren and put him to sleep. She said he would be out for several hours. She also said we better get things under control too or Selena will not be doing us any more favors,” Relic lectured.
Ridge broke the silence. “You know we all are probably going to be cast away when we go back. Warrick will see this as betrayal, us helping Caius break out and hiding Arianna here.”
“That isn’t totally true. We do have an ally right here,” Relic interrupted.
“Who? Here in the fairy realm? Please, the fairies cannot be trusted, and whatever they do for us we always must return the favor. They never get involved in a guide’s business. In fact, they do not even get involved much in the affairs of humans anymore. We have not used them for resources in ages since the humans are so out of touch with the messages fairies would pass for us. We have lost our relationship,” Ridge stated dismissingly.
“Ridge, I know you are uptight, but really, just think about it.”
“Yes, I won Selena a favor or two, but she has always helped me out in the past. I think if I could talk to her and tell her what is going on she may help us out again. I know the fairies have never been fond of Warrick and his ways. They blame him since humans have lost their faith in them and even us,” Relic explained.
“It wasn’t always like this, guides being so limited with their interaction with humans, especially ones who needed us. Where do you think the humans get all their stories about ghosts and guardian angels and all that? At one time, we were revered and noticed—even loved. Now, any human who says they know they have a guardian angel or sense anything is made fun of or told they either crazy or a witch. Since Warrick took over and made the rule that we can’t be seen, and with the advances in technology, humans don’t look to us anymore. Now, we don’t need the fairies to send messages through the wolves,” Relic explained.
Humans have grown disconnected from nature and anything spiritual. Now, they spend all their time fighting over politics and religion, or they stay glued to their phones or watching television. It’s too bad that they don’t have any idea what is really in store for them, and even the ones now who have lived a few lives before still do not have a clue. They won’t know until they come here or learn their lessons as a human.” Relic stopped, and Ridge and Slaten sat in silence taking it all in. All three sat together in silence, lost in their own thoughts about what was happening and what could be.
“As much as I hate to agree with you, Relic, I think it’s worth a shot. But let us wait for Chance to get here and find out first before we debt ourselves even more to the fairies.”
Slaten muttered, “All of our lives will be different in a very brief time in many ways no matter what we do, what we find out, or where we go. One thing is for sure - all we have is each other now, and none of us will ever be the same again.”

Chapter 7
Pramlee followed Arianna back to where she locked Meridian up, leaving her alone, upset and crying. The sound of the door unlocking startled Meridian from her sobbing and she looked up from her hands that held her wet, red face to see Pramlee and her mother.
 “Mom, why did you lock me away in here? I was not doing anything wrong!” Meridian protested.
“Hush, Meridian! You don’t know that half of why I put you in here, and it goes a little deeper than your puppy love crush!” Arianna scolded.
Pramlee was at a loss for words, not really knowing what had gone on.
“Mrs. A, what has happened? Kieren? Really, he is nice and would have to be decent to have been as upset as he was.   I saw him before Luna took him.”
Sure enough, Pramlee was harmless but lacked discretion in adult matters.
“You saw Kieren? How? Where? Who is Luna?” Meridian demanded.
“You both need to settle down right now. Kieren is the least of everyone’s worries. He is fine and away from everyone right now - as he should be.”
Arianna quickly put everyone in their places. 
“Now, I want the both of you to sit tight, listen to me, and do exactly as I say. First, Meridian, I am aware of your age. I am your mother. Second, it was a shock for me to see you on the floor with a guide who we do not even know under the circumstances. When Relic snapped, I reacted. Now, he is safe, and he is fine. You need to hear me out on your father. Chance, Relic and Ridge broke your father and me out of the realm prison. As we were leaving, your father felt it would be best if he split up from us and let me get away to be with you. I just do not have any idea where he would have gone. I suspect Ridge may know more, but he is not saying much. All that has been on my mind was getting back to you safely. I am glad you are all right.”
Arianna had calmed a bit and walked over to her daughter, held her and wiped away her tears. 
“I am afraid. I do not understand why you and father were taken away in this way. I only know that you both broke some rules. Now, I get taken to somewhere I don’t know, and everything seems to be out of control.”
As Meridian sobbed in her mother’s arms, while Pramlee reached out to her. “Everything will be fine. I have no idea what my father is up to, but I still have faith that everything will be fine.”
Arianna comforted Meridian the best she could.
“Mom, do you even know where we are?” Meridian pleaded.
“Yes, and you don’t need to worry about that. You are safe, and that is all that matters right now. I want you to close your eyes, control your thoughts and emotions, and rest your mind. That goes for you too, Pramlee,” Arianna insisted.
“Yes, Mrs. A.”
Pramlee was all too happy to listen to her, never knowing the connection to her own mother.
  A few hours passed, and the tension eased between everyone. Although guides did not sleep, they did need to take periods to rest and recharge their minds. 
Cora and Janus had kept to themselves, and not a peep from either one had come through. Ridge, Slaten and Relic sat in silence. The restful period was broken with a loud bang at the door, sending Relic and Ridge jumping to their feet, and they were quickly relieved when they saw it was Chance.
Relic’s face relaxed. “Man, are you a sight for sore eyes! What news do you have?”
 “It isn’t good. We know why Arianna and Caius were put into prison, or at least the reason that Warrick wants everyone to believe. I know that the situation was out of control, but I don’t know if Caius has lost his mind or what.”
Chance was somber in his tone, resembling the fear inside that not even Ridge was used to hearing.
“What is going on?” Relic looked confused. “Caius told me to come here, get everyone together and get everyone on the same page. Seems there has been secrecy, and that is the cause of tension and frustration.” 
Chance scanned the room taking in the destruction left behind from the earlier squabble.
“What in the hell happened in here? I knew the fairies could party but did you guys drink some of their fairy potions and throw a party or what?”
Chance’s mouth was open as he looked at the trashed room. Slaten interrupted. “Look it’s a long story and considering all the catching up we have to do, this isn’t the priority.”
Ridge quickly left and went to get everyone from their rooms to let them know Chance had made it. Relic and Chance had locked eyes and, of course, now that the dust had settled Relic could not help but grin.
“Man, I know you had something to do with this. I have never seen more mess, drama and destruction than what you leave in your wake!”
Chance was mildly amused with Relic even though he had to pretend it was not funny.
“Well, come on, man, you know how I like to have a good time,” Relic claimed as Chance walked on by toward the dining room.
As usual, Chance was his calculating and dismissive self with Relic. “No, I don’t want to know any of it,” he mouthed off as he waved his hand up at Relic.
Everyone came filing into the room. Arianna was not thrilled to see Janus and Cora there.  As she stared them down with her arms crossed, Chance could not help but notice.
“Arianna, what is it?”
“Well, the majority of the issue is about my husband Caius and a lot of what he told me before I escaped is not for everyone’s ears. I am not even sure I want Meridian to know everything up front. Janus and Cora, I would appreciate if you both could join my daughter and Pramlee in the back and allow me to visit with the rest of the guides here.”
Arianna was not asking. Janus and Cora glared back at Arianna and stood up from the table but stopped long enough to listen to the objection rolling out of Meridian’s mouth.
“Mom, he may be your husband, but he is my dad, and you both are the reason I have been stuck here!” Meridian protested.
“She is kind of right, Mrs. A. It may be best to let her hear it all,” Chance quietly but convincingly spoke to Arianna.
“Yes, you are right. Meridian, you can stay. Pramlee and you two need to go to the back.” Arianna flicked her hand away toward the others, while she gave Meridian a look. 
Chance took his time explaining everything to the group. The reactions from everyone were as to be expected. The shock to Meridian left her very quiet and in disbelief as she continued to learn that her world was not what she thought it was. Relic was somber, Slaten was in shock, and Ridge just was hearing what he already knew.
“Great! Now what?” Slaten asked. “If all this is true, my father is evil! This is not how he taught me to be. How do you know all of this is true? How can you say those things about my father! What if Arianna caused this? This is unthinkable. My father would not ever come at someone like this. He loves my mother.... I do not believe she would have an affair...and what crazy talk of this Talon guide cast out to a demon? I have never heard of such a thing. My sister...she lives with some servant because my father murdered her mother! How in the hell do you expect me to believe all this? Did I come here for this? My father is a lot of things, but he is not a murderer. The realm would not have all this; he would have been removed of his power. I am going back, and I am going to talk to him myself. I am going to ask both my parents if this is true.”
Slaten was livid and on his way to storm out. Relic jumped to his feet and grabbed Slaten, and Ridge was right behind him. 
“Calm down, Slaten! You cannot go back and do that. You would risk not only yourself but all of us here,” Chance pleaded as Ridge and Relic held Slaten.
“Please listen to me and think about this. Why would we all put ourselves at risk for gossip and rumors? Seriously, Caius is a good guide, and I believe him. I have known your father longer than you have been alive. I know how he is and how he operates. You should trust me when I tell you that I see another side of your father every day in business with other guides. He does have it out for Caius, and he wants to be rid of him. He wants Arianna at his side, and he wants Meridian for her gifts and special powers,” Chance explained further.
“Powers? What, because Caius and Arianna were born here? So was I and so was Pramlee,” Slaten persisted.
“Yes, you are right, but he knows that Meridian at some point will be more powerful than he is, and he is threatened by her and what Caius knows. Warrick knows it is only a matter of time before it all comes out. In fact, it’s coming out now. Meridian and everyone needed to know,” Chance explained further trying to get Slaten to think logically.
Slaten  relaxed, and Ridge and Relic lightened their grip.
“Okay, okay. Look, I know what you are saying. It is so hard for me to believe, and it is going to take some time to absorb all this. I do not want to hear any more about my father right now. All I want to know is what is next, where is Caius, and what is the plan.”
 “Here is where it gets insane. Caius left the realm. He told me that he was going to Earth to find Talon.” Chance was hesitant, and he spoke  he looked to Arianna.
“What? Is he crazy! Why Talon? He is a demon now, dangerous.... Why would he help Caius?” Arianna shouted.
“Look, at first it sounds crazy, but you all know Caius isn’t an idiot. Talon hates Warrick, especially for what he did to him. Caius thinks that if he can find Talon, then he can convince him to help.”
Chance’s eyes followed to Slaten.
“We need you, Slaten, to find your mother and explain all of this. There is no way they will let me back in now. I need you to go to her and explain what is happening and convince her she needs to share everything she knows about Warrick’s plans. You will need to find a way to explain this to your sister and take her with you.”
Meridian interrupted Chance.
“If all you say is true, then I know exactly where my father would go to find Talon. If Talon is the father of that baby I saw in the hospital, it would explain why he didn’t want me to have anything to do with him. I know where he is. I want to go to my dad and Chance; you are taking me there.”
“No way! Your father had specific instructions, and I am not to go after him.” Chance looked to Arianna for her support as he spoke.
“Well, my dad can hardly sneak a demon back into the realm,” Meridian replied in a condescending voice.
“No. I know that your father is going to come back here and let us know what we are to do. The only ones who can leave are Slaten and Pramlee, no one else.” Chance was clear on that.
Arianna jumped in. “We will do what Chance says and stay here and wait for your father.”
Before anyone else could speak another word, and just in time, there stood Caius.

Chapter 8
Meanwhile in Etheria, things were heating up for the tyrant in charge of Etheria.
“Where are Caius and Arianna!” Warrick screamed at his guards. “How could you get them escape, and where is Chance?”
Warrick was out of control with rage. Why would there be a need for some big place in a realm that was only for the good of heart, the healers and the watchers of one another and humankind? His four guards that watched over the small prison in the realm stood in fear and silence unable to speak. The words would not come. Warrick stormed over to the guard closest to him and grabbed the collar of his shirt.
“Speak!” Warrick shouted.
“Lord, sir...please, it was not us. Chance came to us and told us that it was requested by you that we leave and go back to Caius’s home to look for Meridian.”
The guard’s voice trembled with fear.
“How could you believe such a thing? You know as well as I do that Chance and Caius are friends. You should have known that he was up to no good. I should have just taken care of this myself.” Warrick said as he stared at the guards, “Get out! Go back to the house, you should have found something.” 
The guards slipped out of Warrick’s chamber.  Once the guards left, he sat alone  and his mind brought in thoughts. 
 My son and daughter are missing, and I cannot hear Caius or Arianna’s thoughts anymore. He was always so good at controlling his thoughts. Chance is lost to me with his betrayal. No one is talking...not even my peers. What could be happening? This must be put to rest, and they must be brought back here to the realm. If my secrets get out, it is all over for me.
Warrick’s thoughts were interrupted by Farrah.
“What is going on here, Warrick? Slaten is missing, and no one seems to know why. What have you done? All I hear is rumors and whispering that you imprisoned Caius and Arianna for the human. What exactly did they do wrong? I want answers.” 
Warrick jumped to his feet to face his wife and said, “Caius must be tried for his breaking the laws of revealing himself to the human boy who was attempting suicide due to his parent’s divorce. You know we must not interfere with humankind. We influence, but we do not interfere with human will. You know this.”
“Your laws! It has not always been this way. Since you have taken over, there has been more distance between humans and the connection to the unseen. Humans struggle to do what is right because they have lost their faith. Humankind has succumbed to the influences of the demons who roam the Earth. Why? Why do this and steer away from what is expected of you in this position? Our maker has always said that we should not interfere. That humanity was born of free will to decide who they want to be. Humankind is in a state of turmoil with wars, politics, religion and freedom. People have lost their faith in the good things around them.” Farrah’s eyes filled with tears. 
Warrick turned his back on Farrah, “That law was put into place because guides were making their presence known too much. Look what has happened in their history—witch hunts...free thinkers burned alive. What about all those people who have seen things in the past and shared with family only to be called insane or mentally ill. I had to put a stop to it.” 
“I know all of this, but demonic presence still exists in their lives, and some even welcome it,” Farrah argued back.
“Demons have not changed much through the years. Sure, religions say the end is near, and Satan is even more of a presence now than ever, but you know these things are not true. Demons are there; they have their influence, and they may attempt at more influencing, but it is not heard of them allowing themselves to be seen in any way. We must not interfere with free will.”
“I know there is more to this with Caius and you can’t get away with what you are doing. You will have to face the music at some point,” Farrah lectured Warrick.
“Shut up! You will do as I say, or you will go right along with them. Get out!” Warrick pointed his finger to the door. 
A search party was sent out to go to the fairy realm. Warrick was not the only one who had to face the music. He called a meeting with the members who sat on the council with him and it was decided that there would be a trial. 

Chapter 9
Back in the fairy realm, much of the time of the guides was spent in silence as they waited for more news to come.  The one spirit guide that they longed to see finally made an appearance.  
“Dad!” Meridian shouted.
Meridian and her mother both ran to Caius and greeted him with strong embraces, hanging on as though something was tearing them apart. 
The others watched in relief and the sadness disappeared from their eyes.  
“I am so glad to finally be with all of you. I am sure from your end there has been much happening. I do want to hear everything, but first I need to talk to you about where I have been and what we all need to do.”
Chance said, “I have already shared everything with everyone except Janus, Cora and Pramlee.”
Warrick looked to the guides who were not told the whole story.  His face furrowed and he seemed confused by Chance’s statement but he went ahead with his explanations. 
“I did go to Earth, and I was able to track down Talon - though it was not easy to find him. I assumed because he is the father of Aiden that he would be near him, but that was not the case. He was not anywhere near the boy. I went to the usual places the demons go, and I found him but getting him to talk to me was another story. As much as I would have liked to think of him the way we knew him before he was cast out, he is just not there. I thought maybe the casting out and being a demon now would make him the total opposite, and I was prepared for that.  But that was not the case at all.  I do not think I have ever seen a sad demon, but this is the first.  It took a lot of convincing,  but he hasn’t made up his mind about my proposal.”
Caius was interrupted by Slaten who was still steaming about his father. “What is your plan, and what do you mean? This situation has gotten completely out of control.”
“I know you must be hurt and angry, Slaten, and I understand why you would feel that way. But this is not just about you. This is about all of us, the entire realm and humankind. Your father sought his position for the wrong reasons, and he leads by self-service and anger.  If we do not find a way to stop this, then he will cast us all out, and eventually more guides will be thrown out or punished. He wants Arianna at his side, and my daughter for her gifts. He will get rid of your mother just like he got rid of Talon. I know that he will not want you or Pramlee upset at him or to reject him, and if he believes you are on his side, he will continue to take steps toward what he wants. We do not necessarily need to go at him head-on, and you reject everything about what he does, but we cannot let him continue for too long either. At some point, Slaten, you and your sister will have to stand up to him. I know this has been a lot to take in, but you cannot let your fear and hurt rule your logic. I know you look up to your father, and up until this point you saw him as good, but it simply isn’t true, and you can’t expect any good to come of his plans.”
 All eyes were on Slaten as he stared at the floor. His eyes welled up with tears as. 
“This is so much to take in, the being I looked up to and love is now someone or something you and Chance are saying is a fraud. I do not want to believe all of this; I am not saying all of you are lying to me either. I cannot just take action against my father without proof from someone who is closer to him. I do need to go back and talk to my mother and get the truth from her. If what you say is true then, of course, I would not let my father’s actions hurt anyone.  Pramlee needs to know this but it needs to come from me,” Slaten paced the floor with his arms crossed, held tightly against his chest, as though he was fighting to hold in something.
“Of course, Slaten. Yes, do what you need to for yourself, and we will all understand. I know Farrah will be forthcoming if you ask her about all this. I am sure at this point your mother has some idea of what is going on and that makes me concerned for her.  I want Luna to go with you both on your way. She can cast a spell on both of you that will keep your thoughts hidden from Warrick.  I want you to take Janus and Cora with you back to the realm. They don’t need to be here for all of this either.”
Caius stopped and looked at his daughter who had sat down at the table next to Relic. Is there anything else I need to know about since I have been away? Why is the room in such disarray?” 
Relic was about to explain when Arianna stood up and put her hand on Relic’s arm to stop him.
“Relic disagreed with Kieren, and everything is okay now. He is with the fairies asleep, and that isn’t something we need to worry about now,” Arianna uncomfortably explained as she motioned to Chance to go to the back and get the girls who had been gone for some time.
 Caius looked at Relic with one eyebrow up.
“Oh, really? Relic...you and I will spend some time together, and how about we do that now?”
Chance gave the news to Cora and Janus, “Why do we have to go? What did we do?” Cora shouted.
“Look, Caius made it back, and a lot of this is a family matter with some serious history that doesn’t concern you,” Chance lectured.
“We helped break them out. I want to help out,” Cora insisted.
Janus interrupted. “No. It is okay, I understand. How can we help from the other side?”
“I am unsure about that exactly, but I am sure there are some things you can do to help once you go back.”
 Without another word, she stormed out before anyone had a chance to stop her. 
 Across the hall, Caius, Meridian and Arianna stopped talking momentarily to see what the fuss was and watched as Ridge followed Cora out. Once they disappeared, Caius resumed his questioning to his daughter, “Meridian! What were you thinking? How could you be rolling around with some guide you just met at a time like this?”
Meridian stood with her arms crossed and she kept her eyes looking down at the ground, “Dad, you are the reason we are all in this in the first place!”  Meridian paused for a moment and then she looked at her father, “Before this, I had a normal existence. I can’t help who I have feelings for, and you are not going to stop me!”
Caius looked sheepish.
“Yes, you are right. I am sorry.”  He looked to Arianna with shame as he considered what this situation had created for his family.  “There are more important things to be worried about right now then Kieren, I guess.  But we will deal with this another time. 
Caius turned his attention to Chance as he approached, “Did you explain everything to the others?” he asked.
“Yes, the fuss was about that. Cora is not happy, and Ridge took off to see where she went. I have no clue where she would have gone but you know Ridge, he will take care of it all.”  Chance seemed uncertain in his proclamation for Ridge.
“Are you sure?”
Chance nodded to Caius, “Yeah, I think it will work itself out, so what do you want me to do?”
 “You must go to Warrick and give him my terms.”
Caius looked over to Relic who still remained at the table alone, “I am taking Relic with me to Earth to go talk to Talon and get his help for all of us.” 
 “Have you lost your mind?” Relic sarcastically questioned. “Have you been drinking the fairy Kool-Aid? There is no way he will help us. Why would he?”
“Guides that have been cast out as demons aren’t like the other demons,” Caius explained. “Talon is not the only guide on Earth who has been on the receiving end of Warrick’s games and mistreatment. We all know that Warrick is not in the position he is in for the right reasons. Years ago, when the guides voted him in, we fell for his words and believed in him that he was there to serve humankind and lead guides,” Caius explained.
Relic stood up from the table and paced, “I just don’t see how this will work? We are already in debt to the fairies, and there is no telling what they will want in payment from us as it is. I think we are all in deep trouble and we aren’t going to make it out of this with our souls.”
“Relic, Warrick will not want the balance of power to out of balance if demons are involved. The guides who have been cast out still have some of their guide sentiments and thoughts. Most that are cast out are still considered outcasts by other demons. They are viewed as weak and, the way they see it, once good. They could not be of any use to them for their evil purposes. Many times, the cast-out guides will find themselves among the ghosts. Ghosts do not know they are dead and still try to hang onto their human existence. The plane they live in is a lot like the plane the demons are in that are the outcasts.”
Caius was convincing to everyone but Relic. Caius had the faith of his daughter and his wife. As he spoke, they had the look of hope in their eyes and a vulnerability that only family love could hold.
“Balance of power? Help from demons that only exist in a realm around ghosts?” Relic respectfully questioned. “I am not trying to be rude here, but you are going to have to help me work this out.”
 “Warrick we know wants power - and Arianna and Meridian. We know that there will be a trial, and I will be found guilty as a veil for why he wants me out. I can bargain myself by using Arianna and Meridian. If I keep them hidden and safe from Warrick, send Chance to Warrick to explain I will not come back unless he grants their safety and everyone else’s for a chance to talk before a trial. In the meantime, if I can get enough support from the other guides and most importantly his children and Farrah, we may be able to push him out of his position and let things go back to the way they once were. If Farrah can get the support of the other head council members, Charity and Brennan, Warrick can be overthrown. We can tell Warrick that the demons have taken Arianna and Meridian. We will tell Warrick that the only way that the demons will release Arianna and Meridian is if they give the cast-out demons the stone back, so they can be turned back and reinstated as guides.”
Relic was still skeptical. “Turned back to guides? What? That cannot happen, and I have never heard of that.”
Caius ran his hands through his hair and sighed.  “Yes, they can be turned by using a very rare stone called the fairy quartz, and there is only one of those in existence that was blessed by the ancients thousands of years ago. This stone is found on Earth and guarded by a select special family.  The fairies used it thousands of years ago to communicate with the humans along with their spirit animals.  We will have to rally support from the fairies and a human that is psychic and in touch with our world.”
Relic stood with his mouth half open in disbelief. Of all this time of his existence as a guide, he had never heard of a stone for this.
“So, let us say we go to Earth to get Talon’s support, we get the fairies support, we manage to get to Warrick and lie about Arianna and Meridian and where they are. How do you know he won’t cast us out then?” Relic questioned.
Arianna interrupted Caius before he could begin to explain again.
“Because, Relic, Warrick has always had a thing for me, and Meridian he wants for her gifts that she will soon develop. We need you, Relic.”
Arianna’s words resonated with Relic, and he could see the desperation in her eyes. Relic looked to Meridian who he loved deeply who remained unusually quiet. She walked over to Relic and embraced him without words. As Relic looked over her shoulder, he looked to Caius and Arianna. With a reluctant nod, he unconditionally agreed to give all blind faith to the only family he really had.
The silence was interrupted by a slamming door with Ridge and Cora coming through fussing at each other. 
 Relic slowly released the embrace from Meridian. 
Ridge joined the group and said, “I found Cora in with Kieren trying to wake him without success.” 
 Cora stood with her arms crossed and her faced turned away from Ridge. 
“Well, if you didn’t wake him then what happened?” Meridian looked right at Cora as she asked the question. Cora glared back at Meridian without words. 


Relic interrupted, “Hey, we have our plan now, so we don’t need to waste any time with any of this. Let us get everyone on the same page, and let’s do this.”
Relic was trying to lighten the moment and distract Meridian from having too much more thought about his new rival, Kieren.
“Caius, I know we need to get the fairies in here and explain what we need, and we need to get their support before we jump in all the way.” Relic seemed now entirely different toward the idea.
“Yes, Relic, you are right. I am going to find Selena and Luna and see who else we can count on for help. I want to be clear to you, Meridian. You are to stay here with your mother, and you are not to leave or do anything without our say so. Understood?”
Caius looked hard at his rebellious daughter. 
“Yes, Dad, I understand.”
Without another word, Caius, Relic and Chance left to find the fairies. Ridge had disappeared again with Cora, and it seemed to Meridian that they went back to find Janus. She could hear them talking down the hall but could not make out what was being said. 
Arianna noticed her daughter’s gaze.  “Meridian, are you all right?”
 “Yes, Mom, I do feel better, but at the same time, I feel worse too. I am afraid for Dad, and all this talk about demons, fairies and a powerful stone has my head spinning. So, now we just have to sit and wait again and do nothing while everyone else is out risking themselves for us. It just doesn’t seem right.”
Meridian might be a little rebellious, but she was showing her true self as the compassion poured from her heart.
“Meridian, it will be okay. These things would have happened at some point, either now or later. We have to try to get things back the way they were before you were born,” Arianna said while she put her arm around Meridian.
 The whispers of Ridge, Janus and Cora were then drowned out by all-too-familiar giggles that Meridian loved to hear. Pramlee and Slaten had returned from who knew where. 
Meridian found it unusual that Pramlee would be giggling at a time like this. “Pramlee, what are you laughing about?” 
“Hey! Well, just fairy jokes.”
Pramlee couldn’t help but be sarcastic with a wink. She then walked up to Meridian and took her by the hand, leaving Slaten behind, and walked her over toward Ridge.
“Meridian, I already knew everything about my mother. The old maid who has cared for me all these years told me a long time ago. I did not realize my father was obsessed with your mother and I certainly didn’t know about Farrah and Talon.”
Pramlee’s voice had dropped low, and she had a look of shame.
 “So, now you and Slaten are going to Farrah, right?” Meridian asked. 
“Yes, and I will do whatever it takes to help you and your family. I love my father, and I feel sorry for him, but I can’t quite bring myself to support all this that is going on. I will do what I can for you; I love you, Meridian.”


Chapter 10
Caius, Relic and Chance had their own explaining to do. As they made their way through the fairy realm back to Selena’s quarters, they all felt as though they were not alone. Strange feelings took over them. The hallway was dark and made of rock and stone, and it was always cool, damp and dark like the floor of a rainforest. As they inched closer to Selena’s door, green eyes emerged. 
Caius stopped and asked, “Who is there? Selena, is that you?”
 The two green eyes moved forward, and out of the shadows, a tall and muscular fairy made his appearance.
“Caius, you know who it is.” 
“Orion?” Caius answered with doubt.
“Caius, it is good to know you have not forgotten me. I am sorry I startled you. With everything that has taken place, Selena has called in an extra patrol of the realm particularly with you all here. Selena said you would be coming. Let me walk you in. She is waiting for you.”
Orion was quiet after as he led the way. Tall and intimidating, he was as powerful as the fairies, but with his soft spoken way disarmed many that he encountered. 
The four walked through the large doors into Selena’s quarters. Giggles were audible throughout the large room that remained dim but colorful with lavender, green and soft yellow flowers. The smells were intoxicating with thick aroma of oils accompanied by the overture of the massive floral arrangements placed strategically around the room.
“Man, this place really gives me the creeps.” Chance was uncomfortable and not used to the fairy atmosphere.
“Shut up, man, and get the stick out of your rear.” Relic  was feeling his usual snarky self.
“I sure am glad you are feeling yourself again, Relic. After all, you always were a little free,” Chance popped off.
They both gave a chuckle but quickly stopped as they could feel the eyes of Orion and Caius upon them. The two quickly were hushed with glares and after a moment of silence, the group stood facing the hall they anticipated Selena would come out of.
“I will leave you all here, and Selena will be with your shortly.”
Orion was gone in a flash. The giggles grew in volume and quantity—childlike but daunting, scary...like a warning. A voice from behind them began to whisper.
“Why don’t you find a seat and stay a while. We get lonely here and like to play.”
The voice thought sweet and light was  creepy and unsettling. 
Chance shouted, “Okay, that’s it! I’m out of here. I am going to the realm back home. I think I’d rather take my chances with the psycho running things back there.”
Relic, who had made his way over to the bar and made himself at home, poured a drink. As Chance paced the floor waiting for some calming words from Caius, Relic could not help himself.  “See, Caius, this is the fairy Kool-Aid I was talking about. I was certain with your harebrained idea that you stopped here for a drink.”
Relic laughed and though Caius found his humor annoying at times, he needed a laugh. Caius winked at Relic who was enjoying his drink.
“Chance, you need one of these. You will feel better. You may even like yourself.” Relic was on a roll. His pointless banter was halted when he looked at Caius who was now looking at Selena.
“Well, well...I see you have found something to quench your thirst, Relic. You always were one to make yourself right at home.”
Selena’s voice was low and coy as she spoke, and her grin was chilling. Her face was pale, her eyes sharp, and her black hair against her translucent skin made her eyes even more piercing and fluorescent green. Her eyes changed colors with her moods. Despite Relic having known Selena for some time, she was still an enigma to him.
Relic stumbled around on his words. “Uh, yes, sorry, Selena. You know how I have always enjoyed the pleasures of the fairies.”
“Yes, you have to include my daughter’s, and that is not to say the least of it. You know my daughter’s fondness for you is why I do you such favors. I see you have brought some friends,” Selena snapped. Relic was nervous in his answers.
“Uh, yes, this is—” Relic was cut off before he could say another word.
“I know who your friends are. The fairies may live in a plane far away, but we know all.” Selena ended her last word as she watched Caius.
“Selena, I wish not to waste your time or to take advantage of your kindness here. But I have come here in need of your help.” Caius said. 
“I know what you want,” she replied. “We do not need to waste time with talk. The fairies agree that your master is out of control. We know what he has done to your fallen, and to your wife, what he wants from Meridian, and what he wants for you. I agree that he needs to be overthrown for the realms to exist as they were in a time that seems ages ago. We will help you, but I will require something in return. We know about the stone, and that stone has uses to all beings of the realm. When you go to Earth and retrieve it, once you are finished with it, the fairies want it here under our protection.  It is a natural power for fairies. We gave it to your guides not too long after the dawn of the human race.  When Warrick took over hundreds of years ago, there were a select few guides who we gave the stone to, to take to Earth to be watched over and hidden. We knew at some point Warrick would come for the stone. Ironically, you beat him to it.”
Caius smiled, and he relaxed, “Well, of course, Selena. That is the least we could do.” 
Selena added, “I will also need another favor from your daughter.”
“I told you, Caius; we are in debt way over our heads,” Relic butted in.
Chance paced as he heard the giggles and the whispers of the invisible fairies that played tricks on his mind.
“Chance, calm down. You have to learn to tune that all out or it will drive you nuts and then the fairies really will have their way with you.” Relic’s voice was low as he glared at Chance.
Caius ignored the banter between Relic and Chance and continued with the fairy queen. “Selena, what are you getting at?” 
“I need Meridian to go to the demon realm and find a demon there that has something of mine. Something he took from one of my fairies long ago on Earth. It is a book that is for spell casting and lifting. Fairies can cast spells, and even the smallest spells can take a lot of time to wear off.  This book has what is needed to break the spell and to wake the boy. If he doesn’t get it soon, he will never wake up.”
Selena had a small grin.
“Who, Kieren? Meridian’s friend? You cast a sleeping spell on him knowing all this? How could you do this to us? You tricked us, Selena.” Caius raised his voice, “How long do we have?” 
“He has already been asleep at least a day, and if I know Luna, she didn’t give much time. I would say you have three days at the most.”
Selena turned her back and walked over to where Relic stood drinking his idea of fairy Kool-aide.
“You already planned to tell Warrick that Meridian and Arianna were in the demon realm; so, instead of lying, at least I am helping make you honest again, or at least partly honest.”
“Selena, this is impossible. Relic and I have to go to Earth to find a human in touch with our world and get this person, whoever it is, to go and get the fairy stone first. Then we have to find Talon and convince him to help us. Meanwhile, Chance and Slaten, and Pramlee will do their part. Even if they can convince Farrah and the other council members to listen, I still have no guarantee that the story we tell Warrick of Meridian being kidnapped in the demon realm can be pulled off. We need to have the masters change the fallen if they will help us.” His voice was panicked and rushed.
“I will help you,” Selena replied. “The human you are looking for is a woman by the name of Tallulah. She is a psychic and owns a palm reading business. She will know where to find the stone and will take you there, but you will still have to get past the family who is keeping it. Once you have the stone, I want you to come back here to the realm. I will know by then if Slaten and Pramlee have convinced anyone of anything, and more importantly, I will know when Chance delivers your terms to Warrick if he takes the bait. At that time, if he does, Talon can take Meridian to the demon realm to collect my book. Once I have it, I will turn the fallen back. I will also see to it that Kieren is awakened.”
Selena seated herself in her large chair and quietly drummed her fingers on the arm rests.  Her face was devoid of emotion and seemingly frozen as she continued to keep her eyes on Caius. 
“In return, Luna will take your guides back now to start. She will watch over to ensure that Warrick and his people do not find Ridge, Cora and Luna. You will have an absolute alliance with the fairy folk here, and we will do anything needed to see Warrick thrown out and your family spared and protected.”
Selena showed no sign of remorse for her request.
“How will Meridian know which demon? What if she does not make it out? I cannot lose my daughter. Can I send anyone with her? She can’t go alone,” Caius pleaded.
“Meridian will have no problem finding the demon. She can read minds and hear thoughts of others, and she will be able to read in the demon realm where you and I are powerless. She can only take Talon if he is willing. If you cannot convince Talon to do this, then she will not be able to go in, and there is no deal between us. We will not help you.”
Selena’s words struck the heart of Caius. The guides looked down at the ground and without another word, Caius motioned the men out, and it was understood he had to do what she asked. As they walked out the door of Selena’s quarters, the whispering stopped. All that could be heard was the sounds of the dragging feet across the cold, dark floor of the hall.

Chapter 11
“Ridge, how dare you follow me out of here. I don’t know who you think you are!”
Cora was really confirming that the old tale of redheads being fireballs was true.
“Cora, we are grateful for your assistance, but you really do not need to be too involved in all this now. No one is upset with you or mad. You and Janus are not the only ones going back to the realm. I am going with you, and you will stay with me. We will need all the help we can get, and this isn’t just about Meridian and her family. This is about all of us, and this will affect all of us,” Ridge snapped right back at the redhead.
“I don’t care; I want to stay here!” 
“Why, because of Kieren? We all know you are after him. You follow him around at my place like a lost dog. Did it ever occur to you that he may not be interested in you? Or is it you do see that, and you don’t want to leave him here where Meridian is?”
Ridge was on point, and things were quickly heating up. Janus was always the logical one between her and Cora.
“Cora, really, this has gone way too far! You need to listen to Ridge and stop this foolishness. You always do this when a new cute one comes into the realm. You may just have to accept that your charms and good looks don’t always work on everyone.”
“Cora, listen to your friend. I already caught you down there in Kieren’s room. No telling what would have happened had Luna caught you in there. We are leaving anytime now, and this isn’t the time for you to be pushing your selfish wants on anyone.” Ridge demanded.
Slaten left Pramlee, Meridian and Arianna alone and strolled down the hall to find out why there was so much fussing.
“What the hell is all the hollering about?”
 “Nothing, just Ridge trying to tell me we have to go back to the realm, and I don’t want to leave here until things are settled.” Cora shouted back at Slaten. 
“Please, Cora, we all know you have the hots for Kieren. Nice try. You are leaving with us, and you will do what we tell you, and there isn’t a choice in the matter.”  Slaten said. 
Ridge, Slaten, Janus and Cora made their way back to the main room where Meridian, Pramlee and Arianna had been conversing. It was just seconds after they all came together that Caius, Chance and Relic returned from Selena.  
 Arianna could not wait anymore. “Well, what is it, Caius? Are the fairies going to help us?”
Caius sighed and said,  “Essentially, the answer is yes; they will help. However, we must do a couple of things for them first. Selena and the fairies always have a price, and this one I am afraid will be difficult. They already know about the plan to tell Warrick that Arianna and Meridian were in the demon realm. So, I must go to Earth with Relic and find the human or witch who is in touch with our world and get the message out that we need the fairy stone. We must get past the family who guards the stone, find Talon, and then convince him that he needs to go to the demon realm to collect a book that was taken from one of Selena’s fairies many years ago. The book seems to hold some spells and history of the fairy folk. The catch is, Meridian must be the one to go in with Talon and get it from the demon. I have three days to make this happen. In the meantime, we have to hope that Warrick believes all this and that he will agree to my terms.”
Arianna shouted, “What? Why? No! Meridian does not have the skills for something like this, and we do not even know what Talon will be like, or if he will even help. We do not agree to this. We need to leave and go back to the realm and find another way.”
“Arianna, we have to do this. There is more. If we do not get the book, Kieren will never wake up from his sleep.”  Caius lowered his head and squint his eyes as he waited for his daughter’s reaction.
“What? They tricked us! I cannot let Kieren just lay in there and die! I am going, Mother! It does not matter; this is not just about Kieren and our family. This is about every guide in the realm and the whole of humankind. I’m going.”
As Meridian ended her statement, she locked eyes with Relic to send the message that she was not going to back down or let anyone interfere.
“When do we start?” she continued. “I am going to see Kieren before we leave, and I don’t care what Luna says. She will get out of my way. I am sick of being here, and I am sick of everything going on.”
Meridian stomped out and Arianna burst into tears and left the room.
 Pramlee ran out behind Meridian.
“Meridian, stop!” 
Meridian continued to run down the hall in tears, panicked, and looking for Kieren even though she knew she had no idea where to look. She stopped and put her arm up on the cold dark walls and sobbed into her hands as she leaned against the wall.
A low and deep voice spoke. “Meridian, where are you going?” Orion said.  
Startled, she stopped and looked around. Pramlee had just caught up and was looking around to see where the voice was originating.
“Meridian, do not be afraid of me; I am Orion.”
His towering appearance and green eyes were intimidating. Meridian had never seen an actual fairy before.
“Uh, I was looking—”
Meridian was interrupted by Orion.
“I know why you have come. We fairies usually know all, especially here in our realm.” Orion gave a grin as he spoke. “Come with me. I will show you where Kieren is. He is safe but asleep.”
Orion nodded to follow him. Surprisingly, Kieren was not  that far from where they all had been.
“Here, just go through the door, and you will find your friend.”
Meridian stopped and looked up at the large creature. “Why did Luna and Selena do this? Please, I can’t lose Kieren.”
“Dear Meridian, I do believe I like you, but I find it best not to ask questions that you may not like the answer to. The key is within you and your gifts; you will save your friend. All you have to do is look within yourself, and you will find that you have all the answers you will need.” Orion’s words were sincere, comforting but cryptic. 
As always, he was then gone in a flash, and all that was there was Kieren in a deep sleep.
“Pramlee, I am afraid. I do not understand why I should be the one to get this book for the fairies. Why can’t they go? Why does Kieren have to be punished if I fail?”
Meridian took Kieren’s hand and it was warm like she remembered when they played around with each other before everything went wrong. Pramlee, who was usually so talkative, was quiet and stood behind Meridian with her hand on her shoulder for support.
“What if I fail? How will I know this demon? Will Talon even help me out? What if he does not care?”
The questions Meridian posed were just her thoughts finally coming out. She laid her head on Kieren’s chest.
“Kieren, can you hear me? I know you are asleep and you seem so far away.... I am sorry. If you only knew what is happening. The fairies have put you in this sleep spell, and I have to find the spell or potion to bring you back. I am afraid I will not make it or save you. Please hang on.... If you can hear me...let me know.”
Meridian did not get any response from Kieren. Her tears came flooding out of her green eyes.
“Meridian, everything is going to be okay, I promise. I have faith in you.  He will be okay. You need to see your mother before you go.”
Without any protest, Meridian stood up and gave a last look at Kieren whom she was becoming fond of.  As the pair left, they were met around the corner by Cora and Janus who had been listening to what little was said. 
Pramlee said, “What are you two doing down here? You know just because you helped once doesn’t give you any business lurking around in situations that don’t pertain to you.”
Pramlee’s words struck hard into Cora who did not care for Pramlee or take too kindly to anything she said.
“Look, Kieren and I had something going before she showed up and ruined everything!”
Cora pointed at Meridian.
“I didn’t do anything to you or ruin anything!  Get out of my way. I am the one who needs to get ready to get him out of this spell.” Meridian retorted as she shoved the redhead out of her way. 
As Meridian and Pramlee stormed off, Cora could not help but have the last word. “Yeah! Save him from what you put him in because you like playing Relic and Kieren! We will see about all that once he finds out what you have done to him!”
Cora’s words fell on deaf ears as far as Meridian was concerned. She and Pramlee made their way in, and Meridian wasted no time finding her mother to say her goodbyes. Janus and Cora followed in moments later and were met with Ridge’s cold stare. Caius had been visiting with everyone about the details.
“Okay, this is it. Ridge, are you ready?”
“Yes, we are ready to go.” Ridge confidently replied.
“Good. I think you three should find Luna and head back to the realm. Do not leave your place or Luna until you get word from myself or Chance.”
Without words and only a nod, the trio turned toward the wall and, in a flash, disappeared as if they were never there. 
Meridian and Arianna soon came back. Meridian turned and gave her mother one last hug, and Arianna was without words...just tears. Pramlee and Slaten stood together with nervous smiles on their faces.
“Caius, we are going to go on,” Slaten stated. “I will find my mother, and I will do what I can to get her on our side and convince her to go to the council members. Pramlee loves you all, and you know she will do what she can.”
Slaten put his arm around his sister, and they both looked at Meridian with a smile. Pramlee hugged Meridian again and then put her arm around Arianna in an attempt to comfort the woman who had become the mother she never had. In a flash, they disappeared. Silence fell between the last of the guides who seemed to carry the most burden. Chance, who had been silent listening, finally spoke up.
“Caius, I will deliver your terms. I cannot predict what Warrick will do with me once I arrive. I’ll do what I can to hold him off and hopefully, if he thinks Meridian and Arianna are gone, he won’t do much else to me until you come back.”
Caius put his hand on his shoulder.
“I owe you my life, Chance; you are my family. I know you will do what you can. I will hurry. Talon expects me any time now, and he has an idea I need help.”
 They gave each other a nod and Chance was gone.
Caius took his wife by the hand. “Arianna, I love you with everything in me. I will take care of our daughter but have faith; she is stronger than you know. She will make it. I know it will be hard for you to stay here alone, but you are safe here, and I will return soon with the stone and the book, and most importantly, I will return with Meridian.”
Caius was interrupted by all-too-familiar sarcasm.
“What about me? Were you planning to leave me on Earth to hang with the fallen? I thought I meant something to this family. I mean, I am kind of cool.”
Relic just could not be happy without his little remarks. He was quickly silenced when Meridian punched him right in the stomach.
“Hey! We needed a break from the serious tone here. It is no big deal. I am not worried at all. I mean, your dad just negotiated our lives with the psycho fairy to find some fairy book that is a fairy’s version of Superman comics. You know, instead of Superman, it is super fairy. Not too hard to imagine, a tall, dark dude with tight pants flying around. The only difference is he has wings and no cape! Right?” Relic snorted.  Meridian tried to be angry but could not as she started to laugh.
Caius interrupted the pair. “Okay, this is it. I do not know what will become of us or this situation, but I have faith in us all. We will be back, I promise.”
Caius hugged and kissed Arianna on her forehead. The romantic moment was interrupted by Relic who had partially left the fairy realm for Earth. All they could see was him poking his head back through.
“Hey, where are we going again?”
Relic was about to leave before he even knew where he was going. Caius held his wife and smiled as he looked at Relic. “Earth! There is a city there that we will go to with an old bar there that the fallen and ghosts hang around in. Talon goes there a lot when he is not close to his son.”
Caius walked over to Relic, took Meridian by the hand, and then they were gone. Arianna stood alone again waiting for her husband to return, not knowing if she would see her family again. As tears rolled down her face, she could not help but notice that even though she should be alone, she felt as though she was not.... She slowly turned around, and Selena was casually sitting in the room with a sly smile.
“Arianna, at last, a moment to speak—alone.”

Chapter 12
Meanwhile back in Etheria Warrick wasn’t known to be a patient being. 
“Guard, get me my head of detail now that my most trusted head has become a traitor! Now!” Warrick shouted.
The guard took off in a hurry.  Warrick was alone for a brief moment before the tall, thick and heavy doors swung open with a surprise guest.  Warrick, who had been sitting in his chair, rose to his feet swiftly.
“Farrah! Who do you think you are? I could have you put away just like that,” Warrick shouted as he snapped his fingers.
 She stormed over to him and stopped just inches from his face. “All this time, how could you just lie to me and do the malicious things you have done to the beings in our realm? It wasn’t enough that you cast out someone I cared for very deeply and you killed Pramlee’s mother. Now, you just have to have Arianna and Meridian!”
Farrah moved away from Warrick who remained casual, “Farrah, I don’t know where you get your information, but you have been lied to; that is clear. I may have cast beings out or put them in the hall of souls, but I would hardly call that wrong.”
“Slaten and Pramlee told me,” Farrah said.
“That is impossible. They aren’t even here right now, and they have no knowledge of anything to do with Pramlee’s mother.”
They were interrupted by one of the guards. “Sire, you sent for me?”
“Not now. I will send for you again later.” Warrick shooed him away. The guard quickly backed out of the chambers and closed the door.
“Farrah, you need to calm down. Who has told you these things?” Warrick’s face was no longer suspicious and he lightened his tone.  
“I told you who told me. That is the truth, and I expect some truth from you right now. No more games and lies.” Farrah calmed down despite her fair skinned face remained flushed.
Warrick walked away and his mind stumbled on his thoughts, while he struggled to figure out how his children could have known this information. He stared at his feet while Farrah took a seat to get her wits about her. 
 After a short pause between them, it dawned on him that Caius had spilled everything. He turned to Farrah and swiftly walked toward her.
“Where are my children?”
He grabbed her and shook her as he demanded information. Farrah pushed Warrick away and stumbled onto her feet. The struggle continued, and Warrick was trying to hold Farrah down. “I will never tell you anything!”
The doors swung open once more. 
“Sire, is everything all right?”
“Yes, take her in. Like the others, we will find she has committed treason against the realm.”
Warrick’s anger was in full swing.
“Sire?” The guard questioned.
Farrah stood up and screamed at Warrick.
“You can’t do this. I have committed no such crimes. It is true then, all of it?”
Farrah cried as the guards carried her out.
“She isn’t to come out, and no one is to speak to her.”
Warrick motioned for the guards to continue. “Get a search party together. I want Slaten and Pramlee found and brought to me now! I want three of you to get away into the fairy realm.”
 “Sire, there is not a way into the fairy realm. They will never let us in.”
“I don’t care. You will go and get the others back here by any means. Caius has a trial coming, and it will happen,”  Warrick demanded. 
“I don’t think so; the fairies would never let you step foot in their realm.”
Warrick froze solid in his tracks, and he whispered, “Chance.”

***
Meanwhile Warrick’s children were at Pramlee’s home not far away. 
“Pramlee, we really need to get to Ridge’s place, so we are all together. We told my mother all we could. She said she would do everything she could to help us, and I know she will.” Slaten’s voice was strained and he rushed his speech. 
“Slaten, calm down, I just needed to come to my place and get a few things before we go. I won’t be long at all.”
Pramlee calmed Slaten for a few moments and then disappeared into the house where she grew up. Slaten who was uneasy, and his head was so full of confusion and hurt from all he had learned about his father remained agitated as he paced around. 
Ridge’s place wasn’t very far from Pramlee’s, but under the circumstances, it felt days away. It was quiet around the realm, which was unusual, and Slaten could hear his mother’s last statements within his mind before they left and was worried about her. 
Slaten’s stream of thoughts was interrupted when Pramlee opened her window and yelled out at Slaten: “Stop obsessing. I can hear your mind from here, and if I can know it, then who knows who else does!”
Pramlee took their closer relationship to a new level of bossiness of her older brother. Slaten snapped out of his stream of thought and shook his head.
“Hurry up!” he yelled out.
In a few moments, Pramlee came out, and the pair headed for Ridge’s bar anticipating additional information. As they walked down the road, the realm looked barren.
“I just don’t understand father doing this. I mean, to keep all guides here and not looking after their humans is insane. They need us down there now more than ever.” Slaten looked around the barren realm with his arms up in question.
“Well, at least you are figuring out that Caius wasn’t lying,” Pramlee said.
Slaten stopped. “Shhh! Can’t you hear that?”
Pramlee looked around and shook her head. “Hear what?”
“Guards! Father has sent out a search party, and they are close. We have to get out of here and warn the others.”
They picked up their pace and soon Ridge’s place was within sight. As they inched closer, they saw guards at the door.
“Oh no! They beat us there. Slaten put his arm in front of his sister. We can’t go now, or we will be taken.”
“Slaten, we can’t just leave them there, but with Luna there, they should be fine. Come on, let’s hide and watch. Surely, we will be able to figure something out.” Pramlee grabbed her brother’s hand and pulled him back into the surrounding forest until they were out of sight.
“We can stay here, but you have to block your thoughts! No one will look here for us, at least, I don’t think they would.”
Pramlee was unusually doubtful of herself as Slaten squatted down next to her and pushed some limbs away to create a small hole to peer through.
“Yes, we will be okay. It looks like the guards have gone inside. If they bring them out, we will have to follow them back.”
Slaten had a distressed look on his face as he watched.
The guards busted into Ridge’s place. The four men were dressed in uniforms that told everyone else in the realm that they were Warrick’s guards and keepers of the huge castle on the hill that overlooked the main part of the town. 
 They tore through each room of Ridge’s bar and home. All that could be seen was a bar without anyone attending it. The stage where all their instruments lay looked as though someone would be right back to begin playing again. Upstairs in Ridge’s private quarters, no one was to be seen, just a few chairs and instruments that Ridge had collected from Earth over the years. One guard spoke out.
“There is no one here! It looks like they just left. We need to continue to go through town to find them. Surely, someone has seen them, and they will tell us. We can’t go back to Warrick empty-handed. He has really lost his mind putting Farrah in prison and is having a trial over Caius. If we aren’t careful, he will throw us in there right along with her.”
The other three guards agreed and quickly left.

Pramlee pointed. “Look, they are leaving! Where is Ridge, Cora and Janus? What if something else has happened.” Slaten stood up and paced. 
“Oh, will you please calm down? Have you no faith in Luna? Come on; let’s go check it out,” Pramlee insisted.
She tugged her brother along out of the forest. They quickly made their way in and found the same empty place the guards had.
“It’s about time you two got here!” Ridge scolded.
They stood with a puzzled look on their faces. They could hear Ridge but just couldn’t see him.
Suddenly, another familiar voice spoke out.
“Ridge, you are still invisible. They can’t see you.”
Cora was always quick to point things out. Before much time passed, Ridge, Janus, Cora and Luna could all be seen standing right behind the bar.
Pramlee shouted out, “See, I told you, Slaten; have some faith!”
Pramlee ran over to Ridge and the others and left her brother standing with his mouth open. Ridge didn’t take any time to share what he had heard the guards discussing.
“We were lucky with Luna here to use her spell to make us invisible to the guards. She also still has a block on our minds. I overheard the guards speaking. Did you know that they have taken Farrah to the prison?”
Slaten’s face turned white.
“What? No! When we last saw her, she was going to talk to my father and then talk to the council to try to put a stop to all this.”
“Well, apparently that didn’t happen. It just made things worse. She lost her temper. If Chance has made it by now, there is no telling what your father will do to him; he may not get the time to deliver Caius’s terms.”
The tension was noticeable in Slaten’s voice, and the fear was in his eyes.
“We have to go get her; we can’t leave her down there.”
Slaten was already headed toward the door. Ridge stepped in to stop Slaten.
“No! That is what Warrick will want. He probably knows you told her everything and that you will come looking. We have to wait here like we planned with Caius and waited to hear from him, and hopefully, Chance. We don’t leave.”
Slaten pulled away and went and sat down next to Janus and Cora who had been silent during the exchange.  
Luna stood awkwardly to herself, feeling out of her element away from the fairy realm, her silence caught Ridge’s attention.  Her short stature and light but warm skin made her appear more approachable than her cold mother.   Her eyes were softer and aquamarine blue.  
“Luna, how long can the spell last to keep us invisible?”  Ridge moved closer to her while she continued to stand awkwardly.  
“As long as you all stay close to me, you will be invisible to all.”  Luna’s voice was soft and nervous. 
“Can what you do work anywhere?” Ridge had desperation in his voice as he studied Luna. 
“Yes, I can make anyone invisible who remains close to me.”  Luna looked up with a smile, feeling important. 
Luna’s soft voice still carried so much weight with the group. Everyone was silent.

Chapter 13
It was fall in the city. From the sky, the color of the leaves gave the city a warm and golden look. Meridian, Relic and Caius had not been there long, and Meridian was overwhelmed with the city and all the things in it.
“Wow! I always heard from the other guides how wonderful this place was, but I never imagined it this way. I can feel the energy and the life force of the city that never sleeps.”
Meridian had excitement in her voice that her father had not heard in a long time. Caius was quiet but smiled while listening to her. 
Relic had been around a time or two in the city but unusually didn’t chime in with any comments. Meridian noticed the silence and left her father’s side to catch up with Relic who had been walking in front of the father and daughter pair.
“Hey, Relic, why so quiet?” Meridian asked playfully.
“Oh, I don’t know. Maybe I am a little worried that we won’t be able to pull off Selena’s demands and get back to the fairies in time. I feel bad for what happened between Kieren and me, and as much as I don’t like seeing you with him, it would be a tragedy if we fail, and I would have a hard time living with that. I am a lot of the reason he is where he is.”
Relic kept his head down as they walked down the street. Meridian put her arms around him to comfort him, and just before she could speak, Caius spoke up to let them know that they had made it.
“Hey, we are almost to where Talon stays much of the time. It is known that demons and ghosts hang around in this old place. Of course, there are humans there, but they don’t see us. Meridian I am not comfortable with you going into this kind of place. I want you to wait outside.”
Caius always was so insistent.
“Father, really, you have to stop treating me like a child. I am the one who has to go with Talon and go into the demon realm, so you might as well get used to the idea that there are going to be many things I do that you are not comfortable with.”
Meridian took a playful tone with her father.
“So, this is it? Looks really homey,” she added with more than a touch of sarcasm.
The people coming out of the bar had piercings in their faces, some were skinheads, and they all dressed very goth and provocatively.
Relic had come out of his melancholy moment. “Yep, If I could be seen, I would fit right in.”
Caius made no objection to his daughter’s statement. 
“All right, this place is pretty rough, and it isn’t usual for guides to show up here. We will be immediately noticed by the fallen, the demons and the ghosts that come here. It will not be a welcomed visit, to say the least. The fallen here won’t be the worst, but some of the demons will loathe us being around. I can’t predict what will happen, but it could be that they become violent. Meridian, you will be no match for them, but if you insist on coming then stay between Relic and me. Do not make direct eye contact with any of them.”
Meridian looked confused. “Why? Do they read minds like we do?” she inquired.
“Not like we do, but they can see your memories and know your deepest fears. They use those things against humans, and they can do it to us,” was Caius’s swift response.
As the three rolled into the old bar, it was brimming with people from what looked like another world. Outcasts, gothics, mystics and the wild were seen at the bar, dancing together and indulging in the illegal street drugs that were easily available. 
Meridian was quiet; nothing had prepared her for what she could see. Relic looked at her and he noticed the discomfort on her face, and he firmly squeezed her trembling hand. 
Caius, the oak he was, had no change in his demeanor. He was scanning the room looking for Talon who was known to hide in the back. It didn’t take long before a couple of demons took notice of the trio. The demons looked just like the guides or any other human. The distinction was the tone of their skin and the color of their eyes. The demons were dark-skinned, almost red, and their yellow eyes had pupils shaped much like a cat’s. 
The two that took notice were hovering over their humans helping influence inch by inch all their decisions that would somehow lead to them causing themselves harm. The humans were drinking, had just exchanged ecstasy and were having a time with their favorite drug. The demons watched with pleasure as the boys poisoned themselves but quickly noticed the guides. 
“Well, look what we have here.... We don’t see the likes of your kind come in here. Do you think you can just walk right in here and get away with that?”
The demon’s voice was low and sly. Caius locked eyes with the demon, exactly what he wasn’t supposed to do and the demon saw a flash of his memory fearing his daughter going to the demon realm.
“Now, why would you be sending your daughter to our world? Surely, you know she can never come back.”
The demon let out a loud shrill laugh.
Not too far away and undetected, they were being watched by another being. He was tall and could have passed for a human, but it was clear to Relic, who locked eyes with the being as Caius and the demon had their exchange, that he was not human and went undetected through the crowd of humans dancing across the floor to the fast-paced techno beats that shook the building. He was tall with sandy-blonde hair, and his fluorescent eyes stood out in the black lights of the club. He moved closer, and Relic lost sight of the being among the crowd. He reappeared and made his presence known as he stood between Caius and the demon.
“I think it would be best for you to back off and go back to where you came from,” the demon hissed at the man standing in his face. “You are already a disgrace to humankind and your influences; you have no influences on them.”
The stranger got right in the demon’s face. 
Caius took Meridian by the arm and moved her behind him and said, “Talon, please, it is okay. We will be okay. Let’s go somewhere we can talk...please.”
The tense and silent moment was broken with Caius’s words.  As the demons walked away backward into the crowd, his whisper could be heard as though right in their ears over the loud music.
“See you soon.”
The sounds of their hisses vanished as they disappeared into the crowd.
Talon turned around and faced the trio. “Boy, you all have some nerve coming in here like this. Why didn’t you wait outside?” he asked.
Relic spoke out to the fallen guide about which he had only heard. “I know that Caius came here and talked to you before. But things have changed, and time is of the essence. Please, can we go somewhere and talk?”
Talon nodded his head and motioned for them to follow him through the crowd. As they walked through the people on the dance floor, ghosts were flying through the air dancing over their heads. Meridian couldn’t help but look at them. They were iridescent and bright in the dark room. One of the ghosts was a woman and she kept her eyes on  Meridian. Relic couldn’t overlook the admiring glance the ghost gave to Meridian.
“Be careful; she swings both ways,” Relic remarked with a laugh.
“She’s very pretty. What happened to her? Wait, how do you know all that?” Meridian questioned as she slapped Relic.
“Ow! What is this with your violence?” Relic chuckled.
“Is there anyone you know who you don’t know their sexual orientation or background?” Meridian asked rhetorically.
Relic ignored her as they followed Talon to the back where it was quiet.
They made it to a room where other fallen were hanging around. Caius and Relic recognized them all. Although they all knew each other from another time, no one exchanged words. The fallen got up and left the room to them. 
“I am surprised you found me here. I am usually not here. I have another place I stay,” Talon said.
“Yes, I know. I thought if you weren’t here I would look there. I am surprised you aren’t closer to your son. Why are you not?” Caius questioned.
Meridian perked up at that comment, and all of a sudden, she had a flood of memories that she never had before. She could see an infant, the baby in the hospital about which she couldn’t stop thinking. She saw him with an elderly couple at a house that looked like it was in the country. 
Those memories spread through her mind in a flash, and then other memories came flooding in faster than she could process them. She saw the baby as a toddler and then she saw him as a young pre-teen boy about the age of twelve. Then, the memories stopped.
As the three were having their exchange, everything in the room went silent. She could see the boy’s life as if it were her own and could hear the sounds of the voices of the couple looking after him. She saw Relic talking to Talon but couldn’t hear them.
Caius looked to Meridian.
“Meridian, hey, are you okay?”
Meridian snapped out of it and realized they were all looking at her.
She blinked her eyes several times.
“Yes, uh, I’m sorry. I don’t know what happened.”
Relic looked at Meridian and suspected she wasn’t all right.
“Hey, let’s go sit down over at the table and give your dad and Talon some time. He has to explain to Talon the terms Selena set out for us and then see if he will take you to the realm,” Relic explained.
They walked over to the table and sat down. Meridian was trying to get her mind around what just happened. 
“So, what just happened? You look like you saw something.” Relic was serious.
“No, it wasn’t like that. It was like memories or thoughts or something. When I came with my parents down here one time, we went to the hospital. While we were there, I wandered into the nursery, and there was a baby boy there. I saw him in my thoughts, and then I could see him as a toddler and then a teenage boy with an older couple in a house that looks like it’s out in the country. I don’t understand what that was. Was I seeing the future? Why all of a sudden could I see all that?”
Relic smiled and said, “The boy you saw was Talon’s son. You must have noticed his memories and thoughts. You are more gifted than I thought you would be.  See, guides can read each other’s minds if we want them to be read, or if we are weak or upset, sometimes thoughts can be heard or read. We can also read humans that we care for. I have never heard of a guide being able to read a fallen or a demon’s thoughts. Were you able to read the thoughts of the creeps we ran into earlier?”
Relic leaned into the table with intrigue.
“No, Dad had stood in front of me. I couldn’t notice anything like that.”
Meridian was more confused, and now Relic was as confused as she was.
“Hmm, strange. I don’t know. I am sure you are going to find out a lot about yourself soon.”
Caius and Talon had wrapped up talking and walked over to the table where they sat.
“It’s time, Meridian. It didn’t take as much convincing as I thought to get Talon’s help, but it is taking some convincing for him to take you to the demon realm. He wants to talk to you alone.”
Talon had quietly watched. “I want to add, you do not need the fairies’ help to locate the psychic. I know where she is, and it isn’t far from here. She lives in an apartment above her building. The problem is making contact. I can’t talk to her because she doesn’t communicate with our kind at all. She will only connect with the spirit guides or anything pure and for the good of things. The only way we can get to that point is to wait when she opens the circle and this isn’t something she does all the time, usually at a customer’s request.”  Talon peered off into the distance as though he had something to say but he was holding back.  
“We will have to wait, and I know that poses an issue. Fairy time, guide time is all different from Earth time. The good news is that in our realms our time moves a lot slower.”

Chapter 14
The four left the bar in a hurry and followed Talon through the streets. Even Caius, as wise as he was, didn’t understand the enormity of what the fairies were requesting. 
 Meridian wasn’t far behind, and as Talon drifted from one thought to another, her reactions were obvious that she could hear his thoughts - no matter how hard he tried to turn them off, she could hear them. He looked at her over his shoulder and Meridian looked away. Relic and Caius kept up the pace alongside Meridian, seemingly unaware of what was happening.
Talon came to a halt.
“Okay, here we are. She is in there right now, and it looks like she just finished a reading. She seems to have another customer waiting. I can see in, but I can’t go in. Caius, you and Relic go in, and I will wait out here with Meridian and talk to her more about going into the demon realm. Once inside, if she opens up the spirit circle, you have to make your thoughts loud and channel all your energy to her. You need to identify yourself and tell her you need her help. She may think it is a joke or possibly an evil spirit. However, you have to do your best to convince her otherwise. okay?” Talon was insistent and serious.
Caius and Relic had never made contact directly with a psychic. They always watched over the normal humans and offered peace with their presence.
“How will we know she understands?” Caius asked.
Talon looked in the window of the psychic’s building. “You will know.”
Caius and Relic walked through the wall, invisible to humans. The psychic human was sitting at her work table with her stone placed in all corners of the table. She was meditating. Across the table sat another woman. She was young and seemed sad; she was tearful. 
 Caius and Relic moved close to the woman and stood over her shoulder watching her. She lifted her head and opened her eyes. Seeming confused, she   paused and looked around the room.
She spoke to the girl at the table.
“Carrie, I know we had a scheduled reading today, but I don’t feel well all of a sudden. I need to reschedule for another time.”
Carrie looked confused but stood up.
“Are you all right?”
The psychic seemed nervous. “Yes, I am okay, I just have a headache.”
The girl politely excused herself, and as she was leaving the building, her tears were falling down her face. Meridian and Talon were outside conversing but paused and took notice of the girl. Relic and Caius stood and looked at each other unsure of what to do when the psychic spoke out.
“I know you are here. I can feel you. You are not my usual visitors. How many of you are there?”
The psychic waited for an answer.
Caius remembered what Talon told him to do. Caius nodded to Relic, and then he placed his hand on her shoulder and sent his thoughts as strongly as he could to the woman.
“There are two of us. We were sent here to you for your ability in hopes of getting your help. We need a fairy stone; this stone is kept here on Earth. It is a very long story, but we need this stone for our kind and, in the end, the fate of humankind. We do not have a lot of time. Do you know about the stone and where it is kept? Will you help us?”
Caius wasn’t sure his message made it to the psychic.
She slowly responded and said, “Yes, yes, I can help you. I do not know exactly what you seek or how I can help you locate the stone. I just don’t understand. Why me? What about the end of humankind? You don’t have to scare me to get me to help you.”
 Caius and Relic were puzzled.
“She doesn’t believe us; she probably thinks we are some weird ghosts wanting some family heirloom,” Relic belted out.
It wasn’t long, but the psychic spoke out. “I sense sarcasm. It is difficult for me to believe that some spirits that I have never encountered want me to go on some hunt for some stone that I have no clue where it is.”
Caius was, as usual, slow to respond.
“I will handle this,” Caius warned Relic as he placed his hand on her shoulder.
“Forgive us. I am Caius and Relic is my friend. We should have made introductions. We have never made contact with a human in this way before and forgot our manners. What is your name?”
The psychic woman was calm and quiet as she waited for the messages to come to her. Caius and Relic watched her as she took in what Caius spoke out to her. With a soft smile, she answered.
“It is okay; my name is Tallulah. Thank you for the introductions. This is different and startling to me. I have never had anything like this. My usual day has people coming to me to make contact with spirits. Most spirits do not come through this strong. I have not ever been asked to do something for spirits. You have to understand that at times I get spirits that play jokes or have ill will.  I am not sure that I trust you, and you have to understand that this doesn’t make sense to me. I will need something from you to trust you. I need to know where I am going or who I contact.”
Caius and Relic conversed among themselves.
“I am not sure what to do. Selena said that she would know.”
Caius paced.
“Excuse me; you know the fairies don’t share everything. So now what?”
Relic wasn’t helping. Caius moved toward Tallulah.
“Tallulah, you are right. I will have to find out more information for you. How can I contact you again?”
She smiled as she spoke out.
“You managed to contact me this way, didn’t you? It seems that there isn’t a problem contacting me at any time. I am usually here. As curious as I am about this contact from you, I won’t go far until I hear from you again.”
Tallulah stood as she was finished talking and was walking her way to the stairs the led up to her living quarters.
“It was nice to meet you both.” Tallulah disappeared up the stairs with a new-found appreciation for the unseen.
Caius and Relic made their way outside. Talon didn’t give them any time to share the information.
“You don’t need to tell me; I heard it all,” Talon wised off.
“Dad! I did too! That was amazing! Is this what it is like to be a guide here? I can’t wait to explore all of this and the gifts I have.”
Meridian was full of zeal for a moment forgetting the purpose of the visit. Caius did not acknowledge his daughter. 
 Talon and Relic watched Meridian’s face light up as she took in all she was seeing and hearing. The three of them stopped and looked to one another for a clue of what the next move was. 
“Selena said Tallulah would know where to find the stone and who to contact, and that isn’t the case. We also have to get Talon and Meridian to the demon realm to get the potion for Kieren, along with the spell book, but we can’t go back to the fairy realm without the stone.  We also don’t have a clue what has happened with Chance or Ridge. We don’t even know if Slaten and Pramlee had any luck with Farrah or even how she took all this.” Caius looked at Talon in hopes of something to go on, and Talon sensed the desperation.
“Look, maybe I can take Meridian to the demon realm and find out about the stone there. The demon we will look for may have that information. But I can’t see how any demon would want to help me or any of you for that matter.” Talon said. 
While they were hashing things out, Meridian wandered away into the psychic’s building. She wandered her way upstairs where Tallulah was getting ready for bed. Meridian watched her as she turned back her bed. She looked around her room and saw that she had quite a collection of crystals on a nightstand next to her bed. She had a bookshelf next to the door where many books with similar labels showed that she read a great deal on crystals of all shapes, sizes and colors. With all the chattering of her father, Talon and Relic, she felt like they were somehow missing something. Tallulah  crawled into bed and opened a book. On the cover, it read: Fairy Stone.
Meridian drew closer to the woman who was so fascinating to observe. Meridian had never had the chance to be this close to a human without her parents or a human with these gifts. As she drew closer, she could hear something. It sounded like a voice. Meridian looked around to see who it was and saw no one else there. She looked back to Tallulah who was sitting quietly reading her book. Meridian peered over her shoulder to read the words in the book and realized she could hear Tallulah reading her book to herself. She gasped to herself in amazement of what she was hearing. Tallulah didn’t seem to sense Meridian’s presence or know that she was close. 
 Meridian’s face softened as she listened to the sounds of Tallulah’s voice swarming within her mind and she liked how Tallulah’s voice made her feel and had no idea just how important to her this one psychic would become.
 After a while, Meridian knew she needed to get back. Meridian whispered out, “Goodnight, Tallulah.”
The quirky palm reader stopped reading, looked up from her book toward the door and smiled. She turned her lamp off, put her book down and went to sleep.
Meridian made her way down stairs and could see her father and the other pair talking outside. They didn’t seem to notice she was gone until Relic spouted off, “Did you enjoy yourself?”
“Oh, I didn’t think you noticed I was gone,” Meridian said.
Relic was still grinning as Talon and Caius watched.
“Really? C’mon, you aren’t that special,” Relic smarted off.
Meridian’s little temper was rising. “Oh, well, maybe I am. Were you and my father able to hear Tallulah’s thoughts?”
Meridian was coy with her rhetorical question. Without missing a beat, she belted out, “I didn’t think so. You know you both always brag about how you can hear thoughts of humans, right? Did you notice that she spoke aloud to you and that you don’t really know if you can hear her thoughts? Well, I could hear her reading her book to herself.”
Caius said, “You know she is right. Tallulah spoke aloud. I know every one of us heard no matter if we were in there or not. Is it possible that some humans have a block on us reading minds?”
“Some humans are born with special gifts, and maybe this human has a gift even the guides can’t overcome.” Talon said. 
The guides and Talon made their way back into Tallulah’s place and waited for morning to come in hopes of getting some clue that she knew where the stone was.
Relic and Caius sat down at Tallulah’s table and began chatting about everything and sorting things out. Meridian remained in the sitting area where Tallulah’s clients waited to get their readings.  
“Can I sit down?” Talon appeared suddenly. 
Meridian startled a bit and she rubbed the upper part of her legs and awkwardly said, “Sure.”
Her nervousness was apparent to Talon, who tried to remain detached from the feeling he picked up from her.  Meridian struggled to maintain eye contact with Talon.
Knowing Meridian was struggling and so new to everything he said, “I know we don’t know each other that well, but your father told me what Selena is asking. I am willing to take you to the demon realm, but I do not want you going in without understanding what you will be getting into.”  Talon’s voice trailed off as he rubbed his hands fidgeted.  
“Getting into the demon realm is not hard when you are with a being like me or even a demon. It’s once you get there and when you try to leave that will be the challenge. Someone like you doesn’t go to the demon realm, and I can’t say for sure what will happen. All I can tell you is I will do everything I can to protect you, but I am not as strong as I used to be...when I was like you or them.” Talon nodded to Caius and Relic who were sitting across the room chatting.
“Okay, I understand, I think. Have you been to the realm?”
 “Yes, I have been there, when I was first cast out from the realm and fell to Earth. It was like a dream state at first. When I realized I was in the demon realm, it was a lot like the way the human’s Bible explains what hell is like, but in reality, there is no hell. The demon realm exists in its own plane or dimension. It isn’t a dimension that is easily traveled - even for a demon. It is hot and very dry; desolate and depressing. The difference is that hell isn’t full of human souls that weren’t accepted into what Christians call heaven. The demon realm is just like it sounds - full of demons. I was put there and tortured for weeks it seemed. I was beaten and abused by many demons at one time. I was burned, kicked, slapped, hit...just about any abuse you could imagine. See, when a fallen enters they are treated worse, because at one point I was good, and I was a guide. A being like me shows up, we aren’t even really accepted into the demon realm. We are outcasts, stripped of our goodness and damned for eternity. I have never been back since the time I was finally released. I still to this day do not know the meaning of my existence. Every day I roam this planet, I see the evil that humans are capable of, and then I see the greatness and compassion that they have too. It is very surreal to me to see things in this way. Some of us who Warrick has cast away still have our lingering feelings of the want to do good, but it’s very difficult. We can only cause harm and do evil. We fight it, but we are frowned upon for not acting on the very thing that was instilled in us when we fell into the demon realm. I fight the urges to help influence a human that is contemplating suicide or to rob a bank or abuse their child. I also fight the urge to feed off the wicked ways of some people. See, demons and my kind feed on the very essence of evil. We are drawn to it.”  
Talon’s tone changed and quickened as he continued his story. “There is a misconception in some religions that Satan and his followers are what influence humankind to do evil acts. The irony is the opposite, we are drawn to those who act on those thoughts. Humans are born with the entire scope of good or bad. What makes them so unique and powerful is the one thing they have that my kind and the demons do not have...that is a choice. Humans have the choice to do right or wrong. We don’t cause it one way or the other. Once some human acts on those thoughts or initiates an act of wrong, we are simply drawn to their aura and influence it further. The more bad things are done, the more we feed off it. The feeling itself gives us our power to thrive and grow. When a guide is close, or a human is driven by acts of kindness and goodness, we lose our power or our influence.”
Talon stopped speaking. Meridian was in awe of what he was saying. The information she was hearing mesmerized her.
There was a long moment of silence between the two. Talon looked sad and defeated as he stared at the floor. Meridian put her hand on his back to offer comfort.
“You really are a good being, Talon. I feel it when I look at you and hear you talk. I know what I have to do is dangerous, but I feel safe with you, and I feel like everything will be okay. Now that I can hear the psychic’s thoughts, I have hope that I can find out how we can get the fairy stone.”
Meridian was concerned but remained hopeful.
Talon eased Meridian’s concerns as he smiled and talked. The two spent the rest of the night talking with each other, mostly about Meridian’s experiences as a guide and growing up with her parents. Caius and Relic spent the rest of the night chatting about the old days and the hopes for a better time ahead. The sun was coming up, and the chatter had slowed as they waited for their new human acquaintance to wake.
Tallulah woke up, made her way downstairs, and went to make her pot of coffee to get her going. Everyone downstairs remained quiet as she strolled through the kitchen. Her kitchen was a part of the area where she worked. Her place was small, quaint and cozy, and smells of aromatherapy flourished through the rooms each day. 
While she waited for her coffee to finish, she lit her favorite candles and watered the ivy she had throughout. Talon looked at Meridian to see if she gave any indication that she could hear anything from Tallulah’s thoughts. She shook her head no. Caius and Relic just waited patiently because they couldn’t hear a peep. It wasn’t long before Tallulah sat down with her cup of coffee in the very place where she had spoken to Caius the previous evening. She began to remember the day before and went over it in her head.
I wonder why this spirit has contacted me for a fairy stone? Was it a joke or a bored spirit? Why would he say something about fighting to save humankind?
Meridian heard the questioning thoughts as loudly as if she were saying them to her. Meridian rose up and walked over to the table, then sat down next to the woman. 
Tallulah said, “I know you are there. I can feel you.”
Meridian looked at her father and Relic who were sitting at the very table from the day before. Caius and Relic shrugged their shoulders. Meridian moved closer to Tallulah and placed her hand on her shoulder, but there wasn’t much of a response.
Meridian spoke out to her, “Tallulah, my name is Meridian, and I am Caius’s daughter. I know he came to you for help and that you may be reluctant to entertain all of this. We really do need your help. I know you like stones. I saw them in your room. Please, if you know anything, tell us, and we will leave you be.”
Tallulah’s face lit up and seemed very emotional. She looked around the room. “Meridian? Another spirit. I am so overwhelmed by all of this.”
Tallulah spoke and then went silent. However, her thoughts were very loud.
Meridian stepped away from the woman and stumbled back into Talon who had now made his way over to the group. Meridian was silenced and seemed distressed. Caius quickly made his way to her as Talon held Meridian.
“Meridian, what it is? What is wrong?” Caius had never seen his daughter in this state. 
Meridian was frantic and pacing. “Dad, I can see what she sees, and I can hear her thoughts. She knows where the stone is. I can see the stone, and it is in some old room buried beneath a floor!”
Caius and Relic both were standing in front of Meridian frantic with her to get any bit of information that she had.
“Tell us where, Meridian? Where?” Relic was dancing around the apartment.
“I don’t know.... I don’t know.... It is here on Earth. Close...but I don’t know this place. I can see an old house, like a museum or something similar that has strange things like stone. There are decorations, stars, moons and bottles...a lot of bottles that have something inside them.”
Tallulah left the room yelling as she ran back up the stairs. “Get out! I want you to get out!”
Talon stared at the empty space where Tallulah has sat before and then he looked to Meridian and said, “Meridian, you said you saw an old place or a room, and you saw an old house, but it was a museum?”
“Yes!” Meridian was overwhelmed with her gift of hearing thoughts and seeing images.
“What Meridian is describing sounds like something a witch would have or someone who is Wiccan, maybe pagan. There are all kinds of places that could have all she described. However, the museum part has given me a clue where it could be hidden. We aren’t going to get much out of this psychic, but we could go and check it out to see.  Let’s go. Maybe we can get what we need, and you all can get back to the realm and satisfy the fairies.” Talon took off out the front door. 
Relic said, “Okay, wait a minute—really? Have you all not thought this through? Talon, you are supposed to be a demon, right? Why can’t you just scare her into it? C’mon...can’t you just get in her ear and tell her something scary?”
Talon stopped just outside the door and said, “Uh, no. It doesn’t work that way. You have watched too many mortal movies. What did you expect?”
Talon walked off and left Relic there. As Caius and Meridian walked away, they glared at Relic, and he threw up his arms.
“What did I say? Man, that dude needs to get a sense of humor. That psychic lady does too. Everyone is so uptight.”
They all turned around and yelled: “SHUT UP, RELIC!”

Chapter 15
Chance left the realm full of fear in his heart, but he knew what he had to do, no matter what his fate was. In moments, he felt his body leave the fairy realm, and he opened his eyes and stood in front of the doors to Warrick’s mansion. It didn’t take long for the guards to realize he had come. Without hesitation, they rushed him, threw him down and dragged him inside.
One of the guards said, “We found him outside, sir.”
Chance looked up from the ground to see Warrick’s feet in front of his face. 
Warrick kneeled beside Chance. “You sure have a lot of nerve coming here, traitor. You will be cast away into the hall of souls never to see anyone or anything again for all eternity.”
Warrick’s words were calm but chilling.
“You can’t do this to me now, Warrick. I have a message for you from Caius.” Chance mumbled out the words as he struggled to his feet. 
Warrick walked away from Chance, and at the moment the name Caius left Chance’s lips, he stopped and turned around to face Chance who had now stood up on his feet.
“Oh really? And what is that message?” Warrick gestured to Chance to come forward.
“The fairies sent Arianna and Meridian to Earth to collect the fairy stone that has been hidden away. They were supposed to have gotten help from a psychic there, but a demon kidnaped them and took them to the demon realm. The only way we can get them back is if we can get the stone to the fairies and Selena has said she would then get Arianna and Meridian back. Once she gets them back to Caius, he said that he would come back to the realm to have the trial.”
Chance rushed through his words in fear.
“Hmm, really? Caius is just going to come back here knowing his fate and bring his wife and daughter back too? I don’t believe you! You lie!”  Warrick shouted.
“No, sire, please believe me. He will come back; he knows he has too,” Chance pleaded.
“What is the catch? There is always a catch.” Warrick grinned as he asked the question. 
Chance sighed. “He said if anything happens to me or anyone of the guides here, he will not return to the realm and neither will Arianna or Meridian.”
Warrick quickly stormed over to Chance and got in his face. “How dare you say that to me! Caius does not call the shots, and he cannot run from me forever! I will have my day with him and his family for their betrayal.”
Warrick was out of breath with anger. 
“Guards, take him to the prison and lock him up. Neither he nor Farrah are to come out, and no one speaks to them until I say! So, Caius thinks he can get the stone and get the fairies’ help, does he? Well, he can’t get help from the fairies without the stone if we get it first.”
 Slaten and Pramlee rushed into Warrick’s chambers.
“Father, what is all the commotion? Where is Mother?” Slaten yelled out.
“Boy, you do not come here and speak to me in that way. Both you and your sister are traitors to me just like your mother, and you both will be punished accordingly!”
Slaten and Pramlee stood in silence as a voice echoed from the hallway. “Warrick, you have much explaining to do!”
There stood the other two council members who always accompanied Warrick when meeting with guides. Warrick looked up behind his children and there stood Charity - quite possibly one of the oldest of the council but never wanting the high position that Warrick took. Next to her, stood Brennan.
“Your children have told us everything, and it is deeply disturbing the news we have come to find out from them. We came here to hear your side of things, and we won’t be leaving until we get the truth from you. Is what your children tell us true?”
Charity was a tall, thin, but strong being. Her long gray hair and the lines on her face illustrated the time she had spent in all her lives and her existence in the realm. She was a wise and patient being but had no tolerance for cruelty and manipulation. 
Warrick would not look at her, and he ignored her question.
“Very well then, Warrick, you can maintain your silence. In the meantime, you will not harm any guide here in the realm or anywhere else. If Caius has truly broken the laws in the way of the humans, then he will stand trial for those accusations, but he will not be punished for anything that you may personally have against him. I have stood by for years and overlooked your ways, and the time has come for it to be stopped. We will see Chance and Farrah, and we will be doing a little investigating of our own. You know the unspoken law.... Its two to one on this one, and you do not hold that majority. You will stay here until Caius returns for trial.”
Charity’s words were slow but fierce. She turned away and disappeared into the hallway leaving Pramlee and Slaten standing with Warrick. 
Pramlee said,  “Father, we don’t understand why you have come to be this way and why you are hurting everyone around you.”
Slaten tugged on her arm and gestured for her to come along with him. Warrick watched as his children went to leave the room.
“Slaten, you are my son, and this is who you are. This is who we are, and we have to protect our own. Caius hates me for many reasons, and he wants to hurt me and force me out of the realm. Don’t you see that?”
“No, Father, I don’t see that. All I see is a vengeful and vindictive guide who should be removed from both power and the realm. You will reap what you sow.”
Slaten’s tone was full of disgust as they left the room. 
“We do not have any time to waste. Caius is out looking for the stone and more than likely he is under the spell and help of the fairies. He will be impossible to track. Find the stone and bring it to me. If Caius can’t get the stone, then the fairies will not help him, and they will be forced to come to me. I am going to stop this madness and expel both Charity and Brennon.” Warrick said.
“Sire, what about Slaten and Pramlee?” the guard inquired.
“They are lost to me now.”
Warrick’s tone was solemn as he left the room and shut the door behind him.

Chapter 16
Pramlee and Slaten made their way back to Ridge’s to find Janus, Cora and Ridge seemingly not there. All of a sudden, Slaten felt something shove him over into the wall.
“Hey! Who is that? Stop!” Slaten shouted. 
Luna made everyone visible again.
“We all agreed that we all wait here for Caius. You both took off without telling any of us what was going on, and we were sick with worry. You blocked your thoughts; how do you expect us all to feel?” Ridge said.
“Calm down! Yes, we took off, but we knew you wouldn’t agree. We found the other two council members and told them what was happening. Chance delivered the message, and he is now in prison with our mother. Charity has ordered that my father is not to harm anyone and to wait for Caius to return for the trial. He knows that Pramlee and I have turned on him. We left right after Charity confronted him,” Slaten said.
“That won’t be enough, if I know Warrick,” Ridge replied. “He has probably sent people out looking now, and I don’t know if Selena will hold her word and protect everyone. We can’t stay here now. We need to get to Earth, find them, and help them get the stone - if they haven’t already. It hasn’t been that long. Time on Earth moves so slowly. Surely, by now, they will have at least made contact with the psychic. I don’t think we can wait here anymore. They are all in danger.”
Ridge looked to everyone in the group, and no one spoke.
“Luna, can you protect us on Earth?” Ridge asked in desperation.
“Yes, I can. It is no different from being here. My mother won’t like that I have gone, but I am involved now. I worry what will happen if we don’t go. Remember, if you go too far away from me, I can’t protect you. Everyone has to stay together, and we can’t get separated.”
Luna meant it; she felt involved and wanted to help. “Okay then, everyone, we are going to Earth. Stay close to each other.”
Pramlee and Slaten held hands. Janus, who had been missing Slaten, couldn’t help but take the opportunity to also get close to him. Pramlee let out a giggle, and Slaten rolled his eyes.
“Shut up, Pramlee.”
The room lit up emerald green, and a portal opened. One by one, they walked their way through the portal to Earth.

Farrah sat alone in her cell for a short amount of time before she could hear the sounds of marching footsteps coming down the hall. The door to the holding cells had only a small square opening to see out of, but it was filled with four bars. She couldn’t hear any talking, and she hoped it wasn’t her son being dragged in for telling her everything that he did. 
The marching stopped, and she heard the squeaking sound of the door across the hall from where she was. After a small pause followed by shuffling,   the door slammed shut. Farrah ran to the door and peered through the small opening; she recognized Chance.
“Chance! What are you doing here? What is happening?” 
“Farrah, Slaten is okay. I think he and Pramlee managed to make it out, but I can’t be sure. With your son’s help, the bought us some time and they found Charity and Brennon.”
Farrah sighed. 
“Why are you in here, Farrah? What happened?” Chance asked.
“I confronted Warrick about what Pramlee and Slaten told me. I lost my temper, and this is the result. I am sure he will cast me away,” Farrah said quietly.
“I don’t think so; you shouldn’t sound so defeated. We have the other council members now that they have stepped in. Once they find out everything through the trial, I think we will see a change. I can’t see the others agreeing to cast you out. I am the one who will be on that road. I fear that once Caius returns, I won’t make it until the trial, and who knows what will come of me in the meantime.” 
Chance consoled Farrah as the hours passed.  





Chapter 17
Talon and Meridian stuck close together as they arrived near the location that had come into Meridian’s mind as an image. 
“Talon, where are we?”
 “You can read my mind Meridian, can’t you? You should know.” Talon said as he smiled at her. 
“Yes, I can read minds to a degree with you and the human, but it isn’t like you think, or even like I thought it would be. Things come to me as images or memories. I can’t always know what you are thinking,” Meridian said in a playful manner.
“Oh, I really imagined it was mind reading. I mean, when I was a guide, we could hear each other’s thoughts. Of course, I can’t now,” Talon said.
“Yes, yes, I can read the thoughts of guides, of course, when they want me to and vice versa. You and Tallulah were different, though. I still haven’t been able to figure out why my father and Relic can’t read your images or memories,” Meridian said.
Talon offered his advice to the spirited young woman he saw in front of him. “It may be a special gift you have that no other being has, and it may be that it is a gift you will have to take time to understand.” 
Caius caught up and interrupted the conversation. “Hey, what is this place? It looks like a park or something. I thought the image Meridian had was of a building of some kind.”
 “You are correct, Caius; it is a park. We are in Salem, Massachusetts. I don’t know if you have ever heard of this place, but there is a history here with witch trials long ago. The image I believe Meridian saw is a museum here that is about witches and contains a lot of Salem’s history. It seems that the stone may be hidden here or somewhere close by. With Meridian being able to read images or memories, I am hoping maybe Meridian can pick up on one of the humans who runs the museum who may have that knowledge. We have to be close.”
Relic said, “It is a very good idea. Look, I am sorry for what I said at the psychic’s place. I am very sarcastic at times. We do need and appreciate you.”
They were all stunned at Relic who very rarely showed that side of himself. Talon was lost for words and gave a nod and a smile to Relic in return. 
The four stood in the park in silence after the humble exchange between the fallen one and the sarcastic spirit guide, who in generalities were ideally on the opposite side of humankind. The silence was interrupted with the ground shaking beneath their feet. The wind picked up in the park, and darkness surrounded the group.
“What’s going on?” Meridian ran toward her father. 
Caius put his arm around his spooked daughter. “It is all right, Meridian; someone is coming. You haven’t seen the other side of a portal between Earth and the realms. Judging by the lighting of the color purple, it is someone from the realm; I just hope it isn’t Warrick’s coup.”
 Relic walked toward the portal as the shaking died down, the winds stopped, and the shadow of something approached. With a grin, Relic’s words were always so provoking. “Well, look what the cat dragged in.”
Ridge was the first to step out, and as he composed himself while the others came through, he put Relic in his place. “At least I have something that would drag me in. From what I hear, there isn’t anything across the realms that would drag you anywhere, let alone touch you, Relic.”
Ridge’s sarcasm was always appreciated by Relic who was already snickering at the remark thrown back at him. Talon stood behind the group unsure of what was coming out from the other side, but he gave an admiring smile at the exchanges between the boisterous guides
Luna was second to come through alongside Pramlee and Cora. Last out was Slaten followed by his new admirer, Janus. Though new to the circle, of course, Talon knew Caius, and in the past, he also knew Ridge, but that was it. 
Meridian couldn’t restrain herself and was so excited to see her friend. She and Pramlee ran to one another and embraced. Being the one with expert manners, Caius made sure to introduce Talon to the guides who had never seen a fallen or had the opportunity to get this close before. 
Despite Talon’s intimidating looks with his eyes and strange-colored skin, they were welcoming of Talon. 
Meridian and Relic quickly joined Caius in the introduction of Talon. “Everyone, this is Talon, and he has been such a source of help and support to us here.” 
Meridian’s thoughts took over the introduction. “By the way, how did you know we were here?”
Luna stepped forward and introduced herself to Talon. As she walked toward him, she gave a quick explanation to Meridian. “Well, fairies have their ways of knowing where things are.”
Talon caught Luna's coy explanation despite being distracted by the excitement of the moment. Cora and Janus were a little shyer about meeting the fallen one, but nothing else could be expected from the bubbly one of the group who quickly left her brother’s side in excitement to meet this new friend.
“Hi, Talon! This is so exciting, and I am so happy to meet you! Thank you so much for taking care of Meridian.”
Pramlee’s excitement overwhelmed  Talon as she gave him an awkward hug. Once she was finished overwhelming him, she paid no attention to his discomfort and walked away. 
Talon whispered to Meridian, “Is she always like this?”
Meridian smiled and whispered back, “Yes, actually worse.”
Meridian’s giggles loosened Talon up.
Naturally, Caius took the lead in the group. 
“Okay, everyone. As much as I have enjoyed our happy moment during the reunion, we really need to get to it and get the stone. Meridian has discovered she can read images and memories of humans. We were able to locate the psychic, and even though she was uncooperative, Meridian could read her memories, and through these memories or images, Talon believes that the stone is somewhere close to here in an old house or museum.”
Even though Slaten quietly listened as Caius spoke, he paced and obviously in need to share some information. “Caius, I need everyone to know that my mother was thrown in prison by my father because she confronted him about everything. He knows we have all turned against him, even Pramlee and me. I know Chance made it back, but I am not entirely sure what happened to him. We found the other council members and told them everything, and they confronted my father too. Everything is out now, and even though it may have bought my mother and Chance some time, and he thinks Meridian and Arianna have been taken into the demon realm, I am afraid he will come here.”
“Why is Farrah in prison?” Caius’s calm voice had turned into fear.
“I don’t know, Caius. We told her everything and then she went to confront my father. I am guessing, knowing her, that she lost her temper and they fought.”
Pramlee and Meridian walked over to Slaten to comfort him. Janus was still holding his hand.
“Slaten, we will get your mother out of there. Cora and I know how much she means to you, as any mother means to her family,” Janus assured him.
Cora had stood quietly, but the glares toward Meridian were sharp.
Cora walked over to Luna. “Your mother said once we get the stone that she would wake Kieren from the spell. Everyone here is so consumed with everything that it seems Kieren has been forgotten about, and he is a part of the reason we are here.”
Cora’s words snapped out and provoked irritation from Meridian who marched over to Cora. “First of all, no one has forgotten Kieren and the purpose why we are here. Most of all me. Every being is important in this - including Talon and the other fallen!”
Relic stood in front of Meridian facing Cora. “Stop it now! We all know how you feel about Kieren, but Cora, you have to realize how Meridian feels too.”
Caius and Meridian’s faces illustrated their shock to hear the guide who was in love with Meridian stick up for her and another guide with whom he lost his temper.
Talon spoke up and interrupted the tense moment to get everyone focused on the task at hand. “Let’s hurry. You all can settle your scores later.”

Chapter 18
 Everyone followed Talon who had instinctively taken over. Meridian stayed close by Talon and her father. 
Caius strolled along with his head hung down as he thought about Arianna and how she was probably sick with worry. Slaten, Pramlee, Janus and Luna walked behind chatting about Warrick. Trailing far behind them all were Ridge, Relic and Cora intensely discussing the exchange between her and Meridian. 
 They moved closer to downtown where the energy of this quaint town flourished with the history of the Salem witch trials that happened so long ago. People walked the streets, moving in and out of the shops and cafés around town. Meridian’s eyes lit up as she walked into another human who walked right through her. Though far behind, Relic never let Meridian out of his sight for long and he smiled as he witnessed her amazement at the experience.
Cora caught the smile on Relic’s face.
“I don’t know why everyone is so in love with Meridian. She isn’t like the rest of us. She has never lived a human life and doesn’t have a clue about what it means to be a guide in the real world.”
Relic didn’t appreciate Cora’s attitude.
“Look, she is different, but that isn’t her fault. You are just jealous of her because of Kieren, and you need to get over it. Kieren obviously likes her, and she feels the same way. Let it go,” he lectured.
“Why? Why do you stick up for her? She has been leading you on forever it seems, and she doesn’t feel the way you do,” Cora snapped.
“The way I see it is I have to step out of the way, let fate take over and let it be what it will be. If Meridian and I are meant to be then it will happen. I want her to be happy, and she hasn’t had any time to experience much for herself. I have to let go for her to do that. You need to let go and let things happen the way they were meant to be and stop interfering so much.”
Cora knew Relic was right, but she was used to getting what she wanted, and this was new to her.
Everyone’s chattering was silenced when Talon stopped and turned around to speak. “It is near the end of the day now, and the museum will be closing soon. Meridian needs to go in and spend some time to get as much information as she can and find the lead to the person in charge.  Not all of us need to be around blocking the energy, but someone needs to go in,” Talon insisted.
“Why don’t you go in?” shouted Cora.
Luna interrupted. “He can’t go in there. This place is hard enough for him to be around. There is a dark history to this place. Talon reacts to those negative energies. He is afraid he will lose control. I will go with Meridian.”
Relic said, “Yeah, how does she know all of that?”
Slaten said, “Would you shut up? Fairies know a lot, so don’t go getting all butt hurt because someone knew something you didn’t. Geez Relic, you really are a peacock you know.” Shaking his head, he walked away.
Meridian and Luna walked toward the witch museum. The others stood outside the building watching the pair as they disappeared through the walls of the museum. 
Ridge’s curiosity about Talon surfaced and he took the opportunity and said, “Talon, I am sorry that you have been dragged into this.”
“Yes, it has. This is the least I could do. Besides, I don’t make a good fallen. It is nice to be useful again,” Talon replied sincerely.
“What have you been doing?” 
“Well, I hang around a lot at bars. Seems ghosts like it there too. I try to stay away from cemeteries and places like this that may attract the dark. It wakes up the demon in me, and when that happens, I can’t control it. It is like a frenzy takes over and I grow strong and powerful in the presence of evil. Once I get the essence my desire to influence humankind is strengthened.” His reply complete, Talon went quiet.
“I don’t understand. If you can’t get your energy because you stay away, then how do you exist?” Ridge asked. 
“Well, it is difficult. If I get within the vicinity, I can feel some, but I have to keep my distance or it takes over. It’s like telling an alcoholic that they can go to the bar and watch everyone else drink and that’s it. Although it is a tease, I still have to have it to exist. I tried to get away from it once and nearly passed. I even took myself close to a church to cease to exist there. My life force was leaving me, and the pain was just as strong as it was when I was initiated into the demon realm. All I could think about was my human-born son, Aiden.” Talon stopped himself.
“Yes, I know about your son, and I am sorry.” Ridge felt awkward for bringing it up. “Where is he now? I hope you don’t mind that I ask.”
 “Aiden is actually not too far from here. After I was banished from the realm, his mother, a human, went to the hospital to give birth. She passed away from complications not long after he was born. His grandparents came to get him, and they have been raising him. Time here drags on but at the same time seems to go by fast. I have watched him from a distance over the years. He is now nearly eighteen in human years. Of course, to us, it has only been a short time since he was born. I go and check on him from time to time, but I can never get close.” Talon had not spoken of his son much to anyone before, and he found it strange to talk about him now.
“Does he have a guide that watches over him? There are so many in the realm. I can’t keep up with them all—thousands of us there now,” Ridge explained.
“I don’t think so. I never put too much thought into it. I figured Warrick would never allow it being as he is the son of a fallen.” Talon ran himself down.
“He is the son of a guide,” Ridge pointed out. “Talon, he may have gifts of his own since you were a guide when he was conceived. That has never happened to my knowledge, so we don’t know much about humans in that way. Would you mind if I stopped by and checked in on him for you? I would be honored if you would let me.”
Ridge wanted to be helpful to both Aiden and his father.
“You would do that for me?” Talon questioned in disbelief.
“Yes, I would; I would love too.” Ridge sealed the deal with a pat on Talon’s back.
It wasn’t long, and Meridian was already getting images coming from everywhere. The museum wasn’t closed yet and still had several humans touring it.
“I don’t know if I can handle all this. I am picking up images and the memories of every person here.”
Meridian was overwhelmed and becoming upset. Luna was composed and wanted to comfort her.
“Meridian, it is okay. We can go to a part of the building where there aren’t as many people so you can collect yourself. Follow me; there has to be a place we can go.”
Luna grabbed Meridian’s hand and pulled her through the museum. She didn’t find anywhere to go, so she and Meridian went through the wall to the back of the museum where they stopped.
“How do you feel now?” Luna asked.
“I am better; I don’t seem to be flooded with images,” Meridian replied with relief.
“Let’s wait out here for a little while; it can’t hurt anything.  Maybe after the museum closes you can get close enough to see if there is anything helpful. Sound okay?”
Luna was really trying hard to comfort Meridian although it wasn’t her usual way to be.
“Yes, that sounds good. I felt so rushed in there, and I am still finding out all these gifts I have. It is almost a curse.” Meridian’s excitement for her new gifts was dwindling. “I just want to get back to Kieren and wake him up. Then we can go back to the realm where things make sense. Even then, the way I understand it, nothing will be the same. Especially now.”
Sadness was overtaking Meridian, and Luna was feeling increasingly guilty for carrying around the secret behind Kieren’s spell that her mother had the guides believing.
“I will be back soon,” she assured Meridian. “Just stay here and rest for a bit. It would do you some good to get away from some of them in the group, especially Cora.” Luna then winked and smiled as she walked back into the museum.
As Luna walked away, her guilt was overriding her sense of duty to her mother and her kind. She took her time walking through, sorting out her thoughts to herself. If she didn’t tell Meridian the truth, she risked too much, especially for herself. If Meridian got the stone and went with Talon to the demon realm and somehow didn’t make it out, Selena wouldn’t help the guides in stopping Warrick’s need for control and, most importantly, tearing Meridian’s family apart for his own gain.
 If she did make it out and Kieren came out all right, then Relic would have no choice but to step out of the way. Then Luna knew she may have her chance with Relic that she had always wanted.
 Luna rushed back out to Meridian as soon as the museum closed. There were only a couple of workers left in the building. She made it outside and realized Meridian wasn’t where she left her, but before she had the chance to look for her, an old woman’s voice spoke directly to her.
“I knew I felt something close that was not human.”
Luna looked past where she left Meridian and peering around a tree was a woman. She was an old woman with long gray hair wearing flowing black attire. Luna looked around to be sure that she was talking to her and not someone else.
“Yes, I can see you. I see all fairies,” the old woman confirmed. She spoke to Luna as though she had been talking to fairies her whole life. 
Luna was frozen in her tracks and unsure what to do. “How can you see me?”
Luna began to move toward the old woman who showed no fear of the fairy staring back at her.
“I can see all fairies. Some call it gifted, some call it psychic, and some would call me evil, but I will settle for being called a witch. It shouldn’t come as a shock to you. Look around you and take note of where you are. The best-kept secrets are hidden in plain sight. My name is Esmra.”
Esmra walked toward Luna who was struggling to work out what her new acquaintance was saying.
“I know why you are here. You seek the stone with the guides,” Esmra said confidently.
“Yes, we do. Can you see the guides?” Luna couldn’t help but ask about what else she could see.
“No. I can only sense the guides, and I also sense another presence not of your kind and not a guide. I can’t distinguish what it is. Will you tell me?” Esmra asked.
“Well, he isn’t a demon, but he used to be a guide and was cast out, he is a fallen.”
Luna was cautious in her words.
“But he helps you and the others. He brought you here, didn’t he?” Esmra let on that she knew more than Luna anticipated.
“Yes, he does, but at times when he is away from evil he grows weak, and when he comes near it he is strong but if he stays too long the evil takes over, and well, I suppose you know the rest of what he will do.”
Luna was getting distracted looking for Meridian.
“Your friend is all right; she wandered to the front with the rest of your friends looking for you. You better get back and explain yourself and tell them the truth.” Esmra smirked as she spoke.
“How do you know about that?” Luna demanded.
“I know many things. I am an old woman and have seen and sensed many things in my time. You need to spill your secret to your friends. It is getting dark, and tonight all kinds of humans will come to celebrate. The psychic, the good and, of course, this night always attracts the unbelievers.”
Esmra turned and walked away from Luna leaving her questioning her statements.
“What do you mean, this night? Esmra, please, do you know where the stone is? I’ll tell them the truth; please help me! Are you the family who are holding the stone?” Luna begged.
Esmra stopped walking and turned around to face Luna who had run closer to her. Luna stopped moving and desperately waited for an answer.
“Luna, today is Halloween and not only is it Halloween.... It is Halloween in Salem. Your fallen friend won’t stay helpful for long if he stays around here. There is an old house at the end of a dirt road about two miles outside of town. It is past an old abandoned gas station. That is my house; you can’t miss it once you find the gas station. Meet me there at midnight.” Esmra was done talking and continued to walk away.
“Esmra, how do I find it? Please,” she implored. Luna didn’t have the knowledge to find her way around Salem, but Esmra continued to walk away. Luna knew she had to get back to the group who waited for a clue as to where the stone was. She knew what she had to do.

Chapter 19
Luna reluctantly made her way back to the group. The museum had closed, and the sun was setting. Everyone was seemingly calm waiting for her to appear. Meridian was there talking to Relic and her father. As she came into sight, Caius was quick to question her.
“Luna, what happened? You left Meridian out the back and us out here worrying. She said you went inside. What did you find?”
“I did go inside looking for some clues. Meridian hasn’t learned to control the images that she gets or control what comes through, so I took her to the back to get centered. When I came back out, she was gone.” Luna’s speech was rapid.
“Okay, so now what? Were you able to get anything to help us?” Caius asked.
“Yes, I did, and I think that I may have found that family that my mother was talking about, but first, before we go into that, I need to tell you all something.”
Caius spoke for the group. “Of course, Luna, you are helping us, and if that is all you ask, we can do that.”
“When you all went to see my mother for help, and she told you she needed the stone to wake Kieren from the spell, and then she also told you to get Talon and take Meridian to the demon realm to get the book from a demon that took it, she wasn’t being exactly straightforward with all of you. She also wasn’t being as forward with regards to Kieren and how to wake him. First of all, the stone is needed to wake Kieren, but it isn’t only my mother who can have the stone and wake him. Any one of us could use the stone to wake him, but we would have to know which spell to use with the stone. If we get the stone, we don’t have to rush to Selena or the demon realm to wake Kieren. My mother does want our book back because it is in the wrong hands, but she only told you what she did so Meridian would get the stone and go straight to the demon realm and then back to the fairy realm. When I went back to find Meridian, I ran into a human, but she isn’t a normal human. She is a witch, and she could see me as plain as day. She can’t see any of you, but she can sense all of you, even Talon. She knows we want the stone and I think she has them. I also believe if she is a true witch she may be able to give us a spell that we can use to wake Kieren without going to the demon realm. We all have to meet her at midnight tonight at her house. She also said that tonight is Halloween and it isn’t safe for Talon to be close to this place. We have to leave for a while and come back later.”
Luna’s lengthy explanation had everyone frustrated and angry.
“I can’t believe this! We have wasted time by going to Tallulah who wouldn’t help us only to find out that the stone is with a witch or maybe not. Selena probably knew this the whole time. We have wasted time and risked so much, and not to mention Talon and what he risks!”
Meridian could always be counted on to be the firecracker. 
“Calm down, Meridian; this is how fairies work. They work in riddles and by being vague to get what they want. We knew this going in. Be happy that Luna has decided to be more upfront about the whole thing, instead of putting you through going to the demon realm.”
Caius calmed his daughter, and Relic looked at Luna with suspicious eyes while Ridge brought up a point.
“So, if we manage to get the stone and a spell from this witch, how are we going to get back to the fairy realm without Selena knowing what we are doing? There is no way we can pull this off. She will want that book either way. I say we go to the witch’s house and if we can get the stone and a spell we go back to the fairy realm and confront Selena. We can wake Kieren up ourselves. If she wants the book, then she will have to promise to help us against Warrick by offering us sanctuary there until it is safe to go back to our realm and get this trial over,” Ridge remarked.
“Ridge, you have good points,” Relic noted. “You are always sound minded, but we are dealing with fairies here. If we go back without the book, there is a chance Selena will really turn against us. I think we see the witch, go back to the fairy realm, confront Selena and wake Kieren, but we keep the stone with us and go on to the realm after and get the book. If we keep the stone and get the book, she will have to honor her words. We agreed, and we have to follow through. I know how they think.”
Talon was antsy as he motivated everyone to move on. “I know a place we can go to for a few hours and wait. It isn’t too far from here for us to travel.”




Chapter 20
In seconds, Talon led the group to a small house in the country further south where is was warmer. The house was white with red shutters and a red tin roof, and it sat up on a hill at the end of a long dirt road. It was surrounded by pasture where cattle could be seen grazing. 
The house itself appeared empty even with a light on in a room on the second floor. There were two vehicles parked in front, one older truck that looked like it was used for farm work, and a newer black one. Talon stopped at the end of the drive.
“I can’t go any farther than this. We should be safe here for a while until we can go back.”
Pramlee and Slaten looked around taking in the scenery.
 Cora asked, “Why do we have to stop here? Who lives here?”
Meridian said, “I have seen this image.... I saw this when I got close to you, Talon.” 
“Yes, I am sure you have,” he said. 
Ridge left the group and walked closer to the house. The distance was about half a mile.
Ridge walked to the end of the cement driveway that the road led to where muffled voices from within the house were audible.  Moments later, the front door swung open and a young man jogged down the steps of the porch toward his truck.
“Okay, Grandma, I am just going to hang out with some friends at a party tonight. I promise I won’t be late.”
As he was leaving the house and getting into his black truck with smoky-gray tinted windows, Aiden was followed by his grandmother.
“Where is this party? You know what happened the last time you went to a party. Your pa had to get out at two in the morning and pull you and those buddies of yours out of the ditch by the river. We can’t have any more of that,” his grandma said.
She stood outside the passenger side window still waiting to find out where the party was. Just as she asked again, the young man started his loud truck and gave a coy grin to his grandmother.
“I really wish you would put an industrial-sized muffler on this thing. I don’t know how you stand it,” she lectured.
Still grinning, Aiden put his truck in reverse and began to back up.
“I love you, Grams. You have to remember I am eighteen now, and I am a responsible adult. I promise everything will be okay.”
He backed out of the driveway and blared his favorite rock song as he left. He made it to the end where the guides and Talon waited for Ridge to return. As he made his right turn on the main road, everyone could see him.
Meridian was especially attentive to the interesting young man who passed by. She watched Talon stare at the loud truck go by until the taillights disappeared.
“Is that your son?” Meridian questioned.
“Yes, that is Aiden,” Talon softly replied.
“That is the baby I saw in the hospital, which seems just a few months ago?”
“I know it is hard to take in, but yes.” Talon laughed a bit as he explained. 
 “You will all be safe around here until we go back to the witch. I am going to look after my son for a while. I won’t be far away, and I won’t be long,” Talon said.
“I want to go with you,” Meridian remarked.
Talon looked at Caius as he stood with the group for unspoken permission to take his daughter. Caius gave a nod.
 Talon looked at Meridian and said, “All right, if your father is okay with it, then I would be honored for you to go with me.” The pair vanished into thin air.
Relic, Caius and Ridge wandered over by the house to look closer at where Aiden lived. They too were curious about the young man leaving the others at the end of the road. 
Chapter 21
Warrick paced back and forth with rage. 
“What is taking so long?” Warrick shouted to his guard.
“Sire, the others are on their way to Earth as we speak, but it won’t be easy to find them if they are under a fairy spell. The other guides are hearing rumors of what is happening. We want this to wrap up and get to trial as well as keep the realm calm,” the guard said. 
Meanwhile, Charity and Brennan made their way to the prison where Farrah and Chance had been taken. The two jumped to their feet to look out the small opening in the door of their cells.
“Farrah? Chance? We are here to visit with you about Warrick and what is going on.”
Charity’s voice rang relief and fear in their ears at the same time.
“Charity! How did you find us?” Farrah shrieked out. The two guards that accompanied the council members opened the cell doors.”
Slaten and Pramlee found us after you spoke to them. They told us everything. We went to confront Warrick,” Charity soothed Farrah.
“Slaten and Pramlee told us quite a tale,” she continued. “Warrick has said nothing about it and has refused to speak. The tale is so big; I have to question everything. I know Caius has to stand trial for an act he committed on Earth with the human child. So, I have to question Caius’s motive to tell Slaten and Pramlee what he did. Either way, no matter what happens, I promise that I won’t let anything happen to the two of you as long as neither of you has committed any crimes.”
“I understand we have to go through all of this now. But the others on Earth, what about them?” Chance questioned.
“Nothing will happen to anyone until the trial and they return with the truth,” Charity replied.  
 “Charity, I know all of this, and I would never disrespect you, but I have spent time around Warrick too. He has many sides. I believe the hunch that I have about him and what he is capable of.”
Charity took the pair out and let them back to her quarters for questioning. 
“What exactly is your hunch?” Charity questioned.
“Please do not feel I am trying to make things more complicated. Warrick is unlike any guide I have ever known, and how he has managed to do the things he has and maintain his position is beyond me. But I do believe that he has connections with the demons.”
Chance quickly stopped to watch Charity’s reaction.
“That is impossible!  Now I know that Warrick has abused his power, but the demons would never do anything to help Warrick. Why would they?” 
 “I believe you, Chance.”
Farrah offered her support in front of the other two council members. Being the younger regarding time in the realm, Brennan had remained quiet for most of the exchanges.
Charity said, “I need both of you to comply and cooperate with us as we go through our questioning. As soon as we wrap up with that, I will be confronting Warrick again to get his side of things. If we feel based on what we find out that he is a threat to our kind, and if we find what Chance states has validity, then we will incarcerate Warrick until we can talk to Caius, Slaten and Pramlee. The rest will come to me as we go on. 



Chapter 22
 
 The four guards that were on the lookout made their way to Tallulah’s home. Tallulah herself was nowhere to be found, and there were not any clues left behind that would give them any idea of where they were.  
The popular bar in the city where Talon liked to stay was crawling with the demons and ghosts of all kinds. The humans were having a party and costume contest. Night was in full swing, and the bar was filling up with people. Some came without costumes, but most of them were dressed as vampires, werewolves, monsters and fairies. The women made no compromise in their dress and dressed as provocatively as possible to draw the most attention in the hopes of winning the best costume. 
As the guards walked in unsuspected by the humans, demon eyes gave away who were the real monsters versus the people in their costumes. The two demons that were at the bar when Caius, Meridian and Relic were there recognized the guards and made their way over.
“You just missed your people.” The demon sneered. 
The main guard spoke for the group. “When?” he asked.
“You all shouldn’t be in here; you need to tell Warrick that we had an agreement to watch over Talon and keep tabs. In exchange, he was supposed to keep you guides under control and allow more of our influence on humankind. He has, for the most part, kept his agreement, but these encounters are a little much. Especially here. This is not a part of the deal. He promised us that we had the majority of the balance here on Earth,” the demon hissed at the guards.
Slowly, the other demons in the club made their way over to the group.
“They were not sent here by Warrick. We wouldn’t be here otherwise. Back off, demon. We just need to know where they went.”
The guard offered no apologies for his presence.
“I could only get a read on Caius. He was sending his daughter to the demon realm with Talon to get the book for the fairies. He needs the stone first. They were on their way to the psychic’s place last I could get from his thoughts. He unlocked his eyes from me before I could get more. Talon stepped in, and due to our agreement with Warrick, I didn’t do anything to Talon,” the demon finished.
“What? Chance told Warrick that you all kidnapped them and took Meridian and Arianna to the demon realm.” The guard was confused.
“I am growing tired of you. Warrick is running out of favors from us, especially where his fallen are concerned; he continues to dispel them here on Earth for us demons to have to deal with.”
The demons walked away and had nothing else to offer.
“We have to go back and tell Warrick about this.” The guard motioned his followers out of the crowded bar and vanished in an instant.

Chapter 23
Meridian found herself in strange surroundings. Not to mention the strangeness of being on Earth with a fallen. 
Talon had whisked them away to a house not far from Aiden’s home in the same town. The house was big, and whoever owned it was clearly wealthy. There were a string of cars sitting outside the house, and music could be heard from the driveway where they stood as they watched the teenagers go in the house. 
Meridian and Talon beat Aiden there but only by a few minutes. They could hear his loud truck coming down the street. Three girls who had been sitting outside in the yard stood up to dust themselves off as he turned off the truck and got out. One of them walked to the truck and greeted him with a kiss. Meridian could hear the conversation of the other two girls who waited in the yard.
“I don’t know what he sees in Amy. I mean, she isn’t that pretty or anything,” stated the jealous friend to the other girl.
“What do you mean? Of course, Amy is pretty. You are just jealous like all the other girls we went to school with. I mean, he is pretty good looking and different from all the rest of the guys. I get the allure with his muscles, pretty big blue eyes and, of course, we can’t overlook his rogue attitude. His long hair pretty much sums up the attitude,” the dismissive friend spat back.
“Come on, Lexie, there are plenty of fish in the sea. Amy and Aiden are happy. You need to get over your breakup with him and move on, really.”
The sensible friend who went by P.K. put her arm around Lexie, and they followed Aiden and Amy into the house where the party was going full swing. Of course, all the happenings at any party were going on—underage drinking and loud music.
Meridian saw a similar situation in her world with Cora and Kieren. Her thoughts were on Kieren, and the time she watched him play in the band. She smiled to herself with how smitten she already was with Kieren. Talon was watching as well.
“Your son, he is pretty popular, huh?” snickered Meridian. 
Talon laughed. “Yes, he is. He dated that Lexie girl for a short time and they broke up about six months ago. Now he has this Amy girl.  I think he was pretty upset about it, but he seems to be doing better with this other girl. If he is anything like I was as a human, he will be a little hard to tame for a while.”
“Talon, I know that we don’t know each other that well, but do you mind while we stand outside here if I ask you something about Aiden?”

“Not at all. I never get to speak of my son, and it seems to help me when I do,” Talon remarked.
“When I was with my parents at the hospital, I saw Aiden as a baby. I couldn’t help but be drawn to him, and I went to the nursery where he was. My father became very angry with me over it and wanted me to stay away from Aiden. Was it because of you or something with Aiden? Why am I so drawn to him? I couldn’t stop thinking of him after that.”
“Your father wanted you to stay away from Aiden, probably because of me, what he knew of my past with his mother and that I was cast out. He was just being a good father. You were drawn to him because even if you do not realize it, you have chosen to be his guide.”
“I chose Aiden?” she questioned.
“Yes, hasn’t anyone taught you that? I saw you choose him the day his grandparents came to take him home. As a guide, you are compelled toward certain humans, and it isn’t always apparent why you choose who you do, but that is how it works.”
Meridian perked up. “That was you.”
“I chose Aiden’s mother too. But I took it too far and made myself known to her. I fell in love with a human, which is forbidden.  Things happened with us, and Aiden was the result.”
“I don’t understand. What about Farrah? I thought you two were a thing, and then Warrick found out and cast you out as punishment.”
“Yes. Sometime after Warrick had his affair with Pramlee’s mother and he told Farrah, she came to me and confided in me. My affair with Aiden’s mother was very short. I cared for her, and I had fallen in love with her, but I knew we could never be together. Once Farrah came to me, Aiden had already been conceived. Farrah and I began spending a lot of time together, and we fell in love. Months later, when Aiden was born, it wasn’t long before I was cast out. It all happened very close together.” Talon said as he kept his eyes to the ground. 
“So, my father thought that if you were a true demon, and you were Aiden’s father, then you would be around him a lot, and then if I chose Aiden then our paths may cross, and he was worried about me.”
“Yes, thing of it is, our paths crossed but I bet I am nothing like you thought I would be.”
Meridian stared at Talon and studied him as he now moved his eyes to the house.  After a brief silence Meridian said, “I want to go into the house and see everything. Will you come with me?” 
“I can’t Meridian; I would do anything to be close to Aiden, but I don’t think I can go near him considering what kind of kids are in that house. If there is anything evil in there, I’ll react to it, and things will happen. I don’t want to scare him,” Talon stated.
“Well, I can go in there and check on him for you.”
Meridian gave him a wink back, walked to the house and disappeared from his sight.

Chapter 24
Relic, Ridge and Caius looked around Aiden’s house. His grandmother the only one there while his grandfather was away on a hunting trip.
“Not much to do around these parts?”
Relic loved mocking the hunters and country folk.
“Shut up, man! Really. Haven’t you spent any time around any humans who lived in the country? Uh no, wait Relic, allow me; That is just so below my standards,” Ridge pretended to push his imaginary long hair out of his face. 
“Really, Ridge, I wasn’t knocking. Was more going for a break in the tension? I mean, this is truly insane. Look at us.  Wanted guides, hanging out with a fairy and a demon. I mean, if this was the Old West and there was such a thing as wanted signs for guides we would sure fit the profile,” Relic joked.
“Well, this isn’t the Old West.” 
Ridge looked out the window and spotted Cora.  
“Cora, I don’t know how you all feel about her, but I just don’t trust her,” Ridge added.
“Oh, blow her off. She’s just in love with Kieren. That will all work out when we wake him up,” Relic said and then vanished to join the others they originally left behind out in the field. 
Ridge and Caius continued to look around Aiden’s house. His room was typical of a teenager’s room. There were clothes on the floor, the bed was unmade, and empty cups were strewn from when he had drank while he sat at his desk and worked on his school studies. He had a picture of a girl on his desk and posters on the wall of his favorite rock bands.
“Relic would really like Aiden. Check out his walls.”
Ridge snickered.
“Yes, he would. Aiden isn’t anything like I thought he would be so far. I realize we don’t know much about him, but he seems like a normal human boy. I thought with Talon being his father and being what he is that maybe Aiden would have a dark side to him,” Caius remarked as he walked around the boy’s room.
“Oh, I don’t think the dark side you think he has is what his dark side is. Every human I have ever watched over has a dark side. They just don’t show it to everyone,” Ridge replied.
Caius walked over to the window, the same window that could be seen when they first came to the house. As he looked out he could see Luna, Slaten, Pramlee and Janus sitting at the base of a big oak tree at the end of the dirt drive. Almost there, Relic and Cora were walking and talking.
“What do you make of all this, Ridge? I mean, we still don’t have the stone. Now we have to go to this witch’s house that Luna swears by that we haven’t even seen. Selena hasn’t been upfront. We knew she wouldn’t be and now we have to get back to her and renegotiate things so we can save Kieren, a boy my daughter seems to be in love with. And we are doing all this while running around with a fallen that I actually let Meridian go with to watch over the very boy I wanted her to stay away from,” Caius recounted.
Ridge walked over and looked out the window with Caius.
“I don’t know. Just days ago, we were all going about our business and taking care of our humans, and today it seems our existence has taken a major turn. As far as everything else goes with Meridian...she is growing up, and not everyone and everything is what they seem. C’mon, old friend, let’s go back down. No telling what garbage Relic fed to Cora.”
Ridge patted his friend on the back as they left Aiden’s bedroom.
“I don’t like Cora. I realize she is no real threat now, but I can’t say what will happen when it all goes down. She and my daughter sure don’t like each other, and that bothers me,” Caius stated.

Chapter 25
The music was loud, and as if that wasn’t enough, Meridian couldn’t block out the images and memories of all the teenagers in the house at the party she and Talon attended. After a few seconds of pushing herself to focus, she found among her new gifts that she had a way of controlling what came through.
As Meridian made her way to the kitchen, she saw Aiden laughing and joking with his friends and his girlfriend. She focused on him and what he was saying, and she loved hearing his laugh.  Soon, Meridian found herself standing right next to him among the crowd, mesmerized by his presence and charm.
The drunk teenagers made for a loud and wild party.  Aiden’s ex, Lexie, didn’t appear to be as drunk as everyone else and she quietly stared at Amy and Aiden from across the room.
 Meridian zoned in on Lexie and could hear her mind, but she didn’t  sense her memories so much, but the thoughts and the sequence didn’t make any sense. Lexi staggered closer to Aiden as she held a red solo cup in her hand filled with something dark in color.  The smell was strong but not something Meridian had ever smelled before. Lexie’s speech was slurred as walked and moved toward Aiden and swung her arm around him. As tall as he was and as short as Lexi was made the distance a stretch. She fell straight away onto his chest and spilled her drink all over the floor.
“Lexi! Wow, really? You got Jack Daniel’s all over the floor. My mom is gonna flip out!”
The lecturer’s remarks came from Aiden’s best friend, Chris. Amy pulled away from Aiden and went outside. Naturally, Aiden followed, and Meridian was on his heels. 
Just as they walked outside the house, another truck pulled in, and five noisy guys got out. Talon’s senses were running away with him. He could sense their ill will in the air. His breathing picked up, and he became dizzy. 
Amy and Lexi were now screaming at one another outside and screaming fueled by alcohol. As they pair continued to holler at one another, Talon’s skin heated up.
Meanwhile, the five guys from the truck were nearing Aiden and the fighting girls. Meridian  left the group and made her way over to Talon.
“What is wrong?” Meridian asked.
“Get away! Get away! I can’t stop it! It’s happening.... Those boys, they mean harm. They mean harm to Aiden. They are drunk and high. Meridian looked over to the guys, and Talon was right. One of the guys was carrying a baseball bat, and the other three were following behind.
“Aiden! I told you to stay away from her!” the boy with the bat yelled.
As soon as the words left his mouth, he was in full run toward Aiden, swung the bat and hit him in the back, knocking Aiden to the ground. 
 Aiden had come to his feet and was dodging swings from the belligerent boy with the bat.
Talon lost all control, and in a flash, the fallen had taken on the form of a demon—red-skinned, eyes glowing green, a mouth full of teeth and foaming at the mouth. 
He rushed into the boy swinging at Aiden and knocked him off his feet. Chris ran out the door toward Aiden and the boy with the bat stood up again and looked over to see Chris who he thought was the one who pushed him down.
“Oh yeah, Chris, you want to get in on this because your boy can’t fight his own battles?”
He swung and hit Chris in the ribs and he dropped to his knees holding his side. The gang of boys rushed and tackled Aiden to the ground during the confusion. Talon was nowhere in sight, and then Meridian saw a flash stream by and the boys were flung, one by one, off Aiden. Two of the bullies were hurled into a tree and knocked unconscious. One of the gang members who couldn’t see what was causing  the commotion ran away into the truck. Batboy was picked up...the bat crushed and split in two and in one thrust, hurled into the tree. By this time, everyone at the party had come outside to see what was happening. P.K. took over.
“Everyone, go home. This party is over. Someone call an ambulance!”
Aiden crawled over to Chris who was holding his side, “How did this happen? Chris? Did you do this?” Aiden asked.
“Are you kidding! I just got hit with the bat, and I think my ribs are broken,” Chris replied.
The sirens were audible as the ambulance drew closer to the house.  
Meridian looked for Talon who was nowhere to be found. She called out his name over and over and did not get a response. Meanwhile,  Aiden and Chris had been arrested after their ride to the hospital along with the boys who started the attack.
“Talon, where are you? They are takin Aiden to jail! Those boys are going to the hospital. I overheard the paramedics saying that one of them may have internal bleeding! Where are you? Don’t leave me here alone.”
Meridian was pleading to what seemed like herself, but then Talon’s voice could be heard. However, he was nowhere to be seen.
“I am still here, Meridian. I can’t let you see me this way. I need some time to calm down and get away from this madness. Please give me a few moments, and I will get you back to your father. It is getting closer to the time to go see the witch.”
Chapter 26
     In moments, Talon did as he promised and reunited with the rest of the guides who waited for him and Meridian to return. He then led them away on a speedy travel where they all arrived back in Salem in a local cemetery where Halloween was in full swing. 
	The town brimmed with people dressed up, decorating the town like Halloween. 
“Salem is now brimming with everyone out celebrating. I need all of you to stick together. Instead of going through town to Esmra’s house, we are going to portal straight there, and I will have to leave. I cannot go into her house. I do not know what kind of witch Esmra is, and if she uses her magic for dark reasons, I can’t ever be around her.”
Relic belted out a laugh, and Ridge slugged him.
“What do you mean dark reasons? I thought all witches were dark and that would make you both get along well.”
Relic always was inserting his foot in his mouth.
“Relic, you are in way over your head,” Luna scolded the boisterous guide who soon quieted his laughter at himself.
“Talon, we are grateful for what you have done for us. If you can get us there, it would be appreciated. How can we find you once we get back from the fairy realm? I know we will have to go to the demon realm and once again we will need you,” Caius pleaded with the fallen.
“I will find you. If for some reason I don’t, just go back to the farmhouse and wait for me there.”
Talon was sad, and only Meridian knew why. No one was given the opportunity to say anything further. They had transported to a dirt road on the outskirts of town. 
“That guy really needs to learn some social etiquette,” Relic spouted.
Meridian snarled at Relic. “You know, Relic, you really can be a jerk sometimes.”
As much in love as Relic was with Meridian, she was the only thing that could truly silence him. He was confused why Meridian had gotten so close to this being. He didn’t say anything back to her, and he didn’t get a chance. Luna led the group, and they walked the dirt road to the house at the end just like Esmra had explained. 
“What do you know about Esmra?” Pramlee asked.
“Not much really. She knows a lot, and she could see me. I don’t know if she will be able to see all of you, though. I don’t even know if she has the stone, and if she does, I don’t see her just handing it over. What I can’t figure out is how she knew we were all there, and how she knew what we were looking for.”  Luna said. 
“Maybe she wants to help us? Maybe she knows more about our kind and your kind than we imagined?” Janus offered.
“I think this is going to be so cool getting to meet a witch. Who knows? Maybe we have a new friend here. She can’t really hurt us, and I think she will help us.” Pramlee said. 
The walk was coming to an end. In the darkness, the house was amorphous. What was clear, though, was that the house was very big and looked like it must be around two hundred years old. There was a big porch that stretched the length of the front of the house, with little grass or plantings. Just some old rocking chairs sat near the front door. 
Everyone but Pramlee and Luna stopped. The pair turned and looked at everyone standing around. Not even Caius was brave enough.
“Really? You all are going to stand there and not come in?” Luna questioned them all.
Cora moved to the front.
“Well, we will come in once we see what it is like.”
Pramlee let out a big laugh, stepped down off the porch, took Janus by the hand and led her up to the house.
“It will be fine. Really, you all are a bunch of chickens.”
They walked through the wall next to the front door. All the rooms were dark except a light in the very back of the house. The smells were strange and were coming from the back. 
A voice spoke up. “I am in here; I felt you come through.”
Esmra invited in the trio. They moved on to the back where they found the witch standing over a stove.
“I just put on a pot of tea. Please have a seat. I wasn’t sure you would come, but I am glad that you did.” 
The girls sat down at the small table for four. Esmra turned around and looked, and all she could see was Luna.
“You brought some friends, but they aren’t like you.” Esmra smiled.
“You can see them?” Luna asked.
“No, I can feel them. There are two of them, and I know that they are sitting here at the table. Hello, what are your names?” Esmra asked.
“Pramlee and Janus,” Pramlee answered.
Esmra smiled. “I am very glad to meet you both.”
Luna looked around the room and back at Esmra.
“You can hear them?” she questioned.
“I can hear them as loudly as I can hear you. I just can’t see them. Are they guides?” Esmra asked.
“Yes. How did you know that?”
“Well, I can see fairies, and I can see ghosts. I have never been able to see guides. I have only encountered guides a few times in my life. Most of their kind carried over from their human life.  Their belief is that my kind is evil,” Esmra recounted.
“How did you know that I was at the museum?” Luna asked.
“Well, as much as I can see you, I can feel your presence. I really don’t live too far away to know, but I was in town earlier today, and I found you. I have known about the fairies for some time. I know you have been looking for the fairy stone.  I have been hiding the stone for years, and so has my family. The rest of the coven is out in town enjoying the festivities. Why don’t you go get your friends and tell them to come inside and I can explain everything.”
Esmra stood up and went to the stove to get more tea. In total shock, the guides went outside leaving Luna at the table and explained to everyone that Esmra was no threat and she was there to help. Everyone filed into the kitchen and surrounded the table where Esmra sat.
“Wow, there are a lot of you! I can’t say I have encountered a group such as this. I am so happy to meet all of you.”
Esmra was not intimidated and seemed enlightened in their presence. Caius took advantage of her kind nature and was right to the point.
“Esmra, you know we are here for the stone. How is it you came to have it and know we needed it?”
“This stone has been in my family for years. We are the ones who guard it. They were given to us by the fairies’ years ago to watch over.  Selena knew the demons would, for the most part, stay away, and she said that she didn’t trust the guides and someday there would come a time that she would need the stone back. Of course, all the information was given to me down the line. This goes back hundreds of years and is written in our coven book. It is how we witches pass knowledge down through generations.  How is it that spirit guides are here and with a fairy?” Esmra asked while she stared at Luna.
“It is a long story. What I am confused with is why would Selena tell us to go to a psychic first—to a woman named Tallulah?” Meridian asked. 
 “I know Tallulah; however, I don’t know why Selena would send you to her first.”  Esmra stopped herself, holding back more about the palm reader. 
“Fairies are not always direct, but there must have been some reason she wanted you to go there. My theory was as a distraction, but from what I can’t say.”
“Luna, what do you know of this?” Caius questioned.
“Caius, I promise I have told you all I know, and I do not know why my mother would send us on a wild goose chase.”
 “Esmra, we need the stone to get back to Selena. She has one of our kind under a spell, and she said that she will need the stone to wake him. We found out through Luna that we could break the spell with your help by getting the stone and getting a spell. Will you help us?”
Caius seemed unusually passionate about waking a spirit guide, that for the most part was new to the group.
 “Why would there be a spell put on your kind by a fairy that you are helping?” Esmra asked.
“Luna put him under a sleep spell, and Selena said that he wouldn’t wake if we didn’t get back in time with the stone. She also wants me to go with a demon to the demon realm to get a spell book of the fairies that was taken by a demon long ago.”  Meridian answered.
“This makes no sense. Child, what is your name?”
“I am Meridian, and my father, who you have been speaking with, is Caius.”
“Meridian, you have gifts, and you are special. How is it that you do not know that you could wake your friend? You do not need Selena’s help, and you really could have done it without my help.” Esmra turned to face the invisible guide that stood over her shoulder. 
“My daughter’s gifts are still being discovered, and she is still trying to figure out how to use them,” Caius interrupted.
“The rest of my coven is out in town and won’t be back for a while. I will get you the stone, but I will give it to Luna because that was the instruction given to me by my coven. As much as I sense that there is more to all of this than even my kind know, I have to follow what our family was instructed to do.”
Esmra got up from the table and walked up her stairs to get the fairy stone. As she reached the top of the stairs, laying on a soft blanket on the floor, blue eyes peered up at Luna as she arrived at the top of the stairs. He was a beautiful wolf, and Luna knelt down to pet him. Esmra stopped to watch the fairy with her companion.
“My mother told me that long ago we communicated to humans through wolves,” Luna recounted.
“Your mother would be right. They mainly were thought to be used for the Native Indians, and that is true, but not all witches can communicate with the fairies. Wolves were used for us to talk to your kind. Did your mother share that with you?”
Luna stood up. “No.”
Esmra opened a closet door that looked to hold the expected witch staples - Bottles, cauldron, herbs, incense and candles. Behind all the witch trinkets, she pulled out a wooden box and opened it with a key from her pocket.
 Luna and the guides gathered around the witch and took in the sight inside the box and there was a cross shaped, purple quartz stone the size of the palm of a human hand. 
Pramlee said, “I thought fairy stones were smaller than this. I have never seen one this size.” 
“Yes, they usually are a lot smaller. Humans hunt them as well and carry them or even wear them for jewelry. When they were given to my coven, it was said that it was blessed by the fairies and offered luck, peace, love and healing to those who not just kept them but for those who were in touch with the spiritual world and used them in conjunction with spells.” Esmra smiled as she handed the stone to Luna.
“The spell you will need to wake your friend is a very simple one and can be used with the stone.”  Esmra paused and shared the spell with Meridian. 
“Thank you, Esmra. How we had the luck to come here and for you to find us is amazing, and how you just took to us the way you did. Many humans reject us or don’t believe in people like me, and even some do not believe in the guides.”
Esmra gushed with appreciation. “Don’t feel too rejected. Most humans reject my kind as well. I am sure you know the history of Salem. A few women and men of my coven were hung in the famous witch trials. We are not always accepted.”  Esmra smiled as she began to move toward the staircase.  “I could spend days talking with you about what religion and politics have done to this country and even the world. My kind are not evil, and we practice for the good of nature and humankind. Just the way you all do, but the difference is we are human. Some take it to a bad place, and that is why we suffer the reputation.”
Esmra led them back down the stairs.
“Esmra, we are facing the same thing with a being from our world. He takes his power to a dark place. It seems that we won’t be able to escape it now.” Ridge was eager to explain. 
As Esmra made it down the stairs, she looked at Luna and spoke to the group who she couldn’t see.
“I know coming from me this may not matter, but I do believe in karma. I see it with humans all the time. I see people do horrible things to each other. To the innocent, it always seems that the ones doing harm always get away with what they do or that they don’t get the punishment they deserve. I still believe that karma has a way to take care of that. Most times, the innocents aren’t present to witness the punishment that the universe serves. People get what they deserve in this life or the next, and in the end, we all have to face who we truly are and answer to our doings. If it can be true for humans, then I don’t see how it couldn’t be true for any other beings that roam our universe. I wish you well, and I wish you all luck. You are welcome here anytime.”
Esmra said her farewell as she shut the door and went to bed. It was nearing three in the morning.
Luna held the stone as Pramlee took another look before locking the box up.
“We have to get back to the fairy realm,” Luna stated.
“What about Talon? I know we know where to find him, but shouldn’t somebody let him know what is going on?” Ridge asked the group. “I mean, Selena is expecting us to return with the stone and the book. She will know if we come back to the realm without the book and wake Kieren.”
“Look, by now anything could be happening,” Caius stated. “I am worried about Arianna, and I want to get back to my wife.”


Chapter 27
“I need to go back, Caius, and confront my father again.”  Slaten had been quiet with fear most of the trip. Ridge grabbed Slaten by the shoulders.
“No! If you go back, there is no telling what will happen!” he shouted. “Do not risk yourself. I know you are worried about your mother, but I don’t think anything will come of that until the trial. Trust me; you have to stay out until we know it is safe. Let Caius do what he needs to do. If anything, I can stay here and wait for Talon, and the rest of you go to the fairy realm. Caius will need all the support he can get.”
Slaten agreed silently not giving the rest of the group any indication of just how upset everything was for him to take in. 
“Maybe I should stay here with you and wait for Talon?” he suggested. “I mean, he and my mother were close at one point. He and I really haven’t spoken that much to one another. Maybe talking to him will help me.”
“Slaten, can I stay with you? I don’t want to go if you aren’t leaving.” Janus appeared zealous to stay and have an excuse to be close to Slaten. 
“Sure, that is okay. Sis? What about you?” Slaten asked.
“I love you, Slaten, but I know Meridian is going to need me.” Pramlee said.
“Go, we will be fine. Hurry back,” Ridge said as he motioned them away.
***
The guards that were on the move made their way back to Warrick, eager to share what they had learned from the demons. Warrick was right where Charity and Brennen had left him. He was wise to keep a low profile and spend some time thinking about how he was going to spin this story in his favor.
“Sire, we have news,” the guard spoke out.
Warrick was silent with anticipation.
“Sire, we went to a bar close to the psychic’s house. We didn’t locate the psychic, but we did speak to a couple of demons there that said Caius, Meridian and Relic passed through and left with Talon. He said that Talon agreed to take Meridian to the demon realm to collect the fairy book, but they had to come back with the stone as well.”
Warrick stopped his pacing. “So, Chance lied to me; Arianna is with the fairies, Meridian goes voluntarily, and Talon is her escort!”
Warrick was seething with rage. The guards were becoming unsettled in his presence.
“I need to go down there and get things done myself. If I leave, then the council will be onto me. What else did he say?”
The guard shifted uncomfortably.
“He just wanted me to relay a message...that you need to continue to hold your end of the agreement.”
The guard winced waiting for the explosion.
“Oh really? He wants me to uphold my agreement. Well, I would say casting half the guides to Earth as fallen is one way I keep the balance of power in their favor. What if it stopped?”
Warrick questioned only himself.
“Sire, I really don’t think we need the demons turning on us right now. So far, the fairies are siding with Caius, and half the guides in the realm will support him. We can’t go making a scene, especially now.”
Warrick’s cold eyes stared at his guard. “You have a nerve speaking to me in that way, but you are right. The only place I can think of where they may go is somewhere close to Talon’s son’s home if he is truly helping them. I want you to go there and report directly to me what you find. Charity will be here soon to try to finish this part of the investigation up before the trial begins. If they have gotten the stone, they will go to the demon realm next. If Meridian weren’t the one going, I would say let them go because they won’t come back from it. The gifts she will soon learn she has will make her unstoppable, not to mention the human boy, Aiden. He will have gifts all his own. Go now! Find out what you can, but do not let them portal out,” Warrick demanded.
“Sire, they can portal from anywhere. How do we stop it if the fairies help?” the guard asked fearfully.
“Earth is a central location for all portals. We can’t portal to the demon realm from anywhere but Earth. So, go now!”

Chapter 28
Meridian, Caius, Relic, Cora and Pramlee all filed in, returning to the fairy realm led and protected by Luna who was still carrying the powerful fairy stone her mother wanted.
“Luna, what are we going to do first? Go to your mother? If we don’t, I am afraid that she will get angry. I can’t worry about that right now. Too much has gone on and I need some explanations myself. My mother isn’t only vague with all of you. We are going to go and get Kieren first and then confront my mother.”
Luna was determined as they made their way back to the dwelling but they were stopped by the most intimidating of the fairy realm.
“Orion, oh it’s just you.... Please move out of the way. We are here to wake Kieren and get him out of here,” Luna tried to push her way around.
“Luna, Kieren has been taken and so has Arianna. They have been moved to a secret place here by Selena’s terms. I do not know where they are.” Orion’s voice was slow and deep.
“What! Why? Tell me!”
“You know the ways of your mother, and she knows your ways. She knew before you left on your journey that you would disobey her orders. So, they are gone. I don’t even know where. She waits for you in her quarters; I would suggest you start there,” Orion said, directing them down the hall.
Luna and the group pushed passed Orion and made no quiet entrance. Luna slammed the doors wide open scaring the other fairies who accompanied Selena as she sat on her chair drinking her wine and spirits.
“Ah, Luna, my dear sweet daughter, how you love to make an entrance and make one with an interesting lot have you.” Selena sneered.
“Mother stop it! Stop your games! Where are Kieren and Arianna?”
Caius walked up behind Luna and put his hand on her shoulder, and Selena let out a loud and spooky laugh.
“Oh, Luna, I know how you are, and I knew your feelings for Relic would overpower your mother’s wishes.”
She said all of this with a smile.
“Now, where is the stone?” Selena snapped.
Caius and Meridian were no longer taking a back seat to this conversation. They moved forward in front of Luna.
“Selena, I know we had an agreement, and we are still going to go get the book. On our journey to get the stone, we were told that Meridian could wake Kieren and she wants to do that before we go to the demon realm. Talon has agreed to help and all we are asking is to let us wake Kieren and let me see Arianna to know she is safe.”
Caius kept his calm for everyone, but Meridian was seething at the fairy. 
“So, you learned a little about yourself, Meridian? Did she give you the spell?”
“Yes, she did, and I want to wake him. Luna told us this before we saw her. The things we have gone through could have been avoided,” Meridian snapped.
“Control your daughter. Apparently, she hasn’t learned the gift of humbleness,” Selena snapped at Caius.
“I am sorry, Selena. Please forgive her. She is young and in love,” Caius replied.
Meridian softened in disbelief that her father was accepting things about her that just a short time ago he rejected.
“Please. Let us take care of him,” Caius pleaded.
“Very well. I will let Meridian go and wake Kieren. You may see your wife, Caius. But Arianna will remain here until the book has been brought to me,” Selena demanded.
“Do what you need to do and get out of the realm, and do not come back without the book.”
Selena’s words were ice cold. Luna’s face showed disappointment in her mother. Selena left the room and moments later Arianna walked out from a hallway. Meridian ran to her mother and hugged her while Caius embraced his wife that he loved so dearly.
“Oh my, it seems like ages. I have missed you so,” Meridian cried. “I have so much to tell you; so much has happened.”
“You can visit with your mother when you come back. Arianna, we still haven’t been to the demon realm. We do have Talon’s help,” Caius reassured her.
“What? How? I thought you had to get the book first?” Arianna asked. 
“Are you okay?” Caius asked.
“Yes of course. Selena has been kind to me. She said that I had to stay here with her.”
“Okay, okay. I am just checking. You can’t go with us right now. I want you here safe. I will be back. I have to go now,” Caius explained.
“Now? You just got here?” Arianna reached out to Caius as he was turning away. 
“I don’t have time to explain. I love you. Meridian, we have to go.”
Caius pulled on his daughter’s arm that was wrapped so tightly around Arianna. Meridian and Caius reunited with the other guides and Luna who waited for them. They all left the quarters and went back into the hallway where Orion greeted them.
“I will take you to Kieren. He is okay, and no, I promise I didn’t know where he was before now. I was told to take you.”
Orion could see the group’s tension and didn’t want any of them to think he had any part in what had taken place. He led them to a room not far from where he had been before everyone left the fairy realm. Meridian pushed the door open. Everyone stood behind her in the doorway, and there Kieren lay asleep. He looked so peaceful, and it was a sight to see after what they had all been through. Meridian felt that it had been a lifetime since she had seen him and that she was now becoming someone different. Cora stood in and felt the need to put in her comments to suit herself.
“Hurry up, Meridian, and wake him up!”
Before Meridian had a chance to respond, Relic interrupted, “Hey, leave her alone. Go on in, Meridian. Take Pramlee with you. We will be outside waiting for you if you need us. Do you have the spell Esmra gave you?”
Meridian nodded, and Luna handed Meridian the coveted box that held the stone. Pramlee took Meridian by the hand and led her into the room. She closed the door so that everyone could wait outside.
“Meridian, I know this is a spell that you can cast on your own. Is there anything I can do?”
Pramlee could always be counted on to be supportive.
“No. Just be here like you are and always have been.”
Meridian hugged Pramlee and then walked over to Kieren and kneeled beside him as he slept. She placed her hand on his forehead and closed her eyes. With her free hand, she opened the box with the stone and placed it alongside Kieren, and she held the other two in her hand. She read the words Esmra wrote down for her on the paper she had carried with her and memorized along the way. The instructions were clear.
“Say the words aloud for the slumber to pass, and the sleeper will rise so you will again see into his eyes.”
Meridian read the chant and began to allow the words to come alive.
“Hear my call. Hear my plea! Lend me your powers at be. Wake Kieren from his slumber. Bring Kieren back to me.”
Meridian chanted the spell nine times after which the stone began to glow in her hand.  After the ninth round of the chant, Meridian opened her eyes and watched Kieren and Pramlee leaned over Meridian sharing her hope. 
“Give it some time, Meridian.” Pramlee calmed her. They remained by his side and held onto Kieren’s hands. Minutes passed, and Meridian felt a twitch in his hand. She gasped and looked to his face for a hint of movement. Kieren’s eyelids began to flutter as he struggled to open them. Once open, he squinted as he looked around the room, struggling to get his eyes in focus.
“Meridian, what happened? Where am I?”
Meridian flung herself onto Kieren squealing with relief.  Kieren sat up and looked at Meridian who was staring into his eyes with a big smile.
“Kieren, I am so glad you are okay. I have so much to tell you.”
Kieren rubbed his eyes. “What happened to Relic? Is he okay?” 
Pramlee and Meridian looked at each other and then looked back at Kieren and at the same time they said, “The question isn’t what happened, but what hasn’t happened.”

Chapter 29
Slaten was somber as he stood next to Ridge who seemed preoccupied.
“I can hear you, Ridge. I want you to know that I appreciate what you are trying to do here for everyone. You really are selfless. I just can’t stop my mind from going to my mother who I know can’t hear my thoughts, however hard I try. Everything from here to the realm seems blocked.”
“I hope Aiden is okay. Talon isn’t who I thought he would be here as the fallen. Warrick had us all convinced that the guides who he has pushed out over the years would be bad and turn like the demons. If Talon represents the rest, then Warrick has really been lying to us all. What I can’t get over is how some of us have been so blind to it all.” Ridge questioned himself.
“Hey, at least he isn’t your father. Look at me. Everyone will say I am guilty by association.”
 “No, that isn’t the way of it. We will get this figured out,” Ridge said.
It wasn’t long into their bonding moment that they felt the ground shake and the wind pick up.
“Caius and the rest couldn’t have gotten all that done by now could they?” Slaten questioned.
The wind continued to get stronger, and the ground continued to shake and increase with intensity. About fifty feet away, the view of the house became distorted.
“Someone is portaling,” Ridge pointed towards the empty space that slowly revealed a distorted landscape.
In moments, the distortion turned white, and the four guards appeared and immediately locked eyes with Slaten, Ridge and Janus. 
“Get ‘em!” yelled a guard.
Slaten and Ridge looked at one another as the guards charged ahead.
“Slaten, they won’t hurt you so do not fight with them. Let me handle this!” Ridge shouted.
He took full charge against the guards that had come to drag them back to the realm. Ridge went straight for the head guard and started swinging haymakers one after another.  The next guard came up against Ridge, but he was no match for him alone. The other two guards jumped Ridge from behind and locked him down while the other guard punched him repeatedly. Slaten couldn’t handle it and left Janus in shock, ran down and jumped on the back of the guard holding Ridge. All three fell to the ground. The other guards were yelling, “Slaten isn’t to be hurt!”
All four of them were rolling around on the ground, and it began to seem impossible to Slaten or Ridge where they were swinging and kicking. One of the guards managed to free himself from the pile and grabbed Slaten by the collar and dragged him out, but before he let go, he swung and punched Slaten in the face. All three guards were back at it on Ridge who had been pinned to the ground. Slaten was making his way back to the fight but paused because he thought he heard growling. Then he heard Janus yell, “Slaten look out!”
He looked over his shoulder, and the figure in front of him was unrecognizable. He had red glowing skin, bright cat-like yellow eyes, tall and huge. He stood there growling and breathing very hard.  The creature zoomed past Slaten like a flash, and Slaten fell backward trying to get away from the creature who was headed straight for the guards and Ridge. Slaten yelled out, “Ridge!”
The creature jumped in the group, and in seconds, all three guards were hurled across the field, and the huge creature stood there overlooking Ridge. The guards stood up and were getting their composure looking at one another in shock. One guard yelled out, “Demon!”
Warrick’s head guard then spoke out. “No. The demons know who we are. They wouldn’t touch us.”
Among the confusion, Ridge stood up and was holding himself and catching his breath.
“Talon? Is that you?” Ridge asked the creature.
“I never wanted you to see me this way or any of you. I can’t always control it.” Talon looked down in shame. “When I am near evil, it takes over. It’s what I feed off, and it makes me stronger…It’s a curse.”
 “Talon, we are your friends. You don’t ever have to feel you have to hide,” Ridge said with a ragged breath. 
Slaten and Janus both walked over to Talon who was still in this form.
“What are we going to do with those three?” Slaten asked.
“You don’t worry about them; I will take care of it. Get out of here for a few minutes. I do not want you to see this. Please,” Talon begged.
Slaten and Janus helped Ridge along and they vanished but didn’t go far. They went over to the barn where Aiden’s grandpa kept his farm equipment out of Talon’s sight. Talon made his way over to the guards who had figured out who he was.
“Talon, what are you doing? Helping the traitors?” the main guard popped off.
“The only traitors are Warrick and his followers. You go back to the realm and give him a message. You tell him that he will not touch any of my friends here. I may not be able to stop what he does in the realm, but as long as I exist and roam on this Earth, he will have no power over me, the other fallen, and my friends that he has betrayed. If I ever see you again, I will kill you. I will make you wish Warrick cast you to the hall of souls.”
Talon walked away toward the house. The guards stood in silence.
“That was your cue to get the hell out of here,” Talon said as he walked away.
“We can’t go back to Warrick like this. He told us that we have to stop Meridian and Talon from going to the demon realm,” the guard who headed up the detail remarked.
“Warrick wants the stone and the book. If we get those things, the fairies will not help them. We don’t know where the stone is and we don’t know where the book is or even where Meridian is. We can’t go back without Meridian and the book.”
The guards went into the bar to find the demons they had encountered before to find more information on Talon.
Talon made his way into the barn next to Aiden’s house, and by the time he made it in, with the evil presence gone, he was back to his old self.
“Are you all right?” Talon asked.
Ridge nodded, and Slaten was amazed at the change.
“Wow, man...remind me never to tick you off!” Slaten commented.
Talon grinned. “Don’t worry; you aren’t evil enough.”
Ridge didn’t want to comment and make Talon feel worse for what he was, so he changed the subject. “How is Aiden? Is he in the jail?”
Talon snickered. “Yeah and I never thought I would find myself saying this, but I am glad he is. He will be safe in there. Not for long though; grandmother took off after he made his one call.”
“The rest should be coming through with Kieren, I hope. Then you and Meridian have to get to your realm to collect the book. Right?” Slaten asked.
“Yes, but I have to talk to Meridian about the dangers. It isn’t like portaling from the guide realm to the fairy realm. It is way more complicated and dangerous than that,” Talon remarked.
“How so? I mean demon realm is pretty self-explanatory, but what exactly do you mean?”
The conversation was interrupted again. The ground began to shake, and the winds picked up. The area around them became distorted. And the noise levels rose dramatically.
“Oh no, here we go again! What’s next?”
Slaten grabbed Janus. They jumped to their feet and ran away from the lights that glowed purple and green.
“Calm down, Slaten…. I think it is Luna and the bunch!” Ridge shouted.
“Yeah, Slaten, I am not turning into the scary version of myself,” Talon remarked.
Ridge looked up at Talon amused. “Did you just make a joke?”
As Ridge predicted, it was Luna and the group. First was Pramlee giggling to herself as she stepped out. Relic and Cora, who had been talking to one another, were next out after Pramlee, and Caius followed the pair. There was then a pause before out came Luna, Kieren and Meridian.
“You all made it!”
Ridge went straight to Caius.
“Kieren, is he okay?” Janus asked.
“Of course, he is; Meridian woke him.”
Cora sneered. 
Relic walked over to Kieren, put his arm around him, and then addressed the others. “Everything is cool. We made up. No one has had any time to tell him anything really except we had to get the heck out of the fairy realm. Selena isn’t too happy about us not having the book,” Relic explained.
“Caius, any word on my mother?” Slaten asked.
“No, I am sorry. I was in no position to get any more information from the fairies,” Caius grimly explained.
Slaten sat and slumped himself over as Janus sat with him to comfort him.
“So, this is the infamous Kieren? Meridian, you must feel pretty good to have worked the spell,” Talon said.
Kieren looked a little frightened of the fallen that he had not seen before. Talon moved closer to Kieren and Meridian who were standing very close to each other, but Kieren was stepping backward.
“It’s okay. He is our friend,” Meridian whispered.
“Don’t worry, Kieren. He looks good compared to what he can look like,” Slaten remarked.
Everyone looked puzzled at the comment and looked at Ridge.
“What happened?” Caius asked.
“Nothing. It’s fine. We had a small altercation with Warrick’s guards. They jumped us before you all got here. They were looking to see if Meridian was here. They want the book,” Ridge stated.
“Did they tell you that?” Caius asked.
“No. I heard their thoughts.” 
“Yeah, well after Talon showed up, they changed their minds,” Slaten added.
Relic was smirking at the exchange.
“So, Talon, what happened? Did you turn or what?” 
“I wouldn’t call it turning,” Talon answered.
“Then what was it. Can you show us?” Relic pushed.
“Sure. Just get me around some evil, and you will see.”
“Relic, would you shut up; seriously, I don’t ever want to see that again.” Slaten said with no humor in his voice.

Meridian interrupted Relic. “I don’t know, Relic. Maybe you should just take his word for it.”
The playful exchange was broken up by Caius.
“Okay, Meridian and Talon have to get the book from the demon realm. Who else wants to go?”
“I would love to go with you, but I don’t think they will let the fairies into the demon realm. Besides, I need to stay here to protect the portal in and out,” Luna explained.
“None of you know what the demon realm is like. I need to explain to you all what to expect, and you can decide if you still want to risk it,” Talon explained.
“Go on,” stated Caius.

Chapter 30
“I cannot go to the guide on my own or the fairy realm, and neither of you can enter my realm for the most part. Now it is true that you all just can’t portal there, but you can if a demon or someone like me, a fallen, takes you. I could very well take all of you with me, but I want you to understand when you go that you will not be yourselves. You will become the worst part of yourselves, and you will feed off it just like my kind feeds off the negative emotions, thoughts, and wills of the humans. Once in, you may look the same or you may not. You may take the form of what you hate the most. You could act like what you hate the most in someone else or yourself, depending on how your mind will play out there. In addition to that, you will be subject to the victimization of the demons who stay down there. They have been chosen to stay and ensure the punishment of the fallen before being released or to punish the demons however they see fit and anything goes.  I do not know why Selena has chosen Meridian to be the one to get the book. She may believe that there is something to those gifts that will offer protection,” Talon explained.
“We have to portal from Earth to get there and we can’t portal from anywhere else. It may be painful when we go in. What I am most afraid of is that we all will be in our own state of mind and in our own state of perception, which more than likely will not be the same as anyone else’s. Also, the state that any of us go to may not be the reality of what is going on in our surroundings. I have to hope that Meridian can get in there and know where the demon is that has the book Selena wants. The only advice I can offer is when you are there you need to remember that whatever seems good or okay more than likely is not.  Whatever you do, no matter how it may feel, you have to thrive on your own will to decipher what is real and what is imagined. The goal of the demons is to keep you there lost and suffering. So, think long and hard before deciding to join us,” Talon pleaded with the group.
Everyone was quiet and looking at one another. Talon walked away from the group and began making big circles with his right arm over and over. As he waved his arm around, the image of a flaming floating circle slowly emerged. It was a large circle, and everyone could feel the heat from the massive heat wave that plunged its way through.
  The heat was hard to take, and as if that wasn’t enough, the noise it brought with it sounded like a tornado. Talon turned and faced everyone and shouted: “It’s okay. It only looks scary! Meridian....Caius, it’s time to go now. The portal is wide open. Luna, please use your magic to hold the portal open. I do not know how long we will be!” Talon shouted.
Pramlee held Meridian’s hand, and without words, Meridian knew she wouldn’t be able to talk her best friend into staying behind. Out of habit, love or both, Relic couldn’t let Meridian and Caius go alone. He walked up to the three as they turned and looked at him.
“Hey, I’m going! You may need my charms,” Relic nervously said.
No one had to ask Kieren where he would be.  Talon looked to Slaten, Cora, Janus and Ridge.
“Are you all going to stay?”
They all looked to Ridge.
“Yes, we need to stay here and protect Luna while she guards the portal. Please hurry,” Ridge pleaded.
As each one walked through their bodies appeared as if they were on fire before they vanished.
After they portaled through, the winds died down, and the heat subsided. The image of the circle was still there, but the fire wasn’t as strong, and all that could be seen was a distorted view of the pasture they stood in not far away from Aiden’s house. 
On the other side of the portal where Ridge stayed behind, he said, “Hey, Warrick’s guys will be here looking for us soon. We have to be strong for Luna, and we can’t let anything happen to her while she protects the portal.”
They all looked at Luna as she was deep in a meditative state in front of the portal.
“Can she still keep us invisible?” Janus asked. Without much hesitation, Slaten said, “I doubt it.”
Meanwhile on the heated side of the portal heading straight into the dark realm, Meridian and Kieren gripped each other’s hands tightly as they walked behind Talon and Caius. Relic and Pramlee trailed behind everyone keeping watch.
“Now, remember, you won’t be yourselves, and everyone will have their own perception here. Listen to your heart and remember who you are no matter what happens. One thing you never forget here is we are all friends. The demons will try to turn us against each other once they find our weaknesses. Do not make eye contact,” Talon lectured.
Caius turned and looked back at Meridian who was terrified.
“Meridian, I love you, and I know you can do this. Remember, you are special, and you have gifts. Do not be afraid to use them,” Caius reassured his daughter.
As they walked into the demon realm, it didn’t take long to hear whispering, screaming and the sounds of the demons laughing and hissing as they made their way in. The ground was like a desert, and the wind blew hard with dust and grit in the air making it nearly impossible to see. There was some dim light but not enough to be able to discern what anything was. As they took steps across the hard ground, the crunching of the dirt could be heard under their feet. The atmosphere was crimson red, and the smell was vile. Some of the demons that could be seen at this point were like black shadows that moved quickly around the group as they pushed their way through. The laughter grew louder and more frequent the more they moved forward through the dirt storm that surrounded them. Meridian pulled her arm down away from her face to see where Talon was, and she couldn’t see him despite he traveled right in front of her.  Panicked, Meridian pulled on Kieren to take his arm away from his eyes.
“Where is Talon?” Meridian shouted.
The hisses of the demons were all around them.
“He is right in front of you, Meridian!”
Kieren was getting concerned that she couldn’t see what was right in front of her. Caius turned and looked back and all he could see where Meridian and Kieren were stood, were two black demons with yellow eyes hissing back at him. Caius knew that it was mind tricks, but it seemed real. The demons reached for him and grabbed his face, hissing,
“Let me look into your soul.”
Caius fell to the ground to get away from the two demons. Relic and Pramlee ran over to Caius to help him to his feet and when he looked to Relic all he saw was a demon with a snake-like appearance with two heads hissing more.
“Stand on your feet and stay with us,” the snake whispered.
Caius pushed the snake away. Relic and Pramlee jumped back.
“What have you done with Caius?”
Relic threw himself to the ground and began to shake what he thought was a demon who had the body of a scorpion. Pramlee was crying and hollering for Caius. Talon quickly saw what was happening and he yelled,
“Stop! This is what they want - everyone turned against each other!”
Talon was shaking everyone trying to get their attention. Everyone snapped out of it and realized it was an illusion. They passed what looked like a cave, and a sinister voice spoke from the darkness,
“Talon, what have you brought us? Gifts from Etheria? Have you come back home?”
The dark voice went quiet.
“Show yourself!” Talon screamed.
Laughter shook the realm as the dark one took amusement from Talon’s fear.
“You dare shout at me!” the dark one scolded Talon, and he dropped to his knees holding himself and shouting in pain. Meridian ran over to Talon to help him. Caius grabbed his daughter.
“No, Meridian!”
Kieren was on her heels  to stop her. Then Kieren dropped to his knees in pain holding himself.
“You guides think you can come to my realm? You will pay for your trespass with your existence!”
The dark one was angry. 
Talon got to his feet. “Please stop. I brought them here. The fairies have sent them on a nearly impossible journey for the fairy spell book that was taken by a demon,” Talon explained.
“Silence! I know why you are here and spare me your explanations. You cannot expect to come here, and everyone make it back out without a debt to be paid.”
Relic, though afraid, still had a knack for wit even when he was in hell, so to speak. “Wow, we already owe the fairies. Now, how in the hell are we supposed to pay demons back.”
Relic was laughing at himself. Talon turned to Relic.
“You shouldn’t have said that idiot!”
The dark one spoke again, but this time he wasn’t causing anyone any pain.
“So, you have a joker in the group, do you? So, Talon, is he your gift to the demons? A jester? Someone, to entertain us?”
“That works for us. I accept your offer.”
Relic began to float forward in the air in slow motion. His eyes that were once full of soul and joy turned black, and his face was blank. He was stuck floating perpetually in a trance-like state.
“Now your friend will stay. You go and find your book and take it if you dare, and meanwhile I will keep your joker here with me.”
The dark voice faded out with his deep and daunting laugh, and Meridian began to cry.
“What do we do now?”
“I will find a way to get the book, Meridian. I can’t speak for what will happen to Relic. Remember, not everything is what it seems, and the dark one likes to play games, but he plays for keeps. If Relic has a strong will, he may be able to overcome whatever the demons do to him, but there is nothing we can do for him right now. You have to look to yourself and open your thoughts. You could hear my thoughts on Earth, right? Can you hear them now?”
Talon went into fix-it mode.
“Yes! Yes! I can hear you! You told me we would get the book!” Meridian’s tears quickly turned into laughter and smiles.
“See...it will be okay. If you can hear my thoughts that may be your lead to finding the demon who took the book,” Talon reassured Meridian.
Managing their way through without Relic made things a little darker. Relic had disappeared from above, and they all pressed on. They continued their journey and it looked as though it would lead them to a change of scenery as the dust and winds started to die down. Eventually, the dim light seemed to brighten, and it seemed like a building was ahead standing on its own on a vacant street. The building looked abandoned and run down. There wasn’t a soul in sight, and the hissing had died down. None of them could hear anything, just the sound of their breathing, but silence fell everywhere else. The group was moving nearly past the dreary building pushing for the clearer sky when a voice shouted from the building, “Kieren! Hey, man, it’s great to see you again. We haven’t played together in a long time! Come in. Let’s jam out like old times!”
Kieren looked around at the other guides to gauge their reaction. None of them seemed to have heard or noticed the voice. This voice was so familiar to Kieren; he just couldn’t place it. Kieren motioned to the group.
“Hey, let’s stop in here. I heard an old friend of mine talking to me, and maybe he can help.”
Kieren still had doubt in his voice. Meridian and Caius looked at each other with pause. Pramlee and Talon, who were closer to Kieren, put their hands up.
“What are you talking about Kieren?” Pramlee sarcastically asked.
Talon shook his head and looked at Meridian for some information.” What building? What is he talking about? This is an illusion by the demon realm.”
 Kieren began to walk away into the building only he could see. Everyone stood helplessly as he walked away and didn’t respond to their voices calling him back. Talon ran over to Meridian.
“Now would be a good time for you to try your luck at your gifts!”
Meridian followed Kieren who was not responding to her voice or pleading to stop. All Meridian could see was Kieren standing and staring off in a trance. To Kieren, he was in a building having a conversation with his old bandmate who died with him in the crash before he came to the realm.
“Kieren, man, it has been too long. Have you been practicing? Here, take the guitar. I will get on the drum,” Shane stated.
“Shane! What happened? We were driving and then a flash of light, and I can still hear the crunching of the metal from the car. I can’t remember anything after that.”
Kieren stumbled on his words.
“What do you mean, man? This life has been so great! I mean, the initiation I had to go through was so painful. But after that, I play all day, and I have made new friends. I have been waiting for you for a while now. What took you so long?” Shane asked.
Meridian had walked right up to Kieren when this conversation was taking place. She looked at Kieren and then looked outward to where he was staring and saw nothing. She took a few moments trying to think of a way to bring him around. She remembered how she projected her thoughts to Kieren in the fairy realm when they kissed. She closed her eyes and put her hands on his shoulders and began her thought projection.
“Kieren, please listen to me. I don’t know where you are or what you are doing, but it isn’t real. It is Meridian; please come back. I need you with me. Here with the rest of us.”
Kieren could still see his old band friend playing drums but his voice was becoming more and more distant, and like a loud echo in his head, he could hear Meridian’s words. He began to look around trying to find Meridian, but he couldn’t see her. Meridian kept repeating herself to him. Meridian’s hands were still on his shoulders. Out of nowhere, a demon flew over Meridian and knocked her to the ground leaving Kieren still standing in his trance. The demon was black as a shadow. The demon quickly ascended back up after he knocked her down. 
Meridian yelled: “Kieren come back!”
Kieren snapped out of his trance in time to see Meridian on the ground and Talon flying over their heads fighting the shadow demon above. Caius and Pramlee ran over to the pair to make sure they were okay. Talon and the shadow demon continued flying above, fighting. The shadow demon quickly relinquished, and Talon came back down.
“What happened?” Kieren asked.
“You were in a demon trance. You were seeing and talking to someone that wasn’t there,” Talon explained.
“Yeah, but it was my old bandmate, and he said he had been waiting on me,” Kieren explained.
“No! It was a trick. I promise. It wasn’t real.”
Talon shouted. 
Pramlee became more and more nervous, and she clung to Caius.
“Relic is gone, we are all seeing things, and now this happens. Who or what is next?” Pramlee’s speech was rushed as she continued to cling to Caius. 
“Meridian, I know a lot has happened. We can’t be sure how long we have been here. Could Kieren hear you or hear your thoughts?” Caius asked.
“Yes, he could. Right, Kieren?” 
“Yes, I could hear you, but I couldn’t see you. It was weird,” Kieren answered quickly.
“Okay then, Meridian, your gifts work here. None of us can hear each other’s thoughts. Can you pick up on anything else here? Close your eyes; I want you to think about the book and focus all your energy on finding it,” Talon pressured.
“I can try, but I don’t know what I am looking for exactly.”  Meridian said. 
“If we don’t hurry and find this, I am afraid of what else is going to happen to all of us. That was close.” Caius said. 
Luna struggled to keep the portal protected and open while they were gone. Though to the naked eye, she was quietly meditating on the Earth side with her eyes still closed. Ridge and Slaten stood watching to make sure nothing or no one from any of the other realms.
“Ridge, we aren’t invisible, and I am concerned Warrick’s clan will be here soon looking for Meridian, the stone and the book. If they find us, it’s over. My father will drag us all back, and all will be lost,” Slaten sadly commented.
Ridge didn’t look at Slaten when he spoke and kept his eyes on the horizon. He watched the old farm road driveway that led up to the house. “Slaten, I know you are upset and scared - we all are - but you need to have some faith in yourself and the rest of us. Look up ahead there at the end of the driveway.”
Ridge pointed to the loud old black truck making its way down the driveway.
“Aiden?” Slaten questioned.
Ridge nodded.
“We have someone else to look after now. Talon is risking a lot for us, and I promised I would watch over him. Looks like his grandparents got him out of jail.”  Ridge snickered. 
The truck made its way down the drive and stopped. Aiden and Chris stepped out of the truck, and not far behind, the old farm truck driven by the grandparents parked and got out. The guides quietly watched from afar as they made their way into the house.
The winds picked up as the dawn was on the eastern horizon, and the ground began to shake. Everyone looked to Luna who had kept the demon portal open.
“Hey, what’s to say that demons won’t portal through this to us?” Janus asked.
“So, what if they do? They can come here through their portal,” Cora smarted off.
Ridge and Slaten had a hunch who was on their way. They both looked at one another and said, “Warrick’s coup!”
They looked toward the end of the driveway, and there was a white light, and the four were coming. They came through and immediately made their way over to Ridge and Slaten.
“Slaten, please tell me your father allowed you to train like some of us did?” Ridge questioned as the guards approached.
As Slaten watched one of the guards pull his weapon off his belt, he yelled out, “Yes. That is the only good thing I learned when I was there!”
Ridge and Slaten were soon in a full-on fight with the four guards. 
“What do we do?” Janus yelled out.
Cora said nothing. Instead, she jumped on the back of one of the guards who had Slaten pinned down. She was quickly thrown off his back onto the ground. Janus followed suit, walked up to the guard, punched him in the mouth and gave Slaten time to bind his hands with the cuffs the guard had carried for all of them.  After a lot of hitting and fighting - in amazement to themselves - all four guides had lost and were cuffed and on the ground. While they were busy tying their feet, Luna who had not moved or even noticed what was going on was busy guarding the portal.
Meridian was doing a little of her own meditating in the demon realm in search of the book for the fairies as everyone stood silently around her. In her mind, she could hear the hisses and growls of the demons and the horrible thoughts that surrounded them but were still invisible. The thoughts were coming to her very lightly at a distance, just like the demons were at a distance from her and the rest of the group. As the minutes passed, Meridian slipped deeper and deeper into her mediation with only the sound of her breathing to keep her company.
 As she progressed into her state deeper still, her mind traveled through all the memories she had from Etheria with her parents. Her mind quickly jumped as she could see herself laughing and learning from Relic followed by quick flashes of Kieren and the way he made her feel zoomed through her thoughts.
She could see herself in her mind as though she was on a road traveling at the speed of light, her memories flashing before her as though she had become a spectator of her existence. The zooming thoughts came to a halt, and she felt herself suspended in slow motion; all she could see was Aiden through Talon’s eyes and his memories of his son. She saw Talon as a guide in Etheria with Farrah and then onto Aiden’s mother at the hospital. 
Meridian saw the brutality of what Talon endured when Warrick cast him out of the realm to let the demons punish him relentlessly. As these images came to her, they slowed down.  She only heard the sound of her breathing as she went into the furthest reaches of her mind.
A flash of Aiden screaming and reaching for Meridian flashed through her mind; he was in pain. She saw Kieren, and then in an instant it was dark and the demon hisses could be heard once more.
 A dark and sinister voice spoke to her, and it sounded just like the voice that spoke to Talon.
“Meridian...so you have come to us on a quest from the fairy. A quest that may leave you stuck here with us for eternity - and how we would enjoy your company. I know what you seek, and you may very well have it, but you must be worthy. 
Answer the riddle and, fair one, you may pass and have what you seek. You must know what is invisible is real and you must believe in yourself. If you do not, you and your friends will be mine forever.
“My name is Latin, known as the house of the spirit in the ancient East. I am imaginary and perpendicular to your circle. I rule fire and heat. I can run halfway across a world or just across your heart. I am the point of a horizon and encompass time. I have been with you since the start.”
Meridian felt herself being pulled back into being awake and being back in the demon realm with the rest of the guides and Talon. She opened her eyes.
“Riddles? I am really confused now. I didn’t know demons liked riddles,” Meridian belted out.
Talon moved quickly to her side.
“What do you mean? What happened?”
Pramlee was right there with Meridian, along with Caius and Kieren the entire time she went into her meditation.
“Talon, it was the same dark voice we heard here before, and he told me if I want the book, and to go home, I have to answer his riddle.”
Meridian looked to everyone for support as she began to recite the words that the dark one said to her. As she repeated the lines of the riddle, everyone seemed to be confused. Talon and Caius looked to one another as their minds went to work to answer the riddle. Pramlee was confounded, and Kieren seemed to have an understanding of what the demon was saying. Kieren mumbled part of the riddle.
“Been with you since the start, name is Latin...rules fire and heat. Is it an astrological sign of one of the guides from their former life?” he asked.
Pramlee shook her head.
“No, that would be too easy.”
“Well, that is the point of a riddle, isn’t it? Usually, the answer seems so simple,” Caius remarked.
Talon was mumbling to himself: “Latin...a line. A line that runs across the world.”
Caius was catching on. “The equator? How is that across the heart? Or been with her since the start of all this?” Caius asked.
Talon perked up. “I don’t know why I didn’t think of this before. In Asian acupuncture, the line that runs across the heart does rule fire and heat.... I know what it is, and it is Latin.”
Talon sighed as he looked at Meridian as she quietly watched all this unfold.
“Meridian, who has been with you since the start the whole time this has been going on? Who has been the one who had to come here to get the book and no one else could?” Talon asked.
“How could we all not have seen this? It is so obvious who it is,” Kieren remarked and took Meridian by the hand.
Meridian looked around at everyone with confusion. Pramlee even perked up, and she was starting to work it out and then she yelled it out. “Meridian Line!”
Meridian looked at Pramlee with shock.
“The answer to the riddle is me? Why would a demon make a riddle about me?” Meridian questioned.
“Who cares! Just give him the answer so we can get out of here,” Kieren pressed.
Caius nodded to her to go on and answer the riddle. Meridian looked around and looked upward.
“I have your answer to the riddle.... The answer is Meridian.”
Silence fell among the group. Everyone looked around at one another for some indication that this was the answer. The ground began to shake, and the dust from the hardened ground under their feet cracked. Meridian fell to the ground. Pramlee yelled out.
“What is happening?”
A dark figure emerged from the split in the ground where they all stood. Everyone ran back from the split. Meridian and Kieren had been separated from everyone else on the other side of the split. The dark figure was a shadow but in a human shape. It hovered around over Meridian and spoke out, “You have answered the riddle, but you didn’t look to yourself for the answer.... Your friends answered it for you. You do not believe in yourself!”
The wind picked up, and the ground continued to rumble. Caius hollered out as he pointed in the direction from which they came. The portal was beginning to close, but not far away, Relic was suspended and floating in a sleep state. Everyone was confused and looking around not knowing what to do. Talon yelled out: “The book!”
The fairy book floated up from the split in the ground floating and nearly impossible to reach without running and jumping to get it. One small detail, but surely not the least, was the book appeared to be on fire and burning.
“Dad, what is happening?” Meridian hollered to Caius as he motioned for Meridian and Kieren to jump and start to run for the portal.
Kieren turned and grabbed Meridian by the arms, so they were facing one another.
“Meridian, you answered the riddle with our help. They aren’t going to let us out of here that easily. We have to jump to the other side. You have to get the book. Did you think that with all of our help that even if we got the answer, they would let us take the book and get Relic that easily?”
 She looked at the book floating above the split in the ground. She looked at Talon, her father and Pramlee who signaled to them to jump. They began their dash toward Relic. Kieren took Meridian by the hand, and they made their running start toward the split in the ground and jumped holding hands, Meridian lifted her arm and opened her hand to retrieve the fairy book as it was engulfed in flames.
 The flames from the split grew taller, and the dark shadow laughed. Caius, Talon and Pramlee had made it to Relic and had grabbed him and were running with him in his slumbered state toward the portal that was closing. From the other side, Luna was out of her meditative state in a fight to keep the portal open.
Kieren and Meridian were suspended in the air as if they were moving in slow motion. The flames continued to rise making the pair look almost invisible and hidden in the brightly burning flames. The roaring heat blew Meridian’s hair in her face as she drew closer to the book.
 As the dark one roared out his evil laugh, Kieren and Meridian’s hands broke apart, and Kieren was falling into the flaming hot split. Meridian’s hand reached out to the sought-after fairy book as she soared high as Kieren continued to fall into the bottomless heat pit. As he fell further in, he could hear the screams coming from Meridian. He put his arms out and was able to catch himself on the side of the split with the edge of his fingers as he slowed himself down. The heat was overwhelming even to a guide.
“I am okay, Meridian!”
His words echoed from below. Hearing Kieren’s words gave her the inspiration she needed for the last push to embrace the book engulfed in flames. With her faith in herself, Meridian’s hands softly closed around the book. The heat and the flames subsided around the book and in the pit that Kieren was pulling himself out of. Meridian finished her jump across to her father and the other guides. She fell to the ground with the book still in her grip. She quickly ran to the edge looking for Kieren and hollered out his name, “Kieren!”
A long pause followed. The only sound she could hear was Kieren’s hands and feet climbing. Then, he appeared through the smoke.
“Are you just going to stand there or are you going to help me up?”
Kieren had to let Meridian know he was okay and his sarcasm was a sure way. Meridian smiled and lent her hand to help him up.
“Hurry, the portal is closing, and the ground is starting to shake again.”
The pair made a run for it.
“This would be easier if we were on Earth and traveled with sound!” Kieren yelled out.
The dark one’s voice could be heard all around with his deep and sinister laugh.
Pramlee and Talon went through the portal first to help Caius put Relic through. Caius turned to see Meridian and Kieren dashing through as the portal continued to draw to a close.
“Hurry! You won’t make it!” Caius cried out.
Meridian was coming in first and jumped through the hole that was small enough that Caius and Kieren would have to dive through.
Meridian made it back to Earth to find Luna struggling to hold the portal open against the dark one. The winds were high even on Earth. She looked up and saw the four guards cuffed and Relic still in a slumbered state as he lay next to Talon and Pramlee as they held his head in their laps.
“Kieren and my father are still back there, and the portal is closing!” Meridian shouted.
Slaten and Ridge left the bound guards lying on the ground and ran toward Meridian. Everyone looked to the portal as Luna struggled.
“I don’t know how much longer I can hang on!” she shouted.
Caius and Kieren came flying through the narrowed hole seconds before the portal closed. The flying duo crashed into Relic who was still laying in a slumber. Pramlee and Talon were knocked over with the force of the two coming. The ground shook, and the portal closed, giving off what looked like a collapsing star in the universe going out with a bang. Relic opened his eyes and sat up holding his head.
“What happened? You know, guys, if this is what people mean when they say go to hell, I can see why someone would say it to someone they were angry with. Do you think you guys could have let me handle the evil joker in there? For real, seriously the guy could use a little humor down there, then maybe he wouldn’t be so grouchy. By the way, did Meridian get the book?”
It was as though Relic had some human form of attention deficit disorder. At this point, everyone had risen to their feet except Luna, who was exhausted. Everyone stood around Relic with their arms crossed as he looked up at them in confusion waiting for an answer, and at the same time yelled: “Shut up, Relic!”
***
Meanwhile, Aiden and Chris were down at the house explaining to Aiden’s grandparents what had happened to them at the party.
“I don’t care, Aiden! Going to jail? What have I told you about going to those parties? Nothing but trouble.”
Grandpa pointed to the two boys as they sat and listened to what they knew was coming.
“And you. I won’t even tell your parents about this.”
Grandpa pointed to Chris as he spoke. The two boys got off without too much more of a lecture when the family could hear the noise of the portal snapping shut at the house. Grandpa quickly walked toward the front door going for his rifle, followed by Aiden and Chris.
“What was that, Grandpa?” 
“I don’t know, Son,” Grandpa answered with serious doubt.
The farm looked normal and quiet, like nothing had happened. They peered out and looked toward the field where Talon and the guides stood invisible to the human eye. Grandpa and Chris turned around to walk back into the house unsure what they heard but sure that nothing was visibly, noticeably out of the ordinary. They left Aiden standing outside by himself who wasn’t quite sold that there wasn’t anything going on out in the field.

Chapter 31
The guides collected themselves quickly. Aiden was still standing outside and had begun to walk up the dirt drive toward that field where all the guides stood watching him.
“Can the humans know when a portal opens or closes?” Janus asked Slaten.
Meridian and Kieren had walked over to Relic and Caius who stood watching Talon’s reaction to his son coming close.
“I need to get out of here. I can’t be this close to Aiden, for his sake!” Talon cried out.
“Talon, it is okay. You are not as bad as you think you are. I do not know why Aiden would have any hunch that we are here though,” Ridge answered Janus as the others watched quietly.
Aiden had now made his way to where the guides stood and walked over to where the portal had been and kneeled on the ground looking around.
 Meridian stood right behind Aiden as he brushed his fingers across the grass and the dirt. He stood up and turned around  to take a step and stopped as if he were frozen.  
Kieren, who had watched Meridian, spoke out, “Meridian, get away from him. I think he can sense you there. It would only make sense if he is the son of a guide. How can we know what gifts he has?”
Everyone was still and quiet, so Luna put in her two cents, “Well, there is only one way to test the matter. Someone needs to see if he can sense more of you.”
“Only one way to test the theory,” Ridge claimed.
Everyone looked at Meridian, and she looked to Aiden who was starting to take a step again. Meridian placed her hand on his chest and closed her eyes and in her mind, she sent a message that she hoped he could hear, “I have known you since the day you were born, and I am still here for—”
Meridian’s thoughts were interrupted by a screaming girl yelling out of her car window to Aiden.
“Hey! You are out! Get in and let’s go to the house. Why are you out here anyway?” Amy asked.
Aiden stood with a look of confusion on his face looking around as though he had heard something, but it was in his head. He looked up at his girlfriend who was waving at him to get in the car. Hesitantly he started to walk toward Amy but he continued to look over his shoulder.  
“Meridian, he heard you!” Pramlee shouted as she ran to her friend.
Everyone stood around looking at Meridian with surprise.
“Your gifts are growing, Meridian,” Slaten commented.
Kieren looked jealous and upset at Meridian’s contact with the human. Relic watched Kieren’s disdain with pleasure as he walked over to Kieren and slapped him on the back as he belted out a laugh.
“How about that, Kieren. Your girl certainly is finding herself, isn’t she?”
Kieren threw his hand up to knock Relic’s hand off him. “Leave me alone, Relic.”
“Now that we have the stone and the book, we need to get back to the fairy realm. We don’t have time to waste. We can talk about it later.
The winds picked up and the ground began to shake, and light appeared. Everyone followed suit and were more than eager to get back to settle the score with Selena.
“Uh…Father, aren’t you forgetting something?” Meridian questioned Caius as she pointed to Warrick’s coup that sat tied up. Caius sighed and looked at Talon, and then Ridge.
“Where will you go?” Ridge asked.
“Don’t worry. When you need me, you know where to find me.”
Talon gazed at Aiden’s house as he watched his son walk with his girlfriend back into his farmhouse.
Aiden and Amy made their way back to his house where his grandparents and his best friend were all sitting at the table talking about the trouble they had at the party before they were arrested. Amy, who was bubbly and always happy to see Aiden’s family, sat right down at the table with a big smile hoping her charms would help ease her anticipated thoughts on what Aiden’s grandparents would say.
“Amy, so glad you could come over here; I am just so sorry that you had to see all that fussing.”
Aiden’s grandmother doted on Amy with a smile.
“It’s okay, really; those guys are always looking for trouble.… So, Aiden, did you and Chris ever find out what happened to those guys and how they ended up in the trees?” Amy’s demeanor shifted to a more concerned tone as she stared at Chris.
“No, it was like a ghost ninja showed up and took care of it. Chris and I have tried to figure it out after we were arrested.” Aiden was not sure of anything at this point.
“Seems a lot of strange things keep happening lately,” Aiden spoke further seemingly distracted away from the events of the party.
I am sure the guys will be back for round two, especially now.”
Aiden didn’t want to say much else about his concerns.
A couple of hours passed, and it was getting late. Chris had planned on spending the night at Aiden’s, and Amy had to get back home before her curfew was up. The best friend duo made it upstairs, and Chris took advantage of a hot shower while Aiden sat on his bed going through some things in an old shoebox that he kept under his bed. Chris walked out of the shower into the bedroom drying his wet hair and noticed Aiden was rummaging through a box.
“What’s that, man?” he asked.
“Well, not a lot really. My grandmother gave me these pictures of my mom a few years ago to keep so I could have something to know her by. Just pictures of her as a girl and some of her while she was pregnant with me.”
Aiden stared at the photo of his expectant mother as he spoke. Chris walked over and reached out to take the picture from Aiden to look at it.
“What about your father? Did they manage to keep any of those?” Chris asked.
“No. I never knew my father, and I don’t think my grandparents ever knew him that well either. My mother told them that he was a guy she met when she took a trip with some friends, and she was unable to find him after she found out about me.”
Aiden’s tone was quiet and sad.
“Maybe someday you and I can try to find your father?”
Chris was always there for the support of his best friend, so Aiden nodded his head in agreement.
“Sometimes, I feel like I am losing my mind. I hear and sense things, but when I look to see what it is, I can’t find anything. I have never told anyone about it, but I always have sensed something around. Like today, out in the field, I thought I heard something.”
Aiden quieted himself and looked at Chris for a reaction.
“Like what?” Chris was interested.
“I heard a voice, a woman’s voice, and it sounded like she said she’s been with me since I was born. I think it’s my mother trying to talk to me from beyond the grave,” Aiden said with a look of shock on his face as though he was surprised that he even believed it.
 Aiden looked up at his best friend to see what his reactions were. 
“You are not losing your mind, man. We all have secrets we keep, and I don’t judge. I don’t believe in all of that...but I also know that there is so much more to life than we all know.”
Chris sat beside Aiden before continuing.
“Who knows it very well. Maybe it is your mother and I hope you can find out for sure.”
Chris’s words were a comfort to Aiden. They had been best friends all throughout school, and he was the one person outside his family he could trust.

***
Luna and the guides had already portaled back to the fairy realm, and Caius was eager to see his wife and Meridian couldn’t wait to give her mother a long overdue embrace.  They all entered Selena’s quarters to find Selena already sitting in her chair anticipating the encounter. Everyone strolled in relaxed and unassuming but hopeful of an ease of exchanges. 
“Luna, I see that you have made it back with everyone intact and with my requirements,” Selena spoke directly.
“Yes, Mother, we have, and it wasn’t easy. We had to overcome many obstacles but was managed to get the book.” 
“Yes, I know all of this. Warrick wants complete control over Etheria, the humans and all of the fairy realm. Not to mention he is in cahoots with the demons. With the stone and the book safely back here in a neutral realm, the fairies are protected.”
“Okay, Mother, now where is Arianna and are you going to help the guides in taking back their realm?” Luna questioned with doubt in her voice.
“Now that I have what I want, of course, Arianna can go back. However, there is no need for our assistance to Etheria. We will not interfere in the problems of the realm. We have offered enough assistance until now and the debt that the guides have incurred I will forgive, and it will be forgiven by no longer being involved.”
Selena’s words struck hard into Caius.
“Selena, you promised that you would help us if we did your biding and we have!” Caius shouted.
“Watch yourself! You are in no position to make demands here!” Selena hissed with anger.
Arianna walked out during the heated exchange and hugged Meridian tightly while Caius continued to stare into the eyes of the cold-hearted fairy.

Chapter 32
Charity and Brennan left Farrah and Chance in her quarters where they were safe.  As they drew closer to  Warrick’s quarters, they bumped into the one himself.   
 “Charity? What are you doing here? Are you ready to square away the details of the trial for Caius?” Warrick passively asked.
“Yes. However, I have other business with you to discuss and it is relevant to Caius. Are you aware of what your children have shared with Farrah, and that she and Chance believe that you are conspiring with the demons among other interesting notions?”
“Caius and his groupies never cease to amaze me. He has always been jealous of my position here in the realm, and he would do anything to see me cast out. He has brainwashed my children and turned them against me, and now their mother seeks to side with all of them. Don’t you see through what he is doing? He knows he will stand trial for breaking the law with his human. Where is he? Nowhere to be found. Hiding away.” Warrick sneered. 
Charity’s steely eyes remained steady on Warrick.
“I understand these things have happened, but as guides, in our position, it is our code to give everyone a fair trial, and we have to consider all claims and give a thorough investigation to produce a fair trial with expedited punishment if necessary. Caius will stand trial for what he did. However, once I find Caius, I will do a thorough investigation, and if we find cause for what is being claimed, you will stand trial as well.”
Charity was brave and gave no mind that Warrick was her superior. She did not give Warrick anytime to respond as she and Brennan walked out and slammed the door.
“I knew we wouldn’t get much out of him. All we can do at this point is wait.”
Charity stopped when she saw Caius standing in front of her. 
“Caius! Where have you been? Warrick has been waiting for your return for the trial!” Charity proclaimed.
“I know all this, and I am here to turn myself in for the trial. I know what Warrick has been saying,” Caius confirmed.
“Well, I am going to conduct an investigation, and if it is warranted, I will be setting a trial for the both of you. Some wild accusations are going around on both sides, and for the sake of all guides and Etheria, I have to get to the bottom of everything. I have already interviewed Farrah and Chance. I will have to bring them back to the prison for holding. You all will have to go as well - at least until the questioning is over. Something I plan to have done very soon. Once I am through with you, all will be released to your dwellings until the trial, but you will be bound to this realm and will be taken off your guide duties until the trial is over.”
Charity’s words were clear, and no one objected. The group entered her chambers where Farrah and Chance were waiting. The pair were quick on their feet when the saw the rest of the guides enter the room. Charity made it clear that it would not be a reunion and everyone except Caius was to be taken to the prison and questioned. She started her questioning with Caius, and the others were led away by the palace guides.

Chapter 33
Farrah, Chance and the rest were all taken away to the prison to be held until further notice. 
“Caius, I have spoken with Warrick, Farrah and Chance. Now is the time for you to remove the block from your mind as well as answer all my questions. This may be the only chance you get to help yourself and, if necessary, to receive the support you may need depending on the outcome of this conversation.”
Caius began to tell his story from the time before he was married to Arianna and was friends with Warrick, through getting Meridian to the fairies, making the deal to get the stone and the book for Selena, befriending Talon.  He moved on to discuss the  demon realm, all the way up to the moment Caius turned himself in to Charity. 
The meeting lasted several hours and Caius had no reason to be dishonest even when he knew the path he took might not have made sense to anyone. One by one, each guide was brought in separate from the others with an agreement not to have a block on their minds so that Charity knew that all was on the table. 
The investigation took days and by the end of interviewing everyone, with all the details of what had happened, Charity knew that she would need to have two separate trials for Warrick and Caius. All the guides who had participated would be implicated in Caius’s trial and may have their own punishments. 

Chapter 34
Talon stood looking over the coup Warrick sent to take them all out. He had dragged them down the dirt road Aiden lived on to an old barn that had been abandoned years earlier. A demon holding spirit guides as prisoners wasn’t the norm. 
Days on Earth had passed, and he heard nothing from the guides.  It was a school day for Aiden and the high school where he was attending his senior year wasn’t very far away from his home. Aiden stayed busy working local farms after school, and his girlfriend and Chris were always to be counted on for the rest of his time.
Talon stayed around the big oak tree where Luna held the portal open just days before hoping maybe someone would portal back soon. It wasn’t long before Talon’s stream of thoughts were broken as he heard Aiden’s loud truck and blaring rock music from miles down the road. 
Aiden turned down his long dirt drive without a slowdown, and Talon watched Aiden’s truck fly by in a cloud of dust. Talon just laughed and smiled as he passed by. Aiden quickly went in to get something to eat, and then he hit the books to study for his final the next day. His grandparents were gone to church for the weekly service. He opened the fridge and found a covered plate with a note on it.

“Gone to church. See you later, love Gram.”

Aiden smiled and put his dinner in the microwave. Things seemed to be a normal Wednesday night at home. He ate quickly and headed upstairs to study. Talon watched from the field and noticed his son’s light in his room went on. For the first time in a while, Talon felt some relief to see someone that was doing okay - at least, for now. Little did he know that the coup he had held as prisoners had escaped.
The main guide of the group told the others as they watched Talon, “This boy, Aiden, is Talon’s son, and he has now taken sides with Caius and his crew. We have to go back to Warrick, but first, we need to let the other demons know what Talon is up to and let them know that Talon has a weak spot.”
Warrick’s coup was gone in a flash, back in moments to the bar where most demons congregated, and they were in search of the pair of demons who had run into Caius and Relic earlier.

Chapter 35
Warrick’s coup found themselves in front of the well-known bar of the demons and the fallen. They entered and were surrounded by the many humans who were men and women of the night. Techno music full scale, demons in every corner and the fallen whose eyes locked onto the guides who were not always welcome. The hissing demon that faced off with Warrick whisked his way over from his usual human victims.
“What brings you all in here? Caius and his group have not returned and why would they?” he hissed.
“I wanted to come to tell you that Talon is helping Caius and has taken up with him and his family and his supporters. Talon held us prisoner, but we escaped to find him watching over another human boy. I believe it is his son, you know, the one he conceived before being cast out here.”
 “Why would we care about the boy?” The demon dismissed the guide.
“That’s not all. He broke code for a fairy, took the guides to the demon realm, managed to get the book, and succeeded in getting the stone back from the human in Salem. Now that he has helped the others succeed, the fairies will no longer remain neutral, and the fallen that are sent here by Warrick could be turned back. Then the balance of power would not be equal, and with stronger goodwill comes stronger goodwill here on Earth where your powers would be diminished.”
The guide took pleasure in watching the demon’s expression change and his anger rise.
“The dark one, he wouldn’t allow this. Our lord would have never let them out alive unless someone pure of heart went in and sought out the book. Talon, he may not be truly one of us, but to cross back over to help the very ones out like you is disgusting. I will find him and put an end to his support. He will be sorry for the day he ever turned!”
The demons disappeared and left the coup standing in the club. 
One of the guides spoke out, “Let’s get out of here. Our work is done, and we need to update Warrick.”

Chapter 36
All that was left standing were Luna and Selena looking at one another.
“Mother! How could you do this to Caius? He came here for help, and you lied to him! All the help I put out there, and put myself through, was for nothing!”
Luna was in a rage.
“How dare you speak to me this way! It does not matter what I promised them. I gave them shelter and sanctuary for a while. That stone and the fairy book were always to remain with me. Now they are back, and our neutrality will not be any longer. I have stood aside for hundreds of years and watched how dirty the guides are, knowing how corrupt Warrick is. You know as well as I do that Caius is fighting a losing battle, and he will fail.  Now they must fight their own battles, and we need to rest assured that we have what is ours and are more powerful than ever.”
Selena’s words and sly grin upset Luna even further.
“Mother, listen to me; not all guides are corrupt. There are guides in Etheria who are innocent in all of this, and they have no idea what Warrick is. We must help them somehow. Who do you want in control of the demons? Warrick? I don’t understand.”
Luna began to cry. As cold and hard as she was, Selena never liked to see her daughter upset.
“Luna, listen, we do not need to care who is in control on Earth because we are unaffected by the things that go on there. The humans do not believe in us anymore, so what does it matter?” Selena embraced her.
“It does matter. I love Relic, and I want our kind to side with the guides and do good for humankind again. You hold the power to change all the fallen back to guides and save humankind. You can help them be better than what they are. Please. At the very least, is there not some more help you can give—for me?”
Throughout, Luna’s sobs could be heard. Orion stood on the outside of the door and was saddened to hear Luna’s crying. 
“Luna, you are so much like your mother. I had hoped you wouldn’t be. I hoped I could find a way for you to see things my way. Years before your birth, I did help the guides. In return, I needed some help from them over the fairy book of spells. I allowed the guides the use of our ancient book to help the very situation you are concerned with, the humans. Things did not work out, and the demons were alerted to our joining of forces. All it did was cause a war on Earth among all of us, and in the end, a demon got hold of our book, and I was unable to keep the stone that carries out our spells and hold power. I swore I would never get involved again. We have been vulnerable this whole time, and with my rule to stay in the shadows, we have managed to stay out of harm’s way. Now we have what we need to ensure our power and protection, and you are asking me to give all that up for a few of the good ones?” Selena looked into her daughter’s eyes.
“So, that is it? A few guides put you in a bad position, and because demons do what they do, you are giving up? You cannot be this way. You must try to trust others again. I want to be with Relic, and if we all can’t be united, then I will never get the chance,” Luna pleaded. 
 “Luna, Relic is a wild card, and he doesn’t set his sights on anyone for long. Besides, he is in love with Meridian. Even though her heart is with Kieren and now the human boy doesn’t change that. He will always want what he can’t have.” Selena said. 
“Even if there isn’t a chance with Relic, we owe the guides our support. Please think about it,” Luna asked one more time.
“Caius may be doomed already, but there may be hope for the rest of us. I will think about it, but I know we don’t have long, and we are going to need Talon. The way things are coming to me that I see, the demons are after him for bringing you all to the realm. Take Orion with you and see if you can get to Talon before the demons do. If you can get to Talon before the demons find him, bring him here, and I will talk to him myself. At that point, I will make my decision. Do not make me regret this, Luna.”
Selena disappeared. A moment later, Orion opened the door with a smile. “Looks like you and I are going on a trip.”
Orion and Luna portaled back to Earth in search of Talon. Luna led Orion back to the place she and the guides had left him standing with Warrick’s coup. As they walked, the ground shook, and the winds picked up. Once the pair made it through and looked around after the winds settled they didn’t see Talon anywhere nor the coup that they had successfully captured. Luna looked down to Aiden’s house and noticed that there were lights on.
“Look, Orion. That is Aiden’s house. I thought we would see Talon and the coup here. Let’s head down to the house and see if Talon is around that way.”
Luna had concern in her voice. Orion said nothing and just followed along with her, trying to put everything together in his mind.
“I wonder if your mother was right? I wonder if any of the demons got to Talon or if Warrick somehow got hold of him?” Orion questioned.
Luna was quiet, shook her head and looked ahead. As they drew near Aiden’s house, the front door swung open and they could hear voices. Aiden was saying goodbye to his girlfriend as she walked to her car to leave. Chris hung in the doorway and just waved goodbye.
“Man, this grounding stuff is no good, huh?”
Chris chuckled as Aiden walked past him through the front door. Chris pressed on.
“I mean, you really are cool to be all right with letting her go to the party without you.”
Aiden walked on past Chris up the stairs with Luna and Orion following in hopes of finding Talon.
“Look, man, we aren’t that serious, and I have other things on my mind,” Aiden said.
“Not that serious? Why wouldn’t you want to be?”
“Well, for starters, we haven’t been dating that long. We are still young and have yet to go to college. So many things can happen. Besides, I feel that there is something bigger coming my way.”
Aiden smirked as he and Chris went in and shut the door. Luna and Orion stood at the top of the stairs looking around for any sign of Talon. He was nowhere to be found.
“This is odd that Talon is not anywhere close. I would think that he would be here,” Luna questioned.
Orion stayed quiet but curious. They made their way down the stairs and out of the house, leaving Aiden and Chris in the room. As they began to walk down the long dirt driveway, Orion paused and looked toward the barn.
“Do you hear that?” Orion asked Luna.
“No. What is it?”
Even as she answered Orion, Luna was already heading toward the barn where she could hear Talon arguing with someone. Orion and Luna opened the doors to the barn, and there stood Talon and the two demons that confronted Caius, Relic and Meridian at the bar. They were squaring off, and it was heated.
“How could you go and help those guides and turn on your own kind?” hissed the demon.
“Turn on my own kind? You are not my kind. You never were. I was once a guide, and they needed my help.”

Chapter 37
Things in the realm were becoming increasingly tense. All the guides being held in prison awaiting interviews alone was stressful enough, before an interrogation by Charity and Brennan witnessing. As Charity promised, each guide was released to their dwellings after they answered her questions. It didn’t take long for Charity to see that Warrick was a troublemaker and that Caius may have been guilty of showing himself to the human. Still though, it would be hard to find a lot of fault on his side.
“Brennan, you heard everything, and I know you can see something has to be done with Warrick. He will have to stand trial for what he has done in Etheria. Now, we must have two separate trials, and this will not be easy. Each guide who was there would have to testify, and we will have to summon a council to decide their fates. Now that the very being who is in charge has been implicated, we cannot allow ourselves to weigh in and make a decision,” Charity stated.
Brennan, who had been quiet and unassuming, remained stone-faced while Charity made her statement. Brennan seemed as though he had more on his mind than trials. Charity took notice of his face.
“Brennan, did you hear what I said?”
Charity was puzzled at Brennan.
“Uh, yes.  I am sorry. Yes, of course. What is the next step?” Brennan pretended to be concerned and on board.
“Well, we have to send notice to the realm, and all the qualified and tenured guides will show up the day we begin. I will make the announcement today, and we will begin. That should give plenty of time.”
Charity quickly left Brennan alone and went to make the announcement. Brennan allowed Charity some time to get far enough away before he snuck off to Warrick’s quarters.
Brennan bolted through the doors. “Sire, we have work to do if we are not only going to spare you but your position in Etheria. Seems the guides who helped Caius know everything, and it will take a miracle to convince a council that you not be cast out!” 
Warrick stood facing the window looking out into Etheria and never even turned to look at Brennan. He stood next to his coup who had already been to report on Talon.
“Brennan, how quickly you have lost faith in my powers here and faith in those who believe in what I do here. I knew Charity would call for the council. That is why all this investigating took place.”
Warrick turned around and looked at Brennan as he spoke his last words on the matter.
“Caius will stand trial for what he did. By the time I am finished with my side of the story, there will be no need for my trial. You will see.” Warrick’s words were slow and deliberate and confused his follower.
“But, Warrick.” Brennan began to beg more questions.
“Hush! Brennan, you do not know all. Trust in your leader and leave me be. I know you have always been loyal to me, and it will pay you rewards down the road, but for now, I have other things that must be dealt with.”
Warrick made it clear he wasn’t interested in anything Brennan had to add, so Brennan left Warrick and made his way back to his quarters with more questions than answers. With having no one else to confide in, he felt it best to keep his image up by showing support to the others until Warrick said he wanted anything further.
Warrick’s coup, who had confronted Talon and spoke to the other dark ones in the club, returned to him.
“So, you all escaped Talon’s hold. Why would you have even been caught in the first place. I already knew about the boy. I just didn’t know that Talon even cared about him, which is very useful information. I will need you to go back to the bar and meet with the demons once again. In addition to that, we will use Aiden to persuade Talon he should change his mind on helping the guides - and Caius of all people.”
Chapter 38
Pramlee, Slaten, Farrah, Cora, Kieren and Janus stayed at Ridge’s place. Meridian, Caius and Arianna went to their dwelling and were accompanied by Relic, all waiting to be notified of when the trial was to begin. Meridian was pacing and couldn’t stop thinking about Talon.
“Father, how long is this going to be? I am so worried about Talon. He has been left alone for too long. With how the fairies have acted, the trials, and fighting Warrick, I am afraid that if we don’t do something, there is no chance of you getting pardoned. Warrick will stay in power. Then, I am afraid of what will happen to you!”
Meridian ran to her father, and they embraced one another. Arianna quickly joined the pair. Relic watched with sorrow in his eyes and then as Arianna caught him looking at Meridian, he quickly dropped his eyes to the ground. 
Arianna said, “Let’s go to Ridge’s place and see how they are all holding up. Besides, I think that it would do us all some good to be together and seeing Kieren would make Meridian happy.”
When they walked in, things weren’t what they expected.  There stood Luna and Orion, and the looks on everyone’s faces were grim. Ridge looked over to Caius, and as they locked eyes, they both knew at that moment that things were about to change, and the change wouldn’t be one with permission. Caius looked at Orion, and as they exchanged a look of agreement, Caius spoke to Luna.
“I know this can’t be good for fairies to be here. Luna, bring me up to speed and don’t leave anything out.”
“I went to my mother about how she treated you, Caius. I urged her to continue her support to the guides. At the time, she was firm about not getting involved. Now that she has the stone and our book back, she says that she doesn’t want to be more involved. The only way she would reconsider is to talk to Talon. She was going to grant access to him to the fairy realm. When Orion and I portaled to Earth at Aiden’s house, we overheard Talon arguing. We stormed into the barn where we saw him arguing with demons. They know about his support to the guides, and they also know about you all going to the demon realm to collect the book. They told Talon that unless he came back with them to see their leader and stop helping all of you, that they would hurt Aiden. Talon put up no argument, and he told Orion and me that he would go, that he couldn’t risk his son being harmed. He wanted us to come and tell you all what had happened. I need him to come with me to see my mother so he can keep helping.”
Luna’s words struck the hearts of everyone there, and the brief silence was broken when Slaten spoke up.
“Wait. How do those demons know about Aiden? Why would they even care that a half-breed would be helping guides get a stone and a book for fairies? This makes no sense to me.”
Caius was quiet, and Arianna knew her husband’s facial expressions.
“Caius, what is it? What do you think it is?” Arianna pleaded with her husband.
“Well, I can’t be too sure. Some of the fallen may already know of Aiden because of talk, and it was no secret Talon that was banned from the realm, and it is possible that some knew of the affair between Talon and Farrah. It isn’t a stretch to assume that some may know Talon fathered a child with a human when he was still a guide. Now, who knows exactly is the question. The one person I can think of would be Warrick. I just can’t put together why the demons care or how they know.”
Caius became quiet with his thoughts, and Kieren and Meridian sat quietly holding hands looking around the room for some hint of where Caius was going.  
Relic spoke up. “So, there have to be some serious conspiracies going on! I have been around for a long time, and I have never doubted Warrick’s craving for power...but seems to me someone on the inside must be conspiring with the demons. The question is why?”
Slaten frowned. “I know my father is low, and he has done some terrible things, but I can’t just accept that my dad is in on things with the demons. That makes no sense.”
Ridge stepped forward and said, “I want to speak to Caius and Relic alone. I want the rest of you to stay here in the bar area. We will step out.”
Ridge nodded to the pair to follow him.
“I didn’t want to have this talk in front of everyone. I’m not sure how some would take all this. I agree with you, Caius. Some of what you say is common knowledge about Talon and Aiden and very well could be true. What has me thinking though, is why the demons care about all that and how they know. I don’t think Talon would go around bragging about having a human son. Using Aiden as blackmail doesn’t sound like something the dark one would care about either. Warrick certainly matches the profile of something like that.”
Ridge seemed very bothered by this since he had taken a liking to Talon. Caius was silent and so it didn’t take much for Relic to jump in with his thoughts.
“Ya know, if Warrick is behind all this, and is conspiring with the dark side, this goes deep, deeper than all of us ever imagined. My question is why would he want to do that?”
Caius didn’t want to waste any time pondering over the whys. “We have to get out of Etheria, get to the fairy realm and talk to Selena.”
Relic let out a big shriek. “What? You of all people want to break out of here knowing we are awaiting trial to take our chances with the ice-cold Selena—the very one who lied to us about helping? I am not even that daring.”
Relic was surprised at Caius.
 “As though this situation hasn’t already gone seriously wrong?  Caius, if this isn’t your idea of a train wreck already, I would hate to see what you think is bad.”
Relic shut the door behind him leaving Ridge and Caius alone. Under his breath, Ridge muttered to Caius, “Don’t worry, Relic; you will see.”
Charity and Brennan had made it to the doorsteps of Ridge’s hangout accompanied by a few military guards for the realm. Before they had the chance to knock, the door was opened by Arianna and Slaten and standing quietly next to her brother was Pramlee.
“The tower bells will soon be ringing to summon the elders to sit at council and decide everyone’s fate at the trial. With all the information at hand, Warrick will be tried as well. I will need all of you to come back with me and wait.” Charity looked around the room and noticed something wasn’t right.
“Some of you are missing. Where is Caius? Ridge is gone, and Relic is missing. Where are they? You all were under strict orders not to leave the realm.” Charity hissed.
Pramlee was going to make her attempt to smooth things over.
“Charity, they are gone, and they know they have broken orders, but it is all for good reasons. They will come back—I promise. We will go with you. Please!”
“Arianna, where is your husband?” Charity demanded.
“Charity, I am telling you the truth. They left here and refused to tell us where for our own protection. We will go with you, and the trial can start. We know you are just doing your job. I believe my husband knows of something bigger and he has set out to find answers to save us all, not just himself.”
Charity took pause and stared at Arianna’s pleading eyes.
“Well, there isn’t much I can do about their absence now. I will need all of you to accompany me back and await the trial to begin.”
Charity’s words were cold. Everyone followed behind Arianna as they proceeded to the palace where their fates would be determined.
***
Meanwhile, Talon had his own trouble. 
“You can’t just hold me here!” Talon shouted at the demons.
“Shut up, Talon! We were sent to get you by our master, and you will remain here in the demon realm by his orders.” The demon sneered.
“I broke no laws. Meridian was pure and won back the book fairly,” he replied.
Talon fought against the fire that restrained him. Being around so much evil was feeding the very one thing he always fought, and his anger increased as the demons watched and laughed. A dark voice interrupted the badgering demons.
“Silence! Leave us; you have done your work now. Be gone before I restrain you for good!”
The demons disappeared in a flash.
“Talon, I hear you have made new friends with the guides, and I know you have been helping them. Why?”
The dark one remained quiet waiting for Talon’s explanation.
“I was helping them get the fairy book back for Selena. I was the only one who could lead them here. They needed to book to lift the spell on one of their kind. In turn, I was promised the fairies would turn me back.” Talon was afraid but honest.
“What makes you think that the fairies have that kind of power? If you were cast out of Etheria by your own kind. Fairies are powerful, but not that powerful. The only one who can save you is the one who hurt you. I know he would do no such thing for you after what you did.”
The dark one’s words struck Talon hard, and the tears fell from his cat-like eyes.
“I will allow you to return to Earth and I will not hold you here for punishment for now. If I find you are continuing to help the guides in any way, you will be sorry.”
The dark one flashed an image of Aiden in his room looking out his window. Then suddenly, Talon found himself back on Earth in the field by Aiden’s house. He quickly ran to Aiden’s room and was relieved that his son was asleep in his bed.
***
The rebellious trio accompanied Orion and Luna back to the fairy realm and opened Selena’s doors to find her patiently waiting.
“Do not speak. I know why you are here. I know about Talon and where he is. Do you all realize that your kind is the reason things have not gone well for you? Now you risk leaving family and friends behind in Etheria to beg for my help once again. I know what you want. Your kind is already in debt to me beyond your wildest dreams. If you need any more of my help, it is going to cost you more than a trip to the demon realm. You have to bring Talon here to me before I will do anything for you all.”
Luna was quick to talk now that her mother was done dominating the conversation.
“Mother, the demons took Talon and told him if he didn’t go they would harm Aiden. I don’t know how we could convince him to come here now and continue to help. He has already done so much already.”
“I know what he has done and why. He hopes to be turned back into a guide. Now with the dark one’s words convincing him that I cannot turn him back, that will be your biggest challenge.”
Selena spoke as though nothing phased her.
“Will you, Selena? Will you do our bidding and help him?” Caius asked.
“I will not help unless you can get him here.”
With no other words spoken, Caius, Luna, Orion and Relic left the fairy realm quickly and portaled back to the field where they had left Talon.
 The group arrived on a quiet evening and gazed upon Aiden’s house. It was nearing sunrise, and there was no sign of Talon. As they walked closer to the barn, the group could hear Aiden and his grandparents up stirring around in their normal morning routine. Talon appeared from the barn.
“You know I can’t help you anymore. I know I can never be a guide again. All I have left is him.”
He nodded his head toward the door with sad eyes as Aiden was leaving for school.
“See you all later tonight!” Aiden shouted to his grandparents.
As he drove out of the long dirt driveway and disappeared, Orion broke the silence.
“We know what you have been through, Talon. Who would you trust more, your dark one? Or would you trust the very guides you know?”
Talon let out a sigh.
“It isn’t just that I can’t come back to Etheria. I would still help. I can’t bear the thought of anything happening to Aiden.”
Caius understood the feeling of never wanting to see harm come to a child and his eyes studied Talon’s sad eyes.  
“Talon, I understand. You must trust us and believe that there is hope. Selena can help all the fallen who have been turned by Warrick. We may not succeed in getting Warrick out of his position, but we can put up a fight. It’s not just me or about Meridian and her future. This is a fight for all our kind and humanity, and that includes Aiden.”
Talon took the time to consider what would happen if he helped, and what would happen if he didn’t. The group talked amongst themselves and eventually convinced Talon to trust them and take a chance, he reluctantly left Aiden’s home and followed the guides, portaling back to the fairy realm to face Selena. 
As always, Relic could be counted on to be overly optimistic in response muttering to himself with his own conclusion as to the way of things. After they arrived, everyone waited for Selena to make her appearance while Relic continued to carry on. 
“That doesn’t sound bad. I mean, all Selena wants from us now is an alliance and at some point, she will call on us for a massive favor. So, even though it seems easy enough, I don’t see what the catch is.”
Everyone stood silent and looked to Relic as the cold fairy queen made it known.
“Relic, you are the catch. You are and have always been the player among your kind, and you also have played with a few of my fairies. The only way I will proceed, and turn Talon and his kind back, and confront Warrick with you all, is if you take Luna’s hand in marriage and stay here with us.”
 Luna could not believe her mother’s words. Selena may have been cold and ruthless, but she always cared about her daughter’s happiness.
“Mother! No. That is so unfair. I love Relic, but I would never want to force his hand.”
Luna’s voice was infected with embarrassment. Relic knew there was so much riding on him. He was always looked at as selfish and not to be taken seriously. He knew this was his chance to change that. His face did not illustrate that the demand was a surprise, even though he said he didn’t see the catch.  Hiding the fear and the want to leave, he agreed. 
“I’ll do it.”
Relic’s words were reluctant but hopeful. Selena was greatly surprised by the look on her fair and cold face.
“We have an accord now, Relic and Luna will be joined immediately, and we will depart for Earth. It is up to you to round up the fallen and bring them here. I will turn each one back as a guide. The balance of power will shift back to the guides. Once this happens, the dark one will no longer offer support to Warrick, and he will be brought down. I will face the council trial, and we will expose Warrick for who he is, once and for all. There is no guarantee that the council will believe us and there is no guarantee that Caius will be saved or that Warrick will be out of power but at least power will shift on Earth, and soon things will be different.”
Talon wasted not a second and left to tell his kind of the news. Taking Orion with him on the fairies’ behalf to support him if it was needed. Relic and Luna had their ceremony, and he was now a member of the fairy realm. Caius and Ridge left for Etheria leaving Relic behind to join the others at the trial that had already begun without them. 
The headquarters were filled with all Etheria’s guides. The council members sat patiently waiting as they brought the first witness to testify. Arianna sat nervously in front of the eyes of her peers waiting to be questioned by one of the elders. Charity and Brennan watched Arianna closely to compare what she said during the investigation to what she said now. In many ways, Charity had made up her mind, but the fate of Warrick and the guides in question were in the hands of the council members. All the guides sat outside in the same location where Caius and Arianna originally sat when their previous actions spun things forward to where they were at that moment.
 Kieren and Meridian sat close together holding one another’s hand. They had grown close to one another through everything, and it appeared as though Kieren was quite fond of Meridian.  
Cora stared a hole into Meridian as she seethed with jealousy while her friend, Janus sat quietly leaned on Slaten listening to Farrah’s words as she continued to support both her children. 
 Farrah spoke in whispers, Pramlee was distracted thinking about the other guides, wondering where they were and what had happened. Her gaze met Meridian’s gaze, and she couldn’t help but walk over to her.
“Meridian? How are you holding up? I know this is nerve wracking with your mom on trial and no word yet from your dad and the others.” Pramlee took the other hand not clenched by Kieren. 
 “I am okay. I am just worried about my father and I can’t help but think about Talon and what has come of him. Aiden also skims my thoughts, and I wonder how he is.” 
“Meridian, you can’t worry about Talon and Aiden,” Kieren said. “You have to focus on yourself and us. Remember to be strong for your father.”
Kieren was really going above and beyond to show Meridian where he stood with her, but before he could continue in his support, a familiar voice interrupted their conversation.
“Nothing will ever go back to normal or be the same again.”
There stood Caius overlooking his daughter. As much as Meridian wanted to jump up and hug her father, she was distracted by the largest army of guides she had ever seen in her life. Standing beside him were Relic, Luna, Orion and Selena.
“Father, who do you have with you? What is going on?” Meridian was frantic.
“Meridian, you must stay calm and allow your father to do what he has set out to do.”
Selena’s words were calming but cold. Caius hugged his daughter and walked through the big double doors that he faced with his wife who was now sitting on trial. The fallen who had returned home marched behind Caius as he pushed opened the doors and interrupted the trial.

Chapter 39
As the doors of the great room flew open, there stood Caius who made no apologies for his interruption of the proceedings held by Charity and Brennan - who was deep in questioning while his wife Arianna was silenced. 
Gasps were audible from all the guides who were seated watching the trial. Arianna, frozen in shock did not believe her own eyes. A voice shot out from across the room.
“Caius! How dare you interrupt these proceedings that you have avoided and deserted!” Warrick shouted.
“I realize that I have broken the code of Etheria and that my actions are unacceptable. However, I acted upon my own choice, and I can explain my actions if granted permission.”
Caius looked to Charity.
“Caius, you broke the law and left Etheria without permission knowing you were to be tried for your actions. I cannot allow you to continue this charade any longer. You will have the right to be heard when you sit on trial. Guards, take him.”
Charity was ice cold; as much as she liked Caius, she had to follow orders.
The guards moved quickly to take Caius, but it was clear that they didn’t like what they had to do. In mere moments, Caius was gone. All that stood before the council were the hundreds of guides who had been cast out as fallen by Warrick right behind Ridge, Talon, Orion, Selena, Luna and her new husband, Relic. 
Warrick wasn’t through. “How dare all of you come in here this way after leaving against orders.”
Despite Charity’s will to do right by the law, she silenced Warrick.
“Warrick, sit down. You are not running anything about this hearing.”
Charity scanned the room of all the guides she had not seen since they were cast out. Her eyes stopped with Selena.
“Selena, for you to be here speaks volumes. I know you helped some of the guides and sheltered them. Why are you here?”
All eyes were on the stunning fairy creature.
“For years, I have watched certain guides act in selfishness with tyrannical displays of power. I have been stolen from by demons and let down by all of you. Although I do not approve of what has taken place, I do know that there is some good left in the guides. I have even found good in the fallen that have been cast away by one of your own for no good reason. These findings have led me to an enlightenment that there is hope. I have hope for your kind with the alliance we now share from the selfless acts of one of your own.”
Selena nodded to Relic as he stood hand in hand with his new wife, Luna.
“It is time for wrongs to be made right, and for guides to do right by humankind and to one another. I speak on the behalf of members of your kind as well as your kind you turned on.”
Selena took a long pause and turned around as the fallen cleared a path for Talon.
“This being was cast away for an act that, yes was breaking your law, but, at the same time, his punishment was for much more sinister reasonings by the very one who claims to lead you down the right path in support of humankind. Ironically, his path was for his selfish reasons for the rage that this being was with his wife.”
Gasps could be heard throughout, and the whispers and commotion got the attention of Meridian and the others outside who came rushing in.
“This being may have made a mistake, but let it be known, Warrick had affairs of his own.”
Selena was silenced by Warrick who interrupted her.
“How dare you come in here and make such accusations about me. You do not know all!”
Warrick’s rage was coming out. 
Talon spoke out. “Yes, it is true, and I did make a mistake. I am not here for myself. I am here on behalf of all our fallen who committed no crimes but were sent away. I have also come here on behalf of the guides in question and on trial for what they have done to preserve the principals of what Etheria stands for. Warrick cast all these guides away because he had a deal with the demons and wanted to keep evil in more power on Earth for his selfish causes.” 
A man who supported Warrick shouted out, “This is outrageous! You have no proof of these allegations!”
The room was going into madness. Sitting high above the proceedings, Charity stopped the commotion.
“Order! Order! All guides that are here to watch are ordered to leave now. All guides on trial and council will remain. Fairies and all fallen are to remain outside and wait for instructions.”
Everyone moved out as Charity ordered. As they left the great room, their faces were colored with confusion and unrest. All the guides that had gone through what they did to arrive at this moment stood still as the crowd of guides passed. 
 It was clear that matters that were always handled in a very diligent manner with order and precision that this historical moment in Etheria would change all that. Charity and all the council members, including Warrick, were staring at Caius who stared back at Warrick with rage and retribution in his eyes.
“Caius, this has gotten way out of control. The things that have taken place here and lately have all guides in uproar, and the animosity between you and Warrick has reached epic proportions. There has to be an end put to this. I have spent hours interviewing everyone on your side. I have yet to hear Warrick’s side of things and based on what I have learned, there is much suspicion around him, but I have no proof, just allegations. With you, I have moved forward with your trial. I want to put this trial to a vote on closed proceedings due to what has gone on here. I vote to close it.”
Charity looked to Warrick, who still had a say, and Brennan. Warrick strongly agreed to a closed session and, as usual, Brennan, who secretly supported Warrick, agreed.
“Well, that was easy. Now, we just need to get this taken care of.”
Charity was relieved and seemed eager to move forward. Chance, who had been quietly guarding the door as always, was ordered by Charity to announce to the guides outside to go home and that the trial was now closed. Chance made the announcement as ordered and many guides were shouting in protest at the announcement.
Meridian watched more shuffling as guides were departing.  “Mother, what is happening?”
Arianna was puzzled as she sat waiting for some indication as to why all this was happening.
“I don’t know. Nothing like this has ever happened in Etheria.” 

Inside, the situation was getting heated as they brought Caius back out. The council was ready to proceed and question Caius on his charge of revealing himself to the human, so they could move on to Warrick and the accusations around him. 
 “Caius, you are accused of showing yourself to a human. In addition, you are charged with treason. Do you have anything to say for yourself?”
Charity’s question provoked an unusual response from Caius. “No.”
Knowing the truth, Charity was shocked at his answer, and hoped that he would see through the formality she was forced to go through. 
With hesitancy, Charity proceeded further and asked Caius a line of questions relating to revealing himself to the human boy.
“Why did you reveal yourself to the human boy you were watching over?”
With a slow response and without looking up at her as he sat in the chair in the middle of the room, he gave more than just an answer but an explanation to put it to rest and move on.
“The boy I was watching over was stuck in the middle of a nasty divorce between his two parents. He is an only child and was not coping well - even with my guidance and being around him at all times. One day, I was there and read some of the letters that he was writing for his parents. I thought that it was nothing but anger until I read another one where he was saying goodbye. He had plans to commit suicide, and I couldn’t bear to watch that happen. I never revealed myself to him; I simply left a piece of jewelry behind that was given to me and worn by my father. I left it out where he did his homework after school.”
Caius still had not looked up. Charity left her chair and walked down to where Caius was seated and tied.
“Caius, you have looked over many humans and have watched them all pass by many different means. Why this boy?” Caius looked up at Charity with pain in his eyes.
“This boy was in his fifth life and stood a chance to have a choice to come on and be a guide. If he took his own life, you know that he would never be permitted the choice but that he would relive another life and his past karma would follow him into the next life. I knew what a wonderful person he was and how much good he could do if he made a choice. It is also no secret that I wished I had a son and he reminded me of what I wished that I had. I made a mistake and got too attached to him.”
Charity could see the sincerity in his eyes but knew deep down that even leaving something behind or getting too attached was against the laws of Etheria.
“As touching as that explanation is, you know that doing anything that would involve this is against our laws. As much as I appreciate your sincerity, the council will have to rule on what your punishment will be regarding this instance.”  Charity moved back to her own seat with the rest of the council. 
“In addition to the circumstance with the human boy, you have further explaining to do with your charge of treason against Etheria. When you were taken in by the guards, you and Arianna broke out of prison and were aided by Relic, Chance and Ridge. Relic is potentially going to be charged with treason for uniting with a fairy and banned from Etheria. Chance will be stripped of his title, and he and Ridge both will be lucky if they are not imprisoned. All of you have united with a once guide who was cast out for his crimes. Each one of the guides who aided you in all this has been questioned by me to ascertain the validity of the story. I can account for what they say as true by being able to read the thoughts of those who have not acquired the ability to block others. As commendable as it is that you all did eventually turn yourselves in, there were laws broken, and we can’t allow this to go unpunished despite you having your reasons. What do you have to say for all of this?” Charity pressed.
“I cannot speak for anyone who was involved except that I am begging all of you to release them from any responsibility for these crimes. It was all on me. I was the one who requested to be broken out of the prison, and I was the one who requested that Meridian be removed to the fairy realm for support. Each guide that helped me did it because I threatened them if they didn’t.”
Caius hung his head knowing this was all lies. 
After hours of questions, the council moved for a break. Caius was allowed to be free during the break, and he went to his family first.
“Caius! Oh, what is going on? We have been in agony waiting.”
Arianna’s voice that shrilled in turmoil sent Caius into emotion as he felt her pain.
“I know, I know. I answered all the council’s questions. It doesn’t look good at all.”
As Caius’s voice trailed off, he stared off as the guards were taking his best friends to the council members for their testimony. Arianna looked confused as she saw her husband’s gaze. 
After hours of the guides meeting with the council behind closed doors, the fallen and the fairies were growing restless. For a group of beings who weren’t always on the same side, it was becoming clear that there was a union forming between them.
“I am worried about everything. What could be taking so long?” Luna asked Selena.
“I can’t say, child, but you aren’t the only one who is getting restless.”
Selena nodded her head toward Talon and the fallen who were in Etheria for the reckoning. The great double doors finally swung open, and Chance appeared.
“I don’t know what is going on, but the guides are being released. The council members, including Warrick, took a break for a while, and when they came back, they said they were finished, and they didn’t even finish talking to the guides.”
Meridian came running to Caius shouting, “Father, they want you and Mother back in. I do not know what is going on; something is wrong!”
The guides followed suit and appeared in front of council.
Charity began her speech addressing everyone. “Guides, we have deliberated, and we have reached our conclusion and punishments. Caius, you have broken the laws of Etheria and implicated your entire family among other guides.”
Charity’s words were harsh, cold and nothing less than shocking.
“Caius, you know the laws, and you broke them and encouraged your group to follow suit. There is one way that you can help those who have been implicated by your disregard to our laws.  If you will submit yourself to the hall of souls at this moment, we will lighten the sentence of your family and supporters. Arianna and Meridian will no longer watch over the humans but will serve here in the palace under Warrick’s rule. Relic will be ban from Etheria for his actions and nuptials to a fairy. Slaten and Pramlee will remain as servants to us and stripped of their titles. Chance will be stripped of his title and imprisoned. Kieren, Cora, Janus and Ridge will serve in prison as well for an undisclosed amount of time.”  Charity stared at Caius and only made one more statement.  “Warrick will have his trial as soon as this matter closes. 
A ring of shrills and shouts could be heard outside and caught the attention of the fairies and the fallen.
“What! How can they all be punished for that severity! This is an outrage and out of line with our laws and governing!” Caius protested.
Warrick looked up at Caius and smiled with vengeance, enjoying the of  the guides. Charity called order.
 Warrick stood up with a smile across his face that screamed lies, vengeance and satisfaction as he spoke.
“Do it not, and all of your family and friends will suffer the fate to which you no doubt will succumb.”
 Meridian’s screams could be heard by all. Slaten and Pramlee stood in shock and realized just how low and evil their father truly was. It dawned on them that their mother Farrah’s name had not been mentioned, which caused them greater worry, their eyes darting back and forth looking for her.
 Charity was losing the room and the ability to control the guides and keep order. The fallen and the fairies came busting through the doors only to add to the commotion. Caius peered at her with all the disruption and could see there was more to her decision than what was being let on and he knew that somehow, she wasn’t feeling justified in what the punishments were. Having this feeling, Caius knew what he had to do.
The fallen and the fairies rushed into the grand room where what was believed to be a room of justice was turned into a scene of rage and terror as the fallen began their thrust toward Warrick. 
The guides who protected Etheria didn’t wait for a moment. They met the fallen head on and in moments the entire room was locked in a massacre of one another. Guides were running out of the room and some were frozen by the fear of what they were witnessing.
 Kieren and Meridian ran full force toward Warrick. They didn’t get far before the protectors grabbed Meridian. Distracted by this, Kieren was knocked to the ground and just in time, the irony set in and the animosity subsided as Relic crushed his sword into the back of the protector. The blood of a guide was like a bright exploding blue starburst. 
The fairies’ eyes were locked onto Warrick, and his face illustrated his fear, which was rare. Just as Orion was within reach of the hated leader of Etheria, he paused and noticed the room was settling down and a path was clearing. As he peered over his shoulder, he saw Caius. Warrick took advantage and disappeared from visibility along with Brennan.
Caius walked toward where the council was seated leaving behind those who loved and respected him dearly. The room began to settle as all eyes were on Caius as he approached.
“Council members, I accept my punishment and wish no further fighting or disobedience of our laws. The fault lies with me, and I beg you not to punish those who were implicated by my poor choices.”
Caius dropped his head in hopes that the council would hear his plea. Charity was struggling with her own words that she knew she had to stick to. She looked down unable to respond.
Talon ran to catch up to where Caius was standing.
“I can’t let you do whatever it is you are about to!” Talon shouted.
Warrick, seething with rage to see Talon, reemerged from hiding.
“How dare you come here! You are unworthy!”
Talon made no response as his gaze held steady on Caius who had his eyes locked on Charity. The room was shuffling with low voices. 
Slaten and Pramlee stood with the fairies watching the disappointment their father had become. Meridian was growing increasingly upset, and even with Kieren by her side, he couldn’t calm her.
 The air of the room had become more silent as though suspended in slow motion as the looks said more than words. It was clear to Charity that the once quiet Etheria was about to make history with the events she knew would change their world forever.
The fallen drew in, surrounding Caius and Talon, and their cold yellow eyes fell on the council members. Chance drew a long and dreaded breath and muttered to himself and Arianna as he locked eyes with Warrick.
“It just got real.”
In less than a moment, Warrick shouted to the guards and pointed to Caius and Talon. “Seize them!”
As the guards rushed in, it took no time for the fallen to swarm in and start fighting the guards once more. 
Caius shouted, “No!”
It was too late. The other guides who faithfully followed Caius wasted no time and went right after Warrick who was seen running away with Brennan. Charity rushed down to Caius who had run to his family.
“Caius! You know I didn’t want any of this! I know you are innocent, and I know what is happening, but Brennan and Warrick are in cahoots, and they threatened me during the break. Please forgive me.”
Caius hugged Charity. “This is not your fault, but if we do not get this fighting to stop, it will be worse for you. Let me take the punishment; you can release me from the hall of souls. We have to do this the right way, and all this fighting isn’t it,” Caius pleaded.
Charity ran back to the front to get out where she could get everyone’s attention. The fighting between the fallen and the guards was subsiding. Selena had been using her magic and cast a spell to calm the group.
“I need everyone to listen to me!” Charity pleaded.
All eyes turned to her, and the room had grown quiet.
“We have made our ruling, and all this fighting is not going to change. Caius has accepted his fate and so must all of you.”
Selena and Luna motioned the fallen to follow them quietly. 
Caius spoke out: “This is my decision, and you all will accept it.”
Caius looked at all his family, friends and supporters and his look was serious. It was clear he wasn’t going to see it any other way.
Meridian tore away from Kieren and ran to her father. The sobs could be heard around the room as she gripped onto Caius.
“Meridian, this is the way it has to be. I can’t let you and your mother along with the rest suffer because of old battles. Warrick will not harm any of you or punish you as long as I go.”
Caius looked out to Warrick as he sneered, “Isn’t that right, Warrick? You will give my family and the others your word that there will not be any punishments to any of them as long as I agree to be cast to the hall of souls?”
Caius knew that Warrick was lying but with the witnesses and Charity knowing everything would deter Warrick from acting too quickly or, at least, he hoped. Warrick didn’t hesitate. “Oh, yes, of course, no one will endure any punishments in exchange for your submission to the hall of souls.”
Charity did not look convinced. However, she knew there was no time for bargaining. Warrick smiled his sly grin as Caius spoke to Meridian.
“See, it will all be all right.”
 “Father, please, I don’t believe him. He will do something to us all. He will not keep his word,” Meridian cried.
Before another word could be spoken, Warrick motioned for the guards to take Caius away. Arianna had made her way over to her husband and was without words as she hugged her husband for the last time.
“I love you, Arianna. I will always be with you, and we will be together again someday.”
Caius was a strong being, but even his eyes were welling up with tears. The sobs of the other guides could be heard around the room. Charity’s cheeks flushed red as a tear rolled down her face. The guards interrupted the family embrace and began walking Caius up the stairs toward his fate. The double doors opened, and bright lights illuminated the faces of all who would witness Caius leaving Etheria. As Caius walked through the doors willingly, he turned around and looked at Meridian and Arianna. He gave a soft smile and a nod, and in a moment, he was gone.
Chance with urgency, even before the double doors were closed he was at Arianna’s side.
“I don’t want to be pushy, but we all know that Warrick will not keep his word. He will be after us all before long. He will only let us walk out of here for the sake of his image and reputation to the rest of Etheria who have no idea the reality of what has happened.”
The trio were quick to leave the palace and join up with Slaten and Pramlee who had already found Ridge, Cora and Janus. None of them wanted to lose Talon before he went back with the fairies who were clinging onto Relic. They all opened up their thoughts to one another and met at Ridge’s place to take in what had just happened.

Chapter 40
The group feeling was somber. Arianna and Meridian were beside themselves with grief, and everyone was struggling with the swiftness of the events that took away one of their most beloved and followed leaders of their world.
 Relic, who was never at a loss for words, couldn’t find it within himself to find the words of comfort that had escaped him. He and Luna sat next to the pair in pain and support. Slaten and Pramlee sat with Janus and Cora, who despite their animosity toward Meridian, had the look of compassion for her. 
“I know you do not want to hear this, but you and Pramlee need to go back to the palace and try to make some amends with your father. Not doing so will leave the situation even worse,” Chance spoke out.
“No way, man! We are not about to go back to him!”
Slaten was cross. As forgiving natured as she was, Pramlee agreed.
“Chance, how can you ask us to do this?” Slaten hissed.
“I will go back alone right now and talk to Warrick to find out where he stands and get a feel for where he is,” Chance stated. “All of you should sit tight, and in the meantime, the fairies and Talon had better get out of here now.” 
Talon and the fairies had been quiet and knew they had to leave at some point. Selena, who agreed, spoke up. “Yes, we need to leave here. I know that Warrick will retaliate, but we have no more business here. With Relic’s nuptials to my daughter, you know you can count on us for an alliance when need be.”
Within moments, the fairies, along with Relic, were gone. There, the only outsider stood looking defeated looked up with his striking eyes.
“I am sorry I failed all of you. I know I must return to Earth with the rest of my kind but also to watch over Aiden. I worry what Warrick may do with him.”
Kieren and Meridian walked over and embraced him.
“We will find you,” Kieren said, and with a nod from Meridian, Talon was gone.

Chapter 41
Chance made his way back to Warrick knowing what was in store for him and the others. He had hopes that he could convince Warrick that everything had gotten way out of control. With Caius gone, things already seemed different, and Chance was doing his best to hold in the great emotion he was feeling. As he made his way into the palace, Warrick was nowhere to be found, and it was unusually quiet. As he proceeded to Warrick’s quarters, he could hear whispering down the hall, but he couldn’t quite make out what was being said or by whom. As he drew closer to Warrick’s quarters, Charity and Farrah appeared.
“Chance! Oh! Can you believe what has happened?”
Farrah embraced Chance as she sobbed. As the two broke their embrace, Charity felt the need to explain things.
“Chance, I—” 
Chance interrupted her. “Look, I know what is going on. You don’t have to explain. We all know that you had nothing to do with what has happened.
Warrick didn’t take long to show up. “Chance! You sure have a lot of nerve showing up here. You have been stripped of your title here and should be incarcerated. I know all, and you are finished!” 
In a flash, Slaten and Pramlee stood with Chance, and Slaten spoke out. “Father! No. We love Chance like family, and Pramlee and I will return to the palace. We understand you feel betrayed and will work to restore the realm and our relationship. Please let Chance be.”
Warrick was silenced by his surprise at his children coming back. “I don’t know if I can trust you.”
Warrick’s words were cold and without emotion.
“Father, we know that so much has happened. We need to find a way to put things back together,” Pramlee spoke out.
“Yes, you are right. When Arianna and Meridian turn themselves over, then I can consider the peace, but that is only a consideration,” Warrick demanded.
Pramlee and Slaten were quite unsure how to respond. They knew how Arianna and Meridian felt about Warrick and didn’t know how they could pull that off.
“Father, that would be difficult,” Slaten pleaded with his father.
Warrick offered no response, and it was clear that this was not a negotiation.
“Okay, but can the others be released from any punishment?” Slaten sadly questioned.
Warrick gave no verbal response, just a smug smile before he turned his back and left.

Chapter 42
Talon made his way back to Earth to find his son at home. Weeks had passed on Earth in the brief time that the events in Etheria took place. Aiden was getting closer to his spring prom for his senior year, and his usual company of his girlfriend and best friend could be counted on to be with Aiden. 
Talon was in the barn and the doors opened up, and the barn was filled with Aiden’s laughter while he and his grandpa were getting ready to do some work on the farm.
“Aiden, you need to get the tractor ready for this summer. With this weather, I am hoping to get a good crop of hay. If this luck keeps up, you will have plenty of work this summer.”
Grandpa walked away whistling as he left his grandson to start doing some maintenance on the tractor. Talon knew it might not be a clever idea, but he moved closer to his son, and Aiden paused as he sensed a presence. He picked his head up and looked around. The presence he felt out in the field was different than this one. He still thought it was his mother. He couldn’t shake the difference.
“Mom?” Aiden spoke aloud. “Is it you?”
Talon was frozen with shock and fear. He was trying to understand why his son didn’t have fear or want to do wrong. 
The moment was broken up when Aiden’s girlfriend showed up.
“Who are you talking to?” Amy asked.
“Oh, no one, I was just thinking aloud really, so what are you doing here?” Aiden quickly tried to change the subject.
“We are supposed to go rent your tux and get measured today, remember?”
Amy seemed surprised because Aiden was the perfect boyfriend and didn’t forget things very easily. As Amy walked out of the barn, Aiden shouted: “I’ll be there shortly. Go hang out in the house!” He finished up what he had started working on.
 Aiden was already very cute, tall, with stunning blue eyes, and he grew more attractive as he was growing into manhood. As Aiden left the barn, Talon followed behind testing what him and his senses.   Aiden stopped and turned around and stood for a few seconds before Amy was motioning him to get in her car.
The couple drove into town, and as they got closer to the shop that rented out tux’s, he noticed another building across the street that had a sign hanging out that said: Readings and Palmistry.
As they got out of the car, Aiden stood and stared at the sign.
“Are you coming? What are you looking at?” Amy questioned.
Aiden stared longer, like he didn’t hear Amy. As he continued to stare, Amy didn’t say anything and watched Aiden’s face, puzzled by this change in him. In the moments that followed, Aiden snapped out of his placid stare and just walked on following Amy into the little shop that rented out formal wear. While the couple waited for the seamstress to come and take Aiden’s measurements, Amy began to talk about their future. That had been on her mind with the end of high school.
“Have you figured out which school you are going to attend?” Amy inquired.
“I think I am going to just attend the community college for the first couple of years, you know, to help my grandfather out on the farm. After that, I will transfer to a bigger university.”
Amy seemed upset at this.
“I thought you and I would go to the university now, so we could be together?” she questioned.
Aiden stared at the floor and was notably uncomfortable with where the conversation was going. He lucked out when the seamstress came out and called his name to be measured.
Meanwhile back in Etheria,  Meridian was dealing with her own issues with what had happened to her father and helping her mother deal with this grief. Relic was off in the fairy realm, and she missed her comical friend, now sad that she wouldn’t be able to spend time with him anymore. Kieren was the only thing that kept her happy through it all. He had been staying with her and Arianna at their dwelling. The agony of waiting for Chance to return was getting to them all, and it wasn’t long before the trio decided to go over to Ridge’s place and see if Chance had come back with any news.
“I wonder if Slaten and Pramlee decided to stay with Warrick after all that happened? And what about Farrah? She is in a tough position as it is, and with her family torn apart, I can’t imagine what she is going through,” Arianna questioned.
Kieren and Meridian were quiet while they approached Ridge’s place, they saw Janus through the window.
To their surprise, Slaten and Pramlee were sitting and talking with Ridge, and their faces were grim.
“Pramlee!” Meridian shouted as she ran over to the table. “I have been so worried about everyone and wondering what will happen next.”
“Meridian, there is hope for peace, but it will come at a price. My father has agreed to allow Slaten and me to return to the palace. Chance was stripped of his title as head guard and won’t be punished if he just leaves the palace. Everyone else is off the hook as long as you and your mother agree to live at the palace. He said that you both would have your own quarters. You will no longer be allowed to watch over any humans or return to Earth, but your skills and gifts will be used for the realm here when needed.”
Meridian was outraged. “Never! How could you think that we would agree to this!”
Arianna sat still and knew that they had no other choice.
“I know this is hard, but my father said if you will do this in time with good behavior from you both that he will bring your father back,” Pramlee explained.
“This is our only shot,” Arianna softly stated.
 “I won’t do it, Mother! He won’t keep his word, and you know it.”
Meridian did not realize that if she didn’t agree the other guides would be punished.
“Meridian, we have to go. This is a sacrifice that we have to make for the sake of others. Like Relic and his sacrifice. He didn’t want to marry Luna, but he did it to gain an ally, the one with the fairies that he knows we will need in the future to restore things how they were without Warrick. This will take time, and that is all we have right now if we want that chance. Farrah is still there, and we know Charity is not on the side with Warrick and Brennan. We can use this to our advantage and turn things around, but we can’t do it without tact and playing the game for a while. It also won’t be easy,” Arianna explained.
“Well, what about Kieren? What about Talon?”
Pramlee continued to try and convince Meridian.  “My father will understand bringing Kieren. If we all go now together and make that request as long as you stay, then I am sure he would allow this,” Pramlee stated in sympathy.
Pramlee walked over to Meridian and held both her hands pleading with her. “Look, I don’t want to be there either, but I know if I don’t, what could happen? At least you will have your mother there, and I will be living there too. So, even though this feels like a prison, we can make the best of it.”
 “Okay, but I need some time alone in my room. I have some things I want to bring and to say goodbye to the place.”
Pramlee nodded her head, and Arianna hugged her daughter.
“It’s going to be all right; we will be together.”
Arianna comforted her daughter the best she could as they both left Ridge’s place and went back to the dwelling. 

Chapter 43
Warrick was not surprised to see Meridian and her mother coming into his quarters. He knew that it would be easy to convince the pair they needed to join him if they ever wanted to see Caius again. When they arrived, their faces were drawn and grim, and Warrick took pleasure in their pain. 
“I am grateful that you have come to your senses and have decided to stay here with us.”
“We have only come here because we know what will happen if we don’t. However, we do have one request and that is that Kieren is allowed to stay here with Meridian,” Arianna spoke up.
Warrick was quiet with ponder and amusement. He broke his short silence.
“Yes, Kieren is welcome here. I realize he is new to Etheria, and despite his crash course in learning things, he will require assistance in understanding his role here. As for you, Meridian, you are banned from Earth; you are not permitted to go there again. Therefore, you will also break all contact with Talon and the fairies. This, unfortunately, will include your friend Relic who has fled to the fairy realm. You will not exchange thoughts or anything with him. Is that understood?”
Warrick was forceful and arrogant. Arianna nudged her daughter whose anger was growing as Warrick’s words struck her heart.
“Yes!” Meridian shouted back.
Warrick laughed in amusement at the feisty guide showing no care to her demeanor.
“Very well then, I will have you shown to your rooms where you will be staying. When your other friend arrives, make sure you take him to his room. After that, Arianna, I need you to come to my quarters immediately, so we can discuss other matters.”
Warrick walked away and was satisfied with what he had accomplished.
The pair left with the guide who was showing them where they would be staying. Meridian was followed by Pramlee who stayed behind talking to Slaten as to what had gone on. She knew that Meridian was angry and that her mother would want a few minutes alone with her daughter before returning to Warrick. After they entered their rooms and Arianna left Meridian alone, it was Pramlee who stopped by her room to see how she was.
“Hey, I know you are upset,” Pramlee sympathized.
“How can you be here? How can you come back to your father after all he has done?” Meridian shouted.
“Look, I know this is hard, and I can’t imagine how you must be feeling, but this was all Slaten and I knew to do to protect everyone. Do you think we want to be here? We are here to restore some peace and work through this mess. The only ones who benefited from all of this were the fairies, and they certainly got what they wanted. Relic doesn’t want to be with Luna at all, and we all know that. We miss him. We miss….”
Pramlee’s words trailed off as she stopped herself from bringing up Caius.
“I can’t just stay here and do nothing. I have to get back to Earth and see what has been done with Talon.  I need to know and understand this thing with Aiden too.”
Meridian stared off out her window.
“Aiden? Talon’s son? What of him?” Pramlee asked.
“It’s hard to explain, but back before all this started, when my parents and I were at the hospital, he had just been born, and I was so drawn to him and have been his whole life. I think I was meant to watch over him. You saw that day in the field; he knew someone was there. He thought it was his mother who passed away. His mother I do believe is a ghost. She must have been the one I saw sobbing going from all the rooms in the maternity ward that day looking for him not realizing she had passed on. I have to go back to Earth!” shouted Meridian.
“No, Meridian! If you go back my father will cast you right beside your father, and what good will that be to everyone?” Pramlee pleaded.
“All I know is that my mother and I being stuck here does no good to anyone, and I can’t stay. You can either go with me or stay here, but I am going.”
Meridian’s words were sharp, and Pramlee knew she meant it.
“I am not as brave as you are, Meridian. I don’t want to risk it. I am staying here. I will cover for you the best I can, but you better do what you need to do quickly. I can’t keep this from my father for long.”
Pramlee left Meridian to herself and passed Arianna as she was on her way to see her daughter.
Pramlee, breaking her father’s rule, sent a message to Relic in hopes he could hear her thoughts through the planes and into the fairy realm.
“Relic, it is an emergency. Meridian is here with us at the palace. She has been ordered not to travel to Earth or even talk to you or Talon. She told me she is going to do it anyway. I am afraid of what will come of her if Warrick finds out. The only person she will listen to may be you. You have got to come here and stop her!”
Pramlee hoped the urgency would translate through to Relic, and all she could do was wait.

Chapter 44
Relic was enjoying himself as usual with his new bride, Luna. Selena and all the fairies seemed excited at the new beginning their kind was starting. There was not a trace of guilt for not following her words to turn the fallen back to guides, and it showed on Selena’s face as she watched her daughter and Relic together.  Pramlee’s message made it through to Relic and his happy demeanor soon changed. 
“No, you will not,” stated Selena.
“What?” Relic questioned.
“You know very well what. I know what the message was from Pramlee and you need to stay away from there for now. There is nothing you can do if Meridian decides to break Warrick’s rules.”
“Selena, please let me go! I am with your daughter now and did what you requested. The least you could do is let me go back and try to talk some sense into her.” The queen wasn’t convinced that he was that committed to her daughter, but at the same time, he wasn’t a prisoner either.”
“Very well, but do not be gone for long,” Selena demanded.
Relic rushed to Etheria by way of a portal that Orion gladly helped create. He walked through, and he could feel the chill of the palace up his spine that resonated the evil that resided there among some of the unassuming.
“Pramlee! Where is she?”
Relic and Pramlee rushed down the hall to Meridian’s room. They found it empty.
“Maybe she is with Arianna?” Pramlee questioned.
Arianna caught them leaving Meridian’s room.
“What are you doing here?” 
“There is no time to explain, Mrs. A.,” Relic hushed her.
“I think she already left,” Pramlee stated.
“What are you talking about?” Arianna’s voice was rising with fear.
“Meridian said she was leaving to go to Earth to find Talon and Aiden. She said she couldn’t stay here,” Pramlee desperately explained.
“Oh no! We have to go get her!”
With not a second to waste, they disappeared and portaled to Earth to the only place they knew they would find Meridian.
Aiden’s house was dark and it was the night of the prom and Aiden was out with Amy and his friends. The guides moved over to the old barn where Talon could always be found lurking, but were disappointed to find that Talon was not in the barn and Aiden wasn’t home.
“Where could they be?” Relic questioned.
A shadowy figure emerged from the back side of the barn. The familiar yellow eyes peered out at them.
“Finally, I didn’t think I would see you all!”
Talon made his way out and even with all that had happened he seemed fine.
“Talon! We don’t have time to explain but where is Aiden? And have you seen Meridian?” Pramlee questioned.
“No… Why?”
“No time to explain, but we have to get to Aiden. We think that is where she will be.”
Relic pushed everyone along to portal and Talon knew just where he was. He was dancing the night away with Amy at the prom.
The gym flooded with kids celebrating, some celebrated the end of high school, and the start of freedom.
 Chris went stag with another group of boys with whom he and Aiden were buddies. Aiden and Amy were out on the floor having a great time dancing to the music being played by a local band. Aiden whispered into Amy’s ear, and the pair walked off the dance floor and split up as they both went into their respective restrooms. 
Meridian had made it to Earth, breaking Warrick’s law and had no problem locating Aiden. She followed him into the bathroom where stopped having a hunch that he wasn’t alone. He walked over to the sink and began to run the water over his hands, and he splashed water on his face to wash away the sweat running down his flushed face. He let the water keep running, and he held himself up as he leaned on the sink watching the water flow down into the drain.
“I know you are here and I know that you follow me sometimes,” Aiden spoke out.
Meridian was standing right next to Aiden.
“I can’t see you, but I know you are there.”
Aiden trailed off in thought with his words. Suddenly, Meridian found herself continuing to break more of the laws of Etheria.  She wanted to know Aiden, and this might be her last chance to reveal to him who he had been sensing all along. 
The room went dim, and a soft glowing light appeared next to Aiden.  Despite knowing something was there, he was startled at what his eyes were seeing in front of him. He stepped away and moved up against the wall where he remained frozen staring at the light emerging from thin air.
“Do not be afraid of me, Aiden,” Meridian spoke out.
Aiden relaxed as he could see the beautiful young woman who appeared in front of him. She had platinum hair and deep green eyes, and her skin glowed like the sun.
“Mom, is that you? Are you the one who has been following me?” Aiden questioned.
“I am not your mother, but yes, I have been with you watching over you.” 
Outside the restroom, the prom was still going on, and the other guides made it with Talon and were hunting for Meridian.
“Well, it’s nice to see a band here at least,” Relic stated.
“Man, shut up. We need to find her!” Talon shouted.
It didn’t take long for Relic to pick up on Meridian’s thoughts and explanations weren’t needed. They all moved swiftly behind Relic.
“There she is. Let’s go!” shouted Relic.
As they approached Meridian, she caught their thoughts and sight of them, and she quickly started shouting for them to calm down. She disappeared from Aiden’s sight, and he could no longer hear or see Meridian.
“Stop. I am not going back! I am staying here!”
“What about Kieren and your mother?” Pramlee asked.
“I don’t know, but I need to be here with Aiden for now.”
She walked over and hugged Talon. 
“I can’t be in here; we need to leave and let’s talk about this.”
Talon ushered her out, and the others followed from a distance. Once the group moved into the parking lot of the school, Talon stopped with Meridian close by his side.
“Meridian, I know what has happened, and I know you are upset, but you risk too much with this unpredictable behavior. Have you not thought of those who you implicate or affect in this manner?”
Talon’s eyes were locked on Meridian’s big green eyes. Before she could speak up, Talon broke his stare and was alerted to something else. He looked past Meridian, over her shoulder and there stood the one being he hated the most.
“Warrick,” Talons voice was low and frothy with the taste to attack.
Pramlee rushed over to Warrick.
“Father, wait. You don’t understand,” Pramlee pleaded.
Warrick raised his hand, and with a blunt force that could not be seen, Pramlee was shoved off and cast into the air and held in suspension unable to move or speak.
“So, you operate like the dark ones, do you?” Talon questioned Warrick.
Relic quickly moved Meridian behind him in the last resort to protect her from Warrick’s wrath.
Warrick’s protectors stood on each side of him and stared down the guides who were considered ruthless and full of treason.
“Relic, you are a traitor to your own kind, and you will never set foot in Etheria again for the rest of your existence. If you do not step aside, you will join Caius!” Warrick shouted.
“No way. You are not going to harm Meridian. She has every right to the way she feels, and it’s all due to your treachery and deceit. We will stop you, and you will be the one who is cast out!” Relic challenged.
Warrick remained cold and silent as he approached the player and Meridian.
“So, Meridian, you want to associate with Earth’s filth of the fallen, do you? You believe that you can break my rule?”
Warrick’s words were harsh, cold and the more he spoke, the louder he became.
“Very well then, you will get what you ask for and desire!”
In a flash, Talon was in full rage headed straight toward Warrick who stood unphased by the venomous fallen creature he created. Talon lurched through the air toward the deceptive leader as Warrick reached for his sword as his protectors launched their defense against Talon. 
The scene was gross with violence and sounds of screams by the protectors rang in the ears of the guides as Talon’s sharp razor-like claws slashed them to bits. Warrick and Talon locked eyes and charged one another head-on. With one strike of Warrick’s sword, Talon’s skin singed with crackling and smoke as he fell to the ground. Astounded by what had taken place, he was momentarily distracted as he looked at the wound all the way across his chest. Warrick took another strike to his arm as Talon reached up to stop Warrick. He was seething with rage at the creature. Another hot stinging burn to Talon knocked him to the ground. Just before Warrick raised his sword for the final blow, other fallen that Warrick had created came rushing in from all directions. Like a black cloud, the fallen demons swarmed the egomaniacal being. 
“No! You vile creatures! Stop! You will not defeat me!” Warrick shouted.
He swung his sword in defense while his protectors lay away and watched the fallen falling away from the strikes of his sword.
 With a raise of his hand he stared right at Meridian, Warrick’s curse was set.  Meridian lit up as bright as the sun, and a ball of light engulfed her. The ball began to spin and made a roar as the speed perpetuated. She began to disappear from everyone’s sight and no longer could any of the guides read her mind. 
The ball of light that she had now become exploded with a ricochet, the ground began to shake.  In the distance another light emerged from a portal. Warrick took a full run into the portal to escape his attackers that came to Talon’s defense. The portal closed and Warrick, along with his protectors, vanished.
In a blink of an eye the scenery took a dramatic change. It was quiet, and no one was to be heard or seen. As the sun rose over the east side of the school building a woman lay in the parking lot. It was no longer springtime. The leaves on the trees were glowing with the colors of autumn, and the dew on the grass was thick and heavy. The woman lying there was unrecognizable to the students who were arriving early for school. She opened her eyes and looked around confused as to where she was. As she stood, she heard footsteps approaching.
“Are you, all right?” the schoolboy asked.
“Where am I?” the young woman asked.
“You are in the parking lot of Miller High School. Is there someone we can call for you? What is your name?”
The woman paused and was more confused by the answer of being at a school.
“Call? Call who? I don’t know who to call. My name? Oh yes, my name is Meridian.”
She looked toward the school and vaguely recognized the gym she remembered walking out of. She whispered to herself, “Talon.”
The boy seemed confused by her behavior. “I am sorry, who? Talon? Is he a friend or a relative? Maybe we should take you into the school, and we can get the principal to help you.”
The high schooler motioned her to follow him into the gym as they walked through. Flashbacks of the prom came rushing through her mind. Meridian looked over and remembered standing on the spot where Talon first saw her watching Aiden. She could see their faces, but she could only recall Talon’s name.
“Here is the girl’s bathroom if you need it while we wait for the office to open.”
The boy was helpful but equally as baffled by what he had found in the parking lot. He walked away and left Meridian to herself. She went on and opened the door to the bathroom, shuffled in, the and passed the first mirror without notice. 
As she came to the second mirror, she glanced as she walked by and was frozen with shock at what she saw. Slowly, she moved to the third sink, turned, faced it and looked up. 
What she saw in the reflection was not the being she remembered herself as. Her long platinum hair was no longer platinum; Her long locks were still long but were dark and cold black. Her translucent vibrant skin was no longer translucent but pale and white. Dressed all in black, she appeared to look as though she was headed to a funeral. Her wrist that bared the rare infinity mark didn’t glow white anymore but appeared as just a black-inked tattoo across her wrist. She held up her wrist to look at the mark, and her face was puzzled as she was trying to take in the appearance that she did not recognize. She walked out of the bathroom, and the schoolboy who was helping her emerged with the principal and other school personnel.
“Hi, I am Mr. Wright, the principal here. It isn’t an everyday occurrence that we find anyone lying in our parking lot. Are your parents around that we can call for you? Are you hurt?” he asked.
“Um, no, I am not hurt, and I don’t have…”
She caught herself. “I have a mother, but she is gone, and I don’t know how to find her. I don’t live around here, and I don’t know where to go.”
Meridian couldn’t remember much about who she was, just glimpses of memories and she was still trying to take in the reflection of herself from the mirror. 
“Well, I have called our local police, and they are going to take you to the police department to try to identify you and help you get where you need to be. Please come into the office and wait until they get here. I am sorry that we can’t do more, but we were unsure what to do,” Mr. Wright pleaded.
They walked to the office and Meridian took a seat in the lobby outside the office, and as she sat waiting, she looked over at the walls with pictures of students who had attended over the years. She walked over to get a better look and was halted by one photograph of a boy accepting an award from the principal. Meridian walked into the office.
“Mr. Wright, is it?”
 “Yes. Are the police here?”
Meridian shook her head. “No. I was wondering if you could tell me who this boy is. He looks familiar to me.”  Meridian motioned the principal to follow her out back to the wall with the pictures. 
“Oh yes, that is Aiden. He graduated here last spring. He was accepting a scholarship to college. Do you know him?”
Meridian paused. “Well, I don’t know him that well, but he looks familiar to me. Do you know how I could find him?”
Mr. Wright scratched his head hesitating to tell her.
“Well, his grandparents have a farm outside of town off the county road—big white house and a field. He is off at college now at the university.”
Mr. Wright was gazing at the picture reminiscing about the day he gave Aiden the scholarship. By the time he turned around, Meridian had disappeared and left the school.
More time had passed since Meridian’s curse took her over, and the holidays were growing near. The holiday shoppers filled the city streets, and the aroma of coffee and hot chocolate loomed outside the coffee shops. 
Meridian had been in search of Aiden and had not succeeded, however she had found herself a job working in a local bar. She had made friends with the local palm reader across the street, whom she felt she had known her whole life and managed to stay with her.
“Bye! I will be back after work, or maybe I won’t.”
Meridian giggled as she left the palm reader and headed across the street to the bar. Meridian began her shift, and she sold as many drinks that night as she was hit on by the men who came in there to have her attention. In the meantime, she had found a way to pass the time with the men who came into the bar. 
“Hey, girl, take the rest of the night off. Your favorite band will be playing soon, and I know you like to watch. Go on; you have put in enough hours.”
Meridian tossed her towel on the bar and took a seat at a table by herself as the band geared up to play. The bar was packed with people as it always was during the school year with all the college kids who came in. A lot of them were there blowing off steam from taking finals. 
The doors swung open, and a group of college kids walked through and headed straight for the bar and ordered drinks. The group consisted mostly of guys, but there were a few girls who straggled in giggling and who had obviously had too much to drink before they arrived.
 Meridian took notice of the group and was curious. As the crowd gave way to the line of sight that Meridian had locked onto, she began to stare at a guy who was very familiar to her. She left her chair and began to walk over to the bar where he sat with his back to her as he laughed and carried on with his friends. 
She knew the boy who she had been looking for was Aiden. She walked right up behind him, stopped and noticed that the group of friends he came with stopped talking and laughing and began to look at the dark woman with the bright green eyes. Aiden noticed no one was talking and he turned around to see where they were all looking. As he turned around and locked eyes with the alluring Meridian, he did not recognize her but stood still and silent as he gazed into her familiar eyes. Meridian stood with a soft smile, not giving too much away knowing he would not recognize her. At a loss, as to what was taking place, the smile left Aiden’s face. This was the moment Meridian was waiting for as he awaited her words.
“Hello, Aiden.”








The Second Installment of the Series
Black Widow Curse & The Coven (#2)
Catch a sneak peek…

Fairy Nymphs & The Demon Court (#3)
2019














From the International Review of Books
Plot: 4 out of 5
Character Development: 4 out of 5
Flow: 4 out of 5
OVERALL SCORE: 4 out of 5
Which line stood out from all the others in the book?
Despite it only having been a short while since Meridian had been cast away from Etheria, the realm was showing unrest.
Meridian Chronicles: The Black Widow Curse and The Coven was a good book. The story is character and action driven, and the characters are well developed. The writing style is focused on the character's actions, without external minutiae slowing the story. As a result, the story flowed quickly and effortlessly, making it hard to put down.

Chapter 1
															The air was crisp and cool as it danced around her face and through her messy raven hair. With a quick stop to investigate the window of the restaurant, she paused at the reflection staring back at her; Meridian did not recognize who she was.  Her disheveled look was unflattering, and her dark and ominous wardrobe gave her the appearance of someone heading for a funeral, a fan of Johnny Cash, or on the other end, a lover of all things gothic.  Wincing, she turned away from the stranger in the reflection and continued to walk down the street that she had once known in another life. Meridian had no idea where or who she was, or how she had arrived in such a state.  With overwhelming emotions raging inside, the flush on her face gave color to her pale face, and her eyes appeared even more piercing with the compliment of the blush in her cheeks.
	As she walked down the street from Aiden’s old school, her mind scrambled with thoughts. Her face devoid of movement, like a statue, it wouldn’t have been hard for any onlooker passing by her to see how lonely she felt.   All Meridian could remember was Aiden and a distant memory of a name, Talon, but she was not sure why these names came to her and what the importance of these names was.  The more her mind obsessively ran over thoughts of things she didn’t understand, the quicker her pace became as though she was running from something.  Maybe she was running her way back to, in the very least, a clue that would brim with familiarity.
Meridian passed a few shops and a small bar that were out of place amongst the administrative offices and city hall. Meridian was unaware though; she wouldn’t have known what was out of place in this world.   She stopped outside the bar, looked in the windows, and did not see anyone there. Moments later, she heard voices from inside as the door came open.  A woman dressed very strangely was saying goodbye to the owner of the bar. “I will see you later, Tallulah!” the distant voice shouted from inside the bar. 
There Tallulah stood, looking at Meridian and adorned with jewelry of Celtic and Wiccan symbols.  Her light brown hair was long, but strategically swept up in a messy bun atop her head and looked as though it had not seen a wash in a couple of days.  Her clothes hung loosely on her large curvy body giving it a boxy appearance, her feet were hidden by the overture of her long dress, and she smelled of patchouli. Although Meridian was not quite sure what the scent was, as she had not encountered it before, it somehow gave her a sense of knowing and comfort.  Meridian stared at the woman as she was trying to put together this feeling of familiarity.  Tallulah waved her arms in sync with her exchange with the woman inside the bar, her large and gaudy bracelet chiming with every move of her hand.   Meridian could not help but stare at the eccentric lady as she spoke to the other woman.
“Sure thing. Come by for a chat soon,” Tallulah answered back as she closed the door and took notice of Meridian’s stare.   Tallulah’s smiling face quickly changed, and the twinkle in her eye disappeared as she looked at Meridian.   Meridian’s expression struck Tallulah; as a psychic, she was too sensitive of a person to just walk on by.
“Hi, how are you?” Tallulah asked with concern.
Meridian stood with her arms crossed barely making eye contact.  She kept her head down, kicking a small pebble on the ground as though that it was more important than Tallulah engaging in conversation with her.  After a very long pause, she allowed her deep and mesmerizing green eyes to look up and quietly answer, “I am okay.”
“You sure you are okay?  Are you looking for someone?” Tallulah asked.

“I really don’t know. I mean I do not know if I am okay or not, and I am looking for someone, but I do not know how to find him.  His name is Aiden,” Meridian quietly explained, keeping her voice down as passersby continued to stare.
“Aiden?  Hmm, I do not know anyone by that name.  Are you from around here?”  Tallulah inquired further.
“No, I am from out of town, and I do not know anyone here.”  Meridian realized how she must sound to the stranger she was speaking to.  She worried that this somehow familiar woman would see right through her, and in Meridian’s mind, there was no telling what that would entail for her.
“How did you get here?  Do you have any parents or family?  I see many people in my line of work, but I get the feeling I know you.  Have we ever met before?”  Tallulah was a little taller than Meridian, and she was bent at the waist just low enough to try to peer into Meridian’s eyes that were still locked on the ground.    Her questions though innocent felt invasive to the lost and castaway spirit guide.   “What is your name, sweetie?”  Tallulah pressed on after receiving no reply, “I am sorry I am asking you so many questions.  Where are my manners?  In a small town, we all try to help one another; we are all like family.  I didn’t stop to think about how that may come across to a stranger.”  Tallulah looked away from Meridian.
Meridian stopped kicking the pebble and looked up to the woman who had now stopped trying to make eye contact. “Meridian, I think.  I am not sure.  I can’t really remember things.” Meridian looked around seeking any clue to remind her of who she may be, but nothing was ringing any bells.  As she heard herself speak, it left her feeling even more vulnerable and embarrassed.
“What happened? Were you in some sort of accident?  I can call someone for you or take you somewhere if it would help you out,” Tallulah explained as she fumbled through her big purse digging for her cell phone. After several minutes of digging through a seemingly endless purse, Meridian put her hand out to Tallulah.
“No, no, it is fine, really.  I don’t need you to call anyone for me. I don’t know what happened to me exactly.  I just know I woke up in the high school parking lot, and I went into the school. The Principal called the authorities, but while I was waiting I asked if he knew where Aiden lived, and he said that he lived in a farmhouse off a county road outside of town. That was where I was headed when I stopped here,” Meridian said.
“Well, there aren’t but a few county roads around here in this small town.  How come you didn’t wait for the authorities?”  Tallulah asked further.
“I don’t know. I don’t think I have done anything wrong, I just had this name in my mind, and I wanted to find him.” Meridian paused.  “I don’t even know him... I don’t think I do. I just…” Meridian stopped herself.  She did not want to say anymore or mention Talon’s name.
“So, you do not remember anything but this Aiden’s name, and you do not know him, and you don’t know what happened?”   Tallulah’s eyes were dark and soulful, like deep pools of water that were still and quiet.  “I do not want to push, so I am going to get back over to my shop.  If you change your mind, I would be happy to call someone for you.  I do hope you are okay. Here is my card.”  Tallulah had managed to pull an old bent up business card with her information on it and handed it over to Meridian.  Tallulah began walking away across the street and back to her place.
Meridian took a glance at the card, and then she looked around at the street at all the people walking around.  She looked back at Tallulah who had just made it to her door, and she was again digging through her big purse looking for her keys.
Meridian dashed across the street. “Right, but the strange thing is you seem familiar to me too, but I don’t know how,” she said.
Tallulah smiled as she pointed at a sign on the door that read ‘Psychic readings by Tallulah’.  Meridian glanced up at the sign while Tallulah unlocked the door and walked in, leaving the door open for Meridian to follow.  Tallulah went through her living area straight to the kitchen and set her things down.   “I am the town psychic, and perhaps you came to me for a reading?  I know that you seem familiar to me as well, but I have done so many readings that I cannot always remember each person.”
“Maybe I did.  That could have happened.” Meridian walked in and took a look around.  Tallulah had an old light brown carpet on the floor that looked as though it had been well maintained.  Her walls were an old wood paneling job that were decorated with paintings of country fields and purple coneflowers.  Scents of lavender were heavy as Meridian continued toward the kitchen.  Tallulah’s table was small and decorated with a cheap linen cloth with red stripes with a centerpiece of large crystal quartz, set on a mirror with a crack in the center.
“Would you let me take you to the hospital to be checked to make sure that you are okay, at least?  I can try to help you find your friend, and maybe he can help you find your parents and family.  I am sorry I am not more help; I am uncertain what else I can do for you.”  Tallulah filled her teapot from the sink and moved over to heat it up on the stove.
“Hmm, I do not want to go to the hospital right now.  Is there something else I could do?  Do you have any more suggestions?”  Meridian dropped onto Tallulah’s large couch.  Sitting down, she scooted all the way to the back of the couch where her feet dangled off the ground.
“Sure, I could give you a reading on the house?  I may not be good at many things, but I am good at a reading - or so I am told.”  Tallulah’s eye’s twinkled in the light coming in from her large picture window.
Tallulah led the way into her favorite room - the reading room.  There were crystals placed throughout, and smudge sticks sitting on a shelf for customers to purchase.   A red curtain separated the living-waiting room from her small and private area for clients.    The charm hanging from the ceiling fan switch was two half-moons on either side of a moon with a Witch’s pentagram in the center, and Meridian walked over to the fan to reach up to touch the charm.
“That is my wind chime. I bought it while I went on a trip to Salem, Massachusetts… you know, for Halloween weekend. I always did enjoy going to Salem.  I have plans to go back this year.”  Tallulah attempted to hand Meridian a cup of tea, however, Meridian had not pulled her eyes away from the charm, barely taking notice of what Tallulah was sharing.    Her thoughts were interrupted by a divine scent that immersed through the air as Tallulah stood next to Meridian holding her tea.
“What is that wonderful smell?” Meridian looked into the cup and inhaled the steam floating away from the cup.
“Oh, that is chamomile tea.  I thought you would want a cup to warm you up.  Fall is certainly in the air.   I love to have my teas,” Tallulah said as she sat down at her table putting away her tarot cards. “Now, what can you remember about yourself?”
“I truly do not have a clue about my whereabouts or even where I come from. Judging by the way I am dressed, I look like I am going to a funeral, I guess?” Meridian looked down at herself and opened up her arms as she explained herself.  “Well, maybe not a funeral. I am sure I would wear a sweater over a shirt like this.”  Meridian pulled the end of her sheer black shirt that showed through to the black bra she was wearing underneath.  The only thing she had on over her tawdry shirt was a black leather waistcoat that barely zipped up over her large breasts.
“Well, you look like maybe you like gothic style, and there is nothing wrong with that.  It’s all right to be proud of your body. I mean, as long as you are comfortable with that kind of attention.   I see a lot of that with my clientele.  This little town is a wonderful place away from the bigger cities.  It is small enough that most people who have lived here a long time know each other. However, it is growing, so we do see new faces more frequently.  If you like the beach, we are just about an hour away, and there is plenty to do down at the boardwalk.
Meridian looked right at Tallulah. The psychic had jumped from her comment on Meridian’s wardrobe right into her sharing information on the area, but Meridian got hung up on Tallulah’s remark about her outfit. “Attention?  I don’t understand.”  Meridian took the seat across Tallulah’s reading table.
“Oh, now you have to know what kind of attention that you get.  I am sure all the guys must look at you.  I mean you definitely have the body to pull off your look well.  Don’t be ashamed.”    Tallulah didn’t give the raven beauty any time to respond, and she moved right on to what she knew she did best.  “So, let us do a reading and see what I can help you out with.”
Tallulah closed her eyes.  Soon she began to see images flash through her mind of Meridian and what she looked like as a guide.  She had platinum blonde hair and a glowing tattoo on her wrist that represented Infiniti.  She caught a glimpse of her own self and the woman she was reading back when Meridian, Relic and Caius came in to talk with her.  She remembered that day and how odd it was to have spirits talking to her in the way they were with their strange requests.  Tallulah could not get any more on Meridian, but she did see a glimpse of Aiden driving down his grandparent’s long dirt road to their home.  With his window rolled down and his rock music blaring, his long blond hair blew around with the wind and his bright smile spread across his face.  Tallulah opened her eyes, and she looked at Meridian with some confusion. She remembered the names of the guides, and it startled her that one of the spirits she had spoken to had the same name.
“What is it, Tallulah? Can you tell me anything?”  Meridian’s excitement did not give Tallulah another moment to collect thoughts any further.  She was leaning in and studying Tallulah’s face.
“Well, I got a flash of you, but you looked different. Can I see your wrist?”  As Tallulah examined Meridian’s wrist, the tattoo was there, but it was not glowing white like she saw in her mind, it was just a simple black tattoo of the infinity symbol.  Tallulah’s face showed her confusion, and Meridian was becoming just as confused.  “Meridian, did you dye your hair?  Or was it another color before?”
“What?  I don’t think so.” Meridian walked over to the mirror on the wall as she looked at herself.  “I would think that I have always had black hair and green eyes.”
“Well, in my vision I see you, but your hair is platinum blonde, and you still have green eyes, but they are a very light translucent green and they are very, well… deep would be a good word to describe them.  They do not look like any green eyes I have seen before, and the tattoo was glowing and a silvery color, not black like it is now.  The mark on your wrist seemed like a hologram that floated above your wrist, casting a dark silver or grey shadow, but it isn’t a shadow.  This is all very different, compelling, and strange.   I also saw a vision of a boy and wonder if this is your Aiden. He had blond hair, about shoulder length, and he was driving a black truck down a dirt drive to a farmhouse. That house looks like the one I pass on the way out of town, and I think this must be him.  This is very strange,” Tallulah repeated as she questioned herself.
Meridian continued to study her reflection.  Long, flowing jet-black hair and piercing green eyes. Her eyes were the only thing that made sense to her, but she still remained puzzled with her fuzzy memory, in contrast with what Tallulah said.  Meridian’s delight left, and her statue-like expression returned - accompanied by the slump she had carried when she and Tallulah had met on the street.  She plopped back down onto her seat at the table and put her head in her hands as she stared at Tallulah.
“Meridian, I was doing a reading last year for a client of mine, and I had to ask her to leave because I was getting some spirits making strange requests.  They spoke to me, and I could hear them, and their names were Caius, Relic and…Meridian.” Tallulah stopped as she saw Meridian’s face light up.  “They were Spirit Guides that watch over humankind.”
“Are you saying I am her?  I am Meridian a spirit?” Meridian’s voice drifted as she pulled a strand of her hair in front of her eyes, for a closer look.   “This makes no sense; how can I be a spirit and be here talking to you?”
“I don’t know, child.  This is the strangest thing that has ever happened to me, and trust me, I have had some strange experiences.  They were asking me about a Fairy Quartz stone and how to locate the family or persons who had it.  I never truly answered them; I asked them to leave.  I knew where the stone was, but I was afraid to say anything.” Tallulah took pause as she waited for Meridian’s reaction.
Meridian stood with her hand over her wide-open mouth, the shock evident in her expression. “Tallulah, I think I am her.  I remember… I remember being here and seeing you and the stone, but I have no idea why I needed it.  I am so confused, but this seems more like a dream I had. Nothing that would be realistic.”  Meridian walked over to the couch and sat down in disbelief of her own thoughts. “Maybe this is a dream, and maybe I don’t remember because I was in an accident or something?  I mean is not this backwards?  Shouldn’t it be a human goes on to the spirit world, not the other way around?”  Meridian looked to Tallulah for some semblance of comfort, but as she looked at the psychic, she did not find what she was looking for.  Instead, Tallulah appeared to be just as confounded as Meridian.
After much urging from Tallulah, the pair went down to the hospital for a full work up, and to make sure there wasn’t anything that they could find to piece together Meridian’s circumstance.  Tallulah had taken on quite a bit, and she questioned herself as to if this was really something she should be involved with.  After the hospital checked Meridian, and they saw no signs of trauma, Tallulah felt better knowing that at least physically, Meridian was okay.  The pair sat in the waiting room as they waited on more test results coming back from the lab.
“What else do we need to have tested?”  Meridian was impatient as she sat drumming her fingernails on the magazine that lay on her lap.
“Well, I have never had this happen to me either, but I think it makes sense that we have you checked out.  The next thing we will look at doing - if we can’t locate your family - is finding a place for you to stay.  There are shelters here for folks who have nowhere to stay.”  Tallulah sat with her large purse in her lap digging for her wallet so she could get a drink from the vending machine.  Meridian raised an eyebrow and smiled as she watched the digging.
“Why don’t you get a smaller bag?”  Meridian elbowed Tallulah gently and laughed.
“Why should I?  I like having what I need. It just takes me a while to get it!” she popped back at her new acquaintance.  Tallulah made her way to the vending machine, and as she was putting her change in, one of the doctors who had seen Meridian for her checkup approached with a clipboard and some papers.  Meridian stood and watched the pair visiting. Tallulah appeared confused as she shook her head several times and shrugged her shoulders as she responded to the doctor’s inquiries.  After a few more moments, the doctor, alongside Tallulah, walked over to where Meridian was sitting in the waiting area.
“Meridian, I have the results of another set of labs we ran, and I am troubled by some of the results we have uncovered.  It appears that you do not have a blood type.  No matter how many times we rechecked for errors, the results are always the same.  The strangest thing is, you seem fine, and there are no indications of anything that could be wrong with you.  I have no reason to hold you here, except by you volunteering to run some more tests.  Maybe there is something else that is going on with you that we have yet to uncover.  I seriously think you should come back for some additional testing. If you don’t want to do it now, you can go to the front with an order, and they can schedule it.”  Dr. Jones walked away leaving Meridian and Tallulah with an order to take for an appointment.
“I don’t want to do this!”  Meridian shouted at Tallulah.

Tallulah paused and looked around struggling with what to do.  “Okay, okay; calm down.  You and I both know that there is more to you than we can share with just anyone.  I am happy to know for the most part you are all right.  We can hold onto the work order for now.  I have some friends that may be able to help you, but you have to promise me that if for any reason we can’t uncover what we need to in order to satisfy your mystery, that you will come here and allow the staff here to take care of you.”  Tallulah’s tone was forceful.
“Well, it doesn’t sound like you are giving me an option.  I will only do so if they do not have a clue how to help me.  It sounds like to me I am being volun-told,” Meridian acquiesced with a guarded endorsement.   They left the hospital and found a shelter that Meridian was welcomed to stay in. Tallulah left Meridian there while making a few calls to help her out. One of those calls was back to her dear friend, Stephanie.  Tallulah was hopeful she could put Meridian to work while they worked out the young woman’s perplexing circumstance.








2

The fairy realm was more than back to usual; it was better.  With Selena being so content with having her book and quartz returned, she felt more empowered to do what she needed for her realm and the other fairies. Her daughter finally had the one she loved, and Relic appeared to be taking his new union with Luna quite well.  Time moved a little slower for them than on Earth, so everything that had happened with Talon and Meridian on the night of the prom was still very fresh in Relic’s mind.
“Relic, what is wrong?” Luna asked as she rolled over as they lay in bed.  She was lying nude beneath the sheets and still had a look of satisfaction in her eyes.  Her short, black messy hair told the story of what had just transpired before she engaged in any real conversation with her new husband, Relic.
“Nothing. I am fine.” Relic kept his back turned forcing his answer.
“Relic, you know that I know better than that. I know all this with Meridian and Caius is on your mind.  It is on everyone’s mind.  I know you care for her a lot, and I know that what my mother has done has not been fair to you, the other guides, and Talon.”
“Yes, I do still care about Meridian.  I just wished I could have reasoned with her before Warrick made it to Earth and cursed her.  Now she is down there, and there is no telling what will happen to her. I feel like I need to get back and try to make things right.  That psychic that we went to could hear us. I know it scared her, but I think I should head there.  Warrick has banned me from coming back to Etheria, and he has banned all of us involved from ever returning to Earth to look after our humans.  I know Charity will try to find a way to get Warrick out of power, but that will take too long, and I know that Arianna must be eaten alive with anguish.  She has lost Caius and now her daughter.  I have to go back.”  Relic sat up, got out of the bed, and walked over to get his clothes on. As he did so, he was admired by his new wife.  Relic was a tall and thin guide with long dark hair that hung just past his shoulders.  Always dressed fashion forward for where he came from, he certainly stood out in Etheria.
Luna was at odds not only with herself but also with her new husband. “I don’t want you to go without me.  We can go, and I can get Orion to go with us and help.  We can find Talon.  Maybe he knows where she is?”   Relic had feelings for Meridian, and even though Luna cared for her, it was hard to let her husband go back to find her with all that temptation.  Luna was still coping with the fact that it was a forced marriage and that Relic might not be reliable to remain faithful to his vows.  Luna wrapped herself in the bedsheets and walked over to Relic who was indulging in a drink he loosely called ‘fairy delight’.
As he gulped down the glass full of bright pink liquid that smelled of rose and a hint of lavender packed full of fairy potion, he tried to dismiss his wife’s direct request.  “So, did the fairies amplify the effects?  I feel the need to take your sheet off and go back to bed.”  Relic winked at his bride as he gulped down the last of his drink.  Luna stood quietly staring at Relic, giving the look that assured him she wasn’t playing any games.  Relic stopped and indulged her unspoken demand. “No, I am going alone.  I don’t need the fairies right now.  Your mother let the guides down as it is.  We went through hell, literally; to get her the book she just couldn’t exist without, and she promised to turn the fallen back, and look what she has done.  Not to mention forced vows.  I won’t stay here forever, Luna. I am sorry.”  Relic’s words struck into Luna’s heart, but she would not stop trying to hold onto something that she had always wanted.
“How long will you be gone?” Luna’s face saddened as she looked toward him with hurt in her eyes.
Relic remained distant and turned away. “I don’t know.  It depends.  I know I can find Meridian pretty easily. The problem is being able to communicate with her.  I am going back to the high school where it happened to see if I can find anything that will lead me to her.  I am hoping that maybe some of the guides will break Warrick’s rules and go looking for her, but I seem to be the only one in the realm, besides Meridian, who has issues with authority.  I guess I shouldn’t forget Talon.  Just wait here and do not follow me; this is something I need to do.”  Relic did not stay for Luna’s response, and he vanished into thin air.
Relic stood still in the high school parking lot where Warrick’s wrath took the one and only being he truly loved.  School was letting out, and all the kids were jumping into their vehicles. They were all leaving to get ready for a homecoming event.  It was a Friday afternoon, and all the students seemed excited about the prospect of another fall ball game.  Relic watched as everyone left the school as he tried to get a read on where Meridian may be.  He went back to Tallulah’s after having looked around at the high school.  He didn’t care what it took to get this woman to help him locate Meridian.
Back at Tallulah’s place, Meridian seemed to be feeling a little better with the psychic’s company.  In the short time that Meridian had come into contact with the woman, she had managed to help Meridian get a job across the street at the bar and also given her the other room upstairs over the main area of the building where she did her readings.   Meridian never having had worked a day in her life, much of the human’s world was overwhelming to her.  Understanding culture and the reason why things were done remained a mystery to her.   In many ways, Meridian was a child with her ignorance to the many adult situations that presented their selves.
Relic stood and watched Tallulah give a reading.  He listened to the thoughts of Tallulah as she connected with her new customer.  The right side of his smile was cocked higher than the left, and he raised a complimentary eyebrow to boot.  He snickered as he took in Tallulah’s thoughts and, with what he could hear running through her mind, he wondered how she could keep a straight face with this client.    It was not long though before a familiar voice interrupted his thoughts.
“Stephanie, I will be right back. I forgot to tell Tallulah to pick up some things for me when she goes shopping.” Meridian was shouting to the bar owner, her new boss, as she was walking across the street. 
 Relic was in disbelief as he watched the being he was so mesmerized with look and act so differently.  He walked right beside her as she walked in to talk to Tallulah.  Meridian was unaware of Relic’s presence, or so it seemed to him.  For a moment he was not even sure if he had the right Meridian, but as he gazed into her green eyes, it was not hard to know that he had found her.  Relic was not one to be easily shocked, however, he stood looking at her from head to toe, and his jaw remained dropped at what his eyes showed him. He felt pleasure and amazement at the transformation that Meridian had undergone, but as he stared at her in awe, he struggled with his own reaction to her.
“Meridian, what is it now?  You just started your new job, and you are already coming in too early.”  Tallulah had been sitting at the table and cut her dark eyes up in irritation.
“Oh, I know, but our trip is getting close, and I know that you are leaving to go get some things, and I wanted to see if you could pick me up some stuff for work and the trip?  I can pay you back,” Meridian pleaded.  “I know you are very busy, but I also wanted to make sure that we go out to the farm house you mentioned, at some point.  To see if there is anything that would lead us to Aiden?”
Tallulah paused, and with a sigh, she said, “Yes, we do need to go and see about Aiden.  We will do that before we leave for our trip.”  Tallulah rolled her eyes and waved her hand up toward Meridian who was standing over her at the table. “And I don’t need you to pay me back, child. I need you to get yourself to work.  What is it you need anyway?”
“Well, you see, I would like some more bar-appropriate clothing.  I know Stephanie was cool enough to lend me some shirts and jeans, but I was looking for something more me,” Meridian said with a coy and innocent smile.
Relic watched and smiled at Meridian as he continued to look her up and down.  Meridian was almost unrecognizable to him with her new wardrobe. She was dressed from head to toe in black with new leather boots that went over her knees.  The only part of her body that was not adorned in the color black, were her lips, drenched in red. There appeared to be some human ink written into her skin that he could see through her sheer shirt.  It was a tattoo that ran vertically down her side that only made an appearance through her shirt when she raised her arms.  Relic struggled to see what it said as Meridian used her hands to talk quite a bit.  Her up and down motion with her arms reminded him of the many times she would slap him for his sarcastic and most often inappropriate comments he was famous for dishing out.
“Meridian, we already went shopping, and besides, you will see things there that you will want, trust me.”  Tallulah gave Meridian a nod to get back to work.
For a moment, Relic stood around to listen to Tallulah’s thoughts.  Tallulah’s mind shifted from her client to her agitation toward Meridian.
“I swear, she may look like a grown woman, but she acts so childish.  Wait, wait, wait.  Stop being so hard on Meridian. She has been through things no other human could fathom and, never having been taught the ways of the world, I guess I should be more kind.  She is still so naïve.  I hope I haven’t taken on too much.  I have never been a mother, and now I feel like I am a mother to a newborn child in an adult’s body. A body that Meridian has been too free with.  She can’t understand these things; I feel awkward.  Do I have the talk with her about the birds and the bees?”
Tallulah’s random thoughts were interrupted as she snapped out of her own mind with an over-pronounced clearing of the throat coming from her new client.
Meridian dashed across the street to continue assisting the bar owner in taking down the chairs off the tables in anticipation for a busy Friday night.  “Stephanie, so who all will be working tonight?”  Meridian looked around the bar scoping the surroundings as she stood with a small smile and her arms crossed holding herself. 
“Well, there are a couple of guys I let work behind the bar, Joe and Steven.  They will get here around five this evening.  I have a group who work in the back cooking, and, of course, there is you and the other few girls that wait on our customers.  Now, this is a bar and a restaurant.  Being you are not twenty-one, and you don’t even have any identification, you are not allowed to serve alcohol.   I am doing this for you because Tallulah is a very dear friend of mine.  Anyway, you know the routine.  Just get one of the girls or the guys and they will get the drinks out.  Just smile, be polite, and take care of everyone.  Being as there aren’t many bars in town, it tends to get a little packed after ten at night on the weekends.  The college kids like to come over here and watch the bands play, and, of course, try to get alcohol. But that’s what I have Big Frank for.  He takes care of the problems around here.”  Stephanie was giving Meridian a crash course similar to the ones she usually handed to most of her staff.  
Stephanie had a ‘little woman’s complex’, so to speak - she was not short, but she was very thin and fragile, and her voice told of her horrible smoking habit that complimented her dry and wrinkled skin around her mouth from constantly having a cigarette in it.
“Big Frank?” Meridian’s eyebrows raised, and she paused to make sure she had heard Stephanie correctly.
“Yeah, Big Frank. Everyone around here just calls him B.F.D.  You know Big F-” Stephanie was interrupted by one of the girls coming in for her shift.
“Oh, you know, don’t make Stephanie say it.  She owns and runs a bar, but she hates cussing! Imagine that!”  The tall, pretty girl towered over Meridian as she put her hand out.  “Hi, I am Alexa, and you are?”  she inquired.
“She’s busy, that’s what, and you better be too.” Stephanie ordered Alexa to get a move on.  “Stay away from her, she is nothing but trouble,” Stephanie warned, turning to Meridian. “I swear she leaves with a new dude every night she works, and she wonders why she has the nickname ‘Alexa Sexa’, or whatever they call her.”  Stephanie walked away toward the back still hollering at Meridian.  “Finish getting those chairs down and then come back. I will get you an apron and a taser. You are going to need it.” Stephanie drifted off.
“What?  A taser?” Meridian hollered out.
“I am kidding, but you will need to get to know BFD and the other guys - unless you want to be Alexa?”  Stephanie winked and smiled as she disappeared back into the kitchen area leaving Meridian to her duties.
Meridian finished removing the chairs from the table tops she made her way to the kitchen.   Relic walked around the local bar examining the different pictures on the wall of those who frequented the place in search of a release in their daily life.  He could hear the sounds of laughter coming from the kitchen as the staff talked about the different frequenters of the bar and the fun times they had at work.   Meridian was adjusting quite well to her new human life, and in many ways, Warrick’s curse did not seem to be a curse at all.
The bar opened, and the usual visitors began to pour in - most of them were coming in from the city college.  Relic found a quiet spot to sit and observe the loud and would-be drunkards.  BFD stood watch at the door letting patrons in one by one.    The establishment smelled of liquor and greasy food trailed with a hint of cigarette aroma that trailed the people coming in from the back patio after a smoke.  Meridian buzzed around waiting on her tables looking frazzled at the pace of her new employment. 
Across the room, another presence made itself known to Relic as he stared from across the bar.  The all-too-familiar piercing eyes and dark red skin.  As they made eye contact, the pair drew closer to one another and a pair that initially did not see eye to eye did not need words, but with Relic, pointless banter was an art form, one art form that Talon was warming up to.
“I wondered if I would see you here.”  Relic smiled with relief of what his eyes told him.  “Okay, maybe I will regretfully have to admit…hoped is a better word to describe it.”  Relic was pompous, and the admittance of needing anything was beneath him.  The sheer notion of admitting need was like fire as the words left his lips.
“I knew I would see you somewhere close to her.” Talon smiled as he looked to the ground trying to hide his happiness at seeing his mouthy friend.   “As a matter of fact, it was only ever a matter of time.  You never were one to have a lick of respect for authority.”  Talon moved back to where he stood and began leaning up against the wall of the bar that was decorated with old mirrors, smudged from the fingers of happy patrons who had graced the mirror’s presence.  “Do they ever clean these things?”
Relic ignored Talon’s strange question. “Well, I am glad to see you; it has been a real bore in fairyland,” Relic smarted off as he cocked his head to move his dangling strands of hair away from his face as he strutted toward the fallen guide.
“Fairyland?  Wow, that bad?  So where is your bride?” Talon joined in the sarcastic banter.
“Well, I told her I needed to come alone to try to fix what her mother wouldn’t.”  Relic, feeling nostalgic, could not explain himself without some sort of remark that shed light on his real feelings.
“Such a deep feeling spirit guide.  So, ‘Mr. Deep’, have you planned out anything or did you just wing it?”  Talon was genuinely interested and delighted to hear anything Relic had to say. They both stood casually leaned up against the wall of the bar watching the humans have a good time.  Relic’s eyes wandered around the room as though uninterested in continuing the conversation on the current subject matter.
“Well, for starters, I am going to guess you have seen Meridian and noticed she doesn’t look or seem to be herself.  I am doubtful that she has discovered the true curse that Warrick cast upon her, and it may be some time before she figures it out.”  Relic watched Meridian bouncing around at her tables while she continued to get admiring glances of the male persuasion.
“So, what did Warrick have planned, and how do you know?”  Talon begged the question.
“I married a fairy.  A daughter of the Queen need I remind you.  I know a lot.  Being forced to marry someone for the benefit of my kind has allowed me to have my own benefits, and knowledge is power for sure.  What I gather from Luna is that he cursed Meridian for consorting with you and, of course, the infatuation with Aiden.  He cursed her to be a fallen demon like you. That did not work out, though.  Meridian is born of the realm and is different to a human coming to the realm after living their lives.  Realm-born guides do not curse as easily, even coming from Warrick.  She is now a human; however, she has a form of amnesia in that she cannot really remember any of us.    We don’t know how gifted Meridian truly was because she never had the chance to realize her full potential before it all went down.  She obviously remembers her name and somehow ended up back at the psychic’s place.  So, something is still there.  The other part of the curse is to do with the opposite sex.  Any man that Meridian becomes involved with, sexually, will die in a matter of hours, if it isn’t true love.  When I spoke to Luna, she was cryptic like her mother.   One thing is for sure, it was meant to never let her be with Aiden.”  Relic cringed as he awaited Talon’s reaction.
“What! That is insane! What is the point of that?  Is he trying to teach her some lesson?” Talon screamed as he pulled himself off the wall as though the deliverer of the message was the curse caster himself.
“I am glad no one can hear us.  You aren’t going to go Jekyll and Hyde, are you?  Let me get to another realm before that starts.” Relic was hoping the humor would calm Talon down.  “Look, there has to be some way to get Meridian back, and then there is no need to worry about the curse.  Besides, didn’t Aiden go away to college out of town?”  Relic watched Talon calm as he considered the question.
“Yes, he did, and that is a good thing, but he will come home to visit, and they are doomed to run into each other.”  Talon looked at Meridian as she hurried by with a tray of empty glasses.
“Well, we will have our work cut out for us then. And it may be just us.  Warrick has banned the others from coming to Earth at all.  I am hoping Kieren will get back to his rebellious self and also get here looking for Meridian.  We need him; he may be the only real way we can keep Meridian from Aiden for now.”  Relic put his arm around the fallen one as they left the bar.  “C’mon, man, let’s get out of here and go somewhere else.  Besides, it’s getting late, and the later it gets, the more intoxicated these idiots become and the more likely you are to start hurling people across the bar.


3

Kieren, although had previously got Warrick’s go-ahead to live at the palace headquarters with Meridian and Arianna, didn’t seem to think it was such a good idea anymore.  Arianna and Charity were missing.  Ridge stayed away. Hidden as they awaited any word from the guides at the palace as what to do.  Cora and Janus had suffered similar punishments and were serving a small sentence for aiding the prison break when Caius and Arianna broke free.  That was the rumor.  Chance had been put in prison for treason, and there was no telling when he would be pardoned. Kieren, feeling brave, went down to the prison where he hoped to find a helpful friend.
“Kieren, what are you doing down here? You know if Warrick catches you it will be straight to the hall of souls you go.”  Chance’s question was indeed something of a cloak for an understated demand that he should leave.   Chance looked past Kieren from his cell.  His eyes shifted relentlessly with the expectation of being caught.
“I know that, but we can’t just sit around here and do nothing to get Meridian back!” Kieren snapped. “No help from the fairies, and not a word from Relic either - who supposedly cared about Meridian.  Now he just flocks around living the high life.” 
	“Look, I seriously doubt Relic is enjoying himself that much. Besides, it was a forced marriage, and the entire reason he was banned from here is the same reason you will probably see him again and soon.  Relic hates authority, and that is the one thing that drives him, and, of course, the female persuasion. Trust me, that union, it won’t last.  I am willing to bet we all will have to go clean up that mess he makes when he pisses Selena off when he rips her daughter’s heart out,” Chance coolly lectured Kieren.
“So, what are you going to do, just sit in here?”  Kieren retorted.
“Well, I am in here for breaking others out, so it isn’t a stretch to assume I am lucky I am still in existence. So, yes. I am just going to sit here.”  Chance had hoped his words made some reasonable sense to the fired-up guide wanting his love back.
“I am not waiting around. I am going to get the hell out of here and go get Meridian back!” Kieren shouted.
“Good luck with that. She won’t know you or even be able to hear you,” Chance hollered out at Kieren who had begun to stomp away to leave the prison. Kieren paused at Chance’s statement.  He turned around and marched back to the cell where Chance was seated, on the floor not paying any mind to Kieren’s heightened reaction.
“What do you know, man; look at you.” Kieren’s words were ignorant and harsh.
“That is right. I have been in Etheria for hundreds of years, watched over you as your protector when you were human… you are right, what do I know?”  Chance looked up to Kieren with his squinted eyes.  His face flushed red.   “Get out! If you want to screw up your existence for yourself and to the detriment of Meridian, go ahead. But I will have no part in your ignorant plan.  It amazes me that you managed to make it to Etheria.  To be a guide, a human must learn their lessons on Earth.  It is clear that you have not.”  Chance was finished talking and turned his back on Kieren who stood silenced by Chance’s words.
The scene was not too different at Ridge’s place a little later with the exception there were some missing guides.  Kieren left Chance and went over to Ridge’s place.  Kieren was somber, even with the look of defeat, he was still hopeful.
“Kieren, I am surprised to see you.” Ridge’s face was as happy as it was surprised.
“Well as you know what has happened, I can’t bring myself to stay there any longer with all that is going on. I have to get back to Earth and get Meridian back.  I can’t just sit here and wait around for help.  I love her, and before she was sent away, I believe that we could have been together.  This curse is a punishment not just to her, but to all of us who care for Meridian.
“Kieren, I cannot go and risk everything.  Look. We all tried, and we risked all we had to in order to try to set things right, and I believe in a way we did set some to rights.  I know it may be hard to accept, but, in most cases, when there is turmoil, very rarely does one side have a total victory.  There is never a cut and dry win.  This was merely a stepping stone.  Charity realizes what Warrick is now, and that is a lot and not to be taken lightly.  Caius was doomed with Warrick in power anyway, and even if we can get Meridian back, Warrick will just hold her hostage. What good will that do?  Right now, we need peace and some time to sort things out.  Until then this is what we have.”  Ridge’s words were like a razor to Kieren’s heart.











4

Luna’s bright translucence, normally alluring to look at, didn’t seem so bright anymore.  Her face was solemn, flushed red as her forehead was wrinkled with anger.  After Relic’s harsh words stirred her deepest emotions, she expeditiously went to find her mother, the Queen, and found her smugly and selfishly enjoying herself with satisfaction.
“Orion, isn’t this wonderful?  I have everything I want, and my daughter does too. I can’t imagine things getting any better than this.”  Selena grinned with selfish delight in her own words.  The moment called for a time when some would prop their feet up and pat themselves on the back for a job well done, but not Selena.  She would be too good for some extension of graciousness to herself.
“Well, I can imagine things getting worse if you do not do what you said you would do to help the guides, Mother!”  Luna dashed in interrupting her mother.  Orion stood silently as the heated exchange was on the cusp of getting scorching between the feisty and fierce Fairies.  Selena rose to her feet without hesitation.  Her mysterious eyes swirled with colors of amber and emerald green around her cat-like pupils.  Her thin rose lips pursed to the point of disappearing act as her jaw locked.
“Luna!  What is this?  You have what you want!” Selena shouted back.
“No, I don’t!  You forced Relic into this, and I only went along with it so the guides could be relieved of your debt!  Relic only went along with it for the same reason.  He
does not want to be with me, and I doubt he has any respect for me.  I know he does not have respect for you!”
	“Luna, calm down.  Why should it matter how you got what you want as long as you have it?  My child, you will never make it here with this sympathy.  In order to lead you have to take what you want and move on,” Selena lectured.
“Mother, if that is leading then I don’t want to be a leader!  I want someone to want to be with me, and now because of your greed, I have lost what could have been mine the right way. You have ruined everything.”  Luna began to cry. “I am not like you…” She threw her delicate arms up above her shoulders as she slumped in discouragement of her mother.
“Luna, this is how things are, and there is no changing it.  We cannot help the guides with Warrick in power, and you know that.  We can’t worry about everyone else; we can only worry about ourselves.  I have existed for thousands of years, nothing in this universe has ever changed, and you can’t survive trying to help everyone else.”  Selena was desperate to get the attention of her upset daughter, and it was clear she was losing the fight.  
Selena moved off the steps that led up to her grand seat in the chambers and stood over her daughter.  Her face softened, and she reached to Luna as though to embrace her, but Selena was hesitant as she could see the rushing anger swimming in her daughter’s eyes. Luna kept her hands raised to keep a border between her and her mother.
“Mother, if you do not fix this then I am leaving.  I will find somewhere else to go and live out my existence.  I cannot do this anymore.  My husband is off on Earth looking for Meridian to try to fix what you failed to, and he doesn’t even want me to go because of you!  I don’t know when he will be back, and I know if he comes back he won’t stay with me.”  Luna was turning to walk away.  Selena began walking swiftly after her with her arm out as though she was reaching for a ghost.  Luna turned her back to walk away but was momentarily stopped.
“Wait!  Luna, I know how you feel.  I used to be so much like you.  I am only looking out for our kind.  I know you are disappointed.  What else would you have me do?”
Luna turned around to face the disappointment of her mother both physically and figuratively, but with one last request for a beacon of hope, she found the demand that she was too afraid to let out a time ago, left her lips as easily as it was to tell Relic she loved him.
“I want you to do what you promised and help the guides, and that starts out by you turning the fallen back to guides, so they can take back Etheria.”  Luna demanded it, and she was not backing down.  If there is one thing in her existence that Selena could not handle was losing her only daughter.  Silence fell between the two as Luna awaited Selena’s response.
“Okay, Mother, have it your way, I am gone!”  In a flash, Luna disappeared.
“She will be back.  Just wait,” Selena said to Orion.  Orion seemed to be even taller than usual in Selena’s eyes as he stood over her. As she took her seat, she refused to make eye contact with her strongest and closest advisor. She felt small, useless and vulnerable. Not anything Selena was used to feeling and looking at Orion’s face would seal in the reality she would like to avoid facing.
Luna quickly created her portal to Earth and went to the only place she knew she could find Relic to tell him what was in her heart.   She knew this was the only way to start to put things back together the right way. With or without her mother’s help.
Luna made it right outside Tallulah’s place. It was dark with no one around.  Across the street, Meridian was working, so Luna went inside the palm reader’s place to see if she could find any clues.
“What are you doing here?” Relic had been sitting on the couch in Tallulah’s waiting room where Talon and Meridian had spent a long evening getting to know one another before everything took a turn for the worst.  The dark red couch stood out even in the darkness of the room.    Relic had been holding a pillow in his lap, resting his long arms across it and fidgeting with his fingers.
“Oh, yes, I was looking for you. I can see you found Talon.  Where is Meridian?” Luna was on a mission as she stood over Talon who had taken a seat at the kitchen table looking out the window for any indication of Meridian.
“Why do you care?” Relic was displeased to see Luna, and he could not understand why the one person he had rejected would care enough to help him find a spirit guide who he was in love with.  The one spirit guide that had always just seen him as a friend and nothing more.  Yet still the one in Relic’s mind he was destined to be with.
“Look, I know you don’t want to be married to me, and I can’t blame you.  I also don’t blame you for hating my mother.  I walked out, left, and I am not going back,” Luna spouted.
“What are you crazy?” Relic shouted at his wife.  “Your mother will have it in for the both of us and besides, where are we going to go?  Wait… what did you say?” Relic rose to his feet to look into Luna’s eyes, her beautiful eyes that resembled deep, blue pools. He was in disbelief.  “You want to help me?” Relic began to pace, folded his arms and broke contact with Luna.
“We can stay here on Earth and get to work to get Meridian back.”  Luna watched Relic’s face as she said the words he needed to hear.
“You are willing to do that?”  Relic raised his chin and his eyebrows, giving his face a more relaxed composure, a sense of relief.
“Yes, I will do it for you.  I love you, Relic.  I know that just because I love you, doesn’t mean you feel the same. I can’t allow this to go on. I want you to be with me because you want to, not because you have to.  It ends here and now.  I know it is just us three, but I think we can find a way out of this.”  
With a hesitance, he allowed his fairy wife to join them.  He was writhing with guilt to be this close to someone he knew he would hurt.
“Well, the bar is getting ready to close, and Meridian will be off work.  So, it looks like a waiting game for us, at least for now,” Talon said as the door opened, and Meridian came walking in, but she was not alone.
“Apparently finding Aiden isn’t her top priority,” Talon wised off.
Meridian had a customer with her from the bar, and he was one of the rowdy college guys that came by on occasion.  “Hey, I will just be a minute. I need to leave a note for Tallulah in case she gets back before I do!”  Meridian shouted from upstairs as her new friend waited.
Meridian was upstairs freshening up her look and gave no care to leaving with total strangers.  Meridian was new to being human; she did not have either responsibility to herself or any self-respect.  The joy all this attention she had garnered brought was something new to her - along with all the feelings that she allowed to lead her in her new human existence.  The feelings that washed over her with every moment spent with a cute guy was an anecdote for the feelings she had been missing…subconsciously.  
Meridian had not connected the meaning of her actions and the message she was sending to the men who had their way with her.  Tonight, after the bar, was like any other night where she would go off and spend some time with a stranger.  This night, in particular, would bring a little more enlightenment for the spunky ex-spirit guide.  The distinction that Meridian had not connected was, the men she spent time with never came back or even called her again.  Fueled by the high of any attention she could garner, and a need to fill a black hole that her curse gave her, Meridian naïvely continued her thoughtless and destructive lifestyle. For now, anyway.
Meridian skipped downstairs like a child on their birthday.  The pair left the house and headed back over to the bar where her new gentlemen friend had parked his car.  His other buddies were waiting in the car.
“If you are going to follow Meridian, I think I will take Luna with me to check in on Aiden on his campus to see how he is.  We will meet you back here at sunrise.”  Talon and Luna were gone in a flash, and Relic took off to follow Meridian, leaving the palm reader’s house empty and quiet.

5

Meanwhile, just about an hour away, two best friends in their first year of college were in their dorm room.  Their room was decorated with posters from all their favorite rock bands on one side of the wall - that made the distinction it was Aiden’s side of the room. Chris’s wall was decorated with his favorite country music singers.  The best friends could not have been more opposite in music tastes. However, the glue that held them together was their longtime friendship since elementary school. 
“Man, would you turn that crap off!  I am trying to sleep here, and I can’t do it with you blaring your music!” Chris sat up and smiled as he threw his pillow at Aiden who had his music turned up as he sang and jammed out packing up his bags.
“Okay, yes I know. I am just having a hard time winding down is all.   I am a little homesick and can’t wait to get home. Why don’t you come along?” Aiden asked as he laughed and tossed the pillow back at Chris’s head.
“I can’t this trip, I have to work, and there isn’t any way out of it.”  Chris paused and lost his smile.  “I wish I could go.  You and I have some fishing to catch up on. On the other hand, I thought you and Amy might like some alone time together?”  Chris was lying in his bed staring at the ceiling.
“I doubt she is coming home this weekend from her school.  The drive is further for her, and I got a message from her saying she had to work.  So, it looks like I am going to go solo.”  Aiden was clearly disappointed at not having his best friend go along.  Aiden got in bed and continued to talk to Chris in their dark dorm room.  “With the holidays getting closer, we all will get to go back home soon together and have some fun.  Get some sleep I will see you in the morning, buddy.”  Aiden turned over and fluffed his pillow.  He then lay there a moment with a coy smile to himself.  He sat up, reached down on the floor where he placed his extra pillow and picked it up.  “I am going to hold this against you anyway…you not coming with me.”  Aiden laughed as he threw a pillow back at Chris.
Chris’s back was turned to Aiden as he lay facing the wall. “Yeah, I know.  I’m always in trouble with someone,” he replied with a hint of humor in his voice.
The pair may have felt as though they were alone laying in their beds as they drifted off to sleep, but not too far away outside the dorm was Aiden’s father and fallen, Talon, alongside Luna.
“I always liked watching him sleep.  He always seems so peaceful.  That seems to be about the only time I feel it is safe to be close to him.   It’s been a little lonely with all of you gone.  Meridian does not seem to be able to remember much from what I can tell, except she is still looking for Aiden.  Tallulah has tried to do readings on her several times without much success,” Talon explained to Luna as the pair moved away from the dorm.
“How do you always know how to find us or them?”  Luna asked.
“I get a feeling and a vision, a lot like it was when I was a guide, knowing something without being able to explain.  I guess similar to a human with psychic abilities.  Have you ever heard a psychic be able to explain exactly how they know things?”  Talon rhetorically asked the inquisitive fairy.
The pair only had to make it across the campus to where Meridian and her new group of friends were.  Apparently, the boys she left with, by coincidence, went to the same school as Aiden.   There was a party going at one of the dorms. The group was laughing as they made their way inside with Relic close behind.
“Well, it looks like she is getting cozy now, doesn’t she?” Talon wised off to Relic.
“Please, this won’t last long, he isn’t her type,” boasted Relic.
“As though you are?”  Talon snickered as he poked at the boisterous guide.
“Ah, yes. I mean look at him.  He is just a baby.”  Relic’s jealousy was something new to him, and he was not doing a good job of hiding it.
Meridian had not taken long to get cozy with the men that passed through the bar where she worked. She appeared to be happy with this life and was fitting into it seamlessly with Tallulah’s help.  Relic watched as she drank and laughed with the guys who had escorted her into the party.  It was getting loud with the influx of college students.   It didn’t take long for the guy who was smitten with Meridian to take her by the hand and lead her back to one of the vacant rooms at the dorm.  As they walked down the hall, Relic followed closely and could not bring himself to walk away.  Luna broke away from Talon and followed her husband in sadness as she watched him worry over Meridian.
Meridian and her new love interest disappeared into the dorm room, and just as Relic was about to let himself in, he was surprisingly stopped.  “Relic, please.  Do not go in there.  I know we have an agreement, but it is still hard for me and will be harder on you to know what is happening.  Just walk away and come back with me. We can go back, sit outside, and wait for Meridian to leave and then go back to Tallulah’s.” Luna touched Relic’s shoulder in a light but serious manner as she slowly squeezed his shoulder with her fingertips.   He stopped, looked down, and with a sigh, turned and faced the fairy.  Without a word, he walked away with Luna as she tried to comfort him.  Meanwhile, Talon was standing outside the dorm to get away from all the craziness that was going on.
“Let’s just get back to Tallulah’s.  We know Meridian will be back soon, so there is no need for us to be here.”  Relic pouted as he walked away in front of Luna and Talon. As he walked, the sun was rising over the horizon, and the birds could be heard chirping away at those last but noticeable sounds as they prepared to head south for the winter.  
“I always loved that sound; it gave me peace.  Life and all the wonderful things I remember as a human.”  Talon shared his feelings with his sidekick.  “I am sure if Meridian were here she would ask all kinds of questions about what it was like.  Now it feels strange to not have her around but know that the things that she was the most curious about she is getting to see for herself.”  Talon trailed off in his own thoughts.
The group had made it back, and Tallulah was up with her usual routine of coffee and her quiet time at the table as she pondered the day. Relic and Luna sat and watched the people of the town walk and get their Saturday morning off to a start.
“Talon, last time we were here, Tallulah told us to get out and was no help at all.  We cannot be sure that this won’t happen again.”  Relic was walking around Tallulah’s reading room feeling nostalgic the first time they made a connection with Tallulah.
Tallulah kept looking at her watch and the morning was getting late.  “She is worried,” Luna stated as she watched Tallulah.
“It is taking her a while to get here; I think maybe we should go back.  Besides, Tallulah is leaving for her trip.   It is that time of year again - Halloween. Luna, come with me, and we will get back over to the dorm.”  Relic made Luna happy with the request.  The trio were back at the campus in moments.  Police and ambulance vehicles were near the campus, and a crowd of students were standing around in a street around the campus. 
“What is going on?”  Relic rushed through humans crowding around a horrific scene of what appeared to be a car accident.
Luna walked over, and they walked right through the crowd that was around a hurt college kid.  Right next to him crying and in shock was Meridian.  “What is happening?”  Luna shouted.
“I knew the curse would begin soon after; I had no idea it would happen so quickly.”  Relic hung his head down.  As Meridian remained close to the hurt boy lying in the middle of the street, she was frozen with shock and fear.    
Relic, the Fairy and the Fallen witnessed the boy’s soul leave his body.  The bright, golden, translucent ball of light emerged up from the dead boy and ascended into the sky.  As they looked up and around, the appearance of ghosts stood in silence watching as his soul ascended into the air and disappeared.
“Where do you think he went?”  questioned Talon.
“I can’t say,” replied Relic. “He could have gone to Etheria or on to live another life.  It seems one way or the other he did one of the two.  If he were to have been lost, another apparition would have emerged. You of all of us should know that.”  Relic added to the fallen with doubt in his voice.  “The ghosts gather around sometimes in curiosity that’s all.”  Relic turned and walked to get away from the madness.
Talon stood and watched a few moments longer before he followed along. “Yeah, I should know, but I have not ever actually witnessed the dark one’s taking a bad soul to the dark realm.  I still try to avoid it all.  I see more of the ghosts with the places I go.  I feel that I can relate to the ones who are trapped and unable to make the choice to move on.  I did not get a choice. However, I am a lost soul.” Talon’s voice shifted to a whisper as though he didn’t want to hear the sounds of his own reality that Warrick had cast upon him when he learned of Talon and Farrah’s involvement with one another.
As the guides and Talon walked away from the scene of the accident, Meridian was approached by the authorities and was being questioned. Whatever happened to him was quick and unexpected.  “What do you think did it?”  Talon’s curiosity was taking over.
“I don’t know.  Maybe a car hit him or something.  This is a strong curse, and Meridian does not have a clue what she is in for.  If there is anything in her that is left, she will take this hard. If we don’t get her out of here, the dark ones will be attracted to whatever negative energy ensues her.  Let’s go.  We can try with Tallulah.”  They were gone in a flash.
Tallulah had packed up her bags and written Meridian a letter telling her to get to Salem as soon as she could, so they could enjoy their trip. 
 “We should just follow her up there, so we can keep up. Meridian will be there at some point.”  Relic was leading the way, and the three followed Tallulah out as she headed for the airport.

	New Paranormal Series
Expected 2020


www.mdfryson.com
To learn more about the author
Twitter   @madelyn_fryson
Book bub
 https://www.bookbub.com/profile/m-d-fryson
















































