
   





Midnight’s Song

By Keely Victoria


















This is a work of fiction. All characters, incidents, and dialogues are products of the author’s imagination and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Copyright 2015 © Keely Victoria

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

No part of this work may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means – electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise – without prior written permission. 

Midnight’s Song

Part One: Crystal Seas 
1 | Before the First Touch of Sunlight
2 | Nightmare
3 | Mourner’s Music
4 | A Proposition
5 | The Hard Season
6 | A Deal by Forgery
7 | The Devereaux Estate
8 | Prim and Proper
9 | Gentlelady
An Open Door
10 | Lady Lessons
11 | Golden Cage
12 | Mysteries
13 | Notes
14 | Courting Horses
15 | Battle of Wits
The Other World
16 | Secrets
17 | From Dust 
18 | Pearls
19 | Masquerade
20 | Midnight’s Song
21 | Tensions
22 | Alone with the Devil
23 | Rescued
24 | Sealed With a Kiss
25 | Entwined
26 | Emily’s Secret
27 | Candlelit Path
28 | Dark Mirrors
29 | Doors
30 | Kiss of Death
31 | The Flight
The Price of Darkness
32 | The Ring
33 | Take Me
34 | Trapped
35 | Mazes
36 | Fallen
37 | Breath of Life
38 | Mouse-Hearted Child
39 | Where the Scarlet Lilies Bloom
40 | Lovers Lost in Time
41 | Fiery Heart
Chapter the Last
EPILOGUE
	








Part One:
◊
Crystal Seas



1 | Before the First Touch of Sunlight



	Dawn’s first light still hadn’t crept over the horizon when I found myself standing at the foot of the ocean that morning. I stood there alone, meditatively waiting to see the first hints of sunrise. This place was a completely different world before the sun’s rays poked across its shimmering sands. Each watery ripple reflected the moon as crystal. Even the waves seemed calmer – more rhythmic than those of the daylight. 
	It was something that calmed me, and had kept me coming here almost every morning since I first discovered the enchantment of this most deserted hour. I dipped my toes into the cool morning surf, took in a breath of the salty air. It delighted me to my very core; for I was a fisherman’s daughter. No more, and no less.
	And today was no ordinary day, either. Today I was out here for good reason. You see, my Papa had been gone for many weeks now; and today was the day that he was coming home. My bones rattled with joy and excitement as I imagined him sailing into view during the early morning hours – his crew happily soliciting me to sing to them as they unloaded their catch at the docks. Today also marked another occasion, I realized. 
	It was now one full season until my 16th birthday.
	I felt a small shiver crawl up my spine at the thought. I shook it off, telling myself that there were better things to worry about. Somehow, I convinced myself to forget about my troubles and replace them with what I could see and feel around me. My soul soaked it all in like a sponge, taking in every salty breath. Sure enough, the worries soon began drifting into the far reaches of my mind. That was a good thing, temporarily. 
	If there was one thing I knew that always made me feel safe and calm other than the rhythmic, nighttime waves; it was the unexplainable feeling that came from surrounding myself with human singing. No matter where I was or what path I chose, the world would always have music contained within its bounds. I opened my mouth, feeling safe and at home in the gentleness that shrouded me; and began singing a song that my mother had taught me long ago:

A world of crystal seas and crimson moon
Of blood-red roses and lives anew
Where the scarlet lilies bloom
Under the midnight sky…”

	It was a beautiful song all itself, but the lyrics were captivating and even sacred. Some say that the words were passed down from our ancestors; from before even the Great War. Many of my very superstitious people thought them to be supernatural. 
	The words were a folkloric prophecy. It was a poem passed down many generations along with dark tales of powerful beings walking among us; monsters disguised in human skin. They were the talk of every communal fire in our village. Parents often used these types of tales to scare their children into behaving. Although there was something about these stories that never quite affected me as did everyone else. The parts which frightened most didn’t scare me at all as a child – instead often intriguing me. 
	There was nothing to believe, I told myself, digging my toes into the sand. Believing in such tales always seemed just about as logical as believing in mermaids or selkies. Those had been clearly disproven, yet credulous seafarers and old wives would go to their graves believing. My people were a very superstitious bunch.
	My deep thought was suddenly interrupted by a sound that was utterly terrifying. It was the intercoms. They let out four shrill beeps, loud enough to rouse anyone from the deepest sleep. After the beeps, there was a thirty second pause. Then came four more. 
	Light continued spreading across the horizon. I knew I didn’t have much time before I ran into the deepest of trouble. Just a few feet away stood the cottage; its painted exterior flaky and worn from years of being caressed by the costal breeze. It wasn’t even really a “walk” at all really. It was more like a step – perhaps two. Though it wasn’t the distance I was concerned with. 
	From the hours 10:45 PM to 6:55 AM, public trespassing was prohibited. It didn’t matter if you were standing in the town square or standing in your back yard. Everyone in our sector had a strict lock-down curfew. The alarms had sounded – meaning that the morning call was only 2 minutes away. If I wanted to keep my back-end intact, I would have to sprint.
	I climbed up our porch and wrapped a hand around the doorknob; but before I even so much as cracked it open, I took a step back. In the faint light of the dawn, I could see the outline of a single blossom beginning to bloom in the garden beneath our windowsill.
	The sight stopped me dead in my tracks. The bed I was looking at was so infertile that it couldn’t support a simply vegetable garden. To think – something could grow here? I reached out to touch the bloom and laced my fingers around its petals in astonishment. 
	The moment was halted again. Time was clearly of the essence. The morning call rang loudly throughout the village. Every citizen in the village that had been deemed fit to work opened their doors in a uniform chorus. The group included most everyone; friends, neighbors, and my weary mother. 
	It was law that every working citizen was to emerge from their home, fully dressed in their grey work attire at exactly 7:00 every morning. For some reason that neither I or anyone else could ever pinpoint, it was also law that after they step out they were to remain in place for exactly 120 seconds after the final call. Long enough to remind them of their duty to society, I guessed, or maybe just long enough to remind them of their place.
	In those 120 seconds I was frozen with them. I crouched in the garden for a few seconds, my petite frame going unseen beside the porch. I heard an inspector approaching and panicked. I jumped up and surveyed my surroundings, locking eyes with my mother. The lines on her face, representing both age and worry, were clearly defined. She moved her eyes in the direction of the window as if to say: jump, and jump fast. 
	Without hesitating, I climbed through the window and landed on the kitchen floor. I heard the inspector’s clinking boots getting closer before coming to an abrupt stop. He stopped at the door, suspiciously examining my mother. He saw just as clearly as I could that she was docile and worn; weary from the many years of slave labor she’d been forced to work by the Magistrate. She couldn’t possibly be a troublemaker, they realized. The clinking boots carried along.
	After the 120 seconds, there was a resounding bell. That was everyone’s cue to leave their places and go to work. Just like that, my mother walked with the hoard to the cannery. She went off to work while I sat on the kitchen floor.
	 I wasn’t allowed to hoist a sail or even operate a single lever. This was my bargain with society. I was one inch too short to work in any of the manual trades. Since those were the only kinds of trade we had in the Katie Isles, it really meant that I considered too short to do most anything at all.
	Even though I couldn’t have gone with her that day, later on I’d still wish that there was something I could have done differently. If I would have known, I would have spent the entire night sleeping at her side. I only wish that I could have kissed her goodbye.
	But, I was unaware of this right now. My mind suddenly whirled back to the sight of the flower. The light had grown to shroud the Earth, and now I could see it clearly. I poked my head out the window. This time, I could tell that it was no ordinary flower, either. 
	It was a single white lily; having fully bloomed before the first touch of sunlight. 
	



2 | Nightmare


	The news came from the factory late that morning. Papa had arrived home only minutes earlier. I had been sitting at the kitchen table, listening to Friday’s mandatory radio broadcast from the Magistrate’s grand palace as I worked toward perfecting my naturally pitiful knitting. (Pretty much the only petty “work,” that a girl of my size in this caste was allowed to do at all). 
	I took in the leader’s words in stride, keeping in mind that his influence over me was only about as potent as the faulty box that his words came out of. Even though I wished I could turn it off I still had to listen. All of the channels were broadcasting this same message right now. As if that didn’t make us balled and chained to his authority enough, if I turned the radio off the whole world would surely know. The angry airwaves would alert patrolling guards to haul me away for perpetrating an illegal silence.
	“Keep in mind, dearest citizens,” the Magistrate stated as the start of his customary but drawn-out closing, “that as survivors of the Great War, our generation is chosen by the Creator himself. Our ancestors marred their own society. It is important that we reject the evils that they unleashed into their world in full. You all fully know what these evils are. They are things such as slander, superstition, and the darkness of all worldly debauchery.” 
	He went on to explain again, as he did every week; that what our ancestors did in respect to these great sins is the very thing that made us who we were in the present day. Then he proceeded to once again remind us, that as our constitution states; although we were all chosen by the Creator to have survived the Great War, we were not all of equal favor in his eyes. 
	Let me explain this logic. The descendants of the “do-gooders” of the revolution and a number of royals were of the 2nd and 3rd castes. These people had been granted a life of luxury comparable to only the Magistrate himself. The descendants of the rebels were of the 14th and 15th castes. These people were the lowest of the low. 
	They were only a few grades higher than dirt, sentenced to a life of silent servitude to the descendants of the ones that their ancestors “marred.” We were of the 10th caste, manual laborers in the 4th general working class. From birth to death, and with no way to move up – only down (unless you were a special case). The sins of our forefathers were the things that determined our place in society. Nothing more, and nothing less.
	 “Thank you dearest citizens, workers, and friends. Work hard to serve your people today, tomorrow, and every day. Whatever outlet you may be watching or listening to this through; I wish you many blessings and great prosperity in your life and family for the greater good of our country.” 
	Finally, he signed off. I let out a massive sigh of relief. Timed nearly perfectly with the end of the miserable broadcast was the sound of the door hinge creaking. Suddenly, the door flung open and I leapt to my feet in excitement. My father was home. 
	“PAPA!” I shouted, running into his arms like the little girl that I still was. 
	“Lissie!” He shouted at the same time, happily taking me in his embrace. A few seconds later my petite frame was airborne as he picked me up and twirled me around in his big, brawny fisherman’s arms. When I came to a stop and the room ceased its spinning, I took note of the warm, lively expression on his ruddy, bearded cheeks. “How I’ve missed my dear Elissa!”
	His words came with that same accented lilt that my mother and I had grown so accustomed to. It was one that a few others from the ships had, simply because in our region we had seafarers from just about every place. While I was amused with it, my mother was enchanted by it. My father’s smooth, flowing words were part of the reason my mother had been so attracted to him in the first place. 
	Or as he would often say: “It was a bit of luck, a few soft serenades and a great deal of love.”
	That bit of luck would have to be whatever feasible force could’ve driven my parents together in the midst of being separated by 7 largely divided castes. The love was the willingness of my mother – out of the feelings from an emotion that no scientist can still fully explain – to forfeit her title as the heiress apparent of one of the wealthiest families in the country and give up any claim to the family inheritance just so that she could be with him. 
	It was quite the scandal, really. 
	This love compelled her to move down from the 3rd caste to a member of the lowly, labor-driven 10th. It compelled her to move down, knowing of all the risks and sacrifices. Knowing that she would face a reality outside of the comfort she had known for her entire life. She realized in all certainty that after one year she would be fully excommunicated from her caste and her family, unallowed by law to see them or partake in any of their affairs. As a member of the 10th caste, she also knew that she’d be expected to work in their same, dark, dusty factories for the rest of her days.
	And she was also well aware that only one child was allowed to come from this union. 
	A child that at 16 years of age; would be legally presented with a choice. On her 16th birthday, this child would have to appear before a judge. Then this child would be presented with the choice to remain a part of the same, desolate life that her mother had chosen – or to abandon it and take her mother’s place in the higher caste. 
	Should her daughter stay, she would face a life of hardship. Should she go – she would be whisked away to a life of comfort. But, it was comfort that came at the cost of never seeing her parents ever again. The price of never seeing my parents again. 
Yet, there was something beautiful about the life that she chose. Although hard, there was love. I could see it, and my mother knew it. If there was never anything else, there were my parents and their love for each other. And as for my choice, my mother trusted me enough to know that I’d make the right one. That’s why she chose to stay here. 
	Papa looked into my eyes and planted a kiss at the very top of my forehead.  
	“Tell me,” I smiled in his warm embrace, desiring to hear all of the details of his latest odyssey. “How was life on the boat this time?”
	He opened his mouth to speak, his face seeming to tell mountains of storm stories and fish tales – but they were stories I would never hear. Just as the stories coming from the pit of his mind began to form themselves into the first crackling sounds of a word, the front door opened. A young worker stood at our doorstep, fully uniformed and trembling. 
	“There’s been an accident,” he told us, shaking. 
	It had taken place on the big machinery at the cannery and had been like no other accident anyone had seen before. Papa had better come quickly, the lad told him, because there wasn’t much time left. As soon as the boy had uttered such words, Papa dropped what was in his hands and hastily ran out the door. I followed quickly behind him – picking up my skirt and running due east toward the factory. I lost sight of Papa half-way and got lost in a large mob that had gathered around the factory doors. I jumped into the sea of people and wove to the front, pushing people out of my way from all directions until I reached a barricade. 
	“What’s going on?!” I shouted above the crowd. 
	No one seemed to notice me. The workers only bickered and shoved in a large, crazy multitude. They chaotically pushed toward the door. A high-ranking 5th caste officer ran to the front of the crowd and began herding us back. I screamed, but the officer only pushed us back. 
	“Dirty 10th caste animals!” He shouted at us, specifically looking at me. “You should all be ashamed of yourselves! Someone has died!” 
	My heart dropped to my feet and I stood back up, facing the man. 
	“Who has died?” I choked back the tears. “Please, let me through. My mother has been in an accident.”
	When I spoke the last part of my sentence, everything changed. The official retracted, looking ashamed. He led me to a door at the back of the building, apologizing profusely. 
	I readied myself to face my fears as an acrobat readies themselves to leap over a great chasm. I pushed on the door, taking my leap. But the leap I had prepared to take was much too short for this chasm. The projection was off – the distance was too great. When I saw what was on the other side I plunged into the darkness. I approached the seed of my nightmares with small and chary footing, opening the door to the room and paling with shock with each step I took closer to her body.
	The sight of her face was shockingly different. She had been hurt, mangled. Had she fallen into one of the big machines? Did a heavy load crush her bones? I didn’t want to visualize what must have just taken place, but the results were bare before my eyes. For most people, the shock would have been too overwhelming. I was compelled by love – compelled by the love I had for her – to remain.
	 I felt as though her spirit was still looming, waiting for me to say goodbye. As my final parting act, I grievously took a lock of her hair – grey on the top and golden on the bottom – and twisted it around my finger before weaving them together delicately and kissing her on the forehead. The grieving child inside wanted to believe that my kiss would send her so much love and health that her spirit would jump back into her body and bring life again.
The thought turned to be hopeless. That spirit that I had so wished would give my mother life was null and void. Whatever presence had been there in the room at that moment was abruptly, swiftly gone. This parting action had truly been the last – for I was now living in this world as a motherless child. My mother’s life and spirit were gone, and I knew that she was never coming back.


3 | Mourner’s Music



	It was the Magistrate’s solemn decree that the family members of any man or woman who married outside of their caste assume no contact with the demoted child. It was said to prevent anyone from sabotaging the forfeited inheritance, but all it truly did was divide. Grandparents couldn’t attend the births of their grandchildren. Grandchildren would never know their grandparents, becoming strangers to them until the day that they were freed from their separations. 
	Sons and daughters in such forbidden unions would never be allowed to see their parents at weddings, on holidays or even at funerals. They were forced to remain strangers to them until the funeral was their own. The moment of their death meant that a marriage was over, and the end of a marriage meant that the walls that had kept our families separate for 15 years had finally been broken down. 
	It was without question that Mother’s family would fight to see me.
	I first saw my mother’s family on the day of the funeral. I stared at their expensive clothing through the window, realizing right away that they couldn’t have been from the Katie Isles. One by one, women emerged from a carriage and made their way into the building displaying looks of distaste. 
	The first to emerge was an elderly woman being lowered down into a wheelchair. There was a servant wheeling her that had strong arms and a dark complexion that I knew must have made him a 12th caste. Two younger ladies followed behind. 
	I didn’t know who these people were, but their stone faces and dramatic jewels gave me desire to flee. Before I was forced to greet them or even face them, I escaped through a door with a sign on it that read “The Comfort Room.”
	I shoved open the door and fell onto a velvet couch. One look around the room gave me the coldest, eeriest feeling. The doorknob was of shiny brass and the floors of the softest green carpets. The walls were lined with shelves that housed more books than I’d ever seen on the somewhat illiterate island. This was where death lived and resided, yet it was lusher than any other home that existed in this place. Death made out as luxury was anything but comforting.
	I put my head in my hands and wept. The funeral walk was in twenty minutes. As the only child, I would have to lead it.  I would have to lead them. Every person would proceed behind me, including those rich women I hardly knew. I couldn’t hide anymore, even if they did have intimidating wealth. If I did, I’d never know who they were to me – good or bad. I found the resolve to leave the room, telling myself repeatedly: 
	“I will be brave. I will be brave.”
	My bravery quickly vanished when I caught sight of the casket. When I approached it, a chill crept up my spine. I became a helpless child at the sight, unable to decide what to do or where to go at that moment. I searched the room for my father, but he was nowhere to be found.
	“This isn’t right. It’s simply not right,” an unexpected voice came from behind. It was cold and stoic, but not at all unfeeling. “A mother should not outlive her children.”
	I turned to see the same old woman that I had been avoiding earlier. This time, she was clad in a thick fur coat as she sat in a wheelchair directly beside me. The woman was ancient, endowed with the fruits of her age. Wrinkles covered her face and veins bulged underneath the black lace on her forearms.
	“It’s no less difficult when a child loses their mother.” 
	The relic of a woman looked up and examined my features. There wasn’t anything in them that seemed to catch her by surprise. As she studied me, I got the strange sense that this woman felt like she truly knew me. She quickly ordered her servant to wheel her away from the dismal coffin. For some reason, I followed. 
	“Children are meant to outlive their parents. Some unfortunately do so from an earlier age.” She looked at the casket, then back at me. “You need not fight, child. I know who you are.”
	“How would you know that?”
	“You favor your mother.” 
	I couldn’t see what on Earth she was talking about. I wanted to shout that I was clearly smaller, had dark hair and eyes that weren’t her wild bluish shade. What resemblance did she see that was so stark?  I wanted to say these things but remained silent. Too much was happening around me to do anything but keep to myself. Just then, a group of discourteous men bombarded the room. 
	“Has everyone finished with their customary visit?” One of them asked.
	It was a 5th caste officer. Without asking again, one of the men went to the front of the room and began shutting the casket. As the top of it began to fall shut, I suddenly remembered something that caused me to halt it one last time.
	“Wait!” 
	 The man caught the top and propped it back open for me. I had remembered something – something that everyone in my village did. I came to the edge of the silken bed where she eternally slept and placed a kiss on her forehead. With tears in my eyes, I plucked a strand of my hair and wove it into hers. 
	When I was finished, I looked up and gave a nod to the man standing beside me. He quickly took the top and latched it shut. The group of men then proceeded to take the coffin and carry it out the door.
	“She remembered,” I heard someone whisper. 
	When I turned, there was a haggard woman standing directly in front of me. She grabbed my face and touched her forehead to mine. 
“Greater things than all of the heavens and the earth await you. Remember our people, Elissa.” 
 	The words of the old woman caused no second thoughts, no ridicule. I simply took them and walked. My friends and neighbors looked toward me in unanimity after witnessing the tradition I had upheld. The women of my mother’s family quickly grew weary of it all and called for their carriage to take them to the gravesite ahead of the coming crowd.
	“Lead the walk,” the old woman whispered in my ear. I looked over my shoulder for reassurance, but just like that – she was gone. I looked ahead and took in a deep breath, knowing that these people had called me to lead them. It was time to be brave. Someone gave me a light tap, and I began marching. 
	As we passed through the town, our crowd grew in number. We grew from a crowd of perhaps 20 to over 80 in number. People emerged from their homes and shops to join in our mourning. For the first few minutes, we marched in complete silence. As we neared the cemetery, I took the lead in a traditional parting hymn. 
	“Golden streets and skies of blue. Life when earth is done and through,” I sang.
Soon, the crowd joined in. My people, The People of the Sea – knew this song very well. We all neared the site of interment, our voices raised in a chorus of passion and grief:

“To the realm of glowing sun
In place before the world begun
Of legends and legacy
Death defeated victoriously”

	I saw Papa sitting on a chair beside the newly dug grave, watching incurably as the men lowered the casket into the ground. I was incredibly disturbed to see what looked like a bottle of whiskey in his hand. Some members of my mother’s family had already arrived and were sitting in the second row. A minister came forward and addressed the onlookers, now having surpassed 100 in number. 
	Among the crowd there was wailing and singing. I could feel the souls of each person in the crowd bonded tightly with mine. It was a strange phenomenon; one that I knew could be felt by others, too. From the center of the crowd, a widow began singing:

“Joy is to the child born of fire!
Let her be forged by flame!
Joyous sonnets await her!
A queen among peasants
An angel among men is she!”

	The entire procession joined in with her in another beautiful chorus. Next thing I knew, I felt someone pull on the sleeve of my dress and hoist me into the air. I was soon sitting on the shoulders of a stranger, tears in my eyes as we all sang an ancestral victory song.

“Victorious, she shall conquer!
No end can reach her now
The land above the sea is hers
The world beyond our sky”

	It was a beautiful sound to the ones who understood it. As we sang, I noticed Papa. He sat comatose, awake but unaware of what was going on around him. Someone from my mother’s family, a woman I’d later find was my aunt Beeti, spoke in disgust.
	“Barbaric!” She remarked about the song. “What a primitive, disrespectful, desecrating practice!” 
	The minister expressed a look of distaste but didn’t speak a word. We all knew that he looked down on our way of life. He still knew better than to speak. It wasn’t his place to do so right now.
	The group disbanded after a few songs and kindly met me with fattening dishes and casseroles at my home. Papa had already locked himself in his room. I was amazed at the generosity of these people – that although we were all equally as poor, they had big enough hearts to provide us with food that it would take nearly a week’s wages to afford. 
	As grateful as I was I still couldn’t bring myself to eat. I would later regret it – for hard times were coming. Soon, I would sincerely wish I’d have nourished myself when I had the chance. The moment that the food on the counter would begin to rot would be the moment that there would be no food for us at all. This death might have been difficult, but the hardest times were still yet to come.


4 | A Proposition



	It was a relatively muggy morning when the carriage pulled up in front of our shanty for the first time. I hadn’t seen my father come out of his room but twice in the last three days. I didn’t know what he was doing behind the locked door – but I couldn’t hear a sound, not even a single whimper. 
	As I looked out of our kitchen window I could see the same 12th caste boy lowering the old woman’s wheel-chair from the cab. This time a younger woman exited with her. She grabbed the hem of her dress and walked up the porch steps, awkwardly forming a fist and tapping the side of the house with gloved hands.
	“Hello?” She called in an amusingly proper accent. “Is anyone there?”
	I cautiously peeked out the mesh on the screen door. I could see that the younger one wore a big-brimmed hat with a lacy veil that covered the top of her face. Her dress was wildly expensive, and the bustle looked as if it contained a weather balloon. The old woman was dressed similarly, but more to her age. She sat in her chair at the bottom of the steps – forcing the 12th caste boy to hold a parasol over her head to protect her skin from the clouds.
	“Elissa Celeste? Of the McClellan’s?” The lacy woman uttered when she saw my face in the door.
	“That’s me…” 
	The woman let a deep breath escape from her corseted chest. A weak smile appeared on her face, seeming as though she must have felt she had felt some long-lost treasure. The young woman’s demeanor still struck me as cold and contained, but it was notably warmer than Beeti’s. 
	“You do favor us,” she faintly mused.
	 I still couldn’t see what on earth she was talking about. 
	After a minute or two of silence, I spoke up. “Excuse me, but who are you?”
	 “I’m your Aunt Wren. You do have another aunt that you’ve seen. Her name is Beeti. She was at the funeral, but she couldn’t be here today.” I connected the name to the face immediately, unable to forget the complaining woman at the gravesite. Wren continued. “This is your grandmother – you might call her Grandmamma – Lady Abilene Deveraux. We’ve been staying at the foreigner’s hotel in the 8th Sector. There are many things we have to discuss. May we come in?”
	I looked at the people, biting my lower lip to hide the fact that I was actually very curious. Part of me truly did want to know them. The other part could clearly feel the barriers that cut between our classes. Despite my mixed feelings, I still didn’t see any harm in allowing the two to come in. 
	“Yes, yes. Of course you can come in,” I sighed, opening the door to Wren and showing Grandmamma to the ground-level door out back. 
	As soon as they came into the house I fell into a deep embarrassment. For the first time in my life, I saw my home as the shack that it was in comparison to their finery. The floor was falling part; something evident to grandmamma as her wheels became stuck in between loose plywood. Although my home was clearly dilapidated, neither of the women said anything demeaning. 
	“Child, is this where you live?” My grandmother gently posed. I nodded. 
	Suddenly, the door to the back room was opened. For the first time in a number of days I saw the begrudging silhouette of my father. I caught a glimpse of his face and could immediately sense that his feelings were neither of warmth nor welcome. 
	“Gaerwyn,” my grandmother spoke up as soon as she saw my father approaching. “We were hoping to see you. There are things that we must discuss now that Rose is gone. We must discuss Elissa’s future.”
	“Get out.” They were the only words he wished to utter.
	“If we should leave now, then when should we discuss such matters? Please give me a good time.” Grandmamma sternly approached once more.
	“I’ll find a good time for speakin’ with ya,” he told them angrily, his tone becoming louder. “Now ain’t a proper one. Leave.” 
	“Mother, we should probably go,” Wren whispered cautiously. Grandmamma ignored her cowardice and waved her hand in the air as if the situation were no more dangerous than swatting a fly.
	“Nonsense. We shan’t let intimidation drive us sour!” Grandmamma affirmed. “In any case, Gaerwyn, we will leave your home as you request. Though, first I must inform you that I have a proposal that mustn’t wait until a future meeting. If only you would allow me to briefly explain, we might decide upon a time to discuss it formally. Then, I will take my daughter back to the carriage and leave.”
	“Alright.…” Papa told them after a few moments of contemplation. “I’ll only listen once. Then you have to go.”
	Both parties urged me to leave the room. It was at that moment that I realized what this was about – it was about my choice. No one dared utter a single word until the entire room was certain that my door was shut and I was absent from the conversation. It was a bit redundant considering that I could still hear their conversation as if it was coming from within my room itself.
	“Thank you Gaerwyn.” Grandmamma began. “We have come to discuss Elissa’s future in society. Now that Rose is gone…it seems that there would be financial difficulty on your part. I understand that in the 10th caste it takes two or three working individuals to produce a sufficient income. With Rose gone and Elissa unfit to work, there is bound to be difficulty.”
	“I needn’t be informed of things I’d already be aware!” 
	“Of course, Gaerwyn. I’m sure you’re well aware of every consequence of the death.  Knowing of your daughter’s ‘special,’ status…I only wanted to express to you that in lieu of Rose’s death our family would be willing to take Elissa into our home. We want to be of aid to you in any way that we can.”
	There was silence. Although the offer had been made with honest intentions, the very mention of it caused Papa the fieriest kind of seething. He refused to look at them for a few moments, transforming into the most animistic kind of beast that there could have been. In the silence, I cracked open my door to look at what might have been conspiring on the other side. What I saw and heard next wounded and scared me as deeply as a jagged razor blade.	
	“Get out,” he abruptly grunted through his teeth. “Elissa’s my daughter. We’ll not be in need of any help on your part. I’ll do just fine providing for her with my own wages! This is her choice – so you’d better not dare try to sabotage it!” His tone soon became that of a true beast. “Get out of my house, or you’re dead.” 
 	Before he had even finished the last word of his sentence, the 12th caste boy hurried Grandmamma out the back door. Aunt Wren followed closely behind. I emerged from my room in horror. Although the women were gone, my father was not finished. He picked up a large, heavy pole and ran out the front door just as the ladies had finished getting into their carriage. Their driver quickly took the reins and whipped his horses into drive. 
	“Stay out of our business, you pretentious snakes!” Papa shouted at the carriage in a beastly rage, falling onto his knees on the ground as it disappeared from sight. “Elissa is mine. As long as I’ve got reason to live, you can’t take her from me!”




5 | The Hard Season



	The hardest times were still yet to come. My father sunk into a depression that intoxicated him more than the most potent liquor. Papa soon returned to the boats, and the small lifeline we had of food from our neighbors stopped its flow. Food was scarce for everyone. Even when they made a good catch, Papa wasn’t allowed to take home any more than his ration. The ration was nearly as small as his wages – hardly enough to feed one person, let alone two.
	In a few weeks the cupboard was completely bare.
	That summer contained the worst drought that our country had experienced in years. The sandy beaches and cobblestone roads of the Katie Isles became scorched and sizzling just as did every other part of the country. In the South, the 8th caste farmers couldn’t produce their crops. In the North, the 5th caste technicians worked tirelessly to keep the dams from running dry. 
	Our fearless Magistrate did nothing to help. It was only when June’s rays charred his family’s prized orchards and shrivel his blood oranges that he even acknowledged the crisis. When he did acknowledge it, the only conclusion he could come up with for this tragedy was an offense which I’d never seen or heard of in these parts:
	Witchcraft.
	The Magistrate insisted that the people become more pious – implying that this drought must have been a punishment for crimes against God. While the witch-hunt began, my people starved. We struggled to make it through, with so much strife that my mother seemed luckier dead than we were alive.
	Two months passed, and I realized that with every day that went by was one day closer to my 16th birthday. Regardless of drought or sickness or death, I’d still have to stand before a judge of the Imperial Court and make my decision. I’d made up my mind to stay here long ago, yet now I was unsure. The family I’d longed to stay with was gone now. Hunger gnawed at my bones daily. The ocean wasn’t even a place where I could seek refuge anymore! Guards constantly patrolled the shoreline to ensure workers weren’t abandoning their posts to escape the heat in the waves. Everything was falling apart!
	Even the glorious symbol of the lily had withered.
	The darkest day of the Hard Season was mid-July. I woke up that day to find that Papa had wandered off and forced myself to find the energy to stand. I hadn’t eaten a solid meal in several days, and now the pain was agonizing. I made my way to the sink and splashed my face with a handful of its dirty, warm water. Although it wasn’t suitable for drinking – I did so anyway. I held my breath and drank the water as if I’d been thirsty for days, pretending that it wasn’t as putrid as it truly was.
	 But I still didn’t eat. 
	The next thing I knew my grip against the counter was loosening and the will of my muscles disappearing as I slipped onto the ground. The world went black. When it became light again, my mother’s midwife, Una was standing over me. The nurse had come to check on me just minutes before and found me lying there, prostrate on the floor and hardly conscious. She immediately took me and cared for me, giving me an emergency packet of gruel that she had been saving for the sickest of the sick.
	“Someone must do something,” Una muttered over me that day. “Otherwise this child will die.”	 
	That night, my hollow faced father came in through the screen door looking as ghastly as death itself. I still don’t know where he could have been beforehand. It seemed that his eyes were bloodshot and glazed, drunken with grief if not with alcohol. The detached man walked past the sight of his half-dead child and locked himself in his room.
	That day was the darkest of them all. It was the day that I first realized I was fully alone. I realized that even though my Papa still had breath in his lungs, the man that I once knew was gone. Papa was dead to me now, utterly dead. I was no better than an orphan.
	There was nothing left for me in these Isles anymore. It had all simply withered.
	Eventually the drought eased. The months passed and the earth inevitably pulled away from her sun. Cool winds doused the village as small blessings from the Atlantic. Though, that still didn’t mean that it brought any rain. 
	Una took care of me for the remainder of that month and the next until I was well. I knew I couldn’t stay with her forever. I still had to make my choice. Currently, my mind was only on survival. I was alive, but my mind was in a clouded jumble. The picture of reality I’d had was gone. The reality of staying here was bleak, but so did the reality of leaving. 
	August came and went. Papa was beginning to disappear more frequently, sometimes for weeks on end. Soon it was September. Then, October came. My choice was now days away. I still couldn’t decide. I wouldn’t. Soon the same harvest moon which I had been born under resurfaced in the night sky. Tomorrow would be the day that I would have to make my choice. 
	But I couldn’t.
	I allowed that day to pass even though I knew that the decision would still haunt me. When the papers arrived for me in the mail with the time of my hearing, I did nothing. I had pulled away just as my father had – completely desensitized. I didn’t know very much, but I knew that I was not going to be standing before the judge that day. Of course, my actions wouldn’t go unpunished. The crime of rebellion had a hefty price.
	October the 12th arrived. There was no food or festivities. I spent most of that day in bed, locked alone in my room. The time for celebration seemed to have long passed. My hearing was to be at 5:30 pm that day. I did not attend. And just like that, October the 12th came and went.
	For two days, no one bothered us. I put it from my mind, but it was a time bomb. After the two days, it detonated. Papa came in through the door with a look of despair that differed from the usual. In his hands he carried an envelope that had been stamped with the court’s regional seal. I took the envelope and tore it open.
	
	“Elissa McClellan,” it greeted, my name printed in a differing ink on the obviously premade notice. “You have failed to appear at your designation hearing. These hearings are not optional. They are mandatory for your immediate placement into a proper caste. A missed designation hearing requires a fine of 200 quint. You will be given 3 days grace for your rescheduling. Your rescheduled hearing will be on October the 17th at 12:00 pm. If you do not appear with the money at this time, you will be forced to participate either electively or otherwise” 

	The judge signed his name at the bottom in an angry, burning orange. I took the letter and crumpled it up in both anger and horror. How could they expect that we – an impoverished widower and his deficient daughter – have 200 quint readily available in three days?  Two-hundred quint was more than any 10th caste family made in an entire year! There was no possible way I could do this. And there was no one that could decide for me. As regimental as this world was, the court still could not decide my caste. I did. 
	Even though it was impossible for me to decide, I still couldn’t put it from my mind. It felt that there was no way out. No way except for death, and I wasn’t going to put my father through another tragedy of that sort. I loved him far too much to do that. The grace passed right over my head. The day after that was the day of wrath.
	I woke up to find my father pacing. For the first time in many weeks I saw genuine concern in him. He looked me in the eyes and spoke for the first time in a month. He was himself again; but a weary, burdened self. Perhaps he was not so dead to me after all.
	“You’ve done a very foolish thing, Lissie.” The words were harsh. They came out plainer than I’d ever heard. I could tell that they were coming from his right-mind. “But I’m as much to blame now. You have to go to the judge and tell him that you’ve made your choice!”
	I looked to him reluctantly, attempting to deter the conversation from the true nature of our situation. “Our family doesn’t have 200 quint. We don’t even have enough to feed ourselves.”
	He looked to me gravely, but then stopped. His expression softened and he put a warm hand on my shoulder. Tears began to fall from my eyes as I saw my old father come back in full.
	“Lissie, money ain’t the matter here. You needn’t worry ‘bout how it’d be paid. Money’s somethin’ that can be made. It can be borrowed an’ replaced just like a pair of shoes or an old coat. Those are things of easy replacin’.” There were now tears in his eyes. “A daughter can’t be.”
	 The feeling of my salty tears completely engulfed me as I fell onto my father’s shoulder, wildly sobbing. I had to go and do this. I had been such a coward. 
	“Oh Elissa…” my Papa softly whispered as I sobbed. “I’m so sorry for what I’ve become. Please, just go before the judge. Just tell em’ you want to leave!”
	 “I can’t leave you,” I shuddered, quickly retracting at his words. “If I do I know you’ll die! You can tell me that you won’t, but I know you will.”
	“No, Elissa. Ya must!” He pleaded, “Please, don’t become chained to this place because I am. Don’t stay. You’ll surely starve!”
“I can’t,” I choked. “They gave me three days grace. Today is the fourth day.”  
	There was a knock on the door. It was truly my greatest fears realized. Two officers waited there, a rare motorcar parked in the lane. Papa and I fell deathly silent, attempting to fall to the ground and play dead so that they might decide no one was home. It was already too late. They’d already clearly seen me looking at them through the window. Both kicked in the door – coming in and taking me ferociously by the arms before I was handcuffed and dragged to the back of their motorcar. Papa fell to his knees, watching this helplessly occur from the inside of the house.
	This was it. There was no other way. If I couldn’t decide, I would be without a caste. People without a caste were not people. They were not safe and were not fit to be part of any functioning society. Casteless people were just as inhuman as those folkloric beings in the legends of old – monsters disguised in human skin! Unless I could will myself to sign my name on a paper or even open my mouth to make an audible plea, I would formally cease to exist.
	The more I thought about this, the more the anger began to boil over.
	They took me to the courthouse and paraded me around the building in humiliation. The officers then haphazardly pushed me down a dreadful, grey passageway and shoved me into a holding cell in the basement. It was a terribly small thing with rusty bars and an unbearably low ceiling. Even I had to crouch beneath it! The ground wasn’t much better. It was mucky and wet, a small mound of hay as the only kind of bed one could use as protection. 
	 “You’re such a stupid little girl!” A jailer mocked me, watching for a reaction. “What you’ve been given is a gift, McClellan. The only reason you’re here is because you’re too dim-witted to use it.” The man then turned and venomously spat at the ground beside me. “Your hearing is at 3:30. Hope that you’re not too unintelligent to read the papers!” 
	“Oh, believe me,” I spat back at him in retaliation. The powerful wad of spit landed right on the tip of his shoe. “This is an unfair decision, one that I won’t be making either way! You can take me up there all you want, but you won’t hear a single word. You can give me a hundred papers, but I won’t make a single stroke!”
	The man then began laughing, half out of cruelty and half because he was simply amused at my fatal stubbornness. 
	“Well then, you’ll find yourself locked in here every day until you do.”





6 | A Deal by Forgery



	They pulled me into the courtroom that day, throwing me into a small wooden seat in front of a towering podium. The judge sat before me, robed in white and sashed with the magisterial crest. He was a stubby old man with poor eyesight, constantly squinting from behind a pair of bifocals. I could never tell if he was straining to see me or simply glaring. 
	“Elissa Celeste McClellan,” he struggled to read my name off of the paper. Thank goodness the print was large enough! “You have failed to appear before the court on your designated date. Do you have an adequate reason for this?”
	I kept my lips firmly pressed shut. 
	“Well?” He asked again, that same perpetual squint between the eyes. 
	He waited for an answer that wouldn’t come. Yes, I did have a good reason. He probably wouldn’t think so. I shook my head as if to say no, but he obviously couldn’t see it. One of the bailiffs had to speak up for me.
	“She’s shaking her head, Your Honor.”	
	“Thank you, bailiff.” The Judge adjusted his bifocals again. “Now then, I’m inclined to inform you that a missed court date is punishable by a fine of 200 quint. Seeing that you do not presently have the money, the court is willing to arrange a deal in exchange for your complete cooperation.” The old man paused for a moment before callously continuing. “Join the 3rd caste, and the fine will be waived in full.”
	 It seemed obvious that their definition of cooperation was not mine. It had always been said that this decision was solely mine, bar the prospect that it was really all just a clever façade over subordination. Let’s not humor ourselves – there was no real choice. It was simply another way for me to bow to the Magistrate. Choose one path and be rewarded. Choose the other and be forced to live with a debt that my family could never repay. I didn’t know much at that moment, but I did know one thing:
	They couldn’t force a decision out of me if I was mute.
	“Well…?” The judge again questioned, raising an eyebrow. 
	I stood there in complete silence.
	 “Don’t be difficult. Tell me your decision or you will face serious consequences!”
	Nothing.
	After a few moments of silence, the judge became angry. His expression became fierce and grumbling. “You will not speak?! Very well. The court has now raised your fine to 400 quint.” He exasperatedly snarled at me. “Your next hearing will be in two days. If you are silent then, your fine will be raised by two-hundred more! Take her away!”
	The protest would only continue. Two days later, they took me again. Silence. 600 quint. Two days after that, more silence. 800 quint. After that, more time in my cage. Then there was another appearance, and 200 more quint to worry about as the result. Soon I had been caged for over two weeks – though strangely, my health was improving. Ironically enough, I received more food as a convict than I had as a citizen. 
	After the 2nd week, it became obvious to my entire family that I was going to remain as stubborn as a mule. With each silent refusal, everyone realized that the prospect grew larger and larger of the judge simply banging his mallet and rendering me casteless. Word travelled to my mother’s family very quickly. In a desperate attempt to help, Grandmamma visited Papa. Despite his prior convictions, he agreed to meet with her in one last desperate plea to save my life.
	It was known that this type of conspiring was illegal in its entirety – so the meeting had to be organized with extreme care. They agreed to meet in the conference room at a hotel in the wealthy 8th district; a place where no one would suspect a person of our class to have business. They sat across from each other at an oak table exchanging solemn glances as they discussed the inevitable. 
	“We both know that Elissa is running out of time.” Grandmamma told him, sliding a stack of papers across the table. “The girl is just like her mother – immovable as a load of bricks. We cannot have her deemed casteless!”
	She slid them to him, and he looked down at them desperately. He knew it was true. Time was running out until I would be. But now, it seemed there was another way. Though, it was a method which he was reluctant to take part in – for he knew I would not do so willingly.
	“Please, sign the papers Gaerwyn. I understand you are slow to trust me – but I promise that I will take good care of the girl. I assure you that she will be able to return when she comes of age,” the woman persuaded. “You know the truth – I don’t even have to say. If you will consent to this, she’ll be spared from it all and still allowed the liberty of her choice when she is of sound enough mind to make it. Your fine will be gone and your debt repaid – something that I would have been prohibited to interfere with for any other way.”
	He looked up at my grandmother, then back down at the papers. His fingers trembled as he moved the pen. Papa was well aware of what would happen if he didn’t. Even if my mother’s family paid the fine, my fate would be sealed. Poverty would gnaw away at my tiny bones until they became nothing. Not able to bear the thought of losing another love, he signed the paper.
	“Wait,” his eyes moved down the document. “It requires one from her.”
	 It wasn’t a question – they knew it was there. If they showed it to me they knew I’d refuse it. There was no time to ponder it, they simply had to move. The usually polite, soft spoken woman sat up in her chair with a rarely seen kind of grit and made the most audacious command: 
	“Forge it.”
	With the next stroke of that pen, my life was changed forever. The plan was now in motion. They came to get me from my cell that day. 
	“The judge wants to see you,” the guard barked. “It’s on special notice.”
	I went through all of the usual twists and turns of my journey from cell-to-judge. This time the atmosphere was different. I could sense it in my bones and feel it in my endless trembling. Soon, I saw Papa in the corner of the room and felt my heart rapidly thud. I witnessed endless pain in his withered eyes. The judge entered, wearing his bright sash and ominous crest.
	“Elissa McClellan,” the judge started, taking his seat. “You’ve come before me 7 times in utter silence. It’s obvious you can hear. In my opinion, you should be casteless!” 
	Casteless. I looked over to my father and closed my eyes. The next words I heard caused my heart to nearly stop beating.
	“But, there has been a change. Your fine has been paid and you are to be freed immediately.” 
	The words almost didn’t seem real. What was going on? Who would do this? What was this – a miracle of God himself? 
	“Paid by whom?” I confoundedly asked; the first words I’d uttered since coming here. 
	The doors in the back of the courtroom jetted open. A tall, darkly-complexioned boy wheeled a familiar old woman into the room. Two familiar ladies walked closely behind. Both were dressed in vibrant, lacy dresses with exaggerated bustles and veiled hats. They came up the center aisle and stopped before the arbitrator.
	“Your honor,” the old woman started. “We thank you for allowing us to be here and state our case. You have such wonderful flexibility.”
	As soon as I recognized them I my excitement quiet down. They were my mother’s family – Grandmamma, Wren, and Beeti. This was more than a simple bail-out. This was more than anything I’d ever known or seen. I knew inside that there had to be more to it than a kind, selfless act – it had to be a proposition with strings attached.
	“These women have come to me today with a special proposition in mind that would seem to satisfy both your wishes and those of the court.” The judge stated bluntly. 
	As if they knew anything of my wishes at all. The only thing that I wished now was that my life had been different – and I had realized that to be impossible. So, I had stopped wishing a long time ago. My grandmother suddenly looked over at me pityingly. It was as if she could read my heart and mind from simply looking at me. The judge urged someone from the party to come up to the podium and make their case. Wren volunteered.
	“Thank you Your Honor,” she told him, unfolding a paper and reading from it directly. “As you know, our decision to pay the fine is without discretion. Though, we propose to the court that long with the fine being paid: you allow Elissa to go free and return home with us.”
	That was it. I knew it. They were here to steal me. To force me to become one of them. 
	“Wait –” I interjected, “But I still have not made my choice. I can’t simply leave with them if I haven’t chosen to be part of the 3rd caste!”
	The judge knocked his mallet against the table and demanded silence. Wren continued. “Well, your honor – what we propose is special and... fitting of the situation. My niece has been subjected to tremendous hardship over the last few months. The girl’s mother – my sister Rose – passed tragically last spring. Since then the girl has fallen ill from the grief and the starvation that has plagued our land. Look at her! Can you not see that she is sick?” 
	Technically, I wasn’t that sick. Yes, my face was pale and hollow from hunger. But, I was no longer near death. Una had helped nurse me back to health, and the jailhouse menu actually wasn’t that bad. It was a very good thing that the Magistrate believed that ample food would lessen prison uprisings. Still, I didn’t dare argue. I could already tell that Wren’s class distinction was turning the judge in my favor.
	“Your Honor, it is obvious that this girl is in no place to make her decision right. She is physically and mentally unable. The doctors on the Magistrate’s High Medical Council have clearly stated that it takes approximately 3 years to recover from the grief of losing one’s mother or father,” she handed a piece of paper to the judge that reaffirmed her statement. The paper could have honestly said anything. It may not have even said anything at all. The judge couldn’t make out a single word of its tiny print, even with his monocle. He simply played along as if it was complete truth.
	“Grief is a very impairing thing, Most Respectable Judge. That is why we propose that you put Elissa’s decision on hold. We propose that you allow her to come home with us until the drought is over and the grief subsides. Our family will care for her, treat her for her ailments, and educate her in the ways of a Lady for the three years’ time. Then, after the three years’ time she will be allowed to make her decision.”
	I stood up again, breathless. What could these people have done to weave their way around such an austere system? At that moment I simply couldn’t fathom it. I was actually being allowed to leave this place without making my decision! Half of my will wanted to jump and take great leaps of joy around the room. The other half wanted to protest. The protesting half quickly eyed Papa where he sat soberly on the other side of the room.
	“How could I leave my Papa?” I interjected. “I can’t leave him, he’ll –”
	“Silence!” The judge knocked his mallet again. “You’re clearly not of sound enough mind to decide. Besides, it clearly states here that everyone in your family has signed the agreement…” he strained to look down at the paper’s medium sized print and skimmed the page. “Everyone has signed it, including you.” 
	I’m sure that the man realized that it was forgery just as well as I did at that moment. My mother’s family was of great wealth and power all the same. In lieu of their sparkling jewels and veiled faces the man didn’t question it. 
	“This is your hand Miss McClellan, is it not?” 
	I wanted to say no, but I realized what the consequences would be. These were dangerous waters to be playing in. If I didn’t tell them that I had signed it, Papa would be sent prison for forgery on a magisterial document. It seemed that the wealthier party was above the law. Perhaps I was stubborn and naïve; but I was still too brave to allow my papa to suffer in vain.
	“Yes, it is.” I lied. 
	The judge took his heavy mallet and swung it on the hard wood surface of his pedestal. I closed my eyes, feeling that the mallet was hitting me along with it. All the while, the whole room sat on the edge of bewilderment expelling sighs of relief at the success of their secret plans. The adjudicator stood up in his seat and made his declaration.
	“It’s settled then. For the next three years Elissa will reside with the Devereaux family in the 3rd caste. In three years’ time she will appear again before the court and make her final decision. You have one week from this date to gather her belongings and arrive at the Devereaux Estate.”




7 | The Devereaux Estate



	“I’m so sorry Lissie,” Papa cried on the day of my departure. “Had I only been stronger for ya – this would never’ve happened!”  
	I leaned into him and cried equally as hard. We’d gone over this endlessly for a week now, and yet we still couldn’t feel closure. It didn’t seem like he needed to apologize to me, but I didn’t know if there was much I could apologize for myself. Things couldn’t be changed now. It was set in stone now, a circumstance that just simply was.
	“Don’t apologize to me. It can’t be changed,” I sobbed. “I just don’t know how I’ll be able to do this without you!”
	“Elissa McClellan, ya better not dare say things like that! I know you’re a strong one,” Papa firmly told me, tears still in his eyes. “The stubbornness only proves it. Now, ya must promise me that you’re gonna use that strength of yours to bear through this!”
	I tried to nod, but I couldn’t. Not this time. Papa eyed me again.
	“Elissa, promise me! Promise me that ya won’t simply give up. Promise me that you’re gonna live!”
	“I promise,” I told him, the uncertainty apparent in my tone.
	“No, you must promise!”
	“Alright,” I came to a resolve, sucking back my tears. “I promise.”
	After that there was silence. There was an abrupt knock on our front door that didn’t need to be asked about, for we both clearly knew what it meant. Nothing more needed to be said. We exchanged looks of understanding, wordlessly saying goodbye. This was it. Unless the sky opened up and carried us both away to a new world among the clouds, a cabby was standing on our doorstep that would soon carry me away to a place that Papa could never follow. 
	When another knock came, Papa unhesitantly but grievously opened the door. A stocky, balding fellow stood on the other side. There was another man standing a short distance behind him, this one more familiar. It was the dark-complexioned 12th caste fellow who always wheeled Grandmamma around when she journeyed. The bald one cordially bowed his head before addressing us.
	“Hello, I’m Archibald Higgins of the 9th caste. I’m Lady Abilene’s driver of many years. This is Jackoby Nielsen, my assistant. The Lady has commissioned us to bring you to the Estate. Do you have your belongings in order?” 
	The man was nice and all-around humble, but I still let out a small sniffle.  “Perhaps just a few more moments –” I began, though my Papa suddenly stopped me. 
	“No, Lissie. We’ve said our goodbyes. If ya turn back now, it’ll never end!”
	“But I’ll worry…” I tried to argue.
	“You’re gonna worry all the same,” Papa looked me sternly in the eye. “I’ll be alright, and ya know that there’s a many good people who’ll care for me if I’m not.”
	“Yes, I know,” I quietly replied. “Una promised to write.” 
	Papa tearfully nodded before kissing me on the cheek and discharging me into Archie’s hands. As soon as he did, Archie cordially took me by the arm and led me to the carriage. Jackoby took my one small bag and threw it on top of the carriage before jumping to my aid and lifting my short-statured body into the main cabin. The moment I caught a glimpse of the inside, I saw myself stepping into a world that was beautiful but unsettlingly foreign. 
	Everything about the carriage was elegant and refined, more than anything I’d ever seen before. The seats were plush and the windows lined with brass. I would soon take off my shoes in the most unorthodox fashion and discover that the carpet was luxuriously soft, too. The entire time I couldn’t help but feel the choking dryness of a huge lump in my throat. What have I gotten myself into? 
	 The driver got into his seat at the front, and Jackoby closed the door. I noticed him oddly climb to the top of the carriage. I wanted to ask why – but before I could do so the driver cracked his whip and the horses began to tread down the lane. 
	“Goodbye,” I called as the carriage turned and began down the opposite side of the lane. 
	I leaned out the window and began waving until I saw the face of my old house. Papa had gone inside and left my doorstep sadly deserted. This is it, I realized as I withdrew my arm back inside. Now I was truly on my own. I nearly started crying, but I ended up gathering some resolve and attempting to put it behind me. It seemed I had already cried myself dry, anyway.
	After I made my resolution, I sat back in the cushiony seat and attempted to think of other things. It was of little use. Riding in the cabin alone was such a monotonous and dreadful thing that it only caused my burdens to creep back up from within me. The fact that the cabin was so luxurious wasn’t of much comfort, either. All of the luxury in the world couldn’t have satisfied my need for human companionship. After an hour of unbearable silence, I needed someone…even something that I could talk to in order to ease my discomfort. 
	I was suddenly reminded of the young man who had accompanied Archie. Jackoby – wasn’t it? I looked around the cabin in sudden confusion. He had come with us, hadn’t he? I wondered why I hadn’t noticed it before, but it was apparent to me now that the young man was nowhere in sight. I thought again and quickly remembered seeing him climb on top of the carriage earlier. Curious and wanting an escape, I called out to Archie.
	“Archie,” I called. The clinking and clanking of hooves drowned me out at first, rendering Archie completely deaf to my words. I decided to speak up again – this time a little louder – but perhaps a little too loud: “ARCHIE!”
	“Yes miss!” Archie jumped up in alarm. “I do apologize! I couldn’t hear ya over the horses! Is anything the matter?” He kept his eyes on the road, but leaned back just enough to playfully show me his ear. “You have my full ear this time!”
	 “I was just wondering when we’ll be stopping to rest.”
	“Well, the Northern Country is a good day’s drive. If we want to make it by sundown we mustn’t stop much. Just enough to make sure that the horses are rested and fed.” He glanced over at me and then out at the road. “If you would like, we can stop now for an early lunch.”
	My stomach suddenly grumbled. I nodded, and the driver pulled on his reins to bring his horses to a halt. Archie came down from his place and pulled out a wedge of cheese, a loaf of bread and a few apples for us all, along with some carrots for the horses. The man went to each of his animals and made a careful check on them before announcing that he would be taking a short stroll to stretch his legs. As soon as Archie left, I poked my head out the window to see the 12th caste servant climbing out of a small compartment on the outside of the cart.
	“What are you doing up there?” I called out the side of the window, curving my neck to see him climb out of a small compartment at the back of the cart. It was small and cramped, probably 3 feet wide at most. Both sides of the compartment were open to the elements. There was an uncomfortable looking bench wedged between the two walls on which the 12th caste boy took a seat. 
	“This is where I ride, Miss.” He answered back.
	“But why?” I took note of the fact that the space was both incredibly small and partially exposed to the elements. “It seems awfully cramped and probably cold.”
	“It’s better than walking!” He told me casually, climbing down the side of the vehicle. “At least Lady Abilene allows me to ride with her. Some 3rd castes don’t approve of letting their servants ride with them at all.”
	The explanation didn’t surprise me in the least. I would always be a 10th caste at heart, and those stuffy-nosed aristocrats weren’t going to change it. The boy came around the buggy and opened the door as if to motion for me to step out. I refused and motioned for him to come and sit with me instead. I didn’t care about his caste – I needed someone to talk to!
	“Accompany me in the cabin?” I then proceeded to ask. A look of cautionary but pleasant surprise overcame his expression.
	“The family may not approve…” 
	 “I’m sure they wouldn’t approve of letting a 10th caste ride in here, either.” I let a small grin roll across my face. “Call me Elissa.”
	His look of cautionary surprise turned to one of happiness as I watched the same smile which had rolled across my face in turn roll across his. He came and took a seat next to me. “You probably already know, but you might call me Jackoby.”
	We happily shared the lunch of bread, apples, and cheese as he told me all about his life and I told him in turn about mine. Jackoby was just a few days short of 19, but to me he seemed years beyond. I thought that it might have been because of the life he led, and I was right. Jackoby’s parents where 12th caste grain millers who had sent him to the Devereaux Estate at the age of 9. 
	They sent him there as part of a special program that would allow him a life of safety, warmth, and a full belly in exchange for service to the 2nd and 3rd castes. From his childhood Jackoby had been working as a servant at the Deveraux Estate, first starting as a stable boy and later working his way up to a position assisting Archie and caring for the carriage, horse, and passengers while the traveled.
	“It also meant that there was one less mouth to feed and a new pocketful of money each month to help put bread on the table,” Jackoby dishearteningly told me. I shuddered at the plain reluctance in his voice – not because I pitied him – but because his pain was something I knew in full. 
	Archie came back from his walk, surprised to see Jackoby sharing the same space of the cabin. The man knew that it was off limits, but he didn’t say anything about it. Desiring to avoid bringing about any disfavor on my part, Archie unquestioningly sat back in his seat and cracked his whip to get the horses moving again. Five hours would pass, and Jackoby actually did prove to be pleasant company. 
	However, he was also very much human and highly exhausted from his duties. After an hour or two, he unintentionally drifted off into a much needed sleep. I immediately knew that the silence would be monotonous, but I still would have rather been bored than be cruel and selfish enough to force him out of a sparsely seen rest for my own sake.
	Meanwhile, the scenery was changing. The salty breezes of my island village disappeared and gave way to fields of endless, colorful green fields. The further our carriage went the more colorful and diverse the flora of the countryside became. Everything that had once appeared so desolate became a pasture that was green and full of life, masking the fact that there was still an ongoing draft in our nation. 
	Eventually I saw homes beginning to appear on the pastures, each one the carriage passed by seeming to grow bigger than the last. One-by-one the empty fields became rows of stately mansions and regal manors for all to see. I knew that these homes were too grand to belong to anyone in my caste or below, so it must not have been much longer until we reached the land of the 3rd’s and 2nd’s. We were certainly in the land of the upper-castes now.
	The sky paled to its orange hue, and our carriage began to slow as we reached a stretch of unending stone pavement. The carriage rocked and bounced around as we changed surfaces from the soft, uneven ground to a more level but grittier one. Jackoby woke immediately and prepared to climb outside of the carriage window as soon as he felt the cobblestone road jitter the carriage.
	“Thanks for the rest,” Jackoby winked. “We’re getting close to home now, so I’d better get out of the cabin before someone sees me and decides to ban me from the carriage all together!” 
	“That’s probably a good idea,” I responded, scrunching my nose and smiling in order to mask my nerves. “Seeing a 10th caste riding in this cabin alone is probably enough shock for the entire empire.”
	Jackoby winked at me again and then came to his feet, opening up the door of the carriage and climbing up the side masterfully all while its heavy wheels remained in motion. All the while I stared out of the windows and bit my lower lip in anxious wonder. Each of the homes we passed seemed to dwarf the last in comparison. This is it, I told myself. About to enter into a world of prestige. 
	We pulled to a towering gate. The gate was only the beginning of a fence that seemed to span for at least a mile and house a spanning forest within its bounds. Vines lined the sides of the gate and crept up its swirly iron bars and a sea of brilliant, shining paper lanterns lined all of the trees in the garden directly behind it. Everything was so lush, so green! Where were they getting the water to create such a lush inhabitance in a world that claimed to have little to none?
	Archie leaned over and glided his finger over a red button beside the gate. It was apparent that he was speaking into some sort of intercom, but I couldn’t hear a word of it. A light suddenly switched on at the entrance and the gates swung open. The world was dark now, but our cobblestone path was lit with dozens of flickering lights that went all of the way to the entrance. 
	The carriage came to a stop in front of colossal door. The door itself was huge – but it was connected to an even mightier mansion. We parked between a spluttering fountain and a uniform line of servants and family members who had come to greet us. Jackoby came down from his hiding place on the top of the cart and unlatched the carriage door. He took my hand – now trembling – and gently helped me down onto the ground. 
	My anxieties were at their highest now, and as if that wasn’t enough I soon found myself being nearly crushed in an unexpected embrace. Less than a second after I emerged from the cabin, a gracefully moving young woman approached me. It was Wren. With a multitude of servants watching, I’d expected her to be formal in her greeting. I was wrong on all accounts. As soon as she saw me, Wren pulled me in for an awkward, emotional hug.
	“Welcome to the Devereaux Estate.”




8 | Prim and Proper



	I woke up the next morning to find myself bombarded with sunlight. The moment that I opened my eyes, I panicked. The sight of these foreign walls and lavish windows were enough to send me spiraling into culture shock. Last night the room had been too dim for me to see much. Now, I could see that it was lusher than I could have ever anticipated.
	The first thing I noticed was the walls. They were plastered with a coral, swirling wallpaper that spanned to the top of a ceiling that was at least 10 feet taller than I was. Decorated gas lanterns were mounded on each wall, enclosed by mazes of white molding. At the very end of the maze was a pair of glass doors that led out to my own private balcony. This is for me? I fathomed, choking on my tears. This was too much for anyone to take in, much less someone like me.
	I turned my head to see a tray of uneaten fruit and barely nibbled breads sitting on the table next to my bed. After arriving last night Wren insisted on taking me on a grand tour of the Estate. We didn’t venture far, but I did get a chance to see the kitchen and become acquainted with the head chef. She was a cheeky 7th caste woman known as Haley King.
	I’d only seen Grandmamma briefly last night. I was far too tiresome to dress up and present myself to the rest of my relatives, so I played sick and retired to my room early in the evening as an excuse to avoid the prodding. Despite my refusals, the head chef had been kind enough to send up a tray of food for me anyway. It was a kind gesture, but I was so tired that I barely took a few bites of the food before falling onto the bed half-asleep anyway. 
	I lifted the sheets and took notice of something else I’d been unable to finish before collapsing onto the bed last night; and that would be dressing myself. Apparently I had been so tired that I’d dropped onto the mattress before I’d even finished disrobing. The paisley cotton nightgown that I’d intended to wear was still on the foot of the bed as proof of the mishap. It didn’t seem to be such a big deal at first seeing that no one was here to gawk at me. Then, I heard a thud.
 	“Good morning milady! It’s time to get up and at ‘em! ” An exuberant maid smiled as she swung the door open.  
	The woman must not have had any idea on what she was walking in on – or perhaps really did and I was just being self-conscious. Whatever the case, I panicked and instinctually covered myself with my blanket. I blushed as I tried to hide the fact that I was clad in only my underclothes.
	“Oh, I’m so sorry miss! I didn’t mean to startle you…I’ll knock from now on if you like,” The maid stammered. I eased back immediately when I saw that she was of no threat to me. She looked to be around my age, maybe a year or two older. The girl stood beside the door wearing a plain maid’s uniform with a bun of tightly braided golden hair tucked behind her head in a lacy net. She apologetically curtsied, looking as if she felt she might have just gotten the plague.
	“It’s really alright,” I attempted to reassure her.
	“No, it’s not. I’m so sorry miss, I really should’ve knocked. This is my fault…” she nervously rushed. “I promise that it’ll never happen again –”
	“Hold on, please!” I interrupted, cracking into a slight smile in an attempt to calm her. “I’m not angry at all; I was just a little startled. Now, who are you, exactly?”
	“Oh, right. I’m Emily Berry of the 11th caste. I’m your maid,” she suddenly composed herself, curtsying. “Forgive my nerves, miss. Today is my first day on the job and I’m still learning. I’ve been a housemaid for the last few years, but Lady Abilene has appointed me your lady’s maid on account of our ages.”
	The 11th caste! I suddenly lit. The 11th caste lived in the region right beside my own. I had known a few 11’s in my lifetime, even had a good friend who was one. Though, castes were still discouraged from associating with each other – so we never did get to see each other very often. The thought still brought me fond memories.
	“You’re of the 11th? I’m of the 10th!” 
	“I’ve heard.” She flashed a light smile, casually moving around the room and skimming all of the flat surfaces with her feather duster. “You mustn’t stay in bed too long, Miss Devereaux. Lady Abilene has sent me to ready you for the day. Your entire family is waiting to meet you.” 
 	Miss Devereaux. Oh yes – that’s right. My last name had also been changed now. The mention didn’t just make me feel uneasy. No – it made me shiver.  
	“Right,” I replied, still in a daze.
	She helped me out of bed, seemingly unfazed at the fact that I was presently wearing nothing by my underwear. I guessed that she and every other ladies maid who’d ever existed just considered it to be part of the job. I still reached for the nightgown at the end of my bed and covered up as soon as possible. Meeting someone for the first time wearing nothing but a bra and underwear was awkward enough already.
	Emily led me to a pair of double-doors that were adjacent to my bed and heaved to pull them open. When she did, I was utterly breathless. I could barely believe what I was seeing. 
	“You shouldn’t go with something overly formal,” Emily began, at first not realizing that I was paralyzed in shock. “You might be doing some outdoor activities, though I’m not utterly certain. Anyhow, I assume that you know what you want…” 
	Emily hushed when she looked over and saw the bewilderment lining my expression. She quickly realized what shock I must have been feeling as a common girl entering into this very uncommon world. The maid had gone through a similar kind of shock when she’d come to work here as a young teenager. 
	“Oh…my…goodness,” were the only words I could form at that moment.
	I was standing in front of a closet full of hundreds of colorful, elegant dresses. Some were vibrant shades of blue and others were of deep purples and reds. Some were day dresses, others afternoon dresses, sporting clothes and even ball gowns. My body became immovably paralyzed at the sight. That was when Emily
	I stood there, utterly speechless. Realizing that I wasn’t going to be moving any time soon, Emily reached in and pulled out a cotton dress that was a bit plainer, but no less extravagant in comparison to any of the clothes I’d ever owned. It was a long, forest green dress with lace on the sleeves. Still speechless, I silently complied as she ordered me to hold my hands over the head and pull off my nightgown so that I could slip on the new dress. 
	Though, after I had pulled the costume over my head my astonishment was quickly thwarted. I realized as soon as I had put it on that something wasn’t right – but I had to take a look at myself in the mirror to be sure. To my imminent disappointment, my reflection verified the fact that this dress was clearly too big for me. And it wasn’t just a bit large – I was sinking in it. Emily wrinkled her nose in uncertainty.
	“Perhaps we should try another…” 
	She reached into the closet again before I stopped her. If this dress was too big I didn’t want to bother with the others. Most of my clothes had to be tailored anyway. It was true that I was short. And it was clear that everyone I’d met in this family was naturally very tall. If someone could have taken a picture of me at that moment they would have believed that the average-sized dress must have really been made for someone unfathomably large.
	“I think I’d rather wear my own clothes today,” I resolved.
	This time Emily quietly agreed. All the while, she displayed a look that was nearly as disappointed as mine. I reluctantly reached for my suitcase and sifted through it for something decent to wear. They now seemed to be like rags in comparison to what I’d just tried on. Eventually, I found a clean and pressed tan dress that came up to my knees. Seemed decent enough. It was still nothing compared to even the plainest of the gowns in my new closet. 
	“Don’t fret milady. You still look wonderful,” Emily told me, smoothing out the crinkles on my simple dress before running a comb through my caramel colored curls. I knew from her demeanor that she was genuine. At the same time, I still convinced myself that she was only saying so that I wouldn’t feel quite as bad; which may or may not have been at least partially correct. 
	“Now then, seems you’re ready,” she told me before leading me out the door. “Your grandmother is waiting for you in the dining hall with your other relatives. I can accompany you there if you like,” Emily told me before curtsying.
	Better to go with her than get lost, I supposed. Emily quickly showed me down an immense corridor with many windows and a lush velvety carpet lining each hall. If Emily hadn’t been with me, I surely would have gotten lost. We both stopped at a towering wooden door, and Emily bent down to whisper in my ear. A tall doorman stood at the entrance as if he was guarding the chambers of a royal.
	“This is the entrance to the dining hall,” she whispered. “It’s also only fair you know that Lady Beeti and her daughter can cause quite the stir.” I held my breath, nodding as Emily backed away. The doorman opened the door, immediately barking my name.
	“Announcing the arrival. of Miss Elissa Devereaux!” 
	Of course, it was entirely necessary to announce my presence at the breakfast table.
	On the other side of the door, several people were spread out in seats along the expansive of an endless oak table. The monstrosity of wood had to have been half as tall as the space between my floor and the ceiling, yet there were only four people seated at it. There was a plate of eggs and a tray of strange fruit that sat in the middle of the table, an odd-looking centerpiece to it all. The family seated around it looked up pryingly, exhibiting such peculiar looks that I wondered if I must have had something stuck in my teeth or crawling in my hair. When the door closed behind me, I became stiff and paralyzed by their stares. 
	“Child, are you going to sit down and eat or become a piece of artwork for us to behold?” Grandmamma snarkily spoke up from her seat on the end of the table, breaking my duration of silence.   
	Realizing what an embarrassment I was causing, I nervously nodded and came to take a seat where Grandmamma had motioned for me to join her at the table. I awkwardly planted myself adjacent to the elegant but unorthodox Wren and her snobbish sister, Beeti. There was another face that I caught a glimpse of at the table – this one new to me. 
	It was the sour but refined face of a girl who appeared to be at the height of her teenage years. The girl was undoubtedly pretty, with grey eyes and swirling black ringlets that barely reached her shoulders. Her complexion was without blemish, but to me it looked abnormally pale. I flashed a smile in her direction, but the girl gave me absolutely no response. The only thing she could do was silently scowl. 
	“Elissa, this is your cousin, Stella.” Grandmamma told me, seemingly unfazed by the sour look on her granddaughter’s face. “You’re both around the same age. Stella, why don’t you properly introduce yourself to our new guest?” 
	The entire table eyed her, and Stella refused to even look up. Her mother acted similarly, but they didn’t pay quite as much mind to her as they did to the younger one. Stella said nothing, only taking her napkin and gingerly using it to dab her cheeks. 
	“So Elissa,” Wren suddenly interjected in an attempt to save the moment, “How’s life in the Katie Isles?”
	Whatever attempt this had been to connect with me was obviously a failed one. Hard, I had wanted to tell her. Bitter. Hot. Starving. They were all words I could have used to explain to them what that impoverished life was like. Though, I knew that no matter what I said or did this wasn’t a winning situation. They’d never understand. 
	“They’ve remained rather unchanged since your last visit.” I bluntly told informed them, leaving my relatives tongue-tied as I fell into silence.
	A maid came by with a tray of food and scooped up a spoonful of it just as I had finished my sentence. All at once, a colorful array of fruits, vegetables, berries and who-knows-what were heaped onto my plate. I was momentarily dumbfounded. This alone had to be three times what Papa and I had eaten at home! The servant then proceeded to dig into another bowl of strange food – but I looked up and stopped him.
	“Please –” I began, waving a hand as the baffled servant froze in place. This was more than enough, too much even. Before I could finish my plea, the entire family began to protest.
	“Oh please Elissa, you must eat!” My grandmamma told me from her end of the table. “Please Molly, give her another spoonful!” 
	The next thing I knew, the entire family was a stir about how skinny I was.
	“You are so skinny my dear! You must get some meat on those bones!” Wren nudged.
	“The girl is quite gaunt,” Beeti broke her silence, speaking up in a way that I knew was intended to be anything but benevolent. The next words were Stella’s and were clearly meant to burn:
	“She’s quite scrawny for her age as well! Perhaps when we feed and train her she’ll grow a few inches.” 
	Boom. I knew it was coming. It was bound to be brought up. Feed me and train me, I thought, Emily was right about these people. Though, the way Stella spoke of me sounded more like I was some kind of dog. I looked up at her, both hurt and partially baffled. 
	“Stella, please!” Grandmamma reprimanded the girl, “Be gentle! There’s nothing wrong with Elissa’s height. If she grows, she grows. Her training has nothing to do with it.”
	The chastisement didn’t do much to comfort me. I was still quite baffled as to what Stella meant by train and feed. More specifically, I wondered what was meant by that constantly repeating word, train. I knew the meanings of both words, but now it seemed that they had entirely different implications. I didn’t even need to say a word; my expression did so for me.
	“What Grandmamma means,” Wren interjected, “is that we intend to educate you. While you’re here, we’ll be caring for you and refining you. You’ll also be educating you in the ways of our etiquette. That way you will have the adequate experience and training to prepare you for this life, should you choose it.”
	“Like a dog…” I could have sworn I heard Stella whisper. 
	To everyone else, the affront fell on deaf ears. I expelled a breath of air from my chest and looked down at my plate in an attempt to forget about it. There, I was met with just as much distress. My stomach ached, but so did my pride. There was a myriad of different forks and spoons lined up next to my plate that I was hopelessly clueless with. I almost resolved to use my hands to eat it, but I quickly caught sight of Stella’s piercing glare again and feared too much ridicule to proceed. 
	“We have high hopes for you, Elissa. With a bit of work, I know that in a few months you will be a prime example of what the Devereaux’s are all about!” Grandmamma suddenly spoke up in complete confidence. 
	Of course, I knew what she was truly implying. I was going to take lady lessons.
	I had been right when I had assumed that my first meeting with the entire family would be the equivalent to gawkers at a circus act.
	 “Look at that poor, hungry girl!” I imagined they would say. “We must change her at once!” This was what it was all about. Turning rags to riches. As if that reality wasn’t harsh enough for an uncultured girl like me; the next words would come as quite the shock:
	“In fact, Beeti has taken it on as her personal task to help you become a proper lady.” 
	 Beeti? She feigned a patronizing smile. Then, I looked over at my sour-faced cousin. Stella avoided my eyes and kept her nose in the air. That’s when I realized something borderline terrifying. 
	I was going to have to spend the next three years of my life living with her.  
	 “We will begin your preparation right away. After breakfast, you will arrive at the baths for grooming. Then, the tailor will take your measurements as to make you something to suit your…stature.” Beeti’s last word didn’t seem quite as condescending as I’d expected. “I have also taken it upon myself to ensure you receive a proper education. I have hired a very well-regarded academic to be your tutor, Dr. Monica Blackwood.
	Grandmamma nodded in intense approval along with all of the others at the very mention at the name. Obviously, this person was quite respected among the Devereaux clan. Could it have been some sort of a humiliating ploy? The aunt looked up at me, eyes flickering.
	“Your lessons begin tomorrow.”




9 | Gentlelady



	“You have at least taken care to remove the hair from your underarms,” Beeti remarked as I rose my arms above my head. If I hadn’t shaved them, why was that her business?
	I had been taken to the bathhouse and undressed by the attendants – wrapped only in a small towel so that Beeti might come and dissect me. She had to know what she was working with. I knew that she enjoyed stripping away my dignity.
	“Your eyebrows need grooming.” She took a dab of spit and slid it across my brow. “They need to be more rounded. We’ll take care of that.”
	My eyebrows? What was wrong with my eyebrows? They’d never bothered me. I clutched the scrawny towel against my body, blushing. As if it wasn’t embarrassing enough, Stella insisted on being present. The sour-faced cousin of mine came in and out of the bathhouse acting as if it was her right to be there. She walked in and out of the place at whim, this time to gawp.
	“Have you begun perfuming her yet?” Stella nettled. “The girl smells of fish!”
	I tilted my nose toward my chest. Did I really smell that bad? Beeti looked up at her daughter in slight annoyance – but not in any type of rebuke.
	“We will perfume her soon my dear. The baths will take away Celeste’s aroma.” It was difficult to hear such stinging words. They spoke about me as if I wasn’t there. And, Celeste? That was my middle name, not my first.
	“Excuse me, but my name is Elissa,” I spoke up. Beeti glared at me, but didn’t say a word about it. 
	“Come now, take off your towel and follow the attendants. They will take you to the bath.” 
	For a few moments, Beeti stared at me and I refused to pull off the towel. Surely she did not intent to put me through more of this discomfiture by making me strip down before them both. Thankfully, she didn’t. The attendants came, turned me around and took off my towel just as Beeti and Stella turned their backs to me and walked out the door. The two attendants were both women, artificially cheery but devoted to my health all the same. 
	“Miss,” One of the attendants began, seeing my look of dread. “What’s wrong?”
	Obviously she hadn’t seen what abuse I’d just endured. 
	Before I could reply, both of the attendants grabbed me by the arms and pushed me into tub of irritatingly perfumed bathwater. One of the women took my long hair and yanked a brush through it, pulling at my matted curls until tears came to my eyes. I still hadn’t lost my distaste for letting other people brush my hair. This experience would change my feelings for it no less. 
	Before I could protest, the attendant sharply placed it in a clip above my neck before the other began to scrub me with long, soapy brushes. The woman who had first asked me of my feelings soon spoke up and posed her question again. I tried to make it seem as if it was no big deal. Nevertheless, I knew inside that there was something incredibly strange about Beeti’s part in this whole thing.
	“I’m fine, truly. I just…I’m not used to being cared for by Beeti like this.” I replied, possibly fibbing just a bit in order to dodge my own ambiguity. 
	The maid gave me a strange look. Her face read guilt and concern as well as fear and possibly even a bit of confusion. It appeared that she knew something that I didn’t. It was as if they all did, and each person was revealing it through subtle hints and warnings that I had yet to understand the meaning of.
	The next 4 hours of my life involved intense scrubbing, plucking, shaving, and rubbing against my skin. Right after my bath, I was forced into a room where I was dissected by two stylists with an expertise in hair removal. There, the estheticians poured a stinging liquid onto my legs and body that literally burned off my stubble for good. After my chemical bath, they painfully took tweezers and plucked my eyebrows until they became thinner, rounder brown arches than they already had been. The end result of this vexing was an extremely uncomfortable rash.
	“Don’t worry, that’s very common with these chemicals. It should be unnoticeable in a week,” one of the estheticians remarked as they examined my extensive burns. 
	Apparently, my pain was nothing to them. It was all about looks, wasn’t it? I didn’t care if it would be gone in a week. I felt the pain now! Despite my revulsion of this all, I was at least relieved when it was all over. In the end, Grandmamma took sight my rash and took such pity on me that she ordered the family seamstress to tailor all of the dresses in my closet and make me all new ones. I generously received the offer, though I still felt the pain of the searing burns that now existed on my body and in my soul. 
	This was a whole new life for me – one where pain and practicality were inadequate next to power and impressions. I ached to go to my old home, the one where no one would dare subject themselves to such pain in order to assume a title. I wanted to go home, but I knew that was an empty hope. Instead, I decided that I might be able to lift my spirits just a little if I was able to do some exploring. After all, in a place as grand as this – who wouldn’t want to uncover its secrets? 
	“Aunt Beeti,” I cleverly asked her at the table that night after having eating a few bites of her rich tasting but unknown food. “I am quite weary. Might I turn in early?”
	“Fine. I’ll have a servant escort you.” 
	“Oh no, I know the way back to my room alone.” I quickly told her. 
	“Why should you want to go alone?” She skeptically replied. Beeti looked to me, almost scolding. “I insist that you –” 
	“My word, Beeti! Let the girl go alone if she pleases,” Grandmamma quickly cut her off. She nodded her head in dismissal, motioning for the doorman to open the door and announce my exit. Something in her eye told me that she understood what I was doing and didn’t want to work herself up about it either way.
	“Thank you,” I mouthed in gratitude as I exited through the door.
	With her blessing, I walked alone through the hallways of this grandiose palace. I ran my fingers along the walls and traced the white wooden paneling. I curiously wandered down the hallway until I found myself at a large corridor that led into a courtyard. Hearing the symphony of chirping crickets that awaited me, I stepped outside into the moonlight. 
	It was breathtaking. From what I could see the courtyard was practically a forest in itself. The trees were lit with paper lanterns and flowering vines crept up and down every towering and stooping object. There was a gate at the end of the way that led out of the courtyard to a very well-lit hedge maze. I couldn’t resist the temptation to wander over.
	Before I could get too far out of the yard, I heard a chorus of singing and laughter coming from across the way. I stopped and let their chorus resonate inside of me. I knew this song, I realized! I knew it very well. Enchanted, I crept toward a metal gate that overlooked a small but lively door at the bottom of some narrow stairs. The windows of the room were lit and the door itself could hardly enclose the ruckus going on inside. With each step I took, their symphony only became louder: 

“In folly he thought he came, only to bring her rain
But the love was within wrapped up in the skin
That she’d see to be him all the same”

	I came up to the iron bar and twisted my fingers around it longingly. My mind flew back to the scenes around our communal fires when we would sing this song as small children. Those old fishermen’s wives would take the smallest of us on their knees and whisper to us the most forbidden of stories. They were forbidden not because they were dark or evil – but because each of us knew that they were far too otherworldly to belong to our people. My heart thumped as I remembered my mother telling me the story of a mythical prince who hid among the humans to find his betrothed.
	 “And he came to her after watching over her during the long night; realizing that their lives would never be the same and asking for her hand.” I remembered my mother telling me the story. I remembered how she would stop in the middle of it to softly trace my forehead and kiss the tip of my nose.
	“Mama, finish your story! Finish the story!” I pleaded as she tickled my tummy. “What happens to the princess?” 
	“Well my beautiful Elissa,” she would tell me lovingly. “This is where the story ends. You will simply have to find out what happens when you become the princess yourself!” Then, she would cocoon the bedcovers around my body and kiss me goodnight.
	 I cracked the gate and made my way down the steps toward the commotion. I found myself standing at a ramshackle wooden door that was literally pulsing at the velocity of the music and dancing behind it. Lacking all discretion, I opened the door and stepped inside. 
	At first glance, the room inside was stirring with people that were drinking and laughing merrily. Each person wore a labor uniform. Ah, I realized, this is the servants’ quarters. I blended in quite well wearing my similar, plain attire. No one seeming to notice my presence, I retracted to the corner and soaked in the scene. These people were closer to my true caste than anyone here. It gave me a temporary sense of home.
	“Have ya seen Lady Beeti today?” A stout woman remarked over a glass of cheap wine. She lounged in a wooden chair, propping her swollen feet on the table. The servant next to her nodded in agreement.
	“Aye. She’s has been stirrin’ up quite a lot lately.” The other agreed. A third servant hovered over them, older and plumper than the others. 
	“The woman simply can’t stand the idea of holding her own. She believes she may have very well met her match in this new one.” She remarked.
	“I don’t think that we should worry about the young one bein’ a match!” the stout woman expressed. “This girl is stronger than the rest. She’s one of us ya know. Probably raised with the same principles and with the same stories that we were.”
	I held my breath. These people were talking about me. 
	“You mean like the monsters of old?” Her plump friend jovially replied. The two that were sitting down clanked their glasses together and smiled as they took a sip. 
	“Those old creatures, my Mum talked about em’ for days on end! ‘They’re comin’ for us!’ She would always say. ‘They could be walkin’ with ye this very moment for all I know!’” The second servant laughed in reply. 
	Their conversation quieted and I scanned the room, still unnoticed by those around me. The door opposite of the one I had come in swung open. Immediately, I caught a glimpse of a familiar face. Two familiar faces, actually. A handsome, dark-complexioned boy came in and stood alongside a pleasant-faced blonde. I hushed myself as I realized the identities of the two. It was Emily Berry, my 11th caste maid – and Jackoby Nielsen; a servant whose place was one caste beneath hers.
	Neither of them touched or even said very much; but I could see in those few moments that they both looked to each other with a certain yearning in their eyes. It was also obvious that they wanted to be at least somewhat alone. 
	So, slowly – I began backing away. I took one step, then another – hopefully in an attempt to make it back out the door unnoticed. But, apparently I had backed away too far; as I ended up falling backwards onto a stack of chairs and a broom in the corner and toppling onto the floor. 
	When it was over, I was fine. Every eye wandered up from where it was and looked at me. I stood there, motionlessly waiting to be yelled at. A few opened their mouths as if to scold; but everyone suddenly quieted when they realized who I was. Emily quickly looked toward me in shock, leaving Jackoby’s side and grasping me by the wrist before she whisked me into the hallway outside.
	“What are you doing here?” She whispered to me in distress. 
	“I was….I was just looking around is all,” I meekly replied.
	The look of distress on her face didn’t lessen in the least. Her hands remained tightly around my wrists. Had I really done something that terrible? I bit my lower lip tightly, nervously gnawing until I began to taste my own blood.
	“How much did you see of Jackoby and I?” She frantically questioned. 
	I gave her a mixed look. Why did it matter what I had seen? What was the danger here? Then I realized what she was actually getting at. Emily didn’t care that I had been in the servant’s quarters – she was worried that I was going to tell someone that I had seen her with another servant. It didn’t take long to do the math. Emily was a caste above Jackoby, and she worked in the same home. She would face severe consequences if anyone so much as breathed the notion that she and another worker were in love!
	“Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone.” I whispered in return. Whatever was going on between them; her secret was safe with me. Emily quickly fell at ease. 
	“Well then,” she told me, relieved. “Let me sneak you to your room. I don’t think any of the Ladies would take well to knowing either one of us had been seen together in the servants’ quarters.” 
	I nodded in silent agreement. I surely didn’t want Emily to get in trouble by any means either; so we quickly scampered away. On our way out, she led me up several hidden walkways and stairwells that seemed to be for the servants exclusively. They certainly weren’t as lavish as those meant for the Devereauxs – that was for sure. But, they were vast and cavernous. 
	Though I was now shrouded by the protection of being in a place where a Devereaux would not dare go; Emily still took care – and perhaps even pleasure – in showing me through the most secret of the passages. As she smuggled me back to my room in this way; I found myself getting a grander “tour,” of the manor than Wren could ever have given me.
	“You wouldn’t believe how far these passages go,” Emily told me in a whisper, guiding me through a dreary hallway by candlelight. “The Devereaux Manor is hundreds of years old. There used to be tunnels – even living spaces for the servants and workers – that spanned for miles underground. Some say that the tunnels are still there,” she explained. A clever smile rolled across her expression. “Some even say that the deepest parts of the tunnels contain doors to another world.”
	I grinned. We’d both grown up with the same stories. Whether they were true or not, it pleased me to know that the others had shared in them the same way. Hearing them again and again like this gave me a strange taste of home.
	We neared a door that led back into the main hallway. Emily quickly pulled a key from her apron and motioned for me to follow behind. My room was in the next hallway, she said, but there was no door leading straight from here to there. Beeti’s chambers were the first we’d have to pass, so it was imperative we got by without making a sound. At first, we crept through the hall without a single hitch. But, once we reached the end of the hallway Beeti’s doorknob began to noisily twist.
	“RUN!” Emily mouthed, taking my hand and bolting. We could hear thudding far behind us, Beeti’s shrill voice muttering unmentionable words and sounds. Before she could even spot us, we found the door to my room. Emily quickly jabbed the key into the lock, turned it and shoved me through the door. We leaned against it breathlessly, waiting for the grumbling woman to leave.
	Beeti paced around the hallway for a few seconds, mumbling a few curses and speculative words. Then, she left. Emily and I looked at each other in triumph. We’d been too quick for her prying eyes, too crafty to be spotted. If Beeti was going to accuse us of something, she certainly couldn’t now! We had actually done it – it seemed – we had outsmarted the perfumed monster that came preying from her chambers. 
	After a minute or two in silence, Emily and I exchanged glances and fell into intense laughter. I couldn’t believe it! For the first time in so many months, I was genuinely laughing. It’d be so long since I’d felt such joy. I fell on my bed in hysterics, reliving the last few moments of our adventure. 
	“Did you hear her grumbling?” I laughed, “She sounded like an angry rhinoceros!”
	“Oh I know!” Emily exclaimed, falling against the wall herself, “Elissa, you know how to make me feel like a young girl,” she then quieted. The moment suddenly took on a more sober tone. “Like the young girl I could’ve never been.”
	There was a long pause. I could see her pain. I understood it. 
	“How old are you?” I suddenly spoke up in curiosity. 
	“I’m 19, but almost 20 now.” She softly replied. 
	In that moment, she suddenly realized what she was doing – I suppose – because she picked herself up and carried on as if she felt she needed to shove the last few emotional moments we had shared into a bottle. She seemed to be disappointed now – even embarrassed. Emily hovered over my bed, throwing a nightgown at me in an attempt to compensate. “You should get dressed now, milady. I apologize for being too personal. It’s not my place.”
	I gave her a strange look. “You don’t need to.” I told her. “You’re of the 11th, and I of the 10th.  We grew up with the same values and stories. We’re the same.” 
	“Stories,” she sighed, a smile creeping across the corner of her lips. “I know those. They are what give us hope when the mortal world only gives us bitter change. I can’t help but feel like they mean something more. Is that how you feel, Elissa?” 
	“As a child I loved them very much,” I began, searching for the words to say. “But I will admit that I am a skeptical person. I believe them mostly to be fairy tales.” 
	“Oh, but Elissa! That is the very nature of these tales! The magic of fairy tales seems improbable – but so does love and life. The magic of a tale is something that you can’t see, but you know is there. It teaches us to have faith in the real magic of life. It teaches us to stand up and face the things that we don’t understand so that one day we do!”
	Emily was convinced of a faith and love stronger than my largest doubt. Her conviction brought me back to the communal fires in my village, filled with their fish tales. I remembered how perplexed I was by them; especially the ones about the monsters “in human skin.” Even the scariest parts of the stories intrigued me. I was always curious about them, even now.
	“Emily, what do you believe about those tales…the ones about the ‘monsters,’ that hide among us? The ones that disguise themselves in human skin?” 
	She looked to me for a moment, pausing before her next breath. She knew what I was speaking of, and she knew it well. 
	“I don’t know what I believe about them,” she began. “Mum used to tell me that they weren’t truly monsters…but they were guardians of the people. From another place…another world. She always warned me that they could come back…to be ready. I still don’t know if I believe it. I know it helped me learn to believe in what I cannot see myself…” She trailed off when she felt her voice work into a weak tremble. “I truly miss her.”
	Emily didn’t even have to say it. I knew what she meant. “I know how you feel. I miss mine too.” I told her softly. I began holding back the tears myself. “I was just thinking about her a few minutes ago…about how she used to tell me fairy tales and sing with me.” I let out a small laugh, reminiscing. “My favorite one was the one we’d sing after she’d tell me the story about the mortal princess –”
	“Who fell in love with the prince?” Emily suddenly lit, finishing my sentence for me. “I love that story!”
	I smiled, for some reason compelled to start singing that same song. I knew it by heart, and so did she. I didn’t stop to realize that I had given up my singing – forgetting the grief that had stifled my voice. I forgot about all other cares during that moment, losing myself in the song. Emily soon joined in my chorusing. 

 “In folly he thought he came, only to bring her rain
But the love was within wrapped up in the skin
That she’d see to be him all the same”

	Emily fell against the wall afterward, almost in disbelief. “Elissa McClellan, you have a beautiful voice. You shouldn’t hide it.” 
	 I looked up at her from my bed, seeing the bittersweet tinge in her eyes from the emotion of the moment. She had called me by my name; my real name! It was an act that seemed small…but it spoke an entire story to me all the same. It was as if a glass wall had just been shattered. We were truly connecting. I was born of the 10th caste – not as a Devereaux. Emily was of the 11th. I was more like her than I was like Stella or Wren any day. When she called me who I really was, she was telling me that she knew that no matter what anyone said or did – we were both very much the same. 
	And in that moment, she became more than a servant to me; she became my friend.


An Open Door


	I’m not certain when this happened, but I know it did.
	The skies were clear and the moon of an eerie glow that night. Not one human being was awake to see the spectacle which would occur. If anyone had been – only the good Lord knows what would have happened to them. 
	I had been told of the almost-mythical tunnels that lurked beneath the manor. They were located beneath my home and those of all of the other 2’s and 3’s in the region. Everyone knew about them and their history – though it was a history that seemed strangely incomplete.
	They had once been a bustling circuit of maids and servants who walked through their dim pathways on a daily basis. They connected all of the wealthy homes to each other, making it easy for workers to get here and there without troubling the world above. There were even parts of the tunnels that had been converted into living spaces for the servants.
	Better letting them live beneath the earth than to soil the world on top of it, I suppose.
	One day, the Magistrate ordered all of the tunnels to be boarded up. There had been no collapses or robberies in the tunnels, so it baffled people as to how or why it happened. Normally the Magistrate came up for some reason for the things he would do – maybe a phony-sounding reason, but a reason nonetheless. This time, he was completely silent. And perhaps it was for good reason. 
	You see, he knew something that the people did not. He knew that in those tunnels, there was a ticking time bomb simply waiting to go off. There was the potential – not just an uncertain potential, but an imminent potential – that what was contained in those tunnels would threaten his reign forever. And, it wasn’t a human threat. There was no secretive rebellion or human conspiracy going on down there. What was going to happen in those tunnels was much more dangerous. 
	For 50 years, the Magistrate sat dreading the threat that lurked below. After a long while had passed and two more Magistrates had taken the throne after him, the tunnels had become long-since forgotten. Though, the threat had not. All that these brutal rulers could do was wait. It could still happen at any time and for any reason. 
	And after all of those generations, it was happening tonight. 
	In the deepest of the crevices in that black, spanning channel; a strange thing began to happen. A harsh wind came, blowing through every single part of the tunnels in a spontaneous gust! Whatever caused this wind to come about wasn’t of the earth we know – and it was no natural event. The world above remained unchanged; but the world below had begun to transform. The rock began to quake, the walls moving in a sudden burst of convulsing energy! The wind began to pick up speed – howling so loud that it was almost truly singing. 
	Before another second passed, a void opened up in the side of the rocky earth. Where there once was only dark, moist ground; there was light. It was a marvelous, translucent light! A door had opened up from nothing – a door that had seemed to come about through nothing but the air.
	In all of the passage’s glowing splendor – something jumped through. Not just something; but someone. A figure suddenly dove through it from the other side. He cartwheeled through the air and rolled out onto the earthy ground, heaving. The passageway behind him suddenly snapped shut. The wind stopped gusting. There was darkness. 
	The world above remained unchanged – so there was no way for the Magistrate to know who had come to this place. There was no way for him to know that the fear that his grandfather and the father before him had always been wary of had actually come true. One thing was for certain – this being was not of our world. 
	Of all the stories that had been told, this was the epiphany of it all. This creature was not one of us. He wasn’t mortal. This creature had been told of as one of the angels who had walked among us. One of the monsters in human skin. He was one of the guardians that came through doors of air and with powers of both darkness and light. 
	And this one wasn’t an ordinary one of those creatures, either – this one was a prince.
	Even though war had been prophesied, he hadn’t come to wage it. This prince came to our world without even intending to make himself known. In fact, here he wished that he might not even be called a prince at all. He wished to renounce this title – this curse – which he had been born with. He was not coming to our world to conquer it…but because he was running from his own.  
	He stood up in the darkness of the underbelly which he had escaped to. Where was he to go now?  Could he truly pull it off – hiding with the humans? That was something he did not know. One thing that was certain, and it was that the blockades of this tunnel wouldn’t be able to contain him. They wouldn’t be able to contain him or anything else that escaped through these portals.
	Just as this creature had crossed over – others were sure to follow.




Part Two:
◊
Crimson Moon



	
10 | Lady Lessons



	“Now, sit up straight!” It was the first thing I had heard from Monica Blackwood. I heard about her – gathering from the approving familial nods that she must have been respected a great deal - but clearly not from her. I won’t say that I regretted my failure to expect the unexpected; but I will say that any preconceived notions I had about this woman were for the most part, totally and completely false.
	The day after my primping, I sat in the study waiting for the woman to enter in. Of all the things I’d been told, I knew that she was incredibly smart and dignified. Along with several teaching certifications; she had a magisterial doctorate in the 4 major sciences (Astronomy, Chemistry, Botany, and Existence). Not only that, but she was the first and one of the only women in the entire realm to have done so. I assumed that having such a scientific mind, she would touch only on academics.
	I was wrong.
	I nervously fiddled in my seat and twiddled my fingers around on the desk as I waited. I soon took notice of a moveable model of the solar system that sat on the desk only a few inches away from me. The sun sat at the far end, dazzling all of the planets orbiting around it. Beside the earth hovered a moon and a strange, crystalline object. The same crystalline object had several identical brothers and sisters that were scattered all around the miniature solar system. Each one was strung on a wire that hung it in place and allowed it to move around. Intrigued, I lost myself and began playing with it like a small child.
	It was at that very moment that Dr. Blackwood came in. Without even so much as seeing me for a moment’s time, she ordered me to sit up straight and retain my posture. Then, taking notice from behind her glasses that I was fidgeting – she looked at me completely mortified. She turned for a moment, muttering to the wall.
	“We have much work to do…” She mumbled. 
	Over the next two hours, I became extremely well acquainted with Monica – ehem, Dr. Blackwood – and all of her tendencies. For one thing, she was incredibly proper. Also, she was quite organized; perhaps to an alarming degree. Twenty minutes in, it became apparent how she was able to pull off having achieved so much in respect to the left-brain. She wasn’t a terrible person – she was actually quite intriguing – it was although apparent that she did have a very certain “way” of doing things. 
	“Seeing that it is your first time with me, we will start quite simply,” Monica told me a few minutes into our first lesson. “We will work first on your eloquence and posture.”
	It seemed like the kind of thing I’d only read about, yet somehow it was all reality to me. Just like a princess-in-training, Dr. Blackwood forced me to stand up straight and balance a book on my head until I had achieved perfect posture. Though, this “perfect posture” was an incredibly difficult thing to achieve. With each try, the book would fall off of my head and topple to the ground.  After the 10th try, Monica Blackwood realized that today wasn’t going to be that day that I achieved it.
	“Hmm…” she trailed off, staring discomfited at the books that had for the 10th time toppled onto the floor. “You must learn to stand tall. But, we can do so another day. I suppose now we might work on your grammar?” 
	Humbly, I agreed. So, for the next hour and a half or so we worked on word patterns and sentence conjugation. With her long wooden stick, she pointed to the blackboard on the wall urging me to pronounce every bit of each simple word with extreme care and caution. More than anything else, she stressed a great deal about my accent.
	My accent? Apparently I had one. Proper ladies apparently spoke with more eloquence than I did. It was a peasant accent, she stressed. Honestly, she wasn’t trying to offend my lineage. I could tell. But my goodness – the way I spoke must have irritated her so; for she felt it necessary to completely beat the diction into me. 
	“We say cah-lore – not cah-leur.” The teacher stressed, pointing toward the chalk-laden words on the board. I had to keep myself from laughing. This particular word sounded so amusingly odd in a formal accent! “Proper ladies speak in rolling patterns. Peasants speak in short, repetitive clicks. It is a fact which has been proven by the most established linguists. I am tasked with forming you into a proper lady; so please do as I instruct. Now say it with me: cah-lore.”
	The teacher continued her beating day-after-day, starkly meeting with me for two or three hours each morning and instructing me on matters such as diction and posture. Our lessons were mostly productive – if turning me into a well-mannered circus monkey is considered productive. Still, we didn’t get to science. I wondered how or why that could be the case if Monica Blackwood was everything that she said that she was. 
	Dr. Blackwood was never spiteful – but she was straightforward nonetheless. It seemed that there was one strange thing about our lessons, and it was that she never used my name. One day she made it plain as to why.
	“This is your seventh lesson. You have been taught the basic principles of etiquette; it is time to move on to other things. Before you do, we must handle the matter of your name.” She emphasized the last word in a way that led me to believe that she felt she was handling something extremely detestable.
	“My name?” I confusedly echoed in response. 
	“Yes, your name. Beeti has made it known that she believes you are better suited by your middle name; Celeste.” I could sense reluctance in her tone. “She has told me – and I must respect her wishes – that Elissa is not a fitting name for someone of the 3rd caste.”
	My heart dropped. Is that why Beeti hadn’t called me by my birth name? Truly, this couldn’t be the case. Grandmamma had called me by my name, completely unbothered. 
	“There’s nothing wrong with my name!” I shot back, “It was the name of my grandmother on my father’s side!”
	Beeti suddenly walked into the room. Where had she been all this time? Obviously, she had been listening to us. How long had the woman been waiting to reprimand me?
	“Precisely!” Beeti remarked, “It was the name of your grandmother on your father’s side! That is why it’s not fitting of a Devereaux!”
	I averted my eyes from Monica, who was clearly distancing herself from the situation. What a confusing moment this must have been with her – to see the woman she was working with stab me in such a way. I suppose she felt it best to remain quiet at this point.
	“Perhaps it’s not fitting for a Devereaux; but my grandmother was a good woman! She raised my father – and she raised him to be a good man!” My eyes narrowed, as did Beeti’s.
	“She raised your father – a person far from being a good man!” Beeti shot, clearly intending to wound. “He was raised to be a dirty, 10th caste peasant with no regard for his place!  Raised by a woman who would bring him up to believe it was alright to steal away my sister in the dead of night and impregnate her before the two were even wed!”
	Her accusation was one of the most severe crimes under magisterial law. I knew for certain that what she said was false – for I was born by in my home by a midwife! I wasn’t destroyed by government mandate or birthed in a jail cell. I stood back, speechless for a few of those moments before I mustered up enough anger to give me the strength and courage to stand up.
	“You spit lies!” I told Beeti boldly. “My mother was not pregnant before she married my father. Even if she had been – that is no reason to spite me. I am the same flesh and blood that she is, and she is the same flesh and blood that you are! But – even in that case – she did not have me before she was wed.” I narrowed my eyes at her further. “I was born by a midwife, not a prison doctor!”
	“Very well then,” Beeti remarked, obviously surprised at my boldness. “But you still may not be called by your first name when you are with me or Dr. Blackwood. And when you are announced and presented publicly; you will be referred to as Celeste Devereaux. ” I saw a twinge in her eye, the last part of her sentence being her own stabbing, sweet picture of revenge. “Elissa is the name of a peasant.”
	That was the very first time that I escaped to the garden.	
	Overwhelmed with conflicting emotions, I ran away from these people at the first opportunity to. I ran up and down an interlacing circuit of hallways until I found myself standing at the same corridor that I had many nights ago. Without making a second thought, I shoved the door open and ran.
	In the warmth of the afternoon, I was met with a sweet symphony of birds chirping and basking in the daylight. In the day, I could see now what I had failed to pay attention to every time I’d passed by here. Roses bloomed one each side of the cobblestone walkway where I stood. The trees were hung with wind chimes and bird houses of all kinds and colors. Moths flew from flower to flower and small squirrels scurried up the trees. 
	Like the ocean, it calmed me. 
	I decided to wander a bit further into the place than I had the last time; enamored with the sights and sounds around me. They helped my cares to melt away. I wandered past the gate and into the hedge maze, getting lost in its enclosing walls until I found my way into its center. When I came to the heart of the maze, I was met with a grand, marble fountain that stood as its centerpiece. Water squirted up from top of the fountain, raining down on a group of joyous, dancing angels that were eerily frozen in place and scattered to the very top.
	The repetitive, mesmerizing pitter-patter of the water droplets hitting the surface of the water brought me back to the sounds of the nighttime waves that I had nearly forgotten about. It echoed the very ocean I had loved and reminded me of my once happy – but now changed and distant home. I felt the tears well up in my eyes, realizing how far that dream was from me now. 
	I suddenly heard leaves rustle against a wall of the hedge maze. I closed my eyes, averting my attention from whatever it must have been. A hand suddenly set itself softly on my shoulder from behind. The person – still out of view – slipped an envelope into my hand. I glanced at the address. It was Una’s. 
	“It came today,” a familiar voice echoed behind me. 
	I looked up to see who had delivered the letter. It was Monica Blackwood. She took a handkerchief and wiped my tears. 
	“I’m sorry about Beeti. I’m sorry about what I did myself. I am still a servant to her…you see...but that is still no excuse for my behavior. I should have put my foot down. I have no problem with your name – and no 2nd caste linguist or academic can put a price on your value based on that.” 
	I knew in that moment that Monica was a different person from the one that she had always seemed. The teacher that she was to me was only the role that Beeti had her playing. It was a role of the Magistrate – the same person who had continued insisting that all of this hardship was the result of witchcraft. That moment led me to wonder exactly who this woman could have been underneath it all. 
	“What does the letter say?” I asked, dumbfounded.
	“Dear, it hasn’t been opened yet.” 
	I realized my folly and nodded, using my finger to tear its seal. It was a short letter, taking me no more than a minute or so to read. I was gone and safe, so father was eating at least somewhat adequately. He’d gotten my rations, I supposed. I knew from the tone of the letter that Una was writing in an attempt not to alarm me – but still trying not to lie about it all the same. The last part of the letter sent a pang of distress over me. 
	My papa’s mental health was failing – and he had begun going missing for periods of several days at a time. Una assured me that he would be in good care and that she would always watch over him; but urged me to devote prayer to the matter. After promising she would write again, she closed her letter. A feeling of melancholy resounded within me. 
	I held my breath and sucked in my tears. Monica and I were silent to each other, but an unspoken understanding grew between us. She led me back to the house, shooing Beeti away and continuing the rest of my lesson just as she would continue to do for the next 3 months. 
	In that time, the world around me continued to darken – yet somehow Monica taught me how to stand tall. More letters came, and Papa’s health continually failed. And every Friday, the Magistrate’s mandatory broadcast became filled with more intense blame on the invisible forces of witchcraft that were somehow plaguing our nation. 
	It seemed funny that he’d still pay any mind to the fact that half the realm was in drought anyway, considering that the rich of this district had lush gardens more comparable to rainforests. But, the Magistrate meant business this time. Apparently, he must have known something that we didn’t – because although I couldn’t see any of what he did – he had already begun the witch hunt. 
	Only a month after I had arrived, I had already heard from Emily that some of her family living in my region had known lower-caste peoples to have been arrested and tried for witchcraft without cause. Some of them were people that Emily had known, others just stories. She knew in her heart that none of these people could have done such things – and I trusted her intuition, knowing her perspective and all its genuinity. 
	Soon after, there was banter all over the servants’ quarters about people who had family and friends back home that were beginning to see this witch hunt take place first hand. The people lived in constant fear of being falsely accused and tried – even executed. The servants worried for their families as well; and I worried with them about my own friends and family back on the Katie Isles.
	As things progressed in the homes of the lower castes – it seemed almost as if by coming here I had been spared something much more devastating than drought or hunger. 
	Though, my time here would eventually offer very limited shelter from the climate brewing outside.  In no more than a blink of an eye, the servants were beginning to worry about themselves. We all knew it was a matter of time before the Magistrate not only terrorized the poor living in other regions; but would begin rooting out the “perpetrators,” in his own. And once this was realized, it was realized not only by the servants themselves; but also by the keepers of the manor.
	 Grandmamma – beginning to fail in health herself – put her foot down and insisted that our family became more pious. Dr. Blackwood was to incorporate Saint History into my curriculum, and Stella was to use her embroidery skills now only for the good of the church and was forbidden to attend any social function outside of the protective bonds of our manor or the church. 
	She didn’t do it out of necessity of faith – but rather, to protect our family. 
	Grandmamma was a smarter and more complex woman underneath it all than I could have ever hoped to understand – so I trusted that it wasn’t something she did out of siding with the Magistrate’s claims. There was something about the fact that they had taken in a 10th caste foreigner – the child of parents in direct rebellion of “God’s intentions” – that seemed to cause Grandmamma to realize that if the climate heated up anymore than it already had, the odds were stacked against us.
	And as for talk of things such as the “monsters of old,” and banter about the primitive mythologies that lower castes held dear – it all suddenly ceased. The servants’ quarters quickly became far too quiet with fear to breathe a word of such things. If anyone so much as breathed a word about these things now – even if only in joking banter – the entire room would quiet. It was as if even the most childish of fairy tales had become toxic. 
	As the Magistrate’s claims progressed – so did my training. In our third month together, the first trimester of my lessons was nearly up. I had been taught to stand tall and speak clearly, amongst many other things. Though, there was still much learning to do. I was hardly ready to be presented as “Lady” by any means. I still hadn’t quite adjusted to my new life very well – that’s why the news that I would hear one day at this very point in time would shake me to my core. 
	It had been three months and one day since I had come to live here. I had gotten up that morning taking note of a strange feeling in the air. Even though I normally got up and immediately started my lessons with Dr. Blackwood, today I was told that the family needed to see me downstairs. It was dire news, Emily had told me upon waking, and the family needed to see me as soon as possible. She immediately got me up and threw me a bathrobe before she walked ahead of me, literally jogging down the stairs. 
	When I arrived at the bottom, I could see that everyone in the family and even some employees were sitting at the dining room table. The doorman was absent, the door propped wide open as if my arrival had been anxiously and openly anticipated. Each person in the family sat around the table with an unusually stern, distressed look on their faces. I could almost sense the intensity – nearly reading their thoughts. If there was one thing I could deeply sense, it was that something must have happened in these last few hours that caused everyone in my family to think twice about having taken me in. 
	If I was hardly ready to live as a rich girl, I certainly wasn’t ready for this.
	“Elissa, we received a telegram this morning. Someone of great power has asked something of our family.” Wren abruptly spoke up, sternly looking up from across the table. Dr. Blackwood was there, as were Stella and Beeti and Grandmamma. All of their prying eyes seemed to scream at me as if I was their only living hope for salvation. At the same time, a good deal of the room also looked at me as if I was a ticking time bomb that would cause their downfall. Everyone but Wren remained silent. 
	“Before I begin, I want to start by explaining the nature of our true circumstances. As you know...you are the living heir to this estate…should you choose to become one of us.” Wren continued slowly. “Whether you chose to assume the title or not, the person that inherits this estate will most likely be a woman. There are no living male heirs, making it exceptionally hard for us to maintain our property with the Magistrate’s approval.”
	“Wren – I think that the girl is well aware of the fact that the Magistrate is against us for one reason or another. Just get on with it and tell her!” Grandmamma spoke up loudly from the opposite end of the room.
	“Yes Mother, I’m getting there,” Wren continued, her voice shaking. “We always thought that perhaps if we were to refine you and present you to the public it would help us to gain some sort of approval for our predicament. It has always been our intention to present you to our circle, but now it has already come to the attention of people in high places.”
	“Who?” I asked through my dumbfounded stare. 
	The room fell into a momentary silence during which I would realize that this wasn’t any ounce of good news or a choice which I would be able to decipher on my own. The next few words from her mouth would make my heart drop, as I would come to the cold realization that this choice was no longer theirs or mine. It would turn me into nothing more than a puzzle piece, a cleverly masked slave to their national struggle to keep their freedom. As if I hadn’t already lost it all, if I didn’t comply I would lose more than just my freedom. I would have to carry the burden of knowing that I caused them to lose everything as well.
	“Elissa…in order for our family to maintain our well-being in this world, we will have to begin preparing you for a royal presentation. This is not in our hands, and it’s not a request. At the beginning of the winter, you will have to be the one to carry all of the family’s future in your hands. You’ve been summoned by the Magistrate.”



	
11 | Golden Cage



	“Pull your hair back like this,” Wren told me, yanking my loose curls behind my neck before I even had a chance to speak. 
	Tonight was a huge night for the family. It wasn’t the night – but it was a momentous occasion nonetheless. After three months of training, I had been deemed ready to attend my first social function. This wasn’t by any means my time to meet the Magistrate. There were still things that the Devereaux family was unsure of, and it was fairly so. If I was going to save this family by maintaining a proper, dignified and even saintly façade; there couldn’t be one single glitch in my behavior. That’s why tonight was only really just a trial-run.
	Whether it had been originally organized as an occasion for a gala by itself or a celebration of my “triumph” I still don’t know. I think that they might have been celebrating my obligation – I mean, invitation – to see the Magistrate. Though, I didn’t quite feel like it was something worth throwing a party over. Whatever kind of celebration it was, it wasn’t for me. I didn’t even really feel like myself anymore. I was a bird trapped in a golden cage, with no choice but to go and do as I was instructed until I satisfied my jailers.
	My fingernails had been trimmed and painted, and my face quite unenthusiastically powdered. Wren stood beside me holding a myriad of hair ornaments in her hands, clearly torn over which to use. Emily stood directly behind me, holding the laces of my corset like the reins of a horse and struggling to pull them back as if she were wrangling cattle.  It was unclear if she was struggling to pull on the strings to girdle me in or laboring to cinch them tightly enough because there was nothing there to girdle.
	“Emily, pull it back as tightly as you can!” Wren ordered. 
	The tighter the better, I suppose she must have thought. As puny of a waist and frame as I had, my ribs couldn’t help but disagree with this sentiment. Emily suddenly jumped back and laced my corset as tightly as she could. I gasped. Goodness, did I hate this feeling! Before I could say anything in protest; Wren ordered me to raise my hands above my head and Emily draped a blue dress over my shoulders. 
	It was shimmering but simply put together. There was no long train or balloon-esque bustle. The skirt wasn’t even puffy enough to need or even have the ability to contain a petticoat. The only intricate part of the entire outfit was the sleeves, which were detailed with a cascading, delicate lace that crawled up and down my arms. There was nothing utterly stand-out about this outfit. It was low-key, and that was precisely what they wanted for tonight. 
	When it was all over, they both rushed me in front of a mirror to proudly view the results of my transformation. Emily quickly tied a ribbon around my now-cinched waist and settled a golden shawl on my shoulders as a finishing touch.
	It seemed I was ready for this, but I still had a sour feeling about this whole thing. I had finally gotten at least a little bit used to living with the Devereaux clan – avoiding Beeti’s ill temper and Stella’s jealous insulting – and now I had to go back to square one and start with a new group of gawking socialites all over again! I was being subjected to the status of a circus monkey. If that status wasn’t going to improve soon, I feared it would become permanent. And the chances were that it would be. I knew that any time someone of this caste was to look at me; they would only see the permanent tarnish of the number 10. 
	“Just smile and remember your manners,” Wren prompted upon seeing my troubled expression. 
	It seemed to them that I was ready. After all of the many lessons I had been taught, it must have appeared that they had molded and refined me into a polite, dignified young woman. Everyone believed that I had been changed. On the inside, I was still the same person I had always been. Their confidence had been put in the wrong place, it seemed, because I still didn’t feel quite cut out for this. The notion gave me mixed feelings. But, underneath it all everyone knew that this wasn’t a choice. They may as well have hoped that things were only going well, because if they weren’t the future would surely be bleak. Wren soon grabbed me by the arm. 	
	“Grandmamma wanted a word with you before you go,” she informed. 
	Emily and Wren exchanged nods, and she left the room. Wren took me out of the room and down the hall to see Grandmamma. After a quick nock, her distinct, grumbling voice called out from the other end of the door and instructed us to come in. When we entered she weakly motioned for me to come kneel at her side.
	Tonight Grandmamma wasn’t going to be attending the gala downstairs. These days, she rarely came out of her room to do much except to eat with us. Tonight, she was bedridden. Gently, I knelt on the floor at her side. She took her frail, shaking hands and tenderly brushed a curl from my face.
	 “Your birth is of no matter to me, and it shouldn’t be to anyone else! Elissa, you are like a fresh red rose, ready to bloom! I know that you will do well tonight.” 
	She patted my cheek lovingly and then hurried to dismiss me. Grandmamma truly did have her own way. It was one I would never be able to understand in all its capacity or even in part until much later on. The things that she said were seldom understood, but always with good reason. When I stood back up, Wren rushed over to brush the crinkles out of my dress. I could immediately hear the string quartet begin its symphony downstairs.
	“They’re starting. It’s time to go,” Wren urged. She took me by the arm and led me down the stairs. The entire way, she constantly reminded me to stand up straight, hold my head high, walk in graceful motions…ect. After a while it was slightly irritating, but before I could breathe a single word of irritation we were at the towering double-doors that led into the grand ball room. A burly doorman stood there stoically guarding the way. When he saw us, he quickly rushed to open the door and announce our arrival.
	So much for being low key.
	“Announcing the arrival of Lady Wren Devereaux; the third keeper and heiress to Devereaux Estate!” The man loudly barked to the crowd of attendees standing at the bottom of the stairs. I flinched. Now it was my turn. “And accompanying her is Miss Celeste Devereaux; ward of the Devereaux family.”
	Celeste? Really? I honestly thought that this issue had been resolved. That was not my name! They knew it was not my name! And…ward? I was not their ward! The word sounded more fitting for a prisoner. Yet again, I technically was a prisoner in at least some sense of the word. Sensing the objection brewing inside, Wren discreetly clasped my hand and brought it forward, speaking to me through the corner of her mouth from behind a plastered smile. 
	“Just remain composed, and we will get through this,” she whispered. 
	I sucked it in, cupping my hand on top of Wren’s and gracefully bobbing down the stairs. For a few moments, the entire room stared at us. There seemed to be at least a hundred of them, at various ages and all with their noses in the air. After a few moments of peculiar stares, the crowd turned their attention away from us and back toward the socialites that they had each been casually conversing with before. Though, now the subject matter of their exchanges had changed. No one could be without opinion about the human spectacle which had been presented to them. There was proof of it in every small fragment of their conversations.
	“Look at her size!” I faintly heard someone mutter from behind. 
	“She seems decent,” another person’s voice piped up to the side. 
	“Her lineage is unclear…” someone else’s gruff voice called from a few feet away. 
	And those were only a few of the things that I heard on that night. The only way to keep myself from becoming discouraged by their reckless gossip was to pretend that I didn’t hear the most stabbing words of it. Considering that mostly all of their words were stabbing ones, I would have to pretend that I was deaf. 
	“They are fascinated with you,” Wren whispered, attempting to reassure me.
	“I can see that,” I plainly told her in return.
	She and I continued to walk through the crowd until we reached a corridor on the side of the dance hall that seemed to be free of most people. Once I had been delivered to a safe place, Wren gave me a small nudge and suddenly left me. For a few seconds, I felt sheer panic. Then I saw a group of women on the other side of the room that were motioning for her to join them. Before she moved too far from me, my aunt turned to me to inform me of exactly where she was going to be while I was left to my own devices.
	“I must go now,” she told me. “But you will be alright! Stella and her friends are close by. Remain with them for tonight and don’t cause trouble. I will see you in a few hours.”
	And just like that, she left me. I’ll see you in a few hours; the words echoed through my mind in a way that made me feel near resentment. What did she expect me to do all this time? Stand here quietly and wait for my turn to leave? For once, I didn’t quite hunger for as much independence as I normally did. 
	“Can you believe the complete insolence of this all?” Stella’s shrill voice suddenly piped up, shattering my train of thought.
	A few feet from me, I noticed Stella. In comparison to everyone else, she was dressed quite lavishly tonight. Her pink gown was long and flowing with a train that trailed the floor to a completely exaggerated degree. Also, her hair was quite an odd sight. It had been harshly twisted into a sea of tight, artificial looking curls. She looked over and saw me, but quickly grimaced before she turned away and faced her group of “friends.” 
	They were an odd-looking bunch, really. Six of them in all, each one wore something expensively lavish and stood with an expression that seemed just as arrogantly dissatisfied as Stella’s herself. There wasn’t anything all too distinct about them; except for one 2nd caste boy whose features appeared to almost unerringly belong to an actual horse.
	“My Papa fought and died a commander in the Magistrate’s army; and this is what I’m being given?” Stella continued, directing her words mostly to a fiery redhead standing next to her. “No more parties! No more socials! All because of this…this…absolute nothingness! First they bring her into the picture, and now this? It’s reprehensible!”
	I felt a huff of air expel itself from my chest. Although I stood within reach, they still acted and spoke as if I wasn’t there. Poor little Stella, I rolled my eyes. So upset that she can’t go to all of her friend’s parties! She was lucky that being confined to this mansion with a multitude of servants was her only complaint. The horse-like boy looked in my direction; opening his mouth and revealing a set of abnormally large teeth that made him look even more like the animal than I had previously thought.
	“Stella, I’m sure that there’s more to it than that,” he irritatedly told her. “Things are changing around here! You’re coming of age anyway. Perhaps it’s better to have a season where you’re not as busy as you will be when you start courting.”
	“Reginald, don’t be absurd!” The redhead shouted, suddenly whacking him on the shoulder with her hand fan. “Stella is already of age! Why is it your concern all of a sudden that she not be courting yet?” 
	The horse-faced Reginald quickly reddened. A quiet, tall brown-haired boy stood next to him just as embarrassed as he was. A slender brunette suddenly chimed up from the side; Reginald’s sister, clad in a depressing grey gown than only accentuated the fact that she also had horse-like features. 
	“I’ll bet that Stella has many suitors who have come to vouch for her hand already! Isn’t that true, Stella?” 	
	All eyes fell on her. Stella looked to both sides, acting as if she felt that someone was monitoring her every lie. Even from the far side, I could see that she was blushing and even beginning to sweat! She puffed up her chest and fidgeted her hands before she began to stammer.
	“Of course! I’ve had lots of suitors…I uh…uh…”  
	“How many?” The quiet brown-haired boy skeptically spoke up. Suddenly, the boy glanced in my direction. “You’re not even 16 yet, Stella! But, isn’t your cousin? Is she bringing you the suitors? I assume that coming from a family with such fine looks as yours that you would be able to at least give us a reasonable number!”
	At the very mention of my existence she turned dark rouge. I could have sworn I saw the steam coming from the top of her head! Stella took in a deep breath before she had to over-confidently assert herself in order compensate for such an embarrassing loss. 
	“Alright then, 10! I’ve had 10 suitors come and ask for my hand! And none of them were here for her!”
	“Stella, how impressing! Why don’t you tell us their names?” The horse-boy teased in response to her far-fetched reply. 
	Knowing where this conversation must have been going, I lost whatever spark of interest that would have kept me here in the first place and decided to tune them out. The bickering became annoying, even slightly disturbing. If I stayed here any longer, Stella would probably decide it was time to kill me. Perhaps there was something, anything else I could do that might be of interest until the night was over!
	Unfortunately, I was wrong. Upon scanning the room once more, I took notice of a scene not so different from the one I was already a part of. Wealthy dignitaries stood with plastered smiles, letting out an occasional and very superficial laugh while they pretended to participate in meaningful conversation. There was music playing, but not one person danced to the monotonous tune. A string quartet was seated on a platform in the center of the room, playing a continually, lulling, and for the most part mind-numbingly boring series of symphonies. It didn’t take very long to realize that this room had absolutely nothing to offer. 
	And it was my turn to escape it. 
	Without paying it another thought, I decided to sneak out through a small door at the end of the corridor. No one seemed to notice my presence, so I didn’t think they’d mind any lack of it. The door led into a vast hallway that led to my most precious place of escape; the garden. As soon as I reached it, I twisted my fingers around the dimly lit world outside. 
	“Finally…”I sighed in relief, away from the monotony of the party inside. It was a feeling of triumph and freedom, to be away from that superficial prison of torment. 
	The relief was short lived, and I quickly started to second-guess myself. Even if they’d hardly noticed me at the part, if someone found me out here it might reflect badly on my family. It might have even seemed ungrateful for me to skip out on my own presentation like this. At the same time, every inch of my mind detested the idea of going back in. I’d have rather sat naked in the snow than do things their way. I think I still might. 
	In the end, I decided that it wasn’t going to kill anyone if I found a quiet spot to get some air before slipping back inside. I scanned the scenery again, hoping to find the perfect retreat. The hedge maze seemed to be the perfect choice for my hiding spot. I quietly wandered across the courtyard and opened the metal gate that led to the hedges. I wandered deep into the maze, cut across the center and found my way out the opposite end. When I emerged, I saw that I was standing at the foot of the forest. 
	“I’m safe here,” I let out in relief, taking my shawl and laying it across the grass so that I could lay down on it. “No one will find me now.”
	I let out a breath, gazing through the branches of the trees at the full moon that lit the clear night sky above. Even though it was bright, it was blanketed with stars that I could clearly see. The cold air crept in an out of my chest in a way that almost burned, yet I thoroughly enjoyed it. Free at last, I took my fingers and ripped the ribbon out of my hair.
	 The feeling of the hair tumbling free was like a chain being loosed from around my neck. There was no one here to tell me to bind my hair, to button up my dress or wear a tight corset. There was no public to paint a perfect façade to, and no Magistrate to fear the worst of. I was simply free. It truly seemed that I was to myself in the darkness of the crisp, February night.
	I had no idea that someone else was watching.
	Blissfully unaware, I continued to bask in the night and all of its glory. It was times like this that I truly lost myself and became a child again. Nature simply did that to me. Even though the air was frigid, I suddenly felt compelled to throw off my shoes. I took my satin slippers and kicked them aside, digging my toes into the cool earth. I found my mind temporarily brought back to a simpler, peaceful time. A time before this mess had started and my life had ended.
	In completely unanimity with the feeling of my toes burying themselves beneath the soil; I felt the same thrilling sensation of having them covered in sand. I could almost hear the rhythmic ocean pacing itself back and forth. And for the first time in almost a year, I felt that the world was – at least for a moment – simply perfect. 
	All the while, my unexplainable behavior had been taken notice of by someone else. Perhaps it was signal of the pain I had suffered, or perhaps he could see something…something more. Whatever the case, he watched over me quietly from a distance as it all transpired.
	 I felt a strange trance come over me, and I began to sing…

“Dance with me to midnight’s song
A tale of lovers, old and young
Sing to me of the world beyond
Under the moonlit skies”

	The sacred song sent chills through me. I stood up, dancing around the clearing. It was a feeling of ultimate freedom, even joy. Little did I know, my voice also did a very earth-shattering thing at that moment. It wrapped itself around my guardian with a supernatural grasp; beguiling the one who had been watching over me and causing him to remain speechless where he had been spying. I couldn’t stop here. I opened my mouth once again and continued my singing:

“A world of crystal seas and crimson moon
Of blood-red roses and lives anew
Where the scarlet lilies bloom
Under the midnight sky”

	There was a rustling in the bushes behind me, but I didn’t notice it. I was simply too caught in the enchantment of my carefree roaming. He too was caught in the moment. Though, he was captured by something much deeper than a childlike joy. I opened my eyes and looked at the moon, and suddenly my joy began to quiet. I realized that I wasn’t on the beach watching the tides, waiting for my mother to run toward me and cradle me in her arms. I attempted to continue living the moment by finishing singing this one last verse. Though, as I did so – reality suddenly caught up with me.
	“Under scattered stars and bright full moon –” I attempted to sing, but with each word I choked even more so. I stopped for a moment, sucking in a heave of air and trying to move on as my voice began to shake. When I weakened, the one watching me took notice. Seeing my pain, it was something he sympathized with. He looked over me, reading into my soul while continuing to watch me silently from where he hid. I opened my mouth again – but I just couldn’t do it…

“A single kiss that binds the two
Under the midnight -”

	I stopped, the tears falling from my eyes uncontrollably. I fell down onto the ground and wept. For some reason, it made me feel weak and inferior – even though I was sure that no one was around to see it. In my moment of sorrow, I closed my eyes; but I was quickly jolted out of my sorrows when I felt a strange hand settle itself on my shoulder.
	“Please don’t stop singing, it’s beautiful.” A smooth voice called from behind. 
	I leapt up and jumped back, completely terrified at the same time. When I whirled around I was met face-to-face with a strange young man whose features were distinct but dim in the moonlight. Probably seeing the shock on mine, I witnessed a look of embarrassment creep over his expression in the darkness. 
	“Oh – I’m so sorry if I startled you!” He suddenly apologized. I relaxed a bit, trying to study his features and see if he was someone I knew. Seeing the tears on my cheeks, he pulled out a small cloth and offered it to me. Though, he remained silent. It seemed that he wasn’t going to speak until I put forward a single word.
	For a few seconds, I studied him. I didn’t recognize him at all, not even a small bit. Though, my fear dissipated and my body became relaxed within those few seconds when I realized the large wall that separated the far-reaches of the manor from the rest of the world.  This person was not an intruder – how could he have been? No one could scale that wall or get past that gate without permission unless by magic. I guessed that he was simply a party-goer who – like me – hadn’t felt like staying for the monotony inside. Then I had another thought. One that bothered me quite a lot, actually.
	“Did you…follow me here?” I uncomfortably posed.
	I’m sure he could see me tense up again along with all of the tears that had already fallen down my cheeks. I lost my balance slightly, and I ended up nearly falling into him. He caught me, but not quite so gracefully. We actually bumped into each other more like two bobbing flamingoes awkwardly butting heads. Attempting to stabilize me by placing his hands firmly on my shoulders, he hurried to give me an answer before something else happened out of the awkward and unnecessary. 
	“No, I promise I wasn’t,” he hurried to tell me. “I just…was getting a breath of fresh air is all. Then I heard you singing.”
	I expelled a breath of relief, but half of the tension was still there. Unable to read all of his features, I could still see that he was tall. Obviously most everyone was very tall next to me – but this person stood tall even by average standards (whatever you’d like to define “average” as being). His eyes stood out, glowing almost like a cat’s – I guessed it to be the effect of the moonlight or maybe my slightly less elevated point of view – but I didn’t pay much attention to the color. The situation was actually much too awkward for me to be in any way mesmerized by him. I let out a nervous laugh to lighten the situation. 
	“So…you don’t like the party either?” I ineptly chimed.
	 Something about his expression changed that I could see, faintly lit as it may have been outside – and it caused a strange calm to come over me about him. It was like my soul – spirit – whatever it was inside of me; was telling me that I was going to be alright. He wasn’t a bad person. He was okay. 
	“I suppose you can say that…” he pointed toward the extravagant lights of the manor, towering up over us in all its grandiosity even though it seemed a world away. He flashed a clever smile. “That life has never really been for me.”
	I felt a spark and couldn’t help but smile. He meant no harm, he was friendly – and it appeared that he was out here for the same reasons as I was. Before I could speak up, he offered the cloth to me again. Even though I wasn’t crying anymore, the moisture still uncomfortably lurked and burned in my eyes. 
	“You’ve been crying. Please, tell me why.” He softly requested.
	Something inside of me refrained from holding back. Exactly what caused me to vent all of my emotions to this complete stranger was beyond me. I could tell that he was honest, perhaps even able to see more of a depth in me than I could. I took the hankie and nodded gratefully. 
	“I wasn’t made for this life at all,” I started. “I was content with my life, but now all of the people with power of me have tried to change it. None of them want me…simply as myself. Ever since I came to live here, no one has let me make my own choices. All I am is a puppet on strings to them…a bird trapped in a golden cage!”
	We both quieted. My anger suddenly vanished. I don’t know what he did, but I would eventually figure out that it was him. When he looked at me in that moment, I felt something strange come over me. It wasn’t a normal feeling or a human feeling; it was like he looking into something deeper. It was like he was sympathizing with me…within my soul. 
	“I understand more than you know.” It was the only thing he said to me.
	It’s not something I can truly explain in its entire capacity. The curiosity flared inside of me because of it. Who was this person? Why was he here? How on earth did he – out of all the places in this 10-mile wide piece of land that he could have been – did he end up coming face-to-face with me here? And, what was this feeling I was experiencing? It was a new, almost unearthly one that caused me to internally understand that this person knew more about me than I could presently see myself.
	“Who are you?” I softly asked him, plainly and simply in return. 
	He abruptly retracted. All this time we had been unconsciously moving closer to each other, and now he quickly pulled away. Was my question all that bad? I had asked it with pure curiosity and innocence, and I’m sure that he knew that. But, remembering his own identity – he tried to maneuver to another topic.
	“…The better question is; who are you?” He began, attempting to act as if he was responding defensively. Though, I could tell it was playful all the same. Or, maybe not even that. It simply seemed artificial. “I was walking through the garden…I heard a beautiful voice…and I don’t get to know who it belongs to? How about I learn your name first?”
	I blushed. Girlish feelings overcame me. I had never quite felt this way much in my lifetime – but I knew what these feelings were. They were like a drug - a drug that made your insides numb with fear and fuzzy with joy at the same time. Yet, my logic could not overcome this. I simply smiled.
	“My name is Elissa.” I told him. There was no part of me that realized that no one wanted to call me by this name anymore. At that moment, I fell back, embarrassed. If he had been at the party – he probably thought the same way. He probably thought that it was the name of a peasant. But before I could open my mouth to apologize, protest, or object – he spoke up and stopped me.
	“That’s a beautiful name,” he told me. The young man bent down and cordially kissed me on the hand. “It’s said to be the name of a queen.” 
	I suddenly stiffened, awkwardly interrupting the moment and becoming completely dumbfounded. The moment was absolutely perfect, but in all my perplexity I couldn’t help but ask him through a blank stare: “Really?”  
	Yet, he didn’t seem to mind. He just stood up – a slight smile forming in the corner of his mouth – and let out a pleasant laugh. “Yes, it is! Well, at least where I come from. Where I come from, she is a queen of legend. Some even say of future prophecy.” 	
	I laughed along with him, pretending in the awkwardness of the moment that I knew exactly what he had told me about beforehand. Of all the stories and legends I’d heard, this surely wasn’t one of them. I think that underneath it all, he knew that I was completely mindless about what he was saying. After a few moments of laughter, our eyes met. We both quieted. But before I could become caught in them, I was stabbed by the impaling curiosity that lurked inside of me. I still didn’t know who he was, where he came from, not even his name! 
	“Where you come from? So, you’re a foreigner then?” I asked him after the laughter stopped, cracking into a slight smile to hide my miniscule embarrassment. 
	“I suppose you could say that,” he smiled back at me as he continued speaking in his entirely gentlemanly nature.
	Now I was curious, maybe even a bit too curious for his likes. There had been something different about this mystery man from the start, but I didn’t guess he could have been from…a land beyond. The thought perplexed me, as most people living in the Magisterial Empire had never seen or heard from anyone living elsewhere. It never seemed like there was much beyond this country, I suppose because we were scarcely allowed to leave it. 
	“Why would you come here?” I questioned. I didn’t think to ask particularly where he was from, because all that I could think of at that moment was how crazy someone would be to leave their own country – one of the few free ones in the world – and come here. Yet, he didn’t answer. 
	“I’m sorry if I was prying…at least tell me what your name is,” I asked again over the silence. 
	The young man stiffened, momentarily refusing a response. The pleasant feelings that had overcome me suddenly faded. Why wouldn’t he tell me? I simply couldn’t understand why he wouldn’t give me a response! All I wanted was his name! I opened my mouth to ask again, but I was halted. The halt didn’t actually come from him; it instead came from the shrill voice of someone coming out of the maze from behind me.
	“ELISSA CELESTE!” A woman screamed. The bushes on the side of the hedge maze rustled, and I turned me head to see someone come through the exit. It was Beeti. “Where have you been?  You’re lucky that no one noticed you were gone until the party was over!”
	“W-what?” I stammered, “It’s over?”
	“Of course it is!” Beeti screamed in return. It seemed odd to me that she screamed so loud right now – the mysterious figure that I had bumped into must have been standing right there, I thought – and Beeti never revealed her temper around regular people. “You foolish girl – we’ve been looking for you for hours!”
	Had it really been that long? I could hardly fathom how on earth I could have been out here for more than thirty minutes – let alone a few hours! Before I could even contemplate it, Beeti grabbed me by the wrists and began pulling me out of the hedge maze. I protested with all of my might, desperately hoping to see the mysterious man one last time. 
	“Wait!” I still didn’t even know his name! My plea came with such desperation that even the sour-faced Beeti suddenly loosened her grip. It had been no more than a few seconds – I assure you – but in that split second, everything changed. I turned my head, expecting to see him. There had been no sudden sounds; not any kind of rustling in nearby bushes or even a hint of a footprint left behind. My heart sank, but my head filled with curiosity.
	For when I looked back, there was no one there.




12 | Mysteries



	I came out on my balcony that night experiencing a nauseatingly strange feeling. Nothing that had just happened made sense. I had barely met this one person, yet something inside me desperately wanted to see him again! Part of it was utter perplexity at all that had happened. My logical mind simply couldn’t fathom how after only a few seconds he could have simply – just – disappeared. 
	As many times as I tried to go over it in my mind, it still didn’t make any sense to me. For one thing, I still couldn’t figure out how the others didn’t see what I saw. It took me an entire conversation to realize that my encounter had taken place completely alone. 
	“Child – I cannot believe that after all of your training you would display such complete insolence!” Beeti lectured me in the kitchen earlier that night. “You are not ready! Completely unprepared for whatever task we thought that you would be!”
	Why the kitchen, you ask? Well, it was the first and only place in the manor that the last of our guests (mostly the drunk ones) weren’t busy lounging in before they departed. The clatter of pots and the barking orders to the other servants from our cook, Haley King, were enough to shroud our conversation in near-secrecy.
	“Oh, Elissa…” Wren exclaimed, standing next to Beeti and holding her head despairingly. “What on earth were you thinking?”
	“I – I was just getting some air,” I stammered, partially fibbing. Inside, I still wondered heavily about my encounter. Wanting to test what they had seen, I decided to work my way into a full-out lie. “I…I was with that young gentleman. I met him at the party, you see! We both thought that we could use some fresh air and…as we enjoyed getting to know each other and such; he accompanied me.”
	Beeti gave me a strange look. “What gentleman?” 
	At that point, I realized that whatever I had seen – my mind hadn’t played a trick on me. He had actually vanished. I suddenly fell silent, internally vowing to figure out what exactly I had seen. Though, when I sat idly - my aunts craved a reply. 
	“Elissa, what gentleman? Please tell me!” Aunt Wren suddenly clasped my hands and knelt down at my side. 
	It occurred to me that even if I told them everything that actually happened that night, my story still wouldn’t line up. Now both of my aunts were inwardly waiting to hear my story, hoping that somehow I had found someone to court me in a complete miraculous success to their endeavors. I bit my lip for a moment, and then spoke up; conjuring together a completely fabricated a suitor to fit their needs.
	“Well…he was wealthy,” I started, continuing when I saw the immediate glimmer in both of their eyes. “And he was well dressed…and short. We talked for almost an hour, actually. He said he was some sort of duke.” Beeti and Wren both looked as if they were on the edge of their seats. I just had to keep on going now! “And he was single.” 
	The finishing words caused Wren to do all but burst into a girlish squeal. Perhaps she had, and it was just masked by the sounds of the kitchen. Even Beeti was taken aback quite a bit, although still stoic as usual. 
	“Well dressed…short stature… a duke…” Wren searched her mind aloud. Within a few seconds she made her apparent conclusion and gasped. “Beeti – it sounds like she’s caught the attention of Winston Everen!”
	Both of my aunts gasped. Any sign of emotion beyond anger at all was a rarity in Beeti, so this was quite the spectacle. On the other hand – sitting in the corner of the kitchen completely surrounded by my aunts – I felt trapped. Who on earth was Winston Everen? I had to say something – I couldn’t risk fabricating someone that could actually be tracked! 
	“Oh no!” I interjected. “That wasn’t his name! At least, I don’t think it was.”	
	“…Well then…what was it?” They both answered in unison. For a few seconds I struggled to find an answer, but a clever smile rolled across my face as I found the perfect answer. In a way, it was my own sweet revenge.
	“We talked for quite a while, but unfortunately I never found out. He was going to tell me it,” I cleverly told them, a hint of irony in my tone. “But Beeti came screeching for me at the very moment he was starting to speak and scared him away.” 
	There was at least a little bit of truth to what I had said. Beeti fell back, red and silent. After a few moments, she composed herself and spoke up – though avoided looking me directly in the eye. 
	“I suppose that you’re alright then. Just, don’t run off unaccompanied again! You are excused to your chambers.”
	I left the kitchen and maneuvered through the back ways of the servants’ hallways back to my room. The entire way, although I was quite happy that I’d actually found a way to snap at Beeti; I simply couldn’t fathom that she hadn’t seen the boy who had been standing right there. Exactly why I was so consumed with this one question I do not know; but I simply couldn’t bear it.  
	“Maybe he’s just fast…” I muttered out loud. It was the only concretely logical explanation that I had for this.
	My mind whirled at the possibilities as I twisted my key into the lock and entered into my room. The party was already over, and I decided that I would watch the guests leave from my balcony; perhaps in hopes of seeing this mystery boy exit with the rest of the crowd. For some reason, I still couldn’t put it from my mind. Our meeting had felt painfully incomplete, and I just couldn’t bear the thought of being unable to find him again. 
	I looked down and searched through the sea of heads getting into their carriages beside the towering fountain in the driveway below. People went back and forth across the drive, a few apparently drunk. I scanned as thoroughly as I could in the darkness, but I still couldn’t see him anyway.  It was truly a dead end – I mean, why would I see him? I hadn’t even seen his face to begin with! In one final attempt, I looked to the place where we had stood in the garden…but I fell back in heartache and confusion when I saw that he wasn’t there either.
	And so, I entailed my encounter to no one – beginning to wonder myself whether it had all been real or was just some grief-spurred hallucination. 
	A week and a half later, I still wondered about the things that this mysterious person had told me. Now curiosity had been piqued – perhaps at a dangerous time. For, at the same time; things were intensifying with the Magistrate and his witch hunt. And all the while, I wondered about this queen…who she could have been, and where she fit into the history of the foreign man’s country. I couldn’t put the thought of the young foreigner from my mind, my curiosity becoming a hungry monster that could never find satisfaction.
	“And in conclusion, it is Saint Marie-Katherine for whom your islands are named after; the first queen of our land and noble wife of the first Magistrate.” Monica huffed over me a few days later; laboring to sing the artificial praises of the textbook that she was reading aloud from before she quickly slammed it shut. “Now then, that’s over. Let us move on to our next lesson of the day…the story of Jezebel.”
	Monica let out a long, breathy sigh as she begun to read aloud the story of the evil temptress and how she met her demise. I had heard it so many times that it really didn’t seem to matter anymore. I tuned her out, my mind truly elsewhere. My mind drifted back to that place – that so very mysterious place – that it had been going back and forth from for nearly a week now. I couldn’t stop thinking of the mysterious young man in the garden, his intriguing but little known nature. I could remember so much about him, but what was his name?
	 “Elissa!” Monica suddenly shouted, beating her ruler down on my desk and sucking me out of my dream world. “Please pay attention! Do you not understand what this kind of behavior has done to you? This is your future and mine now!” Her look read complete desperation. She quickly heaved back, closed her eyes and quieted. “I’m sorry, Elissa. But please; pay attention. The nuns from the abbey are coming to observe you today!”
	I could tell Monica’s reluctance of this new curriculum from the start. But, there was nothing either of us could do about it. Grandmamma demanded that we become more pious once again. The end result was that all of my other subjects were scrapped in place of Saint and Magisterial Church History. Ironically, none of my required reading had anything to do with faith. The name of Christ hadn’t been used once.
	It was all simply about the glory of our great and wonderful Magistrate.
	“I’m sorry Dr. Blackwood. It won’t happen again,” I reluctantly apologized. 
	“Don’t be,” Monica huffed in reply. She detested this just as much as I did. “Elissa, I have to tell you something before the nuns get here. It’s important that you know this…but tell no one that I have said it.” She suddenly grabbed me by the wrists. “I have to show you something.”
	I got up and followed her a few steps to her grand, wooden desk in the center of the room. She picked up that model – the one of the solar system that I had been fiddling with on the first day – and motioned for me to touch one the small ball that represented our moon.
	“We live in a big universe, Elissa. There are things about it that we still don’t understand…and there are certain things that have been hidden about it. Things that we’re not allowed to know.”
	“What do you mean when you say that we’re not ‘allowed’ to?” I questioned as I traced the sun with my pinky.
	“There are parts of history that lead many to believe that there are other worlds out there…not just life on other planets, but realms beyond our own. There’s even evidence that there were other worlds that once were connected to ours. History gives us only small fragments of what happened…because the first Magistrate wanted it to be completely erased.” 
	Monica spoke quietly, but with much conviction. I looked to her perplexedly.
	“Erased?” I whispered in return. She nodded.
	“You know about the Great War. I believe…because I have studied many ideas…that the Great War is really a remnant of something much bigger that occurred within the universe. You know the stories that come from your people, don’t you? 
	“The lower-class people of society have always passed down stories about monsters, princes, princesses, slaying beasts and dragons. Those stories are not unlike those of other cultures. From what I have studied, those might very well be part of something much bigger. It is evidence that may connect the war to having been caused…or at least somehow interfered with by beings that visited the earth from another world.” 
	I felt myself jolt for a second. Monica was a woman of science – yet her words sounded more like ones coming from one of the folk tales of those considered uncultured and uneducated!
	“You really believe that?” I asked skeptically. “That sounds like it fits in more closely with the fairy tales that I know than with reality.”
	“But don’t you see? The very fact that so many cultures around the globe tell the same story is evidence that something must have happened. If it happened, then there must be a logical explanation! That would mean that it’s not just a fairy tale anymore, Elissa – it’s science!” I could see the passion and conviction conveyed through her eyes in full. It caused me to step back. She continued, but now she spoke in a hushed tone. “All this time…I’ve wanted to teach you science. But, I haven’t been able to…not because I didn’t want to…but because I wasn’t allowed to.”
	“What – why?” I interjected, a wave of confusion suddenly overcoming me. 
	“The truth is that the Magistrate believes most science outside of what he approves of to be a danger to the role of the Church. All of the research I’ve done…all of the theories I’ve seen and came up with…it’s all been in total secrecy.” Monica then looked to me with a graveness that I’d never seen in her before. “The Magistrate thinks that science is in conflict with faith, but it’s really not. The only conflict that it has is with his reign.”
	My mind was now whirling. 15 minutes ago, Monica was teaching me Saint History out of a Magistrate-approved textbook. Now, although she was entirely left-brained; she was talking to me about secret theories that sounded more like pseudoscience! And now she was speaking almost as if she was one of the rebels. Whatever Monica Blackwood was – my mind still whirled at the reason why she must have been saying all of this to me at once.
	“Why…why are you telling me all of this at once? If this is your secret, then why tell me?” I stumbled. Monica drew back, now visibly upset.
	“It’s important that I tell you this now while I can. The nuns aren’t coming to observe you for no reason, Elissa. Your family has decided that my area of expertise isn’t what you need right now. Today is our last lesson together.”
	It wasn’t something I had ever expected to feel in this situation – but my heart suddenly dropped. How could she just leave like this? Who could possibly replace her? “But…who will be my teacher?” I meekly asked.
	A parade of footsteps coming from down the hallway was my answer. As soon as their clamoring reached Monica’s ears she swiftly pushed the model out of sight and urged me to sit up in my seat. 
	“It’s the nuns!” She whispered frantically. “Hurry, open this on your desk! Act as if you’ve been immersed in it for hours!” 
	She handed me a copy of one of my required reading hardbacks. It was a genealogy book of all the characters of the bible and the names of their famous descendants.  She quickly cracked it open in front of me and thumbed to the page with the lineage of the wretched Queen Jezebel. The footsteps seemed to be gathering steam now, and as they approached Monica made sure to grab her own textbook and prop it open. Almost within the same second, a cheery but timid-looking woman cloaked in black popped her head in through the door. Two others followed behind her. 
	“Ah – Sister Marie-Katherine! Welcome! We were just in the middle of one of our daily lessons!” Monica smiled, looking up from her book as if she’d truly been teaching from it at that very moment. “Won’t you please come in?”
	Sister Marie-Katherine smiled and gave her a quiet nod. Ironic, isn’t it?  I thought, the nun that’s been assigned to me is named for my own islands! My defenses up, I wondered if this could have been some emotional weapon that someone else had contrived. Truthfully, it wasn’t; but my mind still hadn’t stopped spinning from Monica’s first announcement. 
	The nun came to me, smiled and patted my hand sweetly. She looked down at the page that my book had been turned to and lit – not with any kind of bubbliness – but with a look of discernment and knowledge. “You are learning about Jezebel today, are you?”
	“Um…yes….uh, I am.” I quietly answered, not quite realizing what page the book had actually been turned to. 
	“She was a wretched woman. Don’t strive to be like her. Probably the most hated name in the entire realm to this day!” Marie-Katherine bluntly warned. She then looked to Monica softly. “Dr. Blackwood, we know this field well. If you please, we can take the rest of her lesson from here.”
	“Sister Marie-Katherine, with all due respect…I might be well rooted in science, but I can teach a biblical history lesson.” Dr. Blackwood quickly replied.
	“I’m sorry, but the Lady of the House insists upon it.” Silence fell on Dr. Blackwood and I. Her solemn appearance said it all – and the words came and hit us both now as if they were etched in stone. This was no observation. This was an invasion. They weren’t moving in tomorrow – they were taking it over today. 
	The next thing I knew, the nuns actually began shooing her out. They obviously weren’t going to let her finish this one last lesson with me. There must have been 100 things going on at that moment that I couldn’t see or understand! Why was I the person that she’d chosen to entrust these theories with before she left?
	 I don’t know how Monica could have seen that question looming inside of me. Somehow, she did. Before she left the door, Dr. Blackwood gave me a clear answer. When the nuns turned their backs Monica faced me and mouthed these words to me: Because you’re made for more than this. Then, she was gone. Just like a mist in the wind, Monica had vanished from my life. She’d left her secrets with me, and I prayed that one day I would see her again.




13 | Notes



	“Elissa! Where are you?” A voice called to me, rustling through the bushes of the hedge maze later that month. 
	I had come here almost every day in hopes of finding an answer to exactly what had happened on that crisp February night. It seemed that although the world around me was intensifying in its accusations, I still only had questions as to what really went on. And all of the while, strange things had begun happening all around the manor. I could feel a constantly eerie, looming presence all around me. But, I didn’t seek an explanation. Doing so during the Magistrate’s tirade would be much too dangerous. I looked over my shoulder deep in my thoughts, seeing the beautiful but hidden Sister Marie-Katherine pop her cloaked head out from the bushes.
	“Elissa, the mail has come!” She told me, her soft but stern demeanor glowing in the growing warmth of March. I admired her knowledge and dedication, though sometimes I couldn’t understand what would cause her to choose this life. She looked to me softly, as if she was all-knowing. “You come out here every day. Why?”
	I let out a sigh. Of all people, I wondered if she would ever be able to understand.
	“I just…feel as if I’ve left something here unfinished. But I can’t quite understand what.”
	Sister Marie-Katherine looked to me discerningly. “Is it love? I may be a nun, but I do know about love.”
	“Actually…I’m still not quite sure.” I exhaled deeply. All of this had been coming at me at once. There was the matter of my name…of the encounter…and of Monica’s theory. My mind was still whirling, and I’m sure that the Sister could see that. She fell silent, posing no further.
	“Well then, let’s go inside and see what has come for you. Lady Wren is rather excited.”
	That was my first clue that this must have had something to do with suitors. Why else would Wren or anyone else in this house get worked up? I would find that my suspicions were right. And somehow, I would find that this Winston Everen wasn’t quite just a clever conjuring after all. 
	“Oh, Elissa my dear!” Wren exclaimed when I met her in the foyer, squealing and pulling me into her embrace. “You’ve had so many letters come for you today! There are suitors writing you from as far as the Southern Country!”
	Really? What planet was I on now? The ball had been nearly a month ago – and I apparently hadn’t even been there long enough to be considered an attendee. Honestly, I had only noticed snobby, stuck up aristocrats who had barely paid any attention to me after they had announced my name. Where were these “suitors?” Apparently, they did take notice of me for the short time I was present – because Wren handed me five letters from single young men claiming to have been there. In complete astonishment, I tore open one and began reading it to myself:

Dearest Devereaux Family,

	I write to send my cordial greetings to you all, especially to your new ward Celeste. She is a quite intriguing young woman and I applaud your work with her. My family will not be vacationing in your part of the country until our summer holiday; but when we do, I wish to visit with your family, especially with Lady Celeste. 

Yours truly,
Winston Everen
Duke of the Northern Coast

	I finished reading the letter and handed it to Wren in astonishment. Wren came into equal shock and handed it to Beeti. Beeti froze, and Stella snatched the letter from her lifeless hands. When she so much as glanced at it; Stella stepped to the side, silent and apparently fuming.
	“Mother,” she sourly asked Beeti while she jealously held the letter. “Did any letters come for me?” Beeti shot her back a stark, irritated look.
	“No, daughter. I’m afraid not.”
	Stella continued to fume. It was a terrible feeling for her, I’m sure. What it would later cause – I had no idea that Stella was capable of. Yet at the moment, I couldn’t contemplate this. I opened up two more of the letters and passed them around. They all said the same thing – that some wealthy man had taken notice of me, and wished to visit with me. Though, none of them stood out to me as much as Winston Everen’s letter.
	I honestly can’t tell you what the look on my face must have been at that moment. I couldn’t decide whether I was astonished that Winston Everen actually hadn’t been a mere figment of my story – or if I was floored that I had just found out I had somehow attracted the duke of my part of the country. How could I have forgotten the Everens? They owned the fishing company that my Papa worked for! 
	The one that we almost starved because of.
	My mind suddenly whirled back to that thought, and none of the suitors mattered anymore. Well, truthfully – none of them actually mattered to me more than perhaps an inch to begin with. I searched the stack of letters and suddenly saw one with a much more familiar address. It was Una’s. Before I had the chance to crack it open, I stopped myself. All of the women in the room had their eyes on me, looking as if they were waiting for me to grant them either life or death. 
	“…Elissa…” Wren softly started. “Will you see them? Will you court these suitors?”
	Finding myself in an emotional bind, I bit my lower lip. I didn’t care to get married yet. It would mean I would be confined to this life permanently, and there was no way around that. But then again, it was only courting. I knew that underneath it all it would only be a part of the healthy looking Devereaux façade that they wanted me to maintain for them. If anyone was going to get married in this house, I was sure that they weren’t going to allow it to be me. 
	“I…I don’t know. I must go,” I meekly told them, rushing to my room with the midwife’s letter and literally throwing all of the others away. 
	I locked myself in the room, throwing myself on the bed and cradling the letter in my hands. But…as hard as I tried, I simply couldn’t find it in myself to open it. Perhaps it was that I had a sense that the words were already dark; or maybe it was just my reluctance to remember the still-present pain that I had tried to leave behind. After what felt like an eternity of trying, I decided to leave it beside my bed – the inside untouched and the envelope unopened. The object sat there untouched for quite some time. In fact, I ended up making my mind up about the suitors before I even did about the envelope!
	“I have decided…” I told my family that night at dinner, “I will begin doing as you wish and accepting suitors. But, I will accept no marriage proposals. Not until I’m in my permanent caste.”
	The entire family nearly erupted into applauds at the news. Exactly why I came to that decision, I still don’t know; but at least it was something to do. Perhaps I could even have a little bit of fun with it. There was also a small glimmer of me…one that hoped that perhaps there was a small chance…that one of these suitors would turn out to be my shrouded mystery man from the party. All of the family rejoiced except for silent, sour-faced Stella and her mother, Beeti. Though, Beeti simply sat silently. Stella, on the other hand; fumed with jealousy. It was a jealousy sharp enough to cause her to come up with a rather sinister plan.
	“That is wonderful!” Grandmamma chimed up, letting out a cough mid-sentence. “I told you that Sister Marie-Katherine would sharpen Elissa like no other! We must give her more lessons – then she will be ready to begin courting!”
	They did just that. My lessons became more frequent, and they now begun priming me even more than they had previously. Strangely, as I went along with what they wanted – the more “ready” they suggested I had become. The Magistrate’s meeting with me had now been given a date. My lessons had been planned in a tight schedule that would allow for my presentation to take place on the 21st of November; just over a month after my 17th birthday. I continued my lessons that month, constantly wondering about the mysterious person that I had met. I hoped that he was one of the suitors. 
	I devised a plan, coming up with specific questions and tactics to use on these suitors to see if they were the one that I was dying to find. I didn’t necessarily want love from any of this. I was simply a detective, eager to solve the mystery. All the while, I still couldn’t help but notice an eerie, looming presence. It felt as if I was constantly being watched. 
	I kept it to myself, of course. Things had begun heating up in the realm even more than I had bargained for. It would heat to a boil and finally spill over one morning in mid-March.
	“Elissa, milady!” Emily called at my door. “You must come downstairs. The Magistrate is doing a mandatory emergency broadcast! All of the servants and the family are required to listen!”
	I followed her into the hallway and covered my bedclothes with a satin robe. When I entered the den, I found a cluster of high-ranking servants tending to family members as we all gathered around the large, grey radio atop the fireplace. Beeti asked for a show of hands.
	“Everyone here?” She asked. We all nodded, and she motioned for her personal servant to press a large button that had been inscribed with the word: on. 
	As soon as it had been pressed, the box rocked the room with its screeching. When the radio came into focus – I suppose that’s what you’d call it – music played steadily over the airwaves. The Imperial Anthem played, and we all sat in silence waiting for the Magistrate to come on. I felt as though my ears would bleed at the very sound of his hatred.
	“Men and women of the realm,” he began. It seemed that even the beating of our hearts fell quiet. Goosebumps formed on my arms as the evil man spoke. The entire time, I couldn’t stop thinking about the fact that once the last leaf of the autumn had fallen, I would have to meet this man.
	“Our land is still in great drought. Conspiracy is abundant. Many of you are exposed on a daily basis to the primeval stories of the heathen castes. Sorcery has become more prevalent among them. Traitors live in every corner of our world. They exist even among the aristocracy. It’s time to root them out.” 
	Emily and I exchanged worried glances. No one else of Devereaux blood shared my worries. Emily stood in the far corner, nervously clutching her fists. What the Magistrate would say next would come as a great shock. All of the tales the world had once dismissed would become somehow, in large part, believed.
	“It has long been rumored that the Great War was not caused by the evil deeds of our sinful ancestors. It is well known that any talk of ‘supernatural beings’ that ‘roamed with us’ are bold-faced lies. They are as evil as the witchcraft threatening to destroy our homes!”
	 What must he have feared?  He had never once acknowledged it – and now he was…defending himself against it? The next words caused me to jump up in shock.
	 “This is dangerous to our people. Our fight must intensify – and that is why I announce to you all today that the crime of sorcery is being given a new punishment. Guilty parties will be sentenced to death.” My chest became heavy and tight. This fear was all of ours, and it was being realized as he spoke. 
	“To win this war, there will be 25 offending districts that will be put under surveillance. 14 that will fall under the title of Complete Restriction until further notice. I will list these districts for the sake of public awareness.”
	I felt a lump grow in my throat – unsure whether it was of anger or fear. I knew what Complete Restriction meant. Nothing came into the land, and nothing came out of it. The unfit were not cared for under Complete Restriction. The mentally unfit were said to be treated the very worst…as they were thought totally useless. I held my breath as he recited the names. 
	“Territories under surveillance: The Western Highlands, St. Harris Sound, Port Mayberry, the National Inlands (Central), Brie, London…”
	The list went on.
	“…York, Brimington, Abbot Island…”
	I prayed that they were only under surveillance; but it wouldn’t account for much. If it was on that list…the status could change at any time. He went on, the list torturously long. I feared that he would reach the end, and my island would be the first one under complete restriction. But the next name caused me to cringe.
	“The St. Marie-Katherine Isles.”
	“No!” I stood up in complete despair. My face paled, my lip quivering. I wasn’t going to stay for the rest. I couldn’t bear it. 
	“Elissa, please come sit back down!” Wren called behind me, “it’s mandatory!”
	Although I had maneuvered far past the den, I could still hear the radio clearly. There was no place I could escape from it.
	“Denver, Elion, Corbel…” the voice echoed through the walls. 
	I maneuvered through the twisting servants’ halls until I reached my room. I took my key and twisted it in the lock. In less than a single heartbeat, I leapt onto my bed, reached onto the side table and ripped open the envelope.
	I forgot about all of the other things that had concerned me. I had let go of my fascination with my “mystery.” I forgot about my many suitors. All I could think about was my dad.

	“Dearest Elissa,” the letter began: “I write to inform you of your father’s health. He is doing better physically, and is still healing mentally. I have put him in the community wellness center, where I am visiting him four times a week to observe him and act as advocate. I will keep my promise to the very furthest extent of my ability. 
	We have been informed here on the island that we will soon be coming under surveillance. Don’t be alarmed – we will be alright. Things are not as bad as they seem. Our trade here is too important to the Empire for the Magistrate to put us under CR. I will continue to check on your father. Remain strong and prayerful. – Una” 

	The letter left me with a brief sense of relief. I know how strange it sounds, but it did. Maybe I was just numb. There was nothing I could do anymore. The Katie Isles were no longer my home – they couldn’t be. There was nothing left for me there. I didn’t even have the energy to mourn anymore.
	It was time to let go. I knew that it was the only way. I closed my eyes and said a short prayer, lifting my arms to the heavens. Even then, I hadn’t fully let go. I never would. I simply had to move forward. 
	“Lady Elissa, are you alright?” Emily poked her head through the door.
	“Yes, I’m okay.” I sighed. “Is anyone having a fit over my leaving?”
	“No, your grandmother only wanted me to check on you.” Emily soon looked over at my side table and gave me a peculiar stare. “Is that a new letter?”
	I held up the one I had just read. “You mean this?” 
	“No, there’s another one. A new one! I didn’t see it when I came in this morning.” She pointed at the side table again. 
	New? I recollected as I looked toward the spot where she was pointing. My eye caught onto another unopened envelope sitting in the very same spot as my other one had. Why didn’t I notice that before? I asked myself, quickly reaching for it and tearing the seal. The note itself was even stranger than where I’d found it:

	“Fate chooses those who least expect it. Go into the garden.”

	I wasn’t completely sure who the note was from, but it looked to be Sister Marie-Katherine’s handwriting. If it wasn’t hers, it was certainly uncanny. I tossed the note aside and asked Emily to grab one of my dresses. She picked out a blue shawl and draped it over my head before I bolted to the door.  If the Sister wanted to meet with me – she must have had good reason to summon me in such a strange way.
	Or, at least I thought was the case.
	I went to my usual spot in the garden. I waded through the ocean of trees and searched the clearing, but she was nowhere to be found. 
	I didn’t go back inside. Instead, I decided that it may be a good way to clear my head if I were to take a walk. I lowered the shawl, wrapping it over my shoulders and taking a new path. It was one that started at the end of the clearing and spanned deep into the forest. I’d never been down it before, so it seemed like a good idea to try something new. 
	I started down the trail, not even stopping at the end of the property. I wasn’t technically allowed to leave, but I didn’t care. The thought of leaving on my own accord was tantalizing. 
	No one would ever have to know anyway.
	I continued down the path, enchanted by the trees and their stubbly branches. They were lined with little green buds that would soon become leaves. I felt a wave of contentment as I walked through a grove cherry blossoms bursting into bloom.
	I stopped, looking up toward the sky, fragments of light passing through the trees overhead. I lost myself in the moment and felt my hard shell of sorrow cracking under the weight of the sun. When I closed my eyes and moved forward, I felt my body suddenly clash with another. I nearly toppled over when I recognized the figure.
	“I’m sorry!” He begged an apology behind strange, lustrous eyes. “Elissa, please forgive me for startling you like this.”
	I froze. There was absolutely no way. 
	“Oh…my….word.” I stammered at their cat-like glow. “It’s you! The person – the one I met at the ball!” I studied his features and was overcome by the oddest of feelings. I began raving, my tone changing to that of a lunatic. “All this time, I’ve wondered if you were real…and you actually are! …Or, are you?” 
	I reached out and awkwardly flicked him on the arm. He seemed real, but I still wasn’t sure. I awkwardly reached out again to make sure just one last time. It felt like a human arm, but I was still questioning my sanity. He withdrew, both amused and slightly disturbed.
	“Um…I believe I am…” he told me confusedly. “We’re both here, aren’t we?”
	I studied his features. I guessed he was somewhere between 18 and 20. In the light, I could see that he was well built. There was something in his stance that testified to strength. He wasn’t abnormally muscular – but goodness, he was he tall. Even taller than I’d thought before. Proportionate nonetheless. 
	His skin was milk, his hair the color of burnt honey. There was a sapphire glint underneath his cheeks, giving new meaning to the term “blueblood.” It wasn’t a pale, dead blue as some had. It had been touched with a paintbrush of silvery rose.
	The eyes…I honestly couldn’t figure them out. Hazel, maybe? It was almost like they were changing color.  
	There was no doubt in my mind that this was him. I remembered the discourtesy of his last visit and the trouble it had gotten me into. Even though I had wanted to find him all this time, I wasn’t feeling warm and bubbly. 
	“Why are you here? If you are real – and not some clever hallucination of mine – then tell me exactly who you are.” I grabbed a broken tree branch and held it in front of me as a puny defense. “And exactly how you just disappeared like that!”
	“Elissa – just hand me the stick and calm down,” he moved closer to me. I held the stick even higher.
	“How do you know my name?” I held the skinny branch as if it were a sword capable of impalement. He expelled a deep breath and lowered the pathetic stick to the ground.
	“You told it to me, remember?” 
	“You think this is funny?” I still wouldn’t budge. “One moment you show up and romance me out of the bushes – then the next moment you’re gone! I have no explanations as to who you are, or where you keep on coming from! I don’t even know your name.” 
	Even through my lunatic ranting, he remained composed. It was clearly amusing on his part. The mysterious young man raised his arms and walked steadily toward me, as if to say he intended no harm. 
	“I promise I’m not going to hurt you. I was only taking a walk through the forest. And I promise that I wasn’t following you at all,” he assured. “In fact – I’ve never seen you venture outside of those gates. Shouldn’t you be concerned about getting lost?”
	Now I could tell that he was being playful. He pointed to the towering landmark of the estate, lightening the moment. I let out a tiny laugh, remembering the bittersweet concoction of feelings I’d just escaped from.
	“Well…I suppose that our manor is a bit hard to miss…considering that it’s big enough to be an international landmark.” 
	I soon quieted. I remembered my task, finally able to grasp the pinnacle of my curiosities. I wasn’t going to let him slip through my fingers again.
	“Honestly, why are you here? Do you come here often? Do you live close by?”
	“You ask so many questions,” the mysterious youth told me, clearly avoiding a reply. 
	“At least give me some kind of closure,” I huffed, completely unhinging my frustration. “I’m not trying to pursue you! You got me into quite a lot of trouble with my guardians the last time. I only want to know who you are!”
	“Why so curious?” The young man posed, apparently interested. “Most people would simply let go of it and move on.”
	“I don’t exactly know why. I’m not most people,” I told him. “When something happens that I don’t understand I try to find an explanation.” 
	The boy relaxed. I saw a reluctant smile form in the corner of his mouth. He felt guilty – maybe that he owed me a reply. For some reason, my cleverness caused a sort of odd charm to surface in him. However, the young man still proceeded with caution. 
	“Elissa, I am quite sorry about the other night. I had to leave rather abruptly…” he trailed off, searching for something believable. “My uncle was waiting for me in the drive. In any case, I left before I had the chance to introduce myself. I will allow you to ask whatever you like. I may not give all of your questions an answer, but at least start by telling me what you’d like to know.”
	In a single motion, the gentleman motioned for me to take his arm. Small buds became loosed from the canopy and wisped around in the breeze as we walked. A few of them gracefully settled onto my shoulders and collected like tiny snowflakes in my hair. The mystery man seemed intrigued, even mesmerized.
	 The beauty in the moment was quickly lost.  Just as I opened my mouth to speak – one of the blossoms flew into my mouth. I awkwardly hacked on it until it had been dislodged from the back of my throat.
	 “First, if I can’t know your country can you at least tell me if you’re living close by?” I started after having to gracelessly blow another blossom off my lip. I could see that he was choking on laughter – trying with all of his mite as a gentleman to keep it from surfacing.
	“Yes…you could say that.” He told me, still trying to hold back the hysterics inside.
	“Where then? Where do you come from?” I quizzed him again, this time more along the lines of an interrogation. 
	“I told you, I wouldn’t answer them all. I will not tell you where I come from, but I can say that I presently reside close-by.” I could tell he was cautioning himself.
	“Very well. Do you come here often?” 
	“Actually, I don’t come here very often at all. It’s the first time I’ve ventured into these parts of the forest,” A sudden grin crept onto his face. “But considering that you’re here, I’m glad that I did.”
	I must have blushed, because he started laughing. I don’t know what came over me, but there was a fluttering sensation in my stomach that resulted in a giggle. Someone help me. His flattery came at the precise moment to halt my questions. Though, it didn’t last long.
	“What do they call you?” I softly asked. He stopped, searching his mind in hesitancy.
	“I am known by quite a few names…but you may call me Rhys.” He knelt to kiss my hand.
	 It was the top of the hour, and the town clock began to chime. I didn’t dare turn my head. Something in me still couldn’t help but to wish that this wouldn’t be our last encounter. My curiosity had been only momentarily pinned down. I wasn’t going to let him vanish from me again.
	“Very well then, Rhys,” I struggled to tell him, standing against a caving door of emotion. I gazed at him, filled with innocent wonder as I proceeded. “I suppose – I suppose I have to go. Will I ever see you again?”
	I could tell that he was holding back as well. The answer he gave was bittersweet. 
	“Perhaps we’ll cross paths again.” 
	I heard the clock strike again – this time making the mistake of turning my head. When I looked back again, I saw that once again he was completely gone.  





14 | Courting Horses



	Over the next few months, I visited the garden frequently but never saw Rhys. Even more unfortunate was the fact that I had to follow through with my agreement. Until the very first day of summer, my family primed me for the game of courtship. I could have lamented over it – being forced to court five snobbish bachelors – and believe me, I did. 
	Why had I said yes before I had known? Rhys wasn’t one of the suitors, and it was apparent that he was wholly uninterested. That was something I was 100% sure of, faulty as my intuition was. His careful let-down after our stroll in the forest was more than enough to tell me that. It felt like a selfish obsession on my part.
	I accepted the courtships as a sort of punishment for my stupidity.
	“Get up milady!” Emily told me at sunrise the first morning. “Lord Gregory Gellman will be arriving in two hours!”
	Right, I recalled as I groggily arose from bed that morning. It’s the first day of summer. I sat up, sensing a headache come on. I was already well acquainted with Lord Gregory alright – conceivably more than I should have been. When I say my preparation for this moment had been meticulous, I mean that the facts about these men were literally ground into me.  
	If I thought balancing books on my head was hard – I should have tried balancing the books while memorizing the names, birthdays, likes, dislikes and other key facts about the wealthy dukes and dignitaries coming to visit. It was no breeze, I can tell you that much. 
	And, to be honest; it didn’t make me enjoy the idea of courting them any more than I already had. 
	“You should wear this…oh wait…”Emily told me after pulling me out of bed and leading me to the closet. After rooting through several outfits for comparison, she pulled out a deep blue dress and a straw sun hat; contemplatively holding it up next to my face to see if it matched my complexion. “…Yes, this will work. With a pair of pearl earrings, you’ll look perfect!”
	“Don’t you feel…that I shouldn’t be so formal?” I interrupted her, partially stalling and also attempting to do whatever I could to make myself look as undesirable as possible. Emily stared at me, baffled.
	“Well, this isn’t too formal. But, if you like I will give you something plainer for your outing.” She rustled through the closet again, pulling out a pink dress. I shook my head no; still not content with its extravagance. It took 3 more tries until I settled on a very toned down, white cotton dress with tiny vertical stripes. Even then, Emily was still baffled. “I don’t know Elissa…it’s awfully plain. It seems more like leisure wear than something for a formal outing.”
	“No! No! It’s perfect,” I insisted. If this was leisure wear, so be it. I would have been happy to have seemed in any way frumpy or unattractive. “It’s just what I need!”
	Nearly reluctant allow me to wear it; Emily helped me slip into the dress and topped my head with the large-brimmed straw hat. When I came down for breakfast that morning, my family held their breath. What had I planned to do, coming dressed like this? 
	“You’re dressed quite lavishly today,” Stella cynically rolled her eyes at me from across the breakfast table. Her face read a sour, poorly concealed flame from within. After all – she wasn’t the one going on an outing with Lord Gregory Gellman. She wasn’t being vouched for by Winston Everen either. Internally, she turning was a covetous green – plotting her revenge, whatever it could be. Though, I would have honestly traded places with her any day.
	“Thank you, Stella. You look rather marvelous today yourself.” It was all I told her in reply before the maids came and quickly took up our plates. 
	They hurried us from our seats as the doorman announced that Lord Gregory Gellman was making a quite eager and untimely arrival. Like clockwork, we assembled in our places at the front of the manor and watched Lord Gregory pull up in his carriage and jovially touch the brim of his top hat before he made his way out. The moment that he saw me, I could have sworn that the boy nearly lost himself and jogged over. Covered in sweat, he grabbed my hand and attempted to flatter it with a kiss. 
	It was nowhere near as suave as one that would have come from Rhys.
	“Lady Celeste,” Gregory began, his voice shaking. “I have been so hoping to see you! I have….a wonderful…day planned for us.” He stopped speaking, probably for the best anyway. If he would have proceeded, the poor boy would have thrown up on me. He hooked his arm around mine and politely followed the rest of my family back to the manor. Yes, I absolutely dreaded this. 
	Though, I actually had a plan. Unattractive as it might have been – I did not care what Gregory had planned for me. I was going to surprise him with a treacherous day of exercise in the outdoors. Unless he was completely infatuated with me; my ploy would surely send him running in the opposite direction.
	“You have plans for today?” I suddenly piped up as we entered through the towering wooden door, “So do I!” 
	“Oh…really?” Gregory stammered in surprise. He had no idea what was in store.
	I challenged him with a day filled with riding, climbing, and running around in the intense heat of the day. I was determined to appear to him as if I was a complete, rigid feminist with girlish looks but a boyish inside. If he was anything like I had studied – he should have been completely put-off by this attitude. Gregory was completely unathletic also, so that turned to be a total plus. 
	“You sure you can take it?” I called to him loudly as we trotted across an open field in the hottest part of the June afternoon. My horse was running fairly fast and paraded several hundred feet ahead of Gregory while he struggled to keep up. 
	“Yes – I believe that I can!” He shouted back, clearly out of breath. I pulled back the reigns of my horse and came to a slow halt. It took nearly two minutes for him to catch up with me, but when he did he gazed at me, practically gasping for air; and released a slight grin.  “For a girl in a dress, you are quite the rider.”
	As I always did when I was upset, I bit my lower lip. There was a desperate hope I had that somehow, this would turn him off. Yet now…it seemed to be doing the opposite. I quickly jolted the reigns of my horse and galloped away from him in a swift, mannish challenge to see if he would grow tired of keeping up with me once more. This had to work, unless he was completely besotted by me. 
	Unfortunately, Gregory fell into the category of complete infatuation.
	By the end of the day, I was sure he must have hated me. I’d used him to plow numerous fields, sent him up trees, and even caused him swallow some turf when he fell off of his horse onto the ground. Had we not had a spare set of trousers for him in our female-dominated household; Gregory would have shown up at dinner covered in grass stains and sweat.
	Still, this could not deter him.
	“My sweet petal…of a spring flower!” Gregory serenaded me later in the evening, smelling of grass and sweat after he pulled me outside alone on the balcony. My relatives all positioned themselves silently but eagerly against the windows inside. “My angel…of glorious roses! Shall I see you yet again?”
	I rolled my eyes. No, Gregory. I don’t want to see you again and spend another hour and a half at dinner talking about all of your accolades. I didn’t know what to tell him, realizing that no matter what I said or did there would be no way to let him down easily. I could in no way deter him now – but luckily, I didn’t have to. Cousin Stella, with completely different motives; did so for me.
	“So, Lord Gregory….” Stella abrasively interrupted us, parading onto the patio after no more than a few seconds of alone time.  I quickly studied her demeanor. She had changed into a much more provocative set of clothes…unashamedly clinging to every single one of her curves. She leaned over the railings of the patio as if she were teasing him. He looked up, suddenly infatuated. “I hear your family owns several villas in the South? Do tell me of them.”
	“Oh, yes…we do. Of course I will tell you!” Gregory nervously exclaimed at this attractive newcomer whom he’d failed to notice early in her plain, childish attire.
	“Let us stroll through the garden; and we can share these fantastic tales!” Stella glared at me, hooking her arm into his. She felt as if she had won something against me, I was sure. But in all honesty, I was thankful for this loss. I could only fall back and relief when the day was over and Gregory was gone. 
	The rest of the family however, was appalled by this behavior. 
	“How dare you interfere with her affairs!” Grandmamma scolded Stella at her bedside the next day. “This is Elissa’s courtship – not yours! Because of your audacious behavior, Lord Gregory Gellman has slipped through our fingers!”
	I’m sure that Stella wasn’t at all surprised by it; she knew she had it coming. But, she took the words in stride. It had obviously all been worth it. Beeti stood in the corner of the room, glaring and silent but filled with a secret pride in her daughter’s actions.
	“With all due respect Grandmamma, he hasn’t slipped through our fingers. He simply has taken interest in me over her. And rightfully so!” Stella haughtily snapped back. 
	Though confined to her bed, Grandmamma mustered enough strength to sit up; nearly swatting the girl. It was obvious that Beeti wasn’t going to reprimand her daughter. She glared at her granddaughter so harshly that Stella stopped her sneering.
	 “No, it was not ‘rightfully so!’ You are too young to wed. Elissa is not even accepting a marriage proposal from these men until she feels she is old enough to make up her mind! In any case, you are to stay away from Elissa’s suitors. When will you ever learn? These suitors are not coming to choose between the two of you! This is about her. Not you!”
	The last two words seared through Stella’s pride. She fell silent, brewing with more anger inside than she ever had before. She didn’t interfere with my suitors anymore beyond doing anything but displaying her usual, grating nature for all to see. And meanwhile, over the next two months I went through four more suitors – maddeningly going through the same series of introductions and superficial day trips over and over again. Although Gregory only visited for a day, all of the others seemed to stay at least one day longer than the last until their stays became painfully drawn-out in an attempt to be certain that they would win me.
	All of them were incredibly obnoxious for men of such great wealth and power. They were a group whose affairs I quickly became tiresome over. Each one seemed to either be in love with themselves or feel the need to go on and on about some strange accomplishment. After Gregory, there came Hubert Hackley; as 22 year old heir to a fortune made by his father in the horse breeding industry. 
	“We have the finest horses in all of New Kennington,” Hubert proudly illuminated over dinner on his second night; his mouth full of food as he spoke. 
	“Is that so?” Wren uncomfortably asked, closing her eyes in an attempt to ignore his poor table manners.
	“Yes indeed! Celeste – you grew up in the rough of it, so I’m told. Perhaps you know the secret to having a well bred horse?” He spun around to face me, practically spitting his food in my face as he spoke. It must have been rhetorical, because just as I opened my mouth to reply –he went on and informed me anyway.
	“It’s all in the blood of the stallion!” He quickly interrupted. “Why, with a good stallion and a few lucky mares you can have a full, thoroughbred herd within a year’s time! This season we’ve successfully produced over 200.” Lucky. I cringed at his terminology. He continued, absolutely smitten with the topic. “Oh, the artificial method is the only way to do it right, I tell you! The natural process is so much slower compared to the way we –”
	Grandmamma quickly put up her hand and halted him. “Hubert, I grew up as an avid equestrian. We are all well aware of the anatomy and if you please; I would prefer that you not make us aware of your methods at the dinner table.”
	After that, Hubert abruptly went home.
	Then there was Albert, the 19 year old son of a wealthy plantation owner in the Southeast. He stayed with us for three days, and all he could speak of was a strange fixation that he had with pineapples. After Albert, there came Reginald Lawson. Yes, that Reginald. Just when I thought I could take talk of horses no longer; I was forced to spend a full four days with one in mid-July. 
	It was a very stale courtship. Oddly enough, Reginald never actually expressed much interest in me at all. All he ever wished to do was talk about how his great grandfather founded the famous Lawson Trout. It was all his family ate, and apparently he had 80 ponds stocked full of them. If that was all his family ate, I guessed the creature must have been contaminated with something that caused imminent stupidity. Nothing came of us; but my week with Reginald didn’t go unnoticed by Stella. I was now stepping into her territory by infiltrating her circle of friends – and she continually seethed with envy. 
	This is about her. Not you! The words tore across her psyche. They did more than tear, they burned. Now she couldn’t put the thought from her mind – the thought of her own revenge. And, Beeti wasn’t going to hinder this. In fact, although her hand was nowhere in this plot, she was going to encourage it. For, deep down beneath it all – they both had ulterior motives. 
	 In the beginning of August, I was prepared to spend the week with my last and most pretentious suitor, Winston Everen. He was of the 2nd caste because of his lineage, but he was still more than willing to pursue me despite the risks associated with moving down a step. I didn’t know what to expect from Winston, but I did know that he had power over the Katie Isles. I wasn’t going to shy away from giving him a piece of my mind.
	“Milady,” he bowed. “I am pleased to meet you. I know that it is a bit sudden, but would you like to accompany me into the forest?”
	Surprised at his immediate invitation, I nodded. I still don’t know exactly why – but none of my suitors had been daring enough to venture into the forest. Having more than a few words for him, I slyly told him yes. 




15 | Battle of Wits



	“Tell me, Celeste. Why is it that you enjoy the forest so much?” Winston asked as we strolled down the dirt path. 
	I wondered how he could have known about my fixation with it, but I honestly hadn’t been paying attention either way. I was too busy rooting through my mind of the case I was going to make about the suffering of my friends in the Isles. 
	“Who told you about that?”
	“Your relatives, of course.”
	Alright, obviously he was interested enough to have done his homework. Maybe he wasn’t as into himself as the others. But, I still wasn’t going to let that stop me from telling him what I had planned to all along.
	“I’m not going to keep this waiting any longer,” I interjected. “You’re responsible for my homeland. You know where I come from. Why do you think I’d be so eager to spend time with you?
	“Excuse me…?” I could tell he was stunned.
	“Are you not aware of the suffering of your own people?” 
	Winston was (oddly enough) everything I’d described to Wren and Beeti to an absolute tee. Though, apart from the negatives he did have a rather charming smile sitting on top of his bright, olive-colored complexion. He puffed out his chest as if he was oh-so-dignified. 
	“What do you mean ‘suffering’? You mean to tell me that I’m not aware of life in my own region?” 
	“That’s exactly what I mean to tell you.” I snapped back.
	“You insinuate that I know nothing,” Winston reddened. “I am a duke!”
	 “Being a duke doesn’t give you knowledge. Life in the Northern Coast is a nightmare. I’ve lived it. Though, I suppose you’re too far removed from reality to realize that.”
	“‘Far removed’? Well then, how far removed am I?” Now he faced me with just as much determination, but instead only challenged me to give him my reply. “Tell me what you think of me.”
	I exhaled. There were far too many things to list. I decided to start with just one.
	“Considering how little you do for the Northern Coast, I don’t believe you understand very much…”
	“Go on,” he urged. “Tell me what you believe about me so that I might clarify it.”
	He seemed to be genuine, but I worried that it might all be just a façade. Would he use his power against me? Apparently he realized this, too. 
	“I won’t punish you for telling me. Just allow me to know what you believe about me.”
	“Alright, I’ll say it then,” I cleverly replied. “How far removed are you? Well, like most of the other suitors – I can only naturally assume that you’re so far removed from reality that you believe the sky is made of taffeta and the ground is made of small flecks of gold.”
	“The only flecks of gold here, Mademoiselle,” Winston swooned, “are the ones in your hazel eyes.”
	“Winston, don’t flatter me. I’m attempting to have a real discussion with you! And, my eyes aren’t hazel. They’re brown.”
	His ill charm and flattery weren’t working on me as they would have done on most women. In some odd way, it piqued his interest.
	“You know, you are quite bold for a woman. And quite bold in standing up to the duke of your people nonetheless,” he told me in response. Though, there was no threatening hinge to his words. Instead, I caught a small glimmer in his eye. “I’ll tell you what. I will discuss your political ideologies with you – just so long as you continue walking with me. Let us make it into a battle of wits.”
	“A battle of wits, you say?” I daringly challenged. “And what is at stake in this battle?”
	“Hmm…” Winston mischievously murmured out loud. “Let’s barter. My terms are as follows: if I win, you must accept the invitation that at dinner tonight. And you’ll owe me one favor.”
	“It depends on what you’re going to be asking,” I raised an eyebrow in curious distrust.
	“No! These are my terms. If you accept them, you must follow through.” He stopped himself as a precaution. “If it’s any consolation, I am a gentleman. I will not ask anything indecent of you..”
	“Fine. But before I accept…what exactly are the terms if I win?”
	“Those are up to you.”
	I pondered what I might do. Winston seemed to be open to hearing from me, though it seemed that it was something I’d have to prove using my own wit. 
	“If I win, you must listen to what I have to say in full. And, you will owe me a favor.”
	“What kind of favor?” Winston peculiarly asked.
	“These are my terms,” I smirked. “You simply have to follow through.”
	“Fine then. I agree. This battle will begin with a question: What concerns you that you believe I can fix?”
	“Well, I think we’ve established that you’re a duke. You have wealth and power, why don’t you use it?”
	“Oh, but I do,” his eyes flickered.
	“I mean for someone other than yourself.” 
	“Touché,” he responded, intrigued.
	“My point is, if you have money and power that you get because of your people, why do you keep it all just for yourself instead of using it to help them?” I asserted boldly. He suddenly softened, realizing what I was getting at. His next words would truly shock me.
	“So…you truly believe that my family gets our wealth from the people?” 
The look on his face read the opposite of what I believed. All this time, I was certain that Winston’s wealth had come with power. I could sense now that I had jumped too soon. Things weren’t all that they seemed after all.
	“Well…yes…” I attempted to articulate myself. 
	“We don’t. And although you may think that our position comes with power…it truly doesn’t.” 
	“It…doesn’t?” I suddenly retracted. 
	“Think about it. The taxes aren’t ours. The wages of the populace aren’t ours. The influence isn’t even ours anymore.” Winston became bitterer with every word.
	“But, you still have some power,” I declared in a sour attempt to further my case. 
	“No, we don’t. All of the power to make laws and punish lawbreakers is out of our hands. Sure, our dissatisfaction might resonate with some of the more powerful people; but there is no magical scepter that we can wave when we want someone put away. It doesn’t work like that.” 
	“I thought – I thought that dukes were the heads of their provinces!”
	“Things are much more complicated than that,” Winston told me, now quieting. “All I am in the government is a face. A proper and pampered face! The real power belongs to the Magistrate.”
	 Now I felt like I truly understood what he was saying. He wasn’t the one behind the suffering. I still couldn’t fathom how he could feel so utterly powerless to it all. Then I remembered something else about the duke. It was something that caused a spark of knowledge to surface in me and to stand up once again.
	“You’re not powerless. Your family owns the fishing company that employs half of the 10th caste!”
	“Yes, we do…but what does that have to do with anything? What power does that give me over your people?”
	I opened my mouth to speak, but I decided not to give him my original answer. This was a battle of wits, but so far it didn’t quite seem like one. If I was going to persuade Winston that he wasn’t powerless, I’d have to show him in a different way.
	“Instead of thinking of power, let me just ask you this: how much of each catch do the men working on your ships get to keep?” 
	“One fourth,” Winston speedily replied, still lined with confusion at every seam. “Why? I don’t understand what you’re getting at.”
	I ignored his words of bemusement and continued on. “And how many men do you think work on the ships?”
	“I don’t know Celeste.” I could tell that he was bluffing in some respect.
	“Just guess,” I persuaded.
	“I can’t guess if I’m not sure!” His words were laden with denial. After a few seconds of silence, he spoke up again and sighed. “The law says that there are supposed to be five able-bodied men to each boat. No more, and no less.”
	I had to keep myself from smiling in the seriousness of the moment. My words were finally reaching the depths of his conscience, and I could tell from the guilt in his expression that it was something that he knew he couldn’t ignore. 
“Well, your company doesn’t abide by that law. My –” I stopped myself from revealing my parentage. “I mean, many of my friends worked for your company until the days that they died. All of my life, I’ve never seen that few fishermen go off to sea at one time.” 
	 Something inside of me made me hesitate to let Winston know of my family identity. He knew I was a 10th caste, but I wasn’t sure how he would react if I made my case too personal. If I upset him – would he go through his records in spite and look for my father’s name? Winston’s expression turned to one of concern.
	“How many, then?”
	“Sixteen.” I informed. A look of shock washed over him. “Sometimes twelve. On a good day, my –” I stopped myself again and replaced my thought with a generality. “A sailor would have gotten half of a fish. When the catch was sparse, the sailors often didn’t get any to take home.” 
	The new Winston that had surfaced quickly retracted, and he became defensive once again. “Well…surely their wages would compensate for it.”’
	“10th caste workers barely make enough to get by as it is. Some families even have members under special circumstances that can’t contribute.” At my words, Winston fell silent. For a few moments, I could sense his guilt. When he looked back up, there was a sudden change in his demeanor.
	“Celeste…I would like to apologize. I had no idea what sorts of injustices you must have witnessed. If I could ever find a way to help you or your people, I would” he told me softly. “But, for now – I’d like to perhaps change the topic. My feelings for you remain unchanged, and I would still like to get to know you. So…might we start over?”
	There was no hint of sarcasm or spite anywhere in his apology – and I was convinced that he was only speaking to me from his heart. Winston was indeed different from the other bachelors; he was someone who seemed to care. 
	“Winston, I accept your apology. I am sorry as well,” I sighed. “…It might be a good idea to start over.”
	“Well then, let us introduce ourselves again –” Winston started, though I quickly stopped him when I felt a clever spark shoot through me.
	“Wait,” I halted. “Before we start from a clean slate, what about our battle of wits?”
	“Hmm…you’re right,” Winston playfully nudged. “I believe that you are the winner.”
	“No…I don’t think I’m the winner,” I contested.
	“Then does that mean that I win?” Winston broke into a grin at my proclamation.
	“Oh no…you certainly don’t win,” I hastily replied. “Neither of us has.”
	“Well then, we shall honor our agreement as if our losses equate to a tie!” Winston’s smile grew even bigger. He hooked his arm around mine and quickly overshadowed me with his exclamation before I could open my mouth in reply. “Milady, I am Winston Everen. And you?” 
	“I am Celeste Devereaux,” I pleasantly but wearily returned. He tipped his hat to me warmly as if we were truly both meeting for the first time. Winston suddenly shifted on the path and began to lead me toward the house where my relatives were waiting eagerly by the windows. 
	Though, something didn’t quite feel right. A feeling of odd superficiality began to overwhelm me; but I held my tongue. I’d caused enough strife today as it was. Saying anything else may have been just as useful as smashing my head into a brick wall. The argument hadn’t been constructive at all, so it would have seemed to have been better off ending when it did. Yet, I still felt a sense of discontentment at how it had turned out. It almost felt like Winston had deterred me before it could have been resolved.  He was obviously deeper than the other suitors…but there was still something clearly staunch about him nonetheless. In a way, I just gave up and settled with the turn-out; not paying any attention to how it might influence my future. 
	When we came within sight of the windows, Winston suddenly unhooked his arm from mine. I could see the prying silhouettes of my relatives peering at the windows while we neared closer to the house – and obviously Winston could as well. Whatever his intention was for me; he wanted to make a scene for them. After he unhooked his arm from mine I quickly found myself spinning around in his grasp. 
	After he spun me around, we awkwardly embraced. If I would have looked at the window in that moment, I’m sure that I would have seen at least one of my relatives jumping up and down. 
	“Winston, what are you doing?” I asked him, slightly appalled. 
	“If we are to court each other, we might as well make it a show. I like you…you’ll soon like me; and everyone around us will be happy.” He took me by the hand and wouldn’t let go. “Remember your side of the deal. You must accept my invitation, and you owe me a favor. This is your favor: act only positively for your family today. Aid me in winning them over.”
	When I opened my mouth to protest this game, he hushed me. We exaggeratedly walked hand-in-hand, in plain view of the family. It appeared to them that we were the perfect couple – and if I hadn’t regretted it before, I certainly regretted my passiveness now. They insisted that the choice would always be in my hands, but I was a pawn in a bigger game now. Winston was a 2nd caste, and he was a persistent 2nd caste. 
	We may have looked like the perfect match to everyone else. Perhaps it even caused Stella some jealousy. But, this reality was only a feeling forced onto me by someone else. As I sat down over our candlelit banquet that night; I realized that this picture of my destiny was a game of smoke and mirrors.
	“Dearest Devereaux family, I thank you for your hospitality.” Winston chimed his knife against a wine glass and stood. “I understand that many suitors have graced this mansion – none with very serious intentions. I have made up my mind and would like to ask for your approval about a matter.”
	Grandmamma had been sitting in her wheelchair at the head of the table the entire time, and she suddenly lit. 
	“Get on with it,” she clapped.
	“I have a deep affection for your Celeste. Therefore I propose a deepening of our relationship. With your blessing, I would like to return to your manor and formally pursue your ward.”
	Wren’s eyes widened. Beeti moved backward, reddening but remaining silent. Her daughter acted similarly – refusing to make eye contact with anyone as she angrily stabbed her meat with a fork.
	“Do you mean – to actually court her?” Wren gasped. 
	“Yes, and with the most serious and proper intentions.”
	My heart was pounding. I had no idea what to think of Winston now. This was the result of our bet? That sly little... I opened my mouth but was unable to utter a sound. 
	“Oh, that sounds absolutely wonderful!” Grandmamma lit. “You have my full approval!”
	“That is wonderful!” Winston chimed, quickly directing his eyes at me. “But first, I must ask Celeste. Celeste, would you welcome me back into your home?”
	I bit my lower lip and fiddled with my hands beneath the table. What else could I say, with all of their eyes fixed on me in a prodding stare? It was a moment of complete entrapment; feeling completely belittled at the answer which was being forced out of me in a reluctant sigh.
	“Of course.”



The Other World


	After the encounter with Rhys, there wasn’t much I could have done to stop it from happening. Even when Rhys tried to make it seem as if he had no interest – even when he was certain that keeping his distance would somehow fool his brother Faolan into thinking that I meant very little to him – it was to no avail. The person that he was running from could see more than Rhys wanted to believe that he could. There was no true way to hide from him, yet Rhys still believed that he could flee.
	For, you see – Rhys wasn’t his real name. It was an identity conjured up in what he felt was his weakness. His real name was of princely origins; meaning “golden.” But, he couldn’t harbor that title anymore. So he chose a name that had a meaning far from it. It was fitting for who he was now – because the name Rhys means “running.” 
	After he had disappeared, there was another mysterious figure whose sight I came into. From the very moment I saw the boy there would be no escape. It began at our first encounter. 
	Originally, he had only searched the looking glass for his brother. Then, I came into view. Dancing about the garden and singing toward the sky while his fugitive brother crouched in the bushes watching me dumbfounded from afar; his brother Faolan suddenly realized something:

“Crystal seas and crimson moon,
Blood-red roses and lives anew
Where the scarlet lilies bloom
Under the midnight sky…”
	
When the runaway came to my aid, Faolan looked at the two of us and saw something in his brother that he recognized something that only his kind and a few others could truly foretell the nature of…one that almost certainly meant that there was going to be great passion. That made me his prime target.
	“Go into the mortal world,” he commissioned his servant. “Keep an eye on the girl. When I tell you, bring her to me.”
	 The servant bowed before the King as he opened one of the last, withering portals to our world. For months after that, the servant heeded his instructions and strange things happened all around which baffled and plagued me.
	Every night after that, my dreams grew stranger. They soon turned into writhing nightmares. They came into my mind at Faolan’s hands as he silently manipulated me from afar. This other world would soon become entwined with mine as a boa with its prey.
	“So, this is the woman with my brother’s heart?” Faolan mused, carefully placing a nightmare in my head one night. 
	This time he had come to see me in person, eerily hovering over me as I slept. The light in the room was dim and the moon full, illuminating my features in a strange way. I was pretty for a mortal, no doubt. The creature inspected me, taking a strand of my hair and examining it before carelessly flicking it away. He whispered into my ear. 
	“Let him become infatuated with you, and let him fall prey to my games. You’ll be the one who brings him to me.” 
	The nightmare in my mind heightened in intensity. The evil in his presence caused a deep disturbance in my soul, jolting me awake. I looked over at the side of my bed – unaware of who Faolan even was, let alone the fact that I was looking at the very place he had just been standing – and saw that I was alone. In those few seconds, he had vanished from sight; and there was no one there.
	I would go back to sleep that night, unaware of what was conspiring around me. But soon, I would be made fully aware of it all. Rhys was still running – but he wouldn’t be able to do so much longer. The one he was running from knew where he was and would stop at nothing until he was dead. 







Part Three:
◊
Blood-Red Roses




16 | Secrets



	I fell to the ground in a thud. I the most intense moment, the flames had disappeared from my sight and become the subtle harmlessness of my bedroom floor. I opened my eyes and cautiously gazed around. It was dark of course, but there was no danger. I tried to sit up – but was soon halted when I realized that my entire body was tangled in a jumble of sheets on the floor. I surely wouldn’t have to groggily free myself from them alone; for I could already hear Emily’s footsteps approaching.
	“Elissa, are you alright?” She called to me, flinging the door open and flipping the switch right beside her on the wall. My room filled with dim light as the gas lamps that lined my walls each dimly flickered their ways on.
	 “Yes, I’m fine,” I groggily recollected, placing a hand on my forehead. “Oh gosh – not again. This headache is killing me!”
	“You need sleep. It’s 4:45 in the morning,” she pulled the covers out of the wad of blankets and flattened them out, motioning for me to return to bed. 
	“Please, don’t. I’m up now…” I sighed, “There’s no use going back to bed. I’ll only be troubled by another nightmare anyway.”
	“Nightmares!” Emily interjected in concern, “You’ve been having them one-after-another for nearly a week now!”
	“I know,” I coolly replied. 
	She helped me back up, still dressed in her nightgown herself. I had been troubled by these hellish dreams so often now that Emily was sleeping in the guest room beside mine. Waking up every night with blood-curdling screams, my family was so weary that they were willing to let Emily stay in the main part of the house. In order to keep up appearances, they attempted to hide the fits from Winston as much as possible.
	“Tell me,” I posed as she placed me before my tremendous closet, trying to decipher the silhouettes of my dresses against the flickering gas lamp. “What is today?”
	“It’s the 18th,” she quickly replied.
	“The 18th…” I muttered aloud. Oh, that’s right, I remembered now. “Winston is leaving.”
	I could finally breathe again. In light of his “feelings” Winston had extended his stay. Even though I had told him I wasn’t ready for an engagement, every one of our meetings now was filled with small gestures and not-so-innocent hints that he intended to make me his wife when he returned to us.
	“What should you like to wear for your farewell today?” Emily asked, clearly groggy but still attempting to sound like her lively self.
	I let out a huff. I wasn’t quite awake yet either. “I don’t care. You choose.” 
	She quickly reached in and pulled out a blue satin dress with lacy sleeves and slipped it over my head. Seemed a bit formal, but I knew that it was only because Emily was probably trying to pick a dress that would suitably make-up for the lack of life in my weary, sleep-deprived expression. 
	“You look like an angel today my dear!” Emily quietly told me as I stood before the long mirror against my bedroom wall.
	“Please don’t attempt to flatter me about my appearance, Emily.” I half-heartedly told her, clearly a bit grumpy. “I know I look like a complete wreck in the face. Look at the bags under my eyes!”
	“I know, I know. But you’re still very pretty,” she sighed. “I know many girls who’d give their souls to look like you.”
	“I surely hope not.”
	“No, but honestly – if you’re that worried about your bags, I do have a remedy down in the kitchen that can fix that,” she told me. “We servant girls have had to go without sleep for many centuries. If you’re quiet, I’ll take you down now. Follow me.” 
	I nodded, and we both took off. When I entered, the servants were bustling through every doorway and rummaging through every cabinet in a hectic rush. They didn’t pay much attention to me anymore, even allowing me to visit casually. They knew I wouldn’t speak badly of them – actually, they knew I wouldn’t speak about my escapades here at all. I was one of them, and they were like me. I kept quiet, and so did they.
	“Haley, where is the jar of cocoa-ash?” Emily asked the chef from behind as she rummaged through one of the cabinets. 
	“Bottom drawer,” she mumbled, busy whisking a bowl of eggs against the crook of her elbow. 
	Emily reached for the drawer, quickly placing her hand on a large round jar and holding it up as if it were the world’s most expensive prize. She popped open the lid and placed two fingers into the strange, creamy mixture it contained. 
	“Close your eyes and look up,” she instructed. As I did so, I was immediately met with the strange but soothing, cool sensation of the cocoa-ash being dabbed beneath my eyes. It also had a pleasant aroma – filling my senses with the smell of chocolate and coconut butter. When it was over, she told me to open them once again. “Alright, I’m done. Now open your eyes and look!”
	I opened my eyes and immediately looked at my reflection at the bottom of a clean, glossy silver pan. Much to my surprise, my bags had miraculously faded. My face even had gotten back some of its normal, restful glow. Amongst this miraculous incident, we both realized that with the clamor of pots and pans surrounding us, we were bound to be in someone’s way. So, we moved into a quieter area of the quarters to continue talking. 
	“Want to take some morning coffee?” Emily offered. I smiled and grabbed a small cup from a row that had been spread out on the counter for the kitchen workers, and we retracted to an empty stairway where we sat and began talking.
	This was a special time. Since it was only 5 o’clock, no one else would be up in the main house. That made this the opportune time for conversation - yes, a conversation. Early in the morning, no one could care about our castes or duties. We could simply just be – human. Up until a few months ago, life had all been work and necessity, but now we both took a moment to breathe. Not because either of our workloads was any lighter – but because now we could genuinely say that in each other, we both had a true friend. 
	“Wow – this is amazing! How long did you say the servants have been using this recipe?”
	“Well, I originally said many centuries,” Emily laughed. “But it’s actually a recipe from my grandmum.”
	 We both started laughing despite our weariness. After a few seconds though, I could tell that the thought of her family caused her great longing. Seeing the pain in her eyes, I quieted.
	“You’re a good friend, Emily. Thank you for doing this. You’re one of the only people in this whole house who can keep me sane!” 
	 “You’re a mighty good friend to me as well! I haven’t had someone in this house I could talk to in such a way as you. In fact, I’ve never had anyone in her ladyship’s household as a friend before you.” Emily smiled again. 
	“I like that too,” I beamed. “I like that our places aren’t so set in stone. I hate it when they must be so prim and proper about everything. You’re just the same as I am.”
	“You’re right,” Emily exclaimed in reply. “We’re from the Northern Coast, and that’s something that no one can ever take out of us! You’re such a strong girl, Elissa. You remind me a lot of my little sister.”
	There was another wind of quiet that swept right over us. Emily didn’t talk much about her family. When she did, I could tell that she longed to be with them very intensely. With a region watched as strictly as mine, every thought of home was one of concern. 
	“Your family at home…I know you’ve been worried about them,” I started slowly, “You’ve never told me very much about them. I mean…you don’t have to. I understand if it hurts too much. I worry about my father a lot too -”
	“Oh no, it’s fine.” Emily interrupted. I could tell she might have been holding back a tear or two while doing it. “I have a lot of siblings back at home. My mum died ages ago, so I’ve been supporting them here ever since. But, I have one little sister who you’ve always reminded me of in a way.”
	“What does she do?” I quizzed her lightly, a slight smile in the corner of my mouth.
	“She sings.”
	My heart felt heavy, and I knew hers did too. We both remembered the places that we came from, those cultures that seemed so far away. They were cultures that had been carried through time with the help of song. All of our stories, our myths, our history – they had all been passed down with the aid of the human voice. Thinking of this brought us each back to the rugged, salty air of our homes. For Emily, it brought her a thick homesickness. What resulted was a question that honestly caught me off guard:
	“Have you ever thought about what it would be like to go back home?”
	“What do you mean?” I quizzed in reply, clearly caught off guard.
	“I mean, just drop everything and leave. To go back to your life and family, and never part from them again…” 
	“I’ve thought about it more times than I’d like to say. But…I guess it’s just now that I’ve started to realize that things have changed. There would be nothing left to return to, ” I suddenly stopped myself in the middle of my answer. The longing in her eyes told me that this wasn’t a question; it was a thought. Something meant not for me, but for her. “…Are you thinking of leaving?” 
	“I – I don’t know,” she told me, her voice crackling. “Things have been so confusing lately. There’s been no time for me to figure things out. In all of these troubles I’ve had, I just…miss them so much!” 
	“I know.” 
	Those two words were all I knew to say at that moment, yet they still meant just as much as a million others would have. I gave her a hug and soothingly patted her on the back. That was when she cried. We were all at our wits end with this turmoil going on in the empire. It felt as if we were being held hostage by our crazed leader only to crawl even closer to the ground than we had been forced to before! The stairwell where we had been sitting began to rattle with footsteps, and Emily suddenly had to collect herself. The servants were becoming busier, and it was now nearly 5:30 in the morning.
	“Don’t mind my tears, Elissa. I get like this more often than you know. It’s time to move on to other things,” she quickly stood up. “The early-risers of the household will be up in an hour. Now that you’re taken care of, it’s time to get you back to your room.” She playfully tapped the tip of my nose. “You’re going to look beautiful for Winston.”
	I grimaced. We’d been courting for a while now, and he was still the last person I wanted to look beautiful for! 
	“You know I don’t love him…” I reluctantly sighed. “I can’t stand it, Emily!”
	“Chin-up,” she flashed a bittersweet smile. “Soon he’ll be gone.”
	“But not forever…and I fear I may not have a choice in the end,” I shuddered. “It’s always being taken from me, and I become a puppet on strings for someone else. If I made to marry – I want to marry someone I love. Everyone who is made for that deserves to be with someone they’re meant for. Don’t you believe that?”
	On the other side of the room, Jackoby was standing in full-view. He looked at Emily; silently flashing a gesture that I knew must have meant he wanted to see her. After a long pause, Emily answered my question.
	“I do.”
	I expected Emily to leave, but this time Jackoby came to us. He opened his mouth to speak, at first reluctantly struggling to get out his words, knowing that I was standing there. Still, we had an unspoken knowledge that I wouldn’t speak of anything that went on down here just as long as they didn’t speak of me being there. So, he quietly went on with what he was saying.
	“I need to talk to you. There’s some matters we need to discuss with the people in our corridor about…October.” 
	“I have to take her back first –” she explained, flashing him a look of distress. But, I cut her off. I could tell that this wasn’t something trivial. You could sense it in the air.
	“It’s okay. I know my way back.” 
	I smiled at her just to be sure and urged them on their way. After they left, I quickly wove my way through the servants’ corridors to make a hasty entrance back into the house. When I reached the door that led back into the hallway, I quickly shut it behind me and attempted not to make a sound. But, although I had thought to have been alone – I had failed to notice that someone was standing directly behind me. 
	“Having fun?” Beeti starkly exclaimed as I pulled the door shut. I nearly jumped out of my skin when I heard the shrill voice behind me. I turned to see her standing there, sinisterly grinning – almost as if she had been waiting for me the whole time.
	“I – I” stammers began pouring out of my mouth, but Beeti wouldn’t allow for it. It had been a very long time since she’d gotten to scold me, and I was sure she wasn’t going to let this slip away. 
	“What were you doing in the servants’ quarters?” She angrily scorned. “What business could you possibly have there? Is it with your little servant girl friend? How about that cabby?”
	“Oh no – I just, left something there. That’s all!” I lied.
	“What on earth could you have left there?” She bitterly questioned.
	“Um…food. I was hungry!” I again proceeded to make up. Beeti quickly interrupted me again.
	“Never mind that! I’m not just angry at you for having been there – we’ve been trying to find you for nearly an hour, stupid girl! Winston is leaving early! He is boarding his carriage in a half hour!”
	Beeti quickly grabbed me by the arm and whisked me to the baths so that I could be properly powdered and made-up beyond what Emily’s cocoa-ash could do. 
	“Your dark circles have somehow improved. You must have slept in then, I suppose,” Beeti remarked as the bath attendants batted my face with noxious, allergenic face powder. “No more nightmares?”
	“No,” I bluntly replied. “I woke up at 4:45 this morning.”
	“Well…your circles are nearly gone,” she fathomed. Apparently the effects of Emily’s special cream weren’t just evident to the servants. I kept quiet and cracked a slight smile at the thought of having just outwitted my rich aunt at a subject she thought she had known so well; skin care. Time was still of the essence, so after the last blot of power was on my face and the swift motion of a brush had painted my lips rogue, everyone assembled their places at the front of the manor to bid Winston farewell.
	“Hurry, girls! Otherwise we’ll make it out here after he does!” Beeti shouted at both Stella and I as we made our way to the front of the door. As if we weren’t rushing enough already – we were practically pushing on each other to get out of door. I though, dreaded each step. I didn’t want to see Winston again, not even to bid him goodbye. 
	The arrogant pig was constantly looking down on my intellect – all while insisting that somehow, even though we weren’t really even close to married; I was his fiancé. I couldn’t stand it - but as much of a strong-willed person as I (still) am; there was nothing I could do to change it in the situation I was in right now. At least if I had to be a temporary slave to this, I could see a bit of relief in Winston leaving our manor so that I could recuperate in time to prepare for my meeting with the Magistrate. The Magistrate. The thought sent a dense chill crawling up and down my spine. Maybe Winston’s courtship wasn’t quite so bad after all.
	Then again, I won’t say that I prefer courting him either.
	“Goodbye, sweetest Celeste,” Winston told me after placing a kiss on my hand before stepping back into his carriage. I tried to hide the fact that I was internally grimacing, praying for him to get into the buggy and leave with every additional moment. 
	“Goodbye Winston,” I tried to tell him sweetly. He gave me an overtly seductive glare this time. 
	“I’ve enjoyed my time here with you. I shall come back again very, very soon.” He gave me another kiss on the hand. “Expect me to return around the time of the first snowfall. After you are presented to our great ruler, I will then be coming to make a grand announcement.”
	“Oh, how lovely!” Wren piped up from a few feet away, clearly interrupting his exhaustingly pitiful “seductive” glare. “Do write us and allow us to throw a grand party in your honor when the time comes!”
	“Will do, Lady Devereaux!” He grinned, soon resuming his piercing stare. After that though, he did something strange. He pulled me in and whispered something in my ear. Was it to be helpful advice, or was it a precursor to something much deeper and darker than I could think? 
	“Celeste, you must fear the Magistrate.” He whispered. “When you meet him, do not step out of line. Difficulty will surely come your way, don’t ask me how I know. Just be sure that you and your household do nothing scandalous in the time being. Controversy will cause you added strife. Regardless of what happens, I will come to see you afterward. And if things go awry, I can offer you protection.” He quickly pulled away and tipped his hat at me, acting as if he hadn’t said a thing. I let out a deep breath, and he boarded his carriage. As it pulled off, he shouted back in our direction:
	 “I’ll be counting the days until then!”
	I let out a breath of uncertainty and looked down the row of servants until I was able to see Emily and Jackoby standing side-by-side. Though their expressions were stoic and dignified, I knew there had been something going on underneath it all for quite some time. And now, I felt like it was going to reach its height. If scandal was something we were to stay away from, I wasn’t sure how we were going to fare. 
	If Winston was going to be counting the days, I supposed that I needed to be counting mine. So I did – each and every day I counted as one less day I’d have to prepare to meet the Magistrate. 
	 Stella saw my growing tension as a weakness to pounce on. She came to me one day nearly a month later – on a day that just so happened to be the one on which I was feeling so plagued with my fears that I believed I would truly burst.
	“Cousin Elissa,” she told me completely out of the blue that day. “I wanted to have some time here with you for a moment to…apologize.”
	At her last word I almost gasped. What on earth was this? Her demeanor was strangely bright and sweet, a complete contrast to her usual silent and sour nature. And…she was apologizing? I was taken aback, wondering what could possibly going on to cause such a random but abrupt apology for all of the pain and sourness Stella had afflicted on me. Had she been drugged? Converted? Replaced with a clone? These all seemed to be reasonable answers.
	“Stella? Are you alright?” I quizzed in utter uncertainty.
	“Yes, Elissa. I’m fine,” Stella assured. “I know it doesn’t seem like me – but I’ve just felt so…terrible. And I’m no good at showing my emotions if I can help it – so I’ve been hiding it for a very long time. But, you’ve been living with us for nearly a year now. For a while I was quite jealous of you…but I want to make that all water under the bridge now. I am genuinely sorry.”
	She took my hand, and I still couldn’t believe it. Nearly 12 months of my life, all gone, just like that. Even if she claimed to be bad with emotions, I still reveled at the fact that although she was proclaiming a new identity today just yesterday she had been muttering insults about me to herself at the breakfast table. 
	“Are you being serious?” I again doubted. 
	“Yes, Elissa! I’m honest!” Stella exclaimed. I could see something in her eyes screaming an undecipherable message – a look that was quite odd, but resembled one of guilt. If it wasn’t, her ploy was certainly convincing. “I really want to start over with you. You’re the cousin – the sister I never knew I had! So please, allow me to make it up to you…let me show you.”
	“I don’t know…”I muttered in reply. 
	“Elissa, just hush!” Stella suddenly interrupted. Now she flashed a bright, eager smile in my direction. “If you don’t want to believe me, at least let me prove it to you by showing you how sorry I really am!”
	This wouldn’t end unless I agreed to whatever this was, I was sure. And besides, maybe this actually was Stella becoming painfully nice. Perhaps it was reality that she had a change of heart in this. It also might have been a very temporarily change of heart, I realized, so I needed to enjoy this while I could. 
	“Alright, alright!” I sighed, tiresome over her incessant pleading. “What is it that you’re planning on doing?”
	“Well,” she smiled, “right now it’s mid-September. Your birthday is coming up soon, and it will also mark nearly a year since you came to live with us! What better way to mark the occasion than a party?”
	“Well...” I blushed, “I suppose that does sound fun. What sort of party?”
	“A masquerade!” 
	She said it almost as if she was shouted. I though, am not fond of masquerades. They’ve always stood as bitter reminders of the real masquerades I’ve had to endure on a daily basis. Besides, I wasn’t one for flamboyancy; and that was a key ingredient in the word that wealthy people flouncing around in sparkly costumes usually exemplified. Reluctant already, my discomfort was growing. I bit my lower lip, hoping that Stella would be reasonable when I disagreed.
	“Must it be?” Reluctant already, it was apparent that my discomfort was growing. Stella’s expression changed, and I could see she was clearly trying to find something to tell me that would affirm that it absolutely had to be a masquerade.
	“Um…yes! It must be!” She exclaimed. “It’s a…family tradition! Yes, a family tradition!”
	“But…I thought you said it was for my birthday?”
	“Oh, it will be! It’s just…your birthday is in October, and that’s when we hold our annual costume ball. We do it every year in honor of All Hallows’ Eve. Your birthday falls extremely close…and with all of the chaos in the country now, Grandmamma would probably want to keep our celebrations on the same date. Why not celebrate it a bit early? That way everyone wins!”
	“All Hallows’ Eve?” I recounted in confusion. “I thought that celebrating that was against the law! You honestly think that the Magistrate would overlook something he has declared is in association with witchcraft?”
	“Oh, calm down Elissa!” Stella told me nonchalantly. “It’s only that way for the peasants. Let them celebrate it, and they’d surely turn it into a pagan ceremony. The Magistrate knows that we upper-class folk understand that it’s all just play.”
	Now my stomach was churning with nausea. Seemingly “born again” or not, Stella’s arrogance was abhorrent. The ignorance of the Magistrate was beginning to irk me more than ever now…and in less than a month and a half I would have to meet him. And all just so that I could kiss up to him for their sake! But, I tried to forget it. He wasn’t a pleasant person, but this was life now. The more I thought about it, the more stressed I became; and the more evident it was to everyone else that I was suffering.
	“I suppose I will.” 
	“Excellent!” Stella cried, “This will be good for you, ole’ Lissie!”
	I stopped. Now she was being way too chipper, and it was actually really grating. Something just didn’t feel right about this; but I kept it to myself. Stella quickly jumped up and wrapped her arms around my neck in an eager hug. Even after all of that, her behavior was still overwhelmingly foreign.
	“Um…thanks,” I quickly stammered, not knowing what to do to get her off of me at that moment. She released me from her grasp and told me something with a strange, artificial tinge before she left. 
	“No, thank you.”
	After we parted ways to resume the trivial parts of our daily lives, I found myself filled with an odd, artificial happiness about it all. I was glad to have been “invited” to this gala so to speak; yet I still couldn’t help but feel uneasy about the task at hand. That night, I found myself sitting on my bed alone, simply thinking. Winston’s warning about “avoiding scandal,” and, “not stepping out of line,” resounded across my every thought tonight, even though he had left over a month ago.
	 As unlike myself as it might have been, after dinner that night I went to my room to find that my bed sheets were still made up and my bedclothes hadn’t been put out. I will admit that I was becoming a bit of a dependent snob on Emily’s waiting – but the fact that I would have to do it all myself wasn’t the thing that bothered me. No, it was something else that reminded me yet again of Winston’s grave words. 
	Not only was my entire room untouched, but now Emily was nowhere to be found. She was a dedicated friend and worker, so I knew it wasn’t like her. Then again, she’d gone missing for small moments here and there all throughout the last couple of months. Inside, I knew that she was hiding something, and I had a good idea of what it might have been; but I had no idea how big this secret actually was. 
	I shuddered. If we needed to avoid scandal, I wasn’t sure how we were going to do it. Secrets were a dangerous thing – I realized – and now my eyes were beginning to open. Between Stella’s superficial apology, Emily’s strange absences, Winston’s intentions, my nightmares and even the concealing of my real name – I could see that my family had quite a lot of them. There were bound to be more. Whether I wanted to know them or not; I was sure that in time, I was going to find them out.
       


17 | From Dust 



	“So, as we wrap up today we can certainly conclude that the meaning of this teaching is, at its very core; human belief.” Sister Marie-Katherine explained at the end of my lesson that day. “Jesus taught that the littlest part of faith can spring up into something strong enough to move an entire mountain. Many things can start as something as meager as the tiny mustard seed. Perhaps it is a truth, an idea, or just simple curiosity. All it takes is a single seed of faith or knowledge to cause the truth to take root in your heart.”
	I listened as attentively as I could, but today my stomach was in knots. After Winston’s departure, I had been experiencing stress from every single aspect of my life. My lessons had become more rigorous and now tomorrow was the day of the Autumn Ball. On top of that, after today Sister Marie-Katherine would be taking a two week leave. Unlike most people, I could tell that Sister Marie-Katherine actually believed in me. With my presentation so close and the family fortune practically riding on my shoulders; the thought of having her leave made me feel like throwing up. I guess she could read the nausea all over my face, because in the next moment she unexpectedly made me an offer.
	“You know…I won’t be back for a time, and there’s actually something that I’ve been wanting to show you at the convent. Perhaps you’d be willing to come with me on a short outing?” She asked me, but at first I hesitated.
	“Um…Sister?” I piped up, “Are you sure that there is time? I mean, the celebration is tomorrow and all.”
	“Well…there’s time if you come with me now. I won’t be here until after I take my holiday, so today is the only day I could take you.” She cracked into a smile. “You are a bright and curious girl. The Church has a library that I know you will enjoy!”
	For a moment I pondered the notion, but I couldn’t help but smile. It had been such a long time since I’d been able to get my hands on a good book! After nearly a year of having my reading limited to Holy books, textbooks, and the lyrics in church hymnals, the idea actually seemed quite refreshing. At the same time, books were sparse back in the Isles. With the exception of the rather plush one I’d found in the funeral home last year; libraries were nonexistent.
	“I’ve never actually been to a real library…” I trailed off. “There aren’t many where I come from.”
	“Well, then maybe it’s time that you discover one of the best!” The Sister beamed. The apprehension still loomed over me, but I broke through just enough of it to set myself free.
	“I think that…I think that sounds like a wonderful idea.” I softly told her. An even bigger smile rolled across the Sister’s expression. 
	“Excellent! You should go and get ready, and in the mean time I shall phone Lady Abilene and ask her permission to take you. Meet me in the main corridor in 20 minutes!”
 	After a brief exchange and a friendly nod, I left to get ready in my room. In a few minutes time, Grandmamma granted us a blessing
	“The church library is over 220 years old,” Marie-Katherine explained as she led me through the vast marble hallways of the church. Light trickled in through the colorful stained glass windows and created rainbows of light on our skin. We walked through the colorful maze to a sliding wooden door. “This is it.” 
	We both stepped through, and I held my breath at the spectacle of books. There were thousands of them! Every wall of the enormous room had at least fifty shelves all of the way to the top. Each shelf was jam-packed with so many books that it was a wonder nothing was collapsing.
	“You were right,” I exclaimed in astonishment. “This would take years to sift through.”
	“We had a priest about 50 years ago who made it his goal to memorize the title of every book in here.”
	“Did he?”
	“He’s still working on it.” She laughed in reply. “It’s so old that the Magistrate declared it a church relic, so now even he can’t touch it! No one knows exactly where the first additions of the collection come from. The oldest ones are actually in folklore.”
	“You have a section for folklore?” I asked in surprise. “Isn’t that the opposite of what the church teaches?”
	“Some people would say so – but apart from the ones that are just good lessons and play; just because something is part of someone’s culture doesn’t mean that it steps outside of what we know is good.” She stopped for a moment and gave me a wink. “God made the mouths and minds of man, and he gave them the imaginations to tell stories that entertained and taught their values. Though, believing them as true is a completely different matter.”
	“Interesting,” the word slipped from my lips, my mind still stunned at the array of knowledge that stood before me. 
	The mention of the section on folklore brought me back to my childhood; to a pleasant time when my mother would actually sit with me and read me stories before bedtime. It was the only time I could remember truly reading with anyone for enjoyment, a time of true bonding with her.  The memory caused me to glimmer just a bit. Marie-Katherine had to see it, because she immediately got up on one of the ladders against the wall and selected a book for me herself.
	“Here,” the nun climbed to the fifth rung in the ladder that was sitting against the shelf. She grazed through the titles for a few moments before pulling a book off of the shelf. “I think that you’d enjoy a good fairy tale.” 
	“But Sister, I mean, you’re obviously not morally opposed – but, aren’t fairy tales just a bit childish for me right now?” I argued. “What about a book that can help me? One that can teach me something, prepare me, give me knowledge of some kind?!”
	As I argued, Marie-Katherine pulled a dense book off of the top shelf and gently wiped the cover with her hand while she skillfully kept her balance. It was old and dusty, so dusty that she had to use her breath to blow some of it off of the cover. When she did, so much of it came loose that it created a little puffy cloud around her head. After letting out a cough, she handed it down to me while I stood at the bottom. When I took it into my hands the cover was still so dusty that it left grey residue all over my fingers.
	“Forget about non-fiction. Another book about etiquette or protocol won’t prepare you any more than you already are. It’s time that you gave yourself a break,” she told me as she climbed down. “Fairy tales can actually teach a person more than you might think.”
	There was a sudden thud in the other room. It was followed by familiar, swift footsteps. The voices of three nuns and the face of an exasperated priest standing in the doorway soon followed.
	“Sister Marie-Katherine,” the priest heaved. He was the first person to arrive in the room, and he looked as if he was about to puke. “The entire convent has become ill with the stomach flu…only six of us haven’t been stricken! Sister Rachel just vomited in front of the children in Mass. You’re good with the little ones – could you come with the other sisters and help calm them down while we clean up?”
	“Of course, Father. I will come right away!” Sister Marie-Katherine exclaimed. She looked to me before she left. “Don’t worry, I’ll be back soon. Read whatever you like in the meantime.” She quickly tilted her head toward the priest. “Perhaps Father Joshua would be willing to allow you to borrow some if you like?”	
	It was obvious that Father Joshua was frantic – yet Marie Katherine wanted me to get into one of these books so badly that she still took it as an opportunity to press the man about it. Joshua looked at me for a moment, still sweating as if he had just seen a ghost. He was obviously more concerned with Sister Rachel’s mess right now, so he paid me a short glance and rushed his approval. Apparently this good-natured young woman had another side to her; because the entire time, I could see Marie-Katherine trying desperately hard to keep herself from laughing.
	“Yes, yes – it’s fine. Take whatever you want,” he exasperated. “Now, please come with the Sisters and I. Mother Aberdeen is trying to keep the children away from it.”
	The Sister was quickly whisked way to the scene of the crime. Now the room was empty, quiet. Perhaps you might have even been able to say it was bleak. The shelves towered high above my head to the point that they actually began to become somewhat intimidating. Now that I was alone, it was beginning to feel creepier by the minute.  
	Suddenly feeling the heaviness of the object in my hands, I remembered the book that I had been given and decided that now would be the best time to read it. Even though I was skeptical that a child’s tale could help or even entertain me, reading seemed like the only thing that would keep me from feeling completely uncomfortable in this lonesome, cavernous hall. Containing tales from my childhood, I almost felt it could spur some kind of undesired emotional response. 
	The thought crossed my mind of climbing up the ladder again and finding a new book – but when I realized how anxious this dark room was beginning to make me I quickly abandoned the idea. I took it to a lightened corner of the room and sat down at a hardwood table. As soon as I set it down, a family of dust mites attacked my nasal passages. 
	“Mite olke?” I mumbled in confusion as I read the dirt-covered letters. A box of tissue sat on the top of the table that I used to wipe off the rest of the scum. Once clean, I immediately uncovered more letters; this time ones that created a sense-making title. I read it aloud again. “Oh – Primitive Folklore.”
	I cracked it open and smiled. This was the section that the Sister had been telling me about – the one with the books that were so old that even the Magistrate wasn’t allowed to wrongfully tamper with them. For some reason, this one begged my curiosity. It was familiar, a tale that reminded me far too much of my home. This was just what I feared would happen. Yet, despite my fears the tale didn’t 
	“The Secret Prince,” the first heading said. I smiled. This was one I was familiar. We’d even sung about it – remember? Though, as a member of a culture that was immersed in oral tradition; I hadn’t actually read it in print before. I read on:

	“After many years of prophecy, there was a prince born to the King and Queen of a far off land. The place had once been a sparkling gem, a place known as the Kingdom of Light. Though, it had been condemned by a curse to become a place of utter darkness. The son was the firstborn of twins and the unquestioned heir to the throne. Shortly after the boys were delivered, the Queen tragically died [a common ailment which overcame almost all of their queens in childbirth]. 
	At the death of the Queen, the entire kingdom mourned. The grief was short-lived, as the people were accustomed to losing their Queens in this way. They were desensitized to the darkness of death, for they were used to the pain of a curse which tormented the Kingdom each day. You see – these people were all but immortal except for one single curse that had befallen them –”

	“I’m back!” Sister Marie-Katherine suddenly chimed, bringing my reading to an abrupt halt. “Have you found what you needed?”
	“Yes, I think so.” I quickly shut the cover of my book, feeling as though I’d been interrupted in the middle of something sacred. Now I felt myself hungering to read even more.  
	“I knew a good story would make you feel better,” Marie-Katherine winked, seeing the look of apparent relief on my face that hadn’t been there before.
	 Alright, so I admit that I had been proven wrong. This one was definitely a keeper – but something in me still wanted to be cautious in revealing my possession of this book to others. Something in me wanted to keep it close, to keep it safe. I didn’t really know the reason, I just sensed that there was something more to it now. 
	When I got home that day, I came in right as Grandmamma was being wheeled down into the dining room to eat with the family for the first time in several weeks.
	“Child, you’re late.” She starkly remarked.	
	“My apologies, Lady Abilene!” Sister Marie-Katherine hastily responded in my place.
	“Oh, hush now – I wasn’t talking to you. I was talking to my granddaughter,” she waved a hand in the air. “You’re fine, Sister. My granddaughter must simply learn to do things with punctuality in mind rather than having her head in the clouds.”
	Grandmamma looked up at the book that was bundled close to my chest, its title hidden to avoid embarrassment. Even though it hadn’t seemed quite as heavy before, the book suddenly became slick and my arms weak under its weight. I tried to hide it for just a few seconds more. It was futile. The title toppled onto the floor right at Grandmamma’s feet.
	I fell to my knees and scrambled to pick it up, reaching out in order to perhaps cover up the title so that a prying Stella wouldn’t pop into the room and see it. I didn’t want to have to explain myself, nor did I want them to know of this book that was a reflection of my innermost thoughts. But, by the time I had picked it up it was already too late. Grandmamma had clearly seen it, and since we were already having a very tense moment I could only hold my breath as I expected her to start scolding me for engaging in such folly as what was in this book.
	“I’ll leave you to your family matters,” the Sister nervously nodded when she saw the scene beginning to brew. She bid us a two second farewell and quickly scurried away.
	A deep breath made its way out of my chest, and I quickly looked up to see Grandmamma opening her mouth to speak. I closed my eyes, expecting her to call me out on having borrowed something as foolish as a book full of fairy tales at a time such as this. Though, instead she was eyeing something else:
	“Primitive Folklore?” She exclaimed in surprise. “Elissa dear, I didn’t know that you were a lover of fairy tales! Why would you feel the need to hide this from me? Am I really that much of an uncultured oaf in your eyes?”
	I froze, having expected every potentially harsh, scolding, and baffled response but this. At a loss for words, my eyes worked their way into a confused squint. My mouth came open, trying to form the words of an explanation as I stood up.
	“I was worried…that there would be disapproval,” I spluttered.
	“That’s rather vague. What is it, do you think I would disapprove of a children’s book?” Grandmamma cynically solicited, sounding as a parent does when they know that their child is hiding something underneath it all.
	“I was worried that Stella would ridicule me for it,” I huffed.
	 “Ah, I see…I suppose you’re justified in that,” she nodded. “Ha – you’re just like your mother. She was such a private person, always dreaming but never wanting to say it out loud…” It was the last and only thing she’d say about the matter before changing the topic of the conversation. After a few moments of silence she opened her mouth and began barking her natural orders. “My word, child! What are you doing still standing here? Go put that book away and get ready for dinner! Keep them waiting for the rump roast any longer and the family may decide to eat me instead!”
	I gave her a cursory nod before rushing upstairs and sliding the book underneath my pillow. Dinner was near-silent that night, mostly because the family was their usual selves and my mind had drifted elsewhere. As soon as dinner was done, I rushed back upstairs and jammed my nose into the book. I slid the hardback onto the covers and twisted the round knob on my gas lamp. The room lit with by its soft glow, I began where I left off:

	“These people were all but immortal except for one, single curse that had befallen them,” I started again at the top of the second page. “It was a curse of greed. With this greed came death. These people would have lived for eternity, but long before this time the First King made a bargain with the darkness. 
	He had stumbled into the mortal realm and come to make alliances with mankind. But, the leader of these mortals had been long inhabited by a darkness that only brought destruction. The darkness was an evil, tormenting greed that had existed among mankind for thousands of years. Until then, it had only been able to rule the mortal world. Its presence existed in the Outer Realms, but the First King was a new creation and did not pay heed to it even when he saw the small evidences of its existence in his own world.”

	I stopped reading for a moment. This didn’t seem much like the story I had always known at all! I thought I had known this story inside out, but unless this was a drastically different variation of it this couldn’t have been the same, watered-down fairy tale Mum had always told me before bed. Still, it was intriguing enough to keep me going:

	“With ignorance as his one flaw, he was seduced by the darkness. It tempted the First King with beautiful women, rich foods, and the promise of unending power. The First King became intrigued by its workings, and the darkness in turn began to crave this new world to use as another stronghold. After it delivered its temptations, the King fell weak; and at his weakest point, this curse inhabited him.”

	After the last paragraph there was an eerie drawing of the King in the story. He was sitting at a table full of food, a golden crown atop his head. He was of great size and even appeared to be glowing. A smirking, wicked looking king sat across from him, this one clearly mortal. A cloud of darkness shaped as a sinister ghostly figure was looming all around the good king, clearly about to possess him. It gave me chills as I read on:

	“The Curse came into him, immediately possessing his thoughts and actions. It directed him to take everyone else of his kind that had come to the earth and return to their homes. The Curse came into their king and their entire kingdom.
	Greed overcame the royal family, and the eldest son killed his father to steal the throne. After many years of his reign, his own children were overcome with greed and did the same. For hundreds of years this continued, turning to be a family custom. Since their kings could not die natural deaths, the next in line would have to take it into his own hands; becoming the new host of this ravenous curse at the moment of their predecessor’s death. 
	This prince, however – was born with a tender heart. He would be raised alongside his brother, always displaying a strong attachment to his father. When the time would come for him to slay his father and take the throne, he would not be able to bring himself to do it. So, the prince would escape The Kingdom of Darkness into the forbidden world of the mortals. It was here that he would hide among them as a secret prince…”

	I suddenly stopped to yawn before looking back down at the page. A strange observation as it might have been – the words on the page seemed to be working themselves into future tense. It began to seem as if this was telling me about something that was going to happen instead of some fictitious thing that already had. For some reason it made me feel uneasy, maybe because they stuck out to me in some odd, religiously-prophetic sounding way. 
	 “The prince would be destined to hide among the modest townspeople, disguising himself as one of their own…” Once again, I had to pause. My eyes were becoming heavy with each moment that I tried to read on. “…to fall in love with a fierce and beautiful maiden…” Now I felt my eyes straining. I tried to keep on going for just one more paragraph, but it was useless. “…when they would discover he was a descendant of the First King, the lovers would have to flee…”
	The next thing I knew, my face was literally on top of my book. My eyes had quickly fallen shut, but even more quickly than that they shot open to find the gentle rays of the first morning light. They also shot open to find a woman standing over me – someone I assumed was Emily but shocked me with a deeper, less feminine sounding voice when she spoke.
	“Get up! It’s past 12 o’clock in the afternoon ya foolish!” It yelped. I picked my head up confusingly, and the woman soon came into full focus. It wasn’t Emily. It was Beeti’s maid. Her voice was deep and gruff, almost like a man’s. To be honest, the grumble in her tone was actually pretty startling.
	“Where’s Emily Berry?” I dazedly asked her. “Is she sick?”
	“No,” the maid replied back in her startlingly gruff tone.
	As I sat up and put a hand to my aching head I temporarily whirled, forgetting about Emily’s growing absences that had led up to this point. Regardless of those, Emily had hardly missed a single morning. Ever since the very first day I had been here she had been waking me up and laying my clothes out for me and with her seemingly unending enthusiasm to tackle the day. 
	“But she’s always here to wake me up in the mornings. Where do you think –”
	“Oh shush!” Beeti’s maid sharply interrupted. Now I could see why she and Beeti got along so well. “How’d ya reckon I’m supposed to know? And put that book away when ya sleep from now on! Look at what ya done to ya own face!”
	The voice alone was enough to whip me into silence. But, my face? I hurried to get out of bed and look at myself in the mirror. There was a huge imprint engrained into the side of my face, outlining the painfully digging corners of the hardback that I had apparently fallen solidly asleep on.
	“This is terrible,” I exclaimed in shock, rubbing my hand cross my irritated cheek. “It even stings! And tonight…tonight is the –”
	I stopped, realizing it in unison with every word I was speaking. Tonight was the night of the ball! That meant that today was...October the 12th. It was my 17th birthday! And I had certainly got such a wonderful wakeup call along with it, hadn’t I? 
	It actually hadn’t occurred to me very strongly before that the two were actually that closely associated. I had worried more about the party than I had even wanted to think that I was turning 17. But, here it was. Now I realized that Emily’s help would be even more necessary for me. But, where was she? Before another thought could pass, the gruff maid roughly grabbed me by the arm and pulled me forcibly to my closet. This was certainly not the kind of awakening I was used to. 
	“Oh, be quiet! It’ll fade ‘fore tonight!” The woman threw a dress at me and ordered me to put it on myself. “Ya might yer all high n’ mighty because today is yer birthday – but I don’t care if yer birthday or the return of Christ himself! Now put it on an’ go downstairs! Ya already missed breakfast by a long shot. Lady Wren thought it best to leave ya be on account of she thought ya needed your ‘beauty sleep.’ Ya got two hours a’spare until ya must go into the baths, and yer grandmum wants to see ya before then.”
	Man, did this woman like to yell! Despite clear class differences, she and Beeti had a lot in common. I rushed to put on my dress and stand up straight. This woman’s tone made me fear that she might start beating me if I didn’t obey her every word. She left the room looking quite exasperated after that and let me go off on my own.  Today was going to be a very trying day, but I tried to relax myself. All I had to do was survive tonight and wake up in tact tomorrow morning.
	 I walked down the vast corridor to Grandmamma’s room to see if she wanted to speak with me now. I gave a small knock to the door, and it was accompanied by the weak whimper of a woman telling me to come in. In my heart, I knew it must have had something to do with books. I just knew it! But, I didn’t know the capacity of what Grandmamma was really about to tell me. Not by a long shot.
	“Elissa,” Grandmamma’s voice piped up as soon as I cracked the door open. She looked in my direction from where she was sitting propped up in her bed with a stern, piercing glare in her eyes. “Your time to appear before the Magistrate is nearing, and it’s time that you understood something about this all. Come sit down. You’re 17 years old today and that’s old enough. I have something to tell you.”




18 | Pearls



	“There’s something I’ve been meaning to give you for a long while. Before I do, I must first tell you a story.” Grandmamma told me, her words as gentle and wise as the woman they were coming out of. I sat on my knees at her bedside, listening attentively as she let out a weak, painful cough. 
	“What is it, Grandmamma?” I softly asked her in reply. 
	She then turned her head toward mine and flashed me a look that said so many things I still can’t even rightly describe what they were. But, I could in my spirit that our exchange was something much deeper than words. Grandmamma’s eyes met with mine, and I could see a truth that had been buried in the very depths of her mind begin its journey into my heart as it began to free itself from the prison of her human body; starting by leeching out of her soft, discerning eyes. I felt a sudden chill crawl up and down my spine; one that was quickly followed by warmth. 
	“All of your life, I’ve wanted to know you. I could never meet you – but I was always there.”
	“What do you mean?” I asked her, nearly stammering as I said it. She reached up and gently took one of my curls and twisted it around her finger before she began speaking again. The next thing she did was ask me a single, plain question:
	“Do you ever remember ever having been troubled by the authorities as a child?”
	“Of course I do,” I quickly replied. Was this a rhetorical question? I thought she would know just as well as I did that I had once been imprisoned for failing to comply with them. It was part of the reason why I was now sitting here in the first place!
	“No, child. Disregard anything that’s happened to you as a legal adult. I want you to think for a moment before you answer. Can you remember any time at all when you were a child that your family was disturbed by the Magistrate’s government?”
	The room fell silent as I pondered the question. At first I was still convinced that the answer was clearly “yes,” but after some thought I realized that I actually couldn’t think of anything at all. As much as I searched my mind for a time in my childhood when I had been directly targeted because of who I was, but I couldn’t find anything. It was strange, because I already knew that children of multi-caste backgrounds were often taken from their families without reason before they were 16 years old. Yet, until I reached the age of 16 our family had scarcely been touched at all. I had lived such a quiet life as a child that I never connected any of those happenings to me. 
	“No…I can’t,” I told her in astonishment. 
	“Elissa, the fact that no one was ever able to harm you is no coincidence. Ever since I found out about the fact that you were my granddaughter, I have been protecting you from the authorities. And, I’ve known you were mine for a long while. I’ve been shielding your name from the sight of the Magistrate ever since you were three years old. Now you’re too old to hide, and there’s nothing I can do to change that.”
	“But – you were forbidden to see her – how could you have known?”
	“Elissa,” she softly whispered, continuing to softly stroke my cheeks with her bony finger. “No one else has ever known of this but your mother and I. You must not tell another soul.” 
	She quieted, motioning for me to take a seat on the bed at her feet. As I did so, I felt a burst of warmth run through my veins that was so strong I had to take off my robe and put it aside. I basked in it, in partial shock and partial wonderment as she continued to tell her story. 
	“When your mother married your father, the authorities wanted me to reject her with just as much coolness as the law that would keep us apart. But, I could never excommunicate her in my heart. She was mine, and I loved her too much to let any law keep me from her. So, I broke it.”
	“You mean…you actually saw her?” 
	“Yes, but after she left…I was only able to once. For many years afterward I kept on trying, but it became too dangerous. After I saw her for the last time, I could only see faint glimmers of her life and yours.”
	I couldn’t help it. My body began to tremble, and my eyes filled with tears. I opened my mouth to speak. “When did you see her?”
	“It was on her wedding day,” she abruptly told me before she began to paint a picture of that day. She soon launched into descriptive detail about their encounter that morning, and I was brought back to that day in a way that was as real as the bed I was sitting on.
	She began painting a picture of what the church looked like on that day; of its sea-worn outer walls and dusty pews, along with its cobwebbed rafters. As she told me, the room itself seemed to morph into the past. I was taken to that very church by the sea, thrust into the small, dark room where Grandmamma had hid as my mother prepared herself while wearing her wedding dress. I was no longer in the Devereaux Manor; I could feel it. This was where the tale had begun. I could feel every tiny vibration in their whispering voices as my mother spoke to hers.
	“Who’s there?” My mother anxiously whispered, hearing a small shuffle come from the darkened part of the room that she had previously believed to have been alone in. The shuffling stopped, and the hidden figure stood frozen without reply. My mother breathed forth again. “Please, show yourself! Step into the light.”
	The dim morning sunlight seeped into the shanty of a changing room from in-between the wooden blinds that lined the windows, and the figure slowly stepped out from the shadows. As she came into the light, Mum could see her features beginning to clarify in her view. When she recognized the woman, her eyes welled with tears. Only one word could come from her lips at that moment: 
	“Mum.”
	Grandmamma looked to her daughter softly, and they both embraced each other as they tried to hold back their tears. They must be quiet, they both realized. If either of them were seen together, it would surely mean death for both. But, even knowing this wasn’t enough to keep the emotions from bleeding out of my mother. Tears flowed from her eyes, down across her cheeks and onto the ground. Grandmamma lovingly took a hand and wiped the tears from her face.
	“Why are you here?” My mother sobbed in disbelief, her mother’s hand still gently stroking her cheeks.
	“I had to see you again,” she softly told her in reply, the tears coming from her eyes as well. At that moment something struck my mother in all of her sadness, and it was something that caused her to pull back and stiffen.
	“Are you here to tell me that I shouldn’t do this?” My mother asked her reluctantly through the sobbing, her words becoming even more defensive as she continued on. “You know I love him – and it’s already done! This may not be the wedding you’ve always wanted for me, but I’m not coming home! I cannot go back now, and you know the law is the law! I’m not allowed to come back once I’ve left my caste –”
	“Shh…” My grandmother hushed. “I’m not here to take you home.”
	“Then why are you here?” My mother asked, half laughing through all of the sobbing. “It’s not safe for you to see me now –”
	“Rose, HUSH!” Grandmamma interrupted in a harsh whisper. She quickly put a finger to her daughter’s lips and her own. “Don’t argue with me today. You were always an argumentative child. But listen to me! Never lose that fire. Especially not now. Not with this life that you’re about to step into.” 
	Grandmamma paused for a moment, and she and my mother exchanged a silent nod as she stepped backwards for a moment to reach into her pocket. She took something out of her pocket and placed it in my mother’s hand. It was a string of delicate, shimmering pearls; all as white as snow.
	“No, Mother. I can’t,” my mother shook. She had already done so much to her family, why take one more thing? But, my grandmother again hushed her.
	“Nonsense! Every bride must wear pearls on her wedding day.”  
	My grandmother took the pearls from the palm of my mother’s hand and moved behind my mother swiftly before she gently clasped them around her neck. My mother didn’t move another muscle as Grandmamma took her plain white skirt and fluffed it out in a more elegant manner. It was a far cry from what Abilene had imagined for her daughter’s wedding day, but she still lovingly smoothed out the crinkles on the dress all the same. This was all she was allowed to have since she was leaving her wealthy caste for this lowly one. She wasn’t allowed to take anything with her, not even for the wedding.  
	That’s what made this act so beautiful. It made these pearls a symbol of the love that neither of the women knew they could ever lose or leave behind, not even with every law in the kingdom bearing down on them. But, along with this heartfelt gesture – there was also danger. No one could know that they had seen each other today; and the fact that these pearls were now sitting on my mother’s neck needed to be kept quiet. They both eyed each other as Mum now stood staring at her reflection in the mirror, the pearls lining her neck and making her a decorated bride even while wearing the plainest of dresses. 
	“You will always be my child,” Grandmamma whispered. “I don’t care about the law. Rich or poor – I will never stop loving you.”
	The music on the church organ began to carry audibly from the other room and the mother and daughter exchanged bittersweet parting glances before each putting a finger to their lips to signify that they both knew never to speak of this moment again. An attendant knocked on the door to see if my mother was ready, and my grandmother placed a kiss on my mother’s head before retracting back into the dark part of the room and listening to the organ music continue to carry loudly from the other room. 
	Before the attendant closed the door, Mum looked back into the room once more; the pearls causing her to have a radiant, beautiful glow. She turned her head again and continued on a straight path to the chapel. The door quickly closed, and Lady Abilene bit her lip as she fell to the ground, silently grieving while she could only faintly listen to her daughter say her vows. This was where the scene seemed to end. 
	The story continued, but the beautiful, time-travelling portrait it had painted for my senses was beginning to fade. The shabby, worn walls of the church began to transform back into that of the Devereaux Manor. The cobwebbed rafters morphed back into the towering ceilings and bright, scrolling molding that lined each wall. The light that had been seeping through the space between each of the old, wooden blinds covering the windows became that of a single flickering lamp at Grandmamma’s bedside. The music of the organ faded back into the words being uttered from Lady Abilene’s lips, and now I was home. 
	“Although I felt as if that was the last time I would see my daughter, she came to see me the next day.” She explained. “The pearls had been noticed after the wedding. She knew that if she wanted to keep our meeting a secret she couldn’t keep them. When she came, we didn’t utter a single word; but her eyes said everything. She handed them back to me silently, turned and left. That was the last I saw of your mother.”
	When she finished speaking, my heart was churning within me. The tears were now coming down my face uncontrollably, but Grandmamma had told the story with a strange calmness. It was as if she’d never told another soul – yet she’d thought about it so much that it didn’t cause her pain any longer. 
	“You never gave up after that, did you?” I reveled in astonishment, but Grandmamma didn’t say a single word. 
	She didn’t need to; her eyes said everything. They told an entire story of perilous searching and treacherous defiance of the rule of her country. Somehow though, fate had still allowed for her to grasp a small part of the child she had been seeking after so earnestly before her last day.  At that moment, my grandmother did something unexpected. She sat up and reached for the little drawer in her bedside table. She pulled out an old photograph, worn from what looked to be years of abuse; the edges having apparently been burned. She opened her mouth to speak once again as she handed it to me.
	“I’ve been hiding this picture ever since that day. I’ve treasured it more than any other earthly possession. It’s been through more than any picture could honestly handle. I’ve had to smuggle it at the bottom of heavy loads, store it in hot attics and wet basements when our house has been searched by the Imperial Guards – it’s even survived a fire! But, the Lord knows how much it means to me.  I suppose that’s why he’s allowed it to remain intact this long.”
	It was a picture of my mother on that one, forbidden day. She was holding a bouquet and smiling as the string of glimmering pearls lined her neck. A wreath of flowers had been placed jubilantly on top of her head by joyous townspeople. They all gathered around her throwing leaves and petals into the air from every corner of the street. Yet, amidst all of the joyful laughter and singing of the townspeople; my grandmother was nowhere to be found.
	 That was when I finally understood. I understood her grief, and now I felt it too. But, now I didn’t understand why she was telling me this all at once. This mixture of emotions was now searing through me like a knife, and I could only think of the bleak void in my heart I had over the absence of the bride in this picture.
	“Why are you showing me now?” I asked her in tears, the subject suddenly shifting as the anger began to bubble up inside. “If I’ve been hidden away for all of these years, why are you forcing me carry all of the family’s burdens to the Magistrate? He could kill us! All of your ‘protection’ will have been for nothing!”
	“I know, child. I know,” she softly told me, still maintaining an impossible level of calmness. “I never anticipated that things would unfold the way that they did. I had to take every day as it came –”
	“What didn’t you anticipate? What was there to anticipate? That I would be so foolish, that I would be so…indecisive?” I angrily interrupted, turning away from her and hiding my face in my hands. She gently reached out and settled her hand in my back.
	“No, darling. I knew that there was no way to anticipate what would happen with you, that’s why I had to do everything that I could as new events unraveled. The thing that I didn’t anticipate was the fact that you would be so exceptionally strong. If I could do it differently, I would – but now you must learn to stand on your own.” She paused for a moment. I slowly turned back toward her. 
	“I’m sorry, Grandmamma,” I told her in tears. It was all I knew to say at that point. She didn’t say anything more, but she gazed at me in a way that unleashed the most whirling emotions in my heart. Soon, she told me to stand up.
	“Go to my bedroom drawer,” Grandmamma suddenly ordered. 
	My mind still whirling, I obeyed. I walked to the drawer that she had instructed me to open and wrapped my fingers around the knobs. As I pulled it open I was immediately met with the distinct sound of rolling. Slow motion seemed to ensue as I reached my hand into the hallow box that was all but empty except for a single priceless object that I took into my hands. It was a delicate pearl necklace, pure white as if it had been birthed and refined only a day ago.
	“Is this…” I started in disbelief, cradling the precious relic in my hands before trailing off into the world of all things glorious and bittersweet. 
	“Yes, and now it’s yours,” Grandmamma quickly replied, motioning for me to return to her side. “Treasure it, and never allow Beeti to find out what this necklace means. I love my daughter, but she is undeniably greedy. When I’m gone she would surely try to take it. Even if you choose to leave, never let it go.”
	I couldn’t find the words to say as the wise old woman proceeded to clasp the string of pearls around my neck. When all was said and done, I turned and looked into the mirror breathlessly. These pearls were a remnant of my mother, and now they were on me! At 17 years old, I looked at myself and for the first time saw the reflection of my mother. All of this time, I’d denied that I could have looked anything like her! Now I could finally see what I had been denying all of this time. It wasn’t something like petty hair color or the tone of my skin that people were seeing – it was the fire I carried in my heart.
	“You look beautiful, just like she did. Now take them and go.”
	In unison with her last word, I heard the musicians begin to tune their instruments downstairs. They would soon begin their infernally monotonous playing as the guests arrived over the course of the next two hours. Soon there was a knock on the door and Wren quickly pushed it open and let me know that it was time to get ready. Stella stood beside her, artificially beaming.
	“Oh, dearest cousin! I am so excited for the party! Seeing that old Emily is gone I’ve taken the liberty of being your ‘stylist’ tonight. Though, Wren still insists on leaving me out of your costume choices. It’ll still be fun all the same. Just a bit of ‘girl time’ before we get going!” Stella superficially chimed. “You’re going to look absolutely…beautiful.”
	I momentarily huffed at the thought of having to let Stella even partially designate what I was wearing over my (only) trusted styling aid. But, I trusted Wren at least. I was sure that even in Emily’s strange absence we’d figure something out all the same. 
	“I suppose it’s time for the baths,” I let out a breathy laugh, rising back up from where I was kneeling.
	I got up and left the room, turning once more to glance at Grandmamma before closing the door. We exchanged glances, and I saw her let out a smile. I knew the person that she must have seen when I glanced back over my shoulder at her in that moment, and it wasn’t really me. I saw her joy for a moment, that glimmer of hope in her eyes as she was reminded of the fact that one day she would see her daughter in the flesh once again. 
	After that, the door quickly swung shut.




19 | Masquerade



	“Here,” Wren softly told me after I had been scrubbed to a pulp in the baths that night. “If you’re going to be a butterfly, a little bit of glitter on the cheeks never hurt anything.”
	She dipped her hand into a jar of sparkling blue glitter and gently rubbed the flecks over the top of my cheekbones. When she rubbed them over the half that had been imprinted upon earlier from the time spent sleeping on the corner of my library book, I winced. The mark was gone, but the skin was still irritated. Each of the gritty flecks scratched it and caused callous burning. Ironically enough, this was the first object tonight that would cause me such discomfort. I had survived Stella’s beauty treatments and nail polishing in the bathhouse, expecting at every moment to be venomously burned or disfigured. Somehow, it was a fate that fortunately didn’t come. 
	“I was actually thinking something more along the lines of a fairy queen,” I mutedly expressed in her direction. 
	 There was no way to hide what uncertainty I was feeling over all of this. It’s not like dressing up as anything would have been my first choice – but it seemed that a fairy queen would be easy enough. Plus, every little girl wants to be a fairy. I was sure that since all of the people attending tonight could clearly afford it; there would be a fair amount of rich girls dressed more-or-less in the same costume. It would mean that I wasn’t out of place. 
	I didn’t care if it was my night or not; I didn’t want to be out of place.
	“Well, considering that the Magistrate has many friends among the crowd tonight I would advise we just call you a butterfly instead.” Wren winked at me, but I could tell that her response was all but whimsically true.
	 Oh well, it was still a common costume all the same! I wanted to be pretty at best, bland and unnoticed at worst. However, Wren insisted that I make an impression. My aunt had forcibly ensured that tonight I would “shine” whether I wanted to or not. Soon enough, I found glitter embezzling my body and a light-blue dress hugging my body that’s long, trailing sleeves made me look like a woman living 1,000 years before my time. I slipped my arms through the armholes as Wren laced it up from the back.
	“You look wonderful,” she beamed before my reflection in the mirror. Though, I still wasn’t sure.
	It wasn’t that I didn’t feel wonderful. It’s just that…well, when I looked at my reflection I saw someone different. The reflection was of a different person, someone belonging in a different time and place. The dress was long and elegant, though it could only be purely costume on a person like me. The thing that struck me about it was that I did look like a princess. But, I wasn’t one. That kind of title didn’t belong to such a confused, lowly, average girl like me. Though, this was a masquerade. Tonight I could at least pretend that it did.
	“Where are the wings?” I piped up, attempting to not loose myself by spluttering into an internal oblivion. 
	“Oh, they’re right here,” Wren told me, sounding as if she’d almost forgotten. She picked up the glittering pair of wings and slipped the two thin strings connecting them to each other over my shoulders. It seemed as if it was finished now, but Wren decided that I wasn’t done. No, I wasn’t done until she added one more detail. “There you go. Now you really are a fairy queen! Your mother would be so proud.”
	She had placed a beautiful, silver tiara on the top of my head that was lined with breathtaking pearls. In light of the moment, I closed my eyes and twisted a pearl between my fingers from the strand around my neck just to be sure that it was still there. It was. I opened my eyes again and cracked into a slight grin.
	“I thought you said I couldn’t be a fairy queen!” I lightheartedly told her.
	“Oh – right! Well, I never said you couldn’t be a butterfly queen.” Wren gave me a playful tap on the nose before handing me a flowing, satin cape as the finishing touch. “And I almost forgot to give you this. Don’t put it on unless you go outside. I want people to see your beautiful wings! Now come on, it’s time.” 
	She took me toward the door, the band downstairs playing as loud as ever. Stella was standing on the edge of the hallway on the other side. There was something about it that made me uneasy. Even though everything seemed to be fine, the look on her face was as sour as ever. It made me want to stay as far away from her as humanly possible.
	“Aunt Wren,” Stella quickly told her. “Grandmamma says she wants you at her bedside tonight instead of at the ball. She’s in great pain.”
	“Oh no…are you sure? I need to stay with Elissa!”
	“Don’t worry Auntie. I will stay and make sure that she gets all of the treatment that she deserves.” She flashed a half grin. “Before you go, please be sure to get her medicines together and bring them up with her favorite meal. Grandmamma is quite ornery tonight. She insists that you be the only one who does it. My mother is already there.”
	Wren flashed a look of distress, and then guilty looked downward. I could tell that she felt just as uneasy about leaving me in Stella’s care as I felt being left alone. But, Grandmamma apparently needed her. Wren couldn’t abandon her mother in her pain – especially not for a party.
	“Well, I suppose if she truly needs me…” she trailed off for a moment. “I’ll leave you to it.”
	“Thank you, Aunt Wren,” Stella grinned in reply. “Grandmamma won’t be disappointed.”
	Wren turned her back to us, and Stella forcibly took my hand. Before she had exited the hallway, Stella suddenly acted as if she’d just remembered something dire. She chimed up loudly, saying her words with a nonchalant flare. 
	“Oh – I almost forgot! Once you’re done with Grandmamma, don’t bother with coming back to the dance hall. She thinks it best for you to remain close to her tonight.”
	When she gave the seemingly carefree instructions, I could sense a grim undertone come forth in it. Something just wasn’t right about this, and almost as if Stella could hear my thoughts telepathically, she clenched my hand more firmly to tell me that there was no going back. She brimmed with a fake smile and turned tell me all that she had planned for tonight. Though, I couldn’t quite shake this feeling. I couldn’t put my finger on it, but something was apparently different about her that just wasn’t right.
	“Dearest cousin, I am so excited for you! You look like an angel!” She beamed. “The guests are arriving right as we speak. Once they’ve all arrived, I’ll present you as the honored birthday guest! But, you must go last. The last one introduced is always the most important.”
	“Alright…” I uncomfortably nodded in agreement along with her. “What must I do until then?”
	“Ah, I’m glad that you asked!” She smirked. “Since you’re going to be such a fabulous surprise, you must wait where they cannot see you.” 
	Stella then proceeded to yank me by the arm. She pulled me down the hallway, then down another, and then another one after that…soon taking me through a seemingly endless maze. The confusion of the maze was only absolved when we Stella stopped at a tiny, windowless room by the main stairs. It was almost the size of a closet and was lit by only a single gas lamp. With a puny wooden chair sitting in the center of the room, Stella motioned for me to pick up my skirt and plot myself down on the wimpy seat. 
	I looked at her in disbelief. Not only was this a room where the party-goers couldn’t see me…it was a place where I wouldn’t be able to see them. In the midst of this strange behavior, I looked toward Stella and cluelessly asked her what on earth she was planning.
	“Stella, why must I wait here? What’s going on?”
	 I could hear the violins playing along with their other stringed counterparts even more loudly now than before. As Stella shoved me into the room, I could even feel their vibrations through the floor. I realized that the ballroom must have been located directly below. 
	“Relax,” Stella snidely told me over the music. “I’m not hanging you out to dry. Just wait here for about 20 minutes. The guests will be introduced in alphabetical order. After that, I’ll come and get you. Don’t worry…you’ll be absolutely perfect.” 
	A sly grin crept over her face as she turned from me and quickly shut the door. At that moment – I realized what had been so off about her. I had been looking at it the whole time, yet I hadn’t even noticed what it was! Of course I as apparently decked-out for this, more than Stella would have been in any case. I was the birthday girl and Wren had insisted on it. But…when I looked at Stella again I saw that even though this was supposedly a costume party, the girl wasn’t wearing a costume!
	“Stella, wait!” I called through the door, pounding on the other side. I knew she was there. I could still hear her! “Why must you leave me here, and why can’t I wait someplace else? And why aren’t you wearing a costume? Tell me what’s really going on!”
	After I said it, I placed my hands on the doorknob. Before I could turn it, Stella abruptly locked the door from the other side. In unison with the click, I scanned the room for another key. The door locked from both the outside and the inside – so there had to be one in here somewhere! But, Stella soon raised her voice.
	“I’m not dressed because I was busy tending to you, dear!” She told me, almost shouting. “But don’t worry, I will be! And, I have the other key! Elissa, why don’t you just trust me?” I continued rattling the wood with angry knocks, and Stella again screamed at me through the door. “Give it a rest; this is for your own good! I promise I’ll come back for you when it’s time.”
	Convinced that Stella’s words were a lie, I searched the room for another key in vain. After about 10 frantic minutes, I wearily gave up and plotted myself down in the middle of the dark room. There was not one thing on the wall, not a single picture, poster, or painting. My only light was the small gas lamp beside the tiny chair. Even that burned with a flame so weak I thought it was somehow going to go out. 
	I nearly started crying right then and there, but as I heard the doorman begin to announce the party guests downstairs I attempted to make myself stop. What if Stella really did intend to do what she had claimed? I mean, it was my birthday, wasn’t it? In 10 more minutes Stella was going to come back for me, ready to show me off. If I had puffy eyes and tears streaming down my face I would just make a fool of myself. Even if she was going to keep me in here all night, it’s not like I really wanted to do this anyway…
	Okay, maybe I did. Perhaps underneath it all I actually did want things to go smoothly so that I could be somewhat presentable and greatly liked. Although, I realized that at the moment I couldn’t continue to over think things the way that I was. If I did, I’d surely have a heart attack.
	Right now all I knew was that I just wanted to get through this. 
	The doorman began calling all of the A’s. 20 minutes passed, and I realized that the time frame Stella had given me must have been a joke. She still wasn’t here – and now the doorman wasn’t even half way through the B’s. This was the longest, most painstaking list ever, it seemed. I would be here all night long at this rate!
	“Announcing the arrival of Julia Bremson,” I mutedly heard through the floor. “The Honorable Countess Sabrina Burke,” I heard after that. “…Lady Olga Byzantine,” was the last name I heard before I began to wander into my own thoughts and drift off to sleep. It felt like this would never end, so I supposed that a good nap wouldn’t do me any harm. At least an hour later, Stella stomped back down the hallway and thrust the door open. The sound of the door and her shrill voice jolted me wide awake.
	“It’s time to go and –” Stella had opened the door and poked her head through it, but she quickly halted her sentence when she saw me lying on the floor. “My word – were you sleeping?”
	“Um…yes…I think so,” I told her, putting a hand on my head as I stood up. 
	“Well…come on! Your make-up is still perfect,” she let out a slight laugh. I felt my chest lower as I expelled a nervous sigh in return. Stella appeared to be wearing the same clothes that she was beforehand, but now she wore a simple, jeweled mask. It made me feel a slight amount of ease to see her clearly dressed for what I thought would be a masquerade as well.
	“You’re not dressed to fancifully,” I softly remarked as she took my arm and led me out of the closet-like space.
	“Well…I couldn’t outshine the birthday girl, could I?” She slyly chuckled in return.
	I quickly took my hand and made sure that my crown was positioned correctly before heading down the stairs. I took in a deep breath, seeing the towering door that separated me from the ballroom. The doorman looked at me and immediately flashed me a look of concern. At first I thought he must have been looking over my shoulder at someone else, but I turned to see no one there but Stella and I. He was clearly looking at…me. It appeared as if he saw something truly wrong. What could it be? I flashed him a look in reply that begged an answer, but as it was protocol to do so; he remained silent.
	He opened up the door, Stella going through first and pulling me by the arm behind her. She began yanking me, trotting toward the front of the grand staircase so quickly that I tripped over the hem of my dress. When I picked myself up, I saw that I had been thrust onto the floor right at the foot of the stairs. I was now in plain view of every attendee. At my clumsy mishap, I heard vague outbursts of laughter coming from all around the room. 
	I still hadn’t looked up to see what awaited me. I closed my eyes as I stood back up again, trying to shake the embarrassment and appear at least somewhat confident for the peering crowd below. The crowd’s seemingly vague laughter had worked its way up to an almost unanimous roar, and I couldn’t help but wonder why. A simple stumble couldn’t possibly cause this much gawking! But, when I opened my eyes I saw the reason why they were laughing so hard. It was something that made my heart drop. Something that caused me to step backwards, utterly terrified. 
	Everyone was wearing their normal, everyday attire. Everyone but me. 
	“You’re not going to leave now, are you?” Stella snared at me through gritted teeth. In the corner of my eye, I could see Stella removing her mask and discarding it to the side. Before I could dart, Stella forcefully began to drag me down the stairs. “Aren’t you going to make your entrance?”
	“This isn’t my party,” I murmured in cold shock.
	“Of course it is,” Stella snidely replied. “It’s your own birthday roast!” 
	I began to tremble as she led me to the big fireplace on the edge of the room. Every eye was staring, inescapably mocking me as the severely over-dressed center of attention. As pretty as I had felt earlier, now I had been reduced to dust.
	 It was because I was different…out of place. This was the very thing I had wanted to avoid! It was the worst feeling I could have experienced at that moment, but the embarrassment and discomfort coming from being the center of attention simply were not enough for Stella. No, Stella wasn’t going to stop until she had completely, degradingly, humiliated me.
	“Everyone – turn your gaze upon Madame Butterfly! This beautiful queen has joined us tonight to provide the entertainment for tonight!” Stella shouted jovially above the crowd. The laughter continued. “Tonight we will dazzle you by stripping this creature of its wings!”
	On the other side of the house at that moment, Wren was tending to Grandmamma alongside her sister. Beeti acted as though she knew nothing of what might have been going on across the house, throwing her own masquerade of sorts as she hid her knowledge behind a sick smile. When my sleeping grandmamma awoke to find them both standing over her instead of chaperoning the children down the hall, she was immediately filled with concern.
	“Why are you both here?” The old woman confusedly recollected.
	“Stella said that you wanted me here,” Wren swiftly replied. Grandmamma looked to her in concern. 
	“And you listened to her? I have said no such thing!” Grandmamma exclaimed. “You and Beeti should be supervising the girls at the party!”
	As senile as she may have been becoming, they could both tell that her words were coming out of her right mind. Wren flashed her aloof sister a look of concern before Grandmamma spoke up again; her insight beyond all compare. 
	“Heavens, ladies! Don’t tell me that you’ve left those girls alone!”
	Wren rushed out of the room to find me, feeling utterly stupid to have believed an ounce of Stella’s words. Beeti went along with her sister, though the concern for me that she displayed was all really a sham. Not wanting to raise alarm in either of the women, she went with Wren carrying such concern that her demeanor would have seemed to scream that she had nothing to do with what could be conspiring down the hall. They picked themselves up from where they were sitting and rushed as quickly as they could toward the dance hall. 
	They were already too late. Stella brutally knocked me to the ground again. This time some of the crowd quieted at the sight. Though, a few sadistic souls became even louder in their bellowing. I tried to stand back up again, to which Stella obliged. She yanked me upwards, turning me around and ripping the fairy wings from my back of my costume. 
	“Now you can be dressed just like everyone else!” That was when she threw them into the fire. 
	She still didn’t stop there. She grabbed the blue satin cape from my hands, but this time I wasn’t going to let her take it. It became a tug of war, and even through the disadvantage of my size against hers; her strength couldn’t overwhelm mine. I tugged and tugged in a relentless fury until my cousin fell backwards onto the ground. The crowd was mostly silent now, except for a dwindling few of the sadistic souls who still found it all to be such grand entertainment.
	“Can’t you see? You’re just a pathetic little thing!” She screamed pettily, banging her fists onto the floor. “You might think that you’re such a beauty – but no matter what you do you’re just like everyone else! In fact, not even that! You may think you’re stunning, but the harder you try, the more ridiculous you become!”
	The scene fell inescapably still. Stella sat on the ground, eyeing me. She wasn’t just generally doing so – she was eyeing something in specific. After a few seconds, I looked down to realize what it was. It was my necklace. Stella suddenly lurched at me, and I jumped back. That was when the crowd finally had enough, I think, because a few of the sour souls from Stella’s group of friends jumped forth. 
	“Stella, please – this is getting out of hand,” Reginald’s sister suddenly exclaimed. 
	“Yes, it was funny at first, but now you can stop!” Reginald in turn spoke up. “Please…for her sake.”
	Stella calmed, but her eyes still burned with their misguided anger. At the same time, I stood frozen like a deer caught in headlights. The entire room had their attention focused on us both now, but I knew that most of them were looking solely toward me. Now their stares read everything from contempt to pity to anger and disgust. 
	Their eyes burned. Their eyes mocked. Their eyes marred. The room felt as if it was closing in around me at that moment, and I couldn’t stand it anymore. I slowly began to back away in horror, each step becoming swifter than the last. Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion now, and my heart was pounding as I turned from the crowd in my painful soup of tumultuous feelings. Right then Beeti and Wren burst through the doors in a frantic rush – but it was too late. 
	I had already turned from them and started running. 
	I picked up the bottom of my dress in a chaotic frenzy ran toward the back door and out into the main hallway. Much to my surprise, the crowd didn’t stop me. In fact, they parted especially for me as I miserably fled from the scene of the crime. Where could I go? What could I do? Presently, I felt so much angst that I didn’t care. I ended up running outside and darting toward the very first thing I saw. 
	As fate would have it, the first thing that caught my eye was the hedge maze. So, I ran.
	The huge, harvest moon hung low tonight. The stars shone as brightly as they could have on the very eve of creation. But, none of these things brought me peace or enjoyment right now. All I could feel right now was anger and humiliation.
	After wandering a good distance through the maze, I stopped at the fountain in the center. It was the one with spluttering waters that used to remind me of my life by the sea. I took a look up at the sky and stars, expecting to be calmed. Instead – the very opposite happened.
	“What kind of plan is this?” I angrily screamed into the air. “I’m no queen! All I am is a commoner dressed as one; someone much more fit to wear rags than a crown! A plain…small…useless…”
	In that moment, I became so angry that I did something rash. I was so angry about the present moment, about my life and all of the things that I wished I could be but never would obtain; that I jerked my hand over the necklace. Then, I tore the pearls from my neck and threw them onto the ground.
	When I let them go, I instantly regretted it. I tried to grab them in horror, but it was already done. They quickly hit the ground and the entire necklace shattered into a mess of freely-rolling beads. Pearls are strong and enduring objects, so they were all still intact. Nevertheless, their roundness made each one impossibly difficult to catch. The string that had been holding them together quickly split and caused each of the tiny pearls to roll freely and chaotically across the stone trials. I chased the little beads across the pavement in vain.
	“No! No!” I exclaimed in tears. “I’m sorry!”
	It was already too late. The more I tried to reach out and scoop them back into my trembling hands, the more they scattered. Before I grasp even one of them, they began rolling on-by-one into the fountain. In less than a few seconds, the last of the pearls had fallen into the water and sunk to the bottom.
	 I tried to see if I could retrieve them – but it was useless. The water was too deep and the scene was just too dark. The pearls were nowhere to be found. The last pieces of my mother’s precious necklace were gone. How could I have done this? And…how would I ever be able to tell my grandmother? Tell her that the last relic she had of her daughter had been destroyed at the hands of her granddaughter?
	 I stopped my vain quest to retrieve the tiny pearls as I came to terms with the inevitable. But, I still didn’t avert my gaze from the water. Now I saw my reflection in the crystalline surface of the fountain, faintly outlined under the light of the moon.
	 I saw the crown on top of my head and abruptly ripped it off. I wasn’t worthy of any crown, especially not now! How stupid could I have possibly been?! How rash, how emotional?!  The damage done, I took it into my hands and tossed it aside. I then fell prostrate onto the ground, buried my head into my arms, and utterly wept.
	“Oh Mother, I’m so sorry!” I repetitively cried. “Forgive me!”
	As I wept, I felt the emptiness grow. Apparently, I wasn’t the only one who felt it – for someone had been quietly watching me from afar. And this person…as allusive as he might have been; could feel the pain in his soul as well. He took tender pity on me…not being able to see me suffering.
	Although he knew he probably should not have done it, he approached me. I though, was too grieved to notice it. The next thing I knew, I felt a warm hand settle gently on my back. I slowly sat up, turning my head toward this stranger. Normally I would have been terrified…but as soon as I saw him a strange calm came over me.
	“Oh…it’s you,” I dazedly spoke as I recognized whose face it was. 
	It was the same person who always seemed to surface at these odd times…the one who I had struggled to find and yet never could unless I wasn’t trying to. It was Rhys.
	“What happened?” He tenderly asked me, wiping a tear from my face with his hand. “Who did this to you?”
	What could I tell him? I struggled to find even one word that would comprehend what I was feeling right now. Then, something strange happened. It was as if…as if I didn’t even have to tell him. He gazed into my eyes with such depth that I could almost feel him looking into my soul. After a few moments, a great calm swept over me. It was even greater than the one I had felt before. The tears still came, but not nearly as heavily. I opened my mouth to speak, finally able to articulate. 
	“A terrible thing has just happened…” I began, the tears beginning to pour once again. “Those people in there – all they could do were gawk at me –” 
	“Gawk at you?” He interrupted. “Why would they do such a thing? You’re not worthy of being mocked. You’re…beautiful.” His last words seemed to come in a daze now as well. 
	“My cousin…”I began again. I tried to hold back my emotions, but it was useless. It all came out in an explosive burst. “She’s succeeded in spiting me! That’s all that there is to say.” 
	I choked on every word now, feigning my way through it all; working my way from being an emotional train wreck to the complaining venting of an angry two year old. I looked away from him, embarrassed that I had unloaded so much on someone that I barely knew. But, he didn’t seem put off by it at all. Rather, he seemed to be strangely understanding of it; understanding in a way that I’d never seen in another person before. He gently took me by the arm and helped me to stand up, tilting my face toward his.
	“I promise I won’t hurt you,” he told me gently before bending down and taking the discarded tiara into his hands.  “And why aren’t you wearing this?”
	Without even asking, he placed it back on my head and immediately zoned out. I won’t lie, it was very strange. He stopped and stared at me, just stared. It was as if he were visualizing something – I didn’t know what – but it was something eerie. It was almost as if he was connecting this image of myself wearing the crown with something he’d heard or seen somewhere else before…maybe a vision or a far-off dream.
	“Are you alright?” I softly asked him. “Is there something wrong?”
	“No. You’re perfect. Like…like a queen.” 
	




20 | Midnight’s Song



	We linked hands, invigorated and hypnotized at the touch. Neither person would let go, because deep down inside we knew. As much as we would both deny it, this was the point of no return. There was now silence in the air. He started into my eyes intensely. I unexpectedly let go of his hands and began laughing.
	“Why are you staring at me?”At that moment he seemed to snap out of whatever kind of entrancement he was in and began laughing as well.
	“You’re wearing blue,” he laughed.
	“Yes…and?” I chimed up peculiarly at his blunt statement.
	“You’re always wearing blue when I meet you.”
	I fumbled for a minute before I realized that I knew exactly what he was talking about. He was right…I had! It was a simple notion that temporarily caused me to forget my woes. The woes were replaced by the feeling of butterflies in my stomach and the expelling of a bubbly laugh as the very last tears of sadness stopped their flow and became tears of laughter.
	“I’m surprised you remember that” I suddenly smiled. “You must have a very good memory!”
	“Oh yes, I guess I do then…” He playfully trailed off. “And since I have such a good memory, I must say; you have a wonderful voice.”
	“Thank you…I – I try to use it…sometimes.” I swiftly blushed, spluttering every word. It caused him to start laughing.
	“Aha! What was the name of that song you were singing when we first met?” He grinned, beginning to sing. “How did it go again? Oh…was it… ‘Dance with me under moonlit skies, find a song to sing…’”
	 He sang it perfectly, as if it was a song he already knew. And, all together his voice was actually quite decent. My heart fluttered. 
	“You know that song?” I chimed. “That’s…Midnight’s Song! It’s the song of my people! How could you know it?”
	“Why is that so surprising that I do?” He expressed amusedly in reply.
	“No…it’s just…as long as I’ve lived here it’s seemed that no one from this part of the country would know it…”
	“Well,” he smiled at me, kissing my hand. “I suppose then that there are many things I know that may surprise you. For instance, I know that inside of that mansion there are a number of stuck-up nobles dancing with each other without so much as a single word of appreciation for the woman that their party should be celebrating.”
	Honestly, his words couldn’t have been more appropriate. They were very tongue-in-cheek, yet completely truthful no less. The way he said it caused me to feel a little better. Still, I blushed. 
	“Oh…those aristocrats!” I exclaimed in an exaggerated, teasing moan. “Those arrogant airheads don’t know a thing about real parties!”
	Rhys let out a boyish grin. He playfully added to my exasperation, starting a sort of game that went back and forth between the two of us. We soon began to exchange in a battle of who-knows-the-most-insults-pertaining-to-nobility.
	“Genuinely so! Those toffee-nosed idiots don’t get to see any part of real life beyond what they learn in their daft little reading rooms. They’re so petty –”
	“And illogical!” I added.
	“Pompous!”
	“Rambling!”
	“Insensitive!” That was the last remark, and oddly enough – it came from both of us at the same time. 
	“Elissa…considering that those incoherent snobs can’t appreciate you; would you care to dance with me?” Rhys smiled.
	“Dance with you?” I remarked, feeling myself expel a big grin.
	“If you please.”
	I felt my heart begin to pound as he gently extended a kind, cordial hand. Even though I hardly knew him, there was a sense I had that Rhys could be trusted. I felt a warm burst rush through me, realizing that this chance was a greater gift than any dance I could have partaken in back inside.
	“Of course,” I softly told him
	I extended my hand and willingly clasped it into his. He smiled and gave it a gentle squeeze as he led me toward the end of the maze. I couldn’t hold it back any longer. I laughed and began playfully singing it under my breath:

“Dance with me to midnight’s song
A tale of lovers, old and young
Sing to me of the world beyond
Under the moonlit skies.”

	At first I sang it playfully, realizing that the lyrics of the song were quite fitting of the situation. After all, they were about a girl asking someone to dance, weren’t they? At least, I’d always thought that was what they were about. There couldn’t have possibly been any more to it than a simple fictitious piece of poetry, I recollected. Nothing more, and nothing less.
	Rhys suddenly twirled me around. Now he mutedly joined in with me, being careful not to steal whatever spotlight there was on me at that point. The world around us was spinning at half-speed, and it felt like our rhythmic words and swiftly moving feet were the only things moving within the entire atmosphere.

“A world of crystal seas and crimson moon
Of blood-red roses and lives anew
Where the scarlet lilies bloom
Under the midnight sky…

	Toward the end of the last verse, I’ll admit that we sort of lost ourselves. At first we were singing in a way meant to poke fun at the situation, but now it had clearly progressed to something more. Nonetheless, I’m sure from our awkwardly exaggerated bellows and merry frolicking that any passers-by would think we were complete idiots. Despite that, my logical side wasn’t winning. I smiled at him and continued, becoming even more aware each second that there was more to these lyrics than just a song.

“Dance with me under moonlit skies
Find a song to sing
Of a place beyond the Earth’s entrapping walls
A place beguiling

The moon hangs low in a clear black sky
Painted stars shine brightly
Midnight sings its enchanting song
Illuminating the night

Under scattered stars, and bright full moon
The bonds of fate will tie the two
Blind to what they both shall do
Entwined by Love’s Duet…”

	Intentionally or not, now we were both staring into each other’s eyes. It was as if we were both in a trance that neither one of us could help. Forget how stupid it seems. At the moment, we were completely lost to reality. We neared in closer, and I softly continued to sing…

“Under scattered stars and bright full moon
A single kiss that binds the two
Under the midnight sky…”

	As I breathed the final word of the verse, Rhys tilted his head into mine. Our noses brushed against each other, and we nearly – just ever so nearly – inched in for a kiss. But, in an instant the trance we were both in faded. Rhys gently but abruptly pulled away, as did I. 
	Although I realized how weird the situation actually was, I still didn’t expect him to just pull away like that. When I looked back into his eyes to see what could have been the matter, and read loud and clear that he was realizing that he didn’t know me, he shouldn’t have just romanced me in such a way; and he was stuck wondering why he would ever even think of doing this in the first place.
	And now, I was fuming.
	“Please don’t leave,” I suddenly spoke up, remembering our last encounter and vowing not to look away. This time I knew that if he vanished, he’d take half of my heart and sanity with him. “For once tell me who you are!”
	I could see the reluctance in his eyes. Now I felt the tears beginning to come forth once again. This time, Rhys was the one who couldn’t stand it. He took in a deep breath and spoke to me softly while avoiding eye contact.
	“I’m a wind that’s here for a little while, then moves someplace else. I am a solitary soul. I stay in one place without many plans and then I go another place without any others. I know more about you than I please, yet I deny the truth of the things to come. Elissa, I’m sorry to have brought you into this. Truly.”
	“Don’t humor me with riddles!” I raised my voice, hot with frustration. “Who do you think you are? How many other women do you constantly do this to? Tell me how you always find me, and tell me why you enjoy playing with my emotions like this!”
	“I didn’t play with any-”
	“Don’t argue!” I quickly interrupted, now in tears. “Yes you do! Now please…if you won’t tell me anything else about yourself but mysterious riddles; at least tell me why it is that you always seem to find me! Why is it that you always come and find me at the most unexpected times and then vanish in all of the others?!”
	“I…I can’t,” he started, trying to collect himself. “Alright, alright. I probably shouldn’t, but I suppose I’ve gone too far to continue ‘playing with you.’ You’re not going to understand it, but here it is: it’s because of fate. I know it will find me, so I’m always running. I don’t try to cross paths with you, it just happens. There are things that fate would like me to tell you that I continually deny because of my cowardice. I’m sorry that I’ve hurt you Elissa, and on your birthday no less. Truly, I am.”
	I closed my eyes and let out a sigh, not paying any mind to the fact that he was referencing a birthday that I had told him nothing about. Of course I didn’t understand his reasoning. I couldn’t understand his reasoning. Because it was so misunderstood in my mind, I began questioning once again whether or not this was even real. I opened my eyes again and let out a huff of air.
	“I’m sorry…” I trailed off. “I don’t know what came over me.”
	“Nor do I…” 
	“Just…promise me something. Just one thing,” I earnestly told him. At this request, I could see that Rhys had internally been brought to his knees. 
	“Elissa, I will do…whatever you ask,” he said without thinking. I could see a sudden rush of energy burst forth with it.
	“Promise me…that if you are truly fond of me and haven’t yet been ‘carried away’ from here; you will see me again.” I demanded. “That way I can be certain that you are of honest intention.”
	“Elissa, I care to see you, more than you know! I just cannot…always…” he stopped, looking into my eyes. He couldn’t stand causing me so much distress. Knowing more about my life than I presently was aware of; he took pity on me. So, he nodded. “Alright…I promise.”
	“You do?”
	“Yes. As long as I’m still here…and I still can; one day we will meet again.”
	There was a sound that carried through the maze all of the way to the clearing. I snapped backwards when I heard it, realizing that it was my aunt. She was calling my name in a frantic rush, probably wondering if I was even alive after what had happened. I looked over my shoulder, but as soon as I did I realized what I had done. I had looked away.
	My mind snapped back to Rhys again, and I realized that when I averted my eyes back in the direction that he was he would probably be gone. Though…for the first time…I looked back to the place where he had been. I expected him to be gone, but he was still there. 
	“You’re still here,” I blankly uttered. Then, Rhys turned and asked me something unexpectedly profound:
	“Have I ever really left you?” 
	The words caused me to come to a sudden halt. It had always seemed to me that Rhys was a wind. I saw him for one moment, and then he was gone. Yet, even though he was the wind itself, somehow I always saw him again. Maybe it wasn’t always expected or convenient – but he was always there. I realized this, yet I still couldn’t shake what I felt in the present. Right now my mind was tumbling around the encasement of my skull. Wren was approaching - and I couldn’t believe it – but I was actually going to have to tell Rhys to hide. 
	“Rhys…I – I should probably be going. So should you. If either of my aunts knew that I was alone with a stranger tonight I think I’d be better off enduring eternity surrounded by the toffee-nosed idiots.”
	Rhys glinted with a smile. I think I might have winked at him – but I hardly remember anything I did at that moment since I was in such a frantic rush to get out of there. He waved me off, and I ran back into the maze. As I exited through the opening, he dimly glinted and called to me from behind:
	“We shall meet again, Elissa Devereaux!”
	The way he said it made my heart jump. I met with Wren in the middle of the maze and she immediately grabbed my face. I had expected a lecture or scolding, but I was instead lavished with a hug. This was a vaguely familiar feeling, one much like something I would have expected out of my own mother. It seemed that she was nearly about cry over me in the utter relief she felt from seeing that I was okay. Perhaps Wren was more like her than I once thought.
	“Elissa, I am so sorry,” she cried. “I have been so worried about you. Stella will be punished for this, I promise! That girl is better off with her backside plastered over the Magistrate’s fireplace.”
	At first I couldn’t understand what she was fussing about. The whole encounter with Rhys had caused me to be filled with so many other feelings that I had completely forgotten about Stella. It ended up being short-lived, as being here with Wren caused me to remember just enough to make me spiral back into shock.
	“You’re not going to make me go back, are you?” I asked her meekly.
	“Of course not! As far as I’m concerned, the party is officially over. Though, we mustn’t worry about these things while we’re out here. There’s a chill in the air. Let’s get you back inside before you freeze to death.”
	She put an arm around my shoulders and took me back into the manor through the servants’ entrance. Word spread extremely fast in this part of the house. Before I walked with Wren up the back stairs, Haley King stopped us. She came up to me with a few of her friends and placed a soft grey blanket on my shoulders. 
	“It’s awful cold out.” She delicately told me. “It isn’t much, but it should keep ya from gettin’ chills t’night.” 
	I lightly smiled at her and nodded my head. In turn, she respectfully curtsied and bowed her head. Everyone did. They saw me coming into their quarters that night as one of their own. They respectfully quieted, treating me as someone who had just survived a battle in war; curtsying as if they were parting to make a path for a forgotten queen. Every day they endured being ordered around and humiliated in worse ways than I had been. I was one of them. Two people at once, I was the only Devereaux who could understand their pain. 
	“Come, Elissa. I will help you get ready for bed tonight if you like,” Wren told me as she took my hand and led me through the dark servants’ corridor. 
	I supposed that must have meant that Emily was still gone.  She took me back into my room and gently offered to help me into the clothes that had been tenderly laid on my bed. For once, though – I decided that it was time to stop being helpless. I was a 10 at heart, not a 3. No matter what number I was, now more than ever I could see that no matter what my status was, I was a human being. And all human beings are wonderfully yet somehow uniquely, equally the same.
	“You know what? I think that this time I’d rather do it myself.” 
	Wren respectfully left me to it, and I placed the set of pajamas in my hands. They were new, I realized, and attached to the satin robe on top of the gown was a small note.
	“Happy Birthday,” it read in neat, black ink. “Love, Grandmamma.”
	It gave me just a tiny bit of hopeful happiness to see that my day hadn’t been completely destroyed. I still had the (sometimes unconventional) love of the people around me. I quickly slipped the nightgown over my head and tied the robe over my body. Wren knocked on the door and I quickly ushered her in. She immediately came and sat on the foot of my bed.
	“I realize I haven’t quite been there when you’ve needed it, Elissa. Believe me; I loved your mother too. Growing up I always looked up to her. I know I’ll never be able to take her place…but I’m here now. I’m here to stay.”
	I quietly nodded and mouthed a thank you, and she began to gently take a comb and brush the curls out of my hair as I sat next to her. Though, now I couldn’t stop looking toward the balcony. I was thinking of Rhys, unable to wipe any part of him from my mind. 
	“What are you looking over there for?” Wren suddenly asked. 
	I leaned against the balcony’s marble railings. I still questioned what could of have been real and what could have been fantasy – but within the vast depths of my being I already knew the truth. The things that confused me about this were sure to come to light soon. That didn’t mean that the stubborn part of me wasn’t going to try denying it. 
	“I can’t help but feel like…I’m looking for something. But, every time I realize it I end up straying. It’s like every time I try to look – I end up being sent back further away from where I even started in the first place.” 
	Though she didn’t quite understand them, she still sensed that there was something more to them than anyone could see. She softly laid her hand on my shoulder, and for a moment I was reminded of my mother. In the next moment Wren caught sight of my pearl-less neck.
	“Elissa, where are your pearls?”
	I stopped, my heart sinking in my chest. For a few moments, I was frantic. I was quickly reminded of the destruction that my actions had caused. They were gone, destroyed beyond repair and lost beyond all retrieval. But, what could I tell her? As I opened my mouth and tried to give her my answer – the unimaginable happened. 
	I moved to the side, a breeze causing the bottom of my robe to go airborne. When it did, I heard a distinct clinking. I froze, wondering if it could possibly be what I thought it was. The breeze came back and sent the fabric back into flight – and I heard it once more.
	It sounded like…beads. It sounded like heavy, round beads clicking against each other while they were being knocked by the wind. Pearls. Impossible, I thought in disbelief. It couldn’t be! I dug my hand into the satin pocket and was left in shock at the objects that I felt my fingers dance over. I took it into my hand and pulled it out of the pocket, absolutely speechless.
	It was the pearl necklace. 
	I placed one of the beads between my teeth and felt its gritty surface in disbelief. I examined it from every angle to see that it had the same clasp, the same tiny imprint on the hook, and the same natural but seemingly spotless coloring. As much as I wanted to doubt, I couldn’t. This was my mother’s necklace – the one that I had clearly remembered destroying. Wren didn’t say a word, obviously not realizing what had just happened. She didn’t, but I did. 
	They were right here in my hands, completely intact as if nothing had ever happened.




21 | Tensions



	Wren was right. Stella’s actions were too terrible to go unpunished by my family. With less than a month to go, it was unanimously decided after the incident that they only way to salvage whatever positive bits and pieces were left of their family reputation was to keep Stella and I separate for the time being. It all happened very quickly afterward, but instead of feeling as if I had been vindicated it was almost as if I no longer cared. Three days after the incident, Stella was shipped off to live with our relatives living in the South to learn a lesson about “wisdom” and “grace.”
	It’s funny how the tables turned so quickly simply because right now I was of value.
	“Get up milady,” Emily coldly told me the morning of Stella’s departure. I opened my eyes to see Emily hovering over me, a dusty sheet being flapped in the air with her hands. Once I sat up I caught a whiff of the free-flowing dust and let out a cough.  
	“Why on earth are you doing that in here?” I groggily asked. “And wait…when did you get here? You’ve been gone for three days!”
	It all came to me at once, and I couldn’t help but feel confused. Her disappearance had been so sudden, and her reappearance had been the same. When I brought it up, I could immediately see the hesitance in her face. It was a harsh, reluctant hesitance. She looked away for a moment and then surprisingly chimed back up in a tone I’d never heard from her before.
	“I’m multitasking! And why is it your business that I’ve been gone? Why should you care so much?” She defensively exclaimed. “I’m only doing my job, Lady Devereaux. I didn’t come to be quizzed about my personal life!”
	“Lady Devereaux?” I recollected in confusion. Now I was wide awake, and I could see a new, different nature in Emily surface. She hadn’t called me that since the very first few weeks I’d been here. Something about this was completely wrong. I had to say something. “Emily, are you alright? All I did was ask you where you were…If you went to visit your family I’m not upset -”
	“Well I didn’t,” she hastily interrupted. “And maybe where I was until today isn’t your business!”
	We quickly fell silent. The rift that had been present ever since Emily’s first disappearance grew to its largest, most cavernous extent. My heart dropped, unable to see exactly what was ailing my closest ally. Now she was unnaturally closed, unrevealing of the problem that was making her so defensive. Without saying another word, she got me up out of bed and handed me my day clothes. As I had grown accustomed to doing now, I slipped them over my own head, realizing at the same time that my asking was useless. After a few minutes, the once-silent Emily spoke up.
	“Your cousin is leaving today. Do you wish to see her?”
	For just a moment, I paused. Had Emily been told of what had happened to me? She was being so closed off today that I simply couldn’t tell. Everyone around me showed continual sympathy after what happened that night. They doted on me from head to toe and constantly asked if I was alright, as if I was a damaged china doll. Though, since I saw Rhys that night it was almost as if my mind had sealed the memory of that painful incident with a very powerful key. Now I was filled with too much curiosity about the unanswered things to dwell on it, and other than that my human self was trying very hard to simply forget it all together. 
	Every time I would be coddled and comforted by a casual passer-by I would be somewhat surprised as I remembered the reason for their concern. I would stop for a moment and look them in the eye, slightly stunned. Much to their disbelief, the answer I’d give them would normally be: “Yes, I’m alright. Thank you.” 
	After the dress had been slipped over my head, I looked over to my bedside table. The pearls were still there, much to my continual disbelief. Every day I watched the necklace closely just to be sure that it were actually there and that my mind still wasn’t just stuck in a hallucination.  Somehow…they always were. Their resurrection seemed to be reality, and now I placed them in my hands and strung them around my neck once again. 
	“No, I do not wish to see her again.” I abruptly told her in reply. 
	Even though I could hardly think about Stella, that didn’t mean I wanted to see her again. We hadn’t spoken since the incident, and for good reason. It was understandable, so she gave me a quick nod and ran to tell the rest of the family. And just like that, Stella’s time knowing me came and gone in an instant. 
	More days passed, and Emily remained increasingly closed-off, even silent. I guessed it might have been the pressure of knowing that soon we would all be under the scrutiny of the Magistrate, which was essentially right. Though, every time I spoke with her I could sense something much more than simply stress. I could sense fear. Underneath it all, I knew what this had to involve. But, I didn’t say anything. I had given her my word that I wouldn’t speak of it to anyone months ago. 
	Meanwhile, I found myself being pushed into seclusion. During the first part of November I could see no one outside of my family, receive no letters, and had to be supervised at all times. Even though she had been supposed to take a holiday, Sister Marie-Katherine came to me every day after she learned about what had happened to console me. (Even though I often insisted I was in no need of consolation). Beneath it all, I truly was struggling. Every day that passed was another that I believed brought me closer to death, and I also became consumed with frustration at not having any explanations about my last mysterious encounter with the boy in the garden. But, I had developed a hard, concealing shell and wanted to deny it all I could. I suppose that the Sister could see that. 
	Since the time of the Magistrate was drawing near, it felt almost as if every lesson she gave me was a preparation for battle. It was fitting, I suppose, because as the time drew near the Magistrate’s fight against witchcraft intensified. It was something that caused me to keep the book of folklore hidden beneath my pillows but always within reach. Since the night before the ball, I still hadn’t read it – but now I felt some weird instinctual sense that I needed to keep it with me. 
	Although I held onto it for several weeks, Sister Marie-Katherine secretly understood what I was going through and kept silent about the matter. However, this nun would surprise me. Everywhere I looked, the Sister was dropping small hints about the truth of the monster I would soon be facing.
	“Celeste, you must remember something,” she told me out of the blue one day. It was a full month after my birthday, and now the days were growing shorter. Soon it would truly be time. “The Magistrate has always been a powerful man capable of mighty things. There are many things he has tried to do – but just remember that when you go before him the things he can do are not important. You must remember that you do not answer to him, but to God. All other things will follow.”
	I looked up from my heavy history book and found myself caught in a dumbfounded stare. These words seemed so unnatural for a nun of the Magistrate’s Holy Church to be saying! Yet, I had always known that Sister Marie-Katherine had something that went deeper than that beneath it all. 
	“What are you trying to say?” I begged, though deep down I knew the answer. The Sister shot me a look, trying to form an answer. She opened her mouth to give me a plain answer, but soon she caught a glimpse of the pearls I was wearing around my neck. She let out a slight smile. 
	“I see the pearls around your neck. You wear them every day, do you not?” She began, eyeing me. Without thinking, I clutched the pearls protectively and nodded. “I see that they must be very precious to you. Jesus spoke of pearls, did you know that?”
	“I think so,” I murmured in reply. What could she be getting at?
	“Jesus said not to cast our pearls to the swine.” At her words, I gave her an uncertain nod. I’d heard this before, but only somewhat. Still, I didn’t know what this parable had to do with my situation. “He was telling us not to give our treasures in life to those who will not care for them. Now let me tell you something important,” she leaned in extremely close to me and whispered. “You are considered a treasure to the Father. Through all of your sufferings, I can see his face in yours. Even if you cannot, I can. And since you are a pearl to the Father, he will not allow you to be cast to the pigs. No matter what happens the Father is greater and will protect you.” She paused for a moment. “You are much more greatly loved than you know.”
	She retracted from me, and in that second my heart knew what she was talking about. I still wondered about many things, but I knew that whatever curious experiences I was having were trying to tell me something. This surely had to be one of them, as earthly and human as it presently was. All I could do now was whisper to her in return.
	“Is it true?” I meekly asked. “Is it true that there are things that we know in our hearts that the Magistrate wants us to forget?”
	Sister Marie-Katherine shot me a piercing stare and quickly ran to the door of the study, slamming it shut. She made the sign of the cross, perhaps not only because of her prayerful nature but also to let anyone looking in on us at that moment believe that we were closing ourselves off for a time of meditation and prayer. After that, she swiftly pulled the curtains over the windows closed and pulled the cord hanging from the wall so that she could clasp the blinds shut. 
	“I am telling you this because I care for you. I can see that you are set apart by the Father. What I am about to say may not leave this room. You mustn’t repeat it. It mustn’t be heard by another living soul.” She quietly told me. I couldn’t help but remember a similar scene that had taken place in this very room many months ago. The Sister continued speaking.
	“I love the Father more than I will ever care for the Magistrate. The Church is under the Magistrate’s control, and there are very few of us that will ever agree with that. We have been under his thumb for many years, yet the Lord has still preserved us. The reason for that is simple – because the Lord doesn’t abide by the rule of man. He will preserve his word through those who have given him their hearts. As long as we have been under his rule…he has tried to change us. In some respects, he has succeeded. But, the Father will not let him win.” She paused for a moment. “So…the answer to your question is yes.”
	 I sat back in my seat, realizing this dire truth that I knew was going to become a heavy burden in these next few days. The Sister opened the blinds again and pushed open the door, and we said nothing more of it. Her words filled me with a reassurance, but it wasn’t so much a peaceful reassurance as it was a realization of the seriousness of this all. Now I knew that the Father was on my side, yet I was still uneasy. We moved on, and before I knew it there was only two days left until my meeting.
	Emily came into my room unexpectedly that night. Her face read absolute panic. This time, her newfound hard look had disappeared. It had made way for one of tender but frighteningly pale concern. I knew the moment she came that this was not something of anger, but of urgent necessity. She shouted at the top of her lungs: “ELISSA!” 
	“What is it?” I exclaimed.
	“You must come quickly. In just these last few minutes your grandmum has fallen terribly ill…she’s shakin’ in bed, seizing all over the place. The entire quarter is trying to keep her stable and the clergy that were visiting today are praying over her as we speak. You must come see her now!”
	It was so shockingly sudden that I thought I was going to throw up as I ran behind her. Grandmamma had been growing feeble – but in the last few weeks she had remained so strong in spirit that I assumed she’d be alright. Now, I couldn’t be sure. I ran with Emily at top speed, but every step seemed to be too slow. I wished I could teleport myself into the room so that I could be at my grandmother’s side. 
	If this was the last – I couldn’t miss it. Not for the Magistrate. Not for Winston. Not even for myself. She loved me profoundly, and I loved her. If I was too late, I had already made up my mind that I’d probably not be able to forgive myself. We stopped at her bedroom door, and to my slight comfort the entire scene was extremely quiet. There wasn’t a hint of turmoil or weeping, so I thought that must have been a sign that she was still in there. 
	“Be very calm,” Emily instructed me as we stood before her door. “If she’s still…” Emily searched her mind for the right word, “present; you can’t startle her. It might be the end of her.”
	We both exchanged nods of understanding and cracked open the door to find a large group of people, servants and family members as well as Sister Marie-Katherine and a few clergy from the Church; gathered around Grandmamma’s bedside. I looked at the place where she was laying and had to bite down on my lip to keep from screaming. Her eyes were closed, but her chest was rising and falling. It wasn’t to my avail, for I could see a pale deterioration encompassing her whole body that I had failed to recognize before. My teeth wouldn’t ease, and soon I tasted the blood of my nervous habit. 
	“Celeste,” Sister Marie-Katherine quietly uttered. She picked up a tissue and came toward me. “Your lip is bloodied. You mustn’t do that right now. When your grandmum wakes, the sight of blood could frighten her.” 
	The nun took the tissue and gently dabbed it over my lip to soak up the blood, and I didn’t know whether I was about to begin laughing or crying. The whole room murmured in shock. I remained silent and tuned my ears to a conversation going on beside me. At first I heard a few words that intrigued me, and when I listened once more I could hear the concerned muttering of Aunt Beeti.
	“If she passes now, what will happen to the inheritance?” She whispered to one of the clergy. 
	“I am not entirely sure how that should work,” the clergy replied. “But I assume that it will naturally go to the next in line. That is how it always has been.”
	For a moment I held my breath and turned my head in the other direction. I felt a sense that this conversation was going somewhere that I had thought about but wasn’t quite ready to handle, and I was sure Beeti shared those feelings as well. Aware that I still might be listening, she became more hushed as the conversation continued on.
	“But what if…the next person in line hasn’t been decided?” She asked again, attempting to keep her concerns hushed despite the fact that they were as intense as ever before.
	“Then whatever would legally be keeping it from being set in stone would be undone. Families in the Imperial Realm must have an heir. Money and power can never float freely. The Magistrate would never allow for that,” the clergy quickly replied. “What about the girl? She’s the daughter of your eldest, is she not? Isn’t she next in line?”
	“Not yet.”
	“But she is 17!”
	“She’s…a special case,” Beeti stammered. “You do not know of it? I thought it was widely known that she was taken here under special conditions.”
	“No, I’m afraid I don’t keep up with much worldly gossip. But, I can tell you that if she is here under special circumstances that would mean that your situation would be quite unresolved if Lady Abilene should pass away very soon. In that case, the child’s acceptance of her position would come into effect immediately regardless of her situation.”
	Beeti fell silent, muttering something quite dark and dastardly. I purposefully tuned my ears away from their conversation, feeling a chill crawl up and down my spine. A small pang shot through my bones at the thought. In those few moments, Grandmamma began to open her eyes and I quickly came to her side. I clasped her hand in mine. It was still warm, and her chest was still rising and falling with each involuntary breath. She weakly turned her head a few degrees so that she could meet eyes with me and it immediately filled me with sorrow. 
	Her eyes spoke confusion and a growing dissociation with the world around her. From behind her hollow face and trembling hands, her soul was beginning to ready itself for departure. She was ready to drift from us, but she wasn’t going yet. She would lie in that bed sleeping through the next day, seldom waking up and always terrifying us to the point that we took turns sitting at her bedside to make sure that she continued breathing. That night I slept at her side, completely forgetting about everything else in the world but my love for her.
	Now it was the eve of my meeting with the Magistrate, but I couldn’t reverse what was happening. It didn’t seem to matter much compared to the life of my sacred, life-giving grandmother. Yet, I still felt the weight of the world on my shoulders the entire day. Now I had everything on the entire earth to worry about, it seemed. Grandmamma was dying, and with her death would come the loss of all the great secrets and knowledge which she had used to protect me for so many years with her undying, profound love.
	 It was also bring another, dreaded choice. When she died, the Devereaux clan would be left with not only a loss of their matriarch – but with the absence of an heir. My choice would be rushed, and they all knew that if I chose the fortune right now their entire world would change. But, no one could be as concerned about all of this as Beeti. This was something that had caused Beeti to resent me from the very beginning.
	 It was what she had feared all along – for I was the only thing standing between her and her daughter becoming the heirs. 
	It was something that caused Beeti so much grief that she was willing to go to any length to find a way to keep me from it. She felt that it was hers, and so did her daughter. They had never said so – but that was the true reason for what Stella had done to me. Even though Beeti’s entire being had been focused on running me off, her conscience still caused her to regret having seen me so beaten. Her intuition also told her to remain quiet, for the Magistrate would soon be watching us all. But now, her greed would overtake her. I was more than a petty threat to them now…much more. I was considered an enemy. 
	On the eve of my great task, Beeti would be struggling to find a means to stop me. She would be driven to her wits end to find something – anything she could use against me. So, she would creep up the hallway while she believed that I was fast asleep at Grandmamma’s side. She unlocked the door to my room and flickered on the gas lights.
	“Now…what on earth could she be hiding…” she muttered out loud in an insane jumble. “She must be hiding something…I know it! Now, where could that little ruffian be hiding her secrets?”
	She tiptoed across the carpet and ran her hands over the crisp linens on top of my bed. When she couldn’t find anything of note there, she moved her feet from the rug onto the hardwood floor and begun to beat her hand down on my pillow to see if anything was inside. She took the ones in the front closest to her and dismantled them first, digging her hand into the pillowcase for a few seconds before something caught her eye that was sticking out of a pillow on the other side. A smirk rolled across her face as she slid her hand underneath the pillow and placed her hand on top of the object’s hard, green cover. 
	“Primitive Folklore,” she read aloud as she took the book into her arms. It immediately fell open to the chapter I had last read, the corner folded down as a means to mark the exact page. “This is absolutely perfect! She’s been hiding this book as if she must keep something a secret, hasn’t she? Perhaps I can give the royal guard good reason to try her for witchcraft!”
	Her envious gloating was brought to a hasty end. I had been so nervous lying next to my grandmother and awaiting my trial the next day that I had decided to get up and stretch my legs. Now it was time to attempt to get some sleep back in my room, much to Beeti’s surprise. I turned the corner and hasted my walk when I saw that my door was wide open. When I poked my head around the corner, Beeti quickly thrust the book behind her back.
	“…Aunt Beeti?” I recollected in surprise when I saw her suspiciously standing in the center of my room. I think that she actually snared at me. “What are you doing here? And why are my pillows on the floor?”
	“Oh…yes…” she spluttered. “I was in here...helping Emily! She said that she found a rather large rat. I wouldn’t have helped her otherwise, but the poor girl was terrified. We looked for it, but it turns out that what she saw was simply a shadow. She left right before you came in, and I was just about to go myself.”
	“Oh…alright,” I uncomfortably told her. Beeti kept the book out of sight and left the room in a flash. She nearly ran to her quarters and locked herself in her bedroom with the article that she had found to spite me with. It wasn’t much, truthfully – but Beeti knew that right now she could probably use anything to get me disinherited. Accusing me of being a witch seemed to be a perfectly fitting method of this at the time. It didn’t matter what it took, either; even if ridding me from her life meant using witchcraft herself. 
	She would do anything – even if it meant putting my life in jeopardy in the process.




22 | Alone with the Devil



	When I awoke, the house was silent. People still moved about doing daily tasks because they knew they had to, but they did so voicelessly. The night had been nearly sleepless for me, a nightmare waking me up every few hours with sweat covering my forehead and occasional tears in my eyes.
	 I woke up on my own and sat up in bed before the very first servant in the household could be heard in the hallway. The anxiety gnawed at my bones. There was no way to escape this now.
	“Get up,” was the only thing that Emily told me when she walked into my room that morning. Now she was numb too.
	When I stood up Emily whisked me away to the bathhouse. When I arrived, I saw that Wren was already up and solemnly waiting for me. She grasped one of my appendages, then the other. She pulled them in close to her face to examine them for any unseemly marks. She found a stray mark from a pen beside my wrist and gave me an odd look before calling in the bath attendants to begin scrubbing.
	“It’s the law that you must be unblemished to come before the Magistrate.” Wren informed me. It’s not like I hadn’t heard it 1,000 times before.
	 The attendants scrubbed me until they knew my skin couldn’t take it any longer. They washed my face over and over again until the very last speck of dirt had been extinguished, then harshly pulled a brush through my long curls before tightly binding it up into a bun. A long, droopy black dress was then pulled over my head and draped over my body. It was a far cry from what any woman in this region would wear, but if there was one thing considered immodest about me today the approval that we needed was never going to come. 
	“You’re ready,” Wren told me after topping my head with a plain black bonnet. My heart was thumping even harder now, and I felt my eyes begin to burn as if I was about to cry. But, I drove the tears as far backwards as I could.
	I walked behind Wren toward the door of the manor, and servants seemed to be frozen in place; lining our path the entire way. They curtsied and bowed as I passed, giving me tribute as if I was a queen going off to war. My heart pounded even harder now. It felt like anything could give me a heart attack right now, even the sound of the gravel as I walked out onto the drive. I came to the door of the cart shaking. 
	“You alright?” Jackoby quietly asked me. 
	I nodded, but we both knew it was a lie. Everyone was depending on me now, so I had to be strong. I sat down in my seat and looked back out the window at the respectful crowd that had gathered around the front door. Scanning their faces, I thought of the fact that they were all human beings. Regardless of caste, they had a life, a family, and friends. Their life here might have been hard, but it was their livelihood. Now their lives and my family’s lives rested on my shoulders.
	 If I couldn’t be strong for them, no one would.
	Archie cracked his whip, and the horses began moving. We pulled out of the drive and onto the open road, and I could hardly contain myself. I tried to block all of the fearful thoughts from my mind, but as hard as I tried I knew that I couldn’t. So, I began to pray. It calmed me down just enough to doze off. It felt like just a few seconds, but almost as soon as I had closed my eyes Wren patted my hand and nudged me awake.
	“We’re here,” Wren told me half-heartedly, trying to seem jubilant through her apparent distress. To Wren’s surprise, I calmly took her hand and gave it a squeeze for reassurance.
	“It’s okay,” I whispered as a guard waved us in. “I know what I have to do.”
	We pulled up to a home much like our own, but one with a door at least 20 times wider. A man in a dark blue tuxedo opened the carriage door and cordially helped us step out. Our feet on the ground, Wren and I respectfully curtsied. Even though he was a servant of a caste much lower, he had power over us here. Strange as it seems, it was true. If we offended anyone in this house, it could mean our heads.
	“Welcome to the Magistrate’s grand palace!” The man bellowed.
	I had to keep myself from even breathing the notion that his appearance was humorous. It was extremely difficult, I’ll tell you that. The man wore a ridiculous top-hat that was bedazzled with the Imperial Crest. In fact, every inch of the man seemed to have the crest on it somewhere! It was lining every part of him from the top of his hat to the ends of his shoelaces. 
	I was pretty positive that during the last uprising his family was full of loyalists.
	“Thanks be to the Great Magistrate for allowing us this opportunity to honor his reign!” Wren replied in a robotic tone. I was certain he could tell that her words were rehearsed, but he didn’t say anything about it. He only looked down at us and shot us a cold, prideful glare.
	“Come,” he instructed. “First you must tour the house, the Great One insists! Then you will be presented to him. I am Bernard Edwinson, Head Caretaker of the Magistrate’s household. I will be seeing you through today.”
	Without another word, Bernard turned from us and briskly walked into the house. Wren and I looked at each other a bit cluelessly for a few seconds before we realized that the introductions were well over and he expected us to follow him right now. When we caught up with him, we could hear that he was already giving us a complete oral history of the foyer. Luckily, he hadn’t realized that we had missed half of his lecture while we were standing outside.
	“…200 years ago, the Magistrate commissioned three brick layers and three stone masons of the 6th caste to come and help design the marble in the foyer.” He explained, clearly having given this same tour many times before. 
	For the first time since we had stood outside, he glanced behind at us. Bernard had been standing on a narrow, golden carpet while we stood next to each other on the marble. For some reason, it infuriated him. He pointed his finger at us, scolding.
	“No, no, no!” He exclaimed in a near shout, “Please, take your feet off the marble! Only the Magistrate may have his shoes touch it! You must stand single file on the rug! Oh, now we have to sterilize the floor again! Do you realize how much scrubbing it takes to make something spotless for the Magistrate?”
	Actually, I was well aware. But, I was also well aware that the Magistrate would not think well of me unless I continued saying absolutely nothing.
	“My apologies!” Wren quickly exclaimed as we jumped onto the rug. “It will not happen again, sir!”
	“It had better not, for if either of you steps out of line today –” the flamboyantly dressed man began ranting; but before he could finish he was quickly cut off. A dark figure stepped into sight at the top of the stairs and hushed him, and at his word the man fell inexplicably silent. 
	“Bernard – is that any way to treat our guests?” A familiar voice suddenly called from the top of the grand staircase. That voice – I recognized it. I’d heard it many times before! The dark figure crept down the stairs, and my I almost fell back in shock when he came into clear view. The moment I heard it I thought I could pinpoint the voice to someone I knew – but at first I denied it. It absolutely couldn’t be! But…it was.
	It was Winston.
	The moment I recognized him I think he must have seen my expression, because he immediately put a finger to his lips. For a minute I had to hold my breath. How could he have been here? Just because he was a duke didn’t mean that he had a free pass to stay at the grand palace. In any case, his presence was enough to make Bernard fall silent.
	“The Magistrate would never approve of the mistreatment of people who have come great distances to see him. You must be more lenient about these things, Bernard.” Winston authoritatively informed him, half scolding the man himself. He came down into the foyer and stood at my side. “I will give them the grand tour. Go on your way.”
	Bernard gave Winston a cursory nod and left the room. As soon as he did, I whispered into his ear: “What are you doing here?”
	“My father was invited long ago,” he whispered in return. “Your scheduling isn’t a coincidence.”
	When he said the words, I didn’t know if I felt anger, happiness, or just utter shock. Either he had something he was going to attempt to pull at this very inconvenient time; or he was stupid enough to think that he could outwit the king. Either idea seemed plausible. And now that Winston was actually here – whether he thought he was helping me or not – I had added pressure. Being around Winston always made me a tad bit stressed. 
	“Since when do you get a free pass to come here?” I mutedly argued with him. 
	“Since I’m the Duke of the Northern Coast! Celeste, the Magistrate is my uncle,” he whispered in return. I momentarily paused, not having really pieced together his title with his lineage until now. Still, I wasn’t satisfied. I was under too much stress to be anywhere near content.
	“Why exactly did you do this?” I whispered back to him through the corner of my mouth. He ushered me across the carpet and into a long hallway before giving me his answer.
	“I have always vouched for your family,” he responded, almost annoyed. “If he knows that you’re a friend of mine he might be a bit easier to please.”
	He gave me a stern glare, acting as if I was doing something evil by distrusting him. It didn’t seem like him being here would help me very much – in fact, it actually seemed more like a danger. Though, Winston obviously believed he had everything planned out. Under endless surveillance, I decided that it would be best to hold my tongue from here. The last thing I needed was a security camera catching me spluttering some kind of insult to the Magistrate’s nephew!
	Winston showed us around the palace for what felt like an hour before the Magistrate sent any word of when or how he wanted to see me. The place was so vast that we probably would have gotten lost and missed the appointment if there was a set time for it. 
	“This is his art room,” Winston explained as he ushered me into another vast corridor. 
	Massive paintings hung from almost every wall, all of them depicting the magistrates who had ruled over our country and their families. I read the inscriptions underneath a few of the pictures, all of which over-glorifying praises to the Magistrate’s family name. Some pictures were shockingly ghoulish, even sadistic as they depicted mountains of slain rebels during the Great War. When I first saw it, I hadn’t expected to be faced with such a shocking depiction. I had turned my head just a few inches and spotted one, a picture of a general with a gun pointed at the head of the last rebel standing in a family execution.
	“Oh my –” I muttered, beginning to feel a sickness in the pit of my stomach.
	“Oh…” Winston darkly muttered when he turned to see what had startled me so. He stepped in close to me and protectively turned me away from the gruesome picture. “That’s a painting of one of the executions after the Great War…it’s nothing anyone is fond over.”
	Winston’s words struck me as avoidant over anything else. That was always how the wealthy approached the dark parts of history in our world. It never touched them, so they felt it best to pretend it never happened. Being from the background that I was, looking at the pictures had an obviously different effect on me. In the detail of every gruesome face, I didn’t see a rebel. I saw the bloody image of myself. A sickening feeling overcame me. Not much later, I jumped back in shock at the feeling of someone grabbing my arm.
	“The Magistrate has summoned you!” An intimidating guard declared.
	I wanted to escape at that moment, to get out of here as fast as I could. But, there was no time. The man and a few others immediately rushed me into the hall. The man took me down the spiraling hallways for what felt like at least a mile, Wren and Winston following as closely behind as they could while the man yanked me forth in a rush. When we came before a set of heavy wooden doors the man forced me to come to an abrupt stop.
	“He’s in there.” The man motioned toward the door as if to say I needed to push it open. My mind was in a frantic rush, so I put my arms forth and nearly did – but he quickly pulled me back and stopped me. “Not yet! You must wait to be called in and introduced!”
	When he halted me I was already trembling again. I tilted my head to see both Wren and Winston standing behind me completely holding their breath. The burly man ushered me to take a seat beside the door, having to sit me down himself because I was presently as blank and motionless as a doll. My mind went completely blank, and the entire room could tell. 
	“Celeste, darling,” Wren anxiously attempted to reassure me. “Please calm down.” 
	Though, it didn’t do much good. I didn’t have time to answer, because in that moment the door swung open. The doorman motioned for me to enter. It was clear that if I wasn’t ready now, it didn’t matter anymore. The Magistrate was sitting less than 100 feet from me.  
	“You may enter,” the muscular doorman told me in a deep, authoritative voice. I meekly but obediently entered the room, my aunt and Winston following carefully behind me. “Announcing the arrival of Celeste Devereaux, ward of the 3rd caste!”
	In unison with his words, the heavy door swung shut. In that small time frame, my instincts kicked in and I miraculously remembered to display all that I had been taught. The room was silent and so was I. 
	My head remained bowed, hanging low in respect. At the same time, my back remained straight and poised. Every step was a not a step, but instead a shuffle. The entire time, I didn’t dare look up. Only by the looking at the pattern on the carpet could I tell when I was to stop in place. Soon I saw the outline of my ruler’s feet, and I did as I knew was custom and knelt before the throne. 
	Although I was carrying out these acts as flawlessly as a well-rehearsed play – my soul was screaming. It could sense something dark and evil about this room. My spirit could feel it and it wanted to flee. Before it could, the man spoke up.
	“Celeste Devereaux,” he began. “State your business with my court.”
	“Your Highness, I come to you as a messenger from my family to ask your continued blessings on our estate,” I cordially expressed, word-for-word as I had been rehearsing. I kept my head low as I had been told to do. Every part of me was expecting that he would soon give me some message of approval, yet instead he remained silent to allow my heart a few moments of fear before speaking again.
	“And your family has refined you for presentation in order to please me?” He quizzed. That was when I began to choke from within. “Miss Devereaux, I know a great deal of your family. Where is your grandmother, the matriarch?”
	For a few seconds I forgot how to breathe. The Magistrate was speaking to me, and I could sense no amount of goodness or kindness in his tone. I had to close my eyes and force out my words.
	“She is ill, O Respectable Magistrate,” I spoke up softly, making sure to say my words in the court dialect. “The Lady Abilene Devereaux is presently confined to the bed.”
	“I see,” the Magistrate replied, sounding completely unsurprised. 
	He then gave the command for Wren and Winston to stand up, but ordered that I remain kneeling. Still looking at the bottoms of his feet, I could see the man rise from his throne and move toward me. Before I could even recollect what was going on, he came and stood in front of me.
	“You may raise your head.”
	Even though I could hardly find the strength, I did it. When I looked up I saw a man that looked far more human than the one I’d plastered in the pictures that hung all over the country. The man in the pictures I’d always seen looked 20 years younger than this one. I eased back just a little bit, temporarily fooled by his docile appearance into thinking that he wasn’t capable of hurting me. Within a few seconds, the man stood up from his throne and walked toward me to give a full examination.
	“You are unblemished from what I can see,” he arrogantly remarked. “And you appear to have been well-refined…” He trailed off for a moment. “Winston Everen, she is a friend or yours, yes?”
	He said it without revealing much, and I could sense that meant that he was hiding something. I knew that the Magistrate wasn’t really concerned about whether or not I was Winston’s friend. He didn’t care about the months I’d spent in preparation for this, nor did he care about the request for approval that had come with me. No, he didn’t care one bit! He was only trying to cover the fact that he knew something about me that went deeper. It was something deep and dangerous, and he intended to reveal his knowledge of it only to me.
	“Yes, O Great Magistrate.” Winston respectfully replied. 
	The man suddenly took his hand and grabbed my face. He acted as if he was giving me some medical examination, tilting my head this way and that way and apparently getting a look of what he obviously already knew was a human face.
	“You’ve done well,” was the next and only thing he said before dismissing them. “You may go.”
	We all rose in place, falling back in relief over the fact that the Magistrate hadn’t made anyone here into a disgrace. Wren and Winston respectfully bowed and turned around as the doorman opened the entryway for them. I began to shift my knees so that I might stand up, but before I could the Magistrate stopped me. 
	“You may not leave yet,” he suddenly spoke up. “Winston Everen and Wren Devereaux, you may go. But the girl must stay here with me for a while longer. I wish to speak to her alone.”
	I dared to look over for a second – just a second – so that I could see what Wren and Winston were doing. Their faces read absolute bewilderment. Then – as if by instinct – every servant in the room abruptly left the area in an animal-like herd with them. After they were gone, the doorman secured the pathway so that we were both alone.
	The next thing I knew, the ruler snapped.
	As if he were truly possessed, his personality shifted from regal to terrifying. The man took his hands and violently forced my face toward him. Now that they were gone, he could be all that he truly was. He could have shown them all, but he waited. The Curse thought that revealing himself this way would be much greater fun.
	“I know more of you than you believe,” he snared. “Elissa McClellan!”
	He thrashed my neck so violently that it might have broken if the blow had been any harder. He came in closer to me, piercing me with a hateful glare before throwing me onto the ground. I was left without words now, my mind unable to fathom what was going on or why it was happening.
	“W-what?” I stammered.
	“Silence! You foolish girl – I am your king! Don’t speak out of turn!” 
	He began pacing now, his personality clearly having changed to that of someone else. He continued to glare at me while I sat with my head nearly prostrate on the ground. I tried to pick myself up, and the moment I turned my head upward I could witness the hatred leeching out of his eyes.
	“Why should you be so surprised?” The Magistrate sneered, asserting himself as if he needed to establish power over me. “I am the Magistrate!  Do you think I am that stupid? I know all things. I know who you are, Elissa. You are a 10th caste. You are a child of mixed lineage – a child of rebellious parents! You’ve attempted to change the way our world works. I don’t like change.”
	 He lurched toward me as if about to kick. I closed my eyes in anticipation for physical pain, but none came. Instead, the ruler laughed. Then, he patronizingly inched in toward my face. Now it was clear to me that this man had a screw loose. Everything about him screamed that he was mentally unwell, giving me no comfort over the fact that I also knew he had the power to kill me. The ruler’s eyes met mine in a sickening stare.
	“You rebelled against the laws that I’ve made to protect you, Elissa. I gave you the choice, but you wouldn’t decide. You violated my law, but you’re not casteless. Why is that? Give me a good reason.”
	I knew it was rhetorical, but I felt a sudden anger begin bubbling up from within that caused me to give him an answer. His words were intended to belittle me and to destroy me, but they only caused me to seethe. I felt a surge of bravery travel through me. It caused me to open my mouth and say something I knew I’d regret:
	“Because I am not yours.”
	“What did you just say?” The Magistrate suddenly posed. He pried for an answer, but the only thing he got in response was a glare. For a few moments he waited impatiently, but I wouldn’t budge. Then he snapped once again. “Tell me what you just said!”
	This time I stood up, feeling even bolder. I said it one more time: 
“I’m not yours.”
	“That’s what I thought you said,” he angrily murmured. He came back and kicked me to the ground again. “Be stubborn, Elissa. It will only hurt the ones that you love most! I have power over everyone, and you aren’t excluded.”
	“You have no power over me,” I told him again, undefeated. Only God did.
	“You are nothing, Elissa McClellan. You were born a 10, and you were born to law breakers.” There was a momentary pause. He paced again, his only feelings those of authority and spite. “…You know we are not fond of Jezebels in this court. Your mother was a traitor! She ran off with someone poisonous and accepted the consequences. She was a Jezebel – just as you are! Dignified as you may seem, in my eyes you are no better than a prostitute. ”
	“That’s not true!” 
	“Oh, be quiet!” The man interjected. “You naïve little thing! I’ve killed hundreds like you. Their families went with them. You’re a small thing,” he seized my arm and yanked me upwards to demonstrate my lack of physical prowess. “It wouldn’t take much to kill you – but I won’t. You’re far too important a piece in my game to do that. At least…not yet. You see, I didn’t call you here to give you my approval. You will do all that I say, suffer all that I command you suffer!”
	“That’s the only reason why you brought me here?” I boiled. “To tell me that I am powerless against you?”
	“Everyone needs to be reminded of my power,” he snarled again. “I also wanted to inform you of something very important. I am aware that your grandmother is ill. The old pass, and when they do a young one must take their place. She will pass soon – but you will not take her place. Instead, Beeti will.”
	“Beeti?” 
 	“Yes, Beeti will inherit the Devereaux Estate. Beeti is deserving– she’s always been the one I intended to allow the family title to fall on. She is a loyal, well regarded citizen of mine.” He smirked. “I think you’ll find that I mingle with her more often than you know.”
	A chill went through me. I knew what this meant. Beeti was his eyes and ears. That was how he was going to continue watching me. I thought back to last night, snooping through my belongings. It caused my skin to go pale. 
	“Though, this is a much larger matter than who-gets-what. You are not worthy of being an heir. When your grandmother dies, you will not take the fortune. And I don’t care who is next in line, even if Beeti is stricken dead you will not be allowed to take it! You simply will not.”
	“Why is that?” I challenged again.
	“You simply won’t! Because I am the Magistrate!” He shouted. “I was going to give you grace, Elissa…I was going to send you back into your caste to live the rest of your life peacefully. I have seen your true colors, and I’m not inclined to leniency. I cannot tell you much…but I can tell you this: if you breathe a single word of this, I will kill everyone that you have ever loved. Every friend, every family member – whether young or old. You will die too…but your death will come last. Speak of this once, and I will execute them at your feet.”
	I was overcome with the most sickening feeling. Even if he had no power over me – he could unleash hell on my loved ones. My skin went cold and dead. My expression hardened. That was when his eyes finally met mine.
	“Will you do as I say now?”
	I nodded.
	“Good girl.” The man sat back, his personality shifting into an unusual and inhuman calm. “Now go out to your family. Tell them nothing of this, and be wary of your actions. I will be watching you every moment.”
	Just like that he waved me off. I walked out of the room in cold shock, not realizing that his tirade had left a welt on the side of my face. Wren and Winston were standing on the other side, clearly unaware of the altercation. Wren looked up at me, her face overwhelmed with concern.
	“How was it?” She hurriedly asked me. 
	“Excellent,” I lied, choking. Wren caught a glimpse of the red marks on my face and winced. 
	“What happened to your face, dear?”
	My lower lip quivered. A guard hovered overhead, ready to tell the Magistrate about my slightest whispers. I couldn’t understand it – why must I have been so hated? I wouldn’t dare think of it now. This was not about me anymore. There were others to protect.
	“I walked into a banister and fell. That’s all.” 
	No one believed it, but no one questioned it. The party jovially shook it off, faking their way back into security.
	“I suppose you were just awestruck!” She artificially laughed. “Let us head home and celebrate.”
	The concern was unspoken but unanimous. Winston escorted us out as quickly as he could. We were ushered back into the carriage without any kind of farewell. Even when we had pulled out of the drive and away from the palace gates, I didn’t feel safe. Nothing I said or did could save them now. It would only impale them further.
	Meanwhile, the Magistrate insecurely gloated from his throne. Truthfully, the man had been overcome by something much more sinister than simple pride. His mind was sick, his soul unwell. I didn’t know this, but after I left – he began ranting in an empty room. He argued with himself in mad bellows.
	“You fought me, Julius,” a deep voice boomed from the mouth of the Magistrate, clearly not his own. “You were prideful, haughty!  You let her go! Why must you let her escape me so easily?” 
	The Magistrate continued an insane murmur in his empty throne room. Though – the voice still wasn’t his. It was something else…something within him that knew something about me that no human could. It was something that caused it fear and hatred. And now, the Curse communicated this audibly to his human puppet. Back and forth, they argued with each other. But, the Curse was the one in command. 
	“But, I will soon have her. I did as you instructed – now we will have her in good time,” the Magistrate pleaded in reply.
	“No! You have disobeyed me, human. I am the giver of your power. If you would have only given me complete control, I would have been able to take her right away. But now, you must wait. The time was right then, but now it will not be right again for quite some time.”
	“Why are you so consumed with her?” The Magistrate exclaimed at the top of his lungs when he heard it. 
	“Julius, I can see what you humans cannot. It is your duty to obey me!” It asserted in reply. 
	“But what has she done?” The Magistrate again begged, but before he could argue any further a great pain struck through him. This time he was speaking for himself, expressing feelings of objection and doubt. But, this darkness would allow this slave no control. 
	“Silence!” It commanded. “If you disobey me…she will bring us both death! She is not as frail as she may look to your human eyes. I can see with eyes unseen that she will be the end of our reign forever.”
	“What will she do to us?” The Magistrate answered, his defenses becoming numb after the pain dissipated. His will eased back, and the will of the other in turn quickly came forward and began to consume him.
	“She will destroy me; the one who has given you power and protection! She will destroy the two bridges; first the one that keeps the people here separate, then the one that keeps the Other World from this one.”
	“Should that not cause your power to be greater?” The Magistrate dazedly answered, his skin pale and his eyes glazed and hazy. “If our worlds are no longer separate, we might rule them both.”
	“No, you fool! My foothold is here and it is there. If the two worlds become one, I will be reduced to one also. When the people gain knowledge of each other, we will surely be vanquished! And if their people become one with the others, there will be too many to stop! I must be kept here in you, and my other presence must be kept there in him. It is the only way.”
	“Then what must I do, Great Power?” He proceeded to ask, falling into a hypnotic trance as the Curse began consume him yet again.
	“Do not allow her power. Extinguish any chance she has at gaining a foothold.”
	“I have already done that, Master.” The man replied, suddenly regaining a part of his consciousness. “I have told her not to take the fortune! I have exercised my might against her.”
	“No, fool. That is not enough!” The darkness growled. “You can only make her fear you for a little while. She has stronger allies on her side than we understand. They will convince her that she can stand up to us, and then we will be left without defense. As long as she is alive, she could realize her power. As long as she is alive, she is a threat to us both.”
	“Then what must I do?”
	“You must kill her!”
	“When, oh Master – when shall I kill her?”
	“You shall not kill her yet. We must not reveal ourselves to them while the grandmother is still alive. She has the girl’s same power – only she has realized it! You must not go near her! No. This is what you must do: watch her closely. When the wise woman dies, take the girl. Do not wait – if she still lives, kill her while you can. I have already summoned the forces needed to begin destroying her from the Other World. They may take her before you need even lift a finger! Only do as I say, and you will not fail me.”
	“I will not fail you, Master. I will do more than succeed. I hope that I will also please you!” The Magistrate sinisterly responded in reply. “I intend to make things difficult for her. I will take her and do as you say. Summon who you must summon in order to carry out your plan. When the time comes to kill her, she will already wish that she was dead.”




23 | Rescued



	When I got home that day, no one in the entire house said a word to me for hours. It’s best that they didn’t, because had it not been for the fact that I knew I had to watch where I was stepping it would have been obvious that I was completely shell shocked. The moment that I walked through the door, they could all sense that something unspeakably bad must have happened to me. It caused a wave of distress to silently resonate across the entire household.
	“…I don’t know what happened,” I could faintly hear Wren whispering to Grandmamma in the other room that evening. “After he asked to see her alone, they took us away from the door so that we couldn’t hear anything that was going on.”
	 “She has done all that she could do. And you, my dear – have done all that you could. What’s done is done. All we can do now is pray.”
	The door was cracked open just the slightest bit for her to see me standing there in the corner of her eye. She beckoned for me to come in and sit at her bedside, and I shuddered. Grandmamma questioned me about today, asking me this and that even though she was clearly aware that I was too apprehensive to say a word. Her feeble hands trembling, she gently used her fingers to comb back the loose strands of hair that had fallen into my face. But, I pulled away. I was better off dead than here. As long as I was alive, I would be forced to remember that at any moment the Magistrate could rip her life away. 
	“Dearest, please don’t be afraid,” Grandmamma whispered. “No matter what has happened – you have made me proud. You’re stronger than this.”
	No I wasn’t – and Grandmamma didn’t know what she was talking about. I was hated for reasons I simply couldn’t fathom, and no amount of courage or bravery could save them. She urged me to calm myself and have something to eat, but there was nothing I could stomach right now. So, I excused myself from dinner that night and took a walk in the garden.
	I took in a breath of the fresh air. The beauty of nature was only a small bandage to me at this moment; a small, useless bandage over a mortal wound. What had I done to deserve this? 
	I escaped the courtyard into the maze, as I always did. This time the entire atmosphere felt void. I wanted to think that I’d find Rhys here – but the rational part of me completely condemned the thought. Right now any such hope seemed bleak and useless. 
	I wandered through the silent nighttime gardens, every leaf on the trees that hadn’t fallen to the ground lit by moonbeams that gave them each a silvery glow. The remnants of their shedding existed all over the ground; my feet crackling over each of the dead leaves as if they were the instruments in a symphony being conducted from below. I bent down and picked one up and held it in my hand, holding it up to the moon. I felt a wave of irrational guilt sweep over me when I saw that I had caused part of the leaf to chip off when I stumbled over it.
	“Oh no, I’m sorry!” I confusedly uttered, not realizing the fact that I was talking to a leaf. 
	Now I must have honestly been going out of my mind. Despite that, I noticed something about the object I held in my hand that I had never really thought of before. I had never stopped to think about how intricate it was – with all of its veins and spiraling patterns going across its dry, copper surface. It was dead, but seemed so very alive.
	 If something as simple as a leaf could be so detailed, what about a person? How could something much more intricate than even this precisely detailed leaf be so easily disposed of by another one of its own kind? I dropped the leaf, allowing it to gently float its way to the ground as I moved forward. 
	I wound my way through the maze and even was daring enough to move past the clearing. The distance I went no longer mattered – in fact, the farther away I wandered from this place the better off my family would be. I walked to the gate and unlatched it, carelessly wandering off of the path and into the uncharted wood. I ran my fingers over the surfaces of the leaves and traced the dim outlines of the tree bark. It gave me an odd, childlike sense of comfort over the entire situation. 
	In the next breath I stumbled back onto the part of the path that was lined with cherry blossom trees. Now they were barren, but their memories still stood. That one single memory of their glory last spring was one of the few memories I had treasured in my heart. When I thought of it, I could feel no sorrow or pain. It could only bring me comfort and joy.
	I closed my eyes and thought back to that moment, and when I opened my eyes again I was truly reliving the moment. The forest was light again, and the fragrant blossoms were raining down all around me. They collected on my shoulders and brushed the tip of my nose like snowflakes. For a moment I had forgotten about the fear I had been feeling, and I opened my eyes in lieu of the moment. 
	As I opened my eyes again, I saw that the world was dark.
	There was a sudden, strange rustling that I could hear in the bushes. Now my heart was like a child’s again. I felt the glimmer of hope come back, the untrustworthy instinct that anything going on around me was something that I could trust. After I heard the rustling once, I looked toward the place from which I thought I’d heard it echo. 
	“Rhys?” I instinctually called out, the hopefulness bursting forth from inside.
	I hadn’t really meant to ask if he was specifically there – and exactly why I pinpointed his name at that moment I don’t know. It just sort of slipped out. As soon as I uttered a word, whatever was there seemed to freeze. The childlike trust within me suddenly faded. What if this was a hungry animal waiting to prey on me? Or perhaps it was someone sent by the Magistrate to make me his prey. I froze in place, careful not to make any sudden movements.
	“Hello?” I called out again, this time softly in case it was an animal that I didn’t want to alarm. “Is anyone there?”
	The bushes rustled again.
	“Please, show yourself,” I begged, now pleading it in a raspy, fearful whisper. 
	The bushes rustled one last time, and in the faint moonlight I could see a tall figure emerge through the bushes, eyes glowing.
	“Rhys?” I again recollected, positive from the glow that it must have been him. Then the figure stepped closer, features clarifying in the moonlight. The mouth located beneath his glowing eyes rolled into a large smirk.
	It wasn’t Rhys.
	“Hello, Princess.” It said to me sinisterly. 
	In that moment, I knew that my life was in immediate danger. When I darted, so did he. The dastardly man grabbed me by the wrists, and I opened my mouth to scream. He quickly muffled me. The one hand he had used to restrain me was big enough to wrap itself around both of my wrists and hold them there firmly. The other one remained pressed to my face, coldly and so big that it covered my nose enough to nearly suffocate me.	
“Stop squirming!” The man commanded, beginning to take my body and drag it across the forest floor. “You’re easier than I was told you’d be. All I had to do was dwell here, and on the very first day you came right to me!”
	The man began laughing as he toted me painfully across the forest floor. I still never gave up, pulling against him with all of my might. He was so much stronger than I was that it was totally useless. His grip was like iron – strong in a way that seemed practically inhuman.
	“You are in for a treat, you see,” the man began gloating again. “I’m bringing you to the one who has been seeking your soul for quite some time.”
	Tears poured down my cheeks now, and I realized that as much as I kicked and screamed there was nothing I could do now. I was at his mercy. What I feared he was about to do would undoubtedly be the most terrifying act I could fathom. Yet, even though I had realized that it was futile, I continued to fight. It wasn’t my nature to ever let myself die defenselessly. Strangely enough, he didn’t fight back this time. 
	“Stop it, I say!” The man angrily commanded. “I could easily overpower you!”
	Then why didn’t he? I continued kicking, but the man still didn’t fight back. Apparently it was important that I was in one piece, because if this one couldn’t break me, someone else was obviously meant to do it. He once again started dragging me back into the forest, but something caused him to stop. It was another strange rustling in the bushes, this time just an earshot away. 
	Within no more than two second – I kid you not – another tall figure literally flew out of the bushes and tacked my attacker to the ground. The sinister man’s grip no longer restraining me, I got up and began to back away in shock of what had just happened. For a few seconds I was frozen like a deer in the headlights. I stood in place, looking down in shock as my attacker remained defenselessly on the ground. I caught a glimpse of my rescuers face as he held the man down in an incredibly strong grip.
	It was Rhys.
	“Elissa, go!” Rhys shouted as he looked up at me, apparently laboring to hold the man down. “Run, and don’t look back!”
	After those few, aimless seconds of standing there I finally realized the urgency of the situation and began backing away in astonishment. My slow walking backwards quickly worked its way up to a full-fledged, terrified run as I realized the strength of the man that had pinned my captor to the ground to allow my escape. I turned from them and ran into the forest, but in the midst of this terrifying scene – something caused me to stop. Instead of heeding Rhys’s words, I heard a sound that caused me curiosity.
	 My head turned from him, he had assumed that I was going to obey him – so he had already begun to do it under the assumption that it was an act I’d never see. But, it was an act that I could clearly hear. It sounded as if the struggle had subsided, and a gush of air had been pushed forward. My hair wisped around my face and the back of my neck. I know it must have been air – I felt it.
	Dangerous as it may have been, I stopped where I was. I took to the nearest tree and hid. I closed my eyes and said a little prayer, then I made the sign of the cross with every ounce of piousness in my body. Then, I peered out from behind the tree and saw it. Now that I had, there was no way to go back.
	Rhys was no longer pinning my attacker with his hands. As soon as I had turned from him, he had released his grip on him. But, he hadn’t let him go. Now he was holding him back without his hands. He had the man held high in the air, apparently with pressure somehow constricting his neck and keeping my captor from moving – and Rhys wasn’t even touching him. There was no proper explanation but the supernatural.
	If I thought I was in trouble before, there was no telling of the trouble I’d be in now.




24 | Sealed With a Kiss



	In the intensity of the moment, my pulse was racing. This explained everything, I realized, yet at the same time it still explained nothing. I should have gone from where I was hiding at that very moment, but curiosity forced me to stay.
	“Luca, leave her out of this!” Rhys yelled at the man as he dangled in mid-air. “I’m the one he wants, am I not? What has she done to become part of this?”
	The man squirmed, his hands firmly locked around an invisible ring that seemed to be constricting his neck. He glared at Rhys and began spitting at him. He called him by a name…a name that I hadn’t heard him called by before.
	“Oh, but you are mistaken, Prince Aurelian! She has everything to do with this now! She’s seen you – and the darkness has seen her!” 
	When the dastardly man said it, my rescuers face flashed with anger and concern. Apparently it caused his invisible grip to tighten even more. 	
	“You dare associate her with the darkness?” He snarled. “Don’t say such things! Leave her alone, or I’ll –”
	“Or you’ll what?” The man interrupted, rasping underneath his grasp. “Kill me? Go right ahead. I dare you. I know you won’t do it – because if you do, you know what will happen. This darkness was always meant for you! Kill me and it will only find you sooner.”
	Suddenly, my valiant knight fell into a state of helplessness. He eased back, putting the man down. The words he said was true – he couldn’t do it. Not even if it meant my safety or anyone else’s. If he was to remain the way he was, he could never stop running. Luca looked in his direction and sinisterly smiled.
	“I knew you couldn’t do it. So did Faolan. You just don’t have it in you. Not even enough courage to defend the one you love!”
	“Leave, now.” My liberator growled. Luca still didn’t move.
	“You can’t keep on running forever, Aurelian. Fate has spoken. You’ve let your emotions run too deep. You’ve become too closely entwined with her now for Faolan to ever let her go.”
	“I said, leave!” He barked again, sounding clearly defeated. “Go back to your king. Tell him that if he wishes to take me, he must stop being a coward and take me himself. But, leave her out of it. Now go!”
	Now, my defender had been subjugated by his very words. Knowing that a fight would be useless, Luca disappeared. Rhys – Aurelian – or whoever he was; closed his eyes and let out a deep breath. His face was pale and stunned. Watching this all happen from a distance, I was clutching the splintering edge of the tree bark as my hands trembled. 
	“Elissa, come out. I know that you’re there.”
	Apparently I hadn’t been hiding so quietly after all.. I slowly stepped out from behind the tree, and the man who had just rescued me opened his eyes and turned toward me.
	“How could you have known?” I dazedly asked, expecting that he had known of my presence because of a supernatural intuition.
	“I could hear you moving back there from the very moment you stopped,” he coldly replied. “If you’re going to hide like that, you should work on your footing.”
	I stopped for a moment, sensing the torment that he felt in his soul. I could have run away at that moment, but I didn’t. I was compelled – compelled by a feeling I couldn’t quite explain – to stay.. 
	“Your name isn’t Rhys, is it?” I began.
	“No, it’s not.” 
	Our eyes met, and I found myself in a daze. What could he be? Could it have been possible that he was…more than human? I cautiously came up to him, the entire landscape shrouded in silence as I did so. I came within arm’s length and gently brushed my hand against his face. Oddly enough, he didn’t pull away. I traced the outline of it with my finger. It all seemed very human to me.
	“How much did you see?” He suddenly asked, clearly troubled that I was still here. I gave him a simple answer:
	“Enough.”
	The secret was out. It was understood that I had seen him, and now I knew the truth. Perhaps I didn’t know everything – but I knew that what I had seen and heard was evidence that the man standing before me was of a different form of human. He came from a world much different than I could have ever believed.
	“Who are you?” I gently asked, seeing the reflection of the moon in his eyes. At that moment, he pulled away from me and knelt down on the ground.
	“I am Prince Aurelian, firstborn heir to the throne of the Night Kingdom and all of the other worldly realms.” 
	He bowed his head as if he were before a queen himself. At the moment, I couldn’t fathom why he would be bowing to me. I knew that his words were true – too much had happened for me to dispute it. I gently grabbed his hand and urged him to stand.
	“I am sorry that I have brought you into this,” he lamented. “It would be best that now you go. We must not see each other anymore.”
	 The prince had been lowered to the point that he felt his danger to me had reduced him to dust. Now there was no going back, and he knew that no matter what happened now my life was in jeopardy because of it. I think that at that moment, even though my mind didn’t realize it; my soul did. Aurelian’s predicament was the same as mine. Instead of fearing him, now I was intrigued. Presently, there was no room in my curiosity for any fear. I refused to accept this rebuke.
	“No, Aurelian,” the name tingled as it came from my lips. “I have seen too much to go back!”
	He looked downward, doing all he could to avoid my eyes. The inevitable truth stood before him, but it was a truth that he couldn’t accept. It pained him beyond words.
	“It’s too dangerous. You must go and forget this moment.” 
	He urged me to go, but I stood my ground. Something in me gave me the courage to stay. Now I was entranced with him more than I ever had been before. He had saved my life – that was something that I could never forget. Instead of leaving, I only came in closer to him. As much as he had been resisting me, he still didn’t pull away.
	“You’ve just saved my life. No matter what anyone says or does, I refuse to forget.” I declared. “Now I owe you.”
	“Elissa, you owe me nothing. Especially not after all that’s been done to you,” Aurelian protested. But, I hushed him.
	A powerful wave of emotion swept over me. Overcome by it, I stood on the tops of my toes to reach him. He couldn’t fight it any longer – he swept me up and leaned in to me. Our noses delicately brushed against each other. Even though he knew inside that he shouldn’t have, he still didn’t back away. 
	If we had been trying to avoid this moment, we were only kidding ourselves.
	First it was just a peck, and then we both pulled each other in and together we exchanged the most beautiful, meaningful kiss. It was the most magical feeling I’d ever experienced up until that point. I’m not just making a sappy analogy here – it must have been true magic. Those few seconds felt as if they lasted an entire lifetime. The entire world around us seemed to stop, our connection almost seeming to cause a radiant glow to light then entire forest. 
	When it was over, at first neither of us said a word. We quietly and reluctantly parted from each other. Even though Aurelian knew that this was dangerous, he had let me kiss him anyway. Even though he had forced me out; in saying nothing it was as if he had welcomed me in. Soon the concoction of hormones began to quiet down and logic took over. The reality of the situation set in. We were clearly connected now in a deeper way than just the physical world – but we were still apt to deny it all we could.
	“You must go now,” he whispered. “I won’t let anything happen to you, I promise. But, you have to go home now. No one can see you here with me.”
	A bittersweet feeling overcame me as I wished with all that was in me that I could stay here with him forever. Of all the feelings I knew how to decipher, this wasn’t one of them – but I knew that being here with him simply felt right. I didn’t quite take into consideration anything that had happened today, nor did I think that these powers were ones far greater than I knew I was now dealing with. 
	“Alright,” I quietly nodded. “I will see you again.”
	We parted from each other in a daze, and somehow I found my way back onto the path without any problems. You might even have been able to say that the path cleared itself for me. 




25 | Entwined



	“No, Winston. You don’t understand. I can’t!” I exclaimed to him on the upstairs balcony four days later.
	Whenever someone asked, it was just assumed that I wouldn’t say anything about what happened. Ever since the day of the incident, a dark, shadowy cloud had been looming over my life and the lives of everyone in the Estate. My near kidnapping and the kiss that I had shared with Aurelian that night seemed far off now – feeling as if it were a distant dream. 
	Every day, the Magistrate’s oppression over our household intensified. Every day now he came on the radio to make a new announcement about his laws and new methods that they would be using to punish the perpetrators of witchcraft. The people in the house could only guess that their days may have been numbered, but they couldn’t know exactly why. But I knew that these new announcements had to be meant for me.
	“Celeste! Why must you be so stubborn?” Winston exclaimed in return. “Why can’t you tell me what my uncle has done to you? It’s no secret that something happened between the two of you when you were alone in that room!”
	Although he was understandably frustrated, he was ignorant. I couldn’t bear it any longer! I couldn’t be seen with him anymore – not just because I didn’t love him, but because I knew that it was my duty to keep him safe. I’d told him that I couldn’t be seen with him anymore, yet somehow he interpreted that as an invitation to come on to me stronger than ever before.
	“Winston, stop doubting me!” I screamed. “You know just as well as I do that your uncle is capable of doing many things. I can’t tell you what he did to me,” I paused, on the verge of crying. “I cannot put you in harm’s way.”
	“Celeste –” he began, but I quieted him.
	“Stop calling me by that name,” I demanded in tears. “It’s not my name! Don’t play stupid! He knows my name, and so do you.”
	He beckoned my name once again, but this time I couldn’t stand it anymore. Concealing who I was didn’t matter anymore. The Magistrate knew – and nothing could have been more detrimental than that. 
	“Alright, Elissa. I will admit the truth to you – I’ve known your name for a long while. But, it’s never mattered to me. Because I’m in love with you!”
	My heart dropped. I’d known he was infatuated with me this entire time, but I’d never wanted to think that he loved me. Especially not now! I looked into his eyes and saw him convey a depth to me that made my spirit understand that he wasn’t lying or saying the words with any type of superficial hinge. As much as I had always resented the idea of being with Winston, I still cared for him. I didn’t want to see him get hurt. Remembering the warning of the Magistrate, I realized that meant that he was in jeopardy now more than ever. This was my worst nightmare.
	“Winston…” I whispered, tears now streaming down my face. “No…don’t say that. Please, whatever you do, don’t say that –”
	“Elissa, just listen to me. I want you to know that as long as I am here, I will use every ounce of power I have to protect you,” Winston reassured all too proudly. “He will not hurt me, I am his great nephew!”
	I shook my head. Even Winston didn’t know the capabilities of this ruthless man. As much as I protested, he wouldn’t cease. He gently took me by the wrists and pulled me in closely. He did it with a tenderness I’d never experienced from him before.
	“Elissa…I brought you out here to propose something to you. It’s an idea – just an idea. But, it has been my intention to do this in the case that my uncle would not approve of you all along. Well…it has actually been my intention to ask you this regardless…” Winston was now clearly stammering, approaching a question so large that he could barely make his way to it. “But I wanted to ask if you would consider becoming my wife.”
	I opened my eyes and shuddered. No – this couldn’t be happening! Not now. The distress in my expression could be clearly read the moment that I said it. The feelings of hurt couldn’t be concealed any longer, and they seemed to nearly overwhelm him.
	“Just consider saying you’re engaged to me for the time being. I know you’re not of age – but if you say you are my fiancée it would at least give you a small amount of protection. It’s one of the only things I can offer right now.”
	“Winston, I – I can’t. I can’t marry you,” I stammered in response. “Not now.”
	“You don’t have to marry me in the end if you don’t want to!” He pleaded. “Only say that you’re engaged to me right now, and promise me that you’ll at least consider marrying me when you come of age. I love you, Elissa. I only want to see you safe.”
	I couldn’t stand it anymore. Winston didn’t know – he couldn’t know – yet he had to be told the truth if he was to understand. N
	“Winston, it’s not that I’m not fond of you…” I sobbed. “I have been told things that I dare not tell you. If I tell you, he will do his very worst.”
	“Elissa, whatever he has said he will do – please, just tell me! If you remain close to me, it would be much more difficult for him to take you. I am within his family – that would complicate whatever plans he has. Even the Magistrate is not without the scrutiny of his own family.”
	Winston gently caressed my cheeks, acting as if he intended to kiss me. Now I felt just a little bit of relief as I realized that his words might be true – but I still couldn’t bear the thought of putting my family in any more danger than they were already in. In my mind, I weighed my options. Having him be unaware of what could kill him seemed like an injustice all itself – I needed to warn him somehow…but how? Finally, I made up my mind that I would take Winston behind closed doors and tell him. I didn’t want to tell him the entire mess – it seemed too dangerous. But, I would tell him just enough to make sure he knew that the Magistrate would be scrutinizing us.
	“Alright!” I continued to sob. “I will consider. But first, I must tell you the truth.”
	“Yes, please. Tell me anything,” he softly told me in reply.
	“…I can’t tell you here. We have to wait and meet somewhere else.”
	“Do you believe we may be followed?”
	“Yes. That’s why you must tell absolutely no one.”
	He gave me a cursory nod, and we agreed to meet later that day. None of us knew exactly when or where, but we promised each other that we would. I would send for him when I was ready. I was unaware of it, but even among the servants the Magistrate’s eyes and ears were everywhere. 
	“Alright, Winston,” I whispered. We stood in the dark hallway of the servants’ corridor, our conversation lit only by a single flickering candle. It appeared that we were alone, but even then we tried to remain nearly silent. “I will tell you. But you must vow never to tell a soul. And if they find out that you know it – don’t wait. Leave this place as fast as you can!”
	He nodded in silent agreement, urging me to go on. I quietly explained to him what had happened to me. I gave him loose details, hoping not to reveal anything that might seem too blasphemous if the words would ever leave this room. Though, even that was enough to condemn us both. After telling him what he Magistrate told me about the fortune, I told him what he had threatened. It was foolish of me to do it, even if there wasn’t anyone there. But, I told him anyway. In the end, Winston was astonished. 
	“Elissa…I don’t know what to say,” his voice crackled. “I can only tell you…we must all be careful. I will take this matter to the high court –”
	“No!” I demanded. “Don’t you understand? You can’t breathe a word of it! Promise me that you won’t. Please!”
	I was such a fool for telling him!
	“Alright…I won’t.”
	Even though life hung in the balance now, for some reason he didn’t see this exactly the same way I did. Maybe my details were too loose – or maybe he was too much of a loyalist. Maybe he was just prideful or arrogant, perhaps just stupid. Whatever the case, he didn’t see it as of big of a deal. In his mind, I knew he meant well by thinking that he could find a way around this. But, in reality it was all just fatal arrogance. 
	After we were finished, we parted ways. For reasons of safety, I insisted that we left each other using different stairwells. As I made my way up toward the entryway so that I could go to my room – I heard what I thought were Winston’s footsteps going the opposite direction. For some reason though, they didn’t sound like they could have come from his big, thick feet. Instead of stepping, it was a nimble and feminine shuffling. 
	I shuddered, praying that it wasn’t anyone who the Magistrate was using as a spy. 
	I turned the brass doorknob and went back into the hallway, letting out a small sigh of relief when I saw that Beeti wasn’t standing anywhere nearby. Though, as soon as I stepped out into the main hall I could feel eeriness in the air. I saw what appeared to be the silhouette of a shadow shooting across the corner. For some reason, it intrigued and entranced me. I simply couldn’t keep myself from following it. 
	I turned the same corner and saw it there, almost waiting for me. It moved again, leading me directly into my room. As soon as I entered in, a gush of air pushed the door closed behind me. The shadow disappeared, and in unison with the door slamming shut my balcony doors flew open. Curiously and cautiously, I followed the air and slowly crept out onto the balcony. Now it was sunset, and the world outside beamed with a radiant orange glow. I caught a glimpse of the fiery sunset, still bright enough to blind me so that I would close my eyes. When I opened them again, I saw Aurelian standing before me.
	“Elissa, it’s me! Don’t scream!” he cautiously whispered.
	Instead of being pleasantly surprised I was initially terrified. I jumped back, nearly slapping him in the face when I realized that it was him. Then came the wave of emotions. I saw his face and felt a burst of energy and joy, then anger. Now my feelings and the memories of my feelings were coming back all at once, and they were bubbling up in a fiery explosion.
	“Aurelian!” I exclaimed at first. “You’re here!” 
	But in the next few seconds, I realized where I was and shut myself up. 
	“Wait – you’re here?!” I suddenly recollected in a loud whisper. “Why are you here?! Don’t you realize how dangerous this is?! And how on earth did you get into my –”
	“Elissa, calm down!” Aurelian interrupted in a hushed whisper. “I just had to see you.”
	“But – but, why here?” I argued in response. “Don’t you realize that my entire house is being watched by the Magistrate?”
	“I had to see you now because of that! Your home and family are being watched by more eyes than just those of the Magistrate. In these last few days I’ve tried to stay away, but it’s only made things worse. I’ve tried to keep my distance from you for a very long time, but now we’ve been pulled into this together and there’s no longer any way that you will not be involved in this.” He softly explained. “I’m sorry – truly. But I couldn’t put it off. I had to tell you as soon as I could.”
	“Wait,” I spoke up. “Are you saying that there are bigger things after me now? Bigger than even the Magistrate?”
	Aurelian quickly looked downward.
	“There are bigger things after both of us. And now that we’ve involved ourselves with each other there is a greater danger that will be seeking to destroy us.”
	“What are you saying?” I confusedly murmured. Though, in my mind I already knew the answer.
	“What has been watching you is now watching me, and what has been watching me is now watching you. As of today, there is no way for me to let you go through this alone.”
	Now I was lost. What was after him? Having seen a glimpse of his powers, I knew that things would never be the same. But, I was already in enough of a mess as it was. As if it hadn’t occurred to me already, this put my family in even more danger than before. A burst of anger rushed through me.
	“Why did you come here then?” I seethed. “What is your purpose with me?”
	“I came here today…because I wanted to apologize to you,” he sorrowfully told me. Realizing that we were probably going to fall into someone’s view if we stayed out on the balcony, I quickly whisked him inside and shut the doors. Aurelian immediately got on his knees. “I’m sorry that I’ve robbed you of a life here – but perhaps things will work out differently. In any case, I came to apologize to you…and to tell you the truth of what’s going on around you. It’s only fair that as we’re forced to be in this together that you know the truth.”
	“Very well,” I meekly responded, collecting myself. 
	I motioned for him to take a seat somewhere around the room, though he politely refused. As someone raised to be a man of politeness and appropriateness, it was increasingly awkward for him to find a place to stand in my room, let alone sit down. I tried to make do with the situation and calm myself down, so I decided to kick off my shoes and slump myself down in the chair at my vanity. Something in me knew that it what I was about to hear wasn’t going to be pleasant, so it was best that I took it all sitting down.
	“First of all, you know I am a prince,” Aurelian began. I nodded. “You know I’m not…from your world.” I nodded once again. “But, my world is much like your own. Although I have powers that your mortals do not, my world isn’t all that different from yours. The same curse that rules your rules my own.”
	“Curse?” I echoed. “I suppose that you could call the Magistrate a curse…but he’s a human being!”
	“No,” he sighed. “You see – that’s it. He is the Curse. Well, no…he’s inhabited by it.”
	Aurelian momentarily stopped speaking when he saw my face. I was dumbfounded, so apparently his explanations were getting me absolutely nowhere. Now I was lost again. His words had fazed me just about as well as they would have if Aurelian had been speaking gibberish.
	“Curse?” I echoed again, Aurelian immediately letting out a breathy sigh. It was going to be a long way from here.
	“Okay…how should I…oh yes – alright. This might be a bit hard to wrap your mind around, but it’s the truth. Your Magistrate is inhabited by a curse. A legitimate, living, breathing entity. Everyone in his line has been possessed by it, causing them to be merely puppets of its will. That’s why he does such evil things.”
	“Alright…” I let out, faintly beginning to follow what he was saying. 
	“My world is the same way. My people came to aid your people in war long ago – and when they did, your curse became our curse. Your curse sits on the Magistrate’s throne. Our curse sits on our throne. Only for your people, it passes on to the next person when they die. Your people die natural deaths…but mine cannot. For us, the predecessor must be killed by his successor. It’s a bit complicated really, but that’s at least the gist of it.”
	Suddenly, I almost felt like I understood. Crazy as it sounds, it seemed a logical explanation for something so illogical. The gears in my head were turning again. This story sounded very familiar…but at the moment it didn’t really occur to me that I may have heard it before. Hearing it come from Aurelian made it seem completely different from what I had read in my big book of folklore. It made it seem…real. Even though his humanity was something I was unsure of, it made it sound human. 
	“I have a brother,” he continued. This time he tried to simplify his language so that I could better understand him. “An extremely delirious brother. He’s my twin. All of my life, he’s raged with jealousy against me. He hates me.”
	“Because of this curse?” I spoke up, believing that I was actually beginning to grasp this.
	“No, actually. It’s just himself. He’s always wanted the power, but in my world you don’t fully embody it until you become king. The intense desire he’s had to actually be embodied by it is what’s led him to become so consumed with it.”
	“So, then he doesn’t have the Curse?” I posed yet again, feeling my mind veer off of the track I thought it had been on.
	“No, he does.” Aurelian spoke up again. Alright, now I was completely lost. Aurelian knelt down and inched in toward me, gently grabbing my hand and giving it a squeeze. “Well…now he does. Now he’s sitting on the throne. And now he believes that somehow I have this vendetta against him and that I’m going to go back and kill him so that I can steal his power. I honestly don’t want it – but he sees me as enough of a threat to carry through with it. He’s made it his life’s goal to destroy me. And now that he has the power…he can.”
	“So,” I quickly spoke up. “If I’m right…you’re telling me that your brother is a raging lunatic. Correct?”
	“I suppose if you’d rather put it that way; then yes.” He awkwardly told me in reply before inching in closer to my face and giving me a look of utter seriousness. “But, I’m only telling you this…because I know that now it is entirely inevitable that our lives will never be the same. This is what I’m fighting against, and it’s what you have been inevitably brought into. Faolan is after you, and the Magistrate is after me. Regardless of how we feel about each other, our fates are interchangeable now.”
	 It was obvious that he had no other plans beyond this. Aurelian was simply just informing me of what he thought was fate. We had both been in deep trouble, and now it seemed that we had each found someone that was in just as much trouble as the other. If this was fate, maybe we could work together to change it. I realized that what I was dealing with might not have been a death sentence after all, even if it had seemed to be such. The powers I was dealing with now were much bigger than I was, and somehow that offered me unexpected hope. That gave me an idea that might save us both. 
	“Aurelian,” I suddenly spoke up, tilting his head up toward mine. “If our fates are interchangeable, perhaps we’re not really meant to die. Maybe you’ve found me so that we can work together. Maybe we’re meant…to save each other.”
	“That’s a hopeful thought,” Aurelian darkly said to me, “but things are much more complicated than you understand. You’re a human from a world without knowledge of the powers of worlds beyond it. If anything, I should be protecting you.”
	“Perhaps I don’t come from a world with magic,” I started in a nervous laugh, “but that doesn’t mean I’m powerless!”
	“Compared to the things that want me dead you are,” he responded. “And besides, even if there was a way for us to help each other – how would you propose we do it? A few simple words of encouragement; a peace treaty? It’s not as if somehow this is going to become what your people would call a: ‘kumbaya!’”
	“I’m not expecting that,” I told him in reply. “All I’m saying is that now since we’re aware that we exist, maybe we’re meant to rely on each other somehow. Strength is not all dependent on physicality. Aurelian, everything that once seemed so unchangeable now seems as if it could change! Just the fact that I’ve found that I’m not alone in this proves that. We need to make a plan – to see each other again! Otherwise, our fate will be bleak! Together…there might be a chance, just a chance –”
	I was cut off before I could finish. My ploy was somewhat useless anyway, seeing that Aurelian didn’t fully (nor would he in the future) find himself able to grasp what I was saying. The prince was naturally a pessimist, also accompanied with the nature of being a gentleman. That made the idea of a team-up presently and extremely foreign to him. Regardless, I’d later have the time to find that he cared enough about me to listen to my ideas anyway. However – at the moment our conversation was temporarily put on hold.
	“Lady Elissa!” A voice sounded from down the hallway. 
	It was Emily. I suddenly panicked, rushing to get up and find somewhere for him to hide. Though, it was already too late. She jovially swung the door open, whistling a lively tune as she carried a stack of towels into the room. At first her eyes were still on the hallway, so she actually didn’t notice that we were there. Today she was happier than I’d seen her in a long time.
	Ironically enough, I knew it wasn’t going to last much longer.
	“The ladies in the laundry room just got a fresh supply of linens! They’re scented like lavender! I brought you some of them to try out!” She began, her head still turned from us. As she opened her mouth to speak again, she took a look in my direction. “I also brought you some fresh towels –”
	She had just nearly finished speaking when she looked up and froze. Emily stared at me, then at the strange man standing in my room. In shock, she lost her grip on the towels and dropped them all onto the floor. She suddenly opened her mouth to scream for help – but in a flash of panic Aurelian used his powers to steal the voice right out of Emily’s throat and forcefully bar the door shut behind her. 



26 | Emily’s Secret



	Emily kept on trying to scream, but it was apparent to me that Aurelian had made it so that there was no voice for her to scream with. After he did it, I looked up at him in frustration and began arguing. All the while, poor Emily stood there feeling utterly petrified.
	“Why did you just do that?” I angrily exclaimed.
	“I – I panicked,” he stammered. “She was about to run and tell someone!”
	“So you took her voice?”
	“It was the only way!”
	“Well I’m sure that she’s going to have a lot to say now, seeing that you’ve stolen her voice and barred the door behind her!” I agitatedly yelped. “What do you intend on doing now? Are you going to make her forget that she saw you, or are you going to let her remain mute forever?”
	“No…I …I –”
	“You should have disappeared! Why haven’t you gone away? It’s seemed so easy to do all of the times that you’ve spontaneously showed up and left me over and over again in that last nine months!”
	Obviously, when I said nine months, Emily completely misconstrued what I was talking about. Her eyes bugged out of her head and the poor girl fell back against the wall in utter petrifaction.
	“I don’t really disappear – it’s not like that! It doesn’t work that way…there’s a degree to which I must to plan it when I do! It takes preparation and focus, not to mention magic…”
	“You have to plan it?” I echoed back, now fuming. “You mean to tell me that all of the times that you deserted me, playing with my head as you left me behind – you planned it?”
	“No, I promise it wasn’t like that!”
	“Then what was it like, Rhys?” I challenged. “What could possibly have been going through your mind as you did it!?! Was it that you didn’t want to implicate me or anyone else in this chaos?”
	“Elissa, please calm down!” Aurelian exclaimed. “We can’t sort this out if we’re always fighting!”
	I suddenly looked over and witnessed the look of utter shock on Emily’s face. In the midst of all of the arguing, I had almost forgotten that she was there. She was still muted and clearly distressed. Aurelian and I looked over at her in unison, realizing what a spectacle we must have made and quickly fell silent. Emily dazedly shook her head in disbelief at what she was seeing.
	“Miss, I am so sorry…” The prince began to explain, but it didn’t do much. He stepped toward her and she immediately backed even closer to the wall. 
	“Aurelian – it appears to Emily there’s a magical creature standing in my bedroom who’s just stolen her voice. Considering you’re the magical creature in this scenario, I think it would be best if you let me take this,” I explained, voluntarily stepping into his place.
	“Emily…I’m sorry. I know this is going to be a lot for you to take in – but bear with me,” I slowly began. “This may not exactly be the best way to put it…alright, there’s no good way to put this. You know all of the fairy tales you loved reading as a child? The ones you said teach us about finding the optimism and magic in real life?”
	She nodded. 
	“…Let’s just say, this very well might be one of them.”
	Emily’s jaw dropped. She gave me a blank stare and then glanced over at Aurelian. In the awkwardness of the moment, he cordially bowed and introduced himself.
	“Prince Aurelian, cordially at your service,” He ever-so-formally introduced himself. Emily’s jaw was still on the floor. Seeing the blank look on her voiceless face caused him to speak up again: “I hail from the Night Kingdom – just to clarify.”
	Emily slowly closed her mouth and stood up straight. She nodded along, still in an understandable amount of shock over it all. Emily glanced over at me, then at Aurelian, and then back at me once again. As her pointing finger apparently paired us together, I felt a good deal of awkwardness and spoke up.
	“Uh yeah…we we are. Sort of.” I stammered. “It’s just that our situations are sort of…mutual right now! I mean we do like each other, of course. But nothing is really set in stone right now.”
	“It’s not?” Aurelian challenged. I looked over my shoulder and shot him a glare. We were absolutely not going to start fighting again.
	“Now that Emily is here and she knows about you,” I calmly turned to Aurelian. “How about we ask her if she can help us keep this a secret?”
	“You can’t ask her, Elissa. Her voice is gone.”
	“Well then – why don’t you give it back, Prince Charming?” I explained to him slowly and matter-of-factly with just a hint of sarcasm. “I’m sure she understands by now what’s going on.” By now she was still shaking her head, but I had to proceed if she was to get her voice back. “And Aurelian, I’m sure she specifically won’t tell anyone when she gets it back.”
	“Elissa, you don’t need to persuade me as if I’m mindless. I’ll give her voice back to her as soon as I’m sure that she won’t screech upon my returning it.”
	 I then turned to Emily and calmly began persuading her.
	“Now Emily…I know this is all a shock to you, but it’s very important that you don’t tell anyone,” I explained to her. “You’re my friend. I trust you. Do you promise that you won’t say anything?”
	Suddenly, the silent Emily nodded. It was obvious that she was still in shock, but now she was beginning to follow. Given, it was probably just because she didn’t want to be muted for the rest of her life. But, her cooperation was at least one step in the right direction. I glanced back at Aurelian and gave him a pleading look.
	“She’s not going to say anything. Now give her voice back!” I exclaimed. He gave me a slightly arrogant, pettily defeated look. He waved me along, urging me to give her fair warning before he granted her the ability to speak again. “Alright, Emily. Prince Aurelian is going to give your voice back. But, I’m telling you this now as a good friend – when he does, you had better not say anything. If you do…” I struggled to search for an adequate answer, “your voice will be taken away again, this time forever! So, do you understand? Do you promise that you absolutely, positively will not make a sound?”
	Upon hearing my warnings, she hurried to nod. She gave a rushed motion with her hands as to tell us that she understood and we’d better hurry to get her speaking again. When it was unanimously understood, I felt a wave of air drift across the room and blow over Emily’s face and hair. She closed her eyes and tried to force the air up her throat one last time.
	“Yes, Elissa. I promise,” she suddenly whispered. As soon as she did, her eyes shot open and she covered her mouth. It was back. She could speak again!
	Over the next ten minutes, the door remained barred and we slowly explained our predicament. She tried to take it in wearing as much of a composed face as she could, but I will admit that it was hard. Even though Aurelian was attempting to be friendly, it was obvious that Emily didn’t want to lose her voice again.
	“I understand that there’s probably not much that you can do beyond keep this a secret,” I moved to explain.  “But, if there’s any way you could help us it could mean something very important. I’ll leave it at that.”
	“You know I think of you as a sister, Elissa…but I don’t know about this.” She put a hand to her face
	“I understand that this is difficult to grasp…especially now,” I quietly exclaimed, squeezing her hands tightly. “But, if you help Aurelian, you’d have the chance to do something that no one in our world has done before. It could help more people than you know. It could honestly change things!”
	“I don’t know,” Emily soon hesitated. “It’s not that I don’t believe you…I honestly do. I believe in this more than you know – perhaps even more than I know myself. It’s just…”
	“It’s just what?” I pleaded. “Is it anything other than the shock of this situation? Something I’ve said or done? I know things have been different between us lately –”
	“No, Elissa…it’s not that,” Emily interrupted. A look of hopelessness clouded her momentarily silent expression. “As magnificently shocking as all of this might be, there are other reasons that, that; this encounter would put me in danger. I’m sorry I never told you. I couldn’t – and I probably shouldn’t. But, I’ve done something very foolish recently. That along with the Magistrate’s scrutiny probably puts us in more danger than we would have been before. And now…this?”
	For a second she looked away from me, and I felt like it was my duty to reach out to her. I settled my hand on her shoulder, Aurelian silently watching her with eyes that looked as if they were reaching into her hurting soul. 
	“Emily, please tell me. As I trust that you’ll keep this a secret, you can trust that your secret will stay here with me. And, Aurelian certainly won’t tell anyone.” I softly whispered. “What is it that you’ve done? 
	The entire room fell deafeningly silent. Perhaps Aurelian already had some sort of other-worldly knowledge of what she was about to say, for he didn’t look surprised in the least. She looked up at me and flashed me an honest, confessing look. Everything about her demeanor changed. She shifted from being the closed up box of a girl I’d known for the last month and a half to becoming an open door. Her expression was sober and truthful, telling me before she even said a word that this was not a light matter.
	“You know I was gone quite a lot last month,” she began. “And in the months before that. It’s true – I was missing. It was no one’s imagination. I was out sneaking around.”
	“Where?” I confusedly asked. “Where could you have possibly gone?”
	“Not far…not until recently,” she replied. “The servants covered for me – because you know, it’s just an unspoken rule that we don’t rat out our own.”
	Her words were beginning to come in a frantic jumble, arising from a true emotional mess. She struggled to comprehend them all out loud without breaking down. As true as the words were, I still could hardly gasp what she was telling me.
	“Wait – I don’t understand. What kind of trouble is that? Every young girl sneaks out sometimes, servant or not.”
	“It’s not that I was sneaking out for girlish reasons, Elissa…” she tearfully told me, wiping the moisture from her eyes with her stained sleeve. “It was dangerous because of who I was sneaking out with.” 
	“Oh, Emily…” I softly murmured. “It was Jackoby, wasn’t it?”
	“Yes – it was. Oh, Elissa! Only you truly know…only you can truly ever know. We’re in love with each other. We’ve been in love for a very long time.” She put her head in her hands once again in utter distress. Now my heart dropped too. I’d known it all along – but now I was being faced with it for the first time. I let out a nervous laugh.
	“Well, there’s nothing wrong with that. Just so long as you two weren’t seen and you haven’t been suspected –”
	“No, Elissa!” Emily exclaimed, beginning to collect herself. “It goes much deeper than that. Our love caused us to do something very foolish. Something that is even more dangerous than simply being affectionate about each other while working in the same household. But, we couldn’t help ourselves. Our hearts blinded us.” She paused. “Remember when I was gone the weekend of the ball?”
	I stopped, almost telepathically realizing what she was about to say. I knew the truth before she even uttered it. She couldn’t have – she hadn’t. My mind flashed back to all those months ago, when Jackoby flashed Emily a strange glance and talked about “October.” Was it really possible that they had actually been planning…to run away together?
	“Emily – you didn’t! Did you?”
	“Yes, Elissa. It’s true. My name’s not Emily Berry anymore. It’s Emily Nielsen.”
	I fell back in disbelief. How could she have pulled it off? And how on earth could she have hidden it all this time? I still didn’t fully comprehend it.
	“You honestly mean that you, actually –”
	“Elissa, must I spell it out for you? Jackoby and I ran away and eloped.”
	Now my jaw was the one falling to the floor. I understood why she’d been so closed off, so secretive all of this time. Obviously she’d jumped into it with doubts and now she must have felt the reluctance growing. And now, the tension was rising to its greatest height all around us. She had much to fear if she was found to be in an “illegal” marriage of this sort. It all lined up perfectly now. Still, knowing all of this I couldn’t help but question it in the back of my mind.
	“Emily…if you eloped, why did you come back?”
	“Well, you see…Jackoby had been begging me for months. We were going to run away to the Desert Country, seeing that’s where all of the fugitives and runaways go. I had many doubts about it all. I loved him, so I agreed to go through with it anyway. After all was said and done, my doubts came back again. I worried what was going to happen to my family with no provider and I worried about what would happen to all of you when it was discovered that we had deserted.”
	“So…you came back?” 
	“Yes. I convinced him that we were needed back at the manor. After much protesting, he agreed. We’ve been trying to hide what happened ever since then. If anyone finds out it could mean death for the both of us. That’s why you mustn’t tell a single soul.”
	“I promise I won’t tell anyone,” I quietly told her. I flashed a slight smile through all of the gloominess and childishly crossed my fingers over my heart. 
	I could sense the pain in her voice – she was truly aching. This wasn’t the fairy tale ending she’d always imagined. As willing as she was to run away with her Prince Charming, she had come to the disheartening conclusion that this world was made to keep them apart. For just a second, I understood how my own mother must have felt when she met my father. In the silence, Aurelian suddenly spoke up.
	“I hope you won’t mind my interjecting,” he humbly told Emily. “But, do you both still truly love each other?”
	“What?” She spoke up confusedly, clearly not expecting to be faced with providing such an answer. Aurelian knelt down at her feet and softened.
	“No matter what you’ve done or how foolish you think it may have been, your love still matters.” He said to her almost poetically. I think it caused both of us to soften just a little bit more than we had before. She fell into silence for a moment before speaking up again.
	“Yes, we do.”
	There was another momentary silence before Emily spoke up again. I could tell that something was riding on her conscience now. She had to help us. It was as if God himself was reaching into her heart and telling her to remain open to the unknown.
	“I probably shouldn’t do this – but I see now there’s no way to get around it. I don’t know exactly how much I can do, but I will help you.”
	“Oh, thank you! Thank you!” I threw my arms around her neck, not realizing that now I was being much louder than I had intended. 
	“Hush!” Emily quickly shushed me. “We don’t want to tell the whole world what we’re doing! Now, there’s not much I can do – but, I do know a few people who might be able to help you if you ever need to arrange a meeting. I also know of some people who could help smuggle you to the Desert Country if need be.”
	The excitement of the moment rushed through my veins, and I looked to see if Aurelian had any input. I think that at that moment we both realized that neither of us still had a plan. Maybe finding a place to meet each other again would be a good idea.
	“I don’t know, Aurelian. What do you think? Would you like to meet with each other to discuss our plan?” 
	I looked into his eyes, suddenly taking note of the fact that none of this had seemed to take him by surprise. While I had my heart suddenly set on this fantastic new hope, it seemed that Aurelian’s was elsewhere. There was a look in his eyes that was lacking in all hope; it was grave, perhaps even dismal. I got up from my quiet place on the foot of the bed and stood by Aurelian.
	“What is it?” I softly asked him.
	“I appreciate your willingness to help me…but, you see…although this all must seem so hopeful and bright to you, I am still the cause of your predicament. You need not worry about me.The ones I worry about are those whom I have endangered by simply being here,” he gently took my hand into his. “You, and now Emily.”
	“Your Majesty,” Emily spoke up. “Your presence might bring danger, but has it not also brought good? You appear to come from a land of greater power than ours. Our Magistrate has power, but if he has reason to spite you, it is because he fears yours.”
	“Do you imply that my danger to you all is caused by jealousy?” Aurelian politely questioned her in response. The question didn’t seem like an authentic inquiry, but more like a test. Perhaps the prince already knew the truth and was only seeking a consolation in response.
	“In a way. I might not know much, but I do know that if someone is secure with themselves, they will have no reason to fear anyone else. The Magistrate may very well fear your power, but only because it is greater than his. It is…good.”
	“She’s right, Aurelian. You may think you’ve caused this, but I would be in more danger without you. Think of the times that you’ve saved me, comforted me! We’re in this together now. We must work with what we have. Otherwise, all hope will be lost.” 
	“I know. I’m sorry. You’re right – truly. But that doesn’t change that my first priority is protecting you. I can see dangers nearer to you now than I would like to believe. So, I give you my solemn oath. I will do everything in my power to protect you.” He looked toward Emily. “And I shall ensure your safety as well, Mrs. Nielsen.”
	“But, why must this all be on you?” I interjected. “I know you feel a burden. Let us bear this burden together.” After that, there was a long pause. When Aurelian spoke up again, it was as softly and surely as could be.
	“Is that truly what you want?” He asked me in a near-whisper. 
	“Yes. It is.”
	The prince closed his eyes for a moment before letting out a hushed murmur:
	 “Very well.”
	After a few moments, Emily stood up. A new boldness became evident in her.
	“My prince,” she curtsied. “I know that you are good. Therefore, as of today – I vow to do everything in my humble power to ensure that you and the Lady are kept safe. Whatever needs to be done, I will do it.”
	“Thank you, Mrs. Nielsen. Though, I caution you. Lady Elissa has already put herself in danger, and this is a far more treacherous game than you know. Are you truly willing to do this? You know…I do have the power to make you forget this. It would be difficult, but I can. For your safety.”
	“I wouldn’t ask for you to do that. For such a long time, I’ve held on to the hope that something good would come and begin to set us free. I do not believe in coincidences. If I am endangered for standing with good, then so be it.”
	It was evident that, like me, Emily had made her choice. The thought was empowering, yet it was terrifying all the same. Aurelian unexpectedly knelt before her.
	“Miss Nielsen, I have seen your willingness to stand for what is good. Your act of courage will not be forgotten.”
	Emily’s face flickered, and she let out a slight smile.
	“Now, as for our escape route,” Aurelian began again, turned toward our new ally. For some reason, he had lost his dismal and cowardly tone. As he spoke, he began to sound more and princely with each word. It was as if he was assuming the role of an army commander, tasking Emily with her new assignment. “I like your plan. If you know smugglers who can help escape to the Desert Country, have them ready for Elissa in case I’m not with her.” Aurelian met Emily’s eyes with a piercing stare, then quickly did the same to mine. “If I am unable to assist you, you are to take caution and leave this place at the first hint of danger. Don’t wait.”
	“Why just me? And, what about her offer to arrange the meetings?” I spoke up, taking note of the fact that his name wasn’t present in the last sentence. He gazed into my eyes and spoke softly.
	“As long as I’m near, you needn’t worry. I will protect you from your enemies to my last breath…” he continued, wary of the fact I might protest. “As you have promised to stand by me, I will stand by you. That is why you must heed my warning.”
	“Alright,” I finally sighed. “But what about arranging our next meeting? Or, would you protest?”
	“Oh no, I could never protest that,” he told me lightly. “I do appreciate the offer…but I can very well give you my word about this: when I want to see you, there will be no human intervention needed. I promise, no matter what is happening or where you are…I will never be far behind.”	
	After he finished speaking, he gave me a light kiss on the hand. Emily quickly got up and picked her towels back up from the floor. Aurelian used his powers to move the furniture away from the door and clean up what had been left of his mess. She turned from us and quietly inched toward the door to leave, but was stopped.
	“EMILY!” A voice rocked the hallway outside. “Where are you? My word! You said you’d deliver the towels to all of the rooms upstairs nearly a half hour ago! Now I have no clean towels for the baths!”
	It sounded like Beeti, but it might have been her gruff maid. Right now her screams were so shrill that neither of us could be sure. She turned around and panicked, just nearly holding onto the stack of linens this time. Her eyes bugged out of her head and she quickly ran away from the door. 
	“She’s coming! Quickly, we have to hide him!” Emily exclaimed.
	In lieu of having just found out that Aurelian actually couldn’t disappear at the spur of the moment, we panicked. We struggled to find some place to hide him. I caught sight of the closet. Without a single word of discussion about it we both awkwardly struggled to thrust Aurelian inside. As we did, it turned out that he was so tall that he smacked his head on one of the racks holding up my dresses. At first he looked slightly pained, but he didn’t say a word to dispute us. There was no time! 
	We slammed the doors shut and fell against them as the woman thundered into my room. Somehow, Emily was able to do everything while still balancing the stack of linens in her arms. When the woman came into the room, we both straightened up as if we were soldiers. It was Beeti. We tried to straighten up so greatly that it caused the woman to suspect that there was something else going on. 
	“What on Earth are you girls up to?” She barked.
	“Nothing, Aunt Beeti,” I sweetly piped up. “Emily was just showing me the new linens. They smell of lavender, isn’t it wonderful?”
	Beeti didn’t seem to be won over by my explanation in the least. She examined us suspiciously, attempting to decipher the nature of our disobedience. We remained positioned tactfully in front of the closet. Beeti quickly became impatient with our shenanigans and ordered us to step aside.
	“What are you hiding in there?” She attempted yanking me away from the closet door. “My word, girl! Let me through!”
	I soon realized that fighting was no use. Aurelian was going to be discovered, or he wasn’t. This might have been enough time for him to plan an escape. To be honest, one of his vanishings would be extremely convenient right now. 
Beeti shoved me aside and gasped the handle on one of the double doors. I closed my eyes and bit my lower lip as she opened them up and scanned the inside.
	“There must be something in here,” Beeti angrily rattled through my things. “Why would they have been blocking it if there was nothing in here?” 
	 I opened my eyes and eased back when I realized that she hadn’t seen Aurelian standing inside. She continued tearing through my belongings and sift her way through the racks, but she still couldn’t find anything there. I looked over at Emily in relief and I felt myself let out a distinct grin. The prince was gone. 




27 | Candlelit Path



	Three days later, Grandmamma began to slip in and out of consciousness. Her words were a messed up jumble, her heart weakening with every weary beat. I had thought of Aurelian constantly in that time, never forgetting the tension around me. Though, Grandmamma’s ill health caused my focuses to shift temporarily. Everyone knew that she was approaching the end. With that I also became consumed with a dark feeling that her passing would bring dire consequences for our household. Everyone was on edge now, making the supremely superficial Winston exceptionally uncomfortable. As we dug ourselves even deeper into familial trouble, Winston decided it was best to leave.
	In these days I often sat at Grandmamma’s bedside, feeding her while she was awake and watching her breathe while she slept. No matter what I said or did her health kept on failing. By the fourth day of this tumultuousness, I had neglected so many of the other parts of my life apart from this that I was completely exhausted. Beeti came into the room that night, wet rag in tote. 
	“You should give yourself some rest, dear.” Although it would seem otherwise, her tone was actually cold and snide. Though, right now I was much too tired to notice. Emily waddled in right behind her with a crate full of food and medicines that had just been shipped to the manor. Seeing how prepared the two of them were, I obliged to allow myself a night off. 
	“Goodnight,” I meekly told them both as I slipped out of the door and headed toward my quarters. 
	As soon as I as gone, Beeti knelt down at Grandmamma’s side with her rag. She dabbed it over her forehead as she slept, apparently botching an attitude of care so that Emily wouldn’t sense any ill intentions. After a few minutes, Emily knelt down at Grandmamma’s side and gently woke her for her medications. As servants are naturally expected to do, Emily looked at Beeti and insisted that she not exert herself doing maid’s work.
	“Please Miss, allow me to do that,” she insisted. Though, Beeti refused. At the same time, Grandmamma silently opened her eyes and motioned for a glass of water. Eyeing Emily’s tray of potent elixirs, Beeti spoke up. 
	“Oh no, dearie. It’s no work at all – just wishing to spend a few moments with my mother is all. I won’t take much longer.” Beeti’s mode now seemed quite strange. As Emily reached to get Grandmamma her water, Aunt Beeti made a jerkish motion that caused the glass of water in Emily’s grasp to spill and some of the open pill bottles on the top tray to topple over. 
	“Oh no!” The maid exclaimed, the puddle of water thoroughly soaking the sheets of the bed. Although it was clearly Beeti’s fault, Emily would of course have been the one to assume responsibility for the mishap. “I’m so sorry milady!”
	“Oh, you’ve done it this time! Incompetence! Incompetence!” Beeti snarled at that maid, causing her to blush and nearly begin to cry. Frozen in place, Beeti raised her voice toward the girl to the point of near-shouting. “Well, what are you waiting for? Go down to the linen closet and grab a fresh towel! I’ll keep my mother company while you go and fix this mistake of yours!”
	“Of course, milady…” Emily curtsied before scurrying out of the room. Grandmamma was wide awake, but she was so raspy that she was considerably mute. Like a prisoner trapped in a glass chamber, the woman had seen all that had gone on but couldn’t say a single word. 
	As soon as Emily was gone, Beeti hurried to the medicine bottles and read their labels. There had to be at least a hundred different ones sitting on the tray, all of various potencies. Grandmamma watched Beeti with great concern, but couldn’t move. The poor soul couldn’t do anything but watch.
	Beeti sifted through the bottles, reading none of their labels aloud. It seemed that she already had something specific in mind. After a few minutes of searching through the crate, Beeti curled her fingers around a dark blue vial that quickly found its way into her pocket. The name didn’t matter, nor did its contents. All that seemed to matter to her were a few small words printed on the back:

WARNING: INTOXICATION AND HALLUCINATION MAY OCCUR WITH MISUSE

	Right then, Emily came back into the room with towels and a new glass of water. Beeti discreetly hid the bottle from view and slipped it into her apron pocket. She smirked for a moment, standing up in place. Grandmamma’s expression was weary, but it was no less distressed. She knew exactly what her daughter must have been about to do, yet every time she tried to open her mouth to get out a word it was completely futile.
	“Well, I suppose I’ll leave you with Mother now,” Beeti jovially told the maid. “I’ll be retiring for the night. Goodnight to your both.” 
	Beeti got up and left the room, Grandmamma so frustrated that she was now in tears. Seeing the tears pouring down her cheeks but unable to know their cause, Emily wiped them away gently. She softly patted her on the hand as a comforting gesture, completely unaware of anything that Grandmamma was trying to communicate that she had seen or heard.
	“It’s alright Lady Abilene,” she softly told her as she patted the towels over the wet spots on the bed. “I’m sorry about the mess later, but I’m here for you now. There’s nothing to worry about.”
	Oh, but there was. Still unaware of the truth, Emily had hoped her words were of some consolation. Now it was evident that there was something else going on. For a moment, Emily stopped wiping with the towels and froze. The woman’s eyes said everything.
	Meanwhile, I had long since collapsed onto my bed and fallen into an immediate, deep sleep. I had hardly enough time to change into my bedclothes before drifting into unconsciousness. It’s a wonder that anyone would have been able to wake me at such a time as this – being nearly comatose – but, magic never really ceases to amaze.
	Only but a few minutes into my slumber, I found myself awakened by the strangest, most harmonious noise. I opened my eyes and sat up in a complete daze, almost as if I was sleepwalking. It was a feeling of sleepwalking, yet I wasn’t really tired at all. Almost involuntarily, I stepped out of bed and slipped on a pair of satin slippers. 
	Conveniently enough, there was a thick velvet cloak hanging just beside the door that I quickly draped over my shoulders. Something in me knows that it must have been there for a reason; because in all honesty I was clad only in my under-slip and I probably wouldn’t have thought to put it on any other way.
	“What on earth is that sound?”
	It continued calling, sounding almost as if it was a symphony. Yet, it wasn’t quite a symphony. It wasn’t quite a song. All I can say is that I know that it was certainly a call. My feet carried me down the hallway to the door that led into the servants’ quarters. At first I didn’t do much at all, my body acting almost as if it was on auto-pilot. 
	I reached the door and turned its knob. On the other side of the door was a lantern. I took it into my hand and found myself winding downward on an almost endless pathway, slowly regaining my consciousness with each step as I realized that I was climbing downward without knowledge or reason into an unknown world.
	In the manor, Beeti had already retracted to a place that anywhere but her quarters. She had been planning on how she might go through with this, knowing that she would have the Magistrate’s blessing regardless. Poison in tote, she found herself taking a seat in the dark room beside the sparsely-visited grand staircase. 
	Strange things had seemed to happen in this room…this event being strange nonetheless. Beeti was here for a reason – a dark reason. She was here to meet someone, yet in the last 24 hours no one had come or gone from the Devereaux Manor. You see – this wasn’t an ordinary meeting.
	She took a seat and reached underneath a small, makeshift table that had been placed there for the purpose of this very meeting. She slipped her hand into a secret compartment at the bottom of the table and pulled out a large, leather book. It was my book – the one that I had used to help piece together my mystery and by now had nearly forgotten. She cracked it open and dug her fingers in between its pages until she found a card that was tucked in between what had seemed to be but a single page of the book. 
	Beeti pulled out the card and held it up in the dim candlelight. A gloating smirk rolled across her face when she read its unspeakable words, for these were truly the key to getting what she wanted. The act she was about to perpetrate seemed unthinkable, but after months and months of utter spite against me; Beeti’s goodness had been completely eaten away. These words were the only way she could consult with her great schemer, the grand mediator who was going to help her achieve everything that she had always wanted. You see, these words were no simple passage or poem.
	The words on the card were a spell.
	As Emily cared for Grandmamma far down the halls, she couldn’t help but take notice of the fact that Grandmamma wouldn’t stop crying. Since she couldn’t form words properly, my grandmother reckoned that this was her only chance to stop her daughter. She could sense what her daughter was doing before anyone else could – and she was not going to let herself be powerless to it. Despite the fact that she was frail, she didn’t cease her attempts to tell Emily what needed to be done.
	“Milady,” Emily told Lady Abilene in concern, “are you alright?”
	For about 10 minutes now, Lady Abilene had been crying non-stop. She couldn’t move her hands, but now she had mustered up just enough strength to weakly move her mouth. As she struggled to move her jaw and mouth the words, Emily realized that Grandmamma must have seen or heard something grave. There was danger in the air, and now she could sense it. 
	BEETI, she seemed to be mouthing. She mouthed the word three or four times, after that moving herself to take in enough air to vaguely outline it for her with sound. “B-ee-ti!” She finally expelled, the first word she’d said all day long. In shock, Emily froze. 
	“What about Beeti? Is she in trouble?”
	“N-no,” she murmured again. “Danger!” 
	After those two words, Grandmamma lost all of her strength and collapsed even further into her pillow. Though the description was vague, it was enough to make Emily realize that she needed to find Beeti. Not because Beeti was in danger – but because she now sensed that I was. Emily’s eyes were suddenly averted to tray on the top of her crate and her suspicions heightened.	
	Somehow, she was able to keenly notice that the once-orderly array of medications on the top of the tray was discombobulated. It was disorganized beyond what it had been when a few of the bottles had been ever-so-intentionally knocked over. No – this was different. Exactly how Emily saw it or sensed it, I still have yet to understand. But she saw that these bottles were more than just disorganized – they had been tampered with. When she went through them all again she compared them to an inventory list that was situated at the bottom of the crate. If there was a bottle missing, this list would surely tell her which one it was.
	After a few moments of reckoning, she found that one bottle was in fact missing. It couldn’t have been an anomaly, either – not with this kind of a medication. She did a tally once again, then again after that just to be sure. At first, she was in disbelief. Then, she was in denial. After those two, she almost found herself in hysteria. The drug that had been taken was one of the most potent and dangerous of all when misused or abused, and for many it was a drug of choice for that reason.
	“No,” Emily shook her head in disbelief. “She took the darclooxide!” 
	At the same time, I continued down the stairs as if I was in a waking dream. The way was steep, but I had a light to guide me that was so bright that I was unusually content with it. Even though I made my way alone, it also felt as if I had someone guiding me down the steps softly. The steps became caverns, the wooden boards soon becoming damp stone steps. Yet, in the cool underground I felt shrouded by overwhelming warmth. 
	I continued downwards until one single moment in which I realized what was going on. When I did, the feeling of warmth and the sight of my guiding light vanished. My intoxicating daze faded all at once. I took note of the corridor surrounding me and was terrified.
	“Hello?” I meekly called out, my exhaustion catching up to me at this time as well. I heard a small sound – perhaps a small drip or a creak in the cellar – and panicked at the sudden thought that I was being followed. “Is there anyone here?”
	In the next second, I had panicked so severely that I lost all of my inhibitions and started mindlessly running down the slick stone stairwell. The room was dark now, and as hard as I tried I couldn’t turn my lamp back on. Before I had started running, I desperately felt around the base of the lamp to see if there was a switch, button, or knob that would turn it back on. Oddly enough – there wasn’t one at all. It was as if my blind faith and euphoric calm had caused it to light my path. Now that those were gone, the single inclination of doubt in my soul had caused it to remain dark. 
	So now, I was running. Running like a mindless chicken down a stairwell with no railings, no grip, and not even a wall on the left side. Even though it would seem more like I was about to run into the abyss on the left, in my mind I was most certainly running from it.
	By God’s grace, I reached the bottom of the cellar unscathed. Though, when I reached the bottom, the steps were slippery enough to cause me a slight fall. When I stopped at the bottom, there was absolutely nothing to hold on to – and just like that I ended up toppling over face-first onto the ground. No bones were broken, but I did bust my lower lip. I had quit my lip-biting habit long ago, I realized as the familiar blood leeched onto my tongue.
	I caught a glimpse of a lit corridor just a few feet from where I was standing. It had almost seemed to appear there in just these last few minutes. I got up and hurried toward it. Now the ground beneath my feet was dry, and the torch-lit pathway actually gave me a bit of warmth. Before I knew it, I found myself standing before a great towering wooden door. Something in me knew to push my way through – I was drawn to. 
	When I opened the doors I found myself standing in a torch-lit courtyard. I looked upwards and saw that there was a vast, spiraling ceiling looming above my head. It was just barely lit by the torchlight until the lights faded into its towering immensity. The room was silent, and I was completely alone. On every wall there was a long, rectangular mirror – but as close as I came to them I still saw no reflection. I came close to them and investigated them in every way that I could have, but was left perplexed until a single noise broke the silence I was shrouded in. 
	“If you’re looking for a reflection I don’t think you’ll have any luck. That’s not a mirror,” a voice came from behind.
	“Aurelian,” I told him, hypnotized. “It’s you.”




28 | Dark Mirrors



	While I was presently away from the family, great events were beginning to unravel in the house. No one had yet noticed I was gone, and Beeti had retreated to the room I was confined to on the day of my unfortunate humiliation. She held a dastardly card in her hands, holding it up to a black candle so that she might read its spellbinding mantra. As she recited the words, she began burning the card over the flame. This was the way that Magistrate had told her she would be able to get what she wanted – and this was the way that it would certainly be done.

“Come to me, O Great Power!
I summon thee this very hour
I summon thee to come to my aid
To carry out a deed of fate.”

	As Beeti continued, it became evident in the room that dark magic was at work already. The card burnt up in the oddest, most peculiar fashion. With every line that she chanted, that part of the spell on the card burnt up and disappeared. The fire did not consume it all at once, but what somehow controlled by the speed at which the spell was read. It continued to burn at this speed and in this fashion until the very moment that chanting stopped. Beeti continued:

“As the garden wilts in autumn,
As the winter kills the rebellious blooms
Perishes them with a chill to the bone
Show me the way that I might cut down the bloom
That threatens our leader’s foothold!”

	After the last line was finished, the words on the card faded away. They faded away and turned to ash. Though, these were no ordinary ashes. First they were only flakes of soot, but then they rose up and circled in a cloud. They turned from soot to color, showing sparkling auras of purple, blue, green, and finally a cloud of gold dust. The cloud was alive, for it spoke to Beeti.
	“What do you request?” The cloud spoke, only audible to Beeti. 
	“I request that you allow me consultation with the Magistrate.”
	After she uttered the words the cloud manifested itself into what looked to be a window, a mirror. It was a magnificent sight – yet keep in mind that only she could see and hear it. Although this was very real to her, it would appear to be a delusional rant to anyone else. Soon enough, the portal was complete and none other than the face of the Magistrate was floating before her.
	“My servant Beeti,” the Magistrate gloatingly uttered. “Have you done as I have instructed?”
	She pulled the vial of darclooxide from her apron pocket and smirked. The Magistrate quickly gave a wicked smile in return. Then, he reached his hand out through the portal into the room and grabbed it from her, physically taking it to his side of the mirror. 
	“Well done. This is precisely what the Master has requested,” the Magistrate said as he investigated the label of the narcotic. 
	He then reached out and grabbed a vial of liquid off of a nearby table on his side of the mirror, mixed it with another and then with the darclooxide. When he did this, the bottle it was in fizzed and fumed until the glass it was contained it seemed to ooze with human blood. The wicked king smiled before handing it back to Beeti, leaving the blood on his hands as well as hers. It was an act truly symbolic in nature.
	“Mix this with the boy’s wine, and then place the empty vial in the child’s bedside drawer. I will send an officer to the scene who will conclude that she was the perpetrator. Do as the Master says, and you will also have witnesses. Then the act might never be refuted!”
	“How might they see her? The girl would never poison her fiancé knowingly.” Beeti dreamily responded to the mirror’s instructions.
	“Come to me when he arrives, and I shall grant you the power to appear to my nephew and all others as Lady Elissa. Lure him into a room with the promise of wine. You must remember to use the entire vial in his. Do not worry – it will not change the taste or the volume of the wine. It is magic.” The man let out a wicked laugh. “Once he drinks, he will become weak and intoxicated. Then, the two tonics will cause him a swift but painful death.”
	“And what if he refuses to take a drink?” Beeti questioned.
	“There is another way. He might refuse the drink, he still shall not refuse Lady Elissa. If the boy will not take a drink, simply sip some of the wine yourself. Sip it, but do not swallow. It will lace your lips with enough poison to cause death in the first person who touches them. Kiss him, and your deed will be done.”
	“Are you sure that he won’t refuse me, Great One?” Beeti skeptically asked again. The Magistrate’s eyes then narrowed in certainty.
	“Should you appear in her form, he would be too smitten to refuse.”
	As Beeti conversed with this strange magic, Emily was already patrolling the hallways to see where the powerful narcotic had gone. It was a sad fact that many of the servants in homes such as this were apt to steal medicines from the family. It was dangerous, but no less uncommon.
	“Jak!” Emily called to her husband in the stables after scouring the property. She had been careful not to make open the fact that it was missing, for she knew that would probably do more home than good. “I need to know – who in these quarters would have reason to steal darclooxide?”
	“I reckon that there would be quite a lot,” Jackoby slowly started. A look of confusion overcame his expression. “But you know just as well as I do that such poisons as that are kept well out of the reach of those expected to steal them. Unless it was sitting out in the open, I don’t see how anyone here could have taken it. You need to go look back inside.”
	Emily turned away from him in frustration and began to dart, but Jackoby quickly stopped her and spun her around. He turned her toward him in concern. Their eyes met for the first time in quite a while, and for just a few seconds there was quiet.
	“Tell me what’s going on,” he begged. “We haven’t spoken since…you know. Whatever trouble you’re in, I want to help you. Now tell me what’s going on!”
	“I have to go.”
	“Wait, just wait!” He called to her, but she quickly struggled out of his tender grasp.
	“There’s no time! I promise that when this is all said and done you will know. All I can tell you know is this – if no one here took it, then someone in the house did. And that person, along with my closest friend, are in danger until I can find out what’s going on,” she told him before turning from him once again. Jackoby fell back into a pile of hay and let out a sigh. He knew that she had something grave to do, but lately he just couldn’t understand.
	“Then go,” he sighed out loud after she had run back into the house. “Go and take care of them. It’s not like I could be of any help to you.”
	Back in the house, she ran at top speed through the empty corridors in the Deveraux wing of the home. She scanned all of the hallways before making her way into Beeti’s room. Instead of seeing her asleep, the room was empty. Now she knew that something was definitely wrong. She could have given up – but now she had a feeling, an instinct that if she didn’t find Beeti soon all would be lost. Grandmamma’s eyes had been her first clue, and now she could only think of what the prince had warned her of all those days ago.
	After looking through nearly all of the living rooms in the northern wing, she made her way to the hallway that led to the grand staircase. It was the most sparsely visited region in the home, but if Beeti wasn’t anywhere else she must have been here. Four doors down, Emily could hear a faint murmuring. It grew louder and louder until she could hear a distinct voice ranting and raving above odd harmonies, whistling winds, and hushed bangs. Emily instinctually fell silent, tip-toeing through the hallway as not to make a sound. Even she could sense the dangerous evil looming around her.
	“When shall I do this?” Beeti again dreamily asked the dark powers before her. “When shall I carry out this most brilliant plan?”
	“Wait until the old woman is dead,” the Magistrate responded. Though, Emily only heard silence in its place. “Wait exactly 6 hours from the moment of death, then carry out your deed. Winston will be dead, the girl will be ours. Then the power shall remain mine, and the money shall remain yours.”
	“Yes!” She suddenly let out a wicked laugh, her eyes glazed over.
	 It was clear now that this evil which had taken root in her was not just her own – but it was also something willed into her by…something else. At this moment, Emily quietly gazed through a crack in door and witnessed Beeti in silent horror. Never before had anyone in the household seen such evil come over her. Beeti’s nature was quiet, conceited, and petty. She was jealous as her daughter was – but not…overcome by darkness like she appeared to be now. Emily was presently unaware of any of the things that the Magistrate had been saying, but Beeti’s villainous echoes were enough to give her a terrifying shock.
	“Wonderful,” the woman said. “When the old woman dies, I shall carry out the plan. Elissa will be gone, the kingdom ours. When the girl is dead, I’ll never have to worry about my life or my title ever again!”
	Emily could barely keep herself from gasping aloud. She tried to purse her lips as tightly as possible, to glue her feet to the floor as quietly and firmly as could be. Yet, the next sight that she saw was not something kept solely to Beeti’s eyes. Even though there was apparently nothing and no one else there – somehow, something could be seen on Beeti’s hands that was entirely terrifying. Emily glanced through the crack and saw that somehow, Beeti’s hands were covered in what appeared to be human blood. 
	At the sight, she ran. Remembering what the prince had said about fleeing, she searched the halls for me. If this wasn’t danger, then she wasn’t sure what was. Now she knew the truth – Beeti was planning to kill me. She didn’t know that there were others she had in mind also.
	“Elissa,” she mutedly called my name as she searched the hallway by my room. She didn’t want to draw undue attention to this, for she had no idea what was going to happen next. “Elissa!”
	She came to my door and frantically twisted the knob. Somehow, it was locked. She reached into her apron for her keys and shook as she tried to figure out which of the 110 on the hook would have been the right one. In her moment of panic, she simply couldn’t put it together. For her, finding the right key was like trying to find the right piece to a jigsaw puzzle while attempting to dodge bullets in combat. Within a few seconds, she gave up and somehow mustered enough strength to kick the door in. Even after this momentous feat of strength, when she saw the empty bed on the other side she was terrified.
	“Elissa!” She called out again as she scurried down the stairway in the servants’ quarters, far from where I was hiding. 
	She spotted Haley King in the kitchen, grabbed her by the collar and asked if I had been there. She asked one other servant, then two. Finally, she asked Jackoby in tears. No one had seen me, but they were all filled with the utmost concern. In the next two minutes she was forced to give a heated explanation to everyone in the servants’ quarters about what she had just seen. She knew that telling them all like this may not have been the wisest idea, but as of now it seemed my best hope.
	“It’s Beeti,” she first told them in tears. “I just heard her talking about doing away with the Lady! She was sitting in the room beside the staircase…perhaps alone, but it sounded like she was talking to someone. Then I looked in…and I saw it – I saw her with blood on her hands!”
	“Calm down, calm down,” Jackoby softly comforted his wife at the sight of her hyperventilation. “Now, what about Elissa? Did you see or hear anything that might indicate that she is in danger?”
	“That’s just it,” she choked. “I heard her saying…at least I think I heard her saying…that she plans to kill her as soon as Lady Abilene dies! I don’t know, perhaps she meant to kill the Lady of the House also.”
	“Don’t blubber in nonsense,” Haley remarked. “You could’ve just been hearing things.”
	“I wish it was so, perhaps it is…but you see, now I worry. I went to go find Elissa afterward…just to be sure that she was alright. Perhaps as a means of consolation – something to reaffirm that I must have only been thinking nonsense…but when I looked –” Emily’s tears came out at full-force now, and she could hardly go on. The whole room urged her to finish now, but she simply couldn’t.
	“Where is Lady Elissa?” Jackoby sternly asked. “Is she alright?”
	“No,” Emily struggled to speak. “Well, I don’t know. I went through every room in the house and…and…Lady Elissa is gone.”
	It was at this point that the servants began to bicker amongst themselves. At first some of them disagreed that this could be fact – but Jackoby looked into his wife’s eyes and knew. After two minutes of bickering, he took his wife’s hand and stood up on a plain wooden table by the door, hoisting her up to stand beside him.
	“Everyone, listen!” He shouted. “You might disagree with my wife’s account, but I know that none of you are loyalists. Whatever she’s seen or heard – Elissa is missing. We must find her, and we must warn her of whatever danger we might face. The rich don’t know the meaning of our kinship – but Elissa does! We have to find her,” he continued, “because we can’t leave one of our own.”
	“Elissa’s one of us!” Haley King shouted. She turned to the crowd of servants as well. “You know what has been done to her – and you know how Beeti’s treated us! Everyone’s been behavin’ strange lately. I wouldn’t put it past her.” 
	The crowd in the tiny room expelled into a series of cheers and unanimous uproar. There were 20, maybe 30 there. Although it was never spoken of, everyone knew that there were also many working in this house who were also rebels. They stood up and decided to send help, trying to devise a plan. Though, it proved useless and the room quickly fell back into disorder. There wasn’t one legitimate plan of action until a single voice spoke up from the doorway. A meek, shrouded figure opened the door and made her way to the front of the crowd.
	“SILENCE!” She said. She was dressed in a nun’s garb, unexpectedly standing with the servants when it would be thought that she’d be elsewhere. “Now, I haven’t been here to see what’s caused you to fall into such ruckus – but I have reason to ask you all if this would have anything to do with Lady Elissa.”
	Emily stepped down off of the table in silence, the entire room following her astonished lead. How could she have known? What was she doing here?
	“Sister Marie,” Jackoby murmured. “What are you doing here?”
	“That’s not of the matter right now. I only want to know if you are also worried about Lady Elissa!” Marie-Katherine exclaimed.
	“We are,” Jackoby told her, still standing on the table. “That is why you must tell us why you’re here.”
	“It is difficult to explain all at once, but since you must know I’ll tell you. Just a warning, though, it’s a bit hard for most to believe,” she started. “I’m here because God told me to be.”
	“Oh my…” someone murmured in disbelief from the center of the crowd. Several others joined in with the disillusioned bickering. 
	“Everyone, quiet!” Jackoby soon stomped when the crowd became rowdy. He was also skeptical, but he was willing to hear her out. “How precisely did ‘God’ tell you to come here? If you are here for Elissa, first prove your allegiance by enlightening us with your true reasons.”
	“I need not prove my allegiance to anyone but my God! I am here because I had a vision. During my evening meditations, I heard a voice calling to me that said ‘Open your eyes.’ When I did, I saw and heard the Lord telling me that Elissa was in danger. I was told in my vision to come here immediately, but not to go to the family. Then I saw a great darkness that loomed above her head and all of ours. There were other things I saw…” she hesitantly continued. “But they were nearly undecipherable to me…”
	“What other things did you see? Please, tell me,” Emily suddenly spoke up. 
	“I saw what appeared to be Beeti, sitting underneath a cloud of darkness. Her heart was set on death…her hands…” she stopped for a moment, “coated in blood.” 
	At the very word, Jackoby jumped off of the table and cornered the pious woman. He came exceptionally close to pinning her against the wall. Although she was known to be a decent woman, Jackoby was remarkably suspicious. How could she have seen such things?
	“Are you involved in this somehow?!?!” Jackoby snarled. “Tell me the truth; do you know where Elissa is? Who is behind this, and what conspirator will they use to harm us next?
	“I not am against you, Jackoby Nielsen. You know I am no loyalist,” Marie-Katherine told him in a stern but breathy statement. “I came because I saw that Elissa may have been in danger. As soon as I saw it, I had Father Joshua mount the horses and send me to the Estate. We have sensed the presence of dark magic growing for a long time – and Elissa would no doubt be in jeopardy if there is darkness here. If you fear the child to be in danger, then I suppose this vision and all of our inclinations will be proven true. I and my convent are willing to help you, but if you do not allow me to understand this then you’ll never know.”
	“Marie-Katherine is a trustworthy woman. I believe her,” Emily softly spoke up as she wove her way through the crowd. She gently pushed Jackoby aside. “Sister, I believe your vision was right. I, too saw what you saw. Now Elissa is missing. Can you help us find her?”
	“I will help you in any way I can,” Marie-Katherine solemnly replied. “Have you been sure to look for her in the manor?”
	“Yes. I looked everywhere.” Emily quietly responded.
	The entire room fell into silence. A spark of knowledge seemed to spark in Marie-Katherine’s mind. It was evident all over her face. It seemed that she must have known something – and surely enough, she did in fact know where I might have been. This nun had knowledge of the underground world that most others didn’t. If anything, she sensed that could have been the place where I was hiding.
	“Not everywhere.”




29 | Doors
	


	Underground, I began to question my reason for being there. Aurelian would give me no answers, and it felt like time was passing by at half speed. I stared into Aurelian’s eyes, cradled in a warm embrace. Something was strange about all of this. He wanted to see me – but why here? Why like this?
	“If they’re not mirrors, then what are they?” I asked him. 
	“They’re doors.” 
	There was a split second afterward in which I fully believed him. Then, my skepticism came in. I looked at the glass once again and wondered how on earth these could be windows. Windows are clear – they’re objects that you peer through. Now I could see our reflections clearly, and I was positive that these had to be mirrors.
	“Aurelian, I see mirrors, not doors.” 
	“You see that because you’re only looking with your earthly eyes,” he bluntly told me in return. “Yes – they are mirrors to you – but I’m about to show you that they are much more.”
	“Wait,” I cautiously started, “these are from your world?”
	“Not exclusively – it belongs to yours and many others. Except, very few in your world understand how these windows work.” At that moment, Aurelian quieted to a gentle whisper. He grasped my hand and led me closer to one of the mirrors. “They are portals to other worlds.”
	“Impossible,” I muttered.
	“Elissa,” Aurelian whispered to me, brushing a strand of hair from my face. “It is possible. The world I come from and many others are ones of untold magic.”
	As was so common between us, I fell into immediate silence. We both stood in front of one of the mirror-like objects, and the closer we got the more eerie we felt. Was he trying to lure me somewhere? Did he want to show me something? When we got close enough to the glass, Aurelian put my hand in his. He gently moved them both onto what I thought would be the hard surface of a mirror; but when I touched it, our hands went straight through. The surface wasn’t like glass at all – it was like water. It was a strange and terrifying sensation accompanied with the feeling I had that Aurelian was about to take me and push me through. I pulled my hand back in terror.
	“What was that?!?!” I yelped. 
	“It’s a door to another world,” he whispered as he clung to me. “Not my world, that’s not safe right now. Perhaps this wasn’t such a good idea…I’m so sorry that I scared you – I just wanted to show you what I meant. I wanted to show you and perhaps even…take you somewhere.”
	As soon as he uttered the last three words in his sentence, I knew that the prince regretted it. Even though he’d been brought up to command armies, his strategy with me wasn’t so perfect. I got the sense that he felt like he had just been caught in the middle of some sort of dark or foolish action. Still, I wiped the thought from my mind that it could have been anything evil. I knew that Aurelian was trustworthy at heart. However, that didn’t make me any less angry.
	“You wanted to…take me there? Why are you trying to steal me away?” I suppose he must have interpreted that as doubt about his goodness on my part, because I could almost sense the hurt in his eyes. Instead of answering, he touched my face. 
	“You fell,” he remarked. “And now you’re bleeding.”
	“Yes, it’s just a little scratch. Please tell me why I’m here!”
	“I have many reasons. But before I tell you, I want to show you something.”
	At that moment, my conflict temporarily paused itself. Aurelian suddenly brushed a hand over my face. He gently pressed his finger onto my injury. It stung with pain for a moment, the blood still leeching out of it onto his fingers. Then, I felt a small jolt. It was a burst of warmth, maybe even an electric shock. All I know is that afterward, I couldn’t taste the blood anymore. The burning was gone. In a wave of confusion, I looked across the room at a tall “mirror” stationed against the wall, and now I could actually see my once-void reflection in its glass. The reflection didn’t lie – my injury had been healed.
	“Oh, my –” I started in amazement, forgetting my inquisitions. “You…you…”
	“Yes. I fixed it. That’s something else that I wanted to show you – I mean, I also wouldn’t stand to see you suffer. But, if you’re forced to know me I thought it would be fair for you to see who I really am.”
	I stood speechlessly for a few seconds. What could all of this mean? Why was there a sour feeling in my stomach beginning to suddenly come back? I wanted to ask these things, but my inquisitiveness was temporarily numbed. I can’t really explain it – but despite being faced with a subject deterrent so magnificent I felt completely awful inside. 
	“So, this is your gift,” I muttered as I stared at my reflection in shock.
	“Yes, one of them.”
	“So, there are more?” I asked. “I know I’ve seen some of your powers before. How many are there – are there very many?”
	“Yes, though not all of them are as strong. My people are born with talents…we almost all have special abilities, but there’s always one that’s heightened above all the others. Sometimes two that are equally as strong. Mine is the rarest and little understood ability of all.” 
	“So then that means that you have the power…to heal?” There was silence on both ends. I couldn’t tell if he was refusing an answer or just waiting for me to figure out that I had already answered my own question. “Do you use it often?”
	“No,” he later spoke up. “It’s actually something I haven’t done in quite a while...not since I was a child.”
	“Why not?”
	“I’ve had no one in my life to heal.”
	After that, Aurelian didn’t say a word. I sensed his vulnerability. Then, I realized it. I was the first person in a very long time – maybe even a lifetime – who trusted him as he was. I already knew that Aurelian was here under impossible circumstances, yet I also sensed that there must have been something in his life that kept him from believing he could be good. He was trying to prove to me that despite all of the darkness I’d later realize that he’d been running from – there was good in him. 	
	“You’ve been alone all this time, haven’t you?” I softly told him, realizing what meaning this act must have had. My next words caused astonishment. “I don’t need reassurance of your goodness. No matter what your powers are, I’ve always known that.” 
	“You are a remarkable young woman,” he told me in an almost-speechless daze.
	“And you are a most unexpected prince!” I flashed a slight smile. Then, it suddenly occurred to me that I still didn’t know what I was here. The sentimentality of this all took a sour turn, and I looked at him in utter seriousness. “Now, tell me. Why am I here?”
	I knew that he was omitting something. After a few moments, my patience was dwindling. I pulled away from him and looked him in the eyes, repeating myself.
	“Why am I here?”
	He still didn’t say a word – now acting almost as if he was waiting for something. I opened my mouth to angrily ask him one more time when I was suddenly halted by the loud screeching of the two massive doors opening from the hallway. 
	“That’s why.”
	Emily and Sister Marie-Katherine stood cloaked in black before us. Emily was especially distressed. Covered in sweat, she looked as if she had seen a ghost. They slowly approached us, almost as if they were uncertain that we were truly there. After a few steps, Emily threw everything else aside and ran to us.
	“Elissa, I’ve been looking for you all night!” She cried. “Do you know what time it is?”
	“No,” I softly replied, still tight in the prince’s arms. Marie-Katherine spoke next.
	“This part of the underground has a certain effect on that portion of the mind…so do not be alarmed at what I say next.” The woman took a momentary pause. “You’ve been missing for over 12 hours.”
	I untangled myself from Aurelian’s grasp, backing away from them all as slowly as I could. This wasn’t right. It absolutely wasn’t right! How could either of them have found us? And…what did Marie-Katherine have to do with this? I backed away from the crowd, ready to stand on my own this time. 
	“All of you – I don’t care. Each of you had better tell me exactly what is going on, right now!” I shouted.  
	“Well…there’s really no good way to explain it. I promise that neither Emily nor I came down here with the awareness that you were with…the prince,” Marie-Katherine paused for a moment. “Emily told me about everything on the way down – not to betray you, but because we thought that you might have been dead.”
	“Dead?” I echoed. Aurelian quickly came to me and tried to hold my hands, but I pulled away. Despite my resistance, he spoke up anyway.
	“Elissa…” he began. “I know that it might be hard to understand, but as powerless a prince I am in your world, I foresaw this very moment. That’s why I called you here. That’s why I tried to convince you to come with me. I sensed the danger that you were in…and I knew that now was the time. I only want to protect you.”
	It didn’t matter what was being said, this was becoming more obscure and confusing than my journey down here. I had known that Aurelian wanted to keep me safe, but this seemed to be a different matter from what we had agreed on when we decided to fight together in our presently non-existent war. There was something that Aurelian still had refrained from telling me. I knew it, I felt it! I could see that he was struggling to say something…but the other women spoke up before he could say it.
	“I don’t know what’s gone on down here, but there’s something in the world above that puts you in great danger. Graver danger than you were in at any point in time before,” Marie-Katherine told me. Her statement was followed by a long silence.
	“Elissa…your grandmother is nearly breathing her last. Since you left, the entire family has started saying their final goodbyes,” Emily started. My heart dropped. 
	“Then take me back! Don’t let me stay here another moment!” I rashly exclaimed, tears beginning to crawl down my cheeks at the thought.
	“That’s just it…I can’t,” Emily sobbed. She quieted, her voice cracking. “Because as soon as she dies, Beeti is going to kill you!”
	 Emily neared me, trying to put a hand on my shoulder in emotional despair. Though, in the shock of the moment I could only back away. I backed away slowly, distancing myself from them all as much as I could. They must have been crazy, or maybe I was crazy. In all of my confusion, I continued to back away from them until I was dangerously close to falling backwards into one of the mirrors.
	 Before I could even comprehend what was going on, I tripped and began what would have been a backwards descent into another world. Not bearing to lose me, the love-sick Aurelian rushed to catch me with superhuman speed. He caught and gently lifted me away from the portal just as I was about to fall through When it was over, I was in his arms gasping for breath. The human part of me wanted to become so frantic that my heart would simply give out, but for some reason I looked into his eyes and found myself feeling oddly calmed. Everyone in the room but the prince fell into silence.
	“I know it’s hard to understand,” he whispered to me. “But I can’t lose you. That’s why I called you here. Sometimes, I see things that are going to happen here in the near future. Not far into the future…just the near future. The night before, I had a dream. I saw darkness at work, and I knew I had to protect you from it.”
	When he spoke of the dream, Marie-Katherine looked at the prince in awe. Now she was certain that her vision was no miniscule thing. The prince took me and carried me just a little ways, much like the way a husband carries his wife over the thresh-hold. It was simply because he had become so caught up in all of this that he had forgotten to put me down. Once he realized what he was doing, he put me down gently. It was then that Sister Marie-Katherine spoke up.
	“Your Highness, I had a vision much like your own. That’s the reason why I knew to come looking here,” she said in astonishment. All of our jaws nearly dropped. After a few more moments of wasted silence, the Sister directed her attention to me again. “We must get you away from here somehow…the things that Emily heard Beeti saying and saw her doing are no trivial matter. She is armed with poison and is out for your blood.”
	“The servants have already made a plan to smuggle you to the Desert Country. If you come with us now, perhaps there is time…” Emily exclaimed, grabbing me by the hand. Though, I quickly pulled it away.
	“No,” I bluntly told her. Everyone in the room suddenly looked at me as if I was completely insane.
	“Elissa…there are more people than just your aunt who want your blood on their hands,” Aurelian insisted. “It would be safest to leave now.”
	Wait, wait! Now it felt like they had all made up their minds about where I was going, whether I agreed or not. I had been dragged down here, confused, angered, and practically hypnotized! Somehow, I had gone through all of that and no one would still fully explain what was going on. I understand how sweet the notion is of simply blindly trusting someone – but at the moment I was beginning to boil from the inside out.
	All I could think of now was how angry I was and how terrible it would be to miss saying goodbye to my grandmother. Of course it made every logical bit of sense in the world that Beeti would have it out for me – I was also understandably angry that all of this had to be decided now. It might not have been rational, and in the end it wasn’t a very smart decision. But, I was compelled by love to make it; compelled by love and anger. This time, I was compelled by love to stay until the very last moment. The consequences of remaining didn’t seem nearly as painful as leaving without saying goodbye. 
	“I won’t be a coward,” I hotly declared. “I’m not leaving. Where would I go to get away from this? Another world?” I quizzically looked at Aurelian through my tears. “Please, just take me back to see my grandmother one last time. The moment that she’s gone, you can take me and protect me however you need to. But this is MY decision! I will stay until the very last moment, and I will tell my grandmother goodbye!”
	Once I had affirmed my stubbornness, the room became quiet. It was clear that I might not have been in a perfectly balanced mental state. All of this had simply been too much, it’s true! But, I still wasn’t going to let any of these people – allies or not – make my decisions for me. Now I wish I had been more trusting, but there’s nothing that can be changed now. Wanting only to be a help to me, Aurelian tenderly but reluctantly looked me in the eyes and spoke to me.
	“Elissa…I’m sorry. There’s obviously nothing that can change your mind now…and I cannot force you to come with me. But, do you trust me?”
	“What do you mean?” I suddenly posed.
	“Do you trust me?” He asked again.
	I thought about it long and hard, and in doing so my anger began to wash away. I still didn’t feel pleasant, but I couldn’t deny what I was feeling at this moment. I had to tell him what I knew was true. At the same time, I didn’t know if I could do this with the other two in the room. There was a fiery notion that jumped across my heart, one that caused me to begin to make sense of this all for the very first time since I’d been here. 
	It was a question that required an answer, an answer that required privacy. The prince and I must have been sharing the same thoughts, because at the exact same moment we spoke up together and asked something along the lines of: “Could we have a moment alone?” Though the moment was intense, the woman agreed to leave the room momentarily. Once they did, Aurelian and I found ourselves standing close once again. I didn’t speak, deep in thought. All the while, it looked like the prince was waiting for something. Simply waiting.
	“Yes, I trust you,” I soon told him in return.
	“Then trust that I will protect you.”
	I could sense that there was something that Aurelian had been holding back all this time, but I had not been able to say exactly what it was. Now I knew that he was ready to say it – and suddenly, there was clarity! My heart could sense that Aurelian needed to tell me something that he had been holding back for a long while. I braced myself for the moment that the truth would come, but I still couldn’t let it be said without asking him the question that I thought would make sense of this all. 
	“Why do you want to protect me? This goes beyond obligation or even something fueled by remorse. You’ve been hiding something from me all along, and I need to know what it is!”
	First he hesitated…but when he looked at me he was filled with so much pain that he couldn’t hold back	. We might very possibly die in these next few days, so he might as well have told me now. His head neared toward mine as if he were about to give me a kiss. He began talking to me in a low voice, in a soft, gentle whisper.
	“Elissa….you’re right. There’s something I’ve been hiding from you for a very long time. I haven’t been honest with you, and I’m sorry. But, I can’t keep on playing this game anymore. I’ve been alone for far too long, selfish and cowardly as I’ve run away from my old life. Now, I have something else to live for,” he beckoned. “I’ve known who you were from the first moment I saw you in the garden – I’d seen you before then…but only in my dreams. I’ve tried to deny it over and over again…but Elissa, I can’t deny it anymore. I love you.”
	I felt my body tremble in pure emotion when I heard the words. I’d known it all of this time within the depths of my heart, but the constant denial of the truth had caused me to go mad on the inside. Now I finally knew it, I had heard it with my ears. The tears that had been pouring down my cheeks were no longer those of confusion or sadness; but joy. I let the moment fall into one more blanket of silence before I spoke up as well.
	“And I’ve always loved you.”
	At that moment, we both fell into each other’s embrace and exchanged a tender kiss. We went in a second time, slowly and passionately. Things suddenly made sense, the world seemed hostile, but our hearts felt right. Of course the skeptical part of me would normally question whether or not this was sane or rational – but it was beyond numbed. My skepticism was overpowered, because nothing in my brain could argue with the rarity and purity that was this true love. A few seconds later, I was level-headed and the prince was dazed.
	“I understand now,” I said. “We’re in this together. I have to remember that apart we have nothing to gain…but together we have nothing to lose. I will go with you wherever it is that we need to go. But you have to let tell my grandmother goodbye.”
	“Of course,” he told me, apparently concerned for me in a deeper way than I could sense before. He knew that this might not be a wise decision, but he respected and cared for me enough to let this be my choice. “Go to her, and then we will plan from there. I promise that as long as I’m alive, I will always love you. And as long as I love you, I’ll never be far away.”




30 | Kiss of Death



	Emily and I carefully tiptoed back into the house that night. Going home was the most dreamlike experience at all. Even after all I’d seen, after returning to the house we all had to act as if nothing happened. When I found my own bed, mortal exhaustion quickly caught up with me and caused me to sleep the entire day afterward. Emily told the ladies of the house that it was because I had fallen violently ill.
	“Wake up, wake up!” I heard a voice calling me several hours later, shaking me awake like a rag doll in an insane asylum. When I opened my eyes I saw Aunt Wren hovering over me with a look of distress on her expression.
	“What time is it?” I groggily asked.
	“It’s time to get up!” She hastily told me, pulling me out of bed without regard for how tired I must have been. At first I didn’t understand it and was even a little put off.
	“Please, just let me sleep!” I pleaded, not understanding what was truly going on.
	“You don’t understand, Elissa,” Wren rushed. “I know you may be sick, but you must come and see Grandmamma now.”
	As soon as she said it, I knew. As tired as I was, I rushed out of bed and ran out the door and into the hallway before Wren could even make her way into the maze outside of my room. Halfway to Grandmamma’s room, a crowd of servants and clergy were gathered, pacing up and down the hallway. This time I used my small frame to my advantage, weaving my way through the immovable gathering and shoving through the door. My lungs expelled a breath of bittersweet relief when I saw what sat on the other side.
	“You’re just in time,” Emily told me softly, sitting at Grandmamma’s bedside. “She’s been waiting for you.”
	Grandmamma was wide awake, though she was dismally frozen in her bed. When she saw me, her weak facial muscles moved into a smile. At that moment, Wren came back in through the door and knelt at her mother’s bedside, giving her a tender kiss on the forehead. All the while, Beeti was nowhere in sight. Amidst the bombardment of people of all kinds coming in and out of the room, Grandmamma did something amazing. Even though she hadn’t said anything in days, she opened her mouth and spoke up in the clearest, most pristine speech.
	“Wren darling, I have had many moments alone with you. Now I wish to speak alone for a time with my dearest Elissa,” she expressed to my amazement. Wren nodded in agreement with her mother’s wish. She got up and began to herd the crowd from the room, but Grandmamma quickly displayed an untold amount of strength as she grabbed her hand to stop her. “Wren, you are such a precious daughter of mine. Never give up your kind nature or free spirit. I love you.”
	Tears came down Wren’s face as she said it. Now I was certain about what this meant. Though, it didn’t seem right! If this was a last goodbye – how could Grandmamma suddenly have the strength to smile…to speak…to grasp a hand? It didn’t make sense, but I didn’t question it. Soon all of the other souls had left the room, and for the first time in quite a while it was just the two of us.
	“Grandmamma,” I softly murmured, feeling myself begin to sob. 
	“Child, don’t cry,” she soothed. “I wanted to tell you something. I cannot tell you if you’re in tears.”
	In reverence of the event which was knocking on our door, I fell silent and collected myself. I used my sleeve to wipe the tears from my still half-awake face and swallowed all of the rest that I had been ready to cry up. Grandmamma told me to come closer, and then when I slouched she begged that I sit with posture. I did everything I was told, savoring every moment as if it was the absolute last.
	“Now…I must tell you something,” Grandmamma told me. “I know much more about what has gone on than you know. Not just in the recent, but in the past as well. It is today that God has given me the strength to tell you, which is why I know that today is my last.”
	“Don’t say that Grandmamma! You are gaining strength, see? You could become well –”
	“Oh, hush! I am an old woman. My bones are breaking, my joints aching…my lungs practically invalid for all but this moment! My time is approaching and you mustn’t argue! I’ve lived a long time as the matriarch of this family, and now it is time that I passed that on to you.”
	At her last word, I shuddered. My mind whirled as I remembered what the Magistrate had told me. I remembered all of the danger I was in, past and present. The title of heiress wasn’t mine. It was Beeti’s! 
	“No,” I stammered. “Beeti will inherit the Estate. I will not take it!”
	“Elissa! You mustn’t say that. That is not what I meant. I know what the Magistrate has threatened you. Do not worry – for all will be well with you in the end.” She told me, my eyes bugging out of my head with each passing word. How on earth could she have known? Now I was questioning whether or not this was honestly my grandmother speaking.
	“How could you possibly know what went on between us?” I asked, completely stunned.
	“Elissa…I am close to death. I see many things that those in their youth cannot. In my years of living I have also been given a special promise…a gift. In my youth God revealed something to me that I must now tell you. I made an oath that I would not tell a soul of it until I was positive that I had seen his promise begin to be fulfilled.”
	“Gift?” I meekly echoed in confusion.
	“It is a spiritual gift, Elissa. It is part of who I am, and one of its fruits is a part of who you are as well. The gift I have been given has been strengthened with age, as will yours. Only, you are destined to do so many great things with it that it will go on forever.”
 	“Grandmamma, I don’t understand –”
	“If only you listened with your heart, then you would!” She hastily interrupted. “My gift is wisdom. Yours is strength. It is a strength that comes with stubbornness and devotion, one of the most endearing gifts of all.” Grandmamma used what little strength she had to lift her bony hand and use it to softly brush my cheek. “The Magistrate will not be able to harm any of the goodness inside of you. He will try, but he will not succeed. Because you are destined to defeat him.”
	Now I was at a loss for words. Was my grandmother truly telling me something groundbreaking, or was she just senile? I wanted to question it openly, but I hesitated. All I could do now was dwindle in the silence. After a few moments, Grandmamma said something else that completely caught me off guard.
	“Your prince, he is here. I can see that he is waiting for you.”
	At that moment, my heart stopped. Unless, someone had broken our sacred truce, there was no way that she could have known. But, I could feel something in my spirit that told me that Grandmamma’s knowledge came from something much deeper than I could comprehend. She could see him somewhere- truly see him! The tears began to come down my cheeks uncontrollably now.
	“Grandmamma, how could you know?” I sobbed, “How?”
	“It was revealed to me long ago that our worlds would come together again, and now what was promised is coming true. But, after I am gone you mustn’t haste. Do what you must do. Darkness will not cease its attempts to blind you, so always be wary. You have good inside of you which will surely defeat it.”
	 After that, there was a period of complete silence. I could suddenly see Grandmamma’s wakeful strength and alertness begin to fade from what it had been just moments ago. It was as if she had said what she needed to say, and now her time here was done. Her eyes became dazed, her skin even more pale than it had been. After a few minutes, she spoke up again. Only this time, it was a weak, breathy kind of speech. 
	“It’s time,” she said, her eyes now wide open and gazing. “I see it – I see the Plateau of the Unknown approaching. I see my mother…my daughter…I see the Christ.”
	“No, no! Please, not yet! At least tell me what you know will happen –” I shook, realizing the uncontrollable thing which was happening before my eyes. 
	I called out to her over and over again, but it was no use. After her final word, the air crept out of her lungs and she was gone. I broke down and wept. The only woman who had still loved me, sheltered me, encouraged and protected me was gone. At the moment it felt as if I had lost my mother all over again, but in a different way. It was a terrible, empty feeling. After a few minutes of wet sobbing, I got up and cracked the door open to the hallway. 
	Everyone had been standing there in silent suspense, and when they saw my face they rushed back into the room in a frantic chaos. I took my nimble frame once again and wove the opposite way through the crowd, silently and tearfully making my way back into my room where I slammed the door behind me and locked it shut. I fell onto my knees on the floor beside my bed, kneeling as if I was once again a small child saying her nighttime prayers. Almost involuntarily, my head fell onto the mattress and I wept. Not more than a few seconds in I felt a gentle warmth touch my shoulders. 
	“It’s time,” a familiar voice softly but soberly whispered.
	 Before I even turned my head, I knew who it was. I took his hand and stood up. As bitter as I could have been, I remembered what I said and what I had promised. I also remembered – painfully – what Grandmamma had just warned me. I had to do as I promised. If things would happen as it was said they would, I had to go with him. I had nothing to lose, yet at the same time I had absolutely everything to lose. Quickly, I gave him a tearful nod and agreed.
	“Alright,” I meekly said. “I will go with you now.”
	“Good. You have an hour to ready yourself. I will be watching you from a distance for the time just in case you come across danger before I might be with you,” he instructed. “Ready your things, and bring a warm cloak. Then, I will meet you in the maze of windows.”
	“Wait,” I quizzed him. “Why should we meet there? I thought we were going to go to the Desert Country?”
	My question caused him to quiet, maybe even shudder. He looked me in the eyes with the utmost graveness before he began to speak again.
	“A journey to the Desert Country is risky. It is long and tiresome because it would come at human hands. And even if it seems beyond the reach of your pursuers, they might still find you,” he explained.
	“But you told Emily to take me there!”
	“Elissa, I only wanted you to go there as a last resort…if I was somehow unable to protect you anymore…I’m sorry that I failed to make it clear – but in order to ensure your safety I must take us to a place where we both might not be reached by our pursuers,” he told me. 
	I quieted in uncertainty. He didn’t need to say anymore – I understood what he was saying. Once again, I felt as if he was proceeding to step over my judgment. At the same time, in the shock of the last few minutes I didn’t think that I could argue over this. If we were going to flee together, I knew that this was the moment. I couldn’t run from it anymore. I thought that fighting with this would be cowardly, that refusing to go along with him one more second would mean that I was running from the truth. Yet, perhaps it wasn’t that I wanted to run.
 	Perhaps it was that I didn’t want to forfeit the battle that had just begun.
	At the moment, I only nodded and agreed to meet him within two hours time at most. I resolved to let Emily know somehow, and amidst the chaos in the other hallway I was able to remove her long enough to tell her what had happened. She quickly helped ready me for my descent, having been prepared for this moment ever since last night. Although, she was still entirely anxious over it as death seems to take everyone by surprise. 
	“Here miss, you need your cape. The prince said you would need it,” Emily told me. In her hands she held a blue velvet cape, draping it over my head as our last action before leaving. 
	As she did it, I found a small moment of happiness as I was reminded of the color. It was blue. In all of those precious, misunderstood moments that I’d first met him – I was always wearing blue. Perhaps today the color might bring me some sort of luck. As much of a skeptic as I still tried to be, I knew that now I needed as much luck as I could get.
	While Emily and I prepared for my journey away from here, this death was Beeti’s signal to begin carrying out her plan. She secretly watched me, scanning the hallways for that hour until she saw that I was gone. The moment that Emily and I discreetly began our descent, Beeti came by my room and tested it to make sure I was vacant. When she saw that I was, she hurried to find seclusion in the dark room beside the staircase.
	 There she sat down with her candle, going over the same series of enchantments that she had before. The mirror-like portal appeared for her in the air, giving her a means to alert the Magistrate to send Winston. A true sign of the nature of the darkness which they were serving, it seemed that the Magistrate had already begun to put this plan into motion beforehand.
	“I have already sent my nephew to the Estate,” the darkness spoke through the mirror. “He will arrive six hours from now to ‘console’ you. Seduce him. You understand what must be done after that.”
At that moment, the Magistrate – or whatever possessed him – began releasing a sort of magic into the room. Beeti stood up and was surrounded by it. The magic turned into a cloud, one that was at first as black as a roaring thunderhead. It engulfed her entire being and temporarily stopped time as it metamorphose itself into a deceitfully golden, sparkling aurora. When it dissipated, the only traces left of the cloud was a mound of sparkling black dust. 
	The Magistrate looked at Beeti triumphantly. He presented Beeti with an actual mirror, to which she saw herself reflected in a way that caused utter amazement. She studied her reflection over and over again, touching her new youthful face in awe. She opened her mouth and was also astounded by the sound of her new voice. The resemblance was absolutely uncanny…so much so that at first Beeti had to revisit the space behind herself just to make sure that I wasn’t standing right behind her. Oh, this magic had worked alright – and now Beeti looked and sounded just like me.
	Now bearing my face, the Magistrate bid Beeti goodbye and sent her to do her duty. She smirked, clutching the poison in her apron pocket eagerly as she awaited the victory which would come in a few hours time. Just to test this magic one last time – to make sure that it wasn’t simply a figment of her mind – she went into the busy corridor outside of Grandmamma’s room and appeared to the servants in what she hoped to be my form.
	“You there,” she snapped to the first servant she saw in the hallway. It was a Jackoby, having just emerged from Grandmamma’s room after having paid his final respects. Beeti eyed him venomously. “What business do you have in there? You’re a 12th caste servant who should be working in the stables!”
	Having known me as someone who was kind to him – perhaps even a friend – hearing these unkind words come from what appeared to be my mouth was jolting. It might have hurt him, perhaps even to the point that he regretted having helped me so many times. However, he was only a servant. Despite his surprise, he held everything else in but a few cordial words that seemed to respect his place in society.
	“Yes, Lady Elissa. I deeply apologize…I was only paying my final respects to the Lady.” 
	Upon hearing my name directed at her, Beeti could only smile. This mask of deceit was not only to fool her eyes, but everyone’s. You would think that after all that the woman did to our lives that I’d have reason to hate her, but looking at it now I only see it as reason to pity her. If it hadn’t been true beforehand, it was certainly true now that the darkness had overcome Beeti beyond the point that she was even its tool anymore. But, it was still her doing. She had allowed it to, she had wanted it. And the darkness always takes those who desire it most. 
	Winston came to the Estate just as the Magistrate had said he would. Now it was time for the destruction to begin. The moment he arrived at the Estate, Beeti put on another mask; the mask of a grieving granddaughter.
	“Elissa,” Winston whispered to her after jumping out of the carriage and running straight to the person that he believed was me. He came in close to her, cordially but lovingly taking her into his embrace. “I came as soon as my uncle told me.  I’m sorry that I left you before, but now I promise that I shall never leave you in your time of need again. Not until the moment you send me away.”
	She went along with every word, not quite understanding that my normal demeanor was almost always opposed to Winston. Even though it didn’t seem like me, Winston was pleasantly surprised that I was suddenly taking to his courtship so well. Beeti opened her mouth, knowing that Winston would hang on to her every word.
 	“I would never send you away, my darling fiancé. Not now. Come into the house and get settled. Then we might converse a little…perhaps your company might help me to forget the plight of these last few hours…” She told him softly, working her way into a slight sob. 
	Wishing to console me as best he could, Winston promised a hasty return to my side and sent his servants in to work with ours and prepare his room. That night, no one had dinner at our communal table. I was presently missing, Grandmamma was gone, and Wren only wanted to be alone. That made it the perfect time to lure Winston in for a drink.
	“Oh Winston…everyone in the family is too grieved to eat or drink together tonight. I was hoping that perhaps you might join me for a glass of wine…to help us forget our sorrows.”
	It was an offer that Winston knew he had better refuse on account of his morale, but when he took a look at the person that stood before him he thought again. She was dressed in an alluringly beautiful dress; her hair unbound in loose, wildly cascading curls. The dress was black, the color of death – yet, it was too suggestive for mourning attire. As decent a man as Winston was, he couldn’t resist it. Now he was subject to Beeti’s whim. 
	“Of course, of course…” he shakily accepted the offer. He was half dressed himself – only clad in a pair of trousers and his undershirt – but he didn’t wait. He followed Beeti’s every step to the room across from mine. She took him in and locked the door behind her.
	“It’s more private here,” she cooed. “No one will think to disturb us.” 
	Winston nodded and sat down on a loveseat in the corner of the room. Beeti walked to a table on the other end that displayed two wine glasses that were already filled to the brim. She turned her back to him and pulled the vial of poison from her corset. The moment was finally here, and she had to snatch it up as quickly as she could. At this very moment she held the tonic in her hands that would rid the world of Winston and therefore give it a reason to painfully, openly and acceptingly rid itself of me.
	“You will love the wine, it’s foreign,” Beeti told Winston, her back still turned to him as she began to inch the vial of poison toward the drink. “It was a gift to Grandmamma long ago…she wouldn’t want us to waste it.”
	The poison was just a few millimeters away from entering the drink now. If she gave it one small tilt or nudge it would surely come out and contaminate the entire glass. Yet, for just a moment after that she actually stopped herself. Something in her caused her to hesitate. Was it a small bit of her old self beginning to come back again? A bit of conscience - a small glimmer of hope that she wasn’t all lost? That is something that no one will ever know, because in the next breath she took the vial and shamelessly poured it in. 
	The red wine fizzed and turned black upon entry. After a few moments the fizzing stopped and the wine returned to its normal color. The liquid resumed its quiet, seemingly harmless state as if nothing had touched it. Once it returned to its deep red hue, Beeti was careful to place the poisoned glass in her right hand while carrying the other in her left. 
	She quickly turned around and made her way to the loveseat, gracefully handing Winston the glass. Though, much to Beeti’s dissatisfaction Winston refused it at first. Not wanting to raise alarm in him, Beeti resorted to luring a sip out of him with even more seduction.
	“Winston, why must you refuse to taste such wonderful wine?” Beeti implored him using the taunt of my own beseeching eyes. 
	“Why rush? I desire to enjoy your company in good judgment, not while I’m impaired,” Winston nervously told her, clearly beginning to second-think his decision in lieu of scandal.
	“One sip won’t impair you…” Beeti trailed off, using my voice to mimic one of my most little-used but enticing tones. She took another sip of the clean wine, but Winston wouldn’t budge.
	“You’re grieving, Elissa. You’re not thinking things through. I’ve seen many people like you revert to wine in times like this and it’s not as comforting as you might believe –”
	“Comfort?” She interrupted, inching her way closer and closer to Winston. “I do not seek comfort from the wine…I seek comfort from you.”
	At that moment, she grabbed him and gave him a passionate kiss. When she pulled away at the end, Winston was clay in her hands. She knew that now he would do anything that she asked – yet, she still remembered what she’d come for. Killing him with a sip of wine seemed far too easy now. No, she was going to take this a step further. 
	Cloaked by my face, Beeti realized that she presently held the power to achieve all that she’d ever wanted. It was a thrilling feeling, one that she loved. That was when she affirmed that a simple drink wouldn’t do. No. She took a sip of Winston’s drink – careful not to swallow – and laced her lips with poison. She invaded Winston’s space for the last time, placing upon his lips a kiss that was the essence of death itself.
	“Oh, Elissa…I love you,” Winston dazedly said once they had parted. Within a second the man was slipping away, his senses heightened by the poison at first touch. Beeti knew that the end couldn’t be far off. She pulled herself off of the dying duke and glared.
	“I’m not who you think I am,” she coolly announced.
	“Then who are you?” The fading man asked in reply.
	After that, the poison’s effects came on full-force. Winston’s skin became pale, his eyes glazed and limbs stiff. When the pain came, Winston couldn’t even scream. By then, he was so disconnected from himself that he couldn’t form a sound. The rest of his death need not be detailed here, for it’s enough to give even the strongest man a nightmare.
	 The entire ordeal lasted only but a few minutes, at the end of which Beeti had grown in triumphant esteem of her power to the highest reaches of pride. Feeling the need to exercise her might and poison this encounter with an act of true revenge, in the very end Beeti knelt down at Winston’s side and spitefully whispered to him.
	“Winston…I am not the true object of your wholly unrequited love. I am merely an instrument of your uncle and the darkness inhabiting him. You were foolish to have fallen into this trap; but you were even more foolish to challenge his power.” 
	Even without his right mind, Winston was still awake enough to understand. His tormented face was immediately filled with the most painful kind of betrayal. Then, the life left him. Beeti stood up. The task was nearly finished now. She grabbed the empty vial of poison, unlocked the door and went back into the hallway. 
	Once she reached the other side, Beeti discreetly found my door. She cracked it open and immediately stuffed the vial into one of my drawers. It’s finished, she consoled herself at the dark deed’s completion. An instant cascade of relief followed. Soon, Beeti would have everything she desired. 
	All that could be waited for now was for someone to find the body.




31 | The Flight



	We paced down a stairwell that was eerily quiet. Except for the ambience of water dripping onto stone, all I could hear was the sound of Emily’s trembling. It was obvious that she was terrified of this place. I wasn’t all too comfortable down here, either. The awareness that this might be the last time we saw each other was the only thing that kept us from voicing our complaints.
	“Emily, it’s alright to say you’re afraid. I’m still here!” I grabbed her free hand, partially to comfort her and partially to comfort myself. She continued clutching our only guiding light – a torch – in the other.
	“It’s so dark in here,” Emily shivered. 
	“You know what makes me feel better when I’m in the dark sometimes?” I attempted to ask her in a more cheery tone. “I sing.” 
	“Of course you do,” Emily dimly smiled back. 
	“Come now – don’t you remember when we sang together? When we ran from Beeti and escaped to my room?” I asked. Suddenly, Emily couldn’t help but to smile.
	“Oh yes! It was as if we were children again,” she laughed. “What song did we sing again?”
	“You know, I almost can’t remember,” I fumbled in response, contemplating. “It was from a fairy tale…perhaps it was that one about –”
	“The prince!” We both said at once, immediately stopping where we were to laugh.
	“How did it go again? Oh, it’s been so long! Oh yes, I remember now!” She immediately started singing. Not long after that I joined in myself.

“In folly he thought he came, only to bring her rain
But the love was within wrapped up in the skin
That she’d see to be him all the same”

	I started singing with her during the second line of the song, but then something halted me. I don’t know what it was or why it had to happen then – but my mind suddenly flashed back to the moment that Emily and I sung this song together all those months ago, then back even further to a time when Mother would sing them to me as a child. The memories that flooded my vision all pointed to one thing: the meaning of the story. Thinking about it, I could hardly decipher the eerie feeling it gave me.
	“It’s a bit ironic,” Emily spoke up at the end of the song, apparently trying to lighten up the moment. “We’ve found our own prince in disguise, haven’t we?”
	“Yes, we have…” I told her uncertainly in return. As hard as I tried to send it somewhere else, the feeling refused to go away. Soon, we reached the bottom. It was time to find the hall of mirrors, but at that moment we couldn’t control ourselves. We stopped where we were and started sobbing.
	“I guess that this is the end,” she said. “I’m afraid we won’t be able to see each other much longer after this.”	
	“Don’t say that,” I weakly told her in return. I wanted to argue with her, but I couldn’t. “You are the best friend I could have ever asked for. I will remember you until the end. Besides,” I stopped to sniffle for just a moment before trying to smile and carry on. “The journey isn’t over yet.”
	“You’re right. I’m getting too far ahead of myself in saying goodbye. I promise I’ll stay here with you to the very end.” Emily told me, holding back her tears and giving me her solemn oath by crossing her heart like a child. After that she lowered her volume to a whisper. “Sisters stay together.”
	Emily and I were almost at the corridor now, dreading the moment that I would have to leave. Even though I trusted Aurelian, I was still apprehensive about running away like this. Could this really be the answer? Running away instead of facing my problems? I knew that it was a dead end – because it was evident that once I started running, I’d never stop. Aurelian hadn’t. And this was his idea, not mine. Before I could think of anything else, a pair of warm arms encircled me.
	“Are you ready?” Aurelian whispered. The look I replied with screamed everything but certainty. Of course, I’m sure he expected it. “I have the door open for us just long enough to step through, but first I want to explain something to you.”
	Right then, Emily turned around and began to walk away. She hung her head low and choked on a flood of tears as she started back into the manor. It seemed like this was the last – but I didn’t want it to be. Emily was my sister now, and I couldn’t stand the thought of leaving without a real goodbye.
	“Wait!” I called out, running in Emily’s direction and throwing my arms around her in a warm, bittersweet hug. The tears freely flowing, I whispered to her one last time. “Goodbye.”
	“Goodbye, sister,” she sobbed in return.
	We let go, having to pry our limbs away from each other. For a few moments we stayed there, contemplating if there was anything else to do or say that would make this easier. There wasn’t.  We’d said our goodbyes and it was over now. With that, Emily quietly turned away from me and disappeared to the surface world.
	Aurelian and I didn’t waste a moment after that. We emerged into the room of mirrors; my eyes met with the most astonishing sight. One of the mirrors in the room was glowing – yes, glowing. Its glass was iridescent and pristine, displaying an image of the blackest night sky. It’s picture was perfect, I knew at first glance that I was looking out a window to the Universe.
	“This is it,” I muttered. Though, something in me still felt like this wasn’t it. Internally, I was still fighting. My instincts told me that something was missing from this all, something that I needed but couldn’t identify. Even Aurelian’s explanations wouldn’t give me much comfort. 
	“Before we part from this world, I need to explain something to you that I’ve needed to give you clarity over for a long while,” Aurelian started. He took my hand once again and directed me to the glassy night sky that had been painted as a reflection in the mirror. “This is not a mirror – it is a door; a portal that I’ve opened to another world. This is not the first time I’ve opened a portal here…this is the door which I first came through when I came to your world from mine.”
	“But you said that they were already open doors. You even showed me how they worked!”
	“I did, but it’s a different kind of door now. Remember when I first showed these to you? When you touched the glass and were able to reach through?” I nodded. “Then, you were reaching through into nothingness. Should you have fallen, you would have fallen into abyss. Now, I’ve connected it to another world. A safer one. A place where you and I can leave at peace for just a little while.” Aurelian explained to me softly. Though, I still was not yet satisfied.
	“Where does it lead to?” I asked, suddenly intrigued. “And how long has it been open for us? How long will it last?”
	“I reopened it a few days ago, and it will not last much longer. That is why we cannot linger here very long. If it is open for a long while it could…” he stopped for a moment, “destroy everything.”
	“Destroy everything?!” I suddenly snapped. “If it is so capable of destruction how do you know it is safe for us to go through? And, how could you have been given the power to handle something so dangerous?”
	“Well, it’s not as if we use them very often,” Aurelian told me, somewhat annoyed. “In fact, we can’t use them very often. For that reason, the only ones who have the authority to open and close portals themselves are those like me…people from my family…princes and kings.”
	The prince’s last words came with a sense of clear shame. To anyone else, it would seem strange that a wealthy prince would be so ashamed of his upbringing. But, I understood his plight. We both understood the ugliness beneath the façades of the rich and powerful. It was almost as if I could sense him now, inside and out.
	“What do you mean when you say that you can’t use them?” I backed up. “Is it too strenuous to keep our worlds connected, or is it too dangerous?”
	“Neither,” Aurelian replied. “The reason we can’t open them very often is because there aren’t very many left. The portals are dying, Elissa. Every time one opens and closes, we come closer to the moment that the magic will run out.”
	“Dying? Why?” I questioned, feeling my senses suddenly grow numb. My heart began to race now, my soul sensing a key to solving this puzzle that was beginning to emerge from the shadows. “How many are left?”
	“From the time of my birth, there were eight left. I’ve used the magic once, twice considering that I’ve opened one again today. As far as I know, my brother has used them twice. That leaves four.”
	“You still didn’t give me an explanation as to why they’re dying,” I told him in response, now feeling as if I needed to delay this departure as long as humanly possible. 
	“It’s a very long and dark story, Elissa. I doubt you’d want to know the truth about it.” Aurelian looked into my eyes with depth and intensity. “We mustn’t linger here any longer. It’s all been carefully planned, we cannot afford a mistake!”
	“The magic can wait! I don’t even know where we’re going to be going, Aurelian.” I firmly exclaimed. “You have to give me an explanation. There’s something I know I’m missing in all of this – and I won’t leave until I understand it!”
	“Fine,” Aurelian hesitantly told me. “I’ll tell you about the portals. You’re bound to misunderstand me, but I will. After that we must leave.”
	“You’d better start now.”
	“There was once a time that a portal connected our worlds. It was a bridge, if you will. It couldn’t be opened or closed, it simply was,” Aurelian started. “It was a time long before either of us was ever thought of. My world was new, a place known as the Kingdom of Light. Your world was filled with darkness, so the people of mine came to your aid. But, the First King was naïve. He gave in to the Curse’s temptations and was inhabited by the darkness; separating our kind from yours for the rest of eternity. These portals are the only connection that our worlds have left.”
	Something in my mind clicked at that moment. A flood of images and sounds raced before my senses, and I realized exactly what I had been missing. I saw visions of my mother and father, singing and telling their stories to me as a child. I thought of the old folk tales about the monsters in human skin – the ones that intrigued me while they terrified everyone else. Then I thought back to something more recent…something that had been almost forgotten. I couldn’t help but to remember the words I had read in a dusty old book of stories; words that didn’t seem to be simple words anymore. They were words that told a story I had thought I’d always known – the story of The Secret Prince.
	“A Kingdom of Light…became The Kingdom of Darkness,” I muttered aloud, remembering the words in the book I had read. “Aurelian, you’re from the Night Kingdom.”
	“Yes, I am…” The prince trailed off. Before I could say another word, Aurelian grabbed my hand. This can’t be the answer, I pulled back from him. Aurelian’s eyes pleaded with my soul. But, they did no good in convincing me. 
	“No, you don’t understand,” I started. “I can see it now! All along I’ve been missing it, but, now I can see it! You’re the prince! The one from my book of stories! It’s all happening as the book said it would, or did…and that means that it could hold the key to helping us defeat the Darkness!” 	
	My words came with intensity resembling lunacy, because whatever story I was talking about was something of which he was completely unaware. Suddenly, the once-docile portal shook violently. The calm, glassy surface of the door began to ripple and convulse. The ground was now shaking beneath us. The portal became louder and louder, its winds acting as a hurricane ready to engulf us.
	“Please, Elissa. Just come with me. We don’t have much time until this portal closes! If we don’t leave now I’ll have to close it myself, otherwise it will kill us! Then there may be no way for us to leave!” Aurelian cried, “I promise I will tell you everything about myself, the history of my kingdom, anything else you may want to know. But, there is no time left in the present! You must come with me now!”
	Aurelian grabbed me by the wrists again, desperately attempting to take me through. He simply didn’t understand! I struggled, fighting him until he let me go. He released them voluntarily, never having desired to use force. 
	“Is this really the answer?” I yelled in reply, the room becoming as noisy as the harshest wind. “Do you really think we should both simply run like this? We don’t have to run away from our problems!”
	“We have no choice right now, Elissa!” He yelled back even louder in return. “Don’t speak nonsense! There’s no way we can face what desires our death!”
	“But maybe there’s a way to defeat it!” I screamed above the growing noise. “I think I might have found the answer! But you have to close this portal! I have to go back into the house – it’s our only chance!”
	“You’re mad!” Aurelian exclaimed. “The only chance we have to save ourselves is to go right now! Once I close this, there will be no easy way back!”
	Aurelian’s eyes pleaded me with the uttermost sincerity, but I knew that doing as he wanted right now would cause me to miss the key to solving our puzzle once and for all. Aurelian wanted to keep on running, but my bravery compelled me to go the other way. He saw only one way to do things – but I saw another destiny that could only come if I fought to find another way. 
	“You don’t understand, Aurelian! There’s a story like this in a book I’ve read! If I can find the book, maybe we won’t have to run!” I backed away from him and ran toward the door. “You must close this portal. I don’t care anymore – I’m not going to run. I’m going back into the house, because this story has an ending! The book can tell us how our story ends!” 
	“Elissa, come back!” Aurelian begged as I darted. It was too late. I was going back now whether he wanted it or not. I refused to be a coward.	
	I turned from Aurelian and ran. The prince wanted to take off after me, but he couldn’t. Now the full weight of the portal was beginning to close in on him. He had to close it soon; otherwise untold destruction would ensue. It was like a two-ton weight on his shoulders, but he mustered the strength to begin closing it. He began to push the magic back little-by-little until it was all back in place and the door was closed.
	 It would take quite a while and would preoccupy almost every last bit of energy he had. All the while, I was running. I ran through the murky, black darkness of the cellars until I found the stairway back into the servants’ corridor. The path was long and dangerous, but I ran at top speed. I didn’t care about the danger anymore. I couldn’t go one more moment without this book! Though, I had no idea what great danger I would face when I surfaced.
	When I came back up in the Servants’ quarters, there was still no sign of Aurelian trailing behind me. There was also something else that I noticed – something strange. Despite the fact that this time of day the quarter was usually bustling, the entire area was silent and empty. The tables and chairs were scattered and toppled over, napkins sitting on the counters and the floor as if something had rushed the out just a moment ago. I carefully made my way up another set of stairs and decided to go back into my room and look for the book. 
	I hadn’t seen the thing in quite some time, but I knew I hadn’t given it back. I hadn’t remembered moving it, either. So, I ran back into my room and began to sift through my belongings. Oddly enough, the entire upstairs was silent as well. The entire way there I didn’t see a single person in sight. When I went through my things, I also had a very strange feeling. My room was clean and seemingly untouched – yet I felt almost as if someone had been in here with bad intentions. As I uncovered almost every part of my room, the feeling remained. 
	On top of all that, I still couldn’t find the book! I looked on top of my bed, underneath my covers and pillows, and beneath the bed itself. Then I looked in the closet, my vanity, and nearly all of my bedside drawers. Still, there was no sign of my precious book. It seemed I had thought of nearly every place it could have been, but then I looked at my bedside table and remembered that I still hadn’t looked there. 
	I uncovered a few more pillows before rashly grabbing the knob of my bedside table and trusting it open. When I saw what was inside, I was overcome by an even stranger feeling. The drawer was all but empty except for one, small thing. A nearly empty, unmarked glass vial rolled around in the drawer and stopped when it reached the wood at the end closest to me. I picked up the peculiar object and held it in my hands for a few moments. What could it be? Even though it was unmarked, I couldn’t help but feel as if there was something incredibly dangerous about it. Despite my feelings, I kept it in my hand unwittingly while I ventured into the room across the hallway. Perhaps the book would be in there.
	However, when I opened the door I had no idea what I would find on the other side. When I saw it, I felt the life drain from my skin and my body begin to tremble. The tears began welling out of my eyes at that very moment, but I couldn’t find the strength to scream. Right there – right in front of my eyes – I saw a dead body. It was the cold, pale body of Winston Everen. Death was a growing commonality in my life, but this didn’t make rational sense to me. Winston was a young man in the prime of his life, how could this be him? I suddenly found the energy to scream, but as I opened my mouth I found myself suddenly halted by a hand that swooped over it from behind.
	“Hello, niece.” It was Beeti. I struggled and screamed to break free, but a new strength had somehow surfaced in the woman that kept me bound and nearly frozen in her grasp. “Are you looking for something? A book perhaps?”
	For a few seconds she continued to cover my mouth, continuing to do so until I had stopped screaming from behind the barrier she had made over my mouth. She was sure not to let me go until she was certain that I wouldn’t yell for help. Even though I was terrified, I instinctually knew not to raise my voice now. I refrained from doing so, and soon enough Beeti released me from her grasp.
	“What is going on here?” I sternly but quietly snared at her.
	“That is a question that I should be asking you, my dear,” Beeti snidely replied. I almost opened my mouth to scream another time, but she quickly put a finger to my mouth. “And don’t scream. Otherwise you won’t be getting your hands on the book that you so greatly need.”
	“How could you know what I need right now?” I shook, presently in shock over the dead body sitting just a few feet away from us. In the next second, Beeti reached behind her back and seemed to literally conjure up something that hadn’t been there before. She reached behind her back – as if by magic – and pulled forth the very book of fairy tales which I had been seeking. She opened it up to the page I had read with the tale of The Secret Prince and taunted me with it, flipping the pages back and forth as she dangled it above my head.
	“I know that you need this book…and see, now I have it!” She eyed me venomously. “I’ve tasted the sweet power of magic, and I absolutely love it. That’s why I’m going to use it to take back what’s mine and more. I will take back my title, my estate, my daughter – and now I can take from you what you need just as you’ve taken from me.”
	Beeti eyed me so venomously that she might have even spat at me in that moment. Her words were vicious and vengeful, and even more than that her actions seemed to bend reality. Could Beeti honestly be practicing magic? Her darkness revealed, I knew it was true. 
	Seeing the book before me, I unwittingly jumped up and tried to grab it from her. The page I reached for tore into my hand. Before I could latch on to it again, the book vanished. Beeti’s eyes bled sadism, seeming to say that she’d sent it away to the far reaches of the universe. 
	Like a petal fallen from a lifeless rose, I touched the parchment in grief. It was torn and incomplete. There was no way it could tell me how the story ends. I went silent and cold, realizing I’d been defeated.
	“That book is belongs to me now, niece. Everything of yours belongs to me, even your dearest fiancé. And now you are mine, also. Your death will soon come, and then your blood will be on my hands,” she leaned in closer to me, beginning to whisper. “Mine and the Magistrate’s.”
	“What are you talking about?” I cried. Beeti snidely looked over at Winston’s body, and so did I.
	“You shall see soon enough. In fact, you should already know. You’re the one who murdered your own fiancé.” She barked.
	“I – I don’t understand,” I stammered, the tears falling from my eyes. 
	“Look at him,” Beeti bent down next to Winston’s body at that moment, tenderly but sickeningly running her finger over what was once his face. “This kind of death…of a man so young, so wealthy…could only come from a strong, potent poison. One that comes only from the deepest malice and most murderous thinking.”
	At that moment, my heart stopped. I knew exactly what had happened. I bubbled up with anger, terror, and utter rage. All of my emotions mingled with each other, causing me to tremble more and more every moment.
	“You!” I rasped. “You murderous wretch! You killed him, didn’t you?”
	“Perhaps I did, but perhaps I didn’t,” Beeti tauntingly spoke up to me in reply. She suddenly stood up and grabbed my hand with the poison in it. “Regardless, the people will believe that you are in fact the perpetrator. See? The poison is in your very hand!” 
	I struggled to free myself from her grasp, but this time she wouldn’t let me go. A large group of people moved into the room to restrain me. It was clear that this was no longer a simple confrontation – this was a trap. I was being framed for murder. 
	“Let me go, I did no such thing!” I screamed as two burly men restrained me. But, it was no use. Beeti gloated as if she had finally made her most prized kill.
	“You murdered Winston,” Beeti snared. “All of the evidence will soon point to it, and the entire country will believe it. That will give the world no better reason to rid you from it!”
	They dragged me into the hallway, where most servants in the house gathered to watch not long after. I screamed and shouted to all of the servants as they came into the hall. A small group of my friends were gathered in the doorway to what used to be Grandmamma’s room, watching silently as I was dragged away. 
	“Help me! You all know I am innocent!” I shouted to them, though they remained silent. It was as if they truly believed that I was a murderer! “I was nowhere near here until this very hour! You can attest to it, can’t you?”
	“Elissa, don’t lie,” a voice spoke in the crowd. It was Jackoby. “We all saw you today. We even covered you when you left with the Duke. I am no liar, and now I can see that you clearly are.”
	My heart sunk. These were my closest allies, and now even they didn’t believe I was innocent. My mind whirled in complete disbelief. How could they believe I would have been capable of this? Another voice spoke up from among them. 
	“I believe you!” It shouted, the voice of a young woman. She wove her way out of the crowd and shouted to everyone in the hallway. “I was with Lady Elissa all day today. She did no such thing! You know that she wouldn’t!”
	“Oh, be quiet Emily!” Jackoby snapped. “Don’t let your loyalties blind you. Taking her side will bring more trouble than you need!”
	I was quickly dragged out of the hallway. Beeti walked behind me the entire way, acting as grand marshal of the parade. The men stopped at the closet beside the grand staircase and threw me in, locking me inside. I pounded on the door, but it was no use. Beeti snared at me on the other side.
	“The Magistrate’s guards will be coming for you first thing in the morning. Then your crime will be publicized, the public will call for your execution. You will be burned at the stake!’” 
	After that, she left. I fell to the ground and wrapped myself in tears. Now I was completely alone. I called for Aurelian madly, but he never came. Even my closest friend seemed helpless. My friends and family were gone. Soon, the entire world would believe I was a murderer. There would be no trial – there never was. Once the accusation came, the Magistrate would bestow the punishment. 
	“Aurelian, where are you?” I cried, burying my head in my knees. “I’m sorry! I’m sorry that I went back!” 
	I held the paper in my hands. This had seemed like my salvation, but now it was part of my demise. Perhaps Aurelian had been right. Even if the book did hold the end of my story, all was lost. It seemed that now my prince was lost as well. 
	Realizing that this was the end, I gave up. This page was useless now, yet as much as I wanted to tear it up I couldn’t. I sensed that I still needed to keep it, so I tucked it away in my corset. If I burned, it would burn with me.
	 When my tears went dry, I fell against the wall in exhaustion. Sometime after that, I found myself being woken up by a twisting doorknob. I stood up at once, bracing myself for what was coming. I was almost certain I knew what was on the other side. 
	When I saw the true face, I couldn’t help but be surprised. At first I could hardly believe it. This couldn’t truly be who I thought it was – not after all that had happened. But, the door opened wider and the light grew with it. As the light grew I could see the clear image of my greatest ally. 
	“Elissa,” Emily whispered. She threw her arms around me and sobbed. “I’m sorry we didn’t come sooner. The men who took you locked me up, too. Haley helped me escape, but then it still took me a half hour to find the key…” Emily told me in a frantic rush, stopping herself before she had let herself explain far too long. “But, that’s not important now. I’m here. I only want to know, why did you come back?”
	“I didn’t want to be a coward,” I told her, my voice raspy from the yelling I’d done in this whole ordeal. “But that’s not important now, either. Why did you come back?”
	“I could never leave a sister behind.” She grabbed my hands. “But, there’s no time to catch up now. It’s 4:45 am, and the police are coming to make your arrest in less than half an hour. We must take you away from here now!” 
	“Where will we go? What about the underground?” I asked.
	“Someone followed us the last time. The police have already closed it off,” Emily explained in a rush, taking me down the hallway. “There is a carriage at the edge of the forest that’s ready to take you to the Desert Country. It might be dangerous, but the only chance you have is to leave right now!”
	“Has there been any sight of Aurelian?” I asked meekly in the end, remembering where I’d last seen my prince in the caverns.
	“No. It’s up to us, now.”
	I didn’t argue this time, I only ran. We wove through the lesser-known parts of the house and through the ballroom until we reached the glass hallway that led to the courtyard. Though, when I peered through the glass I stopped. There were officers, everywhere. 
	“Emily, they’re all out there – waiting – I don’t think that they’re going to arrest me,” I said coldly. “This looks more like…”
	“Another trap,” Emily numbly murmured.
	Not knowing what else to do, we went back to the main house. There must have been another exit. To our horror, the outside of the house was surrounded by police at all corners. We ran up and down the stairs, trying to find someplace to go or hide. Though, it was almost no use. There was no door that we could leave through, no window we could sneak out of without being shot by the guards waiting to close in on us.
	The time for our escape was dwindling. By the time the clock struck 5:00 am, we were stuck in the familiar but endless maze of my own hallway.  
	The front door opened with a force I’d never experienced before. Thunderous footsteps rattled the walls. This was it. We stood frozen in the hallway, realizing how futile this escape attempt was. 
	“Emily, you need to leave now,” I whispered, realizing that I would soon be taken by the men. 
	“No,” Emily asserted. “I’m with you to the end.”
	Emily grabbed my hand, and I grabbed hers. Instead of standing our ground, she did something unexpected. At the last second, she opened the door to my room and threw me in. She slammed it, locked it, and used her body to block it from the outside. 
	“What are you doing?” I screamed through the door.
	“Get to the balcony and climb down!” She yelled. “The officers are already in the house. They’ll have to go through me, first. That should give you enough time to get to the carriage!”
	“They’ll kill you!” I protested.
	“Elissa, it’s okay,” she told me softly. I could tell that she was at peace. “We will meet again.”
	The tears streaming down my face, I did as she said. There was no way to describe what kind of peril I was feeling at that moment. My friend was sacrificing herself for me, and I knew that she wasn’t going to give up. She was letting herself be the hero this time, and I wasn’t going to let this be in vain. So, I turned and started toward the balcony as she said. 
	I grabbed me sheets and began tying them together, but my shaky hands made it nearly impossible. I threw the sheets on the ground and went over to the balcony myself, deciding I was going to take my chances and scale it alone. I took off my shoes, placed the hood on my head and looked down. It was definitely more than a little drop. It had to be twenty, maybe thirty feet to the bottom.
	I gulped, getting ready to start over the edge. Then, I stopped. There was thumping and shouting on the other side of the door. The officers were here now, and they were demanding that Emily get out of the way and give them the key.
	“Over my dead body!” She shouted back at them.
	“Move aside or it will be!” One of the men barked in response.
	Emily mustered up so much strength that even the strongest man couldn’t move her by force. So, they knocked her out of the way. She fought them once more, but the thunderous clang of rifle resulted in silence. The last thing I could hear was a man kicking her to the side.
	“NO!” I cried, falling onto my knees and forgetting what I had been instructed to do. 
	That was when they began kicking in the door. Even their strongest jolts couldn’t bring it down at first. It was as if something stronger than human will – something miraculous – was delaying their entry. I felt something grab me from behind. It pulled me up and spun me around, and within seconds I could see the face of someone I had thought was lost forever. It was Aurelian. 
	“I thought you were gone,” I cried. 
	“I promised you that I would never be far,” he darkly replied. “If you want to live, take my hand.”
	“There’s no way out, I’ve looked,” I heaved in tears.
	“There is a way.”	
	Aurelian grabbed my hand and ran to the balcony. It was filling with the pale pink hue of the sunrise, giving me a strange sense of peace. Then, there was a revelation:
	“Elissa, do you trust me?”
	At first I was silent. Our eyes locked for what felt like an eternity. Then, against the rising sun and above the tumult of my emotions, I became certain.
	“Yes.”
	When I uttered the word, Aurelian swept me up into his arms. Aurelian stepped onto the edge of the balcony, stepping atop guard rails while he held me in his arms. The door burst open. A flood of men rushed through the other side, stopping in astonishment of their senses. One moment, we were standing on the edge of the balcony, our faces lit against the glow of the eastern sun.
	Then, in the blink of an eye we were gone.

The Price of Darkness


	After we escaped, the world fell silent. My pursuers had been outwitted. After all that had been done to obtain my soul, the conspirators were left speechless. The tools that the Dark used to carry out its plans were infallibly human. Their imperfection had caused failure. For that, the Darkness was angered beyond belief.
	“You have failed me, Julius!” It growled that day, sending a jolt of pain through the Magistrate’s body.
	“I am sorry, Great One!” The man begged.
	“Your apologies are useless. I must seek after a greater power to destroy them now. Do as I say and I may spare you from this pain,” The Darkness groaned. “Do not fail to obey my word! There is something that I must show you…”
	“Tell me what it is!” The Magistrate begged again.
	“Open the window to the Night Kingdom.” 
	Julius did exactly as the Curse told him. He went into the dark room, recited the dark words of a spell, and opened up the window to communicate with The Other World – the Night Kingdom. Doing as his master had instructed, he opened it and begged communication from the King of the Night Kingdom. In no more than a few seconds time, he was met with the smirk of the cruel King Faolan.
	“It seems that the humans have failed,” Faolan wickedly grinned.
	“Your allies seem to have failed also.”
	“Don’t underestimate my power simply because my servants have proven useless,” Faolan remarked in annoyance. “They will be dealt with more harshly than your subjects ever have or will be.”
	“Underestimate your power?” The Magistrate remarked in reply, his pride suddenly rattled by this seemingly arrogant youth. “You’re much younger than I am. You’re what – 19 in human years? 20? I’ve been ruling this Empire for far longer than you’ve dreamed of ruling yours.”
	Now Faolan was seething. He didn’t like his pride rattled with. His power challenged, Faolan decided that it was time he made an example of it. The cruel force gave its approval, and Faolan confidently smirked.
	“Considering the difference between our worlds, I believe that I am your elder. One moment in your world is at least three days in mine…so you should take care in holding your tongue,” Faolan glared. “My age is of no importance at the moment. The important matter of the moment is that you were tasked with something of great importance and failed. Now the Darkness calls upon me to accomplish its work instead.”
	“Upon you?” 
	A sudden, choking feeling overcame the man. Now the Magistrate understood what this was. The Darkness was not taking him here to simply communicate with another realm. It was taking him here for punishment. Then – just as Julius had done to many others himself – this power might actually decide dispose of him. 
	“Julius…” Faolan maliciously trailed off. “The power with which you have dealt is no curse. The fact that you would consider it one simply indicates that you have never been qualified to bear it! That is why it brought you here. It brought you here to give your authority in this all back to me…and to do justice after your failure. Now, let me teach you something about the power of my youth!”
	Faolan reached forth and began taking his lifeblood. He didn’t take enough to render him dead; just enough to disfigure him. When he stopped draining life from the man, the Magistrate’s skin was like that of a 120 year old man. Julius’s strength nearly gone, the man collapsed onto the ground as a dead man.
	“See, Julius? I am the more powerful one, the one that the Darkness favors. Why? Because I see it as a gift to embody. My youth isn’t of the matter here, nor is your age,” Faolan venomously gloated through the mirror. “Now you have a new curse. Your power is mine. Live out the rest of your rule withering in body and mind. The Darkness and its power remain in your family no longer.”
	Faolan closed the portal. He paced around his throne, confident but dissatisfied. His veins surged with this vampiric power. Faolan summoned the one he had sent to my world. The creature’s wife was called with him.
	“Luca,” he started once they had arrived. “The tools of the Darkness have failed the humans. Their ruler scoffs at its power. He scoffs at me.” His eyes narrowed at the two. “For that, his power is now mine. The nightmares I created didn’t fail, but you have. You’ve failed me, and for that you must pay.”
	Faolan stepped down from his throne for a moment and eyed the two. Then, he began the execution. He grabbed Luca by the neck and forced him onto the ground.
	“I will not be made a fool any longer,” Faolan spat to his court. “I have more power now than I have ever had. The humans have failed – but I will not!” He spoke in a tone that was deceptively soft. It was low and intense, a near whisper. “My brother is close now. Closer to this place than he has been since the moment he fled! His shelter has been lost, his safety run dry. It is time for me to take care of this myself once and for all.” 
	Faolan suddenly twisted his arm. Crack! In a single motion, Luca was dead. The shock of her husband’s death caused the woman’s stomach to churn. She knelt sorrowfully, tears in her eyes. It didn’t quite occur to her at that moment that she was next.
	“Woman…” Faolan moved over a step, stroking the widow’s face. It could only display disgust. “Is there anything you’d like to say before joining him?”
	“Why must you do things this way?” She shook in a raspy voice. “He only did as he was told. You live as if you don’t serve the darkness, but as if it serves you.” The tears in her eyes suddenly disappeared and gave birth to honesty. “You know that’s not true. You know that this power is greater than anything you could conjure!”
	Faolan knocked the woman to the ground in a fury. Soon he would do the same thing to her that was done to Luca. Though, before the silence of death would fall on the Kingdom, Faolan sinisterly glared at his victim. 
	“You don’t seem to understand…” He venomously whispered. “I am the Darkness.”






Part Four:
◊
Lives Anew



32 | The Ring



	Flying with Aurelian was like nothing I’d ever imagined before. At first I closed my eyes, clinging to him tightly the whole way. Then I felt the cool wind brushing against my face and hair and opened them just to get a peek. What I saw astounded me. We weren’t flying like the birds or a human flying machine. No, we were moving through the sky in an entirely different motion. It was as if we were walking upright – perhaps even skating on the clouds. Could you even call this flying? 
	The brilliant orange glow of the rising sun brought a short wave of calm into my soul. The glowing sunrise lit our faces, changing color and reflecting an aurora of at least ten different shades as we danced across the atmosphere. It was as if we were walking on a sky of stained glass until the day came and paled the rainbow back to its usual bluish-grey. 
	It was magnificent but short. It felt like our time in the clouds had lasted just a few seconds, though we’d really been up there long enough for the day to become night. As soon as the stars were visible, we landed. It was like the end of a magnificent dream. As soon as Aurelian put my feet onto the ground – having changed from brown earth to a cushion of sand – I felt as if I was waking up to my life’s worst nightmare.
	“The evening has fallen upon us,” Aurelian softly told me. “We should spend the night here.”
	We were standing in front of an abandoned chapel on the border of the Desert Country. It was small and dilapidated, its stained glass windows shattered and even absent in some places. It stood alone, the only building in this sandy existence as far as our eyes could see. Aurelian opened up the doors, overwhelmed by a cloud of dust that engulfed us both upon entry. We searched the entire building to be sure, but we knew that we had to be alone. No one would dare think of making their home here. 
	Without anything else to do, we retracted to separate sides of the chapel. The pleasant flight here was of no comfort next to the events we had just escaped. Now was when it would all set in. The shock. The horror. The loss. The shame. Of course we were in this mess together – but this was a bigger mess than either of us could’ve expected. I curled up on the ground in the far corner of the room, hugged my knees and cried.
	For a moment I looked up and averted my gaze to the front of the chapel, where the pale moonlight shone through a stained glass window. There was a picture in its near-broken detail, a picture of a lamb dwelling next to a cross.  Obviously, the lamb was supposed to represent Jesus. With all of my parochial education, I couldn’t overlook that. The thought of the pure sacrifice that Christ gave caused me to think of Emily’s brave sacrifice as well. 
	I thought of those last few moments in my room, hearing the sounds over and over again yet still finding myself unable to truly know her fate. The tears began to come down my face, and no later than the first tear fell, I remembered the page. The one I’d taken with me before I fled – the one hidden in my moments of hopelessness. I pulled it out in complete anguish and uncrumpled it in my hands.
	“Why did you really come back for me?” I suddenly asked out loud, not even bothering to look down at the paper. I could have sworn I heard Aurelian sigh.
	“I made you a promise, did I not?” The prince replied. After a few seconds of silence, he spoke up again. “…There’s also nothing that has changed the fact that I am deeply in love with you.”
	“So what do we do from here?” I quietly asked after another pause. This time, Aurelian began inching back toward me. Though he was a prince of great wealth and many titles, Aurelian didn’t stand up. He crawled around the pews to my side of the room, never leaving the ground. When he came into my sight, the prince slowly approached me. It was as if I was a child again, shaken and terrified while I hid in the corner of the room. Though I felt like I was now useless, Aurelian came to me and softly spoke up. It was as if to say that despite the trouble we were in, everything was going to be alright.
	“It’s difficult to say,” he softly began, taking my hand. “The portal is gone…but, it isn’t finished yet. I’m here with you. At least we’re together.”
	He tried to wrap his arms around me, but in my pool of emotions and tears I quickly pulled away. Any chance at my life having meaning seemed long gone. I was poisonous and wretched – no good for anything but causing others grief. And now my best friend might have been dead, all for the sake of someone that was probably going to be burnt at the stake soon anyway. Then I looked down at my paper. 
	Oh, that paper!
	 In my mind, this was the thing that had caused the most harm. It was the reason I was here and presently safe while my friends and family were not! I just had to go back for it, didn’t I? I wanted to tear it into pieces at that very moment, but something kept me from doing so. It was Aurelian, gentle and docile as a ray of sun in my sorrows. 
	“What is this?” He asked; suddenly intrigued as he read the words on the page.
	“It’s a page from the book that I went back for,” I sobbed. “It’s the only part I was able to get…this useless –”
	I crumbled it up in anger, ready to throw it to the other side of the room. But, Aurelian halted me. The prince quickly grabbed my wrist and took the paper from my hand. There was something about it that he could see now, something that couldn’t be neglected.
	“No, Elissa. Please, don’t,” he pleaded. The prince uncrumpled the page and placed it back in my hand, though he still hadn’t read it. “If this meant enough to you for you to risk your life, I trust that it has great meaning. I know you, Elissa. You have a stronger, wiser spirit than you’d like to believe. At least take a moment to read it again before you decide to turn it into rubbish.” 
	Tears still clouding my vision, I did as the prince said. Then, a miracle happened. The tears stopped flowing and my heart began to hastily beat. I scanned the words on this page and realized something that I had failed to look at before. This wasn’t a page from some other miscellaneous story in the book…it was from the story I had been reading. It was the page that I had just read, the place that I had left off. Though the back housed a new page in the story, this page still didn’t hold the end of it all. It didn’t house the end of the story – because we were supposed to live that out ourselves. Without thinking, I tearfully began to read part of the first page aloud:
	
	“The Curse came into him. It directed him to take everyone else of his kind that had come to the Earth and return back to their homes. The curse came and inhabited the king and cursed their entire kingdom. 
	Greed overcame the royal family, and the eldest son killed his father to steal the throne. After many years of his reign, his children were overcome with greed and did the same. For hundreds of years this continued, turning to be their family custom. Since their kings could not die natural deaths, the next in line would have to take it into his hands to take the throne; becoming the new host of this ravenous curse at the moment of their predecessor’s death –” 

	At the last word in my sentence, Aurelian stopped me. In complete and utter disbelief, the prince took the page hand and read it for himself.
	“Where did you say that you obtained this?” 
	“I’m not sure where it came from. I found it in a church library. It’s just a book of fairy tales... Of course the stories are a bit more detailed than what a child would be told, but even I know some of the story –”
	“No, no, Elissa…” Aurelian looked down at the page wide-eyed. “I’m sorry that I didn’t believe you before. This is much more important than you and I could ever conceive….”
	“I don’t understand –”
	“Elissa…this is the history of my people; the means by which the King rules our world. This page entails what happened to the First King, word-for-word. It’s the very thing that has happened to every living heir in my family to this very moment in time,” Aurelian told me in a rush. 
	Now he realized that he had doubted me, and I was beginning to realize that I had doubted myself. Of course, Aurelian loved me and trusted my will – but just like any other flawed creature, he didn’t have enough faith in my words until now. He handed the paper back to me in shock.
	“This page might not have the ending, but maybe it will have enough on the other side to guide us in what we must do next,” he told me. “...By the way, would you happen to know if this story mentioned anything about you?”
	“I wouldn’t know, I mean…now it’s just speculation, really,” I stammered. “But, if this is about us…I would suppose that the next part of the story would apply to our situation.” 
	I flipped the page, though before I even so much as looked at the words I remembered what part was always came next when my mother would tell me the tale. The prince and the maiden would flee together and agree to be engaged. Considering the complete seriousness of this situation, it caused me to backtrack a little. Before I got into the next part of the story, I needed to know more about Aurelian. I had to feed my curiosity. 
	“Before I read anymore, I want you to explain to me everything that you promised you would,” I told him.
	“What did I promise to tell you?” 
	“You insisted that you would tell me everything about yourself that I wanted to know. It was when you were closing up the portal, remember?”
	“I was under quite a lot of pressure then…” Aurelian hesitantly let out. “And why is it that I must always be the one to explain myself to you? I hate to admit it, but with you it never seems to end…”
	“I know I always ask you to explain yourself. But, you still promised,” I softly replied. “I think I know what part of the story comes next, so please tell me yours.”
	“Alright, alright. I will tell you more about myself. This time I’ll try not to keep any secrets from you. I can’t promise that I’ll remember to say everything, but I assure you that I will try. Only, I have one condition.” 
	“And what would that be?” I asked the prince in return, seeing a light grin appear on his once-tormented face.
	“You must tell me more about yourself. There is so much that I can see in you, yet so very little that I know.”
	“You truly can’t see my past?” I asked him in surprise. “I thought that you’ve always known…that your eyes could see that sort of thing.”
	“No…they can only see small parts of it. Of course there are many things I know now…but it might be refreshing to hear some of it from you first-hand.”
	Aurelian gave me a deep, gentle look. His hand was now in mine, softly and warmly inviting me to tell him who I was. Now I can see that it wasn’t necessarily anything that he wanted to know, but simply things that he could see I needed to let out of the murky vaults in my heart. Realizing that I was safe, I agreed. Though, I still urged him to go first.
	“Do you recall the name you first called me by when we met?” He asked me at first.
	“Of course I do. You told me to call you Rhys,” I answered.
	“I asked you to call me that because it was who I truly was then. It wasn’t a lie…that name was truly what I felt I deserved to be called. I chose it because in your world, it means ‘running.’” 
	“You chose it because you were running away from your throne,” I told him, the entire picture beginning to make sense in my mind.
	“Yes, that is indeed very true. Though, I wasn’t always running like this,” Aurelian explained. “I had a good life. I never knew my mother, but I was unusually attached to my father. I had been born with a kind of peace that few in my family had before me. Because of it, I was praised by some for being a peacemaker and looked at as peculiar by others. 
	“In my family, the bond between father and son has been forever marred because of the way that one party replaces the other. The heir spends his whole upbringing learning how he might kill his father. As terrible it may sound, it is tradition in my family…because…otherwise, we cannot die.” He stopped for a moment, seemingly choked up. Then, he continued.
	“My entire life I was told that when the time came I would have to slay him, but I could never even fathom doing it. They tried to groom me in every way possible, insisting that one day my greed would cause me to desire the curse that comes with the throne. Though the Kings of the past had welcomed it, as a child I saw the evil in it. It’s a terrible thing, Elissa. It draws you in and tempts you to do horrid things…then once you ascend to the throne, it takes your whole being and controls you, making you into a monster that is so cold and unfeeling that your soul becomes lost and your old self completely unrecognizable…”
	Aurelian stopped again, this time with a look of despair on his face. I could tell now that he must have seen things so terrible that he couldn’t help but keep it from me. My heart sunk. Now I wished I hadn’t forced him to tell me all of this! I reached over to comfort him, looking into his eyes with peace and understanding. I begged him to stop, but I could tell that even then Aurelian felt the need to continue.
	“But your father had it,” I spoke up before Aurelian began speaking again. “And you still loved him, didn’t you?”
	“I know that he did. I still loved him, and I believe he must have loved me somehow…but that doesn’t change who he was. I’d never known him before it, though I could always see small glimpses of good in him through it. Regardless, the evil of the Darkness consumed his thinking. If only you would have seen what I’d seen…you’d know that his curse made him into a monster.”
	“I’m sorry…” I softly told him, gently squeezing his hand. “I had no idea. You don’t have to go any further, I promise that I’ve heard more than enough if it hurts too much for you –”
	“No, Elissa,” he interrupted. “I must tell you. I made you a promise, and it is important that you know.”
	“Alright,” I whispered. “You can tell me as much or as little as you need. I promise to listen.” After that, he nodded at me and continued.
	“I didn’t desire the curse – but even more than that, I couldn’t imagine killing my father. In my world, it is tradition that the next in line proceed to clear the throne at the time of his 18th or 19th birthday, when the chief priests of the Darkness decide that he is ready. I never stopped feeling as if this was cruel, evil and unfair. Even if our people cannot die, we still have a conscience. I didn’t want to participate in such an evil act as murder – not even when the time came for me to do so. Even though it seemed to be such solid tradition, I refused to think that it was the only way. On the night I was told to kill my father, I threw my sword down and ran away. I’ve been running around your world ever since.”
	“What about your brother?” I suddenly asked. “I thought that he was the reason you left?”
	“No, he’s not the single reason that I left. Now, Faolan is one of the reasons I’ve been in hiding. All of my life he desired the crown that I had. When I left, he saw it as the perfect opportunity to take my place. I don’t know when…but my father is gone now. Faolan has assumed the throne and seeks to destroy me. He’s become so consumed with his insecurities and jealousy that he is convinced that this is just some sort of act on my part. He still believes that I will come back and steal his throne…but I don’t want it. I never have!
	“But, to answer your question…Faolan isn’t the reason I left. The reason that I left was because I didn’t want to do things in the same detrimental way that everyone else does. Even if it means that I have to run and be seen as a coward, I don’t want to become King through defiling goodness.”
	“So you stood your ground,” I finally muttered in astonishment. “You refused to accept what was unjust.”
	Suddenly, I understood it. I saw something in Aurelian’s story that didn’t just connect to a story I had been told, a story I had read, or any kind of word on a page. I saw that it was connected to mine. Our stories weren’t just connected to another; they were connected to each other in a deeper way than I ever thought they could be. Could this be…fate?
	“Yes, I suppose that’s right,” the prince let out.
	“Aurelian, a few months ago I didn’t believe in fate, magic, or destiny. Sometimes I’m still not sure if I can believe what I’m seeing…but, I can tell you something that might shock you. Even though I was not born to people with riches or power, my story is very much like yours.” 
	For the next half hour, I told him everything in my life so far that seemed relevant to this. It didn’t matter if some of them were things that he already knew, or if some of these things were secrets which I had once feared the consequences of speaking about. I had nothing to lose anymore. I told him about my parents, about Beeti and Stella’s plans against me, and about Winston and the Magistrate. I also told him about one of the most important things of all – something I had blocked from my mind for such a long time that it seemed cloudy at first.
	“There was a time that I refused to make a choice over something unjust as well. It was one of the things that brought me onto this journey,” I explained. I told him all that had happened to me when I refused to make my choice. I had refused to back down regardless of the consequences; refusing to make my choice even when there seemed to be no other way. I told him of the miraculous but shady agreement my family had made, and then explained how it tied in with Beeti’s true plans to make me miserable enough with my life to cause me to leave it. 
	After I was finished telling my tale, we both fell into a temporary silence. There wasn’t a doubt in our minds now that we were connected to each other in a major way. Our stories were too similar, our fates too interchangeable. But, more than anything else we could empathize with each other. I felt his pain and he felt mine. It finally felt like there were no secrets between us anymore – only things that we could deny and fight against because of our identities as creatures who were beautifully flawed. After a few moments of reflection in the silence, I softly spoke up.
	“Aurelian?” I asked, “There’s something I’ve been wondering. Not necessarily about you…but about something that happened after we met.”
	“What is it?” He gently asked in reply.
	“The pearls…the ones I was wearing on the night of my 17th birthday. I got angry that night and I ended up losing them in the fountain…then after I saw you, I found them again. That was you, wasn’t it?”
	I had expected him to say yes, but now his look became flooded with uncertainty. Aurelian’s unique identity seemed as if it could be the answer to everything. Yet, somehow it wasn’t the answer to this strange occurrence. Aurelian looked at me in surprise.
	“Actually...I’m afraid that I must not have. I don’t recall anything of the sort,” He trailed off, but when he saw the look of disappointment on my face he spoke up again. “Perhaps you will find what you are seeking in time…perhaps we might even find it together.”
	We fell silent, neglecting the details of the page for a few minutes. Aurelian and I still both sat on the ground with our backs to each other, both in deep thought. I think that we both realized at that moment – if we hadn’t realized it in such a momentous way before – that our lives were never going to be the same. Even though we were both quiet, I know that was the exact thought going through both of our minds. We were bound to each other now and would always be in some way, there was no doubt about it. 
	The moment that I realized it, my heart began to brace itself for something. I didn’t know if it was for something wonderful, terrifying, or awful. But, I felt in my spirit that it was something that would help to shape my destiny forever. In a few moments, Aurelian would make up his mind and begin speaking again. Though, before he even so much as let out a breath I remembered the next part of the story I was a part of. If we were truly a part of this tale, the next thing he would ask me would be the testing moment as to whether or not this book was truly part of our destinies. In my heart I was already certain that it must have been.
	“Elissa,” Aurelian asked me in a serious tone. He turned around and tilted my face toward his own. “We must accept – now more than ever before – that we are bound to each other. As long as things remain as they are for us, it seems there will be no way for us to live our lives apart from each other. Should it be like this for the rest of our lives…we might never be able to part from each other…”
	The tears began to fall down my cheeks as I realized what Aurelian was saying. The words echoed across my memory over and over again, coming from the mouth of my mother as clearly as if she were speaking them right now: 
	“And he came to her after having watched over her during the long night; realizing that their lives would never be the same and asking for her hand.”
	 Unless this wasn’t what it seemed to be – now I was certain that the legend I had always known was becoming my reality. I held my breath, trying to grasp what I knew he would ask next.
	“I am deeply in love with you. I give you my oath of devotion, to serve you always. You know that from here our lives will never be the same…and of course I will never force you to feel the same way or to do anything you might choose against. If you wish I remain at a distance, then I surely will…” Now the prince was clearly fumbling. “But, seeing that we both feel strongly for each other; I would like to ask if you might consider one day becoming my wife.”
	I had known it all along, but now I knew it was real. This was the story! Though, even more than I cared about a book I cared about Aurelian. In a wave of emotion, I fell into him and began to weep. They weren’t tears of sorrow, nor were they tears of joy. They were tears of depth and truth and belief all at once. Over anything else, they also were tears of love. A short time later, I collected myself and began to think. Nothing in me wanted to rush an answer.
	“I don’t wish for you to remain at a distance,” I shakily started, breathing deeply in between my tears. “And I would like for nothing more than to be your wife. Though, right now I’m still young. The times are uncertain and marrying now would be foolish.”
	“So then you wish to decline…”Aurelian disappointedly but cordially raised in response. 
	“No, Aurelian. That’s not my wish at all!” I quickly and passionately told him, the tears beginning to come down once more. “I do wish to marry you. Only, I do not wish to right now. I can still give you this promise, a promise that I will give you along with all of my heart: that as long as we are both alive, one day I will marry you.”
	I fell into him again, crying so much that I might have been able to create a small ocean. When we parted, I collected myself and spoke up with strength and passion.  It was spoken with passion, but lacked no amount of clarity.
	“I want nothing more than to be with you…and I will,” I told him.
	“Just as long as you love me,” he expressed in a tone that was filled with just as much depth and passion as mine. “If your attractions ever fade you mustn’t force yourself to love me. You’re too strong a spirit to live a loveless life.” 
	Aurelian looked away at me for a moment. I sensed something in him – something I’d noticed before but was much clearer to me now. Now I could see that Aurelian felt as if he was truly unworthy of me. Through all of the good that Aurelian was and still would be, the prince still believed he didn’t deserve my affections. Realizing what it was, I quickly did just as Aurelian had done to me a few minutes prior, gently tilting his head until our eyes met.
	“Aurelian, as long as I’m alive I will always love you,” I told him in complete certainty. “And as long as I love you, I’ll never be able to stay far away.”
	Aurelian was overcome by emotion. So much emotion, in fact, that he wasn’t really sure what to do with it. Not wanting to stir anything that didn’t need to be while we were both so incredibly alone; he pulled me close and chastely kissed me on the forehead. We were both in such a swimming pool of emotions at that point in time that it was probably best that way. Though, it still didn’t make the moment any less meaningful. 
	After a few moments, Aurelian stood me up and bent down on his knee. Exactly how he conjured it up I still have absolutely no idea – but immediately opened up his hand and revealed an amethyst ring that was said to have belonged to his mother. The prince asked me if I would take it, something I wouldn’t refuse. Since our love was certain but our situation wasn’t, instead of wearing it on my finger I decided to wear it in a different way until I came of age. I took the ring and wore it on a chain around my neck, a symbol of the fact that although our love and our promise were certain; the present day was not. 
	Once the it was around my neck, however, something strange began to happen. As soon as the dangling ring touched my skin, it changed color and shifted back and forth to every color in the rainbow.
	“Aurelian, it’s sparkling – it’s changing color!” I marveled, picking up the ring and holding it closer to my face. Aurelian neared in closer to it as well, looking completely astounded. “What does that mean?”
	“It means…that you are pure of heart.”




33 | Take Me



	Neither of us could explain the spectacle of the ring. Aurelian knew of the meanings of such signs, but he still couldn’t explain the reason why it had chosen me as someone who was pure of heart. To be genuinely honest, I didn’t look, feel, or believe I was worthy of such a thing. At first I believed that it must have been a mistake – but no, according to Aurelian this ring could make no mistakes. According to Aurelian, being pure of heart wasn’t determined by the ring or even by me. It was a gift bestowed upon me by God himself, nothing that I could achieve by my own merit. 
	I had asked him more about what this must have meant, but beyond that Aurelian had very few answers. It felt as if he was holding back, yet it also felt as if he simply didn’t know what else to tell me. Whatever the case, I didn’t find myself quite grasping the true meaning of this symbol. It surprised and actually even agitated me a little. Aurelian’s lack of answers only added to my frustration. Despite our happiness earlier that night, the miraculous spectacle of the ring actually caused a rift to form between us. 
	Frustrated and confused, we both silently retracted to our corners and drifted off to sleep that night. We closed our eyes and entered into our own worlds of sleep and dreams in hope of a brighter tomorrow. Though, at some point in the night my journey through the world of dreams was cut short. Deep into the night I found myself nudged awake by a beautiful but deceitful voice. It called to me, also sending in an eerie green light that engulfed the entire room.
	“Wake, Elissa, gently wake,” an eerie voice echoed through the cathedral in the night. I opened my eyes and quickly began to regain a dazed state of consciousness. The voice echoed again. “Come here.”
	The sounds seemed so real that I shot up instantly. I could hardly tell what the sound was at first, thinking for a moment that it might have been something from a dream. Then, the voice called once more. Now I realized that this was anything but imaginary. There was also something else that I felt, something quite disturbing. I felt a presence over me at the moment, something that felt as if it was nearly controlling my movements. It was like a great chain was being put over my mind and beneath its grip I began to cry out in distress.
	“Stand up, Elissa. Come here,” it said. I still found myself lost in the moment, unsure of what to do. It was pulling on me now, telling me to move. Somehow, I found the strength to fight it for a time. It was incredibly short-lived. Whatever grip this thing had on me was just too strong.
	 Then my mind flashed to him. Aurelian. My gaze drifted to him, but he was the only one who wasn’t making a sound.  Oddly enough, while I was wide awake the prince was still fast asleep. That was when my eyes drifted to the strangest sight. Everything from the place where the dusty old pulpit started to the stained glass window had vanished. 
	It had been replaced by a pristine, mirror-like sheet of glass. It was like one of the doors underground, yet it wasn’t. It was something much larger and more luring in nature. From behind its glassy surface there was an eerie green light emitting a hue that engulfed the entire room. 
	“Who are you?” I sternly asked, struggling against the chains. It was as if my rational self was attempting to break free and regain complete control. Yet, it couldn’t. There was something greater than my senses at work here, something completely hypnotizing. 
	“I am the one who can determine your destiny, Elissa,” the voice audibly uttered. Now it was even more luring, a deceitful kind of singing. I looked over my shoulder and then once around the room just to see if this might be a result of some kind of human trickery. This couldn’t possibly be real, could it?
	“Tell me what’s going on!” I demanded, this time fighting the pull of invisible chains the felt twice as strong. When I didn’t see anyone else behind me or to my side, I looked into the glass more closely. There I could see something barely – just barley – that resembled a person’s silhouette. 
	“Do you wonder why you have been awakened in this manner?” The figure slyly asked in response to my demand. 
	“Tell me,” I asked weakly, my mind’s strength and clarity clearly beginning to lapse into numbness.
	“This room is under an enchantment. Your lover is under a spell, fast asleep so that I might speak with you uninterrupted,” the voice explained. “I promise not to harm you. Only come closer to the glass so that I might speak with you. Then, you will know the truth of what is happening around you…”
	As cautious as I was and as much as I had been fighting it; the magnificence of it all did something to me. The chains became too strong for me to resist their pull. The spell temporarily took my concerns and buried them in the back of my mind, numbing my senses. The green light and the booming voice seemed to cast a spell on me that heightened my emotions and drugged me so that I had no grasp over my cares.
	 In a curious daze, I heard the call of the voice and walked toward the portal in the wall. As I came closer, I could see the silhouette more clearly. I could vaguely see a young man, one that looked a bit like Aurelian. Even though he looked to be the same age, something about his demeanor seemed to be more advanced – perhaps because of some sort of torture that lurked underneath it. He was of the same height and build, though his coloring was very different. 
	His skin was snowy and lifeless, yet it contained a silvery undertone similar to Aurelian’s. His hair was like a raven. Beneath his eyes were tallow bags, sunken and tormented. There was a ruggedness to his appearance that testified to a certain determination that he had. It was one of pain and obsession. 
	More than anything else, I noticed that his eyes were like Aurelian’s. Though, unlike Aurelian’s they didn’t seem to be cat-like or change color. They seemed to be darker, more human in appearance. Instead of changing color they emitted an eerie silver glow. Their silver glow pierced me, causing me to stop in place as my spirit recognized their evil as something that I had been met with before. Sensing my sudden hesitance in a way that could only be supernatural; the figure smirked and introduced himself.
	“I’ve found you both, Elissa. There is nowhere left for you to hide,” he said. His gaze caused a sudden pang of fear to run up and down my spine. I tried to pull away, but now the invisible chains gripped my hands and feet so that I couldn’t move. “Do you still wonder who I am? You should already know. I am the one with the power to take and give life. I am the true King of the Night Kingdom.”
	Before he even said his name, it already occurred to me. The realization caused me to jump back. I shuddered, feeling as if an icy breeze had blown over me through an open window on a cold winter day. My skin went pale, my insides cold. It was him.
	“That means that you’re…you’re…”
	“King Faolan,” he smirked at me as I shivered. His tone was low and intense, no longer the inviting song that it had been prior. “The true heir to the throne of the Night Kingdom and all of the Other Worldly realms!”
	“What are you doing here?” I suddenly snapped, my defenses freeing themselves from their spell long enough to begin fighting again. Using all of the strength that I could, I pulled away and ran to Aurelian’s side like wildfire. I came within just a few inches of his sleeping body so that I might nudge him awake, but before I could touch him Faolan stopped me.
	“I wouldn’t try to wake him, Elissa…” Faolan wickedly trailed off. “If you do, it might very well kill him.”
	Just nearly about to reach for Aurelian’s head, I froze. Kill him? Surely this had to be a trap. Everything was happening so quickly that I could hardly process it, but I reasoned that it might have been a lie. Perhaps he was only saying it to save himself from being discovered…but, perhaps he was right. Even though I wanted to deny it, the warning caused me to stop and turn around. This was the jealous monster of Aurelian’s tales, I realized. What kinds of disastrous powers would be unleashed on him if I disobeyed?
	“Kill him?” I slowly started, shaking in horror as I turned away from my Prince and walked cautiously toward the mirror again. “What would kill him?”
	“Many things might kill him, my dear,” Faolan snidely remarked once more. After that, he let out a wicked laugh. “There’s presently a spell over him…so waking him yourself might have very deadly results. Though, the spell is not nearly as deadly as what I intend to do to him. Now that I’ve found where he’s been hiding I have no choice but to kill him myself.”
	 “Kill him? Why?” I helplessly shook, looking into the silvery eyes of the monster on the other side of the glass. I asked him why, but inside I already knew. This was what Aurelian had been running from…he was a monster, a beast. I was standing face-to-face with the curse itself.
	“Oh, Elissa…I must do so, it is the law,” Faolan explained coolly. “My brother is a coward. He is a fugitive…you know that better than anyone else in your world. As much as my brother has confided in you, has he not confided in you that he faces death for breaking the laws of my kingdom?”
	“Aurelian has broken no law,” I snapped at him. “You’re a liar!”
	“Am I a liar, Elissa? I am the King of my people...it is my duty to bring lawbreakers to justice. It is my duty to rid the world of all of those who threaten or monarchy. Perhaps Aurelian has told you that I am the face of evil, that I have taken his throne and his power….But, has he told you the true reason that he has been running from me? That his refusal to take the throne is considered a crime?” Faolan raged on, spitting out words that I knew were lies.
	“No,” I shouted in return, “But he has told me that you intend to kill him in a jealous rage!”
	“Has he?” Faolan questioned in return. “Well then, you must know that I do indeed hold the power to do so…and since I have found him, I have the power to do so right now.” 
	I fell silent. Faolan eyed me intensely, soon drifting his gaze to Aurelian’s sleeping guise. His glare was unforgiving and undeniably threatening. The power of the chains on my mind had worn away; the power of the enchantment on my emotions was still strong. I didn’t know it, but the spell still had me wrapped around Faolan’s finger. My emotions were heightened to a dangerous and irrational degree. 
	I fought it all that I could, but there was no way for me to fully fend it off.  Now I felt terribly powerless, something that Faolan could clearly see. I didn’t matter what he said from here. I had been made weak enough to fall prey to his lies and actually believe them. This was what Faolan wanted – what he needed in order to manipulate me into getting his way.
	“No,” I pitifully sobbed, powerlessly pleading. “Please, don’t! I don’t understand why Aurelian’s actions are deserving of death…but even so, I’m begging you! Why add to your kingdom’s habitual bloodshed? There has to be another way!”
	“I regret to do it…but now that I’ve found him, if I fail to kill him now I must bring him back. Unless…” Faolan trailed off, smirking. 
	“Unless what?” I sobbed. There was silence. “Unless what?” I repeated.
	“Unless…someone were to take his place.”
	“Take his place?” I echoed again. “You mean, like as a human sacrifice?”
	“If you’d like to think that,” Faolan nonchalantly explained. “Though, it doesn’t have to be. I must either take a life or bring one back with me. Perhaps it would mean death…or perhaps it could mean something different. There are many things I need…and if you would be willing to give them to me…I might spare him.”
	Now I understood what this was. I fell into silence and looked back and Aurelian. He was still peacefully asleep, seemingly unaffected by any of this. All I could think of was his life. I could sense that there was a choice looming over me at that moment that would either save his life or end it. I knew now that unless something grand happened, Faolan was either going to be leaving with a victim or leaving with his victim’s blood on his hands. If I truly cared for Aurelian, I couldn’t let the blood be his.
	“Alright, alright,” I let out, feeling a chill run through me. “You can stop playing the games now. Just tell me what you want from me. What do I have to do in order to keep you from hurting Aurelian?”
	At the end of my sentence, a sly grin rolled across his face. Faolan’s tone became low, narrowed and intense. His silvery eyes met mine in an intimidating stare. 
	“Come back with me and agree to become my wife. Then, I will spare him.” 
	My whole body became cold and clammy. I clutched the ring around my chest before looking over my shoulder  one last time. I loved him so deeply, so much more than I could even understand! I knew I had promised to marry Aurelian…but I had also promised him that my love for him would never end. Would it go against my promise to Aurelian if I left with this man? If it was, I would be betraying the one I loved. Yet, if I didn’t I’d still betray him. His blood would be on my hands. It all came down to me now.
	I knew what Faolan was capable of. I could sense the evil just from looking at his silhouette. Now I was the piece that determined the picture in this puzzle, the game piece that guaranteed this game’s outcome. Whatever move I chose to make would end in a loss. There was no way to win. 
	But, just because I couldn’t win didn’t mean that Aurelian had to suffer. How could I say that I loved him if I wasn’t willing to protect him myself? Whatever I’d said or done, I had to be brave now. I had to let him live. I was compelled by love to protect him.
	“I will go with you,” I told Faolan soberly. 
	“And you will marry me?” Faolan hastily asked me in return.
	“Yes, I will marry you. But, only if you promise not to hurt him.”
	“Yes, yes, of course,” he deceitfully assured me before letting out a gloating laugh. “Now, leave with me before I change my mind.”
	I took a few steps forward before stopping. Now that I had made my decision, the invisible chains which had bound me became loosed. I looked over my shoulder again with tears in my eyes. There was no other way, it seemed. This was the only way that I could save him. I still couldn’t bear the thought of parting from him. Without thinking, I darted back to Aurelian’s side. Faolan became agitated in an instant, threatening to go back on his word if I didn’t leave with him at that moment.
	“I only want to tell him goodbye,” I solemnly expressed. 
	Remembering my promise, my mind flashed to the ring again. If I gave it back it would surely be another reason for my desperate heart to inch closer to Aurelian just long enough to give a satisfactory goodbye. I clutched the ring around my neck, sternly turning to Faolan and trying to make it seem as if I was only turning to give it back. When he saw what I was doing, he gave me a hasty but aggravated nod of approval before warning me to make haste.
	I bent down at Aurelian’s side, the prince still fast asleep under his enchantment. Although he wasn’t cognizant, I still whispered into his ear. Perhaps there was a slight chance he would hear me as he ran across the fields of his dreams; a chance that my voice would remain in his thoughts and somehow help to mend his broken heart when he later woke to find that I wasn’t there. I opened my mouth to speak, but at first I couldn’t muster it. I broke down, put my head on his chest and wept before I was able to compose myself enough give him a clear message.
	“Goodbye, Aurelian,” I softly told him as I sobbed into his chest. Faolan jealously watched from a distance, able to hear what I was saying in full but remaining quiet. “I know that when you wake, there will be pain. But, I hope that one day you will know the truth. I pray that one day you will find comfort and happiness in knowing that I will always love you.”
	My words caused Faolan to seethe. I bent down to kiss Aurelian, but the very notion of it caused Faolan so much jealousy that he broke his silence. He narrowed his gaze at me and spoke up in a way that revealed a weaker, threatened side to his prideful persona.
	“Kiss him and he’s dead!” Faolan threatened. “You are my bride now. You must be faithful to me. Otherwise, I won’t keep my word.”
	I pulled myself away from Aurelian in an instant, forcefully and tearfully retracting before I could give him my kiss. It left a great and incomplete void in my heart, but I still couldn’t do anything that might cost him his life. Faolan still paid no care to my plight. He again demanded that I proceed to rid myself of his brother’s ring. In fear of what might happen next, I put my hands around my neck and began to unlatch the chain. Though, there was a sudden thought that crossed my mind at that moment that caused me to hesitate. It was a thought that was accompanied by an overwhelming urge to keep it.
	For some reason, there was a feeling I had inside that as long as I kept this ring with me there was hope that someday Aurelian and I might be together again. Although Faolan was urging me to return it, I just knew I couldn’t do it. My arms froze in place for a few seconds, remaining in the same position they were when they began to unlatch the chain. Seeing my hesitance, the possessive Faolan threatened me again.
	“Are you a faithful bride, Elissa?” Faolan jealously quizzed. “A faithful bride wouldn’t hesitate to return an object of her former lover’s affections.”
	I took in a deep breath, shaking. 
	“I’m only trying to unlatch this…it appears to be stuck,” I lied.
	“Well, should I come and help you release it?” Faolan growled through his teeth.
	“No,” I tried to tell him calmly, still shaking. “That won’t be necessary.” 
	I ripped it from my neck in a second, trying to make it seem as if I was really going through with it. I took the ring and made it seem like I was tucking it underneath the collar of Aurelian’s shirt. Though, in reality I had already tucked it into my cloak pocket and out of sight. In the corner of my eye, I saw something else I’d stolen away with just a few hours earlier. 
	It was the page that seemed to tell the story of our destinies – the lone piece I had from my lost book of folklore. I had a sudden urge to rush and get it, but I knew better than to do it. If I didn’t leave with Faolan soon, there was no way to know what kind of ill-tempered rage he would be thrown into. So, I took in a deep breath and stood up, turning back toward the glass and walking to Faolan.
	“Are you ready?” Faolan irritatedly snapped at me from behind the glass. “You’re lucky that I’m in such a generous mood. All of this wailing of yours has been testing my patience.”
	He flashed me a snaring kind of stare before urging me to come and join him. I looked down in reluctant silence before giving him my answer. 
	“Yes, I’m ready,” I told him. 
	In no more than a few seconds, he reached through the translucent glass. After that, the rest of him emerged. It was the first time he had actually physically crossed over since appearing to me, and the moment that he did so I could sense that there was something darker and more terrible to all of this than I could imagine. For just a few seconds, I could see him clearly. I studied his features, realizing that they were of the same otherworldly handsomeness of Aurelian.
	 Beneath them, I could see his tormented soul painfully and terrifyingly overwhelming his whole being. For some reason, it caused me to feel pity for him. Yet, it also intimidated and terrified me. Faolan suddenly looked down at me, grinning almost gawkingly as he took note of our significant difference in strength and height. Then, the King grabbed me. Instead of taking me by the hand gently he took his arms and locked them around my waist, thrusting me upwards into his grasp so that there was no way for me to weave out of it. 
	Then, he turned back to the glass and jumped.
	




34 | Trapped



	“Welcome to the Night Kingdom,” he told me in a grandiose voice once we reached the other side. No longer fearing an attempted escape, he placed my feet back on the ground.
	“Where are we?” I quietly muttered. In an instant I heard the sound of a great door snapping shut behind us. A dreadful cold chilled my bones now, and when I opened my eyes to see where I was all I could see was a place shrouded in black.
	“We’re one of the halls of the castle, of course,” he answered. “Would you like me to show you where you’ll be staying?”
	I knew that it wasn’t truly a question. A look of despair clouding my face, I hung my head low and let him take my hand. Compared to mine it was unbearably cold, almost like a corpse. In a moment of shock, I pulled my appendage away from his. Faolan looked back at me in disgust.
	“You’re resisting me?” He quizzed. “Should I go back on my promise?”
	I reluctantly shook my head and went along with him for the rest of the journey. He took me out of the blackness into a castle with scaling roofs and vast corridors. This was nothing like the kind of castle that I would have wishfully imagined as a little girl. It was dreary and chokingly dark, cloaked in hues of every shadowy and unsettling color. The entire way I also couldn’t rid myself of a growing feeling that I was nearing closer to my death. 
	After a tour of many dreary, deserted hallways and rooms Faolan brought me to an abrupt stop. Two eerily familiar, towering doors stood before us. The sight made me shiver. In my fears, I reached into my cloak pocket to get a small touch of the ring. The motion brought me a moment of calm in the despair. It also gave me back a rush of consciousness, even strength. 
	All of a sudden I felt strong again, as if I could stand my ground just a little more firmly when I had given myself as a sacrifice in a way that I thought rendered me helpless. I remembered my gift of strength and purity and found a sense of peace. I also found myself met with a feeling that his threats might have been void…that – I don’t know – things might not have been as hopeless that they seemed.
	 Faolan sensed it, too. He hated it. This new sense of strength I had was surely a threat. Wanting to exercise his power over me again, he narrowed his eyes and spat. Faolan had already seen me reach into my pocket. He sneered as if he already knew of my treachery. From behind a wicked grin, the King violently grabbed my wrist to reveal the ring in my grasp.
	“You thought that you could hide something from me?” Faolan suddenly snapped. “I’ve known of your unfaithfulness from the moment you conspired to disobey me. I can see all things, Elissa. I already knew that you weren’t going to be a faithful bride to me. Your heart belongs to someone else.”
	“Then why didn’t you say anything?” I shook. 	
	“Because I didn’t take you here to serve as a mere wife,” he growled in reply.
	At that moment, he used magic to thrust the doors open. On the other side of their towering majesty I saw a tall ledge upon which sat the King’s throne. The ledge was enormous, so enormous that there was a flight of stairs that spanned at least 50 feet in the air simply to reach the seat. If any mortal man were to fall from the very top, it wouldn’t have been wrong to assume that it would be fatal. Beside the seat, there was a large golden cage. As soon as I saw it, I knew that this journey had been for no marital engagement. 
	Faolan began to pull me into the room, though with my strength back I didn’t cease fighting him with kicks and screams along the way. It was useless. With his inhuman strength he was able to drag me up the stairs in less time than a single breath. Once we reached the top, he opened the door to the cage and shoved me in. I grabbed the bars of the door rashly, shaking them and trying to pry them open. I should have known – I was no sacrifice – I was only entering into a trap.
	“Don’t bother trying to find a way out,” Faolan warned me at once. “The cage is enchanted. I am the only one who can unlock it.”
	“Why have you done this to me?” I desperately screamed from behind the bars. He only laughed.
	“Ha – I’ve done nothing to you yet, foolish girl. Right now I am simply using you to get what I want,” the monster answered. 
	“I thought that we had a deal,” I told him as I held myself back from revealing any more potential weakness in my tears. “I was to come here and marry you so that you would spare Aurelian!”
	“I didn’t promise that I would marry you,” Faolan snidely remarked. “I only required that you agree to it. Did I not also say that I may decide to let you suffer something else?”
	“So you’re going to kill me then,” I darkly uttered, hanging my head low.
	“Oh, don’t lament over it,” Faolan rolled his eyes, somewhat annoyed. “I didn’t say I was going to kill you, did I? Perhaps I will…perhaps I won’t. My terms were that I would bring you here to serve a certain purpose. Though, exactly what that purpose is may not be decided. For now, you have another purpose…” he gave me a deranged look from outside of the cage. “A purpose that will give me everything I want and more.”
	Faolan reached his hand into the cage, attempting to tenderly caress my face in his sick fit of rage. As soon as he brushed against it I pulled away. What did this sick man want? I didn’t care who or what he was anymore – but I did care about what he was capable of. What was he going to do to me? In a few seconds time, I began to realize that this might not have actually been about me after all. Though, I tried to put the worst thoughts from my mind and remain silent about my suspicions. 
	“What is it that you want, Faolan? Make up your mind! You already have the throne! You almost had me. I was going to give myself to you…willingly,” I spoke up angrily as I leaned against the cage. Maybe if I argued my case it could end up sparing us.
	“Silence!” He demanded, leaning close in between the bars and snaring at me. “Perhaps I will marry you – but not on your terms. No. First I have another purpose for you to serve.  Perhaps then I will decide to spare you if I’m not tiresome of your company. You’re obviously not stupid. You’ll realize what my intentions are soon enough.” 
	What was this purpose he had for me to serve? His riddles tormented me more than Aurelian’s ever could have. I hated him – I hated all of this! He’d lured me here only to trap me in a dreary castle and lock me in a golden cage. Whatever the purpose was, I knew it couldn’t have been something pleasant. There was nothing left that I could do but protest. Angered, I screamed back at him. 
	“Why must it be this way? You’ve already won a throne that wasn’t yours. Must you do the same to me, a human being who cannot be won or claimed?”
	In an instant, Faolan taunted me with the ring that he had snatched from my hand. Reminded of Aurelian, I sat down and hung my head low. Though, I still didn’t let it leave my sight before taking note of the fact that in Faolan’s hands the once purple gem had turned completely black. Faolan suddenly grabbed me by the wrists and inched in toward my face.
	“You can be claimed,” he said spitefully. “And now you belong to me.”
	Now I was fuming and distressing all at the same time. It was clear now that Faolan considered me his prisoner. It seemed that there was no way that he was going to release me. Still, I knew in my heart that I didn’t belong to him as he said I did. I would never belong to him. In a sudden rush of passion, I stood up and gritted my teeth.
	“I don’t care what you say. I will never belong to you,” I felt another rush of passion at the sight of the daunting ring. “My heart is Aurelian’s, and his mine!”
	“Then why don’t you take this ring as a token of remembrance,” Faolan jokingly expressed, throwing the ring into the place where I sat in the cage. I picked it up in my hands and grasped the precious item with all of my might. “Now all that you’ll ever have is your memories. From this moment, the rest of your life will be filled with the aching of your missing love!”
	Still clutching the ring, I stood up and challenged Faolan. I might not have fully understood what was going on, but I did know what was good and true. I still had to stand on my convictions. Faolan’s terms had been shady and plan covered in lies; leading me to believe that this could only mean that Aurelian would come back so that we could triumph over this together. I clung to my hope – perhaps a bit rashly – so strongly that I began to believe that this entire scenario was more harmless than it was. I still didn’t fully see the trap before us.
	“You’re wrong,” I said without thinking, “If  you’ve taken me here just to keep me from Aurelian – you’re going to fail. The moment that he sees that I’m gone he’s going to begin searching for me just as I would if I lost him.” I stopped for a moment, taking in a deep breath and sternly looking into Faolan’s silvery eyes. “He will come for me.”
	The room fell silent. Faolan laughed and displayed another one of his wicked grins. He hadn’t been affected by my passionate speech or threatening words. No, he already had something bigger unfolding in this all. It was something that surpassed any of my expectations; something that in the heat of the moment I had still failed to see. A few moments later he turned away from me and spoke up in a deep, intense tone.
	“Yes, he will come for you. I assure you, he will.” 
	In an instant, something about Faolan’s monstrous words suddenly set in. I finally realized what this was! My heart dropped and my skin paled in horror of what I’d just realized. Still turned from me, Faolan already sensed from my silence what his words had sparked. This wasn’t about me anymore, I realized. This was about the one I loved. I wasn’t a sacrifice – no. I was bait that Faolan would use to lure Aurelian back into his poisonous world and bring him to his eternal downfall.
	 A feeling of powerlessness overcame me as I realized that now there was nothing that I could do. I was trapped behind the bars of this cage, seemingly defenseless against this supernatural power. I clutched the ring in my hand despairingly, watching its gem change color in the palm of my hand. Now I was certain that at least one of us was going to meet our end. 
	What love or purity could save us now?




35 | Mazes



	It had been three days since I’d arrived there. Every moment was one that I sat dwindling into a pile of dust at the bottom of the cage I had been shoved into. That cage was worse than any prison I could have conceived – because although Faolan didn’t touch me, every second I spent in that cage was one that Faolan continued to play his game of mental torment.
	These three endless days of Faolan’s trickery made me feel hopeless, for I did indeed expect Aurelian to come after me by now. At the same time, I already knew that the outcome would be grim. Even if I longed for Aurelian selfishly in the short term, I knew what would happen if he came and prayed that somehow he wouldn’t find me. It was like a vicious tug-of-war in my mind; one side begging that Aurelian would come to my rescue and the other side begging that he would stay far away. Though, Aurelian was going to come. Faolan had assured me of it. 
	On the third day, I had nearly been reduced to a pile of dust. Faolan continued sitting on his throne a short distance away from me as my cruel captor, rising and falling in small bouts of threats and gloating every step of the way. I had nearly lost all of my strength, but as I continued to clutch the ring in my hand I reckoned with myself not to lose all of it. Faolan suddenly got up from his throne and began circling my cage again, testing me. This time he displayed a clever smirk, apparently wishing to tell me of some new plan or conspiracy.
	“It has been three days, Elissa. My brother still has not come for you. Perhaps it is time to rethink the person to whom you owe your love.” 
	 “I will do no such thing,” I glared at him, mustering the little strength I had left to stand up. “It doesn’t matter where he is or how long it’s been – you know nothing of true love!”
	“Oh?” Faolan mockingly spat. “True love. I know everything of true love – I know that there is no such thing!”  He narrowed his eyes at me and paused before continuing again. “True love is just a fable.”
	“To my people, you’re just a fable. But you clearly seem real,” I cleverly shot back in reply.
	“You think you’re so clever?” Faolan answered to this disrespect, “You had better hold your tongue…especially considering that I’ve been thinking about making you a new offer.”
	“What offer?” I shot back.
	“Today is the day that your purpose will have been served. I could dispose of you…or I could use you for something else…”
	 In that instant, Faolan deceitfully softened. He acted as if he was newly tenderhearted and willing to give me love. Faolan reached his hand into the cage and grabbed my hands, snatching my ring and taking it out to examine it. After a few seconds he reached back into the cage and slipped it onto my finger. I remained motionless, sober-faced and silent.
	“I am fonder of your company than you’d know…so, I’ve decided that I might spare you and make you my wife.”
	“So, then you will spare Aurelian?” I asked him in surprise.
	“This isn’t a replacement for the plans which I have already made,” he glared. “It is an offer to spare you from the fate that I had originally intended to fall upon you both.”
	Faolan reached into the cage, attempting to caress my face. I turned away from him in disgust. Although my opposition was clear, he continued to persuade me.
	“Marry me, Elissa. Allow me to spare you. Your marriage to me will be payment for my mercy.” 
	I backed away from him in that instant. Faolan was still a monster to me. His reasoning didn’t make any sense at all! He didn’t understand what love was. He believed that he was the King of the world and that he would be able to win my affections because of it. He had the nerve to ask for my hand as payment for a debt…and he still intended to kill the one that I really loved! Part of me was cringing in disgust, while there was another part of me that couldn’t help but feel strange pity. Instead of answering with biting words, I looked into his eyes with every ounce of soft, discerning certainty that I could muster.
	“That’s what you’re missing, my King! Love is not a debt owed to another unwillingly. It is a debt that two souls owe to each other willingly and eternally.” I told Faolan with an inhuman amount of strength. “I can’t marry you as payment for mercy. I will only agree to it if you spare the one I love.”
	My words did something to Faolan that I’d never seen before. For the first time since I’d seen him, it appeared as if they’d actually penetrated him. When the silence was over, he spoke up again; speaking as if he had been disappointed, even betrayed. Considering how heartless Faolan seemed, his actions could only lead me to believe that he was entirely mad. Then, Faolan did the unthinkable. He suddenly put his hand on the lock of my cage, unlatched it and let me go free.
	“You’re letting me go?” I asked in confusion. Before I could think one more thought, Faolan grabbed me by the waist and pulled me into his trapping embrace.
	“No,” he whispered into my ear. “It appears that your prince is here for you.”
	The message he gave me had a meaning so surreal that at first I couldn’t comprehend it. After my three days of torment, I had both anticipated and dreaded the moment when Aurelian would come. Now I shook, wanting to deny this all I could. 
	“No,” I muttered in cold shock, “No…”
	“Oh, but he is!” Faolan wickedly told me. “He’s just opened the third-to-last portal…he’s risking it all to save you. He’s crossed over now – and he’s just in time to have a little journey through the maze!”
	“The maze?” 
	“Yes, the maze! He is lost in an endless chamber of traps and mirages…by the time he reaches us here, he will be half dead! And considering that it takes quite a lot to kill my kind, you’ll soon see that my power surpasses anything you can fathom.”
	Thinking of what horrors Aurelian might have been facing caused me to shake. What if the maze contained a wall of knives? What if he found himself faced with a monstrous dragon? These thoughts crossed my mind, but only briefly. Still not seeing any evidence of this, I reasoned that it must have been one of Faolan’s tormenting tricks.
	“You’re lying!” I exclaimed.
	“No, this time I’m afraid that I’m telling the truth,” he smirked. “Why don’t we watch it as it conspires?”
	Faolan took his free hand – the other still firmly gripped around my waist as I squirmed – and used it to cast some sort of spell that allowed him to move the air into one of the strange, mirror-like formations that he always used to see the world. In the mirror’s glass was a moving image – almost like a movie – that displayed the image of a young man running in darkness. The young man was seemingly unprepared for battle but valiant nonetheless. In his hand he held a sword as his feet carried him through a treacherous maze of traps that shot every terrible and impaling thing from balls of fire to shards of ice. My heart dropped when I realized who the valiant young man was. It was Aurelian.
	“I’ll give you one last chance, Elissa. Stay with me and live. Refuse me and suffer the same death as he.” Faolan lowered to me in a whisper. 
	Seeing life and death dance before me, I fell silent. I closed my eyes, contemplating. Was there a way to change this? No, I realized. This was out of my hands now. As much death as I’d escaped, I’d never been as entangled with it as I was now. I couldn’t marry Faolan. I wouldn’t. If Aurelian was going to die, then so would I. 
	“I’d rather die.” 
	“Very well,” Faolan coldly remarked. He bent down and gave me a kiss on the cheek. I winced in pain, for his touch burned like acid. “You’ve made your choice. Now it’s time for you to serve your purpose.” He suddenly released me from his grasp, throwing on me on the ground with such force that I was nearly propelled over the edge of the ledge we had been standing on.
	“What are you going to do?” I shook.
	“I’m not going to anything,” he glared. “You are going to bring me the prince.”
	“I will do no such thing!” I shouted, knowing good and well what would happen if I did. Faolan remained where he was standing, instead using his hand to cast a sort of magic over me that forced me to stand up.
	“Not willingly…but with a little magic I can make you do anything. And I have more than enough magic to get what I want.”
	“Whatever magic you use – I will defy it!” I shouted at him in return. “I will fight it with every ounce my being, I will –”
	“Oh, silence you foolish girl! You cannot defy my magic…you cannot fight it! My magic is one of the strongest powers that there is, much more powerful than anything you can conjure up,” Faolan spat. He waved his hand, causing me to feel a familiar invisible chain wrap around my entire body. “Now, you are going to find my brother in the maze. Then, you will lead him here to me. He’ll be so enthused with you that there will be no way for him to resist.”
	“No, you’re still wrong. The moment that I see him I will tell him everything you’ve done to me and everything that you intend for him! He’ll never come to you after he realizes the truth – just wait and see –”
	“You still amuse me, Elissa,” Faolan interrupted. “You think I haven’t already contemplated that? Of course I have. You won’t be telling him anything. Ha! I’m putting you under an enchantment that will force you to do everything I desire. If you so much as try to breathe a word about my plans to him – you’ll find yourself mute before you can even make a sound!”
	At that moment, Faolan did something that caused me to feel as if my heart and lungs were being crushed by a massive weight. I found something take grip around me, tightening until I couldn’t bear it anymore. Then, my legs were moving. Faolan turned me away, and against my will I found myself journeying down the stairs. My legs continued by themselves stopped by absolutely nothing until I had navigated through the darkest passageways and tallest corridors of the castle. 
	Somehow I found myself being carried outside into a strangely familiar place – one that was familiar, but darker than I could see in my memories. I had exited through a bitterly cold concave into a spectacular palace garden. For just a moment I was able to tilt my head upwards and see the blackest, most dreary night sky. There were no clouds, but the sky still was not clear. It was deep and murky, void of any stars. In the sky, there was just one light that was bright enough to see by. Its surface was poetic, the description something I had reminisced before. It was a lone but massive moon; its hue the color of crimson.
	In a sudden jolt of pain, my head snapped back into place and looked straight forward. My legs propelled me into what appeared to be a hedge maze. It was so oddly familiar…I could have sworn it was the one I had at home. Though, aside from their similar shape they were completely polar entities. Instead of being made of docile hedges, the bushes in this maze were made of choking vines and trees with thorny branches. 
	It was like a forest I’d never seen before – the thorns lining the maze’s edges so large that some of them might have even been larger than the tip of a spear or an arrow. Besides the maze’s deadly lining, the inside felt so terrible I don’t know if I can rightly describe it. It was hotter than the hottest fire, yet it was so bitterly cold that I thought I might have gotten frostbite. The smell was awful, the entire place smelling of choking sulfur. It was a horrific place, almost seeming to be the belly of Hell itself. I fought with my mind and my body against entering, but my legs would allow me no control. I was pushed right into its thorny clutches. 
	As soon as I was in, the oddest and most dreamlike feeling began to come over me. With each step I took, it threatened to overcome me completely. Inside, I knew what it was. I must have been Faolan bringing me closer to Aurelian and manipulating me to control what I was doing. It was a completely engulfing feeling, but with every ounce of will that I had left I fought it. Fighting it was a painful but necessary thing – so painful that I had tears coming down my face from the torment. But, even my greatest strength could not fully overpower what Faolan was manipulating to do.
	It wasn’t only in my mind, but also transforming my outward appearance. Almost as if Faolan’s intention, I found myself stopped before a pool of water in the center of the maze. I knelt down by the pool and tilted my head to see my reflection. By means which I cannot explain – I was no longer wearing my now-tattered travelling clothes. Instead, I wore a flowing silk dress. It was strangely reminiscent the dress I had worn when I was with Aurelian on the night of the masquerade. A gleaming silver crown sat on my head. I shivered.
	There wasn’t a doubt in my mind that this appearance had been staged in order to make a man find me beautiful. Though, it was a beauty I wholeheartedly wished I wasn’t taking part in. It was not true beauty, but a beauty that was deceitful. In the midst of terror, gnarling and shouting all around me – the spell that was over me caused my legs to stand and drive me away from the spot where I was once again.
	For a short time I wove silently through more of the spiraling thorny passages until a great shout caused me to come to a stop. I heard a voice crying out in despair, a sound that caused my enchantment to temporarily ware away as my impassioned instincts took hold of me again. There was a voice that seemed to be calling my name. The voice was Aurelian’s.
	“Elissa! Elissa!” He shouted a short distance away. I heard the sounds of violent wind and raging fire come with it as if they were going to engulf him if he came closer. For a just a moment I became conscious again, conscious enough for my emotions to surge through me and my mind to temporarily forget my gloomy purpose in this place.
	“Aurelian!” I shouted, running toward the sound. 
	We both carried ourselves blindly in the choking darkness until we could each sense the other near. Finally, I turned a corner and surfaced to see Aurelian standing just feet from me. A ceiling of fire shot over our heads at the very moment we found each other in sight. None of the chaos mattered. I darted to Aurelian and he darted to me. We had been driven to the point of madness and now there was nothing that could keep us from rushing into each other’s arms. 
	“Oh, Elissa!” Aurelian cried as we threw ourselves into an embrace. “I thought I had lost you!”
	“Aurelian –” I started, filled with equally as much emotion. The first thought I had was of the terrors which I’d just endured. Then Faolan. There was so much to tell him, so much to warn him of. Though, as soon as I thought of it I was rendered unable to make another honest sound. The fire shot over our heads and rained down around us. Unable to speak, I fell into his arms feeling completely terrified.
	 Though, apparently even my silence wasn’t enough to get Faolan what he wanted. The next thing I knew, the invisible chains over my soul overwhelmed my emotions so greatly that my demeanor changed completely. Despite fire and ice raining down around us, I became cool and collected – even somewhat seductive in my demeanor. Words came out of my mouths that were not my own, actions from my body that were not dictated by my own consciousness. My will had been buried in the back of my mind, replaced by Faolan’s. As soon as it happened, the chaos stopped. The maze seemed to brighten, the tumult quiet.
	“Aurelian,” someone else’s words came from my lips. Artificial tears came down my cheeks, though at some point they became mixed with real ones that had been spurred from the pain of knowing I couldn’t control myself. “It’s been three days! I thought you’d never come. Where were you?”
	“It only seems that way because of the way that time is distorted here. I’m sorry I didn’t wake sooner. I came as soon as I realized that you were gone,” Aurelian explained to me, tenderly caressing my face with his hand. “Time passes differently here than it does in your world. A moment in your world can be a day in mine, sometimes two or three. But that doesn’t matter anymore. I’m here now.” 
	We sat in silence for an eternity, my heart screaming from within but unable to make a single word of truth come from my mouth. In the silence, Aurelian looked into my eyes. He became disoriented and dazed, as if he was being affected by the same enchantment that I was. 
	“You look…so beautiful,” he admitted as he stared at me with an awestricken gaze. 
	My heart dropped when I realized that this must have meant that my enchantment was about to ensnare him and lead him to his death. It had already begun to happen, so it seemed that this would inevitably be the case. Yet, perhaps Faolan’s power still wasn’t all it seemed. Maybe there was still a way to change this. Unsure of what I could do, I used every ounce of strength in my spirit to fight the control of the spell that was over me. Though, it seemed that every time I fought against this spell; its control consumed me even more rapidly.
	“Oh, love, let us leave this horrible place. When can we go home?” The girl inside of me softly beckoned. 
	“Yes, yes, we must leave,” Aurelian stammered. “We must leave at once.”
	“Come then, let us leave the maze. I have escaped from your brother long enough to see that there is another open door in the castle. It is the one that Faolan used to take me here – and we can use it to get back.”
	“Are you certain?” He suddenly asked me, apparently climbing out of his trance. “If you’ve been here for three days, it seems that he surely would have closed it.”
	“Aurelian, I am certain!” The other voice spoke from my lips. “I saw it with my own eyes, I even crossed through it! Besides, it’s our only chance to get out of this place alive!”
	“Elissa, I don’t think you understand how dangerous it would be to go back into the castle,” Aurelian explained to me in utter seriousness. 
	Now his trance had been nearly shattered as he realized the dangers he faced in reality. As his awareness gradually came back, so did a sense he had that something was strange about all of this. Exactly what it was he didn’t know, but now Aurelian could see that something about me seemed a bit off. 
	“Elissa, you don’t seem well,” he remarked. “Are you alright? Has anything been done to you that I should know about?”
	“Nothing has been done to me!” The voice shot back defensively. “Nothing but the pain of your failure to rescue me in a timely manner! Faolan has been kinder to me than even you have.” Although I still wasn’t in control of my words, the next ones came with extreme cringing on my part. They were released with so much pain on my part that I was actually able to hesitate. “He’s been so kind to me that I’m contemplating an offer of marriage.”
	As soon as the words seemed to come from my mouth, Aurelian’s demeanor changed from one of hope to despair. His heart sunk, his features also sinking low in hurt and betrayal. This wasn’t right. It couldn’t be! I had to have been fooled, he reasoned, fooled! Pain overwhelmed me at the sight of this sadness. Oh, how I wished I could say or do something! My true self watched this all unfold helplessly as the enchantment continued to use my body for its purposes.
	“No – no, Elissa. You can’t marry him,” The prince pleaded. “I don’t know what he’s said or done to you in your time here, but whatever he has done is a lie. Faolan is consumed by his curse…deceived by it –”
	“Well, if you think he’s no good – why don’t you fight for me?” The enchantment barked in a way that I probably never would. I prayed that somehow something would leech out in its words that would cause Aurelian to realize their falsity. Though, nothing did. “Allow me to make a decision for once! Come with me into the castle and let me bring you to the portal myself.”
	“But it’s so dangerous –” Aurelian protested again. Though, the enchantment gave him a look that caused him to fall silent. 
	“Trust me.”
	Deceived by magic, the protesting prince became like malleable clay in Faolan’s hands. Not wanting to lose me again – either because of his actions or to the evil of his brother – he reluctantly agreed to follow. He took me by the hand, and the magic led him on a path to the innermost parts of the castle. The entire way, I was internally screaming. I continued my fight against this monstrosity until my protests were so vehement that they nearly overwhelmed the curse.
	She’s stronger than I thought…I could nearly hear Faolan lamenting in the back of my mind.
	It was as if my will had been buried beneath the ground, just inching its way out of its prison until this moment. Midway through our journey through the castle, my strength nearly broke free. I suddenly stopped my madly driven legs and stood still by my own will, then I let go of Aurelian’s hand. My will had broken free again, but there was no release. Instead of vanquishing the effects of the enchantment, it began battling with it as if the two were evenly matched. I was met with an untold amount of pain before falling to the ground. An extremely petrified Aurelian caught me just before I hit the cold stones on the floor.
	“Aurelian!” I screamed through my pain, able to speak for myself over the artificial voice for the first time. “Go back now! This isn’t me! This isn’t me!”
	I could only utter the words for a few moments before I was met with a completely silencing, choking sensation. It was as if I was dying, but Aurelian knew I wasn’t. Now he realized what was happening to me in full. This was undeniably the work of Faolan! He’d seen this kind of torment many times before – seen this magic affect many suffering people. Yet, he’d never seen anyone defy it for even a moment like I just did. Surely if someone tried to fight this kind of magic it would overpower them until they died. 
	“Go!” I said again, fighting as my body began to seize. 
	“No! I know what this is,” Aurelian snapped. “I will not leave your side. But you must stop fighting this; otherwise you’re going to die! I have to get you out of here” 
	I heard his tone become suddenly intense, firm in a way I’d never seen in Aurelian before. Seeing my physical suffering pained him in a way that nothing else could. It also did something else, something that very few things could – it made him furious. Up until that point I’d seen Aurelian saddened and even irritated – but I’d never seen him as angry as he was now. 
	Despite my protesting, he took my seizing body into his arms and began darting toward a castle door. It was to no avail. Even if I had found the unimaginable strength to fight him, Faolan didn’t need me anymore. He already had us right where he wanted us. The moment that Aurelian darted for a door was the moment that every door and window in that castle thundered shut. Every means to get to the outside world was blocked off now – and like the nightmare that this was for us both – Aurelian and I found ourselves completely trapped. I continued to near death in his arms as I fought with this curse, so Aurelian gently placed me back down on the ground despite all that was happening and began speaking to me.
	“Elissa, you have to listen to me,” he coaxed. “Stop fighting it. I know the truth now; you don’t need to worry anymore. I won’t let it hurt me. But if you don’t give up now, it will kill you.”
	“But…I can’t let it win,” I told him, shaking and pale. 
	Even if it took my life it wouldn’t matter. I was going to die anyway. I internally wept, seeing that Aurelian still didn’t seem to grasp the seriousness of what his brother had planned for him. If he realized what Faolan wanted to do, he was letting his affections for me take precedence over his life. He was going to die, too, so why shouldn’t I? I wanted to defy him, but through all of the pain I was in I looked into Aurelian’s pleading eyes and stopped my protesting. Whatever was in store for the future, Aurelian wanted me to live now. I had to do as he said – not for myself – but for him.
	“I know, I know. But this isn’t something that can win or lose. You have to let it take over for now,” He spoke to me softly as he continued to persuade me. “It won’t last forever. These things never do. Soon it will fade and you will be yourself again. But if you don’t let it take its course; you will die.”
	Seeing the pain in Aurelian’s expression, I did as he said. Little-by-little, I inched away from where I was standing over the control of my psyche. At first it felt like the worst pain anyone could ever imagine – then came relief. Whatever was in me was swiftly taking its seat back over the control over my mind, numbing my defenses as it temporarily sent it into a relieving freefall to the bottom of my subconscious. After that, I remember very little. It was as if I had fallen into a deep sleep, and by the time I woke up again Aurelian would be gone.
	Presently, Aurelian held me in desperation while we both sat on the floor. I was asleep – out of it, whatever way you might put it – and Aurelian quickly realized that although I was no longer near death there were still bigger problems looming. I was presently overwhelmed by magic beyond what most humans can handle, Aurelian was far from the refuge of another dimension, and we were both trapped in a castle that had been shut off from the outside world. 
	“At least we’re still together,” Aurelian grimly muttered. Though, that notion would soon find itself hopeless as well. 
	In the next breath, the place where I had been straddled across Aurelian’s arms became a void. Even though he held onto me tightly just moments before, by means of what could only be magic – in the next few seconds, the space was empty as if I had never been there. Just as Aurelian’s greatest nightmares now always entailed, he had not been able to hold onto me in one of the most dangerous places. He looked down and then again to his sides, hopelessly searching for me. But, it was no use. I had vanished.
	Enraged and despairing, the heroic Prince stood up with his sword in tow. It was no longer a question – his brother had done this. He had done this to torment us together and break him in whatever way that he could. Where was I now? Was I safe? Could I be dead? No, he convinced himself at first. If I had been the bait to lure him here, Faolan couldn’t want me dead so soon. Though, in reality that was all just Aurelian’s hope. There was no way to know, but he vowed to find out. 
	“Where is she?” Aurelian shouted toward the ceiling. He knew better than anyone else that his brother must have been listening. His voice was grim and intense like nothing else. “Wherever you’re hiding, know that I’m coming for you. You will regret that you ever did this! I promise that as long as I’m alive, I will find her!”




36 | Fallen
	


	When I next opened my eyes I had no idea where I was. I could hardly see, but I could feel the constricting sensation of a bone-chilling chain bound around my neck. I immediately knew that my mind was back in my own hands, a harsh and splitting pain shooting across my head with it. As I gained consciousness I could see the darkness from behind my eyelids fade into the dim light of a new room. It was a room just as dark and cold as all of the others in the castle, though this one was oddly different from any of the others. It was covered in mirrors.
	For some reason every wall was blanketed with them, so it wasn’t hard for me to spot my own reflection. I looked like I was nearly a dead woman. There was something else that I could see clearly, something terrifying. I was standing on the edge of a ledge – one much like the one in the throne room – that towered far above the ground. Soon I saw Faolan standing behind me with his arms on my neck; his grasp the bone-chilling chain I had felt tightening around me upon awakening. The next thing I knew, I heard the sound of an abrupt clank! A door had opened somewhere, causing Faolan to display a cruel grin. 
	“It seems we have a visitor. Well done,” Faolan whispered in my ear. 
	The notion caused me to remember what was going on, and all at once I was horrifically jolted fully awake. Somehow, my attention was drawn to one of the mirrors on the ceiling. There, my eye caught sight of the bleakest reflection. I could see Aurelian entering in through a heavy door to the room, in the room just enough for me to see the top of his head in the corner of the mirror. Soon, the reflection moved and came into the room so that his reflection was soon over nearly every one of the strange mirrors. I wanted to cry out, but the moment that I tried to Faolan threw me under his arm and tightened his grip around my neck. 
	“Welcome, my brother,” Faolan spoke loudly from the edge of the ledge as Aurelian entered the room. “It seems you’ve found what you’ve been looking for.” 
	Suddenly, Aurelian was in full view. It was clear that now he was in no humorous approach. He carried a sword in one hand, and now a shield in the other. For a few seconds, the prince cautiously eyed me as he contemplated what to do next. He nearly darted to me, but seeing Faolan’s deathly grip around me caused him to stop. The prince averted his eyes toward his brother and glared.
	“What have you done to her?” Aurelian growled, standing his ground.
	“I’ve done absolutely nothing to her,” Faolan spat in return. “In fact, I’ve been more than hospitable. Haven’t I, Elissa?”
	The sick man took his free hand and tauntingly stroked my cheek. I squirmed and fought him all I could. Apparently he wanted me to speak up, so for just a moment he released me. 
	“You’re a sick man,” I told him in a raspy voice. After my protesting words, Faolan smirked and proceeded to take my neck back into his suffocating grasp and tighten it even more. 
	“Please – please! Stop!” Aurelian begged. Although Faolan wasn’t one for bartering, after Aurelian had made his pleas I felt the constant depletion of the air to my lungs come to a temporary but abrupt halt. “Why must you do this? I’m the one that you want. She’s innocent!”
	“Innocent?” Faolan scoffed; his grip on me as unyielding as could be. “I beg to differ! She knows of our world now, she knows of you. Innocence is only harbored by ignorance. She can no longer call herself ignorant in this – so why should I spare her?”
	“Faolan, please, I am your brother,” Aurelian continued pleading. “Cease your riddles! You hold an innocent woman’s life in your hands now…I beg of you, free her and end this madness!”
	“Madness? You call this madness? No. Running from this throne is madness,” Faolan barked. “Why would I free her now? Because of your pleading? Because she’s your love? None of that is of any matter to me, brother. Not after what you’ve put me through in this life!” 
	It seemed that whatever prayers or pleading that Aurelian had to offer were useless. Nothing was going to keep Faolan from this; nothing was going to stop him! Aurelian continued trying to decipher the situation carefully, desiring that none of his actions might worsen the situation. If Aurelian threatened to move, Faolan glared at him as if to promise that he would hasten my death. Though, if he didn’t move Aurelian was sure that soon I would be dead anyway. There was no way to win! The prince stood helplessly on the stairs in an attempt to negotiate.
	“I won’t spare her for you,” Faolan spat again. “You don’t deserve to see her alive. You’re a coward, Aurelian, a coward! Perhaps I should see to her death…that her suffering will serve as a punishment for your cowardice!” 
	“Don’t you dare harm her!” Aurelian threatened. “If you don’t free her in this instant, you’ll sorely regret it!”
	“Oh, but you’re mistaken!” Faolan spat through his teeth, clutching me even tighter. “After today, I’ll regret nothing!”
	“What have I ever done to you to deserve a punishment such as this?” Aurelian despaired, witnessing me toil before him. Faolan remained completely unmoved. “What has she done?”
	“You know what you’ve done,” Faolan shouted intensely. “You came first. That is your sin! Although we shared the same womb, you came first. Because of it, I was the forgotten one!” 
	There was a single moment in which Faolan appeared to suddenly lose interest in the moment. He looked off to the side, apparently reminiscing bitter memories. The moment that he looked away, Aurelian took the opportunity and started rushing up the stairs. It was still just as useless as before. It seemed that Faolan could never be caught off guard!
	Without giving Aurelian the time to climb one more step, the wretched man reached out and dangled me over the towering ledge. With each step that Aurelian took closer he threatened to let go. Then, Faolan began to do something else. As if I hadn’t been in enough pain already, Faolan began doing something to me that caused me to feel as if the life was been physically drained from my body and placed into his hands. 
	“What are you doing?” Aurelian shook in the face of this strange, evil power.
	“I’m doing what I do best,” Faolan remarked. “I’m taking the life right from her soul!”
	It took the life from me rapidly, making it appear that I was dying before Aurelian’s eyes. Aurelian remained frozen where he was, watching in silent horror. He used more magic to drain the life from me, draining until it was more than evident that he was stealing my life and turning it into his own manipulative power. The draining continued until I was paler than could even be considered pale. My skin was white as death, turning the color of virgin snow.
	“Faolan, stop this!” Aurelian pleaded as my face turned white. “Whatever magic you’re using – stop it this instant! Stop it or I’ll kill you!”
	“Take one more step, and I’ll take more of her life.” Faolan threatened in return.
	 Aurelian continued to eye him, the anger welling up inside. He saw that I was suffering. If he didn’t make a move soon I was going to die – it wasn’t even a question anymore. Perhaps it was risky, but it seemed to be his last chance. Aurelian took in a deep breath, mustering up his courage. It was time to be bold.
	“What’s the use?” Aurelian challenged, “If I don’t kill you now, she’ll meet her end at your hand anyway. If I pierce you, the magic dies with you.”
	“Who’s to say she won’t be dead before your sword reaches me?” Faolan taunted. 
	The magic continued sucking the life from me, this time at a more rapid rate than it had before. It was so painful that I actually lost my mind. Losing the will to live, I weakly reached out to Aurelian and pleaded for his unobtainable help. It was something that would haunt him for many years to come.
	“Aurelian,” I called out in a raspy voice. “Help me!”
	I now hung over the ledge, both trapped and saved by Faolan’s strangling grasp. For a moment my eyes drifted aside lazily and stopped at one of the eerie mirrors on the wall. I wasn’t dead, but when I looked at my reflection I felt so much pain at once that my inability to feel it went suddenly and completely numb. The oxygen was being cut off from my brain, causing my body to feel as if it was flying. I watched my reflection, my peril unfolding as a seemingly eternal picture in the glass. All the while, Faolan continued gloating.
	“Your pleas are useless, brother. Can you not see that this is how I will win? You’re helpless. You know that with every step you take forward, I will bring your love closer to death. Soon, she will be dead – a causality of your foolishness.” 
	“Is that what this is about?” Aurelian pleaded again in tears, reverting back to his stance as a helpless negotiator for the time being. “That you think I am a fool? Is my status as the eldest such a sin that you would think to kill the one I love most? If it is the throne that you want; keep it! I promise that I’m not here to take it from you. I don’t want it!”
	“That’s just it brother! It’s not about who you are…it’s about what you’ve taken from me. All of our lives you were groomed for the throne. Yet, for some reason you were too tenderhearted to take it yourself. It was yours, but you never wanted it. Though, I did. It was my deepest desire, my one love! As long as you were here I could never have it! It left me hungry, loveless and empty! And now…I’m going to do the same to you!” The King’s eye’s narrowed. “See? I’m taking the only thing you have left to live for and I’m destroying it…just like I destroyed our father.”
	Now the taunting had become too much. The mention of his father’s death was the last straw. He was filled with utter ferocity, but still remained motionless. Then, he gazed up at me. I was just barely hanging onto life as I dangled at the end of Faolan’s clutches. It was all or nothing now. If he didn’t move, I’d be dead. One small gasp came from my mouth at that moment, and Aurelian broke. 
	“You vile wolf!” Aurelian snarled. If there was ever a chance at saving me, he would have to take it now. He raised his sword and ran up the stairs at top speed.
	It only lasted a few seconds, but for me it felt like eons. As Aurelian approached, Faolan made sure to keep his promise. With every fraction of a step, Faolan sadistically sucked more and more of the life from my body. Seeing the life fade away, Aurelian ran up the stairs even faster than before. Perhaps there was a chance he would make it in time; a chance that he would reach me before the life was all gone.
	 By the time he neared the top of the steps, Faolan stopped taking the life from me. Instead, he began to loosen his grasp. Once he had neared the top of the flight, Faolan loosened it further. With every step I became more slippery; more apt to fall. Aurelian took another step toward Faolan with his sword. The grip loosened. One more step. I was slipping. Finally, Aurelian reached the top of the flight and charged. The grip opened. Faolan released his hands from around my neck, and I found myself plummeting down to the ground in freefall.
	“NO!” Aurelian shouted, throwing his sword on the ground and leaping to the edge in an attempt to grab me. 
	It was already too late. Before Aurelian was able to do as much as reach for me, I came to a crashing and silent stop on the ground. After the fall, I was awake just long enough to see Aurelian reaching out aimlessly in grief on the pedestal above me. My body had been broken now, shattered and made weary. My eyelids suddenly became heavy, drooping further and further each moment. Then, reflected on every glassy inch of that room of 1,000 mirrors; I closed my eyes as if I was falling into a deep, peaceful sleep. 
	That was the moment that I died. 
	Aurelian watched me in complete horror on the ledge above. How could this be? He had come to save me – this wasn’t supposed to happen! Perhaps I was still alive, he hoped. Though, there wasn’t a chance of it. The air expelled itself from my chest, and Aurelian knew I was gone. I was the only thing he had to live for, the love of his life. Now, I was gone. The prince became consumed with grief; so much so that he forgot where he was. Then – as if he no longer cared what fate awaited him – he turned from his bloodthirsty brother and fell onto his knees. 
	The protection of his sword and shield sat dangerously and unwarily within Faolan’s reach, just feet from where his brother lay defenseless on the ground. Faolan grinned at the sight. This was it, he realized. His brother was broken and off guard. This was the moment that he could finally rid this kingdom of his brother once and for all. He quickly picked up the sword and came up on Aurelian from behind. 
	Presently, the brokenhearted Aurelian still remained prostrate at the sight of my body. It appeared that he was helpless. Though, internally there was a new side to Aurelian beginning to brew. Unaware of his present danger, he looked down at my body again. He reminisced all that I had been, all that I had done. I was all that he had – the only thing he had found in his life to give it new purpose and meaning. Now, I had been ripped from it. I had been ripped from it in the cruelest, bitterest, harshest way. 
	He had hardly been able to hold me in his hands before I slipped through his fingers just like everything else he’d ever loved. It left a void in his heart. The void caused him to feel complete despair…then, anger. The anger welled up from within like a boiling cauldron, something that didn’t seem part of Aurelian’s once-docile nature at all. Then it became more than just anger. It became rage. 
	In the next moment, he looked up and stared blankly at the mirrored wall before him. He caught sight of something that caused this newfound rage to overwhelm him. There, standing right behind him in his reflection was Faolan; sword raised as if ready to slaughter. Faolan saw the reflection in the mirror, too. Instead of fearing what Aurelian might do to him now that he had seen his intentions, he gloatingly smiled. 
	“I’ve taken everything from you. The girl is dead, Aurelian. You have nothing left to live for! Perhaps it is time that you joined her? Now I finally get the thing that I’ve wanted since we were children; your head,” Faolan kicked Aurelian in the stomach so that he would fall backwards onto the ground. “Then I’ll be able to reign forever.”
	He raised his sword high, perhaps a little too high. There wasn’t a doubt in Faolan’s mind that he had won. He had stolen from his brother, defeated and broken him beyond repair. Though, there was something that was about to come that he would have never anticipated. In all of his pride, Faolan didn’t think that he had broken Aurelian to the point that he might become a new person. The next few moments were utterly surreal. 
	As Faolan threatened Aurelian, the rage which had taken root in him caused the prince to do something he’d never done before. Instead of letting himself be slain; Aurelian suddenly grabbed the sword from his brother and wrestled it out of his hands. He took the sword back into his own hand and used an unwarranted and completely unnatural amount of strength to kick Faolan to the ground. It was almost as if a new person had overcome him, a person with such blind fury that he couldn’t be recognized as the docile man that once was. 
	Aurelian thrust his sword into Faolan’s stomach. Faolan was fatally wounded now, but whatever beast lurked inside of Aurelian still didn’t ease up at the sight. Aurelian was unmovable, made of cold stone and brute strength while he continued to put all of his strength on the sword and use it to pin his brother to the ground. He didn’t ease up for quite some time, when his passionate fury was interrupted by the gruff sound of his dying brother’s voice. 
	“Well done,” Faolan suddenly spoke up, partly in surprise and partly in spite. “It seems you’ve turned the tables on this…just as I had dreaded you’d do all along.”
	He began coughing up blood. Aurelian’s impassioned outburst had been nearly fazed by it, but he still didn’t ease up on the sword. Soon, Faolan’s blood was everywhere. But, it was no ordinary blood. The blood of someone as evil as he was would never be the same red color as everyone else’s. No. It was dark and murky, the color of ink. Faolan bled black onto the ground.
	“You’re more like me than I ever thought you were,” Faolan spoke up again. As soon as he said the words, Aurelian began snapping back into reality.
	“No…” he replied, quickly phasing out of his vehement state. His senses suddenly came back into focus and his mind back under his same, docile control. Though, the damage had already been done.
	“Then why do you continue to drive your sword into my body? You have already wounded me beyond repair.” Faolan told his brother in a raspy, pressured voice.
	The prince looked down and saw that his knuckles were white. They clenched the handle of his sword with every ounce of strength that his body had to offer. Aurelian’s entire weight had been placed on it, anchoring Faolan to the ground. What he had just done to this man surpassed the necessary. To Aurelian, it seemed almost like he might have passed into the territory of murder. He let go of his sword and jumped back in horror. What had he done?
	“I’m sorry to have underestimated you,” Faolan maliciously spat along with his blood, “You have proved worthy of the throne after all!” 	
	“You’re a liar!”
	Faolan looked up at his brother, a look of wicked astonishment overcoming him. He had underestimated his brother, yet he still hadn’t. Just like Aurelian had been running from this fate, Faolan had always known that he was doing the same. He had always known this was how it would end; and it caused him to have walled himself against the inevitable. Now, there was no escaping it. But, he still could not accept it - and the anger seethed inside of him to his very last breath. Seeing the horror in his brother’s face as he distanced himself from the sword; he pounced on the weakness this one last time.
	“Am I?” Faolan challenged. “This was always meant for you. The throne is yours now. You are King! Soon the curse will begin pulling you in…tempting you until you’ve been seduced by it. Then you will begin transforming into the very thing you’ve always feared.” 
	“Then I’ll fight it! I’ll fight it with everything in me,”	“Open your eyes! This is your fate! It’s only a matter of time before the power of the throne consumes you. You can try to resist it, but no one can resist its pull very long. It only takes one moment of weakness…then it consumes all that you are.” He stopped to cough for a moment; more of his black, ink-colored blood seeping onto the ground.
	Aurelian continued backing away from his dying brother in horror. He couldn’t have done this. It was impossible! It is true that this world certainly did need to be rid of this evil tyrant – but Aurelian didn’t see it like that. No. This was the act of a monster. He had taken life, not given it. It was the very thing that he had been running from all along.
	“The throne is yours now. I drove myself mad with power because I tried conquering it…and even if you resist it, you’ll find yourself with the same madness,” Faolan warned. Aurelian stiffened. Even with blood on his hands – justified or unjustified – he still couldn’t accept the curse.
	 “Then I’ll go mad! I’ll accept this title, but I’ll never accept the curse that comes with it.”
	“I won’t argue with you over this,” the dying brother spat. “No king over this land has ever resisted the Darkness. If you try to resist, you’ll find yourself troubled with the deepest pains and fiercest temptations until you let it take you.” Faolan took in a shallow breath, nearing the end. He coughed one last time. “As for me…I suppose you’ve already given my just punishment. An eye for an eye…a tooth for a tooth…
	“Though, be warned, brother. Even as I drift away from you at this moment – one day you’ll wake and find that I’m still with you.” Faolan’s gaze narrowed; his voice raspy but wickedly intensifying. “I’ll be watching you from where I next sit; waiting for the moment that I might take back what is yours and make it mine again. The throne and all its power belong to you now, but they will not belong to you forever. One day, I’ll be back. It will be easy for me to steal your throne– because now I know exactly how you are. I know that you’re exactly like me.”
	Faolan’s last vehement wish went quiet. The last black drop of blood came from his wound. His movements became weaker, then they became still. Soon, the air left his chest and his whole body went stiff. It appeared that he was dead. Dead at the hand of his own brother. 
	It still took a few seconds for it all to set in before Aurelian realized what he’d done. It was all so surreal; he still didn’t understand what had really just happened. First, he felt shock. Then, terror. He was horrified at the sight of the deaths before his eyes and at the monster that had just surfaced from inside of him. 
	Though, despite the horror he was feeling in a few seconds his attention was averted back to something that caused him to lapse again. He glanced over his shoulder and looked down to the bottom of the ledge where my seemingly lifeless body was laying. 
	The sudden memories of my tumult rushed back into his mind and consumed him all at once, causing him to temporarily forget about everything that had just conspired. Unable to think of anything else at that moment, he darted from the scene and raced down the stairs to my motionless side.




37 | Breath of Life



	“Elissa!” Aurelian approached the bottom of the stairs, acting as though I could hear him.
	He prayed it had been an illusion. With every step he took, he hoped that maybe there might have been some life left in me after all. When he came to the spot, it became apparent that this wasn’t the case. Looking for signs of life, the prince fell to his knees at my side and cradled my body in his arms. There was nothing.
	“Oh, Elissa…” he whispered, cradling my mortal body in denial. 
	He took my hand and touched it to his face. It was cold and stiff. The color from my complexion had been drained, but it wasn’t ghastly. My eyes were delicately closed and my lips pressed shut. My hair bellowed onto the ground beneath it. Aurelian still held me, feeling a much bleaker void in his heart than had ever been there before. Now, I was truly gone. 
	“I’m sorry that I’ve done this to you.”
	In that moment of weakness, the Curse began taking root in his heart. Without a world dividing its power, the full force of the Darkness was weighing on him. These were the very moments that it could prey upon its victims – and in the weakness, it could pounce. In that darkest moment, something inside of Aurelian was overwhelmed with an urge to let the power come in. 
	It was like a stranger knocking on his door, begging him to unlock his soul. Aurelian nearly grasped it. He struggled, torn between one destiny and the other. Then, he looked down at the pale, lifeless color of my face. It was cold now, but he remembered a time when it was warm and bright. To him, I was an innocent lamb, slaughtered without cause. 
	He looked down at my hand and saw the ring on my hand. The amethyst no longer swirled with color. Now that the life had gone from me, it had ceased its changing and reverted back to an unchanging purple. Beyond grief, Aurelian took my hand and desperately clutched it as if it would bring me back to life. 
	Of course, it didn’t. Instead, it filled his mind with images of our light. It was a love so strong and true that even the simple thought caused the Darkness to tremble and cease its beckoning. All the while, the prince continued lamenting. 
	“Oh Elissa, I’m so sorry. I’m sorry that I couldn’t save you…that I came when it was already too late. There’s so much that I’ll never be able to say to you…” He shuddered, concealing the rawness of his anger. “How I loved you…how I still love you.” 
	The prince lifted my body, his expression that of stone. Then, he became convinced of something particularly strange. If nothing else mattered, this surely did. It was something that he couldn’t escape – something that he was utterly compelled by love to do. 
	“Elissa, if your spirit still looms – let it see me bestow upon your lips this final, parting kiss.”
	The prince lowered his head and imparted his love in most the heartfelt action. Upon my lips he placed the softest, most delicate kiss. The prince lingered there some more, struggling to unbind his heart from what he believed to be that of a dead woman.
	Then, the miraculous happened.
	The amethyst ring came alive again. It shifted from its unmoving purple and began changing color just as it had when it adorned my living hand. The prince didn’t notice the miracle, still preoccupied with grief.
	 After the ring, something else happened – something more evident. The color began rushing back into my skin and the life back into my bones. Soon all of the color and warmth rushed back into my body! The stiff and immovable limb that he held in his hand became warm and soft once more. Feeling the warmth, Aurelian opened his eyes and fell backwards in astonishment. 
	The face which had been gaunt and hollow just moments ago looked youthful and new. In many respects, you could say that it looked more invigorated than before. It did more than return to what it once was – it became inhumanly beautiful. To him, it had always been beautiful – but this was an entirely different kind of beauty. I was being reborn. 
	Whatever was happening to my body was either terrible, wonderful, or both. The next thing that happened to me seemed to be the unthinkable. He put his ear over my chest and heard the rhythmic thud of a heartbeat. In a few moments, a breath of new life entered my lungs and caused my body to jolt itself awake.
	Aurelian’s kiss had brought me back from the dead.
	Life coursed through my veins like lightning. I sat up, opened my eyes and gasped as I’d just been pulled from the watery deep and given the oxygen back to my lungs. I had been jolted awake from the deepest sleep by the most beautiful and terrifying nightmare. 
	“It’s…it’s you…Ari,” I mumbled in my dream-like state. The full name didn’t come out, probably because I was still robbed of breath.  It was the first time I’d ever called him by that name – obscure as it seemed – and for some reason it caused him to smile. Aurelian hovered over me, his face speaking of both joy and dismay.
	“Yes,” he weakly laughed. “It’s me, Ari…or whatever else you’d like to call me.”
	“What just happened?” I asked again, feeling a splitting headache surge across my head. 
	I didn’t get to say very much after that, because all of a sudden I found myself be pulled in for another kiss. It was slow and passionate. It was filled with an intensity that I sensed came from a darker depth.
	Then, I looked up. I saw our reflection plastered on the mirror above my head and in almost all of the others. I remembered where I was now. The memories flooded back into my mind. I struggled to piece it together until I finally realized what had happened. I had died.
	“Aurelian,” I exclaimed in a breathy murmur. “I was dead…and now – you – you’re here! That must mean that I’m dead, or you’re dead…but, I feel alive –”
	“You are alive,” he soothed.
	“But, how?” 
	“I don’t know,” he closed his eyes. “It was the kiss. You were dead, and now you’re alive.”
His eyes suddenly drifted away from me, remembering. He stared blankly up the ledge for a moment, and then his appearance became undeniably dismal. Could he see something that I couldn’t? I used what little energy I could muster to take my hand and tilt his face back toward mine.
	“It’s your gift. You’re a healer, Aurelian.” 
	The prince caressed my face for a moment, mesmerized with me. Soon, his emotional outpour turned into internal pain. The curse was coming back, he realized. The stranger was returning to knock on his door, and Aurelian believed that there was a monster inside of him that must have been pining to give in. He looked into my eyes – eyes that were now bright and very much alive – and felt no stronger urge than the urge to protect me from the monster that at any moment could become him.
	“We should leave this room of death,” the prince murmured under a stone-cold gaze.
	He knelt down and took my hand, attempting to help me stand with him so that we might leave. Though, as soon as I tried to stand up I felt my legs quaking beneath me. Although I was alive, my entire body was weary and weak. It seemed that it must have been because of the trauma I’d just endured – yet, it couldn’t be. I had been woken up and transformed into someone who seemed as new and healthy as ever. The true reason for the pain in my newly lively body was one that was a bit more complicated. My legs were now like those of a newborn fawn, long and strong but not yet able to stand. At the very attempt at doing so I fell flat back onto the ground. 
	For reasons that one can easily guess, Aurelian was quick to catch me. There was no way that he would let me be injured in another fall of any kind, whether long or short. In light of my ill state, the prince gently lifted me into his arms and began to panic. Now he could see that I was sick. After what he’d seen, the slightest sign of weakness was enough to cause him to fear that death would soon ensue. 
	“Aurelian, I’m fine,” I assured him in protest as he draped my body across his arms against my will and left the room in search of help. Seeing that there didn’t seem to be anyone else here, it seemed a bit mad to demand for help in a castle that was mostly vacant.
	“No, Elissa. You’re weak. You need a doctor – you need rest!”
	“Don’t be absurd. I’m fine,” I told him, lapsing in fatigue “Besides, shouting for someone won’t do you any good. There’s no one here.”
	“No, they’re here. They will come, and they had better come soon!” He shouted quite intentionally into the air. “The servants only appear when they’re needed,” he raised his voice into a shout once more before kicking open the door and exiting the room. 
	In the corner of my eye, I saw one of the mirrors reflecting Faolan’s spot on the ledge. I had absolutely no idea that was where he had just been slain. There was nothing to hint it, either – because the mirror didn’t reflect a body. It only reflected a pile of black, sparkling dust. 
	“Someone, come now!” Aurelian shouted again.
	A figure appeared in the shadows.. Seeing the prince, it surfaced into the light. It was a meek young woman, presumably a servant, shaking as if she was terrified past her wit’s end. Aurelian gave her the most urgent of looks.
	“Find a doctor for her now! Can you not see that she is ill?” Aurelian pleaded, gradually resuming a more forceful tone and gathering up his naturally princely eloquence. 
	“I don’t think that the King would be very pleased if I did that,” the servant girl shook. 
	Aurelian suddenly realized what was going on. These people still didn’t know who he was…and they had been avoiding him for that reason. The next words he uttered would change our paths forever:
	“I am your king now.”
	The maid fell at his feet. They all knelt before him and begged for mercy. What terrible things would he do to them since they hadn’t come to my aid? At Faolan’s hand, they knew they’d indisputably be punished. Though, they didn’t know Aurelian like I did. At least, they didn’t know him the way I thought I did. I don’t know if my heart dropped at that moment or if it skipped a beat. Was it true? …How? If he was the King that meant that he would have had to…
	“You’re the King?” I whispered.
	When I saw the look of hurt in his eyes, I didn’t need to ask another question. I knew what he had done. As soon as I knew the truth the pained King looked away from me. I didn’t hate him for it, yet he hated himself for it. Even though this was now his, he still couldn’t face it. 
	“We beg your apology, O King!” The maid trembled in horror. “Not a single one of us was aware that Faolan was no longer our King! He instructed us to stay away from him during this…please do not be angry with us!”
	“There is no need to be afraid,” Aurelian hung his head low, assuring them that he intended them no harm. “You’re here now, so help us. Prepare my fiancée a room and send for a doctor!”
	“Yes, of course, Your Majesty!” Several servants called at once before scurrying around to make preparations in a chaotic jumble. 
	Someone came to take me from his arms, but at first I refused. I knew very little of this strange place, and all I had was Aurelian! I refused to part from him now, clinging to him somewhat angrily and shooing the servant away. Seeing my fear, Aurelian spoke to me in the softest of voices.
	“Yes, Elissa. I’m the King now.”
	We didn’t speak after that utterance. Not for a very long time. My eyes bled compassion as I stroked his cheek. In return, he gave me a filled with tender pain. Without words, the King carried me into a room that had seemingly appeared out of nowhere. The walls were deep violet, a satin bed of the same purple color sitting in the center. Aurelian took a few steps forward and gently put me down on it. 
	When his arms parted from mine, I got a glimpse of his eyes. They were different now. They no longer shifted from this color to that. Now that he was here, they were a color I’d never seen them before. They were pools of crystalline purple. 
	“Your eyes, they’re unchanging now…like amethysts.” 
	“Yes,” he struggled to tell me as he continued to feel the unbearable worry inside, “It’s because I’m here now. I’m home…with my own kind. When I run, they change as I do. When I’m where I’m intended, they also become as they’re intended.”
	As I took notice of the color of his eyes, he saw the color of mine. The King backed away, his soul made of ice. It became apparent that he had done more today than simply win his crown. The murky brown of my eyes had changed.  I didn’t seem possible, and the prospect hardened and haunted him. They had become something not quite human. They were the same color as his.
	




38 | Mouse-Hearted Child



	In my dreams that night, I saw fire and fairy tales. Whatever glimpses I’d gotten of eternity in the time before had quickly been buried in the back of my mind. A few glimmers of it still existed in the world of my fantasies. However long I remained in that world of dreams is something that I can’t say. It was quite some time – perhaps a day, maybe longer. At the end of it all I found myself being lured awake again by the strangest of sensations.
	 Cold metal rattled against my skin. I felt a heavy object bear down on my ankle. My waking couldn’t be far off. When my cognizance came back, I prepared to open my eyes and see Aurelian standing beside me. 
	He wasn’t.  Instead, I opened them to see a very short man standing at my bedside with a wide array of tools in his hands. Startled, I found a rupture of energy within and quickly sat up.
	“No need to worry, Princess. I’m only the doctor,” the stocky man assured me. 
	“Oh, hello…” I shyly let out before the man moved to examine the top of my head.
	I relaxed myself and took notice of the man. This was a person like none I’d seen before. He was even shorter than I’d first perceived now…perhaps even like an elf or dwarf. Now, before you get your feathers in a ruffle for me referring to him in that way – know that I honestly don’t mean the word in the sense of a little person. I mean, he was a real dwarf. 
	 His standing had to be somewhere around three or four feet, his nose and face rounded with slight points on his ears. His demeanor was warm and safe in comparison to everything else I’d seen here. It was like I was staring at someone right out of a story I would have read in my big book of fairy tales! At this point, it honestly shouldn’t have surprised me. But, the next thing that this doctor would tell me would still give me quite the shock:
	“My name’s Doc,” the doctor said to me, proceeding to tap my knee with his instrument and cause my entire left leg to kick itself into the air. 
	Doc. The name resonated with me, but I wasn’t sure why. I didn’t want to offend him, but I did have a natural curiosity about it all. So, I softly spoke up.
	“Hello, Doc,” I childishly smiled. “May I ask you something?”
	“Of course, Princess! You might ask me anything you like.”
	“Well, first of all…I don’t mean to offend – but, are you a dwarf?”
	Doc grinned as if the question was as basic as asking the color of the sky. Was it even a question at all? 
	“Yes, why of course I am! Why would such a question intend to offend me? Haven’t you seen a dwarf before?” Doc laughed in reply.
	“Well…no actually,” I spoke up. “Where I come from, we don’t really have any. We do have a few stories about them.”
	“Well consider yourself introduced. And stories?” Doc laughed again, a jovial kind of person. “What kinds of stories could you have about us? The only stories I’ve heard about dwarves in these parts is just news!”
	“Oh, we have lots of them. Epics, odysseys, fairy tales…” I began to list off before Doc shoved strange glass tube into the corner of the mouth that reminded me of a thermometer.
	“Ha – that sure beats any of the truth we have ‘round here. If the word isn’t about another dwarf getting carried off by a phoenix, it’s usually just about how drunk we are outside of the mines.” 
	“Mines?” I questioned again, my curiosity at its peak. “Would you happen to live with six others?”
	“You presume to know a lot about my kind, don’t you?” Doc spoke in a slightly sarcastic tone. “What a small number to figure! There are far more of us than seven. In these parts, I’d say there’s a good seven-hundred!”
	Doc examined my arm and changed his look to one of great seriousness. The dwarf looked into my eyes solemnly.
	“I am not a palace doctor, miss. Your King has searched far and wide for my help. No one here could help you. They were filled with too much darkness – they’d never be able to figure your predicament. There are a great deal of things that require explaining. But, for now I must tell you that you are in no condition to leave this place on your own. You are going to be here for quite some time before you can recover fully.”
	“I – I don’t understand,” I confusedly spoke up. “What has happened to me?”
	Doc’s expression begged that he knew what it was, but he kept quiet. The warm old chap gave me a friendly pat on the arm and told me that someone would be right back in. Then, he left the room. Little to my knowledge, Aurelian was nervously pacing back and forth in the hallway right outside of my door. Doc turned to face him, the King’s eyes filled with worry and woe.
	“When are you going to tell her the truth?” Doc asked the King, bold and unafraid of Aurelian despite his power. 
	He spoke as though Aurelian were his own son, stern and investigative. Doc fell silent enough to confirm Aurelian’s suspicions.
	“So it’s true then. She’s become like me,” The King lamented. Doc cut him off.
	“There’s no way that we can be certain of it. It appears that she is like your kind, but still human. Transformations from one kind to another are rare. This one in particular is something I haven’t seen before. It’s as if she’s become a member of both worlds.”
	“Why would this happen?” Aurelian asked in despair, Doc’s words still not resonating.
	“You’re the one with the healing gift. For now, it’s be best seen as something beyond ourselves. Perhaps it’s your bond with her that did it. True love is a strong thing, King. Stronger than anything under our moon or her sun.”
	“Perhaps I’ve bonded with her – perhaps I haven’t,” Aurelian paced, trying to get off of the subject. “That doesn’t answer my question. Could I have caused her to become…like me? Have I chained her to this place?”
	“I’ve told you all that I can see. If she’s part human, she cannot be chained. If she’s part of you, she won’t want to leave.”
	Having done all that he could do, Doc abruptly went back into my room, picked up his things and left. Before he left me, we had one last exchange.
	“Where are you going?” I asked.
	“Home, my dear! But, I promise that I will see you again in the future,” Doc answered. He gave me a clever wink. “I see a light in you like no other – so consider us allies.” 
	I sat awake for nearly an hour afterward. I had slept so long that my body refused to go back. It was an unbearably lonely feeling, especially considering how few answers I was receiving about this. I felt a rush of vigor go through me in the end, one that wouldn’t allow me to remain stationary any longer. Defying the orders of my doctor and my fiancé, I thrust my legs over the side of the bed and stood up. 
	The corridor was like a damp and miserable cellar. Tapestries and flags hung on some walls as the only ounces of color to the grayish black walls. There was single window that gave some moonlight to the hallway. Then, I looked out at the sky and realized something strange. Ever since I’d been here, I’d only been able to see night. 
	No matter where I went or when, the sky was black. There was no sun, and there weren’t any stars. Just the big, crimson moon that hung over the horizon. 
	“Crystal seas and crimson moon...” I dreamily cadenced. 
	There was a tap on my shoulder. I startled to see a gaunt little girl shivering in place. She was slight and pale, black bags under her eyes from constant worry. She looked to be no older than 12. The girl shook as though her heart was small and mouse-like, ready to give out at my very next word. Her demeanor struck a heavy blow to my chest. Why did this child have so much fear?
	“Excuse me, Princess. I’m only a maid…but I dare not neglect you. Is there anything you need? I don’t think that I’ve been told you were being allowed out of your room.” 
	 Princess. This was the second person today who’d called me that. Why were they referring to me by this name? I hadn’t been married yet! Had I done something that led them to believe I had been born of nobility?
	“Oh, no I –” I mutedly began, though I quickly stopped myself. Realizing the opportunity I had, I opened my mouth again and spoke more firmly. “Actually, I’m looking for someone. Could you please direct me to my fiancé?” The timid young girl seemed unfazed until I gave her the last bit of clarification, “My fiancé, the King.” 
	“Right, right, of course,” the girl stammered. “I will find you someone that will send for him at once. Shall I escort you back to your room?”
	“No!” I quickly snapped at the thought of being left alone again. I instantly felt guilt and calmed down as I realized the fear I must have been causing in this mouse-hearted girl. “I’m so sorry…I mean, no. It’s quite lonely in there,” I bent down so that we were eye-to-eye. “I wish to wait for him somewhere else…someplace pleasant.” 
	The little girl nodded, immediately sensing her safety and grabbing me to the arm as she scurried the opposite way down the hall. Like clockwork, another young attendant emerged from behind a shadowy column and took me where I pleased. This one had to be 6 or 7, maybe a year younger or older. This attendant was almost as timid as the mouse-girl, but not quite as much. I could see a childlike joy being suppressed from behind his stoic expression. For some reason, the way that he carried himself reminded me quite a lot of Jackoby.
	 Accompanied by the thoughts of the other girl, the sight of this one almost caused me to burst into tears. Though, I didn’t let my memories and tragedies get the best of me. I tried to hold it down and remain as composed as a queen. Instead of causing the small boy fear, I felt a maternal kind of urge toward him and offered to take his hand. The boy hesitated at first. Then, sensing the safety in my light he cautiously took my hand.
	“You seem to be someone who would know a lot about this palace,” I warmly smiled at him. “Is there anywhere special that you would like to go?” 
	My offer made the boy feel uncertain. The young boy looked as though he feared this might be a cruel trap that would end with a whip. After I promised him that he would be safe, the small one looked up at me in relief and began leading me outside.
	“I know somewhere that you’ll like,” the small boy told me as he led me outside, smiling. “I know I like it. It’s a great big apple tree beside the seashore. Helena and I play there when Mrs. Dogberry says we have no more chores. We like to draw in the sand and pretend to sword fight with fallen twigs from the apple trees…” 
	Midway through the gardens, the little boy stopped. I could tell that he was thinking of something that troubled him greatly, for I saw a look come across his face that no child should feel the sorrows of. I gave him a gentle nudge before I spoke up.
	“What’s your name, child?”
	“It’s Orion, Princess.”
	“Orion, why are you afraid?” 
	He wouldn’t answer me. 
	“Why are you afraid?” I asked again. 
	There was still silence.
	“Come now, you can tell me,” I softly assured, but it was to no avail. 
	The boy froze up as if he feared death itself. I couldn’t figure out what to for a moment, then I thought of something that always calmed me when I was upset. Perhaps it would offer this child a little bit of peace.
	“Orion,” I asked again. “You don’t have to tell me anything. But, if you’re feeling scared, I know something I do that always makes me feel better.”
	“What is it, Princess?” The little boy asked.
	“I sing.”
	“Oh, I sing too,” the little boy answered. 
	“That’s good! Can you sing me a song? Will that make you feel better?” The little boy gave me a nod when I asked. I nudged him to start. Though, he wouldn’t. He urged me to do it instead, so I did. I started singing the first song that came to mind at the moment. With this place offering so many likenesses to the world described in it, I naturally thought to sing Midnight’s Song. What would come afterward would be something that I’d never forget:

“Crystal seas, crimson moon…
Blood-red roses and lives anew -”

	In the middle of the song, I heard something that caused me to slow down. Although a child from a realm utterly foreign to mine, Orion suddenly joined in. He jumped into the song as if he knew it by heart, feeling at peace and safe now that he knew I knew the song too. Though, now I was the one beginning to freeze up in shock. How could he know? He continued to sing with me in the most harmonious and innocent of voices:

“Where the scarlet lilies bloom
Under the midnight sky!” 

  




39 | Where the Scarlet Lilies Bloom



	At the end of the song I was nothing short of flabbergasted. That was my song.
	“You – you have a wonderful voice, Orion,” I spoke to him kindly. “May I ask you where you learned that song?”
	“I didn’t learn it,” the boy proudly declared. “Everyone here just knows it!”
	Without any further explanation, Orion squeezed my hand and resumed our journey to his prized apple-tree. We walked for a short distance until we reached a gate that led to the outside of the palace walls. There, I saw a mystical sight. Although the opposite direction was full of a rolling countryside, I could now see and hear the ocean shore. None of the castle windows had overlooked the world in this direction or had even hinted that this might have been a palace by the sea. It had been cut off from view in the castle as if it was such a pure and beautiful sight that it would take away some of the Darkness even in the land’s poisoned state. 
	Now that I could see it, I was entirely overwhelmed. This had caught off guard and given me the surprise of a lifetime, though it was the most pleasant of surprises. For the first time in nearly three years I suddenly could feel the sand seeping into my shoes and kissing the bottoms of my feet. The salty air tickled my nose and moved into my lungs like a mystifying breeze. I closed my eyes and felt the air caress me like it did when I was a small child. It was as if I was truly back in the Isles again! I opened my eyes to see the red moon giving off the brightest aurora of light, almost like a sunrise. 
	That was when I began to cry. I felt something in my spirit that truly belonged here. Even though I could hardly comprehend where I was and I could see that there was parts of this world that were covered in darkness, I sensed that I was supposed to be here now. That was the moment when I began to cry. It was as if I was truly home.
	“Oh no!” Orion exclaimed, seeing my tears. “You’re crying! I knew this was a bad idea…I shouldn’t have taken you here. Mrs. Dogberry’s gonna whip me now for certain!”
	I quickly wiped the tears from my eyes and looked down at Orion.
	“There will be no whippings. Not as long as I’m here,” I firmly told him, brightening. “I’m not crying because I’m upset, Orion. I’m crying because I’m happy.”
	“Oh,” the boy shyly smiled, running his foot back and forth through the sand. 
	Orion bent down and fell backwards playfully; drawing pictures in the sand in the same way I had done when I was a child. Breath taken, I slipped off my shoes and wandered closer to the waves. The sand belonged to a place that was magical and foreign, yet it felt wholly the same as the sand on the shores of the Katie Isles. I closed my eyes and buried my toes into the sand, feeling them become pleasantly flooded by the cool ocean waves.
	 When I opened my eyes, I caught another glimpse of the crimson moon and smiled. Its red aura was reflected on the ocean waters; water that was clearer and more pristine than any coastline I’d witnessed in my life. The waves were of a translucent and untarnished purity while everything else in this kingdom was utterly blackened. It was almost as if they were made of crystal.
	 I happily opened my eyes and walked back toward Orion at that moment, the little boy grinning ear-to-ear as he molded balls of sand in his hands. Seeing me there, he suddenly stood up and took his sandy hand into mine. The little one led me up a hill that was a few feet away. Small tuffs of sea-side grass had sprung up in little balding clumps all the way up the hill, while the most beautiful apple tree sat at the top. Its branches were coated in tiny red blossoms, all in full bloom even at this time of year. The little boy took me and ran to it, desiring to show me all of the spots where he and his friend Helena practiced “sword fighting” while they bit into fresh apples at the turn of the seasons.
	 In lieu of this, I found a soft patch of ground at the trees base where I decided to sit down and close my eyes. Before they winked closed, I saw something that caused them to jet back open. Just a few feet away from me, I could see the beginning of a field that was filled with flowers that were of the deepest shades of red. I opened my eyes wider and crawled forward just a few feet to investigate. When I came to the first flower in my reach, I plucked it off of its stem and held it in my hand. It was a delicate flower, rich in color and fully in bloom. 
	As I examined it again and again, I couldn’t help but realize its significance. I cradled it in my hands and realized that this was a lily; a scarlet lily. In this field of scarlet, something else caught my eye. Just a few more feet away sat another lily. It seemed to be the only one in the entire field of a different color. Before I could reach for it, the curious child that had accompanied me plucked it off of the stem and took a look at it himself.
	“We have lots of scarlet lilies here. I’ve never seen one like this, though,” he said to me as he carried the bloom in his hands. The child briefly showed it to me before pulling it away again, nearly discarding it on the ground as if it was garbage. But, the very glimpse of it caused me to stop him.
	“Wait, wait!” I begged Orion, quickly catching the bloom as it fell out of his hand. I instantly caught it in mine. “Don’t throw it away. Just because it’s different doesn’t mean that it’s unworthy. It could be a treasure.”
	“Oh, well…I guess that you should have it then,” Orion told me, still apparently not grasping the significance of this all in all of his childish innocence. 
	I nodded and smiled, motioning for him to go off and play as I fell back against the base of the tree and examined the blossom in my hand. It was a lily, just like the last. Only, it was a unique lily to these parts. Perhaps it was even nonexistent. Orion’s words had just confirmed it! Most of all, it was a rare lily that I had seen blooming in an impossible place just once before.
	It was a white lily. It was a single, snowy flower that had poked through a sea of blood-red blooms. Then, it did something miraculous. It opened up even more in my hands, blooming again as I had never seen a flower do before. Its petals became a glowing, even purer white. It did all of this just as it sat in my hand without help of any kind. 
	It bloomed without aid of any kind; not even with a single touch of sunlight.
	Scarlet lilies. Crimson moons. Crystal seas. Darkened skies. It came to me all at once; not too soon or too late. I thought of the time I sang beside the Atlantic – then of the time that Aurelian and I sang under the moon. 
	The song wasn’t about revolution or requiem. It wasn’t about childish tales or propaganda. It was about a tale that no one had ever been able to understand – a tale that was seemingly unrelated to the song in the first place. My eyes had finally been opened to the world that was around me, and I simply knew that this was the answer I’d been waiting for. This was it! This was the place that the song was about. 
	This was the Kingdom – the Kingdom that sat under the midnight sky.
	A second later I heard a heavy shuffling in the sand. It was a heavier shuffling than Orion’s small feet could have made, but I still looked in his direction expecting that it was his doing anyway. When I opened my eyes, however, I was met with temporary panic. Even though Orion had been playing in the sand just a few feet away, now he was nowhere to be found. I scanned the horizon, but I still couldn’t find him anywhere.
	“Orion?” I called out in distress, unable to find him. “Orion!?!”
	For a few moments I continued to call out his name, panicking in lieu of the promise I’d just made him. I had just told the boy that he’d be safe with me, and now he was gone! What was he facing now? Could he be in danger or pain? Oh, how could I have failed him like this?!
	I nearly fell down on my knees in despair before the figure making the shuffling noises came to my aid and stopped me. Suddenly, my fears dissipated when I saw who it was. The figure was trudging up the hillside in plain sight, without a crown on his head or a sword in his hand. He came to me humbly and simply as he was – the young man that I knew as Aurelian. 
	“Elissa!” Aurelian called out, running to my side and catching me clumsily before I fell on my knees to the ground. 
	The King, quite protective, imposed to help me stand up as if I was made of glass. I honestly didn’t need the help. The joint action of his helping me stand and my insistence that I try to stand up myself only caused us to clumsily topple into each other while standing up. When we had nearly untangled ourselves from the jumble, I looked into Aurelian’s eyes and let out a small laugh. Seeing Aurelian standing here, I knew that Orion must have been safe.
	“The boy is safe. I just sent him back in is all,” Aurelian assured me as we continued to untangle ourselves.
	“You really have a habit of catching me, do you know that?” I remarked afterward, flashing him a slight grin.
	We both began laughing, and for just a moment it almost felt like the Darkness subsided. Silence fell upon us when we met eyes again. When I looked up at him, it was from a different perspective. Not my mental perspective – but my physical perspective. For a moment, I tried to ignore it and ask him more about the children.
	“Why are there so many child-servants here? And why are they so afraid?” I posed.
	“They are from the last reign,” Aurelian darkly remarked. “They’re slaves from the families of Faolan’s opposers – those who stood with the Light.”
	“That’s horrid,” I replied.
	“Every generation, the King takes more slaves. It’s one of the ways that the Darkness maintains its power. Take the children from the families of your opposition and the entire land falls into submission! Today, I’m freeing them all. But, my family’s crimes are many. I must repay their thousands of debts. It’s one of the reasons I left this wretched place…the one over which I am now King.”
	Aurelian lamented on and on, working his way up into the blackest of tones. I fell quiet as I realized that the Darkness must have now belonged to him. He was King – of course he had to accept it. Yet...I still didn’t sense any of it in his true soul.
	“You haven’t accepted it yet, have you?” I murmured in disbelief, realizing that the light was still evident.
	“No…” he told me slowly. “I’ve been fighting against it...”
	I couldn’t believe what he was saying. This curse had seemed to devouringly monstrous…yet Aurelian had fought it? What kind of strength must he have mustered for that? I stared at him in shock, quickly becoming lost in his eyes. Then, my mind came back into reality. When I did, I quickly noticed our change in perspective again. This time, it was getting bothersome. Was I taller, or had he grown? Everything that had once towered over me was now closer to me than it’d ever been before! His eyes, his chin…it was all at least a good four inches closer to mine.
	It wasn’t much difference, but in comparison to where I’d always stood in next to him beforehand I could see that there definitely was one. Aurelian had always been unusually tall for a person and I’d always been unusually small for one. At least from where I was standing, it seemed as if Aurelian had literally shrunk two or three inches. Either that, or I’d grown – and I didn’t suspect that was possible at my age. I stepped back a bit, feeling confused as I changed the topic of the discussion.
	“Aurelian, have you…gotten shorter?” I asked, baffled. 
	The King hesitated. For a few moments, I dwindled there with the flower still cupped in the palm of my hand. Aurelian avoided my question all he could, quickly catching a glimpse of the white lily in my hands and shifting the focus of the conversation. All at once, he became engrossed in it.
	“Where did you find this?” He asked perplexedly. 
	“Blooming just a few feet from here,” I answered. 
	As if desiring to display its miraculous nature, the lily began blooming in my hand unaided once more just as it had before. Truly, this had to be a sign of my purity, Aurelian reasoned. Though, miraculous as it was it – like the ring – actually made him feel slightly uncomfortable. If this was supposed to help him dodge my questions, it wasn’t going to help much longer.
	“That’s…impossible,” he murmured. “There hasn’t been a white flower in the entire kingdom ever since the reign of the Curse,” Aurelian stared at the bloom that was full of life in my hands. “They’re seen as symbols of purity…but none have been able to survive here. When one tries to bloom, the Darkness chokes it.”
	Aurelian spoke as though there were a ghost in the lily. I sensed his fear. Somehow, I now had a strange connection with him that enabled me to sense these kinds of things without even asking. That was when I became angry. Why wasn’t he telling me the truth? What was it that he knew about me that I didn’t, even now?
	“Aurelian,” I eyed him. “Why didn’t you tell me? This is the place my people sing about. This is Midnight’s Song, isn’t it?”
	“Yes, it is.” He turned away from me, clearly ashamed. The man acted as if I must have found him reprehensible. It irked me to my core.
	“Don’t be ashamed or upset with me. I only want to know the truth,” I tenderly touched his face. “No more games. You must tell me what’s going on here. Soon we’ll be married – then there can be no secrets.”
	At the mention of our engagement, he shuddered. How could he tell me what he was going to do? The King stared at the white lily in my hands and shivered. Just as the Darkness choked the lilies, it would choke me. Aurelian couldn’t bear the thought of letting that happen again.
	“Elissa, there is something that I must speak with you about…though, it is very difficult for me,” He hesitated.
	“What is it, Aurelian?” I posed in the most understanding of tones. An excitement rang through my tone as I spoke to him blissfully unaware of what was coming. “Please tell me. Don’t wait another minute! I promise that whatever it is, I’ll understand…”
	“No,” Aurelian interrupted, pulling away from me and looking downward. “I don’t believe you will. Not this time.”
	“Of course I will. We’ve come this far. We made a promise. I’ve left everything...”
	“I’m the King now, Elissa,” Aurelian coldly replied, the intensity rising with each word. “I would’ve never chosen this. I made a promise to serve you, but as long as I’m the King of this place…it’s a promise I can’t keep.” My fiancé’s tone worked its way into a low, dismal whisper. “I’m chained to this place until I die, or until the Curse is broken. And it will never break.”
	“Don’t say that,” I exclaimed. “You’ve fought off the Curse this long – what other King has done that?” I put my hand on his shoulder, but he turned away.
	“It doesn’t matter, Elissa. It will take me at some point, and I don’t want you here when it does. Who’s to say that it won’t overwhelm me to the point that I’m no longer this man? That it won’t devour me and cause me to do something terrible to you?”
	“But that won’t happen! I know you, Aurelian. You simply wouldn’t…” 
 	“I wouldn’t, but the Curse would. Once the Curse takes you, it devours your soul until it is your soul. Then, it becomes everything you are. The man I am will be lost in its power,” he chillingly explained. “That’s why there can be no marriage. I’m not going to let you watch this curse devour me before you die just as my mother and all of the queens before her!” He glanced over his shoulder for a minute, but the pain in my eyes caused him to turn away. “You can’t stay.”
	That moment was one of the most painful in my life up to that point. It was an intense, devouring sadness and disbelief that came into me all at once. Over and over again I asked myself: how can this be? After all we’d seen and done together…after all the miracles we’d seen…that he’d just send me away? It didn’t even seem logical! 
	“So this is it,” I lamented. “There was never really any love to start. Everything was in vain, and whatever brought me back is always going to be a mystery. I thought that it was your gift – your healing. But, then I knew in my heart it was something even stronger.”
	The look on his face was utterly void. I knew he didn’t understand what I meant, and that hurt more than anything else. Tears began falling. 
	“I thought it was true love’s kiss. But maybe that’s just a lie!”
	“No, Elissa. That was real.” Aurelian choked, suddenly able to understand. “Don’t believe anything less –” 
	“Then why can’t you accept it?!” I gritted my teeth. The ruler carried a heavy heart, knowing I’d just penetrated its most hardened and walled-off of places. 
	“Because I’ve already seen you devoured by the monsters of this place!” He grasped my hands tightly, pulled them to his lips and kissed them as though he was telling me his last goodbye. “And soon I’ll become all of those monsters in full. I’ll become too terrible a creature to love. There would be no worse fate for you…”
	I could sense an anger that simply wouldn’t go away. It was more than anger – it was the bitterest self-loathing. This wasn’t the work of the Curse on Aurelian.  This was his cowardice. What would I have to do in order for him to understand that I’d always love him? 
	“Why do you always fear that I’ll unlove you? You know that I can’t. And where will I even go?”
	“You’ll go home,” Aurelian responded. “Home to your family.”
	“That’s gone, Aurelian! Even if it wasn’t, you know I wouldn’t stop fighting for you.”
	I tossed the lily aside, forgetting it just as the little boy had. Aurelian had seen me discard the thing and reached out to save it from being trampled in my fury.  
	“You might be angry now,” the King argued without defense. “But soon you’ll see that this is the best way! I won’t have it any other way.” 
	I had nearly reached the palace gate now, looking back only to sneer at him. How could he be so arrogant as to think that he could decide this for me? I wondered how I could still love someone so much and yet feel so much anger toward them. I didn’t respond to Aurelian when I looked back at him – but before I pushed through the palace gate the young royal made sure to affirm one last thing:
	“I’m sending you away from here as soon as I can, even if you fight me!”
	His words caused such a fury in me that I didn’t even contemplate giving him the time of day. I shoved open the gate and let in close in just enough proximity for it to slam inches from his face. I didn’t care anymore – maybe a small part of me wanted it to shut on him. I wound my way through the gardens until I found a door to the castle, but something caused me to make a brief stop along the way. 
	In the center of the garden, there was a small bucket of water that hadn’t been there before. The moon hung overhead just brightly enough for me to see something that I hadn’t been able to see much before – my reflection. I paid it a quick glance before nearly moving on, but then I froze. The sight on the surface of the water was something that I needed to take another look at. I took five steps backward and slowly turned my head to look back into the bowl. 
	Then, I saw it. There were lots of miniscule things that had changed about my appearance, like the vibrancy of my skin or perhaps the length of my hair. But, those were just a few things of many that I didn’t quite notice at first. Something else about me had changed that wasn’t so miniscule. I could see it in my eyes just as clearly as I could see the steady, new and unchanging nature of Aurelian’s own eyes. Now, my eyes had also taken on a new kind of reality. They weren’t the same shade of murky brown anymore.
	Today, they were Aurelian’s same purple.




40 | Lovers Lost in Time



	Every day that passed from then on was one that Aurelian became exceedingly more convinced that he needed to send me away. As I recovered, strange things continued happening in my body. For about two days after my ordeal, my bones felt weak and brittle. But, after that they felt completely recharged. Every time I passed by my reflection, I saw that my eyes were still my fiancé’s same purple over my old chocolatey color. 
	A myriad of other unexplainable things changed as well. For one thing, my hair and nails grew as if I’d been injected with keratin. My hair was already long, but now it grew at an uncontrollable rate. It grew until it reached my thighs. Then my knees. Eventually it became so long that the palace groomers decided to chop it all off, whereas to prevent it from becoming a liability. It was of little use. The next day it came back again – this time stopping just short of my bottom. These kinds of things continued happening, confusing and alarming me all over the place.
	Aurelian was clearly in denial that I was like him. He refused to say anything about what might have been happening. It actually confused me – causing me to wonder whether he was uncomfortable talking about it as a gentleman, or because he simply didn’t want to deal with it. 
	Though, I wasn’t stupid. It didn’t take me long to figure out that I had changed. I was different now, more like Aurelian in my present form than I’d ever realized I wasn’t before. There was a feeling of newfound power, a rebirth of sorts in my soul. Nothing had been the same in my life since I had come here and taken my greatest fall.
	I’d known the truth ever since I saw the new eyes I’d been given. My fiancé wouldn’t say so, but we both knew that this was where I truly belonged. My resurrection had brought me more than just a second chance at life. 
	It seemed that it had given me an entirely new one. 
	“Why would you send me back?” I argued with him a few days after our argument on the beach, stubborn as the brick walls of his fortress. 
	“Because you don’t belong here!” Aurelian echoed in return as he always did. “You’re not like us! You’re too fragile for a life in a place like this!”
	 The tears streamed down my face as I passionately echoed the same protest again and again. As much as I tried, Aurelian never seemed to understand. This time, I was frustrated beyond compare. I was sick and tired of his denial and all of these games!
	“You know the truth, Aurelian! Don’t deny it. I’m like you now. Isn’t that reason to let me stay?”
	“I don’t care if you’ve become like me or if you’ve turned into a fairy queen!” The King fumed. “You know that you can’t stay. I have no choice in the matter, and neither do you.”
	 “I don’t have a choice?” I quizzed him, “I didn’t have a choice to become like this, but now I am! What if it’s true, Ari? What if I am like you…what if I’m immortal?”
	“Then you’ll have lots of time to sort out how you feel about me,” I heard Aurelian mutter under his breath. It infuriated me.
	“You’re so stubborn!” I cried out in anger. I paused for a few seconds before speaking up in the softest of tones. “I want to be here with you – to be where I belong! If this is who I am, it’s where I should be! Don’t you love me enough to see that? Do you still love me at all?”
	As he often did during our arguments, Aurelian turned away from me. I knew that my words pained him. I could sense it from the pit of my soul all of the way to the shallowest and most readable portions of my mind. For a moment or two, he remained as silent as the near-deserted castle itself. Then, he turned to me and softly met my violet eyes.
	“Elissa, I still love you. I love you more than I can bear,” his eyes bled torment. “I love you more than you’ll ever understand. I want you more than you’ll ever understand! But, I can’t let my desire to keep you become selfishness. If I keep you here – you’ll have no choice!”
	“That’s your fault, Aurelian! You think that I don’t want you! That I wouldn’t want to be here if there was another way. I’ve made my choice, and I choose you!” I sobbed, shivering. Aurelian picked up my face ever-so-tenderly.
	“Even so, I cannot allow you to be harmed again. If my selfishness keeps you here, that’s not love. That’s why I must do this.”
	“Why can’t there be another way?” I continued screaming at him. “Where in the universe could you send me anyway?! There are only two portals left and my home is gone! You’ll be sending me back to a life of ashes!”
	“No, Elissa. It won’t be like that. I have a way –” Aurelian attempted to tell me, but by then I’d already stormed off. 
	As often as he tried to explain it, I always refused to hear him. Our arguments often ended this way, causing a rift to form between us. It was a rift that kept us from speaking each other until the day that I left. I felt a concoction of rejections, while Aurelian felt all that came with the knowledge that he was soon going to have to tell me goodbye.
	Soon, the day would come that we would regret the silence even in our disagreements. It had been nearly a month since I’d come to this place. Aurelian and I hadn’t spoken in days, our hearts aching the same desperate tune. Hardened about it as I was, at this point I realized that I would just have to accept this. There was no way he’d change his mind now. Unless he had a miraculous change in heart, I knew that Aurelian wasn’t going back on his promise. When it all came down to it, I was preparing to let go. That’s why I stayed away. 
	That day, I first opened my eyes to see a pair of tiny ones staring at me from the side of the bed. I rose from my spot in a daze, recognizing them almost as soon as I stretched my arms and let out a rich yawn. It was Orion. I immediately sat up and smiled, patting down a spot of the bed and motioning for him to take a seat.
	“Hello Orion,” I smiled at him pleasantly. “What are you doing in here today? You can come take a seat up here with me if you like.”
	“Oh no, Princess!” The little boy smiled. “I can’t sit with you today. The King sent me in here to fetch you for him!”
	“Oh…why did he do that?” I asked, but Orion took my hand and pulled me out of bed before I could rightly finish. By the time that the little boy opened his mouth to speak again, I was already half way down the hallway with him. He didn’t even leave me time to put on a robe! When he next began to speak, Orion looked up with a playful kind of slyness in his eyes.
	“Because he knows that you love me. The King said that unless I did it, you probably weren’t going to come. I guess that means I’m something special!” Orion remarked with a clever grin on his face. In any grown boy, the words would have sounded nothing short of pompous and arrogant. But, in this wide-eyed six-year-old the words were as cute as a button. 
	“You are quite the catch…” I told him lightly, flashing the little boy a wink and watching him display a bright smile. The entire time, I still never lost sight of the possible heartache that I knew might have been waiting for me on the other end of the castle.  
	After we walked for a little ways, we stopped in front of a door in the castle that I’d never been through before. It was almost as massive as the one to the throne room, though its appearance was strikingly similar to another door I’d see before. This one looked nearly identical to the door that once led into the ballroom of the Devereaux Estate. 
	My heart began to ache when I began to realize that the memories that this door caused me to reminisce were probably completely intentional. Aurelian had chosen to meet me someplace that reminded me of my home. Aurelian wanted to remind me of my home so that I would realize that I needed to let go of this one. He had called me here because that was the very place that he was about to send me; even if it was a place that I refused to go. The tears fell down my cheeks at the sight. After having seen this place, there was no way I would ever feel content living in my old, blind world ever again.
	Orion put his tiny hands against the door and used unimaginable strength to push them open. They opened to dark, empty ballroom that had cobwebs on the rafters and spanning tables of untouched, withering silver and china along the sides. How on earth china or silver could wither was beyond my knowledge – but every cup, fork and knife on the dusty old tables was degrading where it sat perfectly and politely in place. 
	In the center of the room there was a place where you could look up and see a grand chandelier hanging from the ceiling. In its heyday it must have been luminous and beautiful, but now it was partially dismantled. The remnants that still hung from the ceiling were shattered and dilapidated fragments of what once was. My eyes drifted down to the spot directly underneath. Aurelian stood in the very spot, solemnly staring at my tearstained face from behind his own bitterly tormented eyes.
	“Elissa,” Aurelian uttered. It was the only word he said, plainly and without much emotion. He motioned for me to come to him as a sharp sound erupted behind me. Before I could turn my head, I saw that Orion had left my side and that the heavy doors behind me were forever slamming shut.
	“Why have you brought me here?” I asked him, at first refusing to move. 
	“It’s time.” 
	I still refused to move, seeing the emotionless Aurelian begin to lapse in his solemnity. I stood, motionless and betrayed with a look on my face that conveyed that I was waiting for an answer of sorts. At the same time, I saw the true Aurelian start to seep out from behind this one’s stoic exterior. The look of betrayal on my face caused the dam he’d built around his emotions to burst forth in a flood.
	“Elissa!” He called again, this time more softly. 
	Unable to bear it anymore, he ran to me and took me into his embrace. It was neither cold nor unfeeling. Not a single ounce of the young man denied me or desired to pull away. For the first time in quite a while, I felt that it was truly him again. He held me for the longest time, breaking down and beginning to cry. 
	There was no need for an explanation now, I knew what this was. There was no time left for us, no place in this world for us anymore. It was time to say goodbye. All we could do was cry into each other. Neither one of us wanted to go, but Aurelian’s mind was stone. That didn’t mean he was unloving. The King soon took my face and caressed it, moving the hair behind my ears and studying it as if he would never see me again. 
	“I’m sorry, Elissa…I know you don’t understand why I’m doing this… but know that it’s only because I love you,” he started. “I know that by now you suspect that this is the end…and you’re right. It is.”
	“And you know that I’ll never accept that,” I told him in partial anger, the tears clouding my view. He continued to caress my face, using his finger to gently wipe the water from my eyes.
	“I knew that you wouldn’t. I’ve always known,” he told me in the same manner, trying to make light of it by laughing. “But now we must part.”
	“No, no!” I cried. I just couldn’t help it. Aurelian quickly put a gentle finger to my lips and hushed me.
	“Listen. I know you don’t want to do this, but we must. This is the place from which I will open the portal. Before I do, I want to tell you something…for I know you will need an explanation as to where you going and how things will be when you get there…”
	“I know, Aurelian. You don’t need to explain,” I sobbed again. “I’m going back to the place where my family is dead and I’m wanted for a murder I didn’t commit –”
	“No, Elissa,” Aurelian softly interrupted. He sorrowfully looked into my eyes. “I would never send you anywhere that I knew you would be harmed. No. I am sending you back to you old home. But, when you return it will not be as broken as it was when you left. When you return – you must first do as I instruct – but, in this place you will have the brightest of futures.”
	“How could that be? I’m wanted for murder,” I exclaimed in disbelief.
	“When you arrive home, you won’t be wanted for murder anymore,” Aurelian quickly told me. “I give you my word. I’ve done and will continue to do all in my power to make certain that the Magistrate can’t touch you. Your aunt will have no power to harm you, either. Though, the first thing that you must do is expose her. Waste no time. Expose Beeti’s murderous thoughts to the public and prove it by displaying the poison that she carries with her. If there is a need to prove Beeti’s intentions, know that the poison is in her pocket.”
	“Now you sound mad,” I quickly pulled back.  “What good would that do at all? The murder is finished! My name is probably on some list awaiting arrest and an immediate execution for it! You speak as though it hasn’t already happened…”
	“Because I’m sending you into a time that it hasn’t.” Aurelian quickly spoke up. Suddenly dumbfounded, I fell silent. After a few moments of my silence, Aurelian saw my astonishment and came close to me in a revealing whisper. “My new title also comes with many new powers, Elissa. Some are powers that even I don’t fully understand.”
	“You don’t honestly mean…” I trailed off, finally getting the gist of what he was saying. It didn’t take long for Aurelian to finish the sentence for me and confirm my suspicions.
	“Yes, Elissa. I can set back time.”
	I fell silent again, unsure of what to say or do in response. A few moments later, my heartache caused an idea to run across my mind. With the idea came a flood of thoughts and feelings that made me feel as if this might not be the end. If Aurelian could use his powers to set back time in my world – what if…what if he could somehow fix what was about to separate us here? 
	“Wait –” I suddenly lit, “If you can set back time…why not use it to set back time here as well? You could set it back to the moment that I left you in the church…you could keep me from leaving and keep yourself from becoming King! Then we could stay together –”
	“No, Elissa. It doesn’t work that way. The things that have made me King over this land cannot be changed.” 
	“We’ve changed things before! Maybe you could try to change this…” I trailed off before realizing that it was probably of no use. I dug my head into Aurelian’s chest and wept bitterly. Seeing my pain, he softened his demeanor again and tilted my chin so that our eyes met. 
	“If I could do that, I would,” He cadenced. “But, it’s simply out of my power. I’m only able to set back time far enough to undo the greatest damage I did to your world. I’m sending you back as far as I can; shortly before Winston’s death.”
	I stiffened in Aurelian’s grasp. I still couldn’t come to terms with this. I never would. But, instead of begging in vain; I composed myself and spoke up.
	“Aurelian, I realize that this is probably the last time I’ll see you. I also see that nothing is going to change your mind from here, so I’ll stop begging.” I started soberly. “Would you grant me one last request?”
	“Yes, of course,” He insisted, the pleading evident in his voice. “You can have anything at all, just so long as it’s not another plea to stay here.”
	“It’s not.”
	“Then tell me,” he whispered.
	“Ari, dance with me.”
	Thee King took my hands and kissed them. It clearly touched him more than anything else in his world could have. The glossy coat over his eyes was clear evidence that tears were coming. He kept them down and composed himself, flashing me a weak smile.
	“I will,” he choked, “as long as you sing.”
	Aurelian took my hand into his and led me to the center of the ballroom. 
	Aurelian took my hand and delicately raised it in the air, waltzing with me for a moment before twirling me around. Still, I didn’t sing. I was too caught up in my grief to do it. I was so caught up in it that I actually forgot. After a few moments of my apparent silence, Aurelian spoke up almost teasingly.
	“You’re not singing.”
	“Oh, right,” I tearfully told him, stopping my feet for just a second before closing my eyes and finding a happier place in my emotions to begin making music from. When I found that place, a wave of calm swept over me. That was when I began to sing to him and my voice began to cause the loudest and brightest music to fill the entire room.

“A world of crystal seas and crimson moon
Of blood-red roses and lives anew
Where the scarlet lilies bloom
Under the midnight sky…

	I began, finding my feet and arms spinning as I twirled around in place. Aurelian joined in with me weakly, becoming mildly entranced as the song went on. It wasn’t the same kind of feeling I had when I sang it in the garden, but I passionately sang on anyway. The dilapidated room lit. In a way that I’ll never be able to explain – the room danced back in time with us. 
	The cobwebs in the rafters disappeared and unveiled the most beautiful, spiraling architecture. The tables changed before our eyes into ones that were covered with the finest cloth and set as if they were place settings at a wedding reception. What looked to be withering plates and kettles became sparkling tables with shining dinnerware. The chandelier above us lit as if it was young and luminous once more. For just a moment, Aurelian and I became lovers lost in time. I sang on:

“The moon hangs low in a clear black sky
Painted stars shine brightly
Midnight sings its enchanting song
Illuminating the night

Under scattered stars, and bright full moon
The bonds of fate will tie the two
Blind to what they both shall do
Entwined by Love’s Duet…”

	Now the words were almost too hard for me to take. Even with the room becoming as sparkling as the love that Aurelian and I shared, I couldn’t help but feel the deepest and most choking feeling as I sang. Though, I still kept on. All the while, I became caught up in a smaller but equally as significant kind of enchantment that I had when I had sung this with Aurelian for the first time. It was as if my spirit knew that this would probably be the last time I sang it with him and was savoring every last moment was his.
	 Or – perhaps it was something different. Perhaps it was my spirit connecting with his and reassuring it that we would meet again. Whatever the case, we continued singing and dancing as if we were both young lovers caught in eternity. Aurelian pulled me close and sang the next verse to me in a delicate whisper:

“Under scattered stars and bright full moon
A single kiss that binds the two
Under the midnight sky…”

	I buried my head into his chest. Even though that was as much as most people sang, I knew that there was another verse to the song. There were many verses to the song – much like the lengthy extra verses to common songs in a hymnal. There wasn’t much time left. I continued leaning on Aurelian as I sang one last verse in his ear, only to him. With each word, I became drowsier under his enchantment.

“Dance with me to Midnight’s Song
Before the rise of the Eastern Sun
As the snow falls down
Our hearts are one
Keep me here in your arms…”

	Aurelian knew the lyric that was coming. Overwhelmed with emotion at what was about to happen and by the love that pained him so deeply – he softly joined in with me to finish the lyric:

“Under the midnight sky…”

	That was when the magic started to set in. I didn’t know what was happening to me – but I could feel an enchantment beginning to numb my body. Aurelian knew what it was – he was the one doing it. Like anesthesia administered by a doctor to a dying patient, Aurelian was trying to lessen the pain. It seemed like it would be less painful for both of us if – instead of thrusting me into abyss – he let me gently drift away. 
	I could feel myself slipping. I wasn’t going to go away – no, not yet! Not without telling him one last thing. I put a weak hand to his face and kept my eyes open for as long as I could, making sure to affirm my stubbornness:
	“It doesn’t matter where you send me or what darkness you face. I will never give up! No matter what warnings you give me or what fears you have, I’ll never stop searching for a way back to you. I have always loved you.”
	My eyes were still open, but my mind began to get hazy. Just as he always did, Aurelian caught me before I hit the floor. He gently caught me in his arms and sat with me.
	“Don’t say that,” he hovered over me. “You have to go on with your life. Once you go back, the world will be yours. You’ll have friends and family, a husband and children. No one will be able to hinder you and hurt you anymore…”
	“No,” I interrupted him, my last cognizant plea. “You know that I’ll never be able to stop loving you. I won’t be able to live unless I’m searching for you, and you won’t be able to live unless you somehow find me. It doesn’t matter what you say or do, I’m coming back.”
	After the last word, I became too hazy to form words. I could still hear, though, and Aurelian knew it. As if I needed to remember that he loved me, he felt the need to tell me something in this one last breath.
	“I know that you can’t speak now, but if you can still hear me, you must know something. The pearls that you spoke of – the ones that you lost in the garden – I didn’t put them back into your pocket then. I’ve reached across time and put them there now.”
	Then, my eyes closed. I felt his lips touch mine – probably without thinking as he gave me one, final kiss. I felt myself slipping away from this reality, slipping out of Ari’s grip. Soon, I truly had slipped away. He remained on the floor of the ballroom, but now I was gone.
	I was in freefall. Thunder shook my body, a blinding light evident above my eyelids. A flood of images came into view that depicted almost everything in my life up to that point. I continued falling through space and times. Colors, sounds, words, tastes and smells overwhelmed every one of my senses !
	Then – it all of a sudden – it stopped.
	My body came to a halt with a thud. When I next opened my eyes, all I could see was darkness. My eyes adjusted. I inched my head off of the ground just a tad to see that I was looking straight into a mirror – the mirror on my bedroom wall. 
	I glanced to see my old bed and balcony door among many other familiar items I saw reflected in the glass. Gas lanterns flickered on the sides of the room and illuminated the old coral wallpaper. It was the same old room I’d always known, but it offered me no comfort. Aurelian was nowhere in sight. 
	I couldn’t see him in plain sight, nor was he hiding in any dark corners or deserted balconies. My spirit could sense that he was nowhere in sight. For the first time in many months, I knew in my heart and my mind that Aurelian wasn’t near me at all. 
He wasn’t in this world with me or anywhere near it. He was completely gone. And for the first time in many, many months; I felt completely void. 
	“Ari?” I screamed out in despair. “AURELIAN!”
	Though, it was no use. He was gone.
	Madness ensued. I sat up and began beating against the mirror with my fists. At that point, I had simply lost it. I continued to call out his name, nearly having gone insane. The realization of my new loss caused me to become filled with so much madness at one time that one would think I belonged in an asylum.
	“ARI!” I wept, banging my fists madly against the floor before curling into a ball and sobbing close to my knees. 
	The tantrum was loud enough to be heard from across the hall – the hall that still contained gaggles of busy servants that patrolled it back-and-forth every moment of every hour doing their chores. One such servant had been passing by and ended up following the loud, wailing sounds to my bedroom door. In less than a minute, the servant kicked it open to find me lying on the floor, ashen faced and hot with madness. 
	“Elissa?” The servant shook, suddenly recognizing the person curled up in the ball. “No – it couldn’t be…” 
	Though, as the servant came closer to the place where I sat my identity became apparent. The servant bent down in shock and touched my face just to be certain – but even when she was certain she still found herself in complete shock. When she came to my side, I found myself in complete shock as well. Now that she was here, I could see who she was just as clearly as the day itself. It was Emily. 
	Now I knew that I was home. This time, for good.




41 | Fiery Heart



	After she found me there, Emily called for help at once. My entire family was in shock. Apparently, I had been missing for days. I would later find out that this was the date on which Ari and I declared our love for the first time. I fell into the bitterest, most paralyzing sadness after that. Worst of all, it was a sadness that no one understood. None of them knew where I’d actually been all this time. Not even Emily.
	It’s not like I could give them an answer, either. Inter-dimensional travel is an easier secret to keep than it is a topic to explain. There were also the things about me that no doctor could explain. Things like the three inches I’d seemed to gain while I was away, or the brown eyes that had somehow become the most indecisive hazel. 
	To avoid scandal, our social circle was told that I’d been kidnapped by rebels and rescued by the Royal Guard.
	I became catatonic. I refused to move or speak as I struggled to let go of what I still carried in my heart. I didn’t have the mindset or the physical energy to expose Beeti’s intentions yet, even if it didn’t matter much now anyway. My unexplained arrival had already put a dent in Beeti’s plans. 
	If she was going to carry out the murder, the constant presence of chaperones in my room gave me an alibi in nearly every circumstance. It was without question that things were going to go differently than they had before. Everything had changed. Somehow – the day that Grandmamma had once died came and went without any death at all.
	Grandmamma would actually become well again and live an entire year afterward.
	A few weeks later, I opened my eyes to see Emily sleeping in a chair beside my bed. The room was grey, lit by an invisible sun that hid behind a blanket of clouds instead of shining through my window. The world outside was as rainy and grey as the life I felt I was living. Just as the clouds had choked the life out of me, they also seemed to have taken all of the energy from my friend. Somehow, she still remained as faithful as a sister.  
	Emily stayed with me every day, worried sick that I was going to die. I treated her with the coldest indifference, but Emily would never leave. Today, there was something different about her; something that caused me to break my silence.
	 In the corner of my eye, I could see that Emily wasn’t just exhausted – she was also sopping wet. I moved my head a few inches to get a better glance at her. The girl looked like she’d run outside in a downpour.
	Why would she do that? I glanced up again to see something that would lead me to question how I had been treating her. Emily was wet for a reason, I realized. I twisted my head just a bit to see that my friend had compassionately placed a fresh, white lily in a vase on my bedside table. She went outside in the rain to get it for me. The gesture changed my perspective. If any act could have been so meaningful, it was this. It caused me to remember how worried she still must have been about Jackoby – their marriage still as secret as it had ever been.
	Emily must have still known about Aurelian.
	I shifted in place and sat up for the first time in days. The very sound jolted Emily to life. For a second she shot me a painful stare, seeming to believe I was about to get up and throw myself off of the balcony. But, I did something even more shocking: I spoke. 
	“Emily,” I meekly spoke up that day, “I have to ask you something.”
	“What is it?” Emily shook. I lowered my voice and gave her the most serious kind of look. I had to test and see what she truly knew…maybe then I’d be able to prove that the encounter was more than just a dream.
	“Do you remember him?” 
	Did she remember, or had her memory been wiped clean? In any other situation, I think that she would have had to ask me what I meant. She would have scanned the room, searching her mind for an answer before speaking up again. Though, this time that wasn’t necessary. The look in my eyes said it all. Emily’s heart knew exactly who I was talking about. She’d seen too much to ever forget.
	“Yes,” Emily mutedly replied. “And I’ll never forget.”
	The silence that followed her words was sober and meaningful. Aurelian hadn’t been a dream to either of us. Even though there was no way that she could have known all that I’d just seen and done, she’d still seen enough to be changed forevermore. 
	I knew what I had to do. In order to move on, I would have to take on this world again. I would have to take Beeti on. Today, I found myself motivated to do what I’d needed to do ever since I first arrived here. I sat up in bed and put my feet on the ground. Although suddenly recharged, my movement caused Emily to become overwhelmed with franticness. She called for all of the servants and family to come as fast as they could, urging me to sit back down. I refused. There was something that I had to say, and I wasn’t going to be idle again until I did. 
	In less than a minute it seemed that half of the family and staff had congregated in my room. Grandmamma was now strong enough to be wheeled in with everyone else. Winston was also present – having been at the house ever since he first heard of my ill state. Beeti stood in the crowd, too. She stood there with a snide look on her face, almost as if she was waiting for me to die or for Grandmamma to fall ill again.
	 I watched her reach into her dress pocket and fiddle with something inside before pulling her fingers back out again. Every day since Winston had arrived, she’d been waiting for the opportune moment to kill him. Though, the present circumstances had made it certain that the moment would never come.  
	“There is something that I must tell you all about my ordeal,” I began, gathering strength as I directed the crowd. “I have been silent for many weeks, unable to speak of what happened to me and why. I’m ready to talk about it now.”
	“Darling, wouldn’t you like to wait to tell us about this for a time when we’re…alone?” Wren suddenly spoke up, flabbergasted. She came and knelt at my bedside, whispering. “If the details are delicate, you only need to speak to Grandmamma, Beeti and I –”
	“No, you don’t understand. I’ll save the details for the family, but there is something that cannot wait,” I spoke up again. “It is something that could mean life or death for everyone here.” 
	“Then say whatever you feel you need to,” Wren sighed, clearly still in shock from my sudden decision to start speaking again. I eyed Beeti and took in a deep breath before I began speaking again.
	“There are many reasons that I was gone for the time that I was…” I started, trying to conjure up a believable explanation as I did. “I cannot say much, but I will tell you that it is because there is someone here who intends to see me harm.”
	The crowd fell silent. Winston came forward. 
	“Is this about my uncle?” He whispered, still not understanding my words.
	“No, Winston,” I argued, perhaps fibbing a bit. “Not quite. It’s someone who lives in this home.” I looked up at Beeti again, finding the courage to say what I needed to say. “It’s Beeti!”
	At that point, some of the servants left. Beeti began backing away in dismay. A look of utter dismay rang across her expression. 
	“You’re absurd! Why would I intend you harm?” Beeti defensively yelled at first. Her arrogance caused a sudden rush of anger to burst forth from within me.
	“You know exactly why you’d intend me harm,” my eyes narrowed. “You wanted me dead with public approval. You were going to kill Winston, and then you were going to see that I was killed for your crime!”
	All of my family members and friends who were in the room fell back in disbelief. There were bound to have been some people in the room who dismissed my accusation as complete lunacy. I hadn’t been in the right mind in these last few days…so what else could it be? I was insane – wasn’t I? This couldn’t be right. Though, Emily shuddered. She believed me for more reasons than just her loyalty to our friendship. She’d seen Beeti’s encounter with the Magistrate all those weeks ago…but this time she’d kept it to herself. 
	“Lady Elissa speaks the truth,” Emily stood up. “Beeti does want Elissa dead, and she was willing to use witchcraft to do it! I saw her conspiring before my very eyes!”
	“What on earth?” Beeti denied once more, turning to the crowd before resuming her slow attempt to back away. “You’re all insane! There is absolutely no proof of this – so why take either of their word for it? Emily’s a servant, and Elissa’s clearly not in her right mind! Why would I carry out such an elaborate scheme, anyway?”
	“Because you wanted Lady Elissa’s fortune,” a servant suddenly shouted up from the crowd. Several others came forward after that, all making similar statements and telling their own accounts of Beeti’s apparent coveting. Though, after a few moments of the chaos Grandmamma had enough of it.
	“Everyone, quiet!” She shouted from her wheelchair, immediately beginning to shoo some of the servants away. “This room is too crowded. Unless you have something meaningful to say pertaining to this, I want all of the servants back in the hallway and the door shut!”
	Half of the inhabitants of the room left at her command. They had no choice. Emily stayed, along with a few attendants. Whether Beeti was guilty or not was still in question, but if there was one thing that was certain it was that I was speaking again. I wasn’t going to stop now. Once the door closed, I spoke up again.
	“Grandmamma, it’s true! Beeti wants us dead!” I cried. “I’m speaking out of my right mind this time! She intended to poison Winston…then she was going to kill me!”
	“Hush, child,” Grandmamma remarked. “Murder? Why should you think that Beeti has been planning such a thing? Usually, I would side with you. But, as it is you are very sick and there is no proof of this at all!”
	I fell momentarily silent. No one believed me – how could I expose this before our safety came into question? I shuddered, realizing that if I couldn’t prove my case soon that Beeti might actually use this as a reason to succeed in framing me. Now I seemed insane. Perhaps it seemed like a rather usable situation to Beeti; to use my embarrassment at being unable to prove Beeti’s guiltiness as a means to snap and kill Winston anyway. 
	I had to find something that I could use to prove this…and I had to find it soon. Suddenly, there was a memory that jumped into my view. I remembered a few distant words that Aurelian had spoken to me before my journey back to earth. They were words that held the key to my innocence: “Know that the poison is in her pocket.”
	“I can prove it!” I suddenly yelped. “The poison – the poison that she’s going to use – is in her pocket. She’s probably been carrying it around and waiting to use it ever since Winston arrived here!”
	Beeti’s expression became completely dumbfounded. Realizing that she had been caught, she slowly began backing away. Perhaps she could still slip out of the room and dispose of it discreetly, she thought. In the end, there was no way for her to dodge it anymore. Even though my sanity was in question, the potential evidence of her intentions couldn’t be ignored. 
	“Beeti, show us your pockets,” Grandmamma demanded in angst. “Take out all of their contents so that we might be done with this.”
	“Why should I?” Beeti asked defensively. Something about her demeanor became so defensive and reckless that it actually caused Grandmamma to begin suspecting that there might be something more to this after all.
	“Come now; just show us what’s inside! You act as though you have something to hide,” Grandmamma barked again. 
	Beeti still refused. After a few negotiating words, Grandmamma and Wren became extremely suspicious of Beeti’s childishly hesitant behavior. Eventually, one of the stronger male attendants had to come and empty her pockets by force. The very moment that the man reached in, Beeti’s ill-hidden weapon topped into view. The attendant wrapped his hands around the unmarked vial and held it up to the light in shock.
	 The bottle contained a liquid that was colorful, bubbling and hot. The bottle was so hot that the man nearly burned himself – a sure sign that this wasn’t an innocent bottle of oil or a misplaced medication. Everyone in the room knew that it must have been poison. Still not desiring to accuse her daughter too quickly; my wise grandmother demanded that she be given the bottle to investigate.
	“Beeti…what is this?” Grandmamma and Wren asked at once. Beeti remained completely belligerent. 
	“It’s not what you think it is! This little urchin only desires to slander me!” Beeti barked. Suddenly remembering the potent abilities of the potion, Beeti quickly devised the darkest of plans. She smirked before calmly speaking up again. “It’s an iceberry tonic for my…joint pain. The tonic is entirely harmless. You can even try it if you want. Go ahead –
take a sip! I have nothing to hide.”
	“I wouldn’t be so sure about that, Beeti! I love you…dear sister…but what should happen to us if this is poison? You insist we not simply take Elissa’s word for it, so why should we take yours?” Wren exclaimed in reply.
	“Well…if there’s no way to test it, you can only assume my innocence,” Beeti announced somewhat proudly. It was short lived.
	“Actually, there is a way that you could test it,” Emily explained. She eyed the white lily on my bed stand. “Every servant knows that the way to test something’s potency – at least with most kinds of chemicals – is to see what it withers.” 
	“Ah – yes!” Winston suddenly chimed up. “Our servants do this with every new shipment of medicine or kitchen supplies that comes to our estate. It’s been a requirement for the staff in every governor’s estate since the assassination of Julius XIV.”
	A bulb lit over each of our heads at the mention. It was a sparsely mentioned happening in the history of our empire, as it proved that even the Magistrate was mortal. Julius Mallard XIV was our fourteenth Magistrate. He met a premature end by the sword of a poisoned bowl of plumb stew. The family’s of the wealthy and powerful had tested every ingredient and chemical that went in and out of their estates ever since.
	“There’s only one way to know if this is poison,” Emily informed once again, delicately taking the vial into her own hands and uncapping it. She nearly gagged at the hot, toxic smell. “We test it on the lily. I’ll put a drop of it in the vase. If it’s toxic, the polluted water will cause the lily to rot.”
	“I still don’t see how this will prove anything. Even if that hideous flower rots, how would you know if it was because of your fly-by-night testing? It might not even be because of the tonic at all!” Beeti continued her defiant protesting, nearly spitting on Emily with her belligerence. 
	“No,” Emily glared. “This test is absolutely certain. One drop of this in the water – and if it’s poison – the lily rots immediately.”
	Unable to argue anymore, Beeti fell silent. Emily glared at her, standing up for herself and everyone else that Beeti had ever trampled over as she held the noxious vial in her hands. Without another question, Emily stepped over to my bedside table and gently brushed the lily aside with her hand so that she could get a clear sight of how the liquid would hit the water. 
	Then, she took the toxic vial and tilted it toward the vase. A single drop of liquid slid from the vial and dripped from its lid. The drop was dark and fizzy, hitting the surface of the water inside of the vase in no more than a few milliseconds. As soon as it hit the water, it was as if a bucket of dye had been thrown in with it. The water became a putrid shade of yellowish-green, then purple, then black. Next, everyone in the room became utterly speechless. 
	One-by-one, the leaves of the lily suddenly became as putrid yellow as the water had been at first. The leaves turned yellow, then crinkled and withered before falling off of the rotting stem as shriveled remnants on the ground. It all happened just as Emily had suspected it would. The single dab of poison had blanketed the water with darkness before causing the lily to suck it in and wither before everyone’s eyes. 
	“It’s true…” Grandmamma muttered in shock. “It’s…poison.”
	There’s not much more that needs to be said about Beeti after that. She tried to leave the room and make a run for it, but burly attendants came in and pinned her against the wall from all sides. They took her and locked her in the closet just as I had been until the royal guard arrived to make her arrest. Of course, the Magistrate was still on Beeti’s side in all of this. The lily alone wasn’t enough evidence to prosecute her this time (although it had been much easier to prosecute me for a crime I never committed). Though, the public quickly caught onto the scandal and prosecuted her with the guillotine of public opinion.
	Suddenly, the fate that Beeti had intended for me became her own. Word got out and caused the public to side with me in waves. As figureheads and news reporters caught on to my story, they dug deeper to uncover the truth about my poor, tragic past. My entire life became a famed piece of media history, sensationalized as the ultimate “Cinderella story.” The media dug and dug to find out all that my past had to offer and made it into an ordeal of epic proportions. 
	The attention wasn’t all bad. All of the hype caused the public to shield with their favor in a way that kept the Magistrate at bay for quite a while. The world loved me for the time being, rendering the Magistrate unable to truly interfere with my life without scrutiny. It all happened just as Aurelian claimed that it would – the world was mine now, and the ones who had tried to hurt me were unable to touch me any longer. 
	Grandmamma died a year after my ordeal. She died painlessly and at rest. This time, the loss didn’t burn quite as much. Before she left this world, she made her final request to me as a gentle whisper in my ear:
	“Elissa, you must carry on my legacy. Become the heir. Use your strength to carry the fortune and use it for greater things,” Grandmamma weakly whispered to me on her last day. 
	This time, I knew what I had to do. I kissed her hands tenderly and nodded my head, tears trailing. This was what she wanted for me, and this was also what I wanted myself. There was nothing to stand in my way now. Once she passed, I did as I was instructed and took it. I took it because of my love for Grandmamma, but also because of something else. My mind was made up with a kind of certainty that it hadn’t been able to grasp while I was still a child. This destiny was mine. If I wanted to move on in my life, I couldn’t deny it anymore.
	I had finally made the choice, and it was mine.	
	In less than a day the paperwork had been filled out, the oaths recited and the celebrations commenced. My assumption as the new matriarch was celebrated by the public as if it were a coronation of sorts. I was now – and would be until the day that I died – the head of the wealthiest family of non-royals in the country. Those who had followed my story celebrated as they watched me ascend to new heights as a newly vindicated young woman. 
	However, this new identity of mine wasn’t accepted without a looming bittersweetness over what I still couldn’t leave behind. Even though the world was seemingly mine, I could never forget my adventure. There wasn’t a day that went by that I didn’t think of Aurelian. There wasn’t a moment that I let go of my hopes that somehow there was a chance we could meet again. Even after being seemingly shunned by him, I would never stop hoping or looking for a way back. I had seen too much to be blind ever again.
	By now, you must have realized that this story is nearing its end. Though, I still have one last thing to tell you…alright, maybe a few. Of course, you must be wondering about Winston and I. What happened to our engagement? Well, I asked myself that question many times over the next year myself. After I accepted the money, Winston came on to me even more insistently than before.
	With my newfound fame came a newfound adoration for it in Winston. I won’t call Winston wholly shallow; but even though he did care for me quite a bit, I could see that Winston wanted a relationship in the limelight. He pulled me in even closer in public, insisted on showing his affection for the cameras and in front of large crowds. For a few months, I played along with the façade. But, in the end I couldn’t bear it anymore.
	Even though I knew that he was out of my reach, my heart still belonged to Aurelian.
	About a year later, I decided that I had enough. It was a cool morning in the middle of April. I was 18 now. That year I continually wrestled, remaining with Winston sometimes and pulling away from him during others because I ineptly believed his companionship might help me to move on with my life. You’re probably not very surprised to hear that it didn’t.
	 Winston had insisted that we take a walk in the garden that day in order to discuss wedding plans. Although I still hadn’t consented to a wedding, I decided to go along with him anyway. It all went fine at first, but Winston decided to surprise me with an unexpected turn in the path that caused unpleasant memories to surface from the most painful reaches of my heart. There’s no way that he could have known what happened there…yet I still resented him for it. 
	Of all of the places he could have brought me, he brought me to the cherry blossom trees.
	“…And I believe that the Gellman’s have expressed interest in attending,” Winston proudly announced to me, unaware of my sinking heart as we walked underneath the pink canopy that I had found love under long ago. 
	A small blossom fell from the treetops and settled on my shoulder as if it was a delicate snowflake. The sight was so familiar that I nearly started to cry. I held it in, but I still pulled back from Winston in an emotional frenzy at the thought. Although I was clearly miserable now, Winston carried on with his talk about the wedding guests and reception dishes without paying any mind to me. It caused my dread to turn to anger and my anger into a realization about my destiny that opened my mouth and thrust a message aloud.
	“I can’t do this, Winston!” I suddenly snapped at him, jerking my arm away. 
	“You can’t do what?” Winston confusedly shot back at me.
	“I can’t…do…this!” I repeated. “Ever since I became the heiress, all you’ve done is cling to me. I’m sick of it!”
	“Of course I have, darling,” he told me in a way that was mushily affectionate and arrogant at the same time. “Now that you’re the head of this estate, our castes aren’t so different. I can finally have you without the fear of losing much of my inheritance.”
	I pulled away from him all at once, utterly disgusted. His inheritance? This entire tribulation had been about money? Obviously, Winston still took a liking to me – but, I had always known in that he must have had other motives. I had known it, yet in this tender moment I didn’t expect the first explanation out of him to be as shallow as that. Now, I was appalled.
	“So, that’s what this has been about?” I asked him, jaw dropped and shoulders high in suspicion.
	“It’s not difficult to see,” Winston remarked, the annoyance evident in his tone. “You needed me before, but now that the stars have aligned and the time is right, we can finally enjoy each other!”
	I needed him before? Really? Sometimes I questioned what planet Winston had been born on, but never as much as I questioned it now. Even in this reality, Winston’s actions never saved me. They never helped me or even offered me comfort of any kind. If anything, they had endangered and bombarded me beyond compare. It was easy for me to see, yet Winston remained oblivious to it. 
	He continued to prance around with the prideful belief that he had been my savior even though he’d never really helped me at all. Winston continued to act as though my size and gender meant that he could take credit for my achievements, and I was utterly sick of it. I had gotten here because of my strength. If I had ever needed anyone before – I certainly didn’t need Winston now. Winston simply couldn’t see that. It was time to make him understand.
	“If you truly loved me as my mother loved my father, your love for me wouldn’t change based on my caste. If you truly loved me, it wouldn’t matter if I was a 3rd Caste or a 10th Caste!” I sternly told Winston, watching his expression immediately change to one of offense and disbelief.
	“But, I do love you, Elissa! Your caste doesn’t matter to me, it’s just…”
	“It’s just the treatment that comes with it,” I interrupted, finishing for him. Now, Winston was fumbling without defense.
	“Maybe so. But, I still don’t understand what this has to do with our wedding, Elissa! I love you and that is that. Why question it?”
	“Our wedding,” I echoed again, attempting to keep myself from fuming. “That’s just it, Winston! You think that you love me, but you don’t seem to understand what true love even looks like. First of all, you’ve thrown all of these marriage proposals at me as if you were going to carry them out whether I approved or not. If you truly cared for my opinion, you’d stop insisting things that I’ve protested against!”
	“I care for your opinions –” Winston stammered. “I only wanted to give us the grandest of weddings…”
	“Again with your talk of the wedding,” I sighed again. “Why can’t you understand what I’m trying to tell you? And, if it’s worth anything else – I want you to understand that I’ve never needed you. Why do you insist that I ever did?”
	“Isn’t that how it’s supposed to be, Elissa?” Winston exclaimed, finally beginning to understand my angst. “A bride needs her husband. A bride relies on her husband and satisfies him. When we marry, you’ll need me just as much. Besides that, you’re still small and vulnerable…” he stopped for a moment, taking notice of the clear change in height that I’d experienced after my return. “Even if your past adventures seem to have…changed you.”
	I closed my ever-changing eyes, feeling the ache of my broken heart. It was broken, yet it was stronger than this. I was sick of this! I’d been brought to my wits end with suitors believing that I was simply a baby-maker with a bank strapped to my back!  I knew that I was much more than that. I was a strong soul – someone ready to soar. 
	“No, Winston. You’re wrong. You know what? This has gone on long enough! Winston, there will be no wedding.”
	“Wait – you’re simply calling it off?” Winston reveled, flabbergasted.
	“How can you call off what hasn’t been planned?” I wittily replied. “I will marry when I’m ready to marry, and I will marry who I want to marry! That person won’t think that I need him. He’ll simply want me as I am!” I paused for a moment, searching my heart and mind for the last words: “The one who holds my heart will also have to hold my fire. If he’s willing to hold that – or at least try to learn – he’s strong enough to hold me.”



Chapter the Last
	


	You might think that my story ends here, but it doesn’t. My experiences left me changed in more ways than I could ever forget – ways that were both physical and spiritual. For three years after my experience, I searched for Aurelian with ceaseless but secret instance. I tried to carry on with my life and move on as he’d told me to, yet I couldn’t. It wasn’t a kind of immature desperation – it was this overwhelming burden that I carried every day that caused me to feel like Aurelian and I had parted prematurely.
	 My soul constantly gnawed away at me, bringing me memories of the true love that we shared and the mysterious experiences that brought us together and caused us to part. I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again – the entire ordeal changed me, opened my eyes and forced me to live as if I wasn’t blind anymore. I moved through life for the next few years as someone who was happy and successful with my life, friends, and fortune. Though, regardless of what happiness the world tried to bring me – I could never fully be satisfied. 
	The only other living being who would understand a glimmer of how I felt was Emily. Emily and I would keep the secret of our strange adventure the most precious one in our hearts. She’d never understand what happened completely, but she would still believe in it like nothing else. She couldn’t be blind anymore, either. 
	For three years afterward, Emily and I would secretly look for a way to get back to the Night Kingdom. Even though it seemed to be in vain, we’d never give up. We’d descend into the cellars to look for the house of mirrors, but all we’d find would be a small room filled with cobwebs and broken glass. We’d also look for that mysterious book in hopes that it might hold another clue to solving our mystery. Though, that seemed to be missing, too. 
	It had seemingly disappeared off of the face of the earth. It didn’t lurk on any high shelf or unused piece of furniture. It didn’t exist under any beds or in any old cellars. There wasn’t even a record of it in the library itself!  Even after using my money to scale the country, it was as if the book never existed. It was as if all of the physical remnants of the journey had vanished from this world so that my encounter with the unknown would only seem to be a distant dream. Still, I never gave up. 
	There was a void in my heart that would never be filled, not until the day that Aurelian and I would be together again. Even though I knew that the chances were slim, I never forgot that Aurelian hadn’t sent me home through the last portal. There was always the ever-present awareness I had that maybe – just maybe – a door the Night Kingdom was still out there. There was also a small hope I had that perhaps one day…that last door might somehow open for me.
	On a simple day in mid-July about four years later, my search came to an end.
	It had seemed an ordinary day at the Estate. The servants were busy preparing to entertain guests that would flock to my estate from far-off provinces by nightfall. Wren was off honeymooning with her new husband on the coast, so the oversight of what floral arrangements went where and which foods should go on the menu fell on me. 
	Believe-it-or-not, the job was actually quite tiring. In lieu of it all, I felt an unexpected urge to go into my room and relax between my duties. The moment that I opened the door, I immediately took notice of an object on my bedside table that hadn’t been there before. As I neared it, I realized that the peculiar object was a note. I picked it up in my hands and held it up to the light, seeing that it was sealed with a regal-looking crest while my name was printed on the front of it in swirling cursive letters. I broke the seal to reveal its contents. 
	As soon as I read what it contained, I dropped the note on the floor and smiled.
	What it said isn’t important – but the message it gave me was clear. It was time. I dropped everything in my life as joyfully and willingly as I could. There was no luxury, adorer, or celebration that I would hold onto in place of this. This was what I’d been waiting for, the thing for which I’d been longing for years. I would drop everything for this – and I was. 
	Almost if it destiny itself was calling, I looked over and saw that another peculiar object had appeared in my room. This time, it was lying on my bed. I quickly reached out and grabbed it before running my fingers over it in disbelief. It couldn’t be…yet it was. It was my blue cape. It was the same blue cape that I had worn on the day of my departure with the prince. I tied it around me in delight, twirling around in a childlike kind of dance. 
	My glance was suddenly drawn to the sight of my bedroom mirror. I inched closer to it, slowly reaching forward to touch the glass. When my hand moved across its surface, I knew that the mirror wasn’t made of glass anymore. The surface felt as cool and inviting as water bubbling up from a spring. That was when I knew what this was. The joy I felt was inexplicable. Yes, the last door to the unknown was still out there.
	It was still out there, and now it was opening for me. 
	I only thought of hesitating. Even that single, quiet thought wasn’t enough to really make me do it. No, I wasn’t going to question this. If this was the thing that I thought it was…I had nothing to lose. In the next breath, I closed my eyes and began to reach through. Before I could decide otherwise, my feet had already taken themselves and carefully walked through. When I opened my eyes again, I saw that I was standing in the same familiar ballroom that I had departed from four years ago.
	My feet began to act again. I ran as if I was fleeing from a wildfire, without any regard to whatever obstacles might be in my path. It was nearly instinctual. In less than a minute I had pushed my way out of the ballroom and into one of the main hallways of the castle. 
	I could hardly remember where I was going, yet I didn’t need to. My heart knew where it needed to go. I was going wherever my soul would take me. Just as the soul always will, it took me back to the place that housed the thing I’d been searching for. My arms shoved the two, massive doors open and my feet came to a halt. I was standing in the throne room, glancing at a figure that was turned from me in shock. He had sensed I was here, but he never once believed it could be true. 
	“Aurelian,” I huffed in disbelief. “Is it really you?”
	At the sound of my voice, I could see the tension leave him. His shoulders lowered, his head beginning to hang as he realized that it was really me. Though, he still didn’t turn to face me. He remained with his back turned to me, still too fearful to face me. 
	“Why are you here?” He gruffly spoke up. 
	Whatever words I had planned to say quickly fell away from me. He didn’t know what had happened? I thought that he had been behind this…But, from his demeanor I could clearly tell that my arrival was completely unexpected, perhaps even unwelcome. Instead of withering away, I stood my ground. 
	“You don’t know?” I questioned in response. “The portal opened in my bedroom.”
	“I know. But, why did you go through it? I told you never to come back here.”
	 Now I was even more confused than I had been before. What was this? Had he honestly just opened a portal in my home and expected that I wouldn’t walk through it? Or, had he known that it would spontaneously surface there but did nothing to stop it? I could see him filled with so much hesitance that at first I wanted to scream at him and demand an answer – then my thoughts quickly fell quiet as I realized what this was. This was Aurelian…testing me.
	 However the portal must have opened, it was clear that Aurelian was testing to see if I still loved him. Seeing that he did nothing to stop this, I could see that he clearly didn’t expect that I’d actually love him enough to do it. Either that, or he’d been smoldering for such a long time he couldn’t stand it anymore. I didn’t even care which one it was. All I cared to do was ask him one question:
	“You still love me, don’t you?” 
	There was silence. I spoke up again.
	“How long has it been?” I softly uttered. “How many years have you been waiting for me here?”
	For a fraction of a second I saw Aurelian turn to pay me a glance before turning away from me and hanging his head low in shame once more. The silence between us was deafening. After a few moments of waiting, Aurelian spoke up in a tone that was barely audible:
	“It’s been seven years….and I’ve never been able to let you go.”
	I closed my eyes, trying to hold back the tears. It was all together useless, because they started coming anyway. I knew that he loved me. I knew it. As faulted as we were, our love hadn’t failed.
	“Then why don’t you want me here?” I tested him equally as potently in response.
	“I didn’t expect you to come,” Aurelian muttered, clearly dodging me. “I’m not the person that you once knew. You need to leave this place while the door is still open.”
	Aurelian fell silent and so did I. Did this mean that Aurelian had accepted the Curse? I stared at him with the most discerning and soulful eyes. Was he truly a different man now? All that I could see was Ari, the same one I’d always known. Instead of turning back, I took a step closer.
	“You still haven’t taken the Curse, have you?” I told him, continually approaching. “You’ve fought it all of this time, and yet you still believe that you’re a monster.”
	“Perhaps I haven’t accepted the Curse – perhaps I’ve resisted it,” Aurelian suddenly spoke up. He put out his hand as if to stop me. “Perhaps I’ve spent every day in pain at this eternal temptation I face…pain that could only be comforted at the thought of our time together. Even then, the pain has changed me.”
	“I’ve changed too, Aurelian,” I cried. “Whatever change you’ve seen, know that I’ve not been the same, either! I’ve waited four years for this moment. I’m 21 now…a grown woman. That change doesn’t keep me from loving you. Does your change hinder your love for me?”
	“No,” Aurelian spoke up somewhat grimly after a moment of silence. “I love you so deeply that it pains me.”
	“I suppose that makes you a very pained man,” I remarked dismally in response.
	“The pain of our love is not the pain of the Curse. The pain of your love is beautiful and faultless. It’s given me the strength the resist has tried to overtake me.”
	Aurelian looked over his shoulder at me, turning his body halfway. There was a glint of light in the darkness, a glimpse of strength in our weakness. Our hearts remembered their unity. It was a wonderful feeling – yet, it was also terrifying. 
	“You should go back, Elissa. Don’t stay here,” Aurelian pleaded. “You don’t know what you’ll face if you stay.”
	“I don’t care what I face,” I boldly declared, “I’m here now. I will stand by you in whatever pain or temptation you face, and I won’t stop until it’s gone and dead.”
	“Please don’t say that –” Aurelian argued, though I hushed him. 
	 “If you didn’t want me here, you would have never let me come. It’s like when you let me kiss you for the first time,” I let out another bout of tearful laughter. “I know that you want me here. What will it take for me to show you that I’ll always love you?”
	With that, the entire castle suddenly echoed with the loud sound of the portal back to my word snapping shut. We were together now. The very last portal had just closed. We both knew that meant that even if there was going to be a question; there still wasn’t any way to go back. I was here to stay. Aurelian looked up at me with a look of awe in his eyes. I could tell that he was shaking, too. 
	“Just let me ask you this,” he tested. “Do you still choose me?”
	I instantly fell into his embrace. Was it even a question anymore? This was the beginning of our new life together – and nothing could steal that away from us. I looked into his eyes discerningly and brushed my fingertips against his newly gruff face before letting my next action be the answer. 
	“Always,” I whispered. 
	Then, I settled my hand on his face and kissed him; for I was not afraid.






Elissa will return.




EPILOGUE
THE LION AND THE MOUSE

	There was a blast of light, then an explosion. It could be heard by everyone in the county for miles. No one knew what had happened, nor could they have known. There wasn't evidence of an asteroid – not a single chard of rock or a piece of ash to be found. The only evidence they had was the sound that caused every countryman to rise from bed that night. A few night-workers claimed to have seen it fall over the moor. There were even some that claimed to possess parts of the star! But, there were more scoundrels among them than was worth the money. Even without proof, the occurrence was enough to send this sleepy town into unanimous uproar.
Whatever the speculation, only one had seen the proof herself. Many in the town would have taken the knowledge and sold it for riches. Some would have used it to obtain love and power – maybe even more than that. But, she didn't. She encountered it first-hand, dealt with it and hid it from the town's wandering eyes. She kept it a secret, for she knew that it was something that's repercussions would bring pain and suffering on their lives. Powerful people had already come to find her. Revealing it to the rest of the world would strip her of the life and family that she knew so well.
And it did.
"Don't come any closer," he snarled at her in the dim morning light. "Come any closer and I'll kill you!"
The man spat at the girl from afar, having buried himself in a mound of hay. If he'd ever been vulnerable – this was his very weakest point. He'd lost everything he'd ever held claim to. His kingdom was gone. His power had fled. He'd nearly been slain and had been thrust into a strange new world as his only defense. On top of all of that, a great gash now bled out of his side onto the ground. It was the kind of moment he knew meant anyone could take him.
"Please, just leave! If you don't, you'll sorely regret it!" He begged the young woman again.
She didn't heed his warning. The curious woman grabbed a lantern beside the barn door and continued approaching. This man was too sick to truly pose a threat. How he'd gotten here was still a mystery – the way her brothers could have kept watch over the flock all night and never have seen anyone come or go from the barn. Yet, somehow this man had appeared here out of thin air. Even though curiosity was entirely called for, the gentle young woman also didn't have it in her heart to let him die.
"You're hurt," she remarked as she knelt down at his side. "Please, let me."
The man resisted her at first, but quickly realized that it was no use. She dabbed her fingers over his wound and held them up to the light. If there was one thing that was clear, this was no ordinary man. The blood pouring out of his wounds and now lacing her fingers was not the usual red color. Instead, it was black.
Black as coal.
If this woman had been fooled into believing that she was helping a decent man, she'd surely pull away from this one now. But, much to the man's surprise; she stayed with him. The color was strange, but she seemed almost unfazed by it. At first, he believed that she might have had ill intentions for him because of it. Could this lack of fear mean that she knew? If she knew, perhaps she was an ally of his enemies. Anything seemed possible.
"What do you want with me?" He growled as she reached into a satchel on her hip. Using what little strength he had left, he reached up and gripped her arm. The sheer strength of it caused her body to fall to the ground; a thick head of auburn hair tumbling forth with it.
"I'm trying to help you!" She asserted from behind a pair of deep blue eyes.

The simple words caused the man to fall into complete astonishment. She didn't care about who he was. She didn't care about the color of his blood or the mystery of his appearance. None of those things seemed to matter as much to her as simply aiding him in this time of need. She couldn't be, he thought helplessly. But, she was. She was actually being kind to him.
"I'm sorry," the man spoke up in a raspy voice. "I didn't mean to scare you...I just don't understand."
	"You don't understand what?" She asked.
"Why you'd want to help someone like me."
The woman froze. There was a long pause. It lasted a minute, maybe two. What this man had just said caused the girl to become equally as astonished.
"Why wouldn't I?"
"If you knew, you'd believe it wise to keep your distance," he darkly replied.
"And why would that be?" She was still unable to grasp what he was saying.
"Because when I'm strong – able to do things that you will never understand in your petty form...I'm like a lion in comparison to you. I'm a beast – and you're as weak as a mouse."
By his tone, she had every right to feel insulted. The statement could have very well been construed as a blow to her family or class. It also sounded extremely arrogant, so it was a given that she'd probably care for him reluctantly from here on out. But, she didn't stop.
"If your words are true, I still have no reason to fear. There's an old parable," she began, "about a lion and a mouse. The lion was in pain from a thorn in its paw. No one dared help him in fear of what he might do once he was free again. Some because they were fearful he'd kill them – others simply because they wanted to watch the powerful creature fail. The only one who did neither of the things was a mouse."
"And what then? He ate it? They killed him? What in the Plateau's name does this have to do with me?"
"You seem clever. I didn't think it would take you very long to figure it out."

"Seeing how much pain I'm in, I didn't think you'd be dull enough to expect me to know of your pitiful little stories!"
The young woman only rolled her eyes. She still took no offense at his harsh, helpless words. She held her breath and poured more alcohol over his wound. The astringent caused him such seething that he squirmed. That was when his insults fell silent.
"No, the Lion didn't eat the mouse. He only wanted relief from his pain. The mouse was bold enough to approach him and agree to remove it, under the condition that he wouldn't eat him afterwards. The lion agreed – probably willing to betray the agreement once he was relieved. Then, the mouse took his nimble hands and removed the thorn from the beast."
"I suppose this is where he betrays the creature..." He mumbled in a daze. The young woman curled her lips into a slight smile.
“No. The lion was so appreciative of his help that he promised the mouse a favor. They became allies, bringing out the very best in each other despite their differences," she said in a near whisper. "That's why – even if you are as you say, I'm not afraid. Whoever you might be, it's my obligation to help you."
"That's nonsense," the wounded one quickly objected. "You have no obligation to help me at all. I tell you this now – even if your stories have virtue – you don't know what kind of lion you're dealing with."
"Even if I don't, maybe it's time that the lion is helped by the mouse."
Now the man was in awe. No one had ever been this kind to him by choice – none of them as brave to approach him as she had been. Anyone with eyes could see the color of his blood. It wouldn't have taken much to figure out that the color of his blood may have very well been the same color as his heart. The woman didn't even know who he was, and she was tending to him as if he were kin! 
The woman reached into her satchel again, but this time the young man didn't say a word. He fell into a state of complete bewilderment as she hovered over him; unable to pull himself out of a trance as he stared into her honest blue eyes.

	"This might hurt a little, but it will help heal your wounds," she informed him. The girl quickly pulled a roll of gauze out of the bag, then a big bottle of liquid. She took a small patch of the roll and tore it, using it to absorb some of the liquid in the bottle before dabbing it over the gash. The solution sent searing pain into him at first touch.
"This is worse pain than I've ever felt," he shook. "Worse than the sword!"
And it was true. In his previous life, there was a great power that kept him from feeling this kind of pain. Even in the very end, it kept him from feeling the slaughter. Though, he clearly wasn't numb anymore. He could feel this pain just like any other human. Because of that, it was beyond simple pain. It was unbearable. The girl still didn't know this. She was baffled by his words. The notion that this could hurt him worse than a sword seemed quite odd.
"If you want to...you can hold my hand," she told him uncertainly.
	"Might I?"
It was clear that this was no romantic notion. The man was paralyzed by his pain. She nodded and reached down to grab hold of his shaking hand. For some reason, she didn't have to reach as far as she thought. Even without the strength to move, he managed to reach up and meet her half way. When their hands met, she braced him for the pain again and reached up to put gauze on his wound. That was when something strange started to happen – at least, strange compared to what she'd already seen.
The blood that had been so black was now a very human red.
	"Alright, I'm going to have to stitch this up –" The girl started, but was quickly stopped when she saw another impossible sight.
Not only had his blood changed color, but his wound was closing before her eyes.
"Thank you," the man whispered a minute later. It was as if the pain in him had suddenly gone away. He sat up triumphantly, but was quickly stricken down again. 

"I don't know what's happening..." the girl fathomed. While he saw it as tragic, she saw it as a great improvement. “Your wounds...they're almost gone. I won't have to stitch them up. Still, don't move! I'll wrap some gauze around it and then I'll be done."
The sun was nearly rising now, so he got a better glimpse of her face. The rays of light caused it to become illuminated in a way that was almost angelic. Her blue eyes glowed like pools of glass and her straight auburn hair glimmered like rusty gold in the sunlight. She had such a downy, youthful look to her. 
All of her features mesmerized him, along with her kindness. It caused him to feel the deepest kind of affection for her. It was a kind of affection that his hardened heart could barely comprehend as the girl selflessly tended to his side.
"Who are you?" The man suddenly asked. She looked over at him for a second, the brushed her eyes back towards the wound as if it the question was nothing.
"Talia.”
"Talia," he echoed in amazement. "Your deeds will never be forgotten."
"It's nothing –" Talia started, but was quickly hushed
"No. You have helped a lion...and he is in your debt."
Talia looked down and smiled, blushing. Half of her felt honored, the other slightly confused. All she'd done was help him! Who was this person whose promises felt so grand? Whose words were so deep; whose past so mysterious? Now her curiosity was at its peak.
"Who are you?" She beckoned, flashing him an inquisitive look.
The man looked deeply into her eyes and squeezed her hand. Then, he pulled it close and kissed it. This kindness was no spontaneous act. It was something worthy of great reward, a sign that this woman must have been meant for great things. It was not by chance, but by fate that she had found him on this day.
	"Faolan."



