MIGHTY HAMMER DOWN
By David J. Guyton
Legend of Reason Series
Book One
Published by David J. Guyton at Smashwords
Copyright 2010 David J. Guyton

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Visit www.davidjguyton.com for news, maps, audio chapters, contests, companion ebook, desktop backgrounds and more?all FREE! This book is also available in paperback.




For Paige


Chapter 1

The knife struck him hard, sending him right to his knees.
"Well now soldier, you didn't expect another one of us here in the shadows did you?" he whispered.
The Medoran soldier gasped a few times, but he did not cry out in pain. It was to be commended, for the wound was fatal, and the man was as tough as the granite walls around them. He tried to stand but his body was no longer responding to his commands.
"That will teach you to kill one of my men. How dare you meddle in the business of the Mages?"
When he received no answer he twisted the knife hard between the ribs in his back. He didn't do it to demonstrate his savage charm; he just thought that a painless death was meaningless. He was simply showing the man that he deserved more than that. The man jerked violently several times before falling limp to the floor, his face slamming into the cold stone with a sickening smack.
He heard the whistle of a blade swinging through the air behind him. He was quick enough to step aside, the sword catching only his robes. The blade met the stone wall with a piercing ring, sending showers of sparks and chips of granite clattering to the floor.
His eyes met his attacker's determined gaze. It was another Medoran soldier, this one even larger than the one had had just killed. He couldn't imagine how they could have found them, but they did. He had to dispatch this nuisance before half a Legion arrived and put his head on the end of a spear.
The sword came around again in a wide arc. He dropped to his knees to avoid it and punched the man square in the groin. The man let out a cry and hit his knees too. He was hoping he would have dropped the sword, but his fist still held it tightly, and in an instant it was sweeping through the air again.
He reached for his knife but realized it was still jutting from the back of the first dead soldier. He retrieved it after a carefully planned roll, coming to his feet and immediately lunging at his enemy. The soldier was able to avoid the stab but he stumbled, and was unable to bring the sword around again for an effective attack.
The soldier's own momentum made driving the blade into his belly rather easy. He thrust the blade into the man over and over, not wanting to take any chances. When he collapsed to the floor, he still held the hilt of his sword in an iron grip, but a few swift kicks to his hand freed the blade.
The soldier lay there on the floor, his blood and soul seeping out into the world beyond his body. It was only fair to end his miserable existence, so he picked up the man's sword and with several gruesome hacks severed his head from his neck.
 He spat at the corpse. "Some soldier you proved to be. You should have worn more armor."
"Red Master," came a voice from across the room.
He looked down at his companion in black robes several paces away. "You're still alive? I thought for sure the soldier had killed you."
"I'm afraid he has Red Master. I feel the world fading around me," the man said between ragged breaths.
The Red Master smiled and pulled his dark hood off of his head. "Then why do you call to me? Go meet Inshae and be at peace."
"Soon Red Master. I must tell you that I found it. It is there, under the cloth. I hid it before they could see it."
His smile widened. "You have done well my friend. If you really did find it, then you will have accomplished the most important task in the history of the Mages."
"Thank you Red Master. It is an honor to have served you," he said, coughing up blood with his words.
He knelt by the dying man and put his hand over where he grasped his stomach wound. The man flinched, so he pushed a little harder, just to see the man grimace. "You did not die for nothing Blue Master. I will ease your pain for you."
The man tried to shake his head and pull away, but it was too late. He stabbed him in the neck and sawed through his windpipe as he thrashed about in protest. Soon enough, the thrashing stopped. The horror of life had ended and the man's soul went to serve the great god Inshae.
"Now go to Inshae Blue Master. You have served me well; now serve our god in the lands beyond our sight."
He sighed in relief. His heart had been pounding ever since he saw the Medoran soldier sneak up on his companion. It was excitement as much as it was fear. He knew right away that he was going to watch two men die-watching three men die was even better.
But that's not what excited him most. In the corner was a black cloth thrown on the floor. He followed a trail of blood over to the shiny satin cloth. Carefully, he pulled the cloth away to reveal the priceless treasure beneath. His eyes went wide and he felt his heart pumping hard in his chest. He felt dizzy as he bent to pick it up.
In his hands he held the most dangerous object the world had ever seen.


Chapter 2

Rommus sat on the rock that he and Mirra called theirs. He always arrived before her, and sometimes she never showed up at all. He didn't mind the waiting though, not under the bright sun in the clear Medoran sky. When he was alone like this, it always seemed the world moved slower, as if the gods were not quite finished painting the world, but were in no hurry to finish it. Rommus loved that painting in all its colors; from the icy blue and purple world under the moon to the deep blue waters lapping at the cliffs beneath him. He leaned back and let the sun hit his face. In only a month or so, the seasons would shift and the sun would not burn with such fury.
Rommus lived for days like this, but he kept the real reason a secret. The bright colors reminded him of when he was younger and times were simpler. A time where hope still shined brilliantly at his horizon, guiding him to some great unknown destiny. His life he felt had become a stark contrast to that vision. His dreams were now gone. Nothing ever worked out the way he intended. He had done well in the Medoran army, serving as a Captain in the Moon Legion for several years, and after his service he continued to work for them making weapons and armor for two more years. This would be considered noble and patriotic, except that his father was Tannis Tirinius, Commanding General of all seven Legions. His father never judged him harshly for leaving the army, but he could see the disappointment in his eyes. He could also see people turn and whisper whenever he passed, keeping to the shadows to spread their little rumors and lies.
No, that was not the life he wanted, but what frustrated him most was that he had no idea where he wanted to end up, or what path to take to get there. He had always thought that he would end up doing something great, something to change the world, but here he was just sitting on a rock waiting on a girl who might not really care for him at all.
But for the time being, he could lose himself in the Medoran summer. The gods-if they even existed¾were at least willing to let him have a few moments in the sun before they kicked his legs out from under him again, granting him a little peace to dull his overwhelming sorrows for a while. He closed his eyes and smiled, not at some happy thought, but at the absurdity of his life.
"Excuse me, sir?"
Rommus jumped and shook his head at himself for not being alert enough to fend off some would-be attacker. He looked to his right where the voice had come from, and his breath caught in his throat. Beside him stood a woman of such stunning beauty that he was unable to remember even his name. He hoped she wasn't in a hurry to ask what it was.
"Sorry, I must have dozed off. Can I help you?"
"I hope so. I am on my way to Brinn. Is that it up there?" She was pointing at the shining city up the road, but he couldn't take his eyes from her face, her deep blue eyes, her long blonde hair. Her sharp jaw line caught the sunlight in such a way that it made him unable to think straight.
After an uncomfortable silence, she asked "Have you never spoken to a woman before?" adding a smile to tease him a little.
"Of course I have." He shook his head again and scratched at his arm that didn't even itch. "Yes that's Brinn."
"Beautiful, huh?" She was still smiling and he caught her sarcasm.
"You mean the city? Yes it is beautiful. Almost every block is pure white marble you know. But that road is a dangerous place for a lady to be walking alone. Would you like me to take you there?"
"No, thank you," she said as she waved her hand dismissively. "I think I can manage."
He could see she carried a small dagger at her belt so maybe she wasn't as defenseless as some other women. He sat there, not knowing what to say next, not wanting to sound like some fool.
"You aren't from around here I guess?" He caught himself too late; even a fool would know that anyone from Medora would know Brinn if they saw it.
"No, I am from Vindyrion. My name is Alana Irith. I don't mean to be rude but I am in a bit of a hurry and I can't stay here and chat with handsome men all day."
With the smile never leaving her face, she turned and was off to Brinn. He watched her walk into the distance with a swaying grace that was so captivating that he forgot everything else; even the salty sea breeze and the trees dancing to its quiet song.
He felt a small stab of guilt as he remembered Mirra. Mirra was beautiful, but this Vindyri made her seem so plain. He wondered what this Alana was like. He wondered if she would show up when she was supposed to meet someone at a certain rock by a certain sea. The hot rains of irritation fell within him as he shook his head. She had done this to him so many times. He felt as if she cared less for him with each passing day, and somehow he took up her slack and cared for her more. He turned his face up to the sun once more, took a deep breath, and jumped down off the rock.
He took the road back to Brinn with no exact destination in mind. Mirra deserved to be left there alone at the rock, but he would pass her on the road if she was on her way anyway. He cared so much for her, but she was always so caught up in anything but him. She seemed to need to be persuaded to keep an interest in him, and the game was getting old. Like everything else in his life, things with her looked dismal and unpromising. But regardless of the pains she had put him through, he focused all of his efforts on her. He did so not only because he wanted things to work, but also to take his mind off of the other things that were slowly spiraling into that dark pit in his soul that eventually spat him out into the world of the dead anyway. What did any of it matter?
He walked the rest of the way to Brinn lost in his dreary thoughts, casually picking up rocks and throwing them at the trees as he passed them. He walked slowly in case the Vindyri saw him coming and thought he was following her. The thought of her chased his gloom away for a few sporadic moments, but he always arrived back at that wall in his mind that kept his life stagnant; the fruits of his labors not sweet but rotting. Why couldn't those fruits ferment into wine? Not that he cared for the drink anyway, but the symbolism moved him.
While bending over for another rock, he missed the man stepping into the road in front of him. He was several paces ahead, but he clearly made himself visible and also made it clear that he would not allow Rommus to pass. Rommus tossed the rock aside. A cold feeling of panic welled up in his stomach. Most men would call it fear, but Rommus actually welcomed the feeling. He felt powerful when he could call upon that feeling and do damage to others who deserved it.
The man said nothing from under his black hooded cloak, but stood his ground.
Rommus decided to break the silence if this man refused to. "I thought only Mages wore black, but you wear the boots of a soldier."
"Are you of the bloodline Tirinius?" the man asked in a deep, raspy voice.
"What of it? And just who are you?"
Instead of a reply Rommus felt a terrible pain on the top of his skull; a pain so sharp that he thought he could taste it. Before he realized it, he was on the ground. He could see the feet of the man behind him who had apparently hit him with the pommel of his sword.
"He is not to be harmed!" the first man yelled in his deep voice.
Rommus looked up to see the second man wiping his forearm across his mouth like some animal wiping blood from its jaws after a kill. Confused, he staggered to his feet. Being on the ground was a disadvantage, and he was already outnumbered. He looked the first man in the eyes and saw them dart over his shoulder. He quickly turned and caught the other man by the wrist as he closed in with his attack. Rommus threw him into his cohort using his own momentum causing both men to stumble and fall.
"If you know my name, then you know the Emperor and my father will have you put to death for this! Leave now before you have more trouble than you can handle."
The men got to their feet with their swords drawn. These were Medoran swords, held by Medoran soldiers. This wasn't making sense. One of the men lunged and thrust his weapon at Rommus's middle. He jumped back and struck the man's hand when he was off balance, causing him to drop his sword. Rommus quickly stepped on it as the man tried to pick it up by the blade, cutting his fingers badly. The man screamed. Rommus punched the man while he was bent over, sending him rolling off the side of the road.
The other man came charging in too fast for Rommus to pick up the sword himself. He remembered the man saying that no harm was to come to him, so he wasn't as worried about getting stabbed as he might have been otherwise. He fell to the side as the man came at him, tripping him up and causing him to fall again. When the man tried to get up, Rommus brought down a powerful blow to the man's nose. Finally Rommus picked up the sword and placed the point quite roughly under his chin.
"Who sent you? Who are you?" he asked as he checked the position of the man on the side of the road. "Don't you know I was a Captain? I should kill you for this. Now answer me!"
The man just glared in silence, blood running down over his mouth and dripping from his chin. Rommus made the mistake of focusing on this man and the other man came at him again. But to his surprise, as he jumped back, both men seemed to lose their nerve and ran away; kicking pebbles up behind them as they ran like scolded children.
Rommus let them go. He didn't want to have to explain two dead men to his father or the Emperor. He knew that the rest of Medora would think him a murderer and since he was Rommus Tirinius, he could get away with it. He would tell his father, but he would let these men go.
He watched them go a long way before he continued on his way to Brinn. He reached up and felt where he was hit with the sword and he felt blood. He reprimanded himself for not being more alert. He wondered about this whole incident as he walked, but he couldn't make sense of it. Those two men wore black cloaks, but they were soldiers. He supposed there was no law that Mages couldn't be soldiers, and truthfully, no one knew much about them. Perhaps they weren't soldiers at all, since they seemed too clumsy to have had any real training. Not only that, but they also ran away. What kind of soldier of Medora, the most powerful nation in the world, runs away? And why would they risk harming him when they knew who he was? 
He arrived at the Temple of the Gods at the edge of the city just as the mists of dusk began to fall upon the land. He looked up in awe of the gigantic building just like he did every time he passed it since he was a little boy. The great marble columns were so thick that not even ten men could reach around them and touch hands. This building was the tallest in the city, but it was at its lowest point, so the great capital of Medora seemed to loom over it as it rose slowly up onto the mountains.
"It's the same as it was the last time you saw it," came a voice behind him.
"Pirius, where have you been? I came to the Emperor's Hall hours ago and your servants told me you were missing."
"Yes I have been here, watching Ehlom carve the new statues for the temple. They are much better than the ones before. You can see muscles and bones, little folds of skin and fat. They look so real. It's like the things might step off their pedestals and take over the city. The clanging of hammer on chisel is rather annoying though."
"Ehlom Nagelic is here in Brinn? He's the one who painted all the frescoes at the Temple of Arius if I remember right. I thought he never let anyone see him working. Isn't that what all these giant curtains are for?"
"Yes," said Pirius as he ran his hand over one of the red curtains, "but do you think he'd say no to the son of the Emperor?"
Rommus laughed. "He might be afraid of your brother, but not you Pirius."
Pirius smiled and clasped his hands behind his back. "By the way, what happened to your head?"
"Oh, I was attacked on the road here. I can't make any sense of it, but I'll see if my father has any ideas."
"Attacked?" Pirius's eyebrows knotted together in concern. "What do you mean attacked? By who?"
"Never mind all that. I'm fine. I was a soldier not so long ago if you remember. Besides I think you'd rather hear the story of the woman I met today."
Pirius laughed. "Rommus you wouldn't go off meeting girls with that Mirra Odera dancing behind your eyes. I can see her in there right now, twirling around and stepping clumsily all over your heart."
Rommus smiled. "So the son of the Emperor thinks he's amusing now. For your information, I didn't 'go off meeting' anyone, she just asked for directions. But she was like no other woman I have ever seen. She was from Vindyrion. You would have loved her." 
Pirius paused and listened to Ehlom's banging coming from behind the curtain, twisting his face in annoyance with the sound. "I have had my share of Vindyri women, and they are all crazy, let me tell you. Come, let's go in and look at these statues so that Ehlom will stop all that racket."
Pirius lifted one of the heavy curtains aside and the tapping of metal on metal grew even louder and pierced the air almost painfully. Inside the temple was a colossal mess of marble chips and blocks of all sizes, all covered with a thick layer of white dust. Footprints in the fine powder reminded Rommus of the frozen snows of winter. He was amazed that the artist was allowed to create such a mess inside this most sacred of Medoran temples. The only things the dust didn't seem to cling to were the tall columns inside the temple, made of polished red stone, and capped with golden capitals. Everything else, including all the other gold accents, was a filthy, grimy disaster.
"What have I told you, hundreds of times?" Ehlom shouted as his chiseling ceased. "Get out of here!"
Rommus raised his eyebrows and smiled at Pirius. "End the clanging and exchange it for yelling, huh?"
"I told you no one else can come in here with you. Go away!" he yelled again as he threw his chisel in their direction.
Rommus forgot all about the chisel when he looked up at the enormous statue Ehlom was working on. The massive form was obviously far from complete, but he could see the elaborate scrollwork on the armor of the figure as it struggled to free itself from the stone. The striking posture seemed impossible, even intimidating. It was almost alive; it was like nothing he had ever seen before.
"That's Arius, god of war," Rommus managed to say, dumbfounded. 
 "So the brute knows his gods," Ehlom mocked as his bony frame shook with rage, "Why don't you go to some other temple and pray to him. This one is off limits." The man turned from them and ran his hand over his dusty giant, checking for flaws.
"It's so much bigger than I thought it would be. It must be the height of three men. Is that Oderion?" he asked as he pointed at the bearded figure in the center of the room. "And that one Inshae?"
"Again the boy gets a prize for his knowledge of the gods," said Ehlom as he patted the marble dust from his long black beard. "Perhaps you'd like to take your prize home right now." He picked up a large marble chip and made ready to throw it at his audience.
"Where are the other gods of light? Why didn't you do all three first?"
Ehlom stopped and stared at Rommus. "Because I don't want to offend the gods of darkness. I carved Oderion first because he created us and all the other gods, then Inshae, god of death, and head of the Dark Three. Then Arius, a god of light. I will do them in that pattern so that I do not offend any of the seven gods. Now if you don't mind!"
He pointed to the curtain, meaning for them to go. Rommus turned to see Pirius peering out into the blue dusk. A large marble chip hit the curtain with a dull thud and clattered to the floor. Pirius ignored it and left the temple with urgency. Rommus followed.
Outside soldiers were running in the streets, some barking orders, some pushing men and women aside to get through. Their bright armor shone a light blue in the failing light. Their crimson capes unfurled behind them as they all ran toward the center of the city. One spotted Pirius and ordered his men to guard him.
"What is happening?" Pirius said with a seriousness rarely witnessed. "Where is everyone going?"
One of the soldiers glanced at Rommus, then back to Pirius. "There is an assassin in the city. General Tirinius has been stabbed."
Rommus felt another cold panic in his stomach, but this time, it was not a welcome feeling.



Chapter 3

Two guards threw open the doors inside the Emperor's Hall with a thunderous boom. Rommus and Pirius ran inside, both out of breath from the long run into the heart of the city. The doors closed behind them and the room was quiet and dim. This was one of the less decorated rooms of the Hall, but still fit for any Nobleman or Ambassador who might be visiting. One wall was decorated with a large fresco of the first war with Vindyrion, some 500 years earlier.  Heavy red curtains brightened up the rather plain, white marble walls, which only offered a few black and gray veins for decoration of their own. Rommus looked to see his father sitting in an ornate chair holding a cup loosely in one hand, with a servant on her knees sopping up blood from the wound in his stomach. The Emperor Piro Tecadelion stood silently at the window looking west into the feathery purple and gold remnants of the sunset.
"Father! Are you all right?" Rommus asked.
"Quiet boy, I'm fine," he said as he took a drink.
Tannis Tirinius was not a man that showed emotion, let alone pain. He made no movement as the servant dug deep into his wound to clean it. He was much larger than any normal man and nearly a head taller as well.  He had just turned 50 years old, but his hair was still black as pitch, and he had no wrinkles to speak of, being that he was not the kind of man to crease his features with any smile. He was a good man, even a happy man, but his duty to his nation and his Legions kept him as hard as the armor of Arius. Tannis never wore any armor himself--except occasionally a black helmet which was given to him by his father. Instead he tempted his enemies by wearing plain clothing of all black. This made him stand out and appear all the more menacing, as black was not at all popular in Medora where they preferred whites, reds, blues and purples. The Medorans didn't like black because it was the color of the Vindyri armor, which bore a straight-winged silver eagle across the chest. Tannis bore only scars on his chest, reminding him of past battles. He had only one on his face, which was rather small, above his left eye. As he sat there shirtless, Rommus could see all the scars that he'd forgotten. 
"Father I was attacked as well, on the road here from the cliffs not two hours ago."
"Have you been hurt?"
"No I'm fine. I took a hit to the head, but nothing serious; although I was nearly stabbed as well. They knew my name. I was asked if I was of the Tirinius bloodline. Did they ask you that too?"
Tannis had a puzzled look on his face. Smiles were rare, puzzled looks could be counted on one hand.
"No, nothing about a bloodline, but I was asked my name. I suppose that's pretty much the same thing."
Pirius cut in. "Two attempts on the only two known people in Medora named Tirinius in one day. Sounds pretty strange to me. Emperor, why don't you come away from the window where an arrow might reach you?"
Piro ignored his son and placed his hands on the marble railing as he stared into the coming dark. Rommus could see that the man was starting to show his age. He walked a little slower, he had lost a lot of his weight, and his hair was now mostly gray, with only hints of its former dark color. Many years ago, he was a strong man with a great history of victories in wars with Vindyrion and Bhoor-Rahn. Because of him, an alliance was formed¾albeit an uneasy one¾with the Vindyri, and since Vindyrion stood between Medora and Bhoor-Rahn, peace had held on the eastern front for almost 20 years. Emperor Piro Tecadelion was a man loved by his people. He was honest and fair and ensured that the people of Medora remained prosperous and safe.
Rommus took his eyes from the Emperor and turned back to his father. He didn't want to ask how the assassin got away without getting his neck snapped by his father or introduced to a cold sword by a quick and ready guard. He assumed that the person sent to kill his father was much more skilled than the two fools he encountered on the road. He was certain he saw them travel far away from Brinn before he started toward the city, so there was no way that it was one of them who stabbed his father. But what was going on? How did these men know he would be there on the road, and why were they trying to kill his father but only capture him?
His forehead knotted as he tried to think of any enemies he might have. His father probably had countless people who hated him; from soldiers who thought he was too harsh, to anyone who stood before the steel jaws of his Legions. Rommus himself didn't make any effort to offend people, so his list of enemies was short. Nevertheless, there was obviously some connection between the attempts, and at least one reason that someone wanted him and his father dead.
Pirius was occupying himself by arranging some coins on a table into different patterns with one hand, and squeezing his round, dimpled cheeks in mock thought with the other. Women from all over adored his dimples; or at least they claimed to. It was more likely that they adored his family fortune and told themselves it was his babyish looks that charmed them. Whatever the truth was, he had no problem getting the attention of females. He looked up when Rommus came up beside him.
"What do you make of this? Any thoughts?" Rommus said, picking up one of the coins and idly tapping it on the table.
Pirius smiled with one side of his mouth. "I thought you were supposed to be the smart one." 
"Come on, I know you have to have some comment on all of this. What do you think is happening?"
"I haven't the slightest idea. If I were an assassin, I would try to kill the Emperor, not the General of an army. Both men are almost impossible to get to, but if you kill the Emperor, the empire might fall, if you kill a General, the empire still stands, but you might just anger the army enough to start a war."
"There might be something to that. Maybe someone does want a war. But what country is crazy enough to tempt us to that? And how does my attack fit in? I don't think the army would want to go to war if I were murdered. Most people don't care if I am alive or dead."
"Now Rommus, enough of that dark talk." Pirius said as he went back to playing with the coins. Pirius avoided most serious talk unless it was serious talk about women.
"I'm serious. My father is an important person. Why would they want me alive and him dead? Some kind of ransom maybe?"
Pirius shrugged. "Maybe, but there are easier people to kidnap I'd think."
Rommus thought for a while and the room remained silent except for the clicking of coins on the table. Finally Piro, still staring to the west, spoke slowly, softly:
"Chapter of change, these pages better left to burn. I have seen it coming for years, and I could not stop it. My nation rots from within like some carcass in the sun. Its bones still red with the memory of life, but soon picked clean by the beasts that hide in our own shadows. Many among us hear in their roars only a lovely melody, their silver words in golden song. They have fed the people their poison telling them it is nothing but sweet wine. Now a new order comes. Now a great enemy raises its head from the waters, and this enemy the Legions cannot touch, for it is made up of all those who support them like the columns that support this great city."
He turned to face them in the room with tears beginning to wet his eyes. "Once their evil takes root, we will hear the screams of all those in this world, all in key with the final song. This enemy struck us today, here, at the heart of the army itself. My General, my friend, they are coming for us all."
The words affected everyone. The servant was weeping as quietly as she could manage while she began to sew Tannis's wound shut. The rest of them just stared at the Emperor for a moment before he turned back to the window. 
"No enemy can escape the sword, no matter how ghostly he seems," Tannis said after he took another sip. "Men are responsible for actions taken to move the pieces into play. We must simply find the men and kill them. Rebellion over."
"With all due respect sir, that is a warrior's point of view. Not Everyone in Medora wants blood in the streets, not Medoran blood anyway," Pirius stated as carefully as he could.
"That's the problem. Everyone is so caught up in everything else. By the time you decide to act, your enemy has slit your throat and taken your women and your gold. Nations are not kept free by avoiding war. War is what has won you your freedoms. Peace is born through bloodshed, and then maintained through threat of war if any nation should try to come and end it." He repositioned himself more comfortably in his chair. "That is why Arius is a god of light and not a god of darkness."
"Let's not bring the gods into this," Rommus said. "Like you said, man is responsible for moving the pieces. I have a hard enough time understanding how man has enough power to do the things we do, let alone how seven suspiciously silent and invisible beings can magically influence events."
"You are free to believe what you wish, my son, but I have seen the Columns of Inshae myself."
"And the bridge into the Land of the Gods? Was it there as well?"
Tannis repositioned himself again. He waited a long moment before answering. "No. I saw no bridge. But the columns of the temple that once stood there are too large to have been made by man. They are solid rock, carved right from a mountain that once stood in their place. They make the columns here in Brinn look like children made them. Most of the temple has fallen, some into a giant pile behind the columns, and some into the chasm the bridge once spanned. There is no way to cross there, and there is no way to build a bridge that long. The gods are the only ones who could have done it, and that is where the gods cross into this world to walk among us. When you see it, you cannot deny it."
Rommus was always slightly irritated with people who believed in the gods so blindly. They offer only wispy shadows of evidence, but see it as being solid as a rock. In this case, the evidence really was rocks. Rommus could not imagine any columns of any size convincing him that the gods were over there on the other side, playing their little games with nothing less than humans as pieces on the game board. He knew better than to argue though. He grew tired of stating his opinions on the gods long ago. For that matter, he rarely gave his opinion on anything anymore because he learned that people are unwilling to accept ideas that are not their own. There was no sense in giving people another reason to dislike him. He decided to change the subject.
"The men who attacked me looked to be soldiers, but they wore black cloaks like the Mages do." He realized that changing the subject to Mages wasn't really changing it at all since the Mages were the ones who claimed to speak to the gods and demonstrate their power in this world. He hoped no one would notice.
"Soldiers in black. Sounds like they got the idea from me," Tannis said with a bit of pride. "Were they Medoran?"
"Well they had Medoran swords and boots, but they wore hoods so I couldn't see if they had our dark hair or not. But I didn't recognize them, and they had to ask who I was, so maybe they were imposters from Vindyrion or even beyond."
"How many did you say there were? And is there anything that stood out about them?"
"There were two. One came from the front and one from behind. One had a deep voice and said I wasn't to be harmed." He thought a moment as he stroked his chin and looked up at the colorful war painting on the wall. "Oh, and they were clumsy. They seemed to lack any sort of rigid training or discipline. They acted more like thugs than soldiers."
"And you're sure they were Mages?" his father asked.
"I am not sure of anything. All the soldiers I know avoid Mages at all cost. I can't imagine any of them wanting to actually become one. All I know is that two men attacked me and ran off when they failed in their attempt." 
"I see," said Tannis as the servant cut the last of the thread from his stitches and got up to mix herbs to place on the wound. Tannis swirled his drink absently as he thought on the matter. He stared at the floor as if waiting for it to tell him who these people were and what the true meaning was for the day's odd events. Maybe he sat there waiting for one of the gods to come whisper the answers to him. Either way, the floor and the gods were silent in Rommus's ears.
Pirius, who had gone to see what was so special about this window his father stood by, turned to Tannis. "Were these the same men who attacked you General Tirinius?"
"No. This assassin was alone, and wore no cloak," He paused to drink from his cup. "Probably from Vindyrion since she had long blonde hair."
The whole room stood shocked.




Chapter 4

Alana crouched alone in the darkness. She had completed her mission and killed Tannis Tirinius, although she realized now that the feeling it left behind made her rather uncomfortable. Tears had even stung her eyes a few times thinking about it. She had never expected to be able to escape, but the gods must have been smiling upon her on this glorious day. Perhaps glorious wasn't the best word for this occasion since she sat rather uncomfortably in wet horse feed in an unoccupied stable somewhere in the city of Brinn. While avoiding her pursuers, she could only think to hide there in the piles of apparently discarded wet feed. The smell was heavy and overpowering, and made her feel as if she couldn't get a full breath.
She had been sitting there silently since just after sunset. There was no telling how late it was, but she assumed she had been waiting there about three hours. When she began her mission, she felt she was ready to die in the attempt, but now with death out there at the tip of every Medoran sword, she wasn't so sure she was ready to go to the gods.
No army could walk right into Brinn and kill the General, but she knew that a lone person had a chance. No one would suspect her of such a thing. Times had changed in Medora in the years since the alliance. Ten years ago they probably would not have allowed a Vindyri anywhere near a city, and certainly not the capital. Of course, that was what she was told. This was her first time in Medora, and she didn't know anyone who had come this far west. Alana didn't put much faith in peoples' word. So far, the people she met were very well-mannered and polite, not the brutes she had always heard that they were.
The cities were amazing too. Things were well-built in Vindyrion, but everything there was much more plain and practical. The stones used for buildings were not polished marble, but drab-colored stones, cut neatly, but lacking the level of elegance or ornate design found in Medora. Even the capital, Burnhamheade, didn't compare to the smallest of Medoran cities. Gold was used as currency, but here they decorated with it, somehow covering parts of buildings and even weapons with the yellow metal. She was amazed at the wealth she could see sparkling in every corner of this nation. It was like the stars were made of diamonds, and each morning they fell into the shimmering sea, just to please these people. She wondered how it all was possible.
Of course, such opulence is easily forgotten sitting in a giant pile of rotting grain. She wanted to leave the wretched place, but she knew that out there in the streets thousands of bloodthirsty soldiers roamed around looking for a female with long blonde hair. How they had not thought to look in this stable was beyond her. She picked at the hem of her shirt as she sat there, frustrated that she didn't think to plan an escape, or at least bring some kind of disguise.
She gulped a thick mouthful of air as an idea shot into her head. It wasn't a great idea, but she had come up with nothing else in the past few hours. She stood up, careful not to make a sound, and looked around the stable. She didn't yet know exactly what she was looking for, but she would have to find something. She walked slowly out from the stall with all the grain and peered around the corner. It was dark, but the moon was full and enough of the light came in from the open tops of the walls to navigate somewhat safely. She assumed the walls were built that way to vent the smell of the horses, but if that was the designer's intent, it wasn't working very well. She gently shooed a fly away from her face as she searched the place for some kind of cloth. After searching a while in the darkness, she came across a few burlap bags filled with grain. She wrinkled her nose at the idea of having to use burlap, but she was low on resources and wanted to get out of the city. She pulled her dagger free and knelt down to the bags, cutting one open and then dumping the grain on the floor. She presumed the bag was large enough, but either way there were no other options. She cut two holes that were supposed to look like circles into the burlap, and then started to take off her shirt.
She froze when she heard a noise. It was a thumping, rumbling sound, not like the rolling of carts or voices she had been hearing all evening. She had no idea what it was, but she held her breath to see if she could hear it again. Her fear faded some when she heard nothing but the light breeze outside. She took off her shirt and gently wiped off the wet muck that had once been grain. She bent down and picked up her burlap creation, made a few adjustments, and slid her arms through the jagged holes. Her new shirt didn't fit well; it had no way of holding itself closed, but worst of all, it made her itch like crazy.
She took her shirt¾which was dark blue, but she hoped in the darkness would pass for black¾and wrapped it around her head, hiding her blonde hair inside. She tried her best to tuck and tie parts so that it would stay on her head. This blue shirt would have to pass for the dark hair of the Medorans, and it was a fairly poor imitation. It would have been easier just to cover her head with the burlap, but the burlap was a light color and would not pass for dark hair at all. And in all her travels here in Medora, she had not once seen any women with any kind of covering over their heads. She decided this was the only practical solution.
Coming to the doors, she peered through the slit that cast a sharp blue line of moonlight across the straw-covered floor. Although it was hard to see much, the coast was clear as far as she could tell. She again held her breath and waited to hear any kind of noise. After waiting long enough to muster up her courage, she gently pushed open one of the heavy wooden doors.
She was amazed at what she saw. For a moment she forgot about her troubles as she stared in awe at yet another astonishing Medoran feat. Above the roofs of the buildings on the street, rising up onto the mountains, stood several temples, each glowing a bright orange as if touched by the setting sun in the middle of the night, unwilling to concede defeat to the darkness. She marveled at the sight and felt at that moment to be very small in the world; a world where the great Medoran empire shined brightly above everything else.
As she stared at the buildings and wondered how this glow was accomplished, she heard the rumbling sound again. Panic took her breath as she ducked into the shadows. The sound came from around a corner, not far from where she stood. Since any soldier would have probably killed her by now if they knew where she was, she decided to check on the noise. She kept to the shadows and slowly walked to the end of the street. When she looked around the corner, she saw three young men, not soldiers, in front of a building. There appeared to be a low wall around the building, and she determined that there was a shallow pit that the wall encircled. The men were dumping and stacking wood inside this pit, and suddenly she realized how the temples on the hill were lit. They could light these pits of wood to create the orange glow, although the cost of keeping these fires burning must be astronomical. She wondered how they kept the smoke from ruining the illusion, but she wasn't going to go over and ask them how their clever trick worked.
Deciding that it was foolish to stand there, especially when these men were probably about to light a bright fire, she took one last look at the majestic temples in the sky and started her departure from Brinn. She knew from the temples rising up on the mountains in front of her that she needed to turn around and head south to leave the same way she came in. She walked to the right and turned right at the first corner she reached. She could see in the distance the large temple at the southern entrance to the city. That was probably the temple with the red curtains she saw earlier in the day. She adjusted her burlap shirt, holding it tightly closed, and headed in that direction.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Uritus watched the woman in the street for a moment while he buttoned his shirt. He knew that even if she looked up she would not see him there in the dark window. He took a deep breath of the night air and let it out slowly. Watching this woman walk away with her long dark hair made him remember a dozen women just like her, if lacking a certain grace that this one had. Times were different now. When he was younger, the mere fact that he was the eldest son of the Emperor would have any woman in the empire jumping at any chance to please him. He realized that this was still true, but he himself had changed. He of course had desires, just like any man, but over his lifetime he had honed himself into a great weapon. He understood that he was the next in line to rule Medora, and in the past few years he had devoted himself almost totally to preparing for his coming reign. While not many knew his agenda or his beliefs, he was a man dedicated to his cause.
His father and the countless fathers before him had all been so foolish. They were like children handed an expensive and lavishly decorated sword; either too weak to wield it properly, or too stupid to know how to keep it shining and in one piece. The sword he would be handed was dinged, damaged and dull, even though it still seemed bright and beautiful to those who did not know any better.
He rolled his shoulders as if shaking off the coming responsibility. It was going to be easy for him to fix the empire anyway, if everything went according to plan. But his plan could easily turn to dust because of its enormity. This wasn't as simple as going to war and taking land, or bartering a deal with a neighboring country. This was a grand plan, one that ensured he would be remembered as the greatest ruler of all time. His soul swelled with joy as he thought about the victory he envisioned. He just had to be careful and do everything according to plan.
He went over to a table in the dark room to light a candle. He didn't care for candles. The gods made the night dark, and he felt as if he was showing them disrespect by cutting a hole in that darkness with man-made light. Of course, he didn't have the same feeling about finding shelter from the daylight. It was the darkness, the blackness, the silent weight of the night that he revered. For him the night seemed like it went on forever, like the world only existed right there around him, and beyond there was nothing but infinite blackness. A smile spread across his face.
"Uritus, can't you stay a little longer?" came a voice from the bed in the center of the room. The room lit with a pale glow as the candle struggled against the blackness. His smile was soured by a slight sneer as he saw the little flame dancing triumphantly.
"No my dear. I have seen soldiers moving in the city all evening, and my father has no idea where I am. He worries for me, I'm sure, and I must return to the Emperor's Hall. I would stay the night, but I fear there is trouble in the city."
He did not face her but he saw her reflection in the mirror before him. She sat in the bed, wrapped in a white satin sheet hugging her knees. Her pleading look turned to sadness as she realized he was not going to stay. She looked down at her feet sticking out from her sheet.
"I am a busy man, you know. I have important things to do before I become Emperor."
She always lit up with a smile when she was reminded of his coming glory. She had always wanted to be with someone who was powerful, and she used her looks to seduce men ever since she discovered the talent. Uritus didn't fall for it though. Yes, he was moved by her looks and her charm, and he even cared for her, but if she was expecting to share his coming power, she was sadly mistaken. She was probably too simpleminded to truly understand power anyway, but she would be happy enough just to be the wife of the Emperor. She would play an important role though, since the people would probably feel better with a female figurehead. There had not been a maternal figure for the people of Medora since his mother died when his younger brother was born. He was six years old, but he could not remember much about her.
"Uritus, I don't want you to go. I don't want to be alone. You have stayed before, you can stay again tonight. Please Uri?"
He finally turned to face her. She had hooked her long, straight black hair behind her ears like she always did when she was trying to be cute. She probably learned the little trick using it on one of the other men in her past. When he said nothing, she crossed her arms over her knees and rested her chin on them, like a child might do when a parent says no. She stared out the window at the fiery temples on the mountain.
"I understand if you don't want to stay," she said softly.
"Mirra, you know I want to stay. But I have a duty to the people. I'll be back soon, maybe even tomorrow."
"Tomorrow is no good. I'm sure Rommus will want me to meet him by the cliffs. I remembered too late that I was supposed to go there today, and you know how he is."
It didn't bother him that she had not ended her relationship with Rommus. If it were anyone else, it would have, but this was different. She claimed that she couldn't bring herself to hurt him. Uritus didn't care what the truth was. He let things play out naturally just to see what plan the gods had in store. He smiled as he thought about how maybe this time it was him who had a plan for the gods.
She mistook his smile as a message to her. "You smile as if you want me to go see him. Do you?"
Her eyebrows rose almost as if she was worried. He didn't answer and instead went back to the window. She reorganized her satin sheets around her as she tried to think of something piercing and clever to say to him. Nothing came to her mind.
Uritus looked out over his city. Things were going to change, and the tide was coming soon. So far everything was going as planned, and he prayed to Inshae that this whole thing would work. But he didn't have to pray anymore. Inshae knew his plan, he was sure of it. He decided he had better leave before it got too late. He was lying about a duty to his people, but he couldn't very well tell her what he was going to do. He turned and walked to the corner where he had placed his things, and began to gather them.
"You're just going to leave like that?" Mirra asked.
He knew that treating her this way kept her interested in him. All the other men before him probably did whatever she asked as soon as she asked it of them. It was probably boring to her, so he ignored her half the time. It was easier than explaining his every move anyway.
He picked up a large sack and a long wooden box and threw the sack over his shoulder. He closed her bedroom door behind him so that he would hear her open it if she tried to follow him. He couldn't let her see what he was going to do. He navigated his way through the dark house through memory alone. These houses were pretty much the same anyway, each connected to the next all the way down the street. He hurried down the marble stairs and paused to listen when he came to the front door. He heard no door opening upstairs, so he opened his sack and removed a large black robe hemmed with red satin. He threw it over his head quickly since he knew it would be hard to hear Mirra's door with all the fabric rustling past his ears. He tossed the empty sack on the floor, knowing that she would find it and consider it some sort of mysterious gift of love. He shook his head at her childish ways, but with a smile on his face. Picking up his long wooden box, he opened the door and stepped out into the night.
Being a Mage brought its own heavy responsibilities. A Mage was never to reveal his true identity, and that proved to be very difficult. For years the Mages cultivated the idea that they could speak to the gods and even use magic, but once one enters the sect, he finds it to all be lies. That was until he discovered the book.
The Book of Oderion. The true book, not the one written by the Mages hundreds of years ago to replace the original they had lost. The high-ranking Mages kept the contents of the true book so secret that almost none of them knew what was in it, and so when it was rewritten, most of it was made up. Uritus understood why the original was so well-protected; it held the secret to unravel everything and rebuild the world as he saw fit. It also told him where to find the particular artifact he kept inside the plain wooden box so as not to draw attention to it. It was deserving of a much grander case, of solid gold and studded with jewels, for this item was much more valuable than all of the riches in Medora combined.
He made his way to the next street and turned right toward the Temple of Inshae. He passed a few guards, but they saw he was a Mage and let him pass without hindrance. What fools they were. Superstition made them fear the Mages, who were harmless, but any dangerous person could wear a black cloak or robe in this city and go wherever he chose, free to commit almost any crime. All this because people feared the Mages and their pretend powers. He laughed at their lack of intelligence and reason, and at their trust in the Mages they so feared. He figured that the personal guards of the Emperor would not be afraid to kill a Mage, but just about every other soldier backed off.
The marble city was blue in the full moon light. It was getting late enough that most of the city's windows were dark, but the temples on the mountain still ruined the perfect darkness. When he became Emperor, he would swiftly put a stop to that ridiculous tradition. He made his way up the cobblestone street and found himself at the temple steps much sooner than he thought he would. He walked up the steps and entered the massive structure.
Inside it was dark, but large openings in the roof let in the moonlight. The clever architects kept most of the rain from entering the temples by using mirrors to bounce the light in at angles, rather than just having the ceiling open to the sky. Most of the temple was made of white marble, but black marble was used for accents. In the center of the floor was a huge circular pattern made of the black marble that somewhat resembled a flower. All the columns inside the temple were black, and topped with capitals covered in pure silver. In fact, silver was used everywhere that the black marble met the white. He wasn't sure of the reason for it, but he assumed it was some old superstition about keeping the dark spirit of Inshae from being able to enter the precious white city of Brinn from this temple. He laughed to himself at the people who must have built this temple, knowing nothing of the truth.
He crossed the floor and came to an altar at the back of the huge open room. Above him stood a towering statue of Inshae himself, with moonlight falling on his hood and shoulders. The imposing black figure seemed to suck all sound from the room, leaving nothing but a heavy silence. He thought about how difficult it must have been to carve an accurate statue of a god who in reality appears to be made of nothing more than dust and mist. He looked up at the statue, staring down at him with his empty eye sockets, his skull face devoid of a mouth, and heavy robes cascading to the floor. Inshae was said to be unable to speak, but he was able to whisper directly into one's mind. He bowed his head reverently and felt behind the altar, finding the round carving of a flower he was looking for. He pressed at the center and it slid into the back of the altar. The floor shook as the flower pattern in the center of the room began to slowly fall away into the floor, creating a circular staircase of black marble. An orange glow appeared from below and he quickly made his way down the steps before the mechanism reset itself.
Down below there was no white marble at all. Everything was as black as death, with the exception of the torches burning on the walls of the large circular room. Many hooded men stood in a circle awaiting his arrival. Some had purple satin accents on their robes, some blue, and some had no accents at all. The colors were meant to signal the rank of the Mage, and since names where seldom used, they called each other by rank, or sometimes simply "brother". But their identities were no secret to each other. The omission of names was simply a formality.
As the stairs grinded back into position, Uritus made his way to the center of the circle where a black altar rose from the floor with its own grinding sound. He placed his wooden box carefully in the center in reverence for the item inside. He felt a warm pride rise inside him. From this night onward, there would be no more skeptics. No one would doubt the power of the Mages or their ability to shape the world. Starting with the men in this room, the whole world was about to change.
"Brethren," Uritus said as he turned from the altar, "this night, we finally control the shifting sands of fate. We have been handed a power that all the Mages before us could only dream of."
He turned as he spoke, looking into the darkness under the hoods of each man, knowing their eyes were intent upon him. "Soon we will not only make it possible for Inshae to truly walk among us, but also control Arius as well. In time we will unlock the secrets to controlling all the gods, and we will pave the path for Inshae to become more powerful than Oderion himself!"
The men all raised an arm, bent at the elbow as a salute to their leader. Cheering was inappropriate in such a sacred room, so a simple salute would have to do.
Uritus approached the altar as he continued. "Capture is no longer necessary. When you see him, kill him."
He slowly opened the box. He knew that when these men saw what was inside, that they would no longer have any sort of doubt. All their blind following would be blind no more.
He reached inside and pulled out the item, glowing gold as it caught the torchlight. The men gasped in awe as the sparkling artifact lit the room. Most of them shrunk back, feeling unworthy to be near it.
This was from the world of the gods.
This was the golden sword of Arius.



Chapter 5

Rommus woke up to the annoying sounds of birds chirping. He shouldn't have been sleeping, but staying up so late the night before had drained him, and he must have fallen asleep while relaxing in his woods. He called them his woods because no one else ever visited them as far as he knew. Most people were content living in the city with all the pretty marble and gold, but he was just as happy to be leaning against a tree and sitting in the lush green grass. The fact that humans built the giant structures in the cities was amazing, but the pristine beauty of nature was equally impressive to him. He smiled to himself as he thought maybe the gods felt like they were in competition with the creations of man.
He wondered for a moment about those jealous gods. If they really were up there in the Land of the Gods, it wasn't likely that they cared much about what the hands of man had built, but he wondered how they viewed mankind in general. If someone was up there pulling the strings, what was the overall intent? Was there an agenda? What reason would the gods have for humans at all, let alone their pathetic little problems and desires?
No matter what answer he got, he was never satisfied. He would have stopped wondering about it years ago, but there was always one thing that gnawed at him, keeping the questions alive. The complication was that if there were no gods, and no being created the world and everything in it, then where did everything come from? Both scenarios left him feeling empty and uncomfortable. Either the strange truths of religion were true, or he was very alone in the world, with no purpose and no hope for a life beyond this one.
Then again, he didn't need the absence of the gods to make him feel that way. He felt as if he were high above the waters of fate, on some slippery bridge made of wood and rope where he could not get a firm hold. Those waters were calm pools when he was younger, but they were now raging torrents of icy ambiguity. He had dreamed of that bridge and the water all throughout his life, and he had recently come to the conclusion that since he couldn't swim, the water represented failure. Nothing frightened Rommus Tirinius, no man or weapon made him hesitate with fear, but he was terribly afraid of that failure. It was intangible. It could not be touched or studied. It was an enemy that offered no soft underbelly to pierce to drive it back or destroy it. It was always there, always lurking, always waiting for its chance to strike again and devour any hope he had left.
He wasn't afraid of dying. He figured if he died, then whatever waited for him on the other side was the unalterable truth, gods or no gods. But he had no map to guide him here in this world. No matter which way he pointed his ship, he was sinking, and nothing he could do would stop the black waves from taking him. He wished desperately for a goal, a shining light to bring him back to the shores. No light ever came.
He made an attempt to clear his mind of his troubling thoughts, but it had proven to be more and more difficult with each passing year. He was a man that people used to look up to, a man who had an answer for everyone. People trusted him and sought his guidance at each crossroads in their lives, from soldiers and neighbors, to strangers and friends. He was happy to help, and he believed he was providing those people with the advice they needed to not only be happy, but to become the architects of their own fate. He had watched many people change for the better, and he was proud of what he had accomplished.
Recently, however, that power had slipped from his tight grip. It was a slow decline, hardly noticed at first, but before he was aware of it, no one came knocking on his door. No one asked for advice, and on the rare occasions it was given, it was met with a sharp and cold retort. He eventually succumbed to his own fate, which was to recede to a dreary and silent world of his own. He had reached out from that world before. He tried to tell them he was sinking, but no one listened. It was probably the fact that while these people no longer respected him or cared for his opinion, they thought he was too strong to be in any position where he himself might need help. Sometimes all he wanted to do was talk to someone and organize his thoughts while he spoke. He might as well tell the wind or the stars. No one heard him.
He did have Mirra and Pirius. Both of them were kind to him for the most part, but neither wanted to hear his troubles. Pirius always busied himself with women, and Mirra was great at avoiding particular subjects. He let her get away with avoiding questions, although he wasn't sure why. Perhaps he was afraid that the truth might sometimes be harder to swallow than a lie. But as much as he doubted her, he still trusted her. She had her quirks, just like he did. Certainly she was off somewhere thinking about how odd he was, and what it would be like when they eventually got married.
Marriage was something she had brought up a few times, but he never did. He was uncomfortable with the idea of placing his happiness totally in the hands of another. The whole idea was absurd as far as he was concerned, but the fact that she cared enough about him to apply her subtle pressures on the matter brought him small flashes of joy in his darkness. He never told her no, but he never told her yes either.
He sniffed at the smells of nature; the grass, the dirt, the fresh air. He watched the dark green leaves of the trees sway slowly in front of the bright blue sky. No cloud ruined the perfection by marring the perfect blue or blotting out the sun. Was this perfection a reminder that things will be better? Or was it a smug slap in the face from the gods telling him that no matter how beautiful things seemed, there was always suffering underneath it all?
He took a deep breath as he watched a flurry of excited insects in the distance. Insects were such a nuisance. He accepted them as a necessary part of nature, but they always seemed to be crawling on him or in his food or stinging him. Maybe the gods thought humans were the same sort of nuisance. 
He froze when he realized that insects don't flutter like that unless they are disturbed. It could be that some animal was moving through the trees, but with the attempts on him and his father, he was not taking a chance. In all his years he had never seen anyone in his woods, but that didn't mean he wasn't followed. He stayed low and moved around to the back of the tree he was sitting under. There wasn't anything better in the immediate area to hide behind so it would have to do. Thankfully he thought to bring a knife this time, and he pulled it from his belt and studied the woods beyond the opening in front of him.
A snap of a twig got his attention. He looked to where the sound came from, but then he quickly looked behind him, making sure that there wasn't another attacker ready to surprise him from the rear. He saw nothing in either direction. He held his breath as he listened, not wanting to miss a sound.
No enemy made himself-or herself- known. He thought briefly about how such a beautiful woman could so coldly try to kill his father, but before he could clearly picture her face, the sound came. It was a low, booming rumble, less like a sound and more like a feeling. It was as if the ground beneath him shuddered with rage. The waves of that anger thundering through him to his very soul.
Suddenly, fear struck him. He had to pause a second to believe what he was feeling. This wasn't a fear one might feel while in battle or before being robbed. This was not a fear for one's life, but for one's soul. He couldn't make sense of it, but he tightened his grip on his knife, determined to stand his ground. He would at least see his enemy before he ran from him.
The rumble changed into a strange howling song. It seemed as if the trees sang the tormented song of the dead, struggling to convey the terror felt in the world beyond. He thought he heard human voices in the cries, but he couldn't be sure. The whole world shook with the terrible and violent sound.
Suddenly the sky turned black as death. The grass and trees were all still lit brightly by the sun, but the sky above looked as dark as a starless night. Terror struck him when he beheld the sight. This was another enemy he could not face. This was something that might steal his soul or worse. He ran.
Pain flashed through him as he hit his head when he tripped. He dropped his knife, and clawed at the dirt to find it as he looked to the blackness above him. The blow to the head must have disoriented him because the sky seemed to churn and boil between the trees. The tormented sound was louder and grew into a piercing shriek that deafened him. He struggled to stand, but a great weight fell upon him, smothering him and crushing him against the ground.
He fought to breathe. The sound had shifted into a sick laughter echoing through the forest. He found it difficult to keep his eyes open, and he wondered if he was about to die. Mirra immediately came to his mind and a sadness came over him. He would never see her again. She would never know what became of him; no one was going to find his body out here. He hoped that she would not feel too much pain when she realized she had lost him. He hoped she could find happiness again.
He felt a strange tingle in his blood; a soft, burning sensation dancing inside him. At first he thought it was death itself, finally coming to free him from the agony, but it somehow calmed him. It soothed his torture, growing stronger against the oppressive horror and feeding him strength. He still felt the overwhelming weight crushing him, but the laughter in the skies had ceased. An angry roar is all he heard from his unseen enemy in the heavens.
He opened his eyes and everything was back to normal. The birds chirped merrily as the sun shone bright again in the clear blue sky. The insects fluttered here and there in search of food or mates. The trees and grasses turned softly in the breeze again. Air rushed into his lungs when he remembered to breathe, filling him with life again. He stood up clumsily, and fell dizzily back to the soft ground. He closed his eyes and relaxed to gather his strength and his wits. When he opened them, he saw his knife that he had dropped. He took hold of it and slid it into its sheath. Sitting up, he shook his head to clear it. He wondered for a moment if he had tripped and hit his head, causing the strange vision he had just experienced. Whatever the truth was, he didn't think staying there was a good idea. He finally stood up, and awkwardly began walking back to Brinn.
Soon he was having trouble remembering the vision at all. He tried to go over it in his head, but pieces seemed to be missing. He assumed it must have been some kind of dream because of the way it was slipping from his mind. Just like a dream, the visions had faded, but a feeling remained. It was a strong emotion, but he could not put a name to it. Eventually he pushed the whole event to the back of his mind as he took in the beauty of his surroundings, strolling lazily back to Brinn.



Chapter 6

Alana awoke with a throbbing headache. She narrowed her eyes at the brightness and tried to determine where she was. In front of her was rough, dull stone, which made her wonder if she was even in Medora anymore. She quickly realized that the stone was actually the floor beneath her, and she was shackled face down into the corner of a room made of solid granite. Her feet were bound as well, as she discovered when she attempted to stand. She looked up to her hands and saw them bruised and bloodied where the harsh metal bit into her flesh. Her hands were only a small problem; her whole body ached, and she didn't know where she was or how she got there. But instead of worrying about things she couldn't change, she wondered why a dungeon would be so brightly lit, and why she was in this odd position on the cold stone floor.
Her head felt as if it was full of hot water, and she couldn't think straight. She was dizzy just lying there, so she was fairly sure she couldn't escape even if she weren't attached so uncomfortably to the floor. She tried to remember how she got there, but she could recall only frustrating, silent blackness. Her eyebrows drew together as she thought about the pain she felt. Since she could do nothing to change her situation, she closed her eyes and tried to fall asleep to forget the pain.
A loud clanging of metal and chains ruined her plan, and she tried to look behind her to see what the noise was. An exploding pain from some forgotten injury shot through her neck as she turned, so she gave up on that plan as well. From the sound, she assumed a guard opened the door to the room, but she couldn't be sure. Boots scuffed the uneven floor and armor clanked and clinked. All signs pointed to a guard in the room, but her skills of deduction brought her no satisfaction in this case.
"Face down. In the corner," a man said with a cold voice.
A loud slap informed her that someone had been thrown roughly to the unforgiving floor. More clinking of metal meant that the person was being shackled to the floor just as she was. She breathed in a deep breath and let it out slowly. She felt a sorrow in her heart for the person in the other corner, knowing that they probably felt all the pains she was feeling, and that they suffered the same eventual fate. The worst part was not having any idea what that fate was.
After a moment she heard sobbing. It came not from the corner with her new cellmate, but from another corner to her left. She did her best to ignore her pain and turned her head to the sound. A woman lay facedown there as well, and suddenly, some memories returned. This woman had blonde hair. This was Medora. The person behind her probably had blonde hair as well, and a hot wave of panic came over her. She had just killed the General of the Medoran Legions, and she was captured with no chance of escape. The other Vindyri in this room were probably innocent of any crime, and only there because they matched her description. Tears escaped her eyes before she could close them. She began to sob herself, not at her own pain, but at the pain she had caused these innocent people.
Her neck snapped upwards abruptly as a guard painfully pulled her hair. She had forgotten the guard was even there, but she was well aware of it now. He stepped on her hands painfully as another guard approached and clasped another set of shackles to her wrists, and then her feet. The ones chained to the floor were unlocked, and suddenly she found herself hauled to her feet. The pain made her body quake.
The first guard had not let go of her hair, and he lead her by it with his strong fist out the open doorway, dragging her backwards rather unceremoniously. The second guard locked the door as all three of them exited. She did the best she could to walk forwards to maintain an ounce of dignity, but the guard was not making it easy. They followed the narrow halls past other cells until they came to a very large, circular room. He let go of her hair a moment while he fumbled with a set of keys. She noticed that none of the walls or floors were marble, but all rough, tan stone. Everything was bare, with no decorations whatsoever. The only thing that stood out about this place was the circular room, which for some reason, was open to the sky in parts, allowing the warm sun to reach the floor. She only stared for a second before the guard had unlocked another door nearby and grabbed her painfully by the hair again, dragging her inside the small room.
He threw her to the floor where she banged her knees, elbows and chin. She saw blood on the floor where her face had met the unfriendly stone, and saw a few more drops fall before the guard clamped her leg irons to a ring on the floor. Her heart sank as she wondered how long she would be fastened there.
She waited to have her hands restrained as well, but instead the guard pulled his signature head-jerking move again. She winced at the pain, but when she opened her eyes, her expression turned to utter disbelief. There in front of her, behind a table covered in papers, was General Tannis Tirinius.
She stood silently with her mouth open, watching him as he wrote something on a scroll in front of him by candlelight. He didn't even look up. He didn't seem at all concerned with the prisoner in front of him covering his floor with little drops of blood. He grabbed another scroll as he wrote and held it across the desk. The guard let go of her hair and took the scroll, quickly exiting once he had it. He shut the door behind him, and after a moment, she heard the muffled sound of keys clattering, locking the door behind her.
She stood silently, unable to even take a step because of her leg irons being so tightly fastened to the floor. She felt that if she fell over, the shackles would snap her ankles. She watched him finish writing and place the pen in its holder. He leaned back and ran his hand down his face, then cocked his head side to side in an attempt to crack his neck.
"So we meet again," he said as he finally looked to her eyes. "Only this time there is no blade in my gut. I hope my men have been treating you well."
"Treating me well? You need not worry about that. Your men should all get medals for how well they have treated us. You can see the result of their tender care all over your floor here."
"Good, good," he said as he scratched in his ear.
She was surprised that he would tolerate that kind of snide sarcasm. Perhaps he was testing to see how rude she would get before he killed her. He would probably let her say anything, and the madder he got, the more gruesome her death would be. Outwardly, she stood tall, inside, she was sinking quickly.
"What have you done to those other Vindyri? You know that they are not who you are looking for."
"And how do I know that? I had to catch a few before I found the right one. And perhaps they are all guilty of the attempt on my life, and only you actually committed the crime."
"You would punish them for my crimes?" she said as her voice weakened a little.
"I would have all the information I could get before I went killing anyone. There's nothing harder to get than information from the dead."
Her tears stung her chin when they reached the fresh wound. This man was as cold and heartless as she had heard. Perhaps all the Medorans were exactly the monsters she had heard that they were. She swallowed hard as she tried to keep herself from crying.
"You're evil; pure, unmasked evil. You don't care about the blood of the innocent staining your hands. All you care about is yourself, and you carelessly murder anyone who stands in your way."
He laughed. "You know, you have some interesting views on murder and evil for someone who came to Medora and tried to kill a man she didn't know. Is that the kind of backward thinking you have over there in Vindyrion? What exactly makes you immune from the same judgment? And why aren't you selfish for murdering someone who stood in your way?"
He didn't understand. He didn't know who she was. This was all a mystery to him because he still had missing pieces to his puzzle. Finally she felt a little surge of power. She stood a little straighter, knowing that as long as she kept her identity a secret, he would have to keep her alive to get more pieces to fit. He probably thought there was some elaborate conspiracy to kill him, and he was totally wrong. She did all this on her own, with no help at all. She never told a soul.
"No response for any of those questions?" he asked as he cracked a few of his knuckles.
Her instinct was to look up as she thought of a clever lie to get herself out of the situation, but she kept her eyes on his. He would know she was making things up otherwise. When no clever lie rushed into her head, she decided to flash him an angry, arrogant expression. It might boil his anger some, but giving answers was going to eventually get her killed.
Instead she asked her own question. "Why do you have guards lock this door when you have a prisoner in here with you?"
"Because if you manage to kill me, I don't want you to be able to escape. Every door you ever see again for the rest of your life will be locked behind you."
She shuddered at the thought. Either she was going to die, or she was going to be locked away in some room made of solid rock for years to come. The finality of both outcomes hit her with an oppressing, heavy weight that darkened all her hopes. She still stood tall however, not letting him know that his words could affect her.
"Now let's get some answers out of you," Tannis said as he kicked his heavy boots up on his sturdy desk, "Who sent you here to kill me?"
She defiantly turned her head away from him as she rolled her eyes slightly. Her only option was to play the silent game. She knew that it was only going to enrage him, but she needed to uphold this lie. She saw him thread his fingers together out of the corner of her eye. He seemed calm and relaxed, not angry.
"Perhaps you will be more willing to talk without one of those arms," he threatened.
She hoped he was just testing her limits. She didn't want to have to go through the gruesome ordeal of losing a limb. A morbid picture flashed through her head of tendons snapping as her arm was ripped violently from its socket. Dismissing her fear, she decided to stand her ground.
A muffled rattle of keys came again from the other side of the door, then a knock.
"Come," Tannis said. The door swung open and a guard entered.
"The Emperor wishes to see you General. He says it's urgent."
He sighed. "Very well. Stay here with the Vindyri. Do not speak to her."
"Yes sir," he said as he saluted and stood at attention beside the door.
Tannis got up and approached him. He took the guard's keys and exited, locking the door behind him.
As soon as she was sure he was out of earshot, she violently elbowed the guard in the nose. The blow to the nose wasn't that hard, but his head snapped back and hit the stone wall with a sickening thud. He fell unconscious to the floor, noisily breathing a bloody mess onto the granite. She squatted down, careful not to hurt her ankles in the process, and checked him quickly for another set of keys. She found none. She thought for a moment and realized there must be keys in this room. The guard who took her here had to unlock the door to enter. Tannis would not be locked in here without a set of keys, and he took the guard's keys when he left. There had to be another set.
The only place they could be was in the desk. There was nothing else in the room. It worried her that the desk was too far for her to reach while her feet were clamped so tightly to the floor, but it was close enough to touch, so maybe she had a shot. She stood up slowly, took a breath and reached out to the desk, laying her body over it. With her hands tightly clamped, it wasn't easy, but she reached down and felt the handle of a drawer. The guard began to stir.
As she fumbled to open the drawer, she knocked over the only candle in the tiny room, plunging it into darkness. Frustration turned to panic as she found the drawer locked. In a desperate attempt to find a solution, she felt along the desk. To her amazement, she found what she was looking for. A single key hung on a nail on the other side of the desk. She thanked the gods for her luck.
The guard made an attempt to speak, but he was still out of his wits. Her time was running out fast but she had to be careful and not rush. She could only touch the key with two fingers. If she dropped it, she would probably never have a chance like this again. She calmed herself as best she could, and lifted the key off the nail. Putting it on the desk, she switched hands and positioned the key so that she could put it in the lock without dropping it. She stretched as far as she could, which was causing the shackles to cut into her ankles. Biting her lip against the pain, she felt for the lock.
Her panic rose as she heard noises from outside the room. She didn't know what was happening, but she knew she had to hurry. To add to her problems, she felt the guard touch her leg. He was coming to. She hoped that the darkness would confuse him and make him think he was waking up in his bed at home.
With much relief, the key finally slid into the lock. It turned and clicked without trouble, and she again thanked the gods. She opened the drawer with her thumb and groped for a set of keys, finding instead papers and other small, unidentifiable objects. She threw everything to the floor, hoping to find what she was looking for.
Finally after an eternity of searching, she grasped a cold metal ring. She jiggled it and it rang with the glorious sound of brass keys. Carefully pulling them out of the drawer, she pushed herself off the desk back into the standing position. Squatting down, she tried several of the keys in her leg irons. The guard cleared his throat. She thought maybe he was awake now but unaware of his surroundings. Quietly she tried the last key. It worked. The tight irons fell off and clanked to the floor.
"What?who's there?" the guard said.
She wasted no time. She kicked at the place she thought his head would be. She got him right under his jaw, sending him right back to his unnatural slumber. She unlocked the shackles at her wrists and threw them behind the desk. Bending down in the darkness she felt for the guard's sword and pulled it free of its scabbard.
Feeling the lock on the door, she tried a key. This time it worked on her first try. She swung the door open just enough to peer out. No guards were in the immediate area, so she opened the door and exited, locking it behind her. Instead of running aimlessly, she ran back down the narrow corridor towards her cell. Finding the right key, she opened the door. This plan had to work.
She entered the room and stomped over to the corner. She lifted the chin of the woman chained there face down. This one would simply not do. Before the woman could ask what was going on, she went to the other woman in the far corner. Lifting her chin, she decided that this was a better choice. She hastily unlocked the woman's shackles.
"What's happening? How did you get the keys? Are you one of us?" she asked as she looked thankfully through teary eyes.
"Quiet. You only have this one chance. Don't ask questions," she said as she finished unlocking the irons, handing the woman the sword and dragging her over to the door. "Go on, get out of here."
"Where do I go?"
"Anywhere! Run!"
The woman left without another word. Alana locked the door and then threw the keys out through one of the high windows. She laid face down in the corner the woman was in, putting the shackles on and clasping them.
This plan had to work.



Chapter 7

Rommus stopped by a local fountain when he finally arrived back in Brinn. The day was hot and the cool water was much needed. The Medorans had mastered the art of directing water from distant rivers into their cities and towns through aqueducts, creating an elaborate water system for the cities. Most of them were similar to this one, carved of white marble and polished to a high luster. Adorning the fountains were statues of gods or heroes, and sometimes even past Emperors. The wealthy had fountains and baths in their homes, but most people came to the public fountains to drink and get water. Since they were such busy places, people stayed to socialize, and the cities even built structures around some of them so that the citizens could relax and mingle in the shade.
Rommus didn't spend much time there however. He would stop for a drink or to splash cold water on his face, but he knew that the people there did not welcome him. Somehow it seemed that everyone had secretly turned against him, avoiding him as if he were a Mage. Maybe he was just overreacting. Perhaps they found him intimidating because of his size. He wasn't a giant man like his father, but he was well above average in height and build, although to him it seemed that they weren't staring at his large arms and broad chest. To him it seemed that they looked away as soon as they caught his eye, as if meeting his glare might turn them to stone. Whatever the reason for it, he had learned to accept it and pretty much ignore everyone around him. He felt guilty sometimes when his presence seemed to kill laughter or abruptly end a conversation, but he always reminded himself that he had nothing to do with how people reacted to him. They were the cause, not him. He went out of his way to avoid offending people and he was polite when someone did decide to talk to him. Those occasions, however, were rare.
He finished at the fountain and made his way deeper into the city. Across the street, through some horse-drawn wagons, he saw the famous artist, Ehlom Nagelic. He was talking to himself, quite loudly, while carrying what looked like large scrolls. His frail body shook with rage at his invisible companion as he spoke to the air. Rommus wondered how anyone could be so angry at the world. He smiled as he thought of the man, as quirky as anyone could be, totally lost in his own world and talents. Ehlom attempted to shoulder someone out of his way, but instead he was thrown into a wall. He cursed loudly, picked up a dropped scroll, and turned the corner out of sight.
Rommus couldn't help but admire the man. He had talent, no doubt, but that wasn't it. The man had something. It was a fire, a goal. It was something that he could see in the distance, and he was always scurrying to reach it. At least he was driven. At least he had a purpose. Rommus wished for such a goal. He was always looking, and it never presented itself.
But like Ehlom, Rommus had talent. Maybe he wasn't a painter or sculptor (although he had never tried) but he was a master metalsmith. He once had made armor and swords for the army, but since then he had supported himself crafting custom weapons and armor for the wealthy, teaching himself how to do the delicate scrollwork and gold plating. Most of them were for decoration or ceremonial use, since no one wanted to pay such a large amount of money for a beautiful work of art just to have it shattered in battle. Those people would never know it, but any of his work would stand up to any abuse in any battle. Some of the Medoran army refused to fight with anything else.
There were two traditions he always kept while forging these great arms and armor. One was that he never made any of it while the sun was in the sky, and the other was that he included a few drops of his blood in the oil he used for tempering. The blood had no real purpose, but he had done it ever since the first time he ever tempered anything, cutting himself accidentally that time. Since his weapons were always of such outstanding quality, he decided not to break the tradition.
He made his way up the street and towards Mirra's house. She would not be expecting him, and might not even be home. It was no trouble however, since her house was on the way to the Emperor's Hall, and he wanted to stop there to check on his father anyway. A particularly smelly horse clopped its way down the hill he was climbing, and he waited for it to pass before crossing the street. Turning the corner, he counted the five doors like he always did, the fifth one being Mirra's.
He knocked before opening the door. He called her name, but no answer came. Quietly, he entered the room and stepped on something soft. Picking it up, he jogged up the stairs two at a time. Mirra's door was closed, and he rapped gently on the door. She moaned in irritation inside. Opening the door, he was surprised to find the room dark.
"Are you still sleeping?" he said with surprise. "Get up already, it's after noon!"
 She turned from him in a mock pout as he made his way to the window, noisily drawing the curtains open. Sunlight flooded the room and she covered her head with her satin sheets.
"Rommus close the curtains," she pleaded.
"No, this is unhealthy, you need air and sunshine. I should have come earlier and taken you into the woods. What happened to you yesterday by the way?"
She threw her sheets from her head with both hands, submitting to the annoying idea of waking up. "I was with my mother. We were all the way over in the east side of the city and we ran into some people she knew. You know how she is. I figured that it would be getting dark by the time I got there so I didn't bother, I'm sorry."
He bent over and kissed her forehead. "It's all right. You're forgiven. Did you hear about my father?"
"Your father? No. Why? Is everything okay?"
"He's okay now," he said as he sat down on the edge of her bed, "but someone tried to kill him. It was a Vindyri woman too, if you can believe that. She stabbed him and then escaped. The funny thing is, I think I might have met her when I was waiting for you yesterday."
"And you didn't try to stop her?" she asked as she laid there in the bed.
"No, I met her before it happened. I didn't know what she was going to do. It might not even have been her. There are plenty of Vindyri wandering around Brinn."
"What is that?" she asked, pointing to the cloth in his hands.
"Beats me, it was on your floor downstairs by the door. I thought maybe you had dropped it or something."
He threw it to her, amazed that she would change the subject so quickly. She caught it and opened it up to inspect it, realizing it was a sack. She examined it, front and back. Looking inside, she found nothing, and tossed it in a corner. She sat up and hooked her hair behind her ears.
"I was attacked yesterday too."
She rushed over to him and threw her arms around his neck in alarm. "Oh Romm, are you okay?" 
"Yes I'm fine. Aren't I always?"
She hugged him tightly, refusing to let go. "Rommus I can't stand to see you hurt."
"All right, all right already. I said I'm fine," he said with a smile. "Now get off me."
"Well what happened? Why would someone attack you?"
She loosened her grip and nestled herself into her sheets, keeping a caring hand on his arm.
"I don't know. It was very odd. Two Mages confronted me on the road from the cliffs."
"Mages? They sure scare me. What are they for anyway?"
"Honestly I don't really know," he said as he absentmindedly knocked on the wooden frame of her bed.
"Well did they hurt you? I couldn't stand to see you injured, you know that."
"No I wasn't hurt. I really don't have any answers for any of it. But I'm fine, don't worry about me. Let's get something to eat. Are you hungry?"
She made a face and touched her stomach as if the thought of food sickened her. "No, I don't think I could eat right now, I don't feel very well today."
"Do you ever feel well, Mirra? You can't sleep all day and not eat."
She groaned in protest and threw herself onto her pillows, again covering her head with her silky sheets. He shook his head and rubbed her back while she lay there. She seemed to melt under his touch, and he knew if he kept it up she would fall asleep. It wasn't good that she was sleeping her days away, but he wanted to bring some joy to her gloom, so he continued.
"Rommus, do you ever think about the future?"
He sighed. "All the time."
"What if things don't end up the way you plan them to?"
"I don't expect them to go a certain way. I deal with things as they come."
She breathed in a breath of air in such a way that made him believe she was going to say something more. When she said nothing, he went back to rubbing her back. In a matter of moments she was lost in the relaxation, and fell peacefully to sleep. He got up carefully, so as not to wake her, and went to the window. He looked out over the beautiful city, shining in the sun, and took a deep breath. He closed his eyes for a moment and drank in the feeling of the Medoran summer. After a minute or two, he reached up and closed the curtains half way, meeting her in the middle. He quietly left and closed her door behind him, heading back to the street.
He made his way north toward the Emperor's Hall, seeing it above the rooftops of the buildings in front of him. Weaving through the streets, he did his best to avoid people and stay out of their way. Finally he came to the steps of the Hall, and approached one of the guards.
"Well hello Rommus, haven't seen you in a while."
"Gerik! I thought you were out guarding the southern wall. When did you get back?" he asked as he shook the man's hand.
"Just today. They sent troops from the Sun Legion to replace us since none of us have been home for more than a month. I am only here for the day, and then I have leave for an entire week."
"Did you see any great and mysterious beasts to the south?" Rommus said with a smirk.
Gerik laughed. "No, I didn't see any beasts. I think those are just stories to keep people from going down there. 
"Yeah I think so too. Well it's great that you're back. You should come by so that we can catch up."
Rommus liked the man but he was rather boring. He never really talked about anything except the army, and while there were some great stories, there was a lot more to life than blood and victory. Rommus always thought the man was just keeping to himself, hiding his secrets so that no one could ever use anything against him. Gerik had served under Rommus while he was a Captain in the Moon Legion, and he was one of the few people left in Medora who actually showed him any respect.
"I heard about your father. I hope he's well. Is it true it was a woman who did it?"
"Apparently. Honestly I don't know much about it. I was hoping to see him. Is he here?"
He clicked his tongue. "No, he left for the Star Legion barracks just after the sun rose. He looked fine to me if you were just wondering if he was all right. I doubted that he even had an injury when I saw him this morning."
"Well that's good. That barracks isn't far, so I'll stop and see him. Did they catch the girl?"
"They caught several girls, but I don't know if any of them were the right one. You'll have to ask the Commander there or General Tirinius."
"I will do that, thank you Gerik. I hope to see you again soon."
Gerik turned back to his position and saluted, even though it wasn't necessary to do so. Rommus smiled and gave his armor a good whack before descending the steps.
Before he even got to the last step, something caught his eye. He couldn't be positive at such a great distance, so he quickened his pace, careful to stay out of sight. Ahead of him, at the next row of houses was a woman walking; a Vindyri woman. She was walking away from him, but he thought he recognized the gentle, graceful sway of the woman he had met the day before. 
Both of them slipped between the people in the streets. She didn't seem like she was trying to hide, which seemed odd to him if in fact she was responsible for the attempt on his father's life. He lost her around a corner and he felt cold rush of panic at the thought of her escape. He hurried up the street and turned the corner himself, caring less about being seen and more about catching this woman. This was the city's busiest street on the west side, with shops and carts lining the road as it gently curved around the Emperor's Hall to connect with other streets than eventually made a giant circle in the center of the city. A wonderful wall of aromas from the foods in the marketplace hit him and reminded him of his hunger. The woman was nowhere in sight.
Suddenly he saw her, off to the side behind a cart of fruit near an alleyway. He didn't waste any more time. He ran to her area, trying to avoid trampling the innocent shoppers in the streets. When he finally reached her, he grabbed her arm and pushed her into the alley. 
"Hey!" she cried as she tried unsuccessfully to pull away.
He pulled her farther into the shadows and spun her abruptly to face him. He must have looked as shocked as she did, since he wasn't expecting to see dried blood and bruises on her face. For a moment he forgot what he was going to say or do, but he kept her arm firmly in his grip.
"You," she said, startled. 
He got right to the point. "Are you the Vindyri that stabbed my father?"
"Your father?"
She looked even more shocked, but then her expression cooled as she paused for a second.
"Is that what's going on? Those brutes chained me and beat me all day. They had other Vindyri there too, all of them as bruised as I am. They only just now let me go less than an hour ago. Is this the kind of treatment I can expect anywhere in Medora?" she said as she jerked her arm from his grasp and ran her hand through her hair.
"Well, no, it's just?"
"What right do you have to do this to innocent people? And women no less!" she said as she crossed her arms and stood tall.
"Well, see, someone tried to kill my father, and he described her as an attractive woman with blonde hair, so we assumed, since no one?"
"I can gather what your reasons are," she interrupted again.
He stood staring into this woman's eyes. Her beauty held him in some kind of spell, making it hard to think straight. He was sure that they would not have let her go if she was indeed the guilty Vindyri, so he decided to believe her. Forgetting what he was going to say next, he sputtered out the only thing that came to his mind.
"What was your name again?"
"Alana." She caught herself before she said her last name. "And you are? You never told me your name."
"I am Rommus Tirinius. I'm sorry that they hurt you. That sort of thing never happens here, but the General of the army doesn't meet an assassin every day either. On behalf of all Medorans, I apologize."
He felt silly phrasing it that way, clumsily stumbling over the words, but it was too late to take back. He stood there like a fool, desperately hoping she would say something so that he wouldn't have to.
Finally, a smile came to her face. "So you'd call me an attractive woman with blonde hair, huh?"
That wasn't exactly the line he hoped she would throw him. "Well, yes I'd say you were?"
"Do you think you could find me a tall, handsome man to protect me until I can get out of Brinn?" she asked as she stepped in closer to him.
He stammered a moment as he tried to tell her that he would guide her, but before he could answer, she looked over his shoulder and spoke softly.
"Why do your Mages here wear black and not silver?"
"I didn't know there were any other colors that they wore. Why are you whispering?"
"Do your strange Black Mages always carry swords?"
He turned around to see what she was talking about. Five men in black robes were walking calmly towards them in the alley, their wall of living darkness bristling with shining swords. The fact that they didn't run showed they had confidence and were determined to finish the job this time. Since he had only a knife, he decided to run. He grabbed Alana by the arm and rushed her along with him. She went along without a fight.
"What's going on? Do you know them?" she asked as she ran.
"I don't know who they are. All I know is that both times I have run into you, I have run into Mages that want to kill me. So I think it's you who has some explaining to do, not me."
"Get him. Kill the girl," the Mage in the center bellowed. The other four Mages rushed in to attack.




Chapter 8

They ran down the alley as fast as their feet would carry them. Rommus drew his knife so that he would at least have a fighting chance if any of these men caught up to them. He could hear the boots stomping on the cobblestone behind him, and he knew that if he paused for a second to look at his pursuers, he would encounter a blade before he could see the person wielding it. 
The alley curved around a corner slightly, and when he saw what waited ahead of him, dread overtook him. Two more armed Mages. There was no way that he could defeat five, let alone seven men while protecting this woman, and now he had no choice but to try. The Mages in the distance walked slowly toward their prey. Rommus frantically searched the alley for a hidden exit or something to use as a weapon, but he saw nothing but cold stone walls.
As he ran, he considered the fact that the men behind them were probably pumping their arms as they struggled to keep up and their swords were most likely not leveled at his back. He took a great risk that could have cost him his life. He stopped and crouched to the ground. Two of the four chasing him tumbled over him, their swords clattering to the ground. The other two continued to chase Alana, but turned back when they heard the swords fall.
"Not the girl!" the fifth man of the group yelled as he brought up the rear. "Get him!" 
He raised an arm and pointed at Rommus, his sleeves hemmed with blue satin.
Rommus wasted no time and stabbed the nearest Mage in the leg, leaving the knife buried hilt-deep in the unfortunate man. He screamed as he reached to his leg, dropping his sword and falling to the ground. That was the outcome Rommus expected, and he dove for the blade. Alana saw her opportunity as well, grabbing one of the other dropped swords before their owners could make sense of the madness.
One of the weaponless assassins kicked Rommus under his chin before he got a good grip of the sword, and then stomped on his outstretched arm to foil his plans. The man then screamed and fell to his knees as Alana pulled her sword free from his middle. Without missing a step, she was off clashing swords with another Mage. Rommus stood, sword in hand, and deflected several thrusts from another attacker.
Seeing the mayhem, the distant Mages were running in to assist. It was all happening too fast to see what was going on, but Rommus managed to open the belly of one of the Mages, sending blood and innards to cover the cobblestone street. Alana had spilled the blood of two others, making little red rivers between the stones. Rommus rushed to the attackers, shouldering one away from Alana and slicing deeply into the arm of another. Alana quickly stabbed the man in his gut when he fell, twisting the blade sharply before removing it. The one who seemed to be in charge was holding back and staying away from the clanging swords. Rommus spun with all his might and attempted to sever the head of the man with the wounded arm, but only managed to cut his neck open and knock him to the ground.
With all the men bleeding into the street, Rommus and Alana turned to the leader of the group. He was already running down the alley and out into the street, tucking his sword into his robes. It was all over before they realized it.
Rommus turned to her, panting. "Are you all?"
Alana screamed. The Mage Rommus had stabbed in the leg had pulled the knife free while lying there on the ground and stabbed Alana in hers. She screamed again before Rommus could bring the sword down on the man's arm, severing it at the elbow. Another quick swing and the man's neck was open and bleeding out his life onto the street. He cursed himself for killing the man in rage and not interrogating him before he did so. He refocused on Alana, who had fallen to the ground, holding her leg in agony.
Letting his sword fall, he did his best to comfort her, holding her head in the crook of his arm so that she would not have to hold it up on her own. "It's not very deep, but I am going to have to pull it out, and it will need to be sewn shut. Can you handle that?"
"I think so," she said through gritted teeth.
"Good because that's the only choice you have."
He took a firm hold of the bloody handle and yanked it out, causing her to scream again. He tossed the knife aside and took off his shirt.
"I didn't realize you were the kind of man to take advantage of a woman in a situation like this," she said with her best attempt at a smile.
He paused a moment to consider what she meant, the joke finally hitting him. "No, this is to wrap your leg in so that we can reduce the bleeding. We'll have to get you to the Emperor's Hall. It's not far."
"No!" she protested. "No I don't want to be anywhere that people might think I am that other Vindyri woman. Please can we just leave Brinn?"
"Leave Brinn?" he asked as he tied his shirt around her wounded leg. "We can't leave Brinn now, you can't even walk. They already released you, they know you're innocent."
"Please Rommus, don't take me there," she said softly as tears filled her eyes.
She stared at him through that watery gaze until his heart melted with pity for the woman.
"All right. I shouldn't go walking around these busy streets shirtless anyway. If we take this alley to the end, it connects to another alley that leads to my forge. I live above it, so I can look to your wounds there. But let me tell you right now, I am not skilled in the arts of healing." He slipped his arms under her, getting ready to pick her up.
"Are you skilled in the arts of carrying women back to your home?" she said with a smirk as she put her arms around his neck to help him bear her weight.
"This is what you think of at a time like this?"
"A time like what? How do you know I don't do this every day?"
"Well, since you seem to have a knack for finding trouble, I guess I can't assume this isn't your everyday routine. You must lead a very exciting life."
She sighed and laid her head against his bare chest as he carried her. He was a little embarrassed because of how sweaty he was from the fight, but she made no complaint, and he made no attempt to stop her.
After a long silence, Rommus spoke. "Thank you for saving my life back there. If those men had caught me alone, I'm sure I wouldn't have made it."
"I should thank you, good sir. I wouldn't have made it without your help either."
"Yeah that reminds me; where did you learn to fight like that? I don't know of any women who would hold a sword, much less use one. Do they train women to fight in Vindyrion?"
"No. Vindyrion is much like Medora, except there is not as much wealth or as many pretty buildings. Our women are not warriors, just as the women here are not. We also don't have statues of the gods everywhere like you have here. You Medorans seem to take your religion seriously."
"Oh don't let the statues fool you. Most people who believe in the gods are just reaching out for something to believe in or belong to. I think it's all rather absurd really, but I do appreciate a well-carved statue." He smiled down to her when she looked up at him. "You never answered my question. Where did you learn to fight like that?"
"Oh, I had two brothers who were in the Vindyri army. I had to learn to defend myself against them or they might have killed me in their games. I guess you had some training of your own?"
"Yes. As I mentioned, my father is the General of all the Medoran Legions. I joined the army years ago, but I left. It wasn't for me."
"Did you ever see any battle?"
"I encountered a few enemies, but nothing epic like you're thinking. There are always rebel bands of Vindyri who attack us when they feel our guard is down, but we have had no wars since I was a boy."
"Have you encountered any Bhoors?"
"No, I have never seen one. We are too far from Bhoor-Rahn to run into any here. Besides, your country stands between our lands, so you would see them more often than we would. Our people are not fond of the Bhoors; most of us anyway."
"You don't accept them among your people?"
"No. Of course there are exceptions, but most people here feel they are too dangerous to have so near. The older men tell stories about them, and from how they describe them, I never want to meet one.
"Well they are people just like you and I. It's only fair to give them a chance."
He laughed. "It's only fair that I am allowed to not trust them. I assume you have seen many in your country?"
"I have seen a few. Most of them are terribly ugly. They almost don't look human. Their faces are long, and their teeth are as well. Some of them grow beards to hide their odd looks among us, but you can always tell. Their eyes are usually brown, but not like yours¾more like the color of wine. The ones I saw in Burnhamheade lived just like the rest of us, but if what I hear is correct, they prefer tents rather than buildings."
"I suppose in a land full of tents there aren't any well-carved statues to look at," he said as he turned up the alley that led to his forge.
"Well I wouldn't know. I have never been there. Maybe they don't carve statues of their god, but they do spend a lot of time worshipping Rohni."
"Rohni is their god? They only worship one?"
"Yes, but Rohni is just the name they use for Oderion. It's the same thing."
"I see. How does your leg feel?"
"I can bear it. I don't like it, but I can bear it."
"Well we're almost there. See that gray building up there apart from the rest? That's my forge."
He was relieved to finally arrive at the forge. He didn't want her to know it, but carrying her all that way was not easy. As soon as he took her up the stairs, he laid her on his bed and gave his burning muscles a break.
"Tear the hole in your pants open some so that I can sew the wound. I need to get some things together."
She did as he asked while he gathered the necessary items. When he returned, he set them on the table next to his bed.
"You live alone here," she said as she looked around the room.
"Yes that's right. How do you know that?"
"Well I can see there is only one bed here, so you don't share the room with a brother, and I see no flowers or feminine decorations. Don't you have a wife or a girlfriend?"
"A wife!" he chuckled. "Hardly. But I am seeing someone, yes. As for a brother, I have none. My father is my only family," he said as he threaded a needle with black thread.
"Your girlfriend doesn't like flowers?"
"She doesn't live here. She says she can't stand the banging at night when I work downstairs. I built the walls twice as thick as they needed to be to keep the noise down for the neighbors, but it doesn't help much in here."
She made herself useful by mixing the herbs and water in the bowl he had brought to the bed. "So not only are you strange, but you are a builder as well as a metalsmith.
"Strange? Yes I built this place with the help of some friends I had in the army. But what makes me strange?"
"You are strange because you forge your weapons in the darkness. Why on earth would you do that? Isn't it hard to see what you're doing?"
He laughed. "No, it's not hard. I have oil lamps I use so that I can see. I do it at night because I have always done it at night. I am afraid that if I change my ways, I won't end up with such good work."
"So you're superstitious, but you don't believe in the gods." Her smile turned to wincing as he began sewing the gash in her leg.
"I don't know if I'd call it superstitious. I just pride myself on my work."
She breathed in ragged, irregular breaths against the pain. When he paused she managed to speak again.
"Well can I see something you made?"
"Most of the interesting stuff is either downstairs or sold already, but there's a dagger there in the drawer." He reached over and pulled the drawer open a few inches.
She reached inside and pulled it out. She was stunned. "It's beautiful! I have never seen anything like it. It reminds me of all the beauty I have seen here in Medora. How did you do this?"
"I am a metalsmith. It's my job."
"Yes but I have never seen anything so graceful and exquisitely detailed. How did you get it polished like that? It's like a mirror. I can see all my cuts on my poor face."
"Well polishing is no secret. There's a process to it, and to get it really shiny you use very fine abrasives on a cloth."
"And the gold? How do you get the gold parts on there? Will it come off?"
He smiled. "No it won't come off. But I can't go telling you all my secrets or no one will come buy my weapons anymore."
She looked at him with a pleading look that made him smile even more. He was happy that she was so impressed with this dagger of his.
"I'll tell you what. I get to keep my secret about how to get the gold to stay on, and you get to keep the dagger."
She breathed in a quick breath as her face lit up. "Really? No, I can't take this. It must be worth a fortune. I can't keep it."
"Sure you can. Accept it as thanks for saving my life. Really, it's no big deal. I want you to have it. Besides I can see you're missing yours."
She felt the empty sheath attached to her belt. "Thank you Rommus, I love it. But I'm afraid it's a little longer than the dagger I lost. I don't think it will fit in this sheath."
"That's okay. There is one around her somewhere that fits it. I'll find it later. But for now let's finish up on this wound." He continued to weave the coarse black thread through her cut, and then added the mashed herbs when he was finished. She made grunts of complaint while he worked, but she was mostly focused on the gift he had given her.
"How do you cover a whole sword in gold?" she asked as he started to clean up.
"A whole sword? That can't be done. It would have to be made of solid gold, and that would be way too expensive and far too heavy to be used as a weapon. And most importantly, it would bend and break under any kind of stress. Gold is too soft to make weapons with."
"Well, you obviously know more than I do, and maybe it was just a trick of the light, but I could have sworn that Mage with the blue sleeves had a gold sword."
"I didn't get a good look at him, but you have to be wrong. I'm the only one I know of in Medora who could make anything like it, and I'm telling you, a sharp stick would make a better weapon."
Alana's eyebrows drew together as she struggled to remember the details of the man and his sword. "I guess you're right, maybe it was just my imagination. It all happened so fast."
"Well, if he shows up again, I'll ask him to see it," he said with a crooked smile. "Get comfortable and I will make us some food. Then you can rest."
She returned his smile and covered up with his blankets, all the while admiring her treasured gift he had given her.




Chapter 9

Uritus ran his finger around the flowing curves carved into his throne. It was made entirely of black marble except for the soft red cloth seat. Two of his men stood at the wall behind him, protecting their leader in the throne room connected to the secret chamber under the Temple of Inshae. All was quiet except for the occasional hissing of torches.
Suddenly, he heard the sound he was waiting for. The grinding of stone against stone shook the room slightly as the secret stairway lowered. Excitement rushed through his body as he waited for his messengers, eager to hear of their success. His eyes narrowed when only one came though the doorway. Instantly he knew something had gone wrong.
"Why are you alone, Brother? And why have you arrived so late? It is an hour past sunset," he said with restrained anger.
""I am sorry, Red Master, I was in hiding. Please forgive me. I feared that I was seen by the people in the street after the incident in the alley."
"Where are the others?"
"They have fallen, Red Master. We encountered Rommus in an alley near the market. He was with a Vindyri woman. We were unable to take him. The woman fought us as well. It all went horribly wrong."
"Where is the sword?" Uritus yelled, finally letting his anger show.
The man shrank back some as he stumbled over his words. "I have it here, Red Master. I would die before losing it." He carefully pulled the sword from his robes and laid it gently at the purple carpet leading to the throne.
"Seven men were unable to defeat two? And one of them a woman?"
"I don't know what happened, it was all a blur. This Tirinius is no amateur. He is strong and quick. The girl fought with a passion I have never seen before."
"You fool. He saw your hooded men on the road to the cliffs, and you attack him again under hood and cloak? Are you so stupid as to not know that the best tactic is to attack him without the conspicuous robes?"
"I'm sorry Red Master. I did not think to do that. We needed to hide our swords."
"And what reason have you for attacking him next to the busiest street in Brinn?"
"He is hard to track, Master. He leaves the city and goes into hiding for hours, often in darkness. We have no way of knowing where he will be at any time, day or night."
Uritus let his rage flow into the room. The torches began to burn hotter and brighter, as if the room felt him flexing his anger. The man in front of him and even his two silent guards began to quake with fear. This was the first time Uritus showed anyone that he had control of magic¾real magic.
A small smile came to his face beneath his hood as he realized how much he frightened this man. He was loyal, and did whatever he was told, but he had failed him on the most important task in the history of the Mages. He had to make an example of this man if he was ever to command the full respect of his followers.
"Blue Master," he said quietly, "you have failed me. You have not completed the simple task of cutting the flesh of one man. The sword only required you to graze his skin with the blade, and you could not do even that. You did not think to remove your robes, thereby alerting Tirinius to your intentions. You were given a great honor, and you have disgraced yourself and this Order. I hereby sentence you to death beyond pain. I shall send you directly to Inshae. Perhaps he will be able to find a better use for you." He stretched out both of his arms toward the man.
"Please Red Master," he pleaded, "please do not do this. I will not fail you again."
"No you will not," Uritus answered coldly and his outstretched arms tightened and flexed. The man arched and contorted standing there before him. A scream left his throat as his body lifted slightly from the floor. The shriek grew quieter as if it was coming from a great distance and a purple glow began to burn around him. Suddenly a thunderous boom shook the very foundations of Brinn. The torches had gone out, and one of the guards collapsed to the floor from the violent rumble.
From the darkness came a small purple flame. It came from the upturned palm of Uritus, and both men bowed before it. He closed his hand over the fire and the torches sprang to life with the same purple glow. The eerie light lit the room, showing the guards that the screaming man had vanished without a trace.
"Rise," Uritus commanded the man on the right. "The honor is upon you now. Take the sword of Arius and slay Rommus Tirinius. Do not fail me."
The man stood and then bowed deeply, taking the sword from the floor and leaving the room.
Uritus turned to the remaining guard. "Assemble the Purple Mages for the morning. I must go now. I have somewhere I need to be."


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Alana awoke to a strange vibration. She thought maybe it was thunder, but looking out the open window, she saw only a few wisps of clouds curling through the sky in their futile attempt to hide the stars. Perhaps she had just dreamed the feeling. She often had strange dreams when she slept anywhere unfamiliar, and she had apparently been asleep in Rommus's bed all day and night. It was dark, but a single candle burned on a small workbench across the room. She heard a muted clanging through the floor beneath her.
Soon the noise stopped, and she heard boots scuffing the wooden stairs. Rommus appeared with some water and sat it on the table next to her. He smiled at her and her heart jumped. He was the kind of man that she had always dreamed of when she was a little girl. Seeing him there in the dim light made her imagination run wild with thoughts of other bedroom scenarios by candlelight. It was a shame that the situation she had gotten herself into would not allow them to ever be together. Her fantasies fluttered away to the ground like the dry leaves of fall.
"Did the noise wake you?" he asked.
"The rumbling feeling woke me, not your banging. What on earth are you doing down there?"
"I was finishing an axe for a Nobleman. I didn't make that rumbling, I thought it was thunder until I came up here and looked out the window. There are no windows downstairs, only vents."
"What could it have been then?" she asked as she scratched her side and pulled herself up in the bed.
"I don't know. It was something big though. Maybe something fell over nearby. Maybe a statue or part of a building; although I can't imagine that sort of thing making enough of a boom for me to feel it while working steel downstairs. Maybe it was thunder coming from the south and we just can't see the clouds from these windows yet." As he spoke he opened the drawer of the table next to the bed, removed a small velvet bag, and lit a candle there on the table.
"What's in the bag?" she asked.
"It's a secret."
Her shoulders slumped with disappointment as she looked into his eyes. Then she realized that he was going to show her what it was.
"You wouldn't have lit the candle if you didn't intend to show me."
"You sure are a clever one," he said with a smile as he dumped the bag into his hand. "This isn't for you this time, so don't get your hopes up."
She playfully smacked his arm at the comment, and sat there waiting for him to show her the treasure. He held out his hand, palm down, and she held out hers, taking the item. When he moved his hand out of the way, she could see what it was. Her mouth hung open with astonishment.
"It's my first attempt at jewelry. I figured it can't be much different than weapons, except it's smaller and not sharp."
She smiled at the ridiculous comparison. "Rommus I am amazed. I am not one to wear jewelry really, but this makes me wonder if I should reconsider." She ran a finger around the intricate markings on the golden pendant in her hand. "Is this for -what was her name?"
"Mirra. Yes. I have been working on it on and off for about a month in my free time. You think she'll like it then?"
"If she doesn't absolutely love it, you need to find yourself a more appreciative woman." She cursed herself, fearing he might consider the comment rude.
Instead of reacting to her remark, he reached down and flipped over the charm. "I carved this on the back. It's our rock. You remember it. It's where you and I met the first time. She and I sit there for hours sometimes and laugh and talk and watch the sun set."
The carving was done amazingly well for being so small. He had even gone to the trouble to carve rays from the setting sun, and seagulls in the air. "Oh Rommus, you are so thoughtful. She is lucky to have a man like you who cares so much for her." 
A sadness came over her and she felt a stab of jealousy in her heart as she thought about this wonderful man who she could not have. She hoped that he would be happy with Mirra the rest of his life. Suddenly guilt tipped the scales of her emotions because of what she had tried to do to his father. She began to cry.
"What's wrong?" he asked, sitting on the side if the bed.
"Nothing Rommus, I'm sorry. It's just so sweet of you, that's all."
She hoped he would believe her little lie and not ask any more questions. She wiped her eyes and did her best to flash him a smile, handing the pendant back to him.
"Well, I am going to go see her now and surprise her with this. I came up here to check on you and make sure you didn't need anything. You're free to stay as long as you like, and I don't want to hear any complaints about how you're intruding and taking up all my time. How does your leg feel?"
She moved her leg to test it. She had honestly forgotten all about the wound, and it didn't bother her to move it. "Actually it feels pretty good. I'm lucky that it was mostly just skin that got stabbed and not muscle. I don't want to rip it open, but it doesn't really hurt. It just feels a little achy and numb."
"Very good," he said as he stood. "Is there anything else I can get you before I go?"
"No, I think I'm ok. You tell her if she doesn't love that thing then she has to answer to me."
He smiled down to her. "I'll let her know. If she's wise she'll avoid any trouble with you. I'll be back in no more than two hours. Oh, before I forget, I found the sheath to the dagger. It's here on the table next to it." He turned and went down the stairs.
Alana cried a little louder once she knew he couldn't hear. She wanted to tell him how sorry she was, but she couldn't very well tell him the truth. She pulled in ragged breaths between sobs, unable to see clearly through her watery vision. Wiping her eyes, she decided that she wanted to go to the window to watch him walk away. She hoped that he would use the streets and not the alley where she couldn't see him. Being careful not to tear her stitches, she got out of bed, taking her dagger with her, and hopped on her good leg over to the window.
A moment passed before she saw him in the street. The moonlight was not bright enough to make out any details, but she could tell it was him by his determined, imposing stride. He was a man that could strike fear into anyone with only a glance, and yet he made no attempt to intimidate anyone. If anything, he showed only kindness-at least as far as she could tell. Suddenly she felt an overwhelming urge to follow him. It was a stupid thing to do in her condition, but her heart sang when the idea came to her head. When she was very young, her father told her to follow her heart. It was just a saying until she met this man. Her soul filled with a hot determination. She would go and see where this Mirra lived.
A quick final glance through the window showed the street Rommus turned onto. Suddenly a figure appeared from the shadows and followed behind him. Icy terror flooded through her as she rushed down the stairs, ignoring her painful wound.




Chapter 10

With all the trouble he had seen in the last two days, Rommus decided to bring a sword with him this time. This one was his favorite, wide and well-balanced; better than any he ever saw in the army. People were allowed to carry swords in Medora, but it was looked down upon in the cities, and a soldier in a bad mood might take out his frustrations on someone who so openly disobeyed the law¾albeit unofficial and unwritten. He knew that no soldier would bother him though, since he was son of the General. In addition to a sword, he carried the axe he had made for the Nobleman, which he intended to deliver before he saw Mirra.
He turned a corner and started his decent down the street leading to Mirra's, hoping she was home. She had probably slept the better part of the day away, so there was no telling if she was still there or not. It could be very boring to not leave the house all day and all night, and he thought she might have gone to visit a friend or maybe her mother. That thought made him think about what he was going to do to entertain Alana while she stayed at his house. He didn't want her to suffer any boredom either.
He passed the Emperor's Hall and waved to the guards standing in the shadows of the great columns. They looked at him and then to each other, but they did not respond. Rommus had forgotten that Gerik had been standing guard there since before sunrise, and was probably sound asleep in his bed by now. These guards had no idea who was waving to them. He felt silly and decided to try not to wave at anyone anymore if he could avoid it.
After passing the massive Hall, he entered Pike's Row, where most of the Nobles lived. Unlike most houses in Brinn, most of which were connected to each other on straight streets, these houses were larger and separated, on one of the curved roads surrounding the Emperor's Hall. The men who lived there were wealthy enough to light their homes at night like the temples, and did it often to flaunt their affluence. Rommus walked up to the second house and knocked gently on the door. After a long silence the door opened. A fat man stood inside glaring out at him.
"I'm sorry to come so late, sir, but I have finished the axe you requested."
"This was supposed to be finished yesterday. And how dare you knock on this door after dark, Tirinius?"
"You're mistaken sir. Today is the right day, and I informed you that I would be coming after dark more than a week ago." The expression on the man's face made Rommus think that maybe he made a habit of drinking sour milk before bed.
"Don't you dare take that tone with me, boy. I can call my guards if you are in the mood to run your mouth," the man said as he violently wagged a finger in front of Rommus's face.
"I don't think that's necessary, sir. I'll be on my way if you would just give me my two gold pieces."
The man rolled his eyes and sighed in frustration. "Wait here," he said before slamming the door in Rommus's face. Rommus waited patiently, taking the opportunity to check the shadows for any possible attackers. The door opened again, and the fat man held out his meaty palm for his axe.
Rommus handed the axe to the man. "Here you are sir, I'm sure it's everything you expected."
After inspecting it briefly, the man threw the two gold coins out into the street. "There you are Tirinius. Go find your coins. Crawl in the streets like some worthless beggar." He laughed a deep and rumbling laugh before slamming the door a final time. His booming laugh could be heard through the thick door for quite a while.
Rommus desperately wished he could have punched the man and taught him a lesson, but such a man was too powerful for things like that. Even though Rommus was the son of the General, and close to all those in the Emperor's Hall, he could not commit such a crime and go unpunished. Surely an example would have to be made of him, so he avoided offending people; especially people of stature. He shook his head, took a deep breath and went to pick up the coins. Luckily the fat man's plot had failed and they were easy to spot, and he was able to pick them up before some thief could emerge from the shadows and claim them. He couldn't believe how rude the man was to him. There was just no reason for it, especially since he was considerate to everyone he encountered. Most people either ignored him or made quiet comments behind his back, but to be so blatantly rude was totally inconceivable to him. To Rommus, it seemed like so much more work to be so discourteous, and he simply could not fathom the need for it.
Normally his rage would be boiling and he would have to fight to restrain it, but tonight he felt in good spirits. He wasn't going to let this rude Nobleman shatter his mood when he almost never felt this way. Try as he may, he couldn't think of the reason for his uncommon cheer. He eventually came to the conclusion that it was probably for helping Alana earlier in the day. He wondered about her and hoped that she was feeling all right and that she wasn't bored. He was also concerned that she might be having a hard time dealing with killing those men earlier in the day. For some people, it haunted them for the rest of their lives.
He was surprised to feel a cool raindrop touch his skin. He remembered that only moments before there were just a few clouds stretching across the sky, allowing the bright stars to send their rays to the ground. He looked up, expecting to see them, but instead saw dark clouds racing in from the east, swiftly covering them with an inky curtain of mist. The raging clouds above him boiled violently, and he was reminded of a feeling he had not long before. He couldn't remember exactly what it was, so he assumed it was a forgotten dream. Judging from the dread it conjured, he thought it was more likely a forgotten nightmare.
A few fat drops of rain fell to the cobblestone as the city grew darker. A major storm was coming, and he all of a sudden felt very uncomfortable about it. He turned the corner to the road leading to Mirra's and rested his hand on the hilt of his sword.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Alana moved through the shadows as quietly as possible. She not only feared that some soldier would see her and capture her, but she was greatly concerned with the man following Rommus. She gave up on following him to Mirra's and instead trailed this man, who was carefully staying well out of Rommus's sight. She made no move to harm the man, since it was possible that it was someone that Rommus knew, but she could feel in her bones that that assumption was wrong.
The swift clouds roared by and cloaked the moon and stars, making it even harder to see the man in the shadows. For some reason looking to the sky made her more nervous, and she couldn't understand why. She thought that maybe it was because the clouds were moving much faster than she had ever seen them move before, and that the darkness they brought with them was making it harder to see this mysterious man. She realized that although they swept over the city with great speed, she felt no wind whatsoever on her skin. Along with darkness they brought with them the chill of fear.
She was careful not to irritate her wound, but it did hurt her as she walked. If Rommus knew she had followed him, he would probably be angry with her for getting out of bed, but worst of all, he might think that she wanted to harm him, thinking she was indeed the guilty Vindyri who stabbed his father. Although she really was that Vindyri, there was nothing she could do to change the facts, and she would do all she could to hide the truth from him. As the cold rain started to fall harder upon her, she decided that she would make sure that this man did not hurt Rommus, and then she would leave Brinn. It broke her heart to have to go, but she really had no other choice.
She moved from building to building, pausing when the man paused, advancing when he moved. The rain made it even harder to see, but at least it helped to cover the sound of her footsteps. The air had gotten much cooler and the chill stole its way down to her soul. Something was causing her panic to rise, and she began to be more and more afraid; not necessarily of this man, but of the unknown force that was beginning to consume her thoughts. She looked to the churning clouds that brought down the sheets of rain drenching her. If only the rain would let up, her task would be so much easier. When she looked back to the man in the shadows, he was gone. She frantically searched for any sign of him, but he had vanished like a wisp of smoke without a trace. She had lost him and Rommus both, and had no idea which way to go next. Although it seemed impossible, her panic rose even more.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Rommus came to Mirra's door and gently pushed it open. A candle was lit in the room, so he assumed she had to be there somewhere. He stepped inside and quietly shut the door behind him, careful not to alert her to his presence. Pulling the pendant out of the soft velvet bag, he placed it in his hand and looked at it shining in the golden glow of the candle. He smiled to himself, feeling a bit of pride as he closed his hand around the object and moved quietly to the stairs.
When he arrived at the top, he paused to see if he could hear her through her bedroom door. He cocked his head when he heard her voice. Although he couldn't make out the words, he could hear her speaking, then a playful laugh. He listened a while for another voice but heard none. She grew quiet and all was still. A cold feeling came to his stomach as he stood there waiting for a sound, any sound that would dissolve the dreadful thoughts he was having about what was going on beyond the door in front of him. The sounds that finally came did not send the horrible thoughts away, but instead solidified his fear.
With a mixture of anger and a cold dizziness, he threw open the door. Figures shuffled in the near darkness, attempting to hide the secret that had already been unfolded. One stood in the corner and one huddled to the center of the bed, seeking protection in the soft satin sheets. As his eyes adjusted to the light, he couldn't believe what he saw. His gaze moved slowly from the eyes of the sobbing Mirra in the center of her bed up to the eyes of a man he knew; a man he grew up with and trusted.
"Uritus?how could you?"
He could barely hear his own voice as the words came out on their own. The dizziness was growing stronger, so strong that it totally encompassed the rage that was burning in him only a moment before. Inside he felt as if he was being emptied of his soul, and darkness crept in to replace it, making a home of the remaining shell. He didn't even hear the pendant when it slipped from his hand and clattered to the floor.
"Rommus," Uritus said, drawing out his name in a long and mocking way, "I'm sorry." Through his blurry vision he thought he saw a smile come to the man's face.
Everything seemed to move so slowly. For an instant he thought to draw his sword, but his muscles refused to obey him. It was all he could do just to remain standing. After what seemed to be an eternity, he found his gaze on Mirra. Her eyes were wet with tears, but she sat straight and proud. He could not understand this at all.
Instead of an explanation or an apology, she cut him deeply with a cold remark. "Rommus, you need to go." Her eyes remained locked on his.
His head swam as he tried to think of what to do. He heard his own heart beating loudly in his ears. He had to remember to breathe. He looked up once more to Uritus standing there defiantly in the corner, his arms crossed.
"You heard the lady Rommus. You are not welcome here. Would you like me to show you where the door is? I am quite familiar with this house," Uritus said with a smile so evil that he couldn't believe this was the same man he knew. The same man who he played with as a child in the Emperor's Hall. This friend of many years with whom he shared so many memories.
"I¾ I¾" He couldn't complete a sentence. Horrible pain began to flood into his emptiness; a pain that no hand could comfort. The room seemed to shift suddenly to the left, but when he felt a jolt to his shoulder he realized that he had fallen into the side of the doorway. He stepped on something hard on the floor. When he moved his foot he saw that it was a small gold object. He watched it for a moment as a tear fell beside it. He blinked slowly as he tried to clear his head enough to do something about this situation. When he looked up, Mirra was in front of him.
"I'm sorry Rommus. I never meant for it to be this way. I never wanted to hurt you. Please just go."
He noticed suddenly that the door was closing in front of him. He stumbled back a step and caught himself on the railing behind him. There was nothing he could do to fix anything now. The only thing that would save him was waking up from this nightmare. Although he fought desperately to wake, his spirit clawing for the real world, no other world came. He found himself halfway down the stairs when pain hit him at his joints. He had fallen down the last few steps and laid there for a moment looking at the ceiling. His world was destroyed. He had nothing now, no reason to go on.
Somehow he managed to reach the door and open it. Outside a frigid wall of rain battered the streets, laying siege to the city. He looked to the sky and saw nothing but blackness as thunder rolled and shook Brinn in the darkness. He stepped out into the river of water rushing down the street and was immediately soaked to the bone from the unforgiving downpour. Any tears that may have escaped from his eyes were instantly lost in the cold streams of water running down his face. Stumbling away from the door he had left open, he walked the way he thought was the right way home. He almost instantly forgot where he was, with all the buildings looking the same in the driving rain. He turned to the only light he saw and realized it came from the very door he had left open. The pain he was feeling seemed unreal, so much worse than anything he ever imagined. His body and mind were giving up and not working together, but he struggled against his invisible foe and tried to stand tall. He looked inside Mirra's door for the last time and saw the candle sitting on the table, flickering and waving, completely unconcerned with the storm outside. For a second he wished for that kind of strength; to be able to stand tall and be unaffected by the unfairness in the world around him. He did his best to stand up straight against the angry rain. He thought he heard a female voice cry out, but it was distant and too weak to be sure he heard it at all. Ignoring the thought, he reached down deep inside himself and examined the pain he was feeling. 
Suddenly a different pain came to him; a sharp, white-hot agony in his stomach. His eyes closed for a second as he studied it. It was growing more intense at an alarming rate, so he made an effort to comfort himself by bringing a hand to his middle. A searing ache stung his hand and he looked down to determine the cause. The rain seemed to go away as all sound left his ears. By the dim candlelight he saw a blade, a gold blade, wet with blood and rain, protruding from his belly. The sharp point was probably what had hurt his hand. He could feel each raindrop as it landed on the weapon, jarring it ever so slightly. His insides felt as if they had turned to boiling water as he wondered if this was all real or just a dream.
The pain faded along with the light. He had always wondered what this moment would be like. He couldn't feel it when he fell to his knees and then facedown onto the rough cobblestone. Blood swam eagerly out into the river of water rushing around him. He always thought everything would fade to black, and it did. He found himself surrounded in silent emptiness as all thought slipped from his grasp.
Rommus died there that night at Mirra's door.



Chapter 11

Tannis paced back and forth in concern and frustration. For the last few weeks his suspicions had been growing, and now it seemed that the waves of unavoidable doom had finally reached the Medoran shores. But perhaps doom was too strong of a word for the situation. He had faith in his Legions, and knew that every last man would die before they let harm come to the Empire. He looked to the floor as his mind raced for solutions to endless scenarios. Normally he would clasp his hands behind his back as he pondered in this way, but today he wore his long black cape, which made the habit difficult. He knew that the men would see the gravity of the situation when they arrived and saw him dressed as if he was riding to war.
A cape was a nuisance, but it served his purpose. When the army saw him on the field charging off alone to the front line, they roared with determination. When the men were falling back, losing ground in battle, he rode out and inspired them. He could not be mistaken for anyone else, with his massive frame atop his giant warhorse, all black from hoof to helm. The sight frightened men on both sides of battle.
Even his sword was black; except for the sharp, gleaming edge. He moved on the field as if he were the shadow of a ghost, slaying anyone near him with great ease. His horse was as eager to ride to battle as he was, and no man seemed to be able to injure the beast. His name was Rhodiir, which in Old Medoran meant "shadow of the gods". While Rhodiir was called a warhorse, he was far too young to have seen an actual war, since peace had held with the neighboring nations for nearly 20 years. He had, however, seen plenty of skirmishes with Vindyri who were brave enough to cross the border and attempt an attack.
As he paced, Tannis thought that perhaps the time was near for Rhodiir to finally witness a war. He stopped, his cape curling around him, and looked up at the fresco on the wall in front of him. It was very old and poorly executed, so servants had begun chiseling the rock-hard plaster from the walls in order to make the wall ready for a better painting. The paint was not really paint at all, but finely ground minerals applied to wet plaster. The painter only had about one day to finish each section before the wall would not soak up any more pigment. The process fascinated him.
Like he always did with any subject, he compared the process to war. A change was coming. His enemies had been chiseling at the ways of old in order to replace what they saw as inferior with something to better suit their tastes. Their window of opportunity would be small, since any enemy would know that the eyes of Medora were ever-watchful, and the throats of the soldiers thirsty for war. These enemies were almost certainly Vindyri, but the moves could not have been made without Medorans who shared the vision of their ideal painting. The Vindyri woman imprisoned at the Star Legion barracks was his only link to information on the plot. When this meeting was over, he would return there and finish questioning her.
"Have the men not yet arrived?" a voice asked from behind him.
Tannis turned around. "No Emperor, not all of them. We await the Officers and Nobles from the nearby towns and cities. We sent word only yesterday, so some have not had enough time to get here." 
"We cannot afford to wait any longer. Let us go to the Forum and address the men who have already arrived."
"Yes my Lord."
The two of them left the room and made their way to the north side of the Emperor's Hall as Tannis's heavy boots sent sounds to echo from the marble walls. In some places, long carpets muted the noise while bringing the place to life with vibrant colors. People moved aside and bowed their heads slightly as the two of them passed. Soldiers saluted and stayed at attention until they were well out of sight. Respect was something that all people in Medora understood, even if some of them were unwilling to show it.
"We are mighty, my General. Medora has seen war before and crushed our enemies in battle. We have had our dark days in the past, and just as we did then, we will prevail now."
The Emperor was making an effort to address his concerns and comfort him, but Tannis thought the man was more likely saying these words to comfort himself. Tannis needed no comfort, only a sharp sword and an army behind him that was willing to follow him. He already had both of those things.
"General Tirinius," a man behind them called as he rushed over to them, "a Vindyri Ambassador has arrived. Shall I send him to the Forum?"
"Under no circumstances!" shouted Tannis. "Keep him out of the Emperor's Hall, and make no mention of this meeting whatsoever to him or any other Vindyri. Send men to guard him, one for every door and window in the place, understood?"
The man looked confused, but saluted. "Yes Lord Tirinius, right away." He turned to leave but stopped suddenly. "Oh, General, I do have other news as well. The Vindyri woman we captured escaped¾"
Anger flashed in Tannis's eyes. "How can this be?" he interrupted.
"No one is certain, sir, but rest assured, we caught her before she could leave the barracks. We locked her away in the pit so that she would not be able to escape again. Commander Soterus had us release the other women once she was locked away. Everything is under control now, but the Commander wanted you to be informed of the situation."
Without a word, Tannis turned and continued on, anger still roaring behind his eyes. When they walked down the hall and turned the corner, Tannis finally spoke. "These fools will ruin everything. All it takes is a few simple mistakes and the whole of the Empire will fall. We already have enough to deal with without blundering idiots running into walls trying to find a woman in their own barracks."
"It is easy to see the problems in the details, Tannis. But look at the big picture. We are taking steps to avoid this conflict already. Our wheels are forever in motion, not stuck in the mud."
Tannis thought to mention the horrible storm of the night before and all the mud it created, but he thought it was better to hold his tongue. He didn't want the Emperor to be offended, nor did he want him to think he was off daydreaming about symbolism during such a serious time. By morning the storm had waned to little more than a drizzle, but it still carried with it a chill that was uncommon in these parts during the summer. As they passed a window he looked out into the dull gray mist. Days like this seemed to pull all the color from the world, leaving it quiet and dead.
They came to a large set of ornate doors where two guards stood. Upon their arrival, the guards pulled the heavy doors open and returned to their posts. Marble steps covered in bright red carpeting led them down to the lower level at the north side of the Emperor's Hall. The Forum and all the surrounding rooms in the North Hall were dug deep into the foot of the nearby mountain, making the chambers a very quiet and very well-protected place. The rest of the buildings and roads were built on top of the mountain as it rose ever so slightly to the sky. This far south in Medora, the mountains were tall, but did not rise abruptly like the ranges to the north. The sheer walls of those northern mountains stretched into Vindyrion and kept people from entering the Land of the Gods.
They finally came to the doors of the Forum, and two more guards heaved them open. Inside the semi-circular room was nearly filled with men talking loudly amongst themselves. Some of them were clearly angry with one another, but most were simply complaining and carrying on like they normally did when called to the Forum. A hush fell over them when they saw Tannis in his black cape enter the room with the Emperor following.
Tannis took his time looking up into the crowd, meeting as many eyes as he could. He made sure to convey his seriousness and anger so that these men would know this was no ordinary matter of governance with which they could play their petty games. Most of the men shrank back with a mixture of fear and respect, but some rolled their eyes at the spectacle like they usually did. He made sure to stare at those men the longest.
Taking the center of the floor in front of the Emperor's podium, he finally spoke. "Fellow citizens of Medora," he said in his booming voice, "we have called you here on a matter of great urgency, so you will pardon me as I skip the usual formalities. There are some among you who know what is going on, but most of you do not. I bring you news of war coming to our nation."
The people began nervously chatting, but he quieted them with a raised hand. "We have seen great dust clouds raised by marching men on the eastern front for many days. Today is the first day in nearly a week that we have not detected this movement, but the rains are to blame for that. It is our estimate that at least half the Vindyri army advances west, but we cannot be sure."
"The Vindyri are free to move where they will in their lands," a fat Noble stated. "It is not our duty to stop them from moving their forces or training them."
"It is our duty to protect our people, Barchetto," Tannis snapped. To his surprise, many of them men voiced their discontent with the statement.
"Why should we send our men to war with little more than smoke in the air as proof of hostility?" another man asked.
"That is not all the proof," the Emperor said as he rested his hands on his podium. "A Vindyri has made an attempt on General Tirinius's life. An attempt was made on his son as well, though we do not know much about either. We fear the city of Brinn is full of spies and assassins, and the time has come for them to make their moves."
Barchetto laughed loudly. "So it's a personal thing then. You are angry because someone got the better of you and your son, Tirinius."
"This is a matter of importance for all of us, not for just me. Does it not make sense to you, Barchetto, that an assassin would strike at the heart of his enemy, as well as the hand carrying the sword? The Vindyri know that they cannot confront us face to face, so they send villains to chip away at our strengths and bring us to our knees before bringing war to our doorsteps. The troops on the move could not yet know that their attempt to kill me has failed."
"And what of your son, Tirinius? What do the Vindyri need with him? He is as unimportant in Medora as he is in Vindyrion, you know this," said Barchetto down his nose to the General.
"You will speak with respect to the General and my father, Barchetto, or I will personally throw you from this Hall," Uritus said as he emerged from a corner. "And it makes sense to me to harm the son of the General. Such an unfortunate event might very well shake the will of any man, and in turn, his army."
"You see, my son is wise beyond his years. Even he sees the storm coming when you all refuse to," Piro said as he smiled to his son.
"Not all of us refuse to, Emperor," the Earth Legion Commander said. "I support your war, even if it has not yet come to our borders." Many men voiced the same opinion.
"A war with Vindyrion will disrupt trade between the nations," Barchetto explained. "We cannot afford to lose the business with them, let alone the foods and grains we purchase from them. And on the other side of the coin, their nation would be in much worse shape if they should lose trade with us." He smiled smugly, content with the point he had made.
"Barchetto, you should be less concerned with food, grain and coins, and pay attention to the larger picture," Tannis retorted sharply. "If a nation is comfortable in their strength, they will risk losing such trade because they feel they can destroy their enemy and simply take whatever they want. To assume an enemy is weak or unwilling to attack only opens the doorway for them to make moves against you in secret. Luckily for you, I have been looking to the east while you have been staring at your dinner plate." Most of the room laughed at Barchetto and his love of food.
The Emperor raised his hands to silence the crowd. "Barchetto does have a point. Regardless of what we think they will do, the Vindyri have built a strong nation alongside us, and we have been at peace for many years. But I must remind you that years ago, when we were at war with them, we still thrived. We always have, even during wars long forgotten. To shatter the peace seems reckless to me, but perhaps there are reasons for the recent events that we have simply not yet uncovered."
"We might have uncovered reasons if my scouts in Vindyrion would return, but they, along with any of our Ambassadors are suspiciously delayed," said Tannis as he turned to the Emperor, "All of these events together are cause for alarm, even if separately they are not."
"I say we should go to war, or at least build the threat of war so as to knock some sense back into the Vindyri," said Uritus, "Perhaps putting a little fear in their hearts will convince them to lower their prices along with their swords."
"Well put Uritus, but I do not call this nation to war." Tannis pushed his cape back to rest his hand on the hilt of his sword. "I only warn its people of a threat that I have felt. I ask only for everyone to be alert and tell as many citizens as you can of the danger. The Legions will prepare, but we will not strike unless the enemy is truly intent on doing us harm. Trust no Vindyri living in our lands."
"How dare you blame the innocent?" Barchetto muttered.
"I do not condemn them, Barchetto. I simply refuse to let them near enough to put another blade in my gut. There is no crime in being careful."
"It is wrong to assume that all Vindyri are evil. You base your actions on ignorance and rage," Barchetto said as he tried to pick something from his teeth.
"If you wish to see rage, Barchetto, I will show it to you. If you wish to see ignorance, I suggest you look inside your own heart. Accepting everyone and everything is not a virtue. It will lead to our ruin."
Barchetto remained silent and instead made his statement by flicking the piece of food from his teeth in Tannis's general direction. His sour face was ugly and it seemed as if it was forever locked in a gruesome sneer. Tannis thought about how great it would feel to rearrange that face with his fists, but as always, Tannis remained calm and collected.
After a short silence, the Emperor spoke. "So it is done. We will prepare for war. I command it, the General enforces it, and the people support it. Go now and warn the people of the coming storm. We will arrange to send riders to the distant cities as well."
The members of the Forum began filing out the doors as they talked and argued with each other. Tannis saw the guard that had informed him of the Vindyri's escape waiting outside the open doors. He waved him over to where he and the Emperor stood. Tannis wished he was better with names, but there were just too many soldiers to keep track of.
"Soldier, where have you sent the Vindyri Ambassador?"
"I instructed four guards to escort him to the Inn on Pike's Row, although I am sure they have not yet arrived."
"Was there anything suspicious or unusual about the man?"
The soldier brought his hand to his chin as he thought. "No Lord Tirinius, his actions and his appearance seemed normal as far as I could tell."
Tannis turned his back and faced the Emperor. "You are dismissed soldier."
"As you wish, Lord Tirinius." The man saluted and left the room.
"What do you make of this Tannis? I mean the Ambassador's arrival," asked the Emperor, still leaning on his podium.
"There are three possibilities. He is here to inform us of a declaration of war, to explain the movement of troops, or we are wrong about the situation entirely."
"I think it would be foolish to send an Ambassador to tell us of their plan, so in my mind that leaves us with two reasons to pick from."
"I believe the most rational answer is that he is here to explain the movement of troops, however I do not think any word from his mouth with hold an ounce of truth. I will go there now and question him. I will return and report my findings to you within the hour."


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Tannis arrived at the Inn on Pike's Row after he sent guards to search all the nearby streets. Another attack from an assassin was not what he needed, and he intended to make sure he was safe so that he could organize the campaign against Vindyrion. Armed guards escorted him to the door of the Inn where they stopped and stood watch. Tannis entered the Inn, which was called The Noble Inn, since it was a favorite of the Nobles that lived there on Pike's Row. It was made of wood and plaster, not marble like most of Brinn. The original owner had probably wanted a warm and inviting place instead of a cold stone building, and most likely paid a tiny percent of what a stone building would have cost. Rough-cut lumber supported the ceilings, held up by more of the irregular wood that lined the hallways. Guards stood all over, and when he approached the innkeeper to ask which room the man was in, he was too frightened to speak, and simply pointed to the closed door at the end of a long hallway. Tannis nodded and made his way down the corridor, his eyes fixed on the plain wooden door.
A guard at the door saluted and moved aside, and Tannis entered without knocking. A man sat in a chair with his hands folded in his lap. He had long, wavy blonde hair, which Tannis always found strange. It was a peculiar custom they held in Vindyrion, and he could not understand why any man in his right mind would want anything but short hair. He thought it must be dreadful in battle, flinging this way and that, perpetually blocking the view of one's attackers. A lot of their army, however, had learned that keeping their hair short was the best idea. The man sat in the chair quietly and looked up at the towering Tannis.
"Do you know who I am?" Tannis asked.
"No, I am sorry sir, I do not. You wear black, yet you are not Vindyri."
"No I am Medoran, but I have not come to you to talk about my choice of attire."
"Then what have you come for? I am Andrew, by the way," the man said as he started to stand.
"Remain seated," Tannis snapped, "I am Commanding General of the Medoran Legions. What business have you here in Medora?"
"I must say sir, the hospitality in Medora is quite lacking."
"You will answer my questions as soon as I ask them," Tannis said as he took a threatening step toward Andrew.
The man recoiled in fear, holding his arms up between his face and Tannis. "Please sir, I mean no disrespect. I am unarmed, and you are such a large man. I can do you no harm."
Tannis relaxed a little but made sure the man could see that he was resting his hand on the hilt of his sword. "Your answer then?"
"I am here on an errand from the King himself. He has instructed me to deliver a message to the Emperor."
"You will not be speaking with the Emperor. You will speak to me."
"But sir, I have very specific instructions. I must speak to the Emperor, and the matter is urgent."
In an instant Tannis pulled the man out of the chair and held him in the air, his arms grabbing and legs flailing "I will ask you once more, and that will be the last time," Tannis said through gritted teeth. "What business have you in Medora?"
"Please sir, let me down. I'm sorry I don't mean to offend." The man stumbled back when Tannis released him, and he nearly fell over the chair. "I have come to ask for assistance. Our army¾"
"Your army moves. I have seen them advancing westward," Tannis interrupted.
"No sir, you are mistaken. The army moves to the west, yes, but it does not advance, it retreats."
"Retreats? From your eastern border with Bhoor-Rahn? I have heard no word of any war between your people. I thought that the Vindyri were quite accepting of the Bhoors."
"Our nation welcomes them, yes, but not all Vindyri are fond of the idea. They live among us, and we do our best to live alongside them and accept their ways, but I fear that we have allowed them too much freedom in our land, and their army has stung us at our eastern border while we were relaxed and content in our ways. We have been manipulated and tricked, and although we are not certain, we feel that the Bhoors living in Vindyrion have orchestrated a rebellion to coincide with the war from the east. Our army rushed to the front, but we were unprepared and we lost many thousands of men. They retreated in waves, leaving some to face the enemy as the others made their way to their home soil. Many brave men died so that their fellow soldiers could live."
"And what of the Bhoors living among you? Has your King found it necessary to punish or banish them from your lands?"
"No. As you mentioned before, we are an accepting people. They are free to live among us just as many Medorans do. I live near several Bhoors, and they are peaceful, friendly people that would never harm a soul."
"Yes it seems that they are only interested in your safety," Tannis remarked with unhidden sarcasm. "What makes you think that Medora will ride to war to engage an enemy that Vindyrion alone seems to have angered?"
"We come as neighbors and friends. Peace has held between us for nearly half of my life. The King is willing to offer 20 percent of the spoils of war to Medora."
Tannis laughed loudly. "Have you been to Bhoor-Rahn, Ambassador? Have you seen the land and all its riches? There is nothing there. There is not enough gold or jewels to line the pockets of ten men here in Medora. And if we were to go to war with you, we would demand 80 percent of the spoils. You obviously are in no position to bargain with anyone."
"Again, sir, you are mistaken. Of course we have very little to go on, but we are aware of a great treasure kept by the Bhoors. There are other lands beyond Bhoor-Rahn where they could have acquired such things as gold and jewels. Just because those lands are not on our maps does not mean they are not there to plunder."
Tannis stood silently as he thought. He believed the man was being honest with him, but a clever King might send an uninformed fool with a false message in order to lull his enemy into a feeling of security. This man's words would not change the plan to prepare for war, but in the end it might change who would feel the bite from the Medoran Legions. There were still pieces that didn't fit well, like the assassination attempts and the missing scouts. He would need time to think on the matter.
"If what you say is true, Andrew, then I owe you an apology. I hope you understand that you will not have it until I find the truth. I will need to discuss these matters with the Emperor, and if he sees fit, I will bring you before him to speak with him. You will remain here in Medora until further notice, not as a prisoner, but as a guest."
"I thank you¾" Andrew paused, "You never told me your name sir."
"You may call me General Tirinius."
The man looked shocked. "Tirinius? Like in the Book of Oderion?"
"What are you talking about? There is no mention of that name in that book. I have read it countless times."
Andrew looked confused and stared off at a wall in thought. "Perhaps I am mistaken sir. I am not very familiar with the book, but I thought I remembered the name."
"Perhaps you confuse it with Terinopus, god of life. The one holding the pair of balances."
"Yes, maybe that's it. It has been a long time since I have heard the stories from that book. Anyway, I thank you, General Tirinius, for your time and these accommodations. I hope to be able to speak with your Emperor soon, and I hope that you find it in your hearts to help us." He reached out his hand to shake hands with the giant man that stood in front of him.
Tannis turned on a heel and left.



Chapter 12

He sat drumming his fingers on the wooden throne where his fathers sat before him. Not many were aware that anyone sat there but him, since it was a carefully guarded secret that he in fact was mortal. For hundreds of years, they had cultivated the idea that he and all of his fathers before him were the same person, creating the illusion of immortality. It was not easy to keep up the charade, since anyone who saw the older leader would certainly notice when he was replaced with a man many years younger. To counter the complications, they were forced to mate at the youngest age possible, keeping the age gap small. They also attempted to mask any differences in appearance with a thick beard, and usually a hooded cloak over the head. In some cases, a scarf or other cloth was used to cover the face. If people were especially suspicious, they could always be killed.
He knew that by having a child he was in danger of losing his power, so when he was younger, he killed the only child he brought into the world, right after he murdered his father. He was the first to attempt such a bold move in hundreds of years, and to his surprise, no one who knew his secret of immortality dared to question his decisions or force him to have another child. He had always thought that the man sitting in the throne was controlled by men behind it, and while that might have been the case for his fathers, no one but he wielded any power in his land.
He looked to the cloth coverings on the walls that held images from the ancient past. He was very bored with the look of the grand room, and decided then and there that he would have new scenes sewn into new fabric to hang in his throne room. While he was at it, he would change a few things so that history would see him shine even brighter. No one would question it.
Behind the fabric were strong walls made of stone. His people rarely built with stone because they lacked the necessary knowledge, but also because suitable stone for building was difficult to find in these parts. Most of the time the brittle rock would shatter and break when it was being pulled from a quarry, so not many stone buildings stood. This particular building was made by the Vindyri more than 200 years before when they controlled these lands. His face soured when he thought of the people.
Unlike the rulers before him, he intended to do all he could to become truly immortal; not as a hero lives forever, but as a man who truly never dies. He went to great lengths to find all the books he could, hiding them from all others. He knew that knowledge was the ultimate power, and if there was a secret to living forever, he would find it. He prayed every day that Rohni would guide him to it. 
He stared down at his drumming fingers. They were long and reminded him of the graceful movements of a spider. He brought his other hand up to his long face and caressed his bearded chin in thought. On the inside, he was frustrated that he had not yet received his reports, but he remained calm and collected on the outside. Over all, he was a patient man, knowing that each tiny step toward his goal was getting him closer, even if it was painfully slow. After years of planning, the wheels were finally beginning to turn and his plan was springing to life.
"Zidaoz, the messenger is here," a man said from the doorway open to the bright sun outside. "Will you see him now?"
Zidaoz was the word that meant "ruler" or "king" in Bhoor-Rahn. He was never given a name at birth, and instead he simply answered to the title, being the closest thing he had to a name. Instead of giving a reply, he just nodded.
The man exited and another man appeared. He was not draped in robes like most Bhoors preferred, but in travel clothes, similar to what the soldiers wore, but without any of the leather and simple plate armor. The strength and weakness of the Bhoors was their great number; there were enough men to cover the world in a swarm, but there were too many to provide them all with adequate armor.
"Zidaoz," the man said as he bowed deeply, "I have come with news from the west."
"Tell me your news, traveler," Zidaoz said as he threaded his fingers together and rested his elbows on his throne.
"Things go according to plan. The Vindyri have been retreating for days. Much blood has been spilled, but our numbers remain strong."
"Excellent. Follow the Vindyri and kill them until the sun sets four days from now, then return to Bhoor-Rahn. Do not attack them unless they attempt to follow you across the Dori Plains into our land. There will not be many. Once you are able to look over your shoulder and not see them on the horizon, take 100 men south and make for the southern wall."
"As you command Zidaoz," the man said as he bowed again.
"Go now, and make haste. Rohni demands it."
He watched the man run through the doorway and out into the bright sun. He was grateful that there were few in his land that needed to be closely watched. All were loyal to him. All worshipped Rohni without question. Every man could be trusted to commit himself utterly to the cause. His long rounded teeth showed as he smiled to himself.
He rose from his wooden throne and stretched his long arms and legs. He walked down the five steps covered with decorative carpet and turned right, heading for the private rooms in his palace. The throne room had no door, and was open to the public in an attempt to symbolize the openness of the Zidaoz to his people. He laughed out loud at the absurd notion. Nothing was further from the truth. His laughter was muted in the hallways covered in cloth.
He came at last to his private chambers. Ten guards stood in the hallway leading to the doorway that had no door, but only a heavy cloth to cover the entrance. None of the guards looked his way, knowing that if their eyes fell upon him, they would be tortured and killed. His personal guards were only supposed to focus on threats to their leader, not their leader himself. None of them ever spoke. 
Once inside the candlelit room, he sat in the center of the floor and crossed his legs in front of a solid gold bowl filled with water. After a long prayer to Rohni, he began to chant, staring into the water before him. He focused his concentration until the room around him began to darken, and everything in the room gave way to shadow. From the darkness came the light of thousands of stars, making him squint as brightness suddenly filled the room. He floated in the air as if he were a star himself, shining in the midnight sky.
Stars whirled by as he searched for the one he was looking for. Colors surrounded large clusters like unmoving smoke, bathing him in different colors of light. Each star felt different, each cluster was unique in its beauty. Finally he came to the star he was looking for. He approached it, and as he got closer, all the others faded. Soon the room was black as pitch except for the silver star before him. He called to it, prodded it, spoke to it until finally it too faded to black. In its place stood a figure that was barely visible. Knowing he now had the figure's attention, he spoke to it.
"I have done what we have planned. The Vindyri are now retreating, and soon I will meet my men at the southern wall to wake the Dirujen. I trust that you are holding up your end of the bargain?"
A quiet voice came as if it was an echo muted by soft earth. "Things are developing as planned. Much has happened to slow us, but we will soon have full control. You should know that the southern wall is not the true wall, as it is only made of stone and made to keep people from walking into danger. Beyond the wall, past the horizon is the true barrier."
"I am aware of the location of the Dirujen and the others. As I said things are going according to plan," Zidaoz said as his irritation rose slightly. The man's lack of confidence in him frustrated him greatly.
"I still await word from the others," said the quiet voice. "They are not as fortunate as you and I, and cannot use magic to communicate. Their riders should arrive in the next day or so."
"Their cooperation is integral to the plan. Should they decide to rebel, or lose heart, all will be lost," Zidaoz reminded the man, although he was certain that he knew the stakes involved.
"They will remain loyal, Zidaoz. Their future and the lives of their children depend on it. They know that it is too late to change their minds. Doing so would bring doom to their people." The figure seemed to look over its shoulder. "I must go now Zidaoz, someone approaches."
The black form swirled and faded to the shadows as the room lit brightly again with starlight. He moved with tremendous speed past them until finally he found himself on the floor, his legs twisted uncomfortably beneath him. He righted himself and started to stand, but saw drops of blood on the floor. Reaching to his face, he realized his nose was bleeding. There was always some price to pay for using magic, but a bloody nose was hardly an expensive one. After all, he had found a secret world between worlds where he could contact many people who had a knowledge of magic. When he discovered how, he would contact Rohni through that world, but until then he would use the world for his own purposes. He searched every day for a star that was hidden, or one that shone brighter, always hoping it would be his god. So far, he found that there were endless humans connected to that shadow world, but he found no god there.
He pulled himself together and stood, wiping his nose, only slightly dizzy from the ordeal. He wasn't sure why, but using magic was getting easier each time he tried it, even if he didn't seem to be gaining any power. There was a connection that he felt that was deeper and more intense than he ever suspected, and each time he gave himself over to the magic, he came closer and closer to the origin of the power. He hoped when he finally reached that center that he would find Rohni, and through their connection, he could finally walk the earth among mankind. This was his ultimate goal, for Rohni would surely grant him the gift of immortality if he was able to create such a pathway for him.
At times, he thought he could feel the presence of the god. It made him feel weak, as if the burden of carrying his flesh around with him slowed and hindered him. It was a cold feeling, not a cold presence, but rather a warm one, making his human body with all its blood and bones feel cold and dead by comparison. When he felt this way, he prayed for a full day, begging Rohni to appear and guide him. So far Rohni had not found the need to make himself or his wishes known, but each time it filled his soul with faith and courage, like cool water filling an empty well.
Zidaoz found himself running his fingers over the spines of the books he had in the room. This was only a small collection compared to the vast treasures of books elsewhere in his palace, but these were rare and special. Many of them were books on strategy and history, but some were books of magic. By learning to eliminate rules of nature, he was able to unlock the secret that had led him to the shadow world. All the information was right there at the tips of his long fingers, and no man had ever before put the pieces together. He trembled with excitement as he considered what other realities he could create with all the pieces he had collected. He needed only to arrange them in the ways he saw fit, and the world would bend to his will.
He slid a red book from the collection and carefully opened it. There was no title, and in fact no words written in it whatsoever. The reader had to have a wealth of knowledge before he was able to actually see the letters that were hidden by magic. He dove deep inside his soul and searched for the feeling he sought. He couldn't explain how to do it even if he had someone to explain it to; it was more like a feeling than an action. He searched inside himself until he found his center, which he pictured as a rope hanging in the darkness. He imagined that there was a round stone with a hole in it hanging on the rope, and by moving it up and down in his mind he could connect to different corridors leading to different abilities. In his mind he slid the stone up the rope to the proper position, and when he opened his eyes he saw the words appear on the pages. He went to a table and sat, placing the book in front of him. He would need to study this book if he was going to attempt to wake the Dirujen. To his knowledge, it had never been attempted before, but since he knew that the history of Bhoor-Rahn was riddled with false information -like his immortality--he knew it was possible that it had not only been attempted in the past, but actually accomplished.
He wasn't sure what the beast would look like or how it would behave, but he intended to be the only one to have any control over it. He wanted to be able to use the Dirujen in the coming war, but he also wanted to have the power to destroy his allies should they decide to turn on him. He smiled at the notion of destroying them when the war was over anyway, but such matters were for another day.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


His days were filled with endless distractions. It was a Burden being such an important figure because he lost the luxury of solitude. At least none of the other Mages knew about his relationship with Mirra. They would never find him there because it was a secret that only they shared. At all other times, however, he was either busy at some unimportant meeting with his father, or tending to his plan with the other Mages.
The latest distraction was a Mage who came to interrupt him while he was in the shadow world. He detested returning to the real world where his body felt heavy and weak, but each time he visited he was able to gather strength from the realm and carry it back with him. Power surged through him and made his blood tingle, but the feeling was ruined as he realized he had to deal with the man behind him.
"What is it?" Uritus asked without turning to face the man.
"I am sorry to bother you, Red Master, but we found something in one of the books. We cannot be certain, but there is an obscure reference to the location of the armor."
"Why can you not be certain?"
"The pages are old, Red Master, and a few are missing. There is only one small section with any relevant information, and it is written in Old Medoran. The translation has been difficult."
Uritus finally turned to the man. "And what does the passage say?"
"We think it says that the armor is hidden in Medora, encased in stone. That doesn't help much, but there is also the word 'first' on the next page before the damaged pages become illegible. From what we can gather, the armor is hidden in a wall or building, possibly the first structure of its kind in Medora."
"Very good, Brother. I am pleased with your progress. Have men search the records at the Great Library in Taburdum and find out which structures were the first built in Medora."
"I have already sent men to the old capital to do this, Red Master. I await their return. However there is a good possibility that the reference in the book is wrong, or that our guess as to what it means is wrong."
Uritus stretched his neck from side to side. "I am aware of that Brother. I do not expect to find it any time soon. We will go forward with the plan as we intended. The armor can wait."
"As you command, Red Master. The purple Mages have been assembled and waiting since yesterday. They ask if you are ready."
"No, not yet. There is more to be done than I expected. They are free to go until sunset tomorrow, but when they return, they must be prepared to remain here for several days. I cannot know how long the preparations will take. This has never been done before."
"Of course, Red Master. We humbly do your bidding and serve Inshae faithfully. I will deliver your commands to them at once."
The man left the room and left Uritus alone with the four silent walls. He used his power to close the door from a distance and pushed his hood off of his head to rest on his shoulders. He pulled the golden pendant that hung around his neck from his robes and stared at the intricate carving of the rock, sun and sea. Mirra hadn't noticed the little treasure that Rommus had dropped, and when he saw it he took it.
The gold pendant reminded him of the other gold item in the room, and he went to the long wooden table at the far wall. On it, covered in black satin cloth, was the sword of Arius, still covered in dry, crusty blood. He carefully moved the fabric off of the weapon to gaze upon it once more. If the blade cut his skin, even a tiny cut, it would send him into eternal blackness, away from the gods. He would not even go to Morendiir, the city of the dead, but simply into the infinite oblivion. The weapon frightened him terribly, but he was unable to pull himself away from it. It fascinated him that it was made by the gods, and put here on earth in order to allow the gods to maintain a connection to the mortal plain. He was proud of his discovery of that information, and it drove him to study the subject with a fiery intensity. He found out that not only were there artifacts from the gods hidden all over the world, but also treasures of a different kind.
Treasures in bloodlines.



Chapter 13

Tannis was furious. He could not believe that his men had lost the Vindyri assassin. The woman in the pit looked a little like her, and she was bruised and bloodied, but it was not the right girl. They had told him that they found her running in the halls with the sword she had stolen from a guard, the guard he left to watch her in his office at the Star Legion barracks. When that guard saw the woman they captured, he insisted that it was her and he demanded that he be allowed to punish her. His pride was obviously damaged, as was his nose. But instead of granting him the privilege of punishing his attacker, he was sent to the pit himself for a week for losing such an important prisoner. Tannis's plans were turning to sand, slipping from his fingers, and he didn't have time to get all the information he needed.
He knew there was something wrong with the whole situation, but he couldn't see the entire picture. Nothing seemed to line up like it should, and at every turn he ran into walls. He hoped that this meeting would bring some light to his dilemma, and that many minds would see things that a single mind might miss. He waited silently for the Commanders of all the Legions at a desk outside his office in the large circular room at the Star Legion barracks. There were riders speeding word to the other military leaders in other cities, but there was not much news to deliver. He could only tell them that he feared war was coming, and that all men should be alert and on guard.
He had arranged for Andrew to be brought to the barracks so that the Emperor could speak with him if he desired. He was taken to one of the nicer rooms and given food and wine, and told that anything he needed would be brought to him if he asked. It seemed he was a kind man, but a frightened one. Tannis didn't think it was because he had malicious intentions and was nervous, but rather that he saw the Medoran army stir like a giant hornets nest shortly after his arrival. Nervousness was to be expected.
As he waited, he used the time to finish the reports he had neglected for the last two days. It didn't matter if war was coming or not, Medora was a busy place and countless things needed to be done if the Empire was going to function properly. Most things like laws, trade regulations, discrepancies over ownership, etc were managed by others beneath him, but he insisted that any matter that involved the army in any way be brought to his desk so that he could check it as well. He also sent anything non-military directly to the Emperor. Aside from that, there was always the matter of keeping track of payments to the troops. A large blue book was always on his desk waiting for final approvals for payments and expenditures.
The Emperor finally walked in from the far corridor with seven men behind him. Each Commander of the seven Legions had been called to this meeting to be informed of the latest events and to allow them to state their opinions and ideas on the matter. He knew each of the men and what they did, but he cursed himself as he looked at them and realized he was somewhat unsure of most of their names. He decided to call them by rank instead of by name. They all sat down at the long table that had been brought into the room and faced their General. The Emperor remained standing off to the side.
"Gentlemen, thank you for coming so quickly," Tannis said as he stood. "By now you have been informed of the Vindyri troops marching west. Our suspicions concerning the matter have been confirmed. The Vindyri army moves."
"Did they dispatch riders with a declaration of war?" one of the men asked.
"No, there has been no formal declaration of any kind, but do not assume that that means they do not intend to attack. It is foolish to expect a nation to allow us such a courtesy."
"Is there proof of hostility?" another man asked. Tannis knew this particular man's name.
"Well, Commander Soterus, some proof escaped these very walls two days ago. Perhaps you remember the Vindyri you released?"
The heavy-set man looked embarrassed and his eyes darted around at the other men. "It was a mistake, General. I assume responsibility for my actions. Whatever punishment you see fit will be carried out immediately."
"We don't have time for that now, Soterus. I need everyone together and actively preparing for this war. To answer your question, no, there is no proof of hostility, and in fact just last night an Ambassador from Vindyrion came with an explanation for the movement of troops."
"Sounds suspicious to me," the Fire Legion Commander stated as he put his elbows on the table. "Seems like they are trying to calm us before a strike." The men nodded their heads at the comment.
Tannis put his hands behind his back and began pacing. "That is certainly a possibility, but I think we need to look deeper into the matter. I don't think they are so foolish as to consider us so easy to trick. I think that either their plan is much broader, or the Ambassador speaks the truth. Regardless of what the actual truth is, I do believe that the Ambassador believes his own words."
"The King may be feeding him lies," Soterus said.
"That was my first thought. There is no way to know yet. We have no information out of Vindyrion except for this man. No scouts have returned, and the Vindyri assassin is missing. She is probably too far from Brinn for us to ever catch her now."
"Well what did the Ambassador have to say?" asked the Wind Legion Commander as he leaned back in his chair and rested his hand on the pommel of his sword.
"He claims that the Vindyri are in fact headed west, however they do not attack. They retreat from their own eastern border from war with Bhoor-Rahn."
In a room full of Nobles, such a statement would cause a loud, nervous chatter. These warriors looked shocked, but made no sound. They looked at each other and then focused again on Tannis. The Bhoors were a distant people that no one knew much about, and no Commander in the room had ever ridden to war against them. The only two present who had fought any Bhoors were Tannis and the Emperor, and that was many years before. Although the Vindyri were willing to accept the Bhoors into their nation, Medorans were not. From the violent wars of the past, they had learned their lessons and remembered them well. Nothing good came from the land, not an invention, not a single productive citizen, no trade, no gold; nothing of value to anyone. The Bhoors were bent on spreading oppression and committed to forcing their way of life on the peoples of the world. They had been beaten back into their land several times in the past, left to suffer alone with no trade or help from the people to their west. Neither Medora nor Vindyrion noticed that they had been growing and preparing for war for nearly 20 years. There was no way to determine how powerful they were or how many men fought in the army, but unfortunately the Vindyri were probably going to find out.
After a long silence, Commander Soterus cleared his throat and spoke. "Does he tell us this so that his people do not get squeezed between the hammer of the Bhoors and the anvil of Medora? Or does he wish for us to come to his aid?"
"His claim is that the King calls upon us as a friend and ally to help them in their time of need. If the story is true, I respect the decision made to fight the Bhoors without asking for assistance first. However with our scouts having gone missing, there is no reason we should trust the Vindyri. Who else could have captured or killed them?"
The Earth Legion Commander answered Tannis's question. "It is possible that the Bhoors living in Vindyrion made moves against our scouts there. They might have done this in order to make us believe that the Vindyri killed them and are coming to wage war against Medora. It is in the best interest of the Bhoors to make us believe that Vindyrion is our enemy."
"And it is in the best interest of the Vindyri to keep Medora as an ally," the Water Legion Commander said. "I am beginning to believe the Ambassador really does tell the truth." He crossed his arms as if the statement closed any argument.
"I agree that makes the best sense," the Emperor said as he walked before the table to address the men. "This is all very confusing, but I think that was the intention of those who orchestrated these events. We must remember that the Vindyri have stood between us and Bhoor-Rahn for many years. They are an ally even if they protected us unwillingly. Our trade with them has made them prosperous and happy. Even though we encounter rebel Vindyri from time to time, I cannot imagine that they would turn their backs on us and coax us into war in this way. I believe they really are in danger and need our help if they are going to survive."
"And what of the Vindyri assassin sent for General Tirinius?" one of the men asked.
The Emperor stroked his chin as he thought. "It seems to me that it was a rash move based on rather shallow ideas meant to shake the foundations of the military. I think an assassin would be better used if he -or she--is aimed at the leader of a nation, not its military. To kill an Emperor might topple the Empire, although that is not likely here in these times. But to kill the General, especially one so respected, would probably only enrage the army and unleash the full wrath upon the opposing nation. I think the Vindyri know us well enough to know our beliefs, and if it was their intent to destroy us, I think they would have sent the assassin to kill me, not General Tirinius. It is more likely that the Bhoors have somehow convinced this Vindyri woman to come to Medora and kill Tannis, so that we would assume that King Weryn of Vindyrion sent her, and the full wrath of the Medoran army would be directed at the Vindyri. This would crush them from both sides. They would have no chance of survival."
"That all makes sense," Tannis said as he leaned on the desk. "It might not all be true, but we don't have much time to react if we intend to assist the Vindyri. Are there any suggestions?"
Commander Soterus spoke up. "It would be foolish to send a large portion of the army so far from Medora. I think we should send 1000 soldiers to assist in battle and send riders with them to speed news back and forth."
Tannis shook his head. "I agree that we must not send a large number, but if half of the Vindyri army retreats, then a massive force follows them. I would not send any less than 20,000 men."
"General Tirinius, that's a quarter of a Legion!" Commander Soterus said, "You would risk such a number?"
"To destroy Bhoors, yes. The more of them that are dead, the better. In addition to that, we will take 80 percent of the spoils, and we will demand a large payment from the Vindyri as well. We will take whatever amount we decide is large enough to be significant, but small enough to allow them to maintain their economy so that their trade with us will not be interrupted. Such a price is worth sending 20,000 men."
"But 80 percent of spoils in Bhoor-Rahn is 80 percent of dirt and wind," one of the men said as the others laughed.
"Yes it's true that they are known to have very little, but the Ambassador claims that they do hold some wealth now. I find it very hard to believe that they could raise an army large enough to send the Vindyri running if they had nothing but dirt and wind to pay their soldiers." The men all nodded at the remark. He was thankful that all of the information the men had offered was making sense and that his puzzle was finally coming together.
"So what are your orders, General Tirinius?" asked Commander Soterus.
"As punishment for losing the Vindyri assassin, you will lead 20,000 of your men to the front lines of the battle. You will leave at once and return with the spoils when you have crushed the enemy. Is that understood?"
Commander Soterus bowed his head deeply, speaking in a quiet voice. "As you command, General Tirinius."
"The rest of you are to each send a band of assassins to the corners of Medora looking for the Vindyri that Commander Soterus lost. Go to Rommus and have him equip them with his finest blades. The army will pay him for the weapons as soon as the books have been gone over and the expenses have been added. For now I will give him 20 gold pieces for his trouble. You all have your orders, now go."
The men all stood and saluted, then left through the same corridor they came in. Tannis sat in his chair and put his head in his hand in thought.
The Emperor came to lean on the desk in front of him. "I know these are troubling times, my friend, but we have done this before. We will do what needs to be done to keep harm far from our people."
"I know that, Emperor. But long ago when we fought the Bhoors, it was a different world. Now they hide among their own enemies. The Vindyri embrace them and assume they are a just and fair people. They have no idea what sort of monster they unleashed in their own land."
Piro's eyebrows drew together as he stared at the floor. "Perhaps, Tannis, the Bhoors they have befriended truly are decent people. Just because we believe they are all a certain way does not make it true. There are plenty of different types of people here in Medora, so one would be wrong to assume that we are all the same here."
"I understand what you are saying, Emperor, but it's different here. Here a man is free to do what he decides is best. He can do whatever he chooses so long as it does not harm another citizen. In Bhoor-Rahn they are all mindless sheep. There are no individuals, searching for what's best; there is only the mass of servants to the Zidaoz. They are all unquestionably loyal because they believe their leader speaks directly to Oderion -or whatever it is they call him--and that he is immortal."
"Perhaps you are right my friend. There is no way to know the hearts of men, let alone men far beyond the horizon. Soterus will go and crush the Bhoors and when he returns, he will inform us of their intentions as best he can."
Tannis drummed his fingers on his desk. "I only hope that he can kill the Zidaoz as well. They will never understand anything except a terrible defeat. After thinking more on the matter, I am considering sending more troops into the center of Vindyrion so that it will not take long to send for reserves. I am willing to send another 20,000 men to aid Soterus if he needs it."
"40,000 men," the Emperor said slowly. "We have not seen numbers like that ride to battle in a long time."
"But we have seen many more than that. 20 years ago almost all available troops were sent to war from all seven Legions."
"Yes but as you said those were different times, Tannis. I was beginning to think that the world was becoming too civilized for war."
Tannis stared into the eyes of his Emperor. "When all men believe that, the truly evil among us will see the opportunity to strike at that weakness."
The Emperor smiled. "I know, Tannis. Trust that I believe the same as you do. If we ever fail it will not be because I have forced a softer view on my army and my people. I want nothing more than safety and prosperity for all Medorans, but I am getting older, and it is easier for me to think that the world is less violent than it used to be. I know that things do not change so quickly, and that men are driven by the same desires as they were 500 years ago, but age it seems has softened my heart as well as my muscles."
"Well I hope that such a thing does not happen to me. I still feel rage. I still desire to conquer those who oppose us. I still bleed, as the Vindyri woman recently proved."
"What will you do if we are able to catch her?" asked Piro.
"Well I have no desire to kill her if that's what you mean. I would kill a woman if doing so would save my life or the life of someone I care for, but not for revenge. I would question her until I knew what was going on, and then I would lock her away for the rest of her life."
The Emperor laughed. "Tannis Tirinius not interested in killing his assassin? Perhaps you are already softening, my friend."


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


"Red Master, the Vindyri woman is demanding to see you," came a voice from behind him.
Uritus closed the book that was open on the table in front of him and let out an annoyed sigh. "I have no interest in seeing her at the moment, Brother. I am quite busy preparing for tonight."
"Yes Red Master, I am sorry to bother you. It's just that we believe she is the one that attempted to kill General Tirinius. I thought you might want to speak with her."
He paused and looked up to the wall in front of him in thought. "Very interesting. Perhaps I will take a few moments to speak with her. Where is she?"
"She is here in one of our holding cells, Red Master. We did not put her in irons, but she cannot walk through stone walls. She has been fed and not treated harshly," the man said from under his black hood.
"I see. Have the Purple Mages arrived as I ordered?"
"Yes Red Master. They are prepared to assist you in any way they can. Is it really true? Is tonight the night?"
Uritus turned to face the man from the table where he sat. "It is true that we will try, but this has never been done before, so there is no way to know if it will work or not. Place your faith in Inshae, Brother, not in me. I will do what I can, but I can promise you nothing."
"I do place my faith in Inshae, Red Master, but I cannot help but believe in you as well. Everything you have said would happen has come to pass. We follow you without question."
"Yes, yes. Enough of that." Uritus waved his hand to dismiss the man's comments that were probably intended to secure his position after Uritus took full control. He didn't blame the man for trying, but it was getting boring. The man was obviously embarrassed because he left abruptly, closing the door quietly behind him.
Uritus opened the book in front of him once more. He had no need to do so, for he knew each word by heart. He would make no mistake in the ceremony, and if all went as planned, the whole world would change. His soul sang with joy at the idea. So far things had gone much easier than he had hoped, so in the back of his mind he waited for bad news; but none ever came. He watched the tattered pages as he let his grip on the magic slip. The words faded and disappeared before his eyes. He was thankful that the Mages before him had not thrown away books that to them must have appeared completely empty. He wondered why no one had written anything over the blank pages. Perhaps in the distant past, the Mages did know what they were doing and were careful to maintain such ancient texts. Maybe the Silver Mages in Vindyrion had too a wealth of their own knowledge ripe for the taking. He would soon find out.
He closed the book and decided to go to see the Vindyri in the holding cell. A few of the Mages had seen her and captured her on the night Rommus was killed, and they kept her so that she could not tell anyone what she had seen. If this was indeed the right Vindyri, her attempt on Tannis's life seemed to fit perfectly into his plot; so well that he thought perhaps Inshae himself had sent her. Although that was unlikely, he certainly would feel terrible if it was true and he had held her in a dark and damp cell all this time. She could at least be thankful she was still alive and not being tortured.
He walked down the long corridors that ran from the Temple of Inshae out under the streets of the city. Only Mages knew of the secret passages, and since no new buildings were ever erected in the center of Brinn, no one would ever stumble across them while building. The Mages used them to escape to different places when they needed to do so in a hurry. It was another trick that they could use to fool people into thinking they had magical powers.
He came to the door leading to the small hallway that lead to the three holding cells and placed his hand over the lock. He focused his magic through his hand until he heard a loud click as the mechanism unlocked. He walked through the door and closed it behind him. The first two cells were empty, so he walked to the dark corner at the end. He startled the girl who was sitting on the cold stone floor. She quickly stood when she saw him through the thick cell door made of heavy wood and iron.
"I hope my men are treating you well," he said.
"That seems to be a common saying here in Medora. The General said the same thing to me when his men caught me."
"Ah so you are the Vindyri responsible for the assassination attempt," he said as he smiled in the blackness under his hood.
"Yes I am," she said coldly.
"Then why were you with his son on the following day? And why did our men find you following him during the storm?"
"His son was the best way to get close to the General again. Unfortunately you killed him before I got the chance. It would seem that we have a similar agenda. Why do you hold me here in this cell?"
"I hold you here because I do not know you. We are not familiar with your agenda. You also killed a few of my men in that alley."
"Look," she said, "I know you are interested in killing the General. It may not be in your plans, but it only makes sense that it would help your cause."
"How do you figure that, my dear?" He was impressed with her intelligence.
"Because anyone on the side of the Medoran army would not go to such lengths to kill the son of the General. It's obvious to me that having him killed would make your plan go smoother."
"Maybe, maybe. I admit that your timing was perfect. It helped us out tremendously. Perhaps I owe you thanks."
She walked coolly to the cell door to come closer to him. "I do not need thanks, but if you wish to grant me something, get me close to the General again. I'll need my knife back as well."
"Any other prisoner might beg for freedom. You wish only to complete your task? Who sent you to kill General Tirinius.?"
"Forgive me, but I cannot say. I am dedicated to my mission, and that mission involves a certain amount of secrecy. I will only tell you that I am here to kill the General of the Medoran army and then I am to return to Vindyrion."
"I see. I admire your courage and dedication, Vindyri. Perhaps you are right and our agendas are similar. I will get you close to the General if that is your wish. What is your name?"
"Alana," she said.
"Just Alana? No other name?"
"Take notice, sir, that I did not ask you your name or anything about your agenda. You will just have to live with knowing only my first name."
His smile broadened under his hood. This woman was truly a professional. She had great courage to stand up to a Mage, let alone the courage to kill the General of the Medoran army. She was driven and dedicated to her cause, and wanted only to complete her task. He decided that he would use her. He put his hand over the lock on the cell door and heard a loud click. The door swung open as he used his mind to pull on it. She looked amazed.
"Impressive sir. I wish I had such powers."
"So do all who do not have them. You will stay here tonight, but I will find you more suitable quarters. One of my men will return your knife to you and in the morning you will be free to complete your mission. I will arrange to have you brought to the Emperor's Hall. In one of our robes, you will not be detected. No one will bother you except the guards inside the Hall. I cannot help you with them."
Her eyes turned from him as they walked together down the corridor. "That's all right. I think I can deal with them. I have dealt with them before."
"No, you haven't. Any guards you have encountered have been normal soldiers, not the Elite Guard. They are specially trained guards that are more deadly than your average soldier."
"I will take that into consideration, sir, but they are just men. All men bleed the same way, and all men die."
"I guess I can't argue with that, Vindyri. You seem wiser than your years. But remember that women bleed the same as men also."
She smiled at the comment. "Of course I know that. I am not afraid to die if that's what you mean. I came here to Medora fully expecting to die in my attempt. Luckily I have been able to avoid it so far."
They made their way toward the large circular room made of all black marble, but they did not enter it. Instead he opened a door nearby where she could rest comfortably. He wanted her to be near the room so that he could keep an eye on her, but he wasn't about to let her see the sacred area.
"Forgive me Alana, but I must have one of my men guard this door. Under normal circumstances I wouldn't, but you must understand that I can't have a stranger roaming around in these sacred halls. The door will remain unlocked, and your guard will escort you around if needed. Simply open the door and he will take you wherever you need to go or bring you whatever you need."
"I understand. I make no complaint. I am grateful that you have taken me from that dirty cell and that you understand my intentions. Luckily your men captured me and not more men from the Medoran army. Can I ask for soap and water so that I can clean myself?"
"Of course. I will have someone bring it right away. I will also provide you with a robe as I mentioned before so that we can get you close to the General tomorrow."
"Thank you sir. Your help is much appreciated," she said as she entered the room and sat on the bed inside.
"Certainly Alana. I thank you in advance for your help in our cause and I wish you luck with yours."
She nodded a single respectful nod, almost like a bow as he closed the door. He was amazed at how well she seemed to fit into the plan. There was no doubt in his mind that her intentions would do nothing but simplify his strategy. The General's murder was going to make things so much easier in the future. He smiled as he considered his plan as a whole. All the pieces were now on the board, and after tonight, he would control every single one of those pieces.



Chapter 14

The harsh orange glow of the torchlight stung his eyes as he struggled to open them. His body felt heavy and weak, making it difficult to move. He was only vaguely aware of his surroundings, and he fought to determine where he was or how he had gotten there. As he considered his predicament, he realized that not only did he not know how he got there, but he didn't know anything at all. He struggled to summon memories but all that came was emptiness.
He turned his head to the side and the light seemed to fade. The blackness in front of him swayed and shifted, and he thought that perhaps someone stood there between him and the torchlight. He clumsily turned his head the other way and saw a similar dark object blocking the light. To comfort himself he looked to the ceiling where there was flickering light dancing above him. He attempted to reach out at these black figures to his sides, but his arms would not obey him. He felt cold, hard metal at his wrists and determined that he was fastened to whatever it was he was lying on. It too was cold, but not metal; perhaps some kind of stone.
More darkness crept in from the shadows. Through his blurry vision he could not see what the shapes were. He could only watch as they approached from the sides. He began to worry as he wondered what was going on and what was going to happen to him. In another futile attempt, he tried to free his arms. His legs were held tightly as well, as he found out when he made an effort to stand.
Almost all the light disappeared except for what he could see on the ceiling. Slowly his ears began hearing again. He had not noticed that he could not hear while he was focusing on the sights in front of him. First he heard the crackles of the torches, but then he heard voices; low, calm voices all around him. He listened close in case the voices were telling him how to free himself, but if they offered any help, he couldn't understand it. The voices droned and rolled in different rhythms that made his head swim as he tried to untangle their messages. The harder he focused, the more disoriented he became, so he decided not to concentrate on the sounds around him.
He looked down at his feet, but he could not make out the parts of his own body. It was mostly covered in black cloth and seemed to fade into the shadows around him. He felt his eyebrows knot in confusion and frustration as he started to feel the weight of reality pushing down hard upon him. He again fought to free himself to no avail. Out of desperation he tried to speak. When no sound came he tried to scream; no scream came either.
It seemed like hours between each word that he heard drilling into his brain. He fought the agony of frustration until he was so exhausted that he could hardly keep his eyes open. Darkness started to fill his vision and he welcomed it. It was too hard to fight anymore, so he began to give up and give himself over into the icy blackness blanketing him. As he did this, the voices got louder and sounded more determined. It seemed like the voices were holding him here in this room against his will just like the shackles at his wrists and ankles.
Suddenly he heard a word in their chants.
Breathe
He was confused by the word. It made no sense that all the sounds echoing around him were saying something so simple. He tried to ignore it and return to the darkness.
Breathe
He heard the word once more, this time more intense and commanding. It was becoming quite an irritation and he attempted to voice his anger but no sound came from his throat. All of a sudden he realized that he was unable to speak because there was no air in his lungs. In a powerful torrent, air rushed inside him, filling him with life and energy. He pulled in another breath that sent waves of power surging through him. Remembering the shackles at his wrists and ankles, he commanded his muscles to pull free from them, but he was still unable to move.
Things still moved in slow motion around him, but it seemed faster and clearer than before. He spoke but he was unable to properly form the words in his mouth, and his tongue seemed to get in his way. He shook his head and tried to clear his thoughts, but everything was still a dark mystery surrounded in shadow. Another shadow fell upon him, this time a real one. Above him he saw a hooded man staring down at him. He could not see his face, but he could feel them man's oppressive presence. He spoke to the others as he held a book in one hand. The words were wet and slippery, like a different language flowing from the darkness under his hood. He was powerless to do anything but watch and listen for any words he could understand.
It seemed that it would never end and he would be trapped forever lying on his back watching the strange figures shift and move before him. At times he felt them touch him on his chest as they chanted loudly. The one above him holding the book did not chant with the others, but instead spoke to the air, or maybe the ceiling. He was the loudest, and his voice cut deeply into his mind as it raked through the room.
A new light was rising from the shadows. Everything that was black was beginning to hum and glow a faint purple. The orange light from the fires of the torches fought to remain in control, but their flitting flames were no match for the soft power emanating from the darkness. It grew brighter and brighter until it was difficult to see where light ended and shadow began. In the glow was hidden a pain and a pleasure, a sunset and a dawn, a beginning and an end. He could not decide whether or not to give himself over to the light as it curled around him and tugged at his soul.
The man above him closed the book but still spoke loudly. He bent over and put down the book and then raised his arms to his sides. A cool wind began to blow and filled the room with a chill air. The ceiling seemed to warp and shudder, and the whole room began to grind and vibrate. The twisting ceiling above looked more like clouds than stone, and the wind seemed to pull the roiling clouds across the black marble that had turned to skies of black. The winds grew stronger and the man spoke even louder. He looked up to the man as lightning flashed in the large, circular room. Something gold hung from his neck.
Gold.
Suddenly he realized there was something else gold in the room. He could not see it, but he heard it calling to him and felt its power. It pulled at him, begging for his attention. It screamed silently directly into his mind and offered help. He focused on it and thought that he could feel it there in the room, somewhere off to his left. A slight tingle burned in his blood as he listened to the voice screaming in his head. It was guiding him. Not really with a voice, but with a feeling. He did his best to ignore the light around him and gave himself over to the burning feeling inside him. He closed his eyes and calmed himself, pushing all the noise and the light from his thoughts.
Suddenly he realized he was stronger than the shackles that held him. He curled his arm and the metal shattered, sending splinters into the crowd of men around him and making them turn away in fear.
"He cannot harm you," the man above him shouted over the howling wind, "we control him. He is ours."
The words did nothing to dull his strength. He could feel power rushing through him and knew that this hooded man above him was no match for him. He reached out with his free arm and called to the gold off to his left. It answered him immediately and came to his hand. The men surrounding him were terrified at the sight, and even the speaker took several steps back.
In his hand he saw the thing that had called to him and offered him help. It was a sword, a golden sword that seemed to be made of one seamless piece of the precious metal. He examined it there in his hand, its edges catching the orange light of the torches that now burned brightly in the room. The purple light had fled just like the courage and determination of the men panicking around him. He broke the other shackles that held him as if they were made of paper and sat up. He realized that he had been lying on an altar made of black marble in the center of a large circular room. He reached down and traced a white vein in the stone before hopping off the edge.
The hooded men were running in all directions, horrified that he would come near them. He remained calm as he approached them. They all seemed to be running in slow motion, and he had no trouble catching up to them.
"Get him!" the speaker yelled. "He must not leave this room!"


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


The commotion in the nearby room was just the kind of disruption Alana was hoping for. She had already persuaded her guard into her room and killed him an hour earlier. Since his robes were hemmed in blue, she couldn't use the robe that she was given earlier, so she took his. She had put it on and stood outside of her door, pretending to be the man she had killed. She could not believe that the Mages would be so stupid as to give her one of their robes as well as her knife.
Unsure of how to exit the labyrinth the Mages had built, she approached the door to the room with all the noise. She carefully pushed it open and peered inside. There were screams from men being sliced open by a large man wearing only black pants and boots. In his hand he held a golden sword. Her mind raced to decipher what was happening. She had seen a man with a gold sword before, but he was wearing a robe, and he certainly wasn't slaughtering his companions. Either she was wrong about the Mages and they were good people, or this shirtless Mage was fighting for the other side.
Some of the men seemed to be able to escape, but the man with the sword did not look concerned. His back was to her, and she could see his ribcage expand as he breathed calmly while Mages ran from him in every direction. He cocked his head as if he heard something, and slowly turned around. Her eyes went wide when she looked into his face.
"Rommus!" she cried. "It's not possible. I saw you die."
He looked at her as if he was confused. Then he took a stride towards her. She realized that he had no idea who she was, and thought that she was a Mage, even though she obviously had a female voice. She pushed her hood back.
"Rommus, it's me, Alana."
He stopped in his tracks, but he still looked puzzled. He looked at her from under his dark eyebrows, a look that was half anger and half confusion.
"Rommus I don't know what's going on, or how you are alive, but we should get out of here. Come this way, I have another robe you can wear to disguise yourself." He cocked his head again and blinked at her a few times as he thought. "Hurry! Before they know what's going on."
Reluctantly he followed her through the door and into her room. She could see that he had a scar on his stomach where he was stabbed. There was little chance that this man was just someone who looked like Rommus; it had to be him. She grabbed the robe that was given to her earlier and threw it at him.
"Hurry, put this on. They don't know I am wearing this robe and they won't expect you to be in one either. We can get out of here before they can figure out our plan."
He put the sword down on the bed as he slipped the robe over his head. It was a little tight, but it would have to do. She looked down on the bed at the gold sword wet with blood.
"I thought you said that a sword couldn't be made of gold like that."
"What?"
"Oh never mind. What is going on? How is it that you're alive? How did you manage to kill all of those men?"
"I¾I don't know. It's hard to remember anything," he said as he picked up his sword.
"Do you remember me? Do you remember who you are?"
"Well, no. I mean yes, sort of. I knew my name when you called it. I don't exactly remember you, but I know I have seen you before."
"All right we can worry about that later." She reached up and flipped his hood up to cover his head. "For right now we have to focus on getting out of here."
"What did those men do to me?" he asked.
"I don't know Rommus. I saw them kill you a few nights ago, or at least I saw them stab you. I screamed to warn you, but you didn't hear me. They captured me and I tricked them into thinking I was on their side. I only just now found out you were here and that you were alive."
He put his hand to his forehead as he tried to remember. "I don't remember that. I remember feelings, like a dream, but that's all."
"We'll talk about it later," she said as she opened the door a crack and checked for people in the corridor. "We have to leave here now. They will be looking for us. I would hide that sword in your robes if I were you. It will most definitely draw their attention. Either that or leave it here."
He hid the sword under the heavy folds of fabric and they made their way down one of the dark halls. There were torches at regular intervals, and at all the intersections, but the black marble walls did little to assist the light. In some sections the floors were just dirt, with no flooring at all, which seemed odd since most everything else was elegantly decorated. She assumed that some sections were newer, and that the Mages had not yet had the time or money to finish the floors. She was amazed at how far the tunnels went, figuring they must run under nearly all of Brinn. With so many passageways, there had to be many ways out.
"How do I know you?" he asked softly as they walked.
"I met you a few days ago. We had a fight with some Mages and we kind of saved each other's lives. You took me to your home and tended to a wound I got in the fight."
"I don't know you well then?"
"No, we have not really had time to get to know each other yet."
"Then why should I trust you?"
"I didn't ask you to trust me. It should be obvious to you that I don't mean to harm you, or else I would have done so already. I need to get out of here just as badly as you do. You don't have to trust me, but I am offering my help if you will take it."
"Why would you help me?" he asked as they turned into another corridor that rose gently.
"Believe me Rommus, we are both better off with each other than without."
He walked a while in silence as he thought. "Where are we now? How do we get out of here?"
"We are under the city of Brinn?"
"Brinn! Yes I know that name."
"Well good, maybe your memory will return in time. Anyway, I don't know how to get out of here, but I figure if we keep going up, it will lead us out into a street somewhere. Maybe once we get to the streets something will look familiar to you."
"Who were those men in black?"
"Those are Mages. Here in Medora they seem to like to wear black, but I am only familiar with Silver Mages. The Black ones seem a little more sinister than what I am used to." She caught his arm as she noticed a narrow set of stairs hidden between two closely placed columns. There was no torch anywhere in sight.
"You want me to go up there? I don't think I'll fit."
"Sure you will, you just have to duck a little and turn sideways."
He pulled the golden sword from his robes, took a deep breath and started up the tiny stairway. She pulled the knife he made her from inside her own robes and followed him up the cold, black marble steps.



Chapter 15

Rommus snapped awake from a dream. In the near darkness it took a few moments before he remembered where he was and how he got there. Off to his right, he could see the form of Alana sitting with her arms wrapped around her knees keeping watch. He had chosen this place in the woods because it was in a large dent in the ground, something like a tiny valley, and the horizon could be clearly seen all around. They simply had to look up slightly to see any forms moving in the moonlight.
He was unsure of the time, but he knew it must be close to sunrise. The events of the night before were still blurry, but some memories were returning to him. He was also having less trouble remembering things about his life, but things were still not making sense to him. There was a large part missing from the center of all of this, but he couldn't quite put words to the feeling.
"Are you awake?" Alana asked.
"Yes, I am now. I assume you didn't see anything on your watch?"
"No, just a few small animals making noise, but no people. How do you feel?"
"I feel fine. No headache or anything like I was expecting to have. Actually, I feel really good, like well rested and energized. What time is it?"
"Not quite sunrise. What are we going to do about food? I am starving."
He sat up on the robe he was using for a bedroll. "We'll wait a while until there's a little light and then we'll head for Taburdum. It's only a little more than two hour's walk from where we are now. It could be a little longer though. It's hard to tell how far we came in the darkness and I don't know exactly where we are."
"What are you going to do about a shirt?" Alana asked.
He looked down at where his shirt should be and saw bare skin. "Good question. I guess I'll have to cut this robe up and make it look like one. I could buy one in Taburdum if I had any money with me, but I don't think going back to Brinn to get money or another shirt is a good idea. Maybe something will work out when we get to Taburdum."
She put her hand in front of her mouth as she yawned. "Can you remember anything more about last night? 
He tried to talk over his own yawn. "No, I don't remember anything new. Everything seems somewhat normal except for a big gap in the middle, and I am not remembering much before meeting up with you in the halls beneath the city. Can you fill in anything I am missing?"
"Well like I said before I was captured after I saw them stab you with that sword you have there, so all I really remember is a cold wet cell. Eventually one of the Mages came to my cell and questioned me. I made him believe I was an ally of some kind and they put me in that room with a guard. I was able to kill him and take his place, and that's when I heard all the commotion and met up with you."
"I got stabbed. I forgot about that." He abruptly sat up straighter. "Oh no, Uritus and Mirra! I remember I had gone to see her. I caught them together and I was stabbed when I was leaving."
"Who is Uritus?" she asked.
"He was a friend of mine when we were younger," he said with his head resting in his hands. "We grew apart somewhat as we got older, but he is the son of the Emperor, so I still see him all the time. I can't believe he would do this to me. They were both so cold about it too."
"You mean you walked in on the two of them together and they were rude about it? You didn't kill him or at least beat some respect into him?"
"No. The thought crossed my mind, but I guess I didn't take it very well and I couldn't do much more than stumble out the door. Maybe if he hadn't have been there I would have been alert enough to avoid getting attacked when I left." He reached down to feel where the blade had torn his skin but had a hard time finding the scar. "Seems like this wound healed pretty quickly. Maybe the Mages have better herbs or something."
"Or maybe they healed it with magic. But I don't get it. The man who stabbed you wasn't wearing a robe, but it's obvious that the Mages were behind it, because we both ended up underground with them. But why stab you and then heal you?"
He stared into the darkness for a moment before shaking his head. "I have no idea. All that really matters is that we both got out of there alive and unharmed." He turned his head in her direction. "Wait a minute, how did you see me get stabbed? What were you doing following me to Mirra's?"
She hesitated a moment before answering. "Well I got up and looked out the window when you left, and I saw the man following. I thought maybe you were in danger so I followed."
"Well I guess I should thank you for trying to help, but I'm not going to."
She smiled in the darkness. "And why not?"
"Because you shouldn't have been out of bed and wondering where I was going, especially with an injured leg."
"You're right, there's no excuse. But things might have ended up a lot worse if I didn't. You can thank me later when you come to your senses."
He smiled back at her. "We'll see. I did get my hands on this sword though. I guess that's one good thing that came of all this. It doesn't really make up for the lost girlfriend and the friend betraying me. Oh and getting stabbed and losing my memory wasn't fun. But at least I took their precious sword from them. This thing must be worth a fortune."
"Yes and I seem to remember someone telling me that there was no such thing as a sword made of gold," she said with a smirk that could just barely be seen in the faint blue of the coming dawn.
"I still stand by the comment. This thing is far too light to be made of gold. And it's way too strong. Gold is soft. You can almost dent it with your fingernails." He picked up the sword and held it closer for her to see. "And look at this. It's hard to see in the darkness but see where the hilt meets the blade? There's no separation. It's like the thing is made of one solid piece of metal. Even the hilt is made entirely of gold. Look at the handle. This wasn't beaten in a forge. Something this intricate has to be poured into a delicate mold."
"So you're saying that it was made by pouring a metal that looks like gold into a mold?"
"No. That's not possible either. A weapon like that wouldn't be strong at all. It's possible to pour metal hilts around a blade, but not a whole weapon like this. I am totally confused by it." He held the sword up and inspected it in the pale light.
"Well perhaps you are holding the sword of Arius. Did you ever think about that?"
He laughed. "Of course not, don't be silly. Honestly I totally forgot about that myth. But maybe you're half right and someone went to the trouble to make a sword look like his sword. Whoever did it is certainly more talented than I am."
He took the blade and started cutting the black fabric of his robe into something that would pass for a shirt. He was certain that the people of Medora would be suspicious of the black clothing, but there was nothing else he could do. He cut the sleeves shorter, and then cut off the bottom to make it the correct length. After cutting off the hood and removing some excess fabric, he had something that he thought would work. He hoped that someone in Taburdum would be kind enough to give him a shirt. Perhaps he could stop by the armory and see if there was anyone there that he knew. He wrapped the blade of the sword in some of the extra cloth and put it through his belt. It was probably the worst excuse for a scabbard he could imagine, but at least he could carry it at his hip without cutting himself.
While Rommus was busy with the fabric, Alana threw acorns at random objects in front of her. She almost always missed. "What are we going to do now Rommus?" she asked when she finally hit the leaf she was aiming for.
"We? I don't want you in any more danger because of me. You should go back to Vindyrion where you're safe."
"Rommus those Mages know I left that place. They're not stupid. They saw us together before in the alley, they know I followed you to Mirra's, and I'm sure by now they have figured out that we left together. They're going to be hunting me too."
Rommus scratched his head as he thought. "I guess you're right. But I don't like that I pulled you into this."
"We can debate over who pulled who into what later. Right now we are both in danger and we are better off sticking together. So what's the plan?"
"I hadn't really thought about a plan. I just wanted to escape safely. I suppose for now we should worry about getting to Taburdum and getting some supplies. It's too bad your experience here in Medora has been so bad."
"Oh it hasn't been bad. I mean, don't get me wrong there are parts that I could do without, but I love this place. It's more beautiful than I ever dreamed."
"Oh! That reminds me. I had a dream. That's what woke me up."
"Well what was it about?"
"Now that I have waited so long to talk about it, it's hard to remember. But it was something about the Columns of Inshae, visiting there or something. They were huge, just like my father said. Have you ever seen them?"
"No I haven't. I have not been that far north in Vindyrion. Not a lot of people go up there."
"My father said they are huge, and that the temple that once stood there was carved right out of the mountain. The bridge to the Land of the Gods no longer exists though."
"Yes I have heard that, but I don't know anyone who has actually been there."
"Well isn't there some other way across? Like over a mountain or something? People could have built the temple and then made a bridge that was already collapsed in order to fool people into thinking that one really existed."
"Yeah I never thought of that. That seems just as believable as gods making it, in fact more so. But I have heard people say that the mountains there are sheer walls, straight up higher than birds can fly."
He laughed. "That's a pretty big mountain. I don't know about all that."
The woods were lit with the soft blue glow of the morning. They gathered their things and started the long walk to Taburdum. Both of them were hungry and thirsty, and were glad to find a small stream where they could drink. The food would have to wait until they reached the city, and then only if they were lucky enough to get any. Neither of them had any money and no way to hunt for any food. They walked for a while in silence but finally Alana spoke.
"How long were you with Mirra?"
He answered after moment. "About three years, maybe a little longer."
"And how long have you known him? What was his name again?"
"Uritus. I've known the both of them for pretty much my whole life. My father is the General of the seven Legions, so I grew up in the company of the Emperor and his two sons. We used to play in the hallways of the Emperor's Hall. We always fought over who got to be the Medorans and who had to be the Vindyri in our little play wars."
"Who wouldn't want to be a Vindyri?" she asked with a smile.
"Well, times were different then. You know how it is I'm sure. Don't Vindyri children fight against imaginary Medoran attackers?"
"I guess. I don't know I never really played games like that. Girls play with other girls and with dolls and things."
"Yeah I guess that's true anywhere."
"Rommus, don't you let this Mirra bring you down. You are a good man. Handsome too. There is another girl out there who will complete you and make you happy. Don't let one silly girl ruin it all."
"I am not worried about being happy right now. I also think it's pretty silly to devote yourself to a person like that. Looking back I am sorry that I ever did. I cared for her, and I thought she cared for me, but so what? What could ever come from it? It seems so pointless."
"Finding happiness is pointless to you?"
"Yes in a way. There are much more important things to worry about. Do you think the Emperor or your King focused on a woman while they were coming to power? There's so much more going on in the world, and to focus on finding happiness seems a little selfish."
"So you want to be a leader then?"
He laughed so hard that he almost fell as he walked. "Me? No way. You haven't seen the way people treat me. No one cares about anything I have to say or about anything I do. People either ignore me totally or avoid me at all cost. People get quiet whenever I get near them. No one would ever follow me for any reason."
"I followed you," she said smiling out of the corner of her mouth.
"I hardly think following me to Mirra's house is the same as believing in someone and following them as your leader."
"I know, I know. I was just kidding. But maybe you intimidate people Rommus. Maybe you are just too big and scary for people to be comfortable around you."
"Well I don't see how that's much better. It's not my fault that I am bigger than most people. And I am always polite whenever I speak to anyone."
"Well maybe it's just your overall look. Do you ever smile at people when they look at you?"
"What reason would I have to smile at someone who is just passing by? They want nothing to do with me. I don't get any smiles."
"I think that might be your problem. You're intimidating, and you don't show people that you have a softer side. It probably makes them uncomfortable."
"I would agree with your answer except that this is all very new. Just a few short years ago people came to me and befriended me. They asked me for advice. They shared their troubles and their joys. It all just went away without anything changing on my part."
"Well I don't know why people who knew you started avoiding you, but you should make an effort to meet new people. It's not hard. You just have to start talking. They'll listen."
He didn't look at her as he spoke but kept his gaze on the trail ahead of him. "Thanks for the advice, but I have tried all that. I just don't think I have anything to offer anyone. I have come to accept the way things are, and I am learning to find the bright spots in my own little world. Of course, Mirra was one of those bright spots."
"I told you not to let her bring you down. A broken heart can destroy you if you let it."
"You sound as if you speak from experience," he said as he turned to her.
"I've had some experience, yes."
"Getting a broken heart, or giving them?" He wished he had thought before he said that. He feared she would think the comment was rude.
"A little of both," she said without missing a beat. "I learn my lessons and move on. It's what I think works best. That's why I gave you the advice."
"It's a sound theory, but all circumstances are different."
"I beg to differ, Rommus. We are all a lot more alike than you probably think. We all need love. We all need to be wanted and appreciated. We all need time alone sometimes. We all have goals and we all have our views. It's the little differences that make us individuals, but we are all human."
"I don't see it that way. There are too many variables. Some men are evil, some are good. Some care about others and some don't. Look at the Bhoors. They are nothing like I am."
"Is that right? This coming from a Medoran who has never seen one."
"So? I know my history and I know that the Medorans before me hated them for a reason. I know the stories about how they torture people, even children."
"Well you seem to be able to accept Vindyri. Or am I wrong in thinking that?"
He ran his hand through his hair. "I accept people if they are decent and do not harm anyone for their own gains or pleasure. I accept you because you have proven yourself to be a good person."
She was quiet for a moment as she walked. "I don't see how you can group all the Bhoors together and dismiss them as evil. How can you truly believe that?"
"I will accept a Bhoor when he proves himself. They have already proven themselves to be evil as far as I am concerned, and I am not going to go digging through jagged rocks to find the few diamonds among them. It's the responsibility of the individual to shine; not my responsibility to go searching for them."
She walked a long time without saying anything. He could tell she was trying to come up with a sharp retort to his comments, but apparently she was having trouble. He let her tend to her thoughts as he walked and enjoyed the scenery. The trees slid slowly by as they moved through the woods toward the city of Taburdum. The sun, now bright in the eastern sky, threw long shadows behind them and sent shafts of light to dance on the forest floor.
With his fingers, he studied the craftsmanship of the sword at his hip. Each time he touched it he felt a surge of energy tingling inside him. It brought him a joy that was unexpected and hard to explain. He couldn't imagine ever putting it down and leaving it somewhere where someone else might take it. It was a precious treasure that he intended to keep forever, and he would do anything to avoid losing it.
After the silence had gone on for an uncomfortable amount of time, he looked at her out of the corner of his eye. She strode resolutely, looking straight ahead with a slight look of anger on her face. He reached out and grabbed her by the elbow, and stopped in the center of the trail.
"Alana, I'm sorry if I offended you. I don't want you to think I am a hateful person, but I am comfortable in my beliefs and I don't bother anyone. I have never hurt anyone who didn't deserve it, believe me, and I don't intend to. Can't you just accept that I am not as open as you are when it comes to these things?"
Her look softened a little as she looked in his eyes. "I'm sorry too Rommus. I shouldn't be angry. You are free to believe what you want and I have no right to tell you otherwise. Here I am, a stranger in your land, and you have accepted me and taken care of me when I needed it. You have proven to me that you are a good person, and I was wrong to doubt that fact because of your beliefs."
"All right, all right." He smiled. "No need to get all sappy about it."
She shook her head as she smiled. "How close are we to Taburdum?"
He pointed out in the distance. "Well we're taking a shortcut. The main road would take a lot longer. See where this ground drops down and then it rises back up over there at that mountain?"
"What mountain? You mean that little tree-covered hill over there? You must not know what a real mountain is."
"I know what a mountain is. It's true that most of the mountains this far south are a lot smaller than the ones up north, but that is way too large to call a hill. Anyway, this trail leads us down into this valley and around the side of the 'hill'. On the other side is Taburdum."
"Well I don't know if I can go that far without starving to death. You'd better carry me."
"I carried you last time. How about you carry me?"


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


When they finally arrived in Taburdum they were greeted with cold stares. Rommus figured that it was because of his makeshift black shirt, but he thought it might have been the person wearing it. Alana marveled at the sights of the city as he guided her to its center. She asked questions every few minutes and he did his best to answer them.
"What's that big building up there above the rest?"
"That's the Great Library. All the cities have records, but that is where all the copies are kept from all the cities in Medora. There are books on every subject, and anyone can go in and study them."
"Aren't there books that people aren't allowed to see?"
"Well, I'm sure there are, but they would probably keep them somewhere besides this library. There are plenty of places that are better hiding places."
"That's the biggest building here. I don't see any temples like I saw in Brinn."
"Oh there are temples here too, but Taburdum is more like a center for knowledge, not worship. Brinn isn't exactly a center for worship either, but many people come from all over Medora to visit Brinn, so they have to have everything there."
"And people come here for this library?" she asked as she stared at the giant building that was blurry in the hazy distance.
"Well, that building is the Great Library, but there are probably 50 more libraries here where people can study. But yes, for the most part, there is nothing really interesting here unless you are looking for knowledge."
"Are we going to stop there?" she asked.
"I don't see a reason to go there, but if you really want we can stop by before we leave."
"Why did they build this city so close to Brinn?"
"They didn't. Taburdum was the old capital hundreds of years ago, but it is not big enough to serve as one anymore. Instead of going to all the trouble to clear away these mountains-I mean hills--they just started a new capital nearby. Since then they have converted Taburdum into a city of records mostly, but you'll still find all the same things here that you would in any city in Medora."
"So where are you taking us?" 
He pointed to a nearby building with red banners snapping in the wind. "There, the city's armory. I am hoping that there is someone there I know and that we can get some help. But I think it's best that you stay outside for now."
The guards moved aside as he got to the top of the steps and entered the building. Inside more guards looked him over but paid him no further attention. The fact that he was armed didn't really matter to them since he was the son of Tannis Tirinius. He followed the red carpeting across a large room to a door flanked by two more guards. Before he got to the door, one of them went inside for a moment and then came back out and returned to his post.
"You may enter," the guard said as he approached.
Rommus pushed open the heavy wooden door and went inside. A man sat behind a desk that was covered in papers and books and a large map. It was a familiar face.
"Commander Soterus, it's good to see you again."
The man finished writing on one of the papers before he looked up. "Rommus, where have you been? Your father asked each Legion's Commander to come to you for weapons to arm a team of assassins. No one could find you"
"Assassins from each Legion?  Why would you need so many of them? That must be almost 100 people."
"You'll have to ask your father that, Tirinius. I am busy planning to ride to war. What is it you have come here for?"
"War? What are you talking about? We're going to war?"
 "20,000 of us are, and another 20,000 will ride behind us. I am here to gather troops and then we ride to aid the Vindyri in their war against the Bhoors. We ride before midday today."
"This is all news to me. Send a rider to my father and tell him that he is free to take whatever weapons he needs from my forge, but I don't think there's nearly enough to arm that many men. Maybe half of them."
"I will do that. Now what brings you here?"
"Well I had a run-in with some Mages and I am in need of a shirt, a scabbard to fit this sword and some food if it can be spared." He pulled the sword free and laid it gently on the desk in front of him.
"Oh my," said Soterus, finally paying attention to something besides his paperwork, "look at that." He reached out and touched the flat side of the blade to inspect the magnificent weapon. "You made this?"
"No, I can't take credit for this one. I took it from the Mages. Do you have a scabbard that will fit it?"
Soterus stared at the weapon in wonder and only answered when Rommus cleared his throat to get his attention. "Yes, yes I think so. I have one here that you made to match one of your swords I have. It has gold trimmings so it would even compliment this weapon."
"I don't need anything fancy, just something to keep me from cutting myself."
"No, no, I insist. Such a sword must have a beautiful scabbard, and I have others. Besides, if you have not seen your father then he has not paid you your 20 gold pieces, and I assume you are not returning to Brinn if you requested a rider be sent there. I will put it on the books as part of the payment. May I hold it?"
Rommus looked at the man touching his sword. He was uncomfortable with the idea, but he trusted the man. "Yes you can hold it."
Soterus held the sword in his hand and turned it in the light coming from the open windows. His face was frozen in a smile as he walked to the cabinet where weapons were kept. He held up a few of the swords inside to compare sizes and pulled out the one he wanted. He slipped the sword from the scabbard and gently replaced it with the golden blade. He walked back over to Rommus, staring at the hilt the entire time. He held it out to Rommus and he took it from him.
"Rommus you must make me a sword like this. I will pay almost any amount. Perhaps you're willing to sell me this one?"
"I don't think I can bring myself to part with this one, but I promise if I discover how it is made, I will make you one¾for slightly more than a reasonable price."
Soterus smiled up at him. "Good enough. What else did you say you needed?"
"I need a shirt and some food if you can spare any. Oh and another sword, but nothing fancy."
"Of course you can have one of the soldier's tunics. I hope a dark red is okay. As for the food, we are busy here and no one is preparing any food, but I will pay you some of what your father was going to pay you so that you can buy your own. You can have one of the swords from this cabinet, but not the ones with the gold. Those are my favorites." He opened the drawer and pulled out a gold coin and few silver coins and handed them to Rommus.
"Thank you Commander Soterus. Your help is greatly appreciated."
"Certainly Rommus, just remember your promise. Is there anything else I can do for you?"
Rommus pulled one of the swords from the Commander's cabinet. It was one he had made a few years earlier. "No, I think that's all. Oh, tell the rider to tell my father that I had trouble with Mages, but I am unharmed. I won't be returning to Brinn for a while."
"Certainly Rommus. I will send one right away."


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


"You didn't get any food?" Alana said as she held her stomach in exaggerated discomfort. "I'm surprised I can still stand up."
"Relax. They didn't have anything cooking but I knew the Commander and he gave me some money. It should be enough for a few weeks or more. Do you like my shirt?"
She pulled at the fabric and rolled it in her fingers to examine it. "Yeah it's nice. I like the red. You still have the black pants the Mages dressed you in though. I thought you said that people in Medora don't wear black."
"Generally we don't, but I didn't want to be too greedy. A shirt is all I really needed so I'm happy to have it. Anyway, I have more important news."
She flipped her hair over her shoulder to avoid having the breeze blow it in her face. "What news is that?"
"Vindyrion is at war with Bhoor-Rahn."
Her mouth hung open in shock. "That's impossible. I haven't been gone that long. How could that be?"
"Well it's true. The Commander here is taking 20,000 men into Vindyrion to help fight the Bhoors. They will leave the city before noon."
"I just can't imagine it. It has to be a mistake. The Bhoors have been our allies ever since I can remember. Why would they attack us?"
"You assume that the Bhoors are the ones attacking? Perhaps the Vindyri are the ones who started it."
"Well that doesn't make sense either. Why go to war at all when there is peace?"
Rommus ran his hand over the hilt of his sword. "Because the best time to strike is when your enemy isn't looking."
She looked down to the sheathed sword in his hand. "What's that?"
"Oh here, I made this for you."
"Stop it you did not. Where did you get it?"
He held it out to her. "I really did make it, but it was years ago. The Commander here gave it to me when I asked for another sword. I thought that you had better have something a little longer than that knife."
"Wow, thank you again Rommus. I am going to have to work hard to repay you for all these things you have done for me. These soldiers sure are generous to give all this to you."
"Generous? No. They actually owe me a lot of money. I just gave the Commander here a message to send to my father telling him he is free to use all the weapons at my forge. If they gave me what they owed me, I wouldn't be able to walk because of the weight of the gold."
She laughed as she fastened the sword to her belt. "Well Rommus, which way from here?"
"Well, I think we should stay heading east since that's the best route away from Brinn. Luckily for you the Great Library is on the way, maybe if you behave yourself I'll take you there."
She smacked him on his back. "Oh I'll be a good little girl, don't worry. But I really don't need to see it if you are in a hurry to leave. I do need to eat though or I am going to wither away to nothing."
"Actually, maybe we will skip the library. I feel like we need to leave here as soon as we can."
"What do you mean? Do you see any Mages or suspicious people?"
"No, it's nothing like that. I just have a feeling. It's like if I am quiet I can hear a voice on the wind calling to me."
She cocked her head and gave him a puzzled look. "Rommus you sound like you just got hit hard on the head or something. Can you really hear a voice?"
He closed his eyes and listened carefully. "There's no voice, don't worry. I think the incident with the Mages is just making me want to get away from Brinn."



Chapter 16

Uritus took out his anger on the items on the shelf, causing them to crash violently to the floor. He tried to calm himself by closing his eyes and concentrating on a new plan, but rage flowed inside his veins and kept him from thinking clearly. At his feet were countless magical relics from a forgotten age; some shattered, others intact. None of them mattered much to him now that he had lost what really mattered. He rested his head against the empty shelf before him and did his best to assemble his thoughts into a workable plan.
There wasn't even anyone to punish. There were certainly plenty of Mages left in Medora, but the Purple Mages who had aided him were almost all slaughtered. All of them did their best to regain control of the situation, but their attempts were futile. Some of them were destroyed in a blink, their souls completely obliterated when they were cut with the sword of Arius. There was nothing left of them but a memory and a few corpses.
He found himself walking away from the shelf and towards the door. His frustration at his lack of power was consuming him. He knew that he needed to move on and make the best of the situation, but it was difficult now that his plans were ruined. There was still the Medoran Empire which was to be handed down to him upon his father's death, but that wasn't quite good enough. He thirsted for more.
He made his way to the throne room where he intended to pray for forgiveness from Inshae. He had no idea what his god thought of his feeble attempt, but he hoped that he would see that he did his best and not punish him too harshly. He had never seen anyone punished anyway, so he was not all that concerned. The only people who really suffered were the people who he himself decided were unworthy. The Mages worshipped him with almost the same respect as they had for Inshae.
When he got to the throne room, he felt an odd feeling. He closed the door and locked it, wanting no interruptions from the nosey Mages wandering the halls. The room seemed more silent than usual. He felt as if he was being watched, but after he inspected the shadows, he determined that that was impossible. He knelt in front of the small altar at the side of the room and began to pray to his god.
The silence became heavier. He shook his head thinking his ears were not working properly, but nothing changed. He refocused on his prayers and tried to ignore the strange feeling. Curiosity took him, and he opened his eyes to make sure nothing was abnormal. Something was different. He pulled back his hood so that he could better see what was going on. Everything in the room seemed to be swaying, the light flowing in a dreamy haze around him. He followed the strange current with his eyes to the opposite wall. There, hovering above the floor was a giant form, much larger than a man, darker than the blackest skies. His black robes swayed gently in a wind that Uritus could not feel himself. His eyes rose to the face, and he saw that he was looking upon his god for the first time.
"Inshae, my master," he said as he bowed his head to the floor.
The voice came into his head, not into his ears.
Rise
Uritus stumbled awkwardly to his feet before his god. He stared across the room at the empty eyes, not knowing what to say. Finally he uttered a few words. "Have you come to punish me, my master?"
The room shook with an unheard laughter.
I have not come to punish you. Although you have failed in controlling the god of war, you have succeeded in other areas.
"But master, without him we may lose the war."
Your war is of little importance to me. I support it only because it fits into my plan for now.
"I am here to serve you, my master. Your plan is my plan."
Good. There is no reason to punish you then.
"Did the ritual work? Did killing one of the Tirinius bloodline kill Arius in the world of the gods?"
Your ritual worked if your intentions were only to slay a god. If you meant to control your puppet god of war, then you have failed. But these are your troubles, not mine. It matters not if the god of war is Arius or Tirinius, all that matters is that you connected the world of the gods with the world of men.
"If I accomplished all you needed, then why have you come to me?"
I did not say you accomplished all I needed. You are to serve me for eternity. While the gods are now able to walk the earth, we cannot yet fully control things in your world. Other artifacts will need to be found to enhance our power.
"Tell me where the artifacts are and you shall have them all."
Oh you simple humans. To you everything is so easy. In reality I cannot give you the information you seek.
"Why not, master?"
Because Oderion has made laws which we all must obey. No god is able to harm another god. Providing you with the location of such artifacts would be the same as handing you a weapon to kill your enemy. You have already witnessed what one artifact can do to a god. The golden sword was able to kill Arius, an immortal. Aside from the laws of Oderion, I am unable to provide you with the artifacts because I do not know where they lie.
Uritus paused a moment in thought. "Are you able to harm the new god of war?"
Rommus Tirinius is still just a human. There may come a time that he unlocks the secret to immortality, but it is not likely. If my powers here were stronger I would attempt to destroy him, but I do not know what damage I could do to him. I have been able to loosely influence events here in your world ever since you found the sword of Arius, and I attempted to cause him suffering when I saw him alone in the woods. He was able to resist me. 
"If he is mortal, then there is nothing to stop the Mages from killing him. If we cannot control him, at least we can eliminate any threat he may be to us in the future."
Yes, it is in your best interest to kill him, if it is indeed possible, but it would still accomplish little. There is still one more of the Tirinius bloodline walking the earth.
"Tannis. Of course. We intended to use him instead of Rommus since he has a great knowledge of military strategy, but he was far too difficult to capture. Rommus had no guards hovering around him to stop us, so we chose the easier prey. I suppose I can be thankful that I did not bestow such a great power on Tannis Tirinius. He might take the world down with him if he became the god of war."
Do not look for success in your incompetence. Rommus Tirinius is still a threat to you. You must kill him, and you must also kill his father. Only after that bloodline ends will you finally annihilate one of the gods of light and shift the balance of power to the dark gods. You had better hope that you can accomplish this before he has time to father a son of his own.
Uritus smiled. "I wouldn't worry much about that. I took his woman, and he is left with no one. He is heartbroken and dejected. It will be some time before he has a chance at having a child. Besides, he is not interested in having children if I remember correctly."
It makes no difference in the eyes of the gods. If his bloodline continues on for a thousand years, we will be there when it ends. You, however, will not. My plan will not fail; it is only a matter of waiting for its success.
"No, master, your plan will not fail, but I will be the one to see it through. You will see. I will not fail you. And when I succeed in destroying the god of war and shifting the power to the dark gods, I hope that it will prove my devotion to you, and that you will grant me immortality. Then together we can eliminate the other gods and crown you as god of all things."
The room shuddered again in silent laughter.
Such an honor has not been given to any mortal in thousands of years. It is not so easy to win my favor, nor is it easy for any god to accomplish.
Uritus rubbed his chin as he added a few pieces to the puzzle in his mind. "You have walked the earth before then?"
Of course we have. You humans make the mistake of only recognizing the truths in front of you. Just because you have not seen a god does not mean we have not stood on the very ground you stand upon. We were shut away from this world thousands of years ago by Oderion and his minion the god of time. It is too complicated for your human mind to understand, but Oderion used Tachion to travel back to the time before the gods walked the earth¾just as he did when he created this world¾and rewrote our history. To the eyes of most, we have never been to this world, but some know the truth. You cannot undo the memory of a god, much to Oderion's dismay. 
"You're saying that you existed here, but in a reality that is separate from the reality that we humans experience now?"
That's a simple explanation that I would expect from a human, but probably as close as your mind can come to the truth.
"And what of the mortals that you made immortal? Why have I never encountered one?"
When Oderion realized that his time trick did not completely separate the gods from this world, he had to erase all of the evidence he could. Some things he could not erase, like my temple in northern Vindyrion. Without that connection to this world, humans could not die and pass from this world to the next. He also hid the artifacts of the gods such as the scales of Terinopus and the sword of Arius. The immortals were shut away so that they could not exist in the same realm as the mortals.
Uritus watched the hovering figure sway before him as he thought. "Master, what did the immortals do to win your favor and receive the gift of immortality?"
They did nothing to win my favor. I made them immortal because they are of the bloodline which is connected to me, just as the Tirinius bloodline is connected to Arius. By granting them eternal life, I ensured that no man shall ever use my artifact against them. This would kill them and also kill me in the world of the gods.
"Yes, like we did to Arius. I understand. What artifacts are connected to you, Master?"
I have only one. Even the dimmest human could guess that it is a robe. Have I overestimated your intelligence?
"No, master, I assumed that. You must forgive me, for I do not like to assume things and then pretend they are fact. I am eager to learn and to follow you, but I have never been in the presence of a god before."
And the others? Are they devoted as well?
"Yes master, they are. They have obeyed my every command, all to serve you. I have eliminated the Mages who have given me trouble, and now I am left with only truly devout followers. They will obey your every command without question, as will I."
Good. Then we can begin setting my plans in motion. You will begin by finding as many artifacts as you can, including mine. I do not know the locations, but I do know of a book that will help to guide you. It is hidden in the tomb of the third Emperor of Medora. It can be found beneath his head, as if it were a pillow. The book was ancient long before he was born, so it will be fragile. Your language has changed some since it was written, so you will have a hard time understanding it, but in it are the locations of the artifacts, along with other secrets.
"What shall we do with the artifacts when we find them?"
You will keep them hidden here, under constant guard. The only exception is my own. You will wear the robes when you find them, and I will then be able to use you from time to time as my vessel to speak to the men of this realm. I cannot show myself in your world or the gods of light will thwart my plans before I can carry them out. The robes will protect you just as the armor of Arius would, and no man will be able to harm you. It will also enhance your power, and grant you new powers as well. All of the artifacts hold secrets and powers.
"I am honored, my master. I assure you that we will find these items, and we will keep this mission a secret from the other gods and from all men of this world. We will then eliminate the gods one by one." Uritus looked to the floor as thoughts rushed into his head. "Master, isn't giving me the location of this book against the laws of Oderion?"
The laws are strict, but say nothing of providing you with information leading to information that might harm a god. Aside from that, I am hardly playing by the rules if I am planning to destroy the other gods. This is a risk I am willing to take in order to assume control of this world and my own.
The skull face of Inshae turned and appeared to look over his shoulder. The unfelt wind seemed to blow harder on his robes and sent the tattered ends fluttering violently. He turned back to Uritus as his form began to rise in the room and fade slightly.
Another god approaches. They have discovered that Arius is missing and they are suspicious. I must go now. I will return when I am able. Do not fail me.
Common sounds rushed in and filled Uritus's ears as the figure before him vanished. He could once again hear the men outside in the halls and smell the burning candles in the room. All of his senses seemed to be tuned only to Inshae's presence when he was there, and it was disorienting to return to reality. He walked over to his throne and threw himself down heavily upon the soft cushions. With his head in his hand, he went over all the information he had received, and started to formulate his plan.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


He raised his hands to silence the group of men before him. Once again he came to them with knowledge that no other human possessed, and he could see that they hungered for it. On this occasion, he did not stand down on the floor among them, but instead he stood on the altar looking down at his followers. For emphasis, he pushed back his hood to reveal his face. The crowd stared in confusion.
"Brethren," Uritus said, "I bring you news from beyond this realm. While it is true that we failed in controlling the new god of war, we have accomplished the difficult task of merging this world with the world of the gods."
"How can you be sure of this, Red Master?" asked a man beneath him.
Uritus smiled a crooked smile down at his followers. "I know this because less than an hour ago I was visited by a god."
The room erupted in excitement and fear. The men all turned to each other in whispers as Uritus calmly waited for order.
One of the men spoke up. "Which god came to you Red Master? Was it Inshae?"
"Yes Brother, it was Inshae. He has come to us because he requires our service. We are ordered to find the rest of the great artifacts of the gods and bring them here where they will be safe from the eyes and hands of men. He has also ordered that I am to wear his robes when we find them so that he can speak through me and also to enhance my power."
"But Red Master, how are we to find the artifacts? It took us years of searching to find the sword of Arius, and after all that time we spent, you found it on your own."
"Inshae has been kind enough to provide us with assistance. In the tomb of the third Medoran Emperor lies an ancient book with the locations to the artifacts. My memory of Medoran history is not as sharp as it once was, so his name escapes me. But when you find this book beneath his head you will not have any more doubts that Inshae can not only walk this earth, but also that he can converse with me."
"We do not doubt you Red Master. We will find the artifacts for you and our god. If I may ask, what did he look like?"
Uritus ran his hand down his jaw as he considered how to explain what he had seen. "He is not made of dust as we believed he was. He was as solid as you and I, not like a ghost might be. His robes are tattered and not cut neatly like our own. His face is indeed missing a mouth, and in its place there is nothing but bone. And his face is not the bright white skull we imagine. It is dark, almost black. His size is much greater than a man, and he was hovering above the floor when I saw him."
The men all stood silently staring up at him as if they were looking up at Inshae himself. Uritus breathed deep and his eyes sparkled with a drive that the men had never seen before.
"There is no time for this," Uritus said as he pulled his hood back over his head. "The other gods know Arius is gone. We must find the artifacts at once. I want Inshae's robes right away. We must also find the armor of Arius before Rommus Tirinius discovers he has any power. Now go!"



Chapter 17

"I wouldn't touch that if I were you."
"Why not? Look how pretty the flowers are."
Rommus put his hands on his hips as he watched Alana hover dangerously close to the plant. "That plant has a poison that will make you very sick. Some people get it worse than others, and in some rare cases, people have died."
Alana backed away from the vile bush growing from the rocky soil. "How can something so beautiful be so harmful?"
"Well I don't think a plant would do well if it had ugly flowers. Of course, we humans define beauty differently than an insect might, but those flowers are to attract insects, not humans. The poison is what the plant has to offer you. It keeps you away so that it can keep its flowers."
"But that's not fair," Alana said with exaggerated displeasure. "Look how the blue fades to white. Look at the swirling pattern of little dots. I want them."
"I don't think I'll ever understand females and flowers. It seems pretty silly to me. And flowers die, so why cherish them?"
"Because they are flowers," she said as if the statement stood on its own. "Usually a man gives a woman flowers and when we look at them, it reminds us of him and how he went out of his way to do something nice."
"Well, personally I'd rather have something I could keep forever. Anyway, come on we can't stay on this path for long. We need to get back into the woods before we get to that rise over there. We can be seen from a great distance after we reach that point."
"Is any of this looking like what you saw in the dream?" Alana asked as she pushed some unruly hair over an ear.
"No, I haven't seen anything from the dream in a while, but I'm familiar with these paths, so maybe that's affecting my memory."
"I'm still having a hard time believing you. How do I know that you didn't already know the path we were on and you just said it was from a dream?"
"I can't prove it to you, but I might be able to when we get to Vindyrion. I have never been there before but the dream showed me some of it. I would normally think it was just a simple dream if we had not found that old statue on its side in the brush. I am still having a hard time believing that a dream could show me such a thing, but there's no denying it now. I told you about it before we got there."
Alana looked at him from the corner of her eye as they walked. "Oh sure I believe you Rommus," she said sarcastically. "And what did the dream show you of Vindyrion?"
"It's hard to remember, but there were mountains. They were sharp and jagged, not like here. The sun was setting behind them in the red sky. There was snow at the tips of most, glowing pink from the last of the sun's rays. The people lived in towns for the most part, not in the cities. They had tall boots like yours, and dressed in dark colors. I saw no faces because they were all running away from something. I looked back to see what it was and there was nothing but darkness. It was strange though, it seemed darker than actual darkness could ever be. It was like any light that would ever shine again had no chance against it."
"Well Rommus, except for that part about darkness, you could have heard any of that from any Vindyri; and I have never seen any darkness like that there. I'm not impressed yet."
"Well there's more. There was water nearby, loud water like a great river. I never saw it but I heard it. There was a light that I first mistook for the sunset, but it was in the wrong place. As I was facing the real sunset, the light came from my right. Whenever I turned to it, it would fade and disappear. Then men in silver robes rushed past me and entered the darkness. Some of them bowed to me as they passed, but they hurried along and vanished in the blackness behind me. Then all the sounds around me bent into a new sound. It became a voice that came from the false sunset. I couldn't understand the words, but I knew what it wanted from me. It wanted me to come to it."
"And because of a dream you've decided to really go there? I'll tell you Rommus, I thought you were pretty smart, but to do what you see in a dream seems really silly to me. None of that stuff is in Vindyrion. You make it sound like it's full of magic and danger. It's just a place."
Rommus ran his fingers over the golden sword at his hip as he walked. "So there aren't mountains there with snow on them? There aren't people with high boots living in towns and men dressed in silver?"
"Well yes, those things are real, but don't you think you could have dreamed all that because of what I have told you or because of what you knew of Vindyrion before?"
"No, I don't. I know it sounds silly, but it wasn't a dream. It was something more; a vision or something. I have never been so haunted and inspired by a dream before. I have to go there, to the false sunset."
"Rommus, you sound ridiculous. There is only one sunset, no matter which land you're in. See the sun up there through the trees? There's only one. It hovers a hundred miles up there above us until Oderion commands it to set in the evening."
"Now who sounds ridiculous?" Rommus asked her with a smile.
"What do you mean?"
I mean two things. First, that the sun is not a hundred miles away. Second, it's ridiculous to think Oderion makes the sun set. But those things are yours to believe if you choose."
"Then just how far away is the sun, if you know so much?"
"I don't know how far away it is."
"Then how can you tell me I'm wrong? Many people believe the sun is a hundred miles away."
"I'm aware of that, but they're wrong. Have you been in a room with a candle before?" he asked.
"Of course I have. Don't be silly."
"Well what happens when you get close to the flame? What happens to your shadow behind you?"
She put her head down as she thought for a moment. "It gets bigger. The closer you get to the flame, the bigger your shadow gets."
"That's right," Rommus said as he stopped in a clearing in the woods. "It's because light comes out from the flame in all directions, and when you get close, you block more and more of it, not allowing it to hit the wall behind you. This makes your shadow bigger."
"I think I understand what you mean, but I don't see what a candle has to do with the sun."
"Hold out your hand like this." He held his hand out and she did the same. "Now look at the shadow on the ground."
She looked at the shadow of her hand and tried to determine what point he was trying to make. "I still don't see what you're getting at Rommus."
"What do you notice about the size of the shadow?"
"Nothing, it's just a normal shadow."
"It's the same size as your hand. Now kneel down and hold it closer to the ground."
She knelt and inspected the shadow of her hand. "It's still the same size!" she said with the first rays of understanding.
"Exactly. And I have seen the shadow of men's hammers as they worked on tall buildings and they are the same size as the hammer. I have seen huge rocks fired from Medoran ballistae shot high over my head, and they cast the same size shadow no matter how high they fly." 
"Well why does this mean that the sun is not a hundred miles away?" she asked as she looked up at him.
"If it was near us at all, the shadows would change, just like they do in a room with a candle. My guess is that the sun is so incredibly far away that the slight difference in size cannot be detected. It's something that is difficult to prove though, since I don't know how much a shadow would change if the sun was only a hundred miles away. And it's hard to measure that anyway since shadows get blurrier as the objects get higher."
Alana straightened her shirt as she stood. "I don't know. I think I understand what you mean, but I'd need to see some hard evidence before I actually believe it."
Rommus laughed as they started walking once again. "But you don't need hard evidence to prove that Oderion magically makes the sun rise and set?"
"That's totally different. Everyone knows that Oderion controls the sun, moon and stars. What other explanation is there for it?"
Rommus looked up to the sky and paused a moment before he spoke. "There is another explanation, but I don't think you're ready to hear it yet. There are many explanations for things in the world. I think you should think about what I said about the shadows for a while, and maybe you'll come up with the answer yourself."
Alana's eyebrows wrinkled up at him as they walked. "And just who told you all these explanations Rommus?"
"No one."
"Then how did you discover them?"
"By thinking on the matters continually."
She shook her head at him in amazement. "I thought I had you all figured out, Rommus Tirinius. Now you have to go and say something impressive."
He smiled but he kept his gaze on the narrow dirt path before them. "I'm not trying to impress you; I just think it's important to understand things."
"Oh and he's modest too!" she said, teasing him.
They walked on for a while in the warm sun, weaving in and out of the forest onto different trails. Some were simply animal trails, and Rommus took them knowing they would lead to water where they could drink. He put water skins on the list in his head of things they needed to purchase at the next city or town. He also considered buying horses, but with the money they had, they would have very little money left over for food and supplies. For a moment he thought of just buying one horse, but it would have to be a massive animal to carry them both so far. He was certainly heavier than most ordinary men, and she was not petite like Mirra. She was tall and had a frame that was larger than a lot of women, although she still maintained an exquisitely feminine appearance.
Patches of sunlight moved lazily on the forest floor as they made their way back onto a more suitable trail. A gentle breeze cooled them as it rustled the leaves in the canopy overhead, weaving the sounds of nature into a pleasant song. Both of them took some time to be silent and enjoy the surroundings, content just to breathe the fresh air and walk together through such a glorious landscape. Rommus lost himself in his thoughts until he almost lost himself in the forest, forgetting where he was going.
"What about at dusk or dawn?" Alana asked.
Confused, Rommus jerked his head toward her. "What are you talking about?"
"You know, in the morning and in the evening the shadows are longer. Why are they not the same size at dusk and dawn?"
"Oh I see. They are the same size; it's just the angle of the sun that distorts them."
"But I have seen my own shadow stretch out for almost as far as I can see when the land is flat. How can you say it's the same size?"
Rommus scratched his head and twisted his face slightly as he thought of how to explain it to her. "I admit your shadow covers more area, but it's not larger. It's still exactly the same width, it's just that the sun is coming from a different angle. If there was suddenly a wall in front of you, and your shadow fell upon it instead of the ground, it would be normal again. Like I said it's all about the angle."
She brought her fingers to her mouth as she thought. "I think I understand, but I'd still like to test it somehow."
"Well maybe we'll get to test it sometime soon. We have quite a long ways to go before we get to where we're going, and there will be many sunsets between now and then."
"Rommus, what will you do when you get to this place? I mean, what is your plan?"
He breathed deeply and let out a quiet sigh. "I don't have a plan. I have never really had a plan for anything my whole life. Finally I see a light at the horizon¾which is actually a light on the horizon, oddly enough¾and I feel the need to go there. I don't know what waits for me, or if anything is there at all. All I can do is hope that there's some meaning to all of this."
She stared at him quietly for a moment before she replied. "Do you think that maybe you're dreaming about this light because of how you feel about life in general? Could it just be a way that your mind is trying to tell you what you're actually thinking?"
He ran his hand through his hair and down the back of his neck. "I don't know. I have never put much effort into unraveling the secrets in dreams. I do believe that they tell us what's going on deeper inside ourselves, but this one was different. There was this feeling, like this great importance to it. In other dreams, I could see why I dreamt them, but this was like it was something shown to me, not something I created in my own mind. Do you understand what I mean?"
"Well I have never experienced anything like that, but I can understand. I remember when I was little I would wake up from dreams because I realized I was dreaming. When I knew something was too strange to be real I would question it, and as soon as I did I would wake up."
"Yes I have done that a few times too. After a while, you can learn not to wake up. Once you know it's a dream and you can stay asleep, you can do anything you want. You can fly from here to the moon if you like. I have not had it happen in a long time though."
They walked on for a while in silence before she asked another question. "Rommus, how does the moon stay in the sky and not fall to the ground?"
"What makes you think I know the answer to that?"
"I was under the impression that you knew these kinds of things. Do you know?"
He smiled down to her as they walked. "I have an idea why, but I can't be certain it's correct."
She stared at him as he turned back to the path ahead of him. "Well are you going to tell me?" she said with exaggerated impatience.
"I think you had better figure out why the sun sets first, but I will give you a hint. It stays up there because it is falling."
She stopped walking abruptly and he had to stop and turn back to her. "Well, I was thinking you were more clever than I ever imagined, but now I'm convinced that you're just crazy."
"Crazy huh? We'll see about that. Just remember to be open to the idea. Not all things are easy to comprehend at first, but once you have a working knowledge of things, other things seem to fall into place around them."
Through an opening in the canopy above them, Rommus could see a dark gray mass of clouds far off to the east ahead of them. Although it was sunny and pleasant, he knew that within a few hours those clouds would bring rain. They would have to find shelter before the night, and he didn't think they could make it to a town before the storm. He shook his head, cursed his luck, and chose a new trail. He made an effort to find a path back to a paved road. Since the army used the roads to move swiftly through Medora, he was sure to find a campsite somewhere where there was some sort of shelter. He hoped that he could find a site where no soldiers were staying.
He didn't fully explain to Alana why he was taking these paths and trails, and he was glad she didn't ask. Of course it was faster to take the paved roads, but there was always a chance of running into the army, or worse, Mages. Aside from that, he was doing what he saw himself do in the dream. He thought that it was guiding him, and he didn't feel right ignoring it and sticking to the major roads. It was difficult to maintain a steady eastward course, but it was better than running into a group of Mages. He wasn't exactly sure that dead east was where he needed to be anyway.
"Where in Vindyrion did you say you were from? Burnhamheade?"
"No not Burnhamheade. I have been there, and it's not all that far from my town, but I live a little north of there."
He nodded his head as he walked. "Where is Burnhamheade in relation to where we are now? Is it northeast, or is it more east?"
"Well I can't tell where we are right now, but from Brinn it's northeast. It's a lot more east than north though."
"What is your northernmost town or city? Do you know?"
"There is an old deserted town that is up there somewhere, but I forget the name of it. The nearest town to it is called Reyth I think. I have never been there though and I don't know anything about either of those towns. I just remember seeing them on a map."
"Would Reyth be near jagged mountains and a loud river?"
"Well there are definitely mountains up there, but the river I am not sure about. If I had to guess I'd say there was some sort of river there, because we don't build aqueducts like you have here, we build our towns near water."
Rommus paused as he examined the dark gray clouds in the distance. "I think Reyth is where we need to go. Do you think you can find it?"
"I think so. It shouldn't be too hard since roads connect most of the towns. We can just ask someone where it is."
"I'd like to avoid as many people as we can. I don't want to alert anyone to our presence there. I know it's unlikely that anyone there knows who I am, but I don't know the relation between Silver and Black Mages. There's no telling who is looking for us."
"Well I understand how you don't want to draw attention to yourself, but Rommus, people are going to see that you're Medoran. You're going to stand out whether you like it or not."
"I know that. We'll have to deal with that when we get there."
Alana scratched at her arm. "Rommus are you sure you want to go to Reyth just because of a dream? It's a long way. What if we get there and we are out of money and we can't even eat?"
"We'll be careful. Besides, not all food comes from shops. We can find our own food if we need to. I thought a girl like you would be more resourceful." He smiled at the face she was making at his comment. "Are they going to bother us for carrying swords?"
"People are allowed to carry swords in Vindyrion, but you're Medoran. Some people might not trust you with one, so if I were you I'd find a cape or something so that you can at least conceal it somewhat."
"Yeah I was thinking of getting one anyway so that I can use it to sleep on. Black is probably the best for going through your land unnoticed, but I doubt I'll find any black fabric here in Medora. I guess I'll have to sleep on the hard ground until we get there."
"Well your father wore black."
He grabbed her by the arm and stopped her suddenly. "How do you know that?"
She seemed to stumble over her words before she could get them out. "Well, you told me he wore black, don't you remember?"
He studied her eyes for a moment before he answered. "No, I don't, but with everything that's been going on lately, I can see how I might have forgotten something so trivial." He let go of her arm and her shoulders relaxed.
They made their way down a long straight trail that led out of the dense forest. When they got to the edge of the wood, they crossed an open area that led to a paved road going north and south. Beyond the road was more dense forest, so if anyone saw them traveling, it would only be people on that same road. The Mages would have to be coming from the west, and they would have a hard time finding them through the thick woods. He decided to head north for a while and look for some sort of shelter that the army would have used along the way. If there was nothing built, he could always look for a cave or some other place to keep dry, but with no supplies, his options were slim.
A few strands of clouds quietly moved in from the east as they walked on the stone road. The storm was moving faster than he anticipated, and shortly after noticing the clouds above him, he heard the distant rolls of thunder. The air turned cooler, and the breeze picked up, but it seemed to irritate the leaves at the treetops more than it bothered anything else. Soon the bright sunlight fled and left only a muted gray light that blurred the shadows.
"Oh good," Rommus said, "we didn't pass it while we were in the woods."
"What didn't we pass?"
Rommus nodded up the road ahead of them. "There's a camp there, over that hill and off a side road. It's for the army but we'll be able to stay there as long as no one is there. There's nothing there to steal so they don't bother leaving guards. I just hope that Commander Soterus isn't keeping his troops there, but I don't think he would waste time camping so close to Taburdum. If I were him I'd be on my way as soon as possible."
"Will there be a place to get out of the rain?" Alana asked as she held her hair back against a sudden gust of wind.
"Of course there will be. It wouldn't do much good for an army to be cold and wet all the time. They have shelter there."
They walked along in the deepening gloom and reached the side road that led to the campsite. They turned right onto the road and headed east for about a mile before reaching the camp. When they got there, Alana stood with her mouth open.
"This is what you call a camp?" she asked.
"Yes. I know it looks a little fancy for what most would call a camp, but the army needs places like this for when troops are gathered."
"I wasn't expecting buildings. Most of them are made of stone. It's like a town almost, but lacking the charm."
"Well it might look nice and neat, but don't expect to sleep well here. The Medorans keep their soldiers uncomfortable on purpose. A comfortable soldier is a lazy soldier."
"I can see how that can be true, but what could be so uncomfortable about this place?"
"Well, it's not that bad. But you won't find any bedding here or blankets. I can't imagine it will get very cold though. We can build a fire if we can find some dry wood before it rains. There might be wood in one of the buildings."
"What about food? Do you think we'll have anything to eat tonight?"
"You know for someone so slender, you sure worry about eating an awful lot."
"For someone so big, you don't seem to worry about eating enough."
He laughed. "There might be something there but chances are slim. There's no one here to look after that sort of thing, so any food that is here is probably rotten. If we're lucky, Soterus and his men will have been through here and maybe there will be some fresh food they left behind. There will be water there though, but I don't think we'll be in the mood for much water with this storm coming."
Lightning flashed in her eyes. "Well let's find a place to get out of this weather. My hair is already a mess."



Chapter 18

Rommus suddenly realized he was dreaming when he could feel his mind being pulled back to the real world to join his body. He started to feel pressure where his back touched the hard ground upon which he slept. Realizing that this dream was important, he struggled to stay there in the phantom world, and after focusing his thoughts, he was able to do so.
He was again in Vindyrion at sunset. He looked to the west where the crimson sky scorched the snowcapped mountains. Beyond that great mountain range lay Medora. He knew he was far north to see these mountains, because most of the Medoran mountains were much smaller than what he was seeing.
His ears heard no sound as people rushed by him in panic. He tried to run with them to catch up and ask what they were afraid of, but his feet refused to obey him and he could only walk slowly. Finally he caught the arm of a woman running by him, but when she turned to face him, her features slid from her face and then she disappeared altogether. The sight was troubling, but he did not waste time to dwell on it. He knew that he would eventually wake up and he didn't want to miss the meaning of the dream.
He remembered the darkness being behind him in the dream on the previous night, so he turned around to examine it. When he did so, the loud sound of rushing water filled his ears as a great blackness filled his vision. He searched the area for a source of water but he found none. As he looked, he saw men in silver robes running towards him against the flow of frightened people. He took notice that the men had faces, and when he met the gaze of any of them, they would pause and bow their head to him. The men all rushed into the darkness where he lost sight of them.
Suddenly he thought of Alana. He wanted to be able to prove he was actually seeing a real vision of Vindyrion, so he looked for something distinct that he could describe to her. His eyes fell on all the things around him, but nothing seemed special enough to mention. As he searched, he didn't notice the man standing before him. It was a man wearing a silver robe.
"Are you a Mage?" Rommus asked.
The man looked confused as he pushed his hood off of his head. "Yes my Lord."
"What is everyone running from?"
"There is an enemy in the shadow, and there is an enemy in the sun."
"What does that mean? I don't have time for riddles."
The man was silent but pointed to his left. Rommus turned but saw nothing. When he turned back to the man, he was gone. He looked again to the north where the man had pointed and he saw a faint glow beyond the mountains. The light brightened until even the sunset could not be seen. In the sky, in the false sunset, he saw a figure. He tried to concentrate on the image in the sky, but the more he did so, the blurrier it became. As he stood there, he felt a feeling coming from the figure in the sky. It was as if it was trying to tell him something, but didn't know his language, and instead spoke through intense feelings. He closed his eyes and examined the feeling. He knew what it meant.
He felt a cool feeling at his feet which made him look down. A rush of water had come from the darkness and covered all the ground in a cold thin layer of the liquid. In another few seconds, it was evident that the water was rising. Although he knew this was only a dream, he felt a sense of panic. He took a few steps, but stopped himself fearing that he might step in an unseen hole where he might drown in the frigid water. As he tried to think of what to do, the false sunset faded and disappeared. The light spilling over the mountains from the west was barely enough for him to see, and soon there was nothing but blackness. He felt water rising swiftly over his knees; and his panic was rising just as fast. 
Suddenly he remembered what he told Alana about being able to fly to the moon in a dream. In a futile attempt, he searched the black skies above him for any sign of the orb, but found none. He began to shiver from the icy water consuming him, and he actually feared for his life, even though he was aware that he was dreaming. This dream felt so real that he thought it might be possible to actually die there in that shadow realm.
An idea came into his head suddenly. Of course there was no moon in the sky, but there was earth beneath him. He could go anywhere he chose. Again he thought of Alana and finding some way to prove to her that this was more than a dream. He closed his eyes and concentrated on the Vindyri capital of Burnhamheade. When he opened his eyes, everything had changed.
It was a bright sunny day, with birds chirping and a cool breeze blowing. He stood at the outskirts of a mighty city that looked nothing like what he was used to. Instead of massive marble columns in front of buildings, he saw tall walls of dull-colored stone. While the colors were muted, the designs were elegant and quite impressive. There were many places where he could see elaborate scrollwork protruding from the stone for embellishment. Instead of rounded archways, the ones here came to a point, which gave the place a graceful, but slightly aggressive look, reminding him of the blade of a sword.
Where there were columns, they were thin and ornate, which reminded him more of the wrists of a woman than of the stout columns in Medora. They didn't look to be able to support much weight, so he assumed that they were more for decoration than anything else. The windows he saw were pointed arches with delicate ironwork between the panes of glass. In the larger buildings, some of the glass had been stained to make colorful pictures which he thought must light up the insides of the buildings with a dazzling effect.
One building stood taller than the rest, near the center of the city. It had a very large and distinct window if its own, which was round and depicted a scene of a man on a rearing horse, and above him the seven gods in the clouds. He was so impressed with the workmanship of the window that he didn't pay much attention to the people in the streets. When he finally took a look around him, he noticed that the people near him were on their knees bowing. He turned around to see if perhaps the Vindyri King was behind him, but he saw only more people on their knees. He cocked his head in confusion as he realized that these people were bowing to him.
He approached the nearest person to him, which was a little girl not older than five years. He squatted and put his hand under her chin, raising her face to meet his eyes. "Why do you bow?" he asked.
The child raised her eyebrows in a fearful but respectful expression. She did not shy away, but she found it hard to speak, as if maybe she were in the presence of her King. A woman beside her seemed to be paying close attention to the girl, so Rommus assumed that it was her mother. He turned to her and asked her the same question.
"Madam, why do you bow to me?"
Before she could answer, a loud boom shook the ground. The people jumped at the sound, and Rommus noticed that he could see through them as if they were ghosts. Another loud boom and everything around him seemed to fade as well. He realized that he was probably waking up from his dream, and he was hearing thunder in the waking world. He struggled to stay asleep to get some answers from these people, but the sound was too loud and he couldn't remain there.
He lied still when he was thrust back to the real world, hoping that if he remained motionless, he might slip back into the dream. He took a deep breath and tried to ignore the world, but the heavy rain beating on the roof and the thunder rolling overhead would not allow it. Reluctantly he opened his eyes to the soft glow of firelight. Alana sat across the room in front of the small fireplace, with her arms hugging her knees, rocking back and forth. She jumped when she heard him speak.
"I thought you said the buildings in Vindyrion lacked any ornate design."
"What are you talking about?"
"You said that the buildings in Medora were so beautiful, and that the buildings in Vindyrion were boring. I think they look rather beautiful."
"Oh so you had another dream, did you?" she asked as she spun herself around to face him. "And what do the buildings in Vindyrion look like?"
"They were tall, made of flat stone of muted colors. They had arches, but they were pointed at the top, not rounded like the ones here. There were some windows that had colored glass, and one large building that had a huge round window with the scene of a man on a horse with the seven gods above him."
Her mouth hung open in amazement. "That's Burnhamheade," she said.
"I know it's Burnhamheade. I went there on purpose to see if there was something I could describe to you. Do you believe me now about the dreams?"
"It will be a little harder to prove than that Rommus. That window is pretty famous in Vindyrion. Word of it might have reached these parts."
Rommus stretched and covered his mouth as he yawned. "Well, I'd have to actually see the place to prove it to myself anyway. Until I can see if it looks like it does in my head, it's nothing more than a dream. I do find it odd though that I have been having these strange visions."
She ran her fingers through her hair that hung over one shoulder. "Maybe it has something to do with what the Mages did to you. Or it could be that sword. You never know what spells are cast on an object like that"
"Have you ever seen any evidence of magic?" he asked.
"Well of course, the Silver Mages use magic."
"Have you ever seen them do anything extraordinary?"
She paused for a while as she thought. "No, I guess I haven't. There are plenty of stories about them, but they are such a secret society that no one knows much about them. I have never seen them do anything magical with my own eyes."
"Right, that's my point. I have never seen the Medoran Mages practice any magic either, unless you count whatever it was they tried to do to me as magic, but that's hard to say. I think that Mages thrive on the fact that they have a power over people, but it's not necessarily a magic power."
"Well what kind of power do you mean?"
"I think they want everyone to think that they know magic, and they keep the truth a secret. The truth is, there is no magic, or at least if there is, they don't know anything about it. But fear is a magic of its own."
"I can see the wisdom in that. But how could they possibly maintain a lie like that? And what are they for if they can't really practice magic or talk to the gods?"
"I don't know. Let me show you something." He pulled a coin out of his pocket and showed it to her in the orange firelight. "See this coin?"
"Yes, I see it."
"This particular coin happens to be magical. I keep it with me at all times."
"Come on Rommus, you just told me that you don't believe in magic."
"No, I didn't say that. If you paid close attention, I said that there is no magic, or if there is, the Mages don't know about it. I never said I didn't believe."
"Okay then, what does your magic coin do?"
He placed the coin in his left hand and closed it tightly. When he opened it, it was gone. She was startled at the sight.
"Where did it go?" she asked.
"It didn't go anywhere, it's still here." He closed his hand again and turned it over. He then tapped it with the fingers of his other hand. When he turned his hand over and opened it again, the coin was in his palm.
She reached out and took the coin and examined it. "I don't know what to say Rommus. Is it really magical?"
"It is and it isn't. It's about perception."
"Well that comment alone leads me to believe that it's not really magic. How did you do it then?"
He smiled at her obvious intelligence. "I admit, it's a trick, but it really is magic too. When I put the coin in my hand, I only pretended to do so. It stayed in my right hand the whole time, but I was careful to hide it from your view. When it seemed to reappear in my left hand, I had carefully dropped it and caught it when I turned my left hand over. Then I tapped my fist to make it seem like I was exercising some magical power over the coin, and then I revealed the coin to you in my left palm."
"So it's a trick. I don't see how it can be magical then," she said as she handed the coin back to him.
"It's magical because for a minute, you believed it was magical. A trick, performed as magic, is the same as magic."
She twisted her face in confusion. "I still don't understand."
"You have to realize that you don't know the nature of all things. When we discussed the moon and the sun in the sky, you claimed that Oderion made those things happen. In a way, those are magical events for you. For me, they're not. I understand the way it works, so I know it's not magic. Do you see what I mean?"
Thunder boomed and shook the room. "I do, but who's to say you're right and I'm wrong?"
"That's exactly my point. It's about perception, not reality. If I never told you the secret to this coin trick, you might have gone on believing that I had a magical power¾albeit a very useless one. But understanding the nature of the coin and what I can do with it means that I can manipulate your perceptions, and there is power in that. Some would call that power magic."
She stared into his eyes for a while as if trying to unlock the mysteries inside him. "You're a lot smarter than I took you for at first, Rommus Tirinius. That makes sense to me. But if that's all true, then how can we be sure what reality really is?"
"That's a complicated question. I can't say for sure I know much about reality, but I can say that I live my life in the pursuit of it. Underneath of everything, there is truth. It may not always be easy to find, but everything is built on truth."
"But in your theory, the Mages are built on a lie."
"No, I don't mean that sort of truth when I say that. I don't mean that everything is truthful; I mean that when you pull back all the curtains, there is a reality that those lies are built upon. This coin is real. My knowledge of how to use the coin is real. But using those two truths, I can tell a lie. I can manipulate your reality to suit me. Do you know what I mean?"
"I think so. I never thought of anything like this before. Where did you learn this?"
"I learned the trick from my father when I was a boy, but I came up with the theory on my own many years ago. I have had a lot of time alone to think about such boring things."
She laughed and leaned back so that she could cross her feet out in front of her on the floor. "I wouldn't call that sort of thing boring, but I guess some people might. So if the Mages are tricking people into thinking they have these powers, what is their purpose? What are they trying to accomplish?"
"I don't know. I can't say for sure that they don't really have magical powers; it's just what I think. Either way, they are comfortable in letting people believe they do, so it only makes sense that they have an agenda. I don't know what it could be, but they seem to like the power they have, so perhaps their agenda is simply to have more power. Making people fear them just enhances their control over them."
"So maybe they intend to eventually rule Medora? Or the Silver Mages might wish to rule Vindyrion?"
"It's possible. Or perhaps they work together in efforts to rule all the lands. All we can do is guess. But I can't imagine that the Medoran or Vindyri armies would let them come to power. I know the Medorans fear them, but the Legions would slaughter them if they thought they posed a threat."
She was quiet for a while as she stared at her feet in thought. "What do you think the Mages wanted with you?" she asked.
"I think you already asked me that. I really don't know. I am only significant because I am a Tirinius, and the son of the General. And the fact that we were both attacked on the same day might mean something, but then again it might not. If the Mages were behind both attempts, then my guess is that they want to cripple the Medoran army for some reason. The fact that a Vindyri woman was used to try to assassinate my father right before we sent men to help the Vindyri in battle seems strange to me too. Maybe the Mages want the Legions in disarray so that they can make some kind of move and overthrow the Empire."
"Do you think that could really happen?"
"No, I don't think so. I think the might of the army is much too great. It's not like the whole army could have the wool pulled over their eyes at once. There are plenty of soldiers who remain suspicious of everyone at all times. They wouldn't let a few Mages get away with taking over the Empire. Even if they somehow did, the army would not be loyal to them. The Mages might run things for a while, but eventually, soldiers¾Medoran or otherwise¾would come to destroy them."
They both sat for a while and listened to the relentless rain batter the roof. Lightning flashed outside the small window and thunder continued to shake the ground as if the mountains in the north were crumbling. The storm seemed to get worse as time wore on, and Rommus was beginning to think that they would have to stay in the camp for more than one night. It didn't really matter how long it took them to get to Reyth, but he was not comfortable staying in Medora, and wanted to be on his way.
"It's hard to sleep with all this noise," Alana said.
"I know. I am a pretty light sleeper, but for some reason, thunder rarely wakes me up. This time however, it's just too loud. I hope that it lets up by morning so that we can be on our way."
"I'm a light sleeper too. I can never sleep through thunder. I remember being scared to death when I was little and sneaking into bed with my mother. I guess it seems kind of silly, but maybe the fear of it kind of carries over into adulthood. I'm not afraid of it or anything, but it always keeps me from sleeping."
Rommus rubbed his tired eyes with the palms of his hands. "Well it could just be that thunder is loud too. I don't think it's all that uncommon to wake up during a storm."
She cleared her throat after a short silence. "Rommus, if it turns out that you really are dreaming about the future, or about distant places you have never seen, is that magic?"
"I didn't think about that," he said as he put his hands behind his head and got comfortable on the floor. "I am no expert on magic or dreams. I don't have an explanation for it. I guess I'll have to go to Reyth and see what happens. If I can learn the nature of the dreams, then maybe I can use them to my advantage. Then again they might just be ordinary dreams. The statue I predicted that we'd see could have been there since I was a boy, and maybe being out here triggered some forgotten memory of it."
"Well maybe you saw the statue when you were a boy, but it doesn't explain how you could have visions of Vindyrion. I am anxious to see your face when we get there." She followed his lead and tried her best to get comfortable. "Maybe the Mages turned you into one of them, or maybe into some kind of seer."
Rommus closed his eyes. "Well let's see if I have the power to make this storm stop." After a short silence the room shook with thunder, making them both laugh. "I guess not. Hopefully I'll at least have power enough to get some sleep tonight."



Chapter 19

Uritus waited in his throne room impatiently; his eagerness outweighed only by the excitement churning deep in his soul. Not only had his men found the book beneath the head of the entombed third Emperor of Medora, but another Mage claimed he had found something more. That Mage refused to tell anyone but Uritus himself. Uritus knew it was something important. He drummed his fingers on the arm of his throne as he waited for a messenger to bring him the book or any news.
After an hour of staring wide-eyed at the floor in anticipation, a messenger finally arrived. Two Mages entered the room before him and bowed before taking a position at either side of the doorway. The third Mage entered, carefully holding something wrapped in purple satin. He wasted no time and approached the throne, falling to a knee before his master.
"What do you have wrapped in the satin, Brother?" Uritus asked, barely able to contain himself.
"It is as Inshae said it would be, Red Master. I did not open it, for I feared I would damage it, and I did not want to offend you."
"You have done well, Brother. Rise and give the book to me."
The Mage rose at once and came to the black marble throne, handing him the book still wrapped in satin. "As you command, Red Master. Take care with it, for it is very fragile. Some pages are falling out."
 Uritus placed the bundle in his lap and carefully pulled back the layers of cloth. The book looked exactly how he imagined it would, somewhat larger than the average book, leather-bound and worn all over the surface. He checked the spine for a title but found none. The pages were tattered from use and neglect, most of them dry and thin. He opened the book cautiously, knowing that the slightest tear might ruin valuable information. On the first page, he found the title. Some of the words were not spelled how they would be in more modern times, but he understood what they meant:
The Book of Eternal Wisdom
He smiled to himself as he stared at the page. "So this was indeed found beneath the head of the Medoran Emperor?"
"Yes Red Master, his name was Erratus Ridoria."
"I do not care what his name was. Did you find anything else buried with him?"
"He was nothing more than a dusty skeleton, but with him was buried a sword and some jewelry. We left it all there undisturbed, and only took the book. It was under the cloth that he lay upon, and we damaged it because it was brittle. We did our best to make it look as it did before we took the book, and I do not think anyone would notice if they happened to open his tomb."
"Excellent. People don't make it a habit of opening old tombs very often anyway. You did well in your task, and you will not go unrewarded."
"Thank you Red Master," he said as he bowed and turned to exit the room.
"Wait Brother," Uritus said. "As you know, this book has information leading to artifacts placed here by the gods. In addition to the main artifacts related to each god, there will be more items that will benefit us. I appoint you to be in charge retrieving these items. We will all work together, but you will be the one to physically obtain the items. I cannot be there for each and every discovery, for I am a busy man."
"I am honored, Red Master. I will not fail you," he said as he bowed his head.
"What is your name brother?"
"I am Denura, Red Master."
"Remove your hood and reveal yourself, Denura."
The man hesitated a moment but did as he was told. Free from the shadows of his hood, Uritus could see a pair of piercing blue eyes, a straight nose and a strong, wide jaw. His cheeks were covered in short bristles from an apparently unending battle to keep a beard from growing in. The man looked like he was probably a soldier, or at least he was in the past, as soldiers were required to be clean-shaven at all times.
"For your dedication and service, Denura, I raise your rank to the rank of Blue Mage. You will wear the robes of a Blue Mage, and when we are not in the presence of other Mages, you may call me by my name if you wish."
"Thank you Red Master. Again I am honored. I will perform my duties above even your expectations."
"Very good. Now leave me as I study this book."
The man bowed his head and went to the door, pulling his hood over his head again as he left. Uritus watched him stride away proudly, the two other Mages at the door falling in step behind him as he exited. After they were out of sight, his eyes fell again upon the book in his lap. He gently ran his fingers over the frail leather binding, caressing it as if it were a shy woman. He wondered why such an important book would be laid in the tomb of such a random and unknown Emperor, and beneath his head of all places. Certainly the Medorans at the time recognized that it was an important book, so why did they bury it with this fallen ruler? Was this man tied to it somehow? Was he the last guardian of the great secrets it held in its pages? He decided that he would go to the trouble to remember the name of this Erratus Ridoria.
He was excited to start unfolding the mysteries of the book, but he suddenly became aware of a presence in the room. Something prodded him in an irritating manner, and although he could not see the culprit, he knew who it was. It was Zidaoz, pestering him again from the world between worlds. He folded his hands over the treasure in his lap and closed his eyes half way, letting the shadow world fill his mind. It was much easier to navigate now that he had a little experience, and it really took no effort at all. His vision swam slightly as the room turned to darkness. A wild rush of sparkling lights whirled around him in vivid colors, filling him with a dizzy, yet pleasant feeling. Colorful mists hung motionless in places, giving the blackness a depth that he could not fathom. Eventually he found himself before the bright light that was the soul of Zidaoz. The light faded and his dark form appeared when he got close.
"I do not have time to wait for you to answer at your leisure, Medoran."
"I answered when I felt your presence. Do not blame me for your weak ability to contact others. What do you want?"
"I have just finished our journey into the sealed lands to the south. We are now encamped just south of the southern wall. I have destroyed the barrier, although I do not think that men will know of it for some time. It was not easy, and now we face a great hardship. My men are weak from the travels, and I am too weak to adequately protect them with magic. If any rogue bands of Vindyri confront us, we will have more trouble than we can handle."
Uritus gritted his teeth in anger and frustration. "Why did you not take more men with you? You are delaying the plan. What do you intend to do?"
"I can do nothing but retreat to Zuhr for now. I will gather strength there in men and magic, and be on my way as soon as possible. I could not afford to take a large group of men, for I feared that we would be detected."
"You fool. The Vindyri do not waste time watching the southern wall like the Medorans do. And what do they care anyway? You are safe there. Send riders back to Zuhr to call your men to arms and be on your way."
There was a long silence as he watched the dark figure before him shimmer in the darkness. The Zidaoz was obviously considering his words, and was probably embarrassed by them. Finally he heard his voice again. "I will do as I see fit, Medoran. Do not forget that I am ruler of the Bhoors, and you are not."
Uritus ignored the comment and pressed on. "What of the Dirujen? Did you wake this beast as planned?"
The Dirujen did not need waking. I needed only to open the barrier. But fear not, I have accomplished our goal. It did not go exactly as I had planned, but rest assured, the Dirujen will be a powerful weapon against our enemies."
"I hope so. If not, you are in a great deal of trouble."
"No, Medoran, if things do not go well for me, we will both be in a great deal of trouble. Be thankful that I have the decency and forethought to keep you informed. I cannot sit here in this vulnerable state and make small talk. I have preparations to make and I must be going."
Uritus did not waste time and effort on a goodbye; he simply slipped back to the real world without saying a word. The shimmering lights rushed by him and the darkness gave way to the calm light of the torches hissing quietly in the room. He was growing tired of the insolent Zidaoz and his childish demands for respect through displays of impudence. The Bhoor was not aware of it, but he was adding bricks to his own tomb every time he treated Uritus with anything but respect. When he was finished using the Bhoors, he would crush them into the dirt they set their tents upon. He sneered as he imagined living a life in the miserable land of Bhoor-Rahn.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Uritus sat with one of the Purple Mages in a small library in the labyrinth under the city of Brinn. Hundreds of dusty books surrounded them on wooden shelves and racks, their shadows swaying in the candlelight. After having torn one of the pages in the book, he decided not to touch it any more and risk any further damage. He used his magic to gently turn the pages as it gently hovered slightly above the table in front of them. The Purple Mage copied the words into a new book so that the information could be easily accessed without harming the ancient text. Uritus would have done it himself, but he felt that his handwriting was not neat enough, and besides, having someone there with him to assist in deciphering the strange dialect was helpful. He chose this particular Mage for his expertise in the subject of language.
The Purple Mage spoke and interrupted his thoughts. "See here, Uritus?" He pointed to a block of text he had written several pages earlier. "Here it says that the artifacts are not always as they seem. Some are disguised."
"I see that, but I don't understand the relevance. We need only to find them and bring them here, not use them. Inshae did not say I could use any but his robes."
"Well it's important that the Mages who are searching for them know that the item they find is in fact the true artifact and not some useless charm."
"Yes I suppose that's true. Have you found any references to the robes of Inshae yet?" Uritus asked as he wiped his hand across his brow.
"No, nothing of the robes, but this section here is on the hammer of Maeris. It does not tell us the location, but it does say that if a human wields this hammer, his army will be absolutely fearless. They will be bent on destruction and almost nothing can stop them."
"Well the hammer of the god of destruction would certainly be useful, but I would not attempt to use such a thing without the permission of Inshae. What was the part again about the armor of Arius?"
"Yes that's what I was getting to. That section says that the full armor will never be found, only the vambraces."
"What are vambraces?" Uritus asked. "I do not know that word."
"They are the bands of armor that cover the forearms. Not many soldiers wear them, which is probably why you are unfamiliar with the word. Mostly you find them on ceremonial armor."
Uritus cradled his chin in his hand as he rested his elbow on the arm of his chair. "So what does that mean? That there is no more armor than that for the god of war?"
"Well, putting these sections together, I would guess that the vambraces only represent the armor. It says very clearly that the full armor will not be found, so either the vambraces are all there is, or the armor was lost before the book was written."
"That sounds a little confusing. Regardless of how much armor is accounted for in this book, we must find it all. We'll have to keep reading and translating to find out what everything means. Finding that armor is absolutely imperative; we can't let Rommus find it before we do."
"I understand the importance in this matter. I will not sleep until every line in this book is copied. We will read and understand every word on every page."
Uritus nodded as he stared at the delicate book before him. "It seems like you have been writing a lot, and we don't have much useful information."
"I know. My hand is aching from it, believe me. Most of this is formal writing and not necessary at least as far as I can tell. There is a lot about the history of this land before it was called Medora, although it's possible it was written after the rise of the Empire. Other parts are descriptions of people involved with the book and the rulers of different lands at the time. Another part a few pages back described parts of a forest I believe. Either I am misinterpreting what the words mean, or the people who wrote this book placed importance on very odd things."
"Odd things like a hammer used by a god?"
The man cracked a smile. "Yes I suppose that sounds rather odd itself." He rubbed his fingers across his chin in thought. "Maybe there is some secret hidden in the words. Or maybe it will make better sense when we have finished."
"What does it say about a forest? That seems especially odd to me."
The Mage flipped through a few pages to find the section he was looking for. "I am not positive it says forest, but it's definitely something about nature." He ran his finger along a few lines silently. "It's something about ruins of a civilization, a mark left upon the land. The ruins are the forest, or nature¾something like that."
"What does that mean? Is it some reference to people living in the woods?"
The Mage shook his head. "No, I don't think it's something that simple. I get a feeling of greater importance than that when I read it. I wish there was more to that part, but there's not."
"Well the book is on eternal wisdom, not just the location of the artifacts of the gods. I want to know what every line means, no matter how trivial it sounds."
"Of course Red Master, I do as well. We will unlock all of its secrets, don't worry."
Just then a knock came at the library door.
"Enter," Uritus said.
The wooden door creaked open and a Mage entered, removing the hood from his head. Brighter torchlight spilled through the doorway around him and lit the room with a fierce orange glow. The Mage bowed his head to them, holding a large burlap sack in one hand.
"What is it Brother?" the Purple Mage asked.
"I have come to see the Red Master. I must speak with him alone." His eyes darted to the Purple Mage and then back to Uritus.
"It's all right, Brother. I trust this man. Tell me what you have to tell me. What is in the bag?"
The man hesitated for a second but then approached the table where they sat. A muted clink could be heard inside as he raised his arm proudly and handed Uritus the sack. Uritus opened the top and immediately a wide, almost evil grin came to his face.
"What is it?" the Purple Mage asked.
Uritus reached into the bag and grasped one of the objects inside. "You're not going to believe this."



Chapter 20

"What else did the King tell you, Ambassador?" Tannis asked.
Andrew cleared his throat and knitted his fingers together on the table before him. "In addition to the request for your assistance and the terms for the division of spoils, he also offers the hand of his niece in marriage to the Emperor of Medora, although I am sure he would offer it to you, General Tirinius, if the Emperor refused."
Tannis looked into the eyes of the Emperor sitting across the table. "The Emperor and I both refuse. I find the custom appalling. I cannot imagine forcing a young woman to marry a man for any reason. It goes against the freedoms we stand for here in Medora."
Andrew stumbled over his words in embarrassment. "I am sorry General Tirinius. I did not know you felt that way." After a short pause, he smiled and added: "Perhaps you should take a look at her before you so abruptly dismiss the idea." His smile was withered by an angry stare from Tannis that embarrassed the Ambassador even further.
Tannis got up from the table and began pacing slowly. "Why would the King offer his niece? That seems unfair to the parents of the woman."
Andrew cleared his throat again. "Well, he has no daughter of his own. He has no son either, which is complicating things in Vindyrion, since the King is getting older now. Even if he does eventually have a son, he will not be able to raise him and shape him into the leader he wants him to be; but that is another matter.
"The King has a sister, and she has a daughter. Aside from the Queen, there is no other royal blood in the whole kingdom. The King thought that offering you this daughter would be taken as a gesture of respect and sacrifice. Neither he nor I meant for it to offend you."
"If that truly was his intent then I am not offended. I will not, however, enslave a woman to a life without love. We are men of action; our time for love has come and gone. The women in our lives were taken by the gods many years ago, and we will not disrespect them by accepting this proposition. I would not speak for the Emperor in this matter if I did not know him so well. We have discussed such things before."
"I understand," said Andrew. "I think the King will understand as well."
"I still don't understand how it would be fair to the parents of the girl. Is this really the way you handle things in your land?"
"Well General, there are worse things that can happen to a young girl. I think many would be honored to wed an important person such as you or your Emperor. Many who are young are in love with love, and not truly in love with a person. From that, true love might come, and it might not. But being married to a wealthy, powerful person is not the worst that could happen. Besides, to be the woman that unites our nations is a special title to hold."
The Emperor broke in. "Our nations are not united, Ambassador, nor will they ever be. Vindyrion has proven to be an ally in recent times, but the General and I remember a time when violence was the only communication between our lands. There are many Vindyri who still hold this idea dear to them, and we are endlessly battling your soldiers, even in this time of peace. But the rewards of our friendship outweigh those troubles, and we accept that not all Vindyri are willing to accept the Medorans. You should understand that we Medorans are free to feel the same distrust for your people."
"Of course, Emperor," Andrew said as he bowed his head. "I am not so young that I can't remember those times of war. Those times hurt us all, and I would not like to return to them. No Vindyri in his right mind wishes to have the full wrath of any nation brought down upon us. This is why the King has sent me here to you; to stop the Bhoors from overpowering us and destroying our way of life."
"What would the King do if he was in no position to ask for our help?" Tannis asked. "He has obviously brought on this trouble himself. He is responsible for letting the Bhoors live among you. He is responsible for whatever deed enraged them enough to raise arms against you. Medora has played no part in this. We understand the danger of these people and keep them out of our lands."
"But General Tirinius, with all due respect, have you not allowed the Vindyri to come into your land and live among you? You once thought of them as your enemy, and now you pass them on the street and smile. That is the way of the Vindyri. We believe each person must learn to accept everyone."
Tannis breathed in a deep breath to control the rage inside him. "You do not understand the powers you tempt, Ambassador. We are not as accepting of the Vindyri as you might think, and we will never accept the Bhoors. You and your people see our wealth and prosperity and you realize that you cannot compete on our level. Instead, you somehow come to the conclusion that your way of acceptance is morally correct, and your moral wealth is greater than our own. I do not care what you think of morals and acceptance, and you will not preach your nonsense here."
"General, I did not mean?"
"Silence. Your apologies are getting old. You have come to us because your ways have brought you failure. Your acceptance of the Bhoors has put you in a dangerous position which you cannot escape from without help. You have come to our door because you know that the might of the Medorans is the only thing that can save you now. You come to us because you know our feelings on the Bhoors, and you wish for us to take care of them so that you can pretend the blood is not on your hands, but ours."
"General we are willing to fight them to protect ourselves. We do not wish for you to fight the battle for us, but we cannot do it on our own. We wish for you to fight alongside us as friends and allies."
"Against your own 'friends and allies'? Your reasoning is ridiculous. You have underestimated the hatred and drive of the Bhoors. You have lain down next to a viper and you are shocked that he would bite you. The Bhoors will not stop pushing their ideology until every living being believes as they do. Have you not seen them try to convince you to accept their ways and their religion?"
Andrew rubbed his fingers together nervously. "There are some Vindyri who have changed to be more like the Bhoors, yes, but we all still believe in honor and doing things for the good of mankind."
"That's the problem. All people believe in honor. No one is proud to be devoid of honor. No man stands up and shouts that he is on the side of evil. All men believe that they are doing what is best for mankind. The difference between the Bhoors and the Medorans is that we do not push our way of life on anyone. We do not force our people to worship a particular god. The difference between the Medorans and the Vindyri is that we interact with other cultures without diminishing our own. The Vindyri you see walking our streets are here living in Medoran culture, not bringing your ways into our society. It is their choice to live here. If they don't like our ways, then they are free to return to Vindyrion. The Bhoors attacking you right now are not interested in letting you return to your culture. They are bent on destroying it and replacing it with their own."
"General, I think you have the wrong idea of the Bhoors. In general, they are peaceful and decent to others. It is wrong to assume things about an entire civilization. You cannot group them all together and judge them all so harshly."
"I can and I do!" Tannis snapped. "You come here preaching equality and fairness, and yet you judge me. I am free to think whatever I want about the Bhoors, but when my views do not suit your taste, you look down upon me from your high moral ground. Acceptance means that you have to allow me to have my view, not just your own."
Andrew paused a while, staring into Tannis's eyes. "I understand your words, General, but it is hard to see it the way you do. I mean no disrespect to you, and I am sorry. But I live in Vindyrion. I live alongside Bhoors, and I know they are a good people."
"A good people coming to slay you all," the Emperor said.
"You claim to have experience living with the Bhoors," Tannis said as he put his hands behind his back. "The Emperor and I have had experience with them as well. As I mentioned, we have ridden to war against them. We saw the things they did. We saw the things they tried to do to our people. They torture innocent children. They find pleasure in killing. They do it all in the name of their god so that it is justified in their minds. And on top of that, they are dedicated to erasing all other cultures from existence. Not only will they kill you Andrew, they will destroy every memory of you so that the children in the future will sing only the songs they themselves write."
"Forgive me, my Lords. I am not here to argue with you. I am here to ask for your assistance. It was rude of me to make such statements here in your land. You are right; you are free to think what you will."
The Emperor put his hand on Andrew's shoulder. "My boy, in this great land you are free to make such statements. There is no need to apologize. If anyone should apologize it should be us for handling this matter in such a blunt way. We are all going through a troubling time. Please forgive us."
There was a hot flame raging behind Tannis's eyes. "I do not ask for forgiveness. You will accept my views for what they are, or you will not. I do not care about your feelings."
Andrew shrank back from the imposing General. "I understand, General Tirinius."
Tannis walked over to the wall where there were shelves holding books. He removed a few and flipped through them until he found the one he was looking for. When he returned to the table, he slammed it down on the wood a little louder than was necessary. He opened the book to the first page where an ornate map was painted. In the center was the known world according to the Medorans, and surrounding it were the three gods of light and Oderion in the center. In one lower corner were three statues meant to be Inshae, Maeris, and Aedensor, the gods of darkness and in the other corner was the Emperor's Hall. All of the figures were executed masterfully, and seemed to be coming off the page. The whole map was surrounded by a brilliant blue sky and delicate gold scrollwork.
"What a beautiful map!" Andrew said. "How did the artist make the gold look so real? It's extraordinary."
"Pay no attention to the gold and the figures. I show this to you because I do not have any other map nearby," Tannis said. "I am showing this to you so that we can determine the best plan of action. Where was the Bhoor army last time you saw it?"
"I never saw the Bhoor army, only the Vindyri army. But most of the Vindyri I saw were here, southeast of Burnhamheade." Andrew pointed to the place on the map. "The ones arriving in Burnhamheade were only the first wave of the retreat. For the whole of my trip to Medora I could look to the east and see the clouds of dust on the horizon. They started the retreat a few weeks ago, and I am sure it has ended by now, but I have not been able to see the sky from the room you have me staying in."
"Why did they not all retreat at once?" The Emperor asked as he leaned on the arm of his chair and scratched his eyebrow.
"Well, so much of the army went off to fight the Bhoors that there was almost no protection left for the towns and cities. Many men stayed at the front and gave their lives so that the rest of the army could return to Vindyrion and protect the people. It had to be done in waves because the front line was continually annihilated and had to be replaced by those farthest east."
"That sounds reckless to me," Tannis said. "Is your King so foolish that he would send his entire army to war and leave none at home?"
"He knew that you would not agree with the strategy, and he was not happy with the plan from the start. But the Bhoor army was much larger than he thought. Like I said, I never saw it, but I heard the scouts informing the King, and they said that they blackened the land for as far as the eye could see. There was no way to even guess at the number."
Tannis sat down in his chair across from the other two men. "I have been in more battles than I can remember, and I have never seen such a thing. Your scouts must have simply panicked and overestimated."
"Well, that may be true, I really can't say. What I do know is that I saw some of them men returning from battle and they had tears in their eyes. I have seen men cry before, but not like this. These men were terrified."
Tannis looked to the eyes of the Emperor. He could sense what he was thinking. He was thinking the very same thing himself. "If the Bhoors are not stopped, they will roll right over the Vindyri and invade Medora."
The Emperor scratched his head, attempting to hide his uneasy feelings. "But surely the Bhoors cannot have an army that could be that size. They are a poor people."
"No," Tannis said. "They were a poor people. They have had something like 20 years to trade with the Vindyri and whoever else is on their eastern border; and last time all of our nations fought each other. They are stronger now. They might have recruited everyone in the lands around them. They have had time to grow wealth and have sons who are now of fighting age. All this time they have been preparing to meet us in battle again."
"Tannis, you are overreacting. We are safe here," the Emperor said as he tried to get comfortable in his chair.
"I respect you Emperor, you know that. But I must tell you that you are being foolish. Is closing your eyes to this danger and pretending that it does not exist a wise thing to do? Is your confidence in our safety enough to protect your people? We must ride out and meet this enemy before he comes to our borders."
"We have sent men. Soterus has 20,000 men with him and you sent another 20,000 behind him."
"I now regret doing so. We need to send five full Legions into Vindyrion."
The eyes of the Emperor went wide. "Five Legions? With only two to protect the cities? Did you not just call the Vindyri King a fool for doing much the same thing?"
"King Weryn is a fool for many reasons, but he is not so foolish that he would send his entire army to battle without it being necessary. I feel that we must do the same in order to have a chance against the Bhoors. They will not expect us to be so reckless, and we will take them by surprise."
"Do you really think this is the best solution Tannis?"
"Yes Emperor, I do. Now that I have a little more information I feel that this is the best way to ensure our safety. We will still have two Legions here at home, and we will not have to fight on our own soil. The Bhoors will have to go through all five Legions on the field before they can confront the final two here."
The worried eyes of the Emperor looked into the confident eyes of the General and softened. "I trust you Tannis. I know you know what is best to protect our people. If you need five Legions, you will have them."
"Guard!" Tannis shouted. A man threw open the door to the room and entered, standing at attention. "Guard, inform the Commanders of every Legion except Moon and Earth that they are to gather provisions and be ready to ride to war. All five Legions must be ready by sunrise. Send riders to all the towns immediately to spread word to the soldiers there. Go at once."
The guard did not even take the time to salute, and instantly sprung into motion. His footsteps could be heard echoing through the open door as he ran down the corridor. Tannis turned back to the men at the table and slammed the book closed. "I will not even bother to point to the place on the map where I think the Bhoors are now. We don't have much time."
Andrew fidgeted nervously in his chair. "What shall I do, General? Am I to return to Vindyrion now?"
"Yes Ambassador. But you will not go alone. You will come with us and we will escort you back to Burnhamheade, unless it has already been overrun. If it has, I am sure the King is not there, and we will take you to wherever he is."
"Why can I not be on my way before the morning? The Bhoors do not know that I am an Ambassador."
"You don't know that. Besides, none of my scouts or any of our Ambassadors have returned from Vindyrion, so obviously you are a target. It is in the best interest of the Bhoors to disrupt any communications between Medora and Vindyrion. Under different circumstances, I would have sent you back to your King with our terms. We were going to tax you heavily for this war, but now it seems that we have more important things to worry about. You will ride with me, never leaving my sight."
"As you wish, General Tirinius," Andrew said as he bowed his head.
Tannis stood up, his towering form throwing a long shadow over the table. "I must prepare for battle. I will leave instructions for the Moon and Earth Legions. Andrew, gather your things and be ready by morning." He turned abruptly and walked away, his heavy boots making loud echoes in the room as he made his way to the door.
"Tannis," the Emperor called out, bringing him to a halt. "May the gods be with you."
Tannis said nothing as he calmly walked through the door and down the corridor towards his quarters.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


It was an unseasonably cool morning in Medora. The blue mists of daybreak clung to the fields in a futile effort to avoid the coming rays of the sun. A few birds cawed loudly as they made for their destination somewhere in the open purple sky. Tannis never bothered with the superstitions about seeing birds in the sky before a journey. He couldn't remember if it was supposed to be a good omen or a bad one. Either way he thought it was ridiculous that people placed so much importance on such trivial things. The way he saw it, the gods would decide what ultimately happened to him, birds or no birds.
The ground was firm again around the stables. The recent rains had turned the network of dirt roads in the area into a sloppy mess of mud and muck. Aside from any paths in the woods or random trails, the stables were the only place where there were dirt roads in Medora. The neatly paved stone roads were not only cleaner, but necessary for the army to move swiftly if they were needed. Luckily the Vindyri had the sense to pave many of their roads as well, so there would be little trouble in getting to the front line in good time.
These particular stables were larger than the ones deeper inside Brinn. Most of the ones in the city were for horses that were owned by the people, and pulled carts and wagons to keep the economy active. Here at the outskirts of the city, the warhorses were kept. Tannis walked in through the broad opening and was greeted with the smell of fresh oats and the sounds of horses eager to leave their stalls. Most of the horses came to their stall door to see who was coming. The one at the end snorted and tossed his head erratically, clearly showing his excitement.
Tannis didn't show his own excitement, but he had to fight the urge to grin at the beast. This horse cared for no other being but him, and that loyalty made him feel good. The only other person that the horse paid any attention to was his son. Rommus had always said that the horse probably thought they smelled similar.
He finally reached the last stall and put a hand to the horse's muzzle to calm him. He appeared to be a midnight blue color in the muted light of the coming dawn, but the horse was as black as the raven hair of the Medorans. His coat shined like no other, accenting his enormous muscles. Rhodiir was no ordinary horse. Like Tannis he was larger than normal, and his whole body was meatier and fuller than the average steed. His muscles were large and toned, and his legs were thicker and heavier to support the massive weight. He was a proud animal, a great warrior, and even a friend.
Some soldier had already come and saddled and harnessed him, and Tannis was certain he was fed as well. He opened the stall door and Rhodiir strode out in his typical noble manner. Tannis ran his hands over his flanks, checking him over for nothing in particular. It was all part of their ritual, but he claimed to "check" the animal so that no one would realize he was actually petting him. Rhodiir always stood still and allowed Tannis to touch him for as long as he liked, so he knew the horse enjoyed it as much as his master did.
Rhodiir cocked his head and snorted. He obviously heard someone coming before Tannis did, but he could read the animal's thoughts. He turned to the entrance and waited for someone to come into view. A soldier from the Star Legion came around the corner, accompanied by Pirius Tecadelion, the younger son of the Emperor.
"Gentlemen," Tannis said, "make it quick. We are preparing for war and must be going."
"Of course, General," the soldier said. "I am from the Star Legion, and I will be going as well. I come because I have news of your son. You must forgive me for the delayed news, but I was not the one to hear it, and I deliver the message that was meant to come from another."
"What is wrong? Is Rommus all right? Why are you bringing me this news and not the original soldier?"
"Your son is fine, General. The first soldier to hear the news was my brother, and he has had an accident." The man stood tall, but tears fought to fill his eyes. "He fell from his horse and was found by the roadside between here and Taburdum. He was in bad shape, and he has died."
"I am sorry to hear that, soldier. Find comfort in the fact that he died serving Medora, and no matter how small the task was, it was important. What was his message?"
"He was sent by Commander Soterus from Taburdum before they left for Vindyrion. Rommus had passed through there and met with Soterus. He sends news to you that you are permitted to take the weapons you need from his forge, and that he had some sort of encounter with Mages, but he is unharmed." The man breathed in a few ragged breaths in an attempt to fight the tears that were brimming in his eyes. "If there was more to the message, I am afraid he died before he could tell us. I am sorry General Tirinius."
Tannis put his hand on the man's shoulder. "Do not be sorry. You have done well, and so did your brother. The information is more important than you realize. What is your name, soldier?"
"Heona is my name," he said.
"Heona I want you to stay here with your family in their time of tragedy. I don't want your mother to lose two sons if I can help it."
The man straightened and stood a little taller. "With all due respect General, I wish to come to the battle. The Empire needs me, and I have a duty to uphold."
Tannis looked down into the man's eyes for a moment. "Very well, Heona. I am glad that you have chosen this path. Go now and prepare for war with the others. I wish to speak with the Emperor's son." The man quickly saluted and left the stable.
Pirius leaned against the wooden wall next to him and crossed his arms. "The information was more important than he realized? Was it some kind of code that you and Rommus use?"
"No, it is no code. It's not even important news," Tannis said as he went back to checking his horse.
"Then why did you tell him that? I don't understand."
"We must comfort our friends in their time of need. It did not do any harm to let him think his brother's mission was more important than it really was. If a sentence can make a man feel better about the honor of his brother, then I will say it."
Pirius brought a hand to his dimpled face. "I see. Aren't you at least concerned for Rommus's safety? It's why I made sure to bring that soldier here before you left."
"Rommus is a man. He's a strong, capable man, even if he lacks drive. The fact that he had an encounter with Mages days ago can't be changed now, and he has the sense to lay low for a while. I already went to his forge myself and retrieved the weapons that the assassins needed, so the message is fairly useless to me."
"You know, one more thing confuses me Tannis. Why would you tell him that he could stay here? Isn't the war more important than one man and his misery? That's the kind of thing I expected you to say."
"It is absolutely true, young Tecadelion. You know me well. My reason for it was simply that I saw how he was affected by his tragedy, and I did not want his condition to compromise the men around him. Men depend on each other in battle, and I did not want other men in danger because of this man."
"And yet you still let him go off to war?" Pirius shook his head in confusion. "I am afraid I don't understand these things at all."
"You are young, Pirius. Some things make better sense when you have a few years behind you. I could see in his eyes that he is a determined warrior, and that he will most likely use this war to forget his troubles, and maybe even bring some peace to his heart in his service to Medora. It's just something a General can see."
Pirius shook his head again. "I still don't quite understand, but I guess that is why I am not a General. What about these Mages? They seem to be causing quite a bit of trouble lately. Are you going to do anything about them?"
Rhodiir tossed his head and snorted, obviously wanting to be away from the stranger in front of him and off to battle. "The laws of this land do not permit us to punish a whole group of peaceful people for the actions of a few. For all we know, the Mages involved were not Mages at all. I have seen it happen before. People fear Mages, and a criminal can get away with a lot if he dresses like one."
"That sounds dangerous to me. I think we should be able to uncover these Mages and find out what it is they actually do. They are supposed to be able to talk to the gods, but if they can, they certainly don't bother to tell us what they say."
"I don't know if they can converse with the gods or not, but I think they would ignore all the gods but one. Most Medorans believe they worship only Inshae, and not all seven gods."
"Right. All the more reason to uncloak them," Pirius said.
Tannis gently persuaded his steed out of the stable and into the soft glow of the coming morning. Pirius followed his lead. "Tell me, Pirius, what do you know of Inshae?"
"He is the god of death; an evil god."
"That's an accusation I have heard countless times. But what makes you think he is evil? Has he harmed you or anyone you know?"
"He took my mother when I was born."
Tannis breathed in a calm, patient breath. "Do you know why the god of life holds a pair of balances, Pirius?"
"No I don't. What does Terinopus have to do with the god of death?"
"All of the gods are necessary. Just because they are charged with a duty that we feel is unfair to us does not make them evil. The god of death is no more evil than the god of life. You simply don't understand his role."
"I understand that he is the one to take us to Morendiir, the city of the dead. I know that death is natural and a part of life, but you can't prove that he is good, just as I cannot prove he is evil."
Tannis looked down at the man and felt a little pride. Mostly Pirius did not discuss any issue like this, and it was good for him to do so. One day, if Uritus were unable, Pirius would rule the Empire. He needed to focus on more than just women if he would ever be able to do so.
"Very true, young Tecadelion. I cannot prove he is good or evil. But death itself is no more evil than birth. I can only assume that the gods in charge of both are equally indifferent to the matters."
"And the pair of balances? What do they represent?"
"They represent exactly what you think they do; balance. While humans live a life of imbalance, the gods exist in a different way. You cannot have death without life, nor life without death. Black and white, good and evil, yesterday and tomorrow; it is all balanced by the gods."
"Then why would a single god have control over the balance?"
"For the same reason an Emperor has control over an Empire. Take Medora as an example. The Emperor has control over the balance of the empire, but he has men beneath him to control certain things. As General, it is my duty to protect the Medorans, though I do not rule over them. The Empire functions as a unit, but your father controls the direction in which we move."
"Gods, empires, good, evil; who can keep track of all this? Why are things not simpler, like when I was a boy?"
"I think that is the reason that we adore children and let them get away with things. We realize that their world exists only as far as they can see. Knowledge eventually comes to destroy the innocence, and the damage is irreversible. We let them hold on to that innocence because we know that it will soon be gone forever. Maybe we parents feel a little of the innocence though our children."
"So now I have to add parenting to my list of complications?" Pirius smiled up at the giant man as he got on his horse. "I think I'll avoid that one for as long as I can."
Tannis turned his horse and looked to the northeast. He could see a hazy cloud of dust in the growing morning light. Pirius looked and saw the same thing.
"What is that? The Vindyri troops again?"
Tannis was totally confused by the sight. "I don't know. I don't understand it. It can't be the Vindyri; they are back in Vindyrion away from the battle. It has to be the Bhoors. But how can they move an army at night? And how can they possibly be close enough for us to see them from here?"
Pirius squinted at the sight, his dimples creasing his cheeks. "Perhaps they are farther away than it seems, and their army is just so large that the dust cloud can be seen from a greater distance."
"Let us hope that their army is not anywhere near that large, young Tecadelion."



Chapter 21

The Zidaoz weaved in and out through the star-like souls in the world between worlds. He was determined to find Rohni, the god of his people, and ask for guidance in the impending war. He had searched countless times to no avail, but each time he tried he could feel the presence of his god growing stronger. He just needed to search the right area, and he would to find him there in all his glory.
Just then a thought came to him. He was searching for a light, a bright soul that shone like the lights all around him. There were too many to confront them all and decide who they were. It was hard enough to find the Medoran, and he knew where Uritus's soul resided. He realized he was not looking for a simple soul; he was looking for a god. Zidaoz looked out into the blackness, far beyond any point he had traveled to in the shadow world before. He called out with his soul for Rohni, and the souls slipped past him at incredible speed as he approached the edge of darkness.
The souls became a steady blur of blinding light, moving past him faster than he was able to comprehend. Soon the light became so bright that he felt it had blinded him, and darkness filled his vision. He panicked for a moment, thinking he had done permanent damage to his soul or his body which sat motionless and vulnerable back in his tent. He looked in all directions but he could see nothing but inky blackness.
Then his definition of blackness changed. What he had just considered absolute darkness a moment before became bright in comparison to the shifting form in front of him. This form seemed to pull everything into it, and created a swirling vortex of immense power that threatened every fiber of his being. As he stared helplessly at the imposing form, he heard a frightening voice. It did not enter his ears, but came instead into his mind.
What are you doing here in my realm?
Zidaoz could barely bring himself to answer. He realized that this was his god before him, and he relaxed, trying to show respect. "My master, I am here to serve you. I come seeking guidance in a great time of need."
And on what matter do you feel you need assistance?
"There is a war, Rohni, a great war between the lands. We are in desperately need of your assistance in spreading your word to the people who refuse to accept it."
The shifting form in front of him remained silent for a moment. I am aware of the war. What assistance do you request?
"I lack power, my master. I am working with a Medoran who I meet in this realm, but I fear that he will soon overpower me with his skills of magic. I cannot have him surpass my ability and make war on my people before I can spread your word. He worships a false god and not you, Rohni."
The Medoran you speak of is Uritus Tecadelion, is it not?
Zidaoz was shocked that Rohni would know that. "Yes master. That is the Medoran."
He does not worship a false god, he worships me. In several thousand years you have simply warped your religions to better suit your cultures. I am god of this world and your own. You both worship the same god.
"But he speaks of a god named Inshae, and six other gods that accompany him."
Names mean nothing. There is no other god standing before you, only me. If any other being claims to be a god, and speaks to your human ears and not into your mind, know that he is a false god. Do not speak to such beings.
"As you command, master. I am here to serve you and spread your word. I will not rest until every living human worships you as we do."
Good. Then perhaps you are useful to me. If you serve me well, I might consider extending your life so that you can spread my message even longer. The Medoran requested this very thing, and I am considering it in his case as well.
"I would be honored master. It comforts me that he worships you too, Rohni. It makes things much easier. However, the war is still coming, and I feel that my abilities in magic are lacking. How can I enhance them?"
There is a ritual that will strengthen your powers, but it is not for the weak of heart.
"I am not weak of heart, master. I am only weak in magic."
You must find a child. It must be an innocent child, one frightened to be away from its mother. The females are better because the males misbehave early, leaving them tainted. Only the most innocent children will do.
"I understand master. What do I do with the child?"
You must purify the child further with torture. It does not matter what you do to it as long as you do not kill it. You must create a change in the thinking of the child, and make it long for death. This is not normal for a child, and it is not easy.
When you are sure you have reached this point, open the neck of the child and drain its blood. Draw a wide circle with the blood on the floor around you and place your hands in it. Then come to this realm to cast your spells and they will be strong.
"I understand. Must I do this for each spell I cast?"
The more children you use in this way, the more powerful you will become overall, but it is not necessary to do for every spell. You will take part of the soul of the child into your own and your power will grow stronger even without repetition of the ritual. The soul of the child will be locked in torment forever, but this is of little consequence, since there are countless souls in this realm.
"Their torment is for the good of the people. They must go through this if I am to be able to spread your word and have the world fall to their knees before you."
Your dedication to me rivals that of the Medoran. It pleases me that you understand and accept the task before you.
"I am proud to serve you, my master. You have only to command me, and your will shall be done."
My first command is that you not bother me here in this world again. I have duties which must not be interrupted. I will come to you when I require your service. You will not recognize me as the god you envision, but you will feel my presence and know that your god stands before you.
"You mean that you look different than I imagine? What do you look like, master? I cannot see you in this world, but only a swirling blackness."
This is the form I take here, just as the souls of men take the form of lights here. In your world and in my own, I wear robes of black, and have the face of the dead.
"I don't understand. You mean there are three worlds? This one, mine, and another?"
There are more worlds than you are aware of. You cannot possibly comprehend them with your human mind, so I will not explain them. These three, however, are within your grasp. You have the world in which you live. There is also this realm between worlds where I manage the souls of the dead. My world is what the Medorans and Vindyri call the Land of the Gods. The doorway between your world and mine is in the northern part of the land which is now called Vindyrion. They think that this land is simply north of your lands, but it is not so. Both worlds coexist and overlap, which allows me to pass between them and show myself in your world. It is only the entrance which lies to the north.
"So this world we are in now is the realm of the dead?"
No. This is the world of souls. There is a city of the dead in my world called Morendiir where the dead are punished for eternity. Some are permitted to leave Morendiir and do not suffer any punishment. This all depends on their faith and service in their years in your world. But no matter where the soul resides, it is connected to this world we are in now.
"I think I understand master. I will trouble you no further, for I know you have great works to do. Know that I am doing your work in my world, and my people live only to serve you. Thank you for giving me the information to strengthen my power. I must go and rest, for I am drained from my trip to wake the Dirujen."
The mass of blackness shook with an odd sort of silent laughter. You foolish mortal. You do not know the forces you tempt. You cannot possibly control the Dirujen.
"Have faith in me master, as I have faith in you. I am confident that I have done the right thing, and it is all going according to the plan the Medoran and I made. The Dirujen will do us no harm."
We shall see, Bhoor. I will come to you when I need you. Until then, continue working with the Medoran. His goals are similar to yours, and your strength will be greater if you work together.
"I will master. We will continue as we planned," Zidaoz said as he felt a force upon him pushing him away from Rohni and back toward the dizzying spectacle of lights churning around him. He was being driven back to the world of the living, and the swirling lights of the souls around him was disorienting. He saw the heavy, colorful mists hanging between the souls and could wonder only briefly at their purpose before he found himself back on the carpet in the center of his tent. He reached to his nose and felt for blood, and, like all the times before, he found it. He rubbed the thick wet substance between his fingers and smiled. Soon blood would be a welcome addition to his ritual. But the blood he needed was not his own.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Two days had passed since Zidaoz met with his god in the world between worlds. His soul sang with joy when he thought back to the monumental event. It was exhilarating to finally have knowledge of his god, and not depend simply on the words carved into history. Faith was impressive, but knowledge was power. He stroked his long beard as he contemplated whether or not to tell the Medoran about meeting Rohni.
His pleasant thoughts were interrupted by an even more pleasant sight. He had finally returned to Zuhr, and sat in his throne room waiting patiently. Three soldiers came through the open doorway before him, each of them guiding a person in front of them. A light breeze blew softly and caused the detailed fabrics on the walls to flutter and flap. The soldiers had done exactly as he asked them to, and brought a father, a mother, and a young girl to his palace.
He looked to each of them in turn, unable to control his smile. "Hello and welcome to my palace. I am sure you are wondering why you have been given this great privilege and honor."
The father, obviously nervous, fell to the floor and bowed, pulling his wife down beside him. "We are honored, Zidaoz. We live only to serve you."
"And serve me you shall, my fellow Bhoor." He gestured to the little girl standing beside her kneeling mother. "Come here, little one."
The tiny child looked to her mother for guidance. She obviously was not old enough to understand the importance of them being in the presence of the Zidaoz. Most Bhoors would never see their ruler at all, let alone speak to him and see him smile. The mother nodded to her daughter nervously, and then put her head to the floor, locking herself in a bow of respect. The child approached the throne cautiously.
"Do not be afraid, little one. You are a very special child, did you know that?"
"Yes, mother tells me so," came the soft words from her tiny mouth.
The Zidaoz smiled down to her. "Come up here and sit on my lap." He helped to pull her up and turn her around, and with one arm hugged her tightly to his body. With his free hand he cupped her little chin and squeezed her cheeks lightly. He again found himself smiling and unable to stop himself. He nodded to one of the soldiers hovering behind the girl's kneeling parents.
In an instant, they grabbed the mother and held her. The father began to stand, but the blade of a sword pierced his back and struck him down. The mother screamed as the men hacked away at the body until it was nothing more than a gruesome mess of meat and bone on the floor. The little girl's screams echoed her mother's in a twisted sort of harmony.
When the soldiers turned to the mother, the little girl tried to turn away. The Zidaoz held her face tightly, keeping her from escaping the sight. When she closed her eyes, he squeezed as hard as his arm would allow, the pain making her open them. The soldiers laughed while they mangled the body of her mother, just as he had instructed them to do. He could feel the hot tears roll over his hand as he forced the little girl to watch the grisly event. His smile widened.
He put his mouth close to the little girl's ear. "This is only the beginning, little one. This is only the beginning."



Chapter 22

Alana gently traced the flowing lines of delicate scrollwork on the hilt of the sword Rommus had given her. There were no gold details like there was on her dagger, but it was just as impressive with its highly polished silver appearance. Its color was different than any sword she had ever seen, and in certain lights she could see that it was not exactly silver, but a very faint, cool blue color. It was hard for her to determine if it was actually suitable for battle, since its beauty made it seem like it was for decoration only.
She turned her attention from the sword to the forest in front of her. Since they had not had time to prepare for their journey, they had spent most of the time starving. Rommus had seen a merchant cart on one of the major roads and went off to see if he could purchase any food. He said that he would have to be careful, and that he was going to avoid the road as long as he could before meeting up with the man. He told her that he would return by a path in these woods, and to watch for him there.
She wondered briefly if Mages could be merchants. The thought made her uncomfortable and she worried for Rommus. Even if the man was a Mage in secret, he was obviously from some distant town, and could not have known of the recent events in Brinn. She breathed deeply and let it out slowly as she hoped that she was right. She listened carefully for their voices, but they were obviously too far away to be heard. She turned her attention back to the sword in her lap.
Her thoughts wandered as she resumed tracing the details of the sword. She had been feeling more and more guilty for what she had tried to do to Rommus's father. She tried to forget about it, but every time she saw Rommus and saw what a good person he was she felt an icy stab of pain in her heart. The General might have deserved it, but she was no longer sure that it was the right thing to do. How could she take away the only person in the world that Rommus had?
Then she heard something in the woods. Her body sang with a mixture of fear and hope; fearing an attack, but hoping it was only Rommus. She gripped the hilt of her sword tightly in anticipation for the worst. She almost screamed when she heard a voice behind her.
"It's just me," Rommus said quietly.
Her breathing was about twice as fast as it should have been. She quickly jumped to her feet. "How did you get behind me? I thought you said you were going to come out of those woods."
"Well, it worked out better to come out from the woods over there," he said, pointing behind him. "The road curves around through here, and I met up with the merchant farther down than I thought I would. Did I scare you?"
"Yes you scared me!" she said as she smacked his arm. "It wasn't funny."
"I didn't mean to," he said with a smile.
"What was the noise I heard over there if it wasn't you?"
"Oh, I threw a rock over your head into the woods when you were looking down."
Her mouth dropped open like a mother's would, amazed at how naughty her little boy could be. "So you had every intention of scaring me."
"I'm just trying to keep you on your toes. Did you miss me?"
"Oh stop it," she said. "You said the man was a merchant. Did you get any food?"
Just then she noticed that one of his hands was hidden behind his back. He brought it out into sight and presented a sack with a few rolls, some dried meat, and a small water skin inside. It wasn't much, but it was something. Suddenly hunger was more important than conversation, and they both sat down there in the rolling field and began eating.
She looked up at him and watched him chew; his jaw muscles moving in rhythm. "Rommus, you need a shave. Look at yourself." She playfully ran the back of her hand up his cheek.
He brought his own had to his face and felt the bristles. "I know. We have been out here so long that I have not had the chance. We missed two towns by avoiding the road."
"Actually I like it. I think it looks good like that."
"Well it itches. I can't stand it," he said as he scratched his neck.
"So why don't you shave it then? You have a sharp blade there."
He pulled the golden sword from the scabbard at his hip. "It's not that I need a blade, I need a mirror. I can't see what I am doing. Besides shaving dry hurts you know."
"You men and your beards. I can't imagine having one."
"They are certainly a hassle. I could do without them," he said as he brought the sword up and gently scraped his neck. He quickly jerked it away from his face when he realized he had cut himself.
"Rommus! Are you all right?" she said as she saw blood trickle down his neck.
He brought his hand up to comfort his wound. "Yes, I'm fine. It's just a little cut. How foolish of me to do that. I wasn't really going to try to shave with this thing."
"Let me see it," Alana said.
"I'm fine," he said, revealing his wound to her.
She looked at his throat for a while. "I don't see the cut. I just see a little blood."
He took the small water skin from the sack and poured a little water in his hand. He washed the blood from his throat and rubbed it, trying to locate the cut. "That's odd. I don't feel it."
She again examined his neck. "I don't see it either. Wow, you must have just barely nicked the skin. I can't believe that it didn't bleed more."
He smiled. "I guess I'm just lucky. I'll wait until we get to the next town to finish shaving."
She resumed her meal and relaxed. "How far away is the next town?"
"Not far. These woods end pretty soon, and when they do, the road is out in the open, so we'll have no more cover. Luckily though the town is located right where the woods ends, so we can at least blend in with the people there."
"So what do we do for cover beyond the town?"
"I hadn't really thought that far ahead. I suppose we can cut across the land between roads in places, but that is not going to make traveling very easy. I think at that point we will be far enough away from the Mages that we can start using the roads again."
"But aren't there Mages in places besides Brinn?"
"Of course there are, but do you think they all know what happened back there? I don't think word spreads so fast. Besides, they'd have to know who I was in order to attack us again. I am not that famous of a person."
She finished chewing before she asked another question. "How close do you think we are to Vindyrion? This isn't exactly the way I came."
"Well I have never been that far east, but the edge of these woods is where the plains begin, so it won't be long until we reach your land. Of course, we have quite a ways to go north if we are going to end up in Reyth."
"Is Reyth still where you want to go? Have you had any more dreams?"
"I have had a few dreams, but not about Reyth." He immediately put food in his mouth and she assumed he did not want to tell her about his recent dreams.
"Well what did you dream about?" she asked, unable to resist.
He was quiet for a moment, but then answered. "It's nothing. I just had a dream about Mirra."
She put a hand on his arm in an attempt to comfort him. "I'm sorry Rommus. I didn't mean to be rude."
"It's all right. I don't consider that rude. It was just a dream. I guess it's just my mind dealing with the fact that I miss her. I spend all my waking hours trying to forget her, but it seems that I have a little less control when I am asleep."
"That's normal Rommus. It is not easy to forget the people who have helped to shape our lives. Sometimes it has to be done, but there is no easy way."
"It makes me wonder though," he said, looking off into the distance. "Has anyone ever had to go through such pain to forget about me? It seems like forgetting Rommus Tirinius is an easy thing to do."
"I don't think I would have an easy time forgetting you Rommus."
"But you barely know me. We only just met. I am not the person you think I am. I am trapped alone in a world of gloom. My whole life is just a void. I look to the future and see blackness, so I try to find comfort in the past. But I see nothing but blackness there too."
She took her hand from his arm, not knowing what to say. She watched as he continued to stare out at nothing. Eventually she felt she had to say something. "I can see it Rommus. I see that you have a darkness inside you. I don't hold it against you; I think it makes you who you are. Your struggles have made you into the man you are. And you're a good man; anyone can see that."
"I am not trying to impress the world by being a good man. I just wish the world wasn't so comfortable being so cold to me. I don't know what I did to deserve it."
"Maybe it's everyone else who has the problem Rommus, not you."
He finally turned to her and looked her in the eyes. "I find that very unlikely. How could everyone change almost overnight and dislike me? I must have done something to change their view of me."
"Well if it bothers you, you can always change something. Be more outgoing. Make new friends."
He sighed. "We have been over this. I will not convince people to like me. Maybe the change I need is just to get away. Maybe getting out of Medora for a while is the best thing for me."
"Well if that's your plan, we are already making it happen. And even if all those people don't like you, I still do."
"Thanks. We'll see how you feel when you find out more about me."
His comment made her feel sorry for him and guilty at the same time. She wondered what he would do if he ever found out that she was the one who tried to kill his father. She wished that none of it had ever happened, but if she had never come to Medora, she would never have met Rommus. She wondered how Tachion could deal with arranging every event to make things go according to plan. She could barely keep track of her own agenda, let alone the actions of every living being. She shook her head as she thought that being the god of time must be complicated beyond measure.
He spoke and interrupted her thoughts. "We'll be in the town of Peorum in about an hour. We can buy supplies there. Let's get moving."


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Peorum was a small town, not nearly the size of Brinn or Taburdum. Most of it was made of wood, although there were still plenty of marble buildings speckling the town. None of the buildings were very large, and only a few were more than one story tall. Still, it was clean and well organized, with cobblestone streets crisscrossing between the buildings. Many of them appeared to be inns, and Alana assumed that it was because Peorum was a town built for travelers.
They weaved through the streets looking for the shops where they could buy the items they needed. Rommus had already found a place to purchase food for travel, and he bought enough to last them a while. He was also able to buy larger water skins there. They stopped and ate again, wanting to be full before they left Peorum. It would probably be the last hot meal they had for a while.
"Over there," Rommus said. "That looks like a place that sells clothing. Let's go in there."
They dodged the people on the street and waited for horses to pass as they made their way to the shop. The man inside looked to be a friendly fellow, and greeted them right away.
"Good day to you sir and madam. What can I do for you?"
"Hello," Rommus said. "Do you happen to have any capes of black fabric?"
The man frowned and cocked his head. "Black fabric? No, I have no black fabric. This is Medora, my boy."
"I know we're in Medora. I am traveling into Vindyrion and I don't want to stand out with a bright color. What is the darkest color cape you have?"
The man grabbed his chin and looked to the ceiling. "Well, if my memory serves me right, and it usually does, I have some darker purple in the back somewhere. Let me go look." The man turned and disappeared through a doorway.
"Rommus, you can always wait until we get to Vindyrion to get one in black. You said we weren't that far."
"I know that, but the nights are getting cooler now, and I think we should both have something to cover up with. Besides, I can't have this sword gleaming in the sun and attracting the wrong attention. I don't want to risk having Mages recognize it."
"Yeah I guess you're right. And you're right about the cold. My shirt doesn't even have sleeves."
"We'll get you a new one then. We both will."
The man reappeared with a smile on his face, carrying an armful of capes. "You're a tall one, which one of these is the best fit?"
Rommus held up a few of the capes until he found the proper size. "This one will do. I need one for the lady too, in whatever color she likes. We both need long-sleeved shirts as well. I'll take something in dark red if you have it in my size."
"Of course my Lord. And what colors does the lady like?"
Alana looked around her at all the fabric in the shop. "Wow, you have so many beautiful colors. I don't know what to pick." She ran her hand over some fabric on a nearby shelf. "I guess I will go with a dark blue for both. I am fond of blue." The man bowed his head to her and disappeared again.
"This is a lot nicer than what I was picturing," Rommus said. "I was thinking something less elegant."
"Elegant? That's just an ordinary cape. It doesn't even have a different color lining or anything. Just because it's made of fine fabric doesn't make it elegant."
He rolled the dark purple fabric between his fingers. "I guess you're right. I'm just not really a person to wear capes."
 The shopkeeper appeared again with several items for Alana to look at. She chose a cape that was reversible, one side being a deep blue satin, and the other a heavier cloth of lighter blue. It was hemmed in gold and looked like something that royalty would wear. For her shirt, she chose something simpler, and in fact it was pretty much the same shirt she had on, except it had long sleeves.
"Is this shirt big enough for you, my Lord?" the shopkeeper asked as he handed a dark red shirt to Rommus.
Rommus held it to his chest. "I think so. We also need some kind of travel pack. Do you sell those here?"
"Yes my Lord, they are over in that corner."
Rommus went and found a suitable pack and brought everything to the counter and paid for it. They said farewell to the happy shopkeeper and left the building. When they came out into the sunlight, their breath caught in their throats. A Mage stood against a wall across the street. He was facing them, but he did not pay them any particular attention. Rommus nudged Alana in the direction he wanted her to go and she obeyed.
"Do you think he saw us?" she asked as they rounded a corner.
"I don't know. You can never see their eyes under those big hoods they wear, and they always seem to be standing in the shadows. But he didn't react at all when we came out of the shop, so he probably does not know who we are."
"What about the sword? Did he see it?"
"I don't think so. I was careful to cover it when I saw him. Let's get these capes on so that we can throw him off if he is following us. He won't be looking for people in capes."
Rommus put on the small travel pack and they both put on their capes. They looked in all directions and then cut through some alleys before emerging at another line of shops on a different street. Their attention was immediately drawn to a rather loud man in a white robe in the center of the street, surrounded by people.
"Who is that man?" Alana asked.
"I don't know his name, but he is a Noble."
"You mean he is royalty?"
 "No, we use the word differently than you do. We don't have royalty here, although an Emperor is sort of like a King. In Vindyrion your Nobles are more like an upper class of people that have royal blood. Here, Nobles ¾or Noblemen¾are part of the Empire. They don't rule anything, but they are part of the process."
"I thought the Emperor was the sole ruler of the Medorans."
"He is. But he believes in listening to the people he rules. He can't make time to speak with every Medoran, so he speaks to the Nobles," Rommus said as he backed up against a wall in the shadows, pulling her with him.
"So how is speaking with these Nobles like speaking to the people?"
"Well, the people choose who the Nobles are. Every two years, the people from different areas decide who best represents them. Of course, it doesn't happen everywhere at the same time. Some places choose their Nobles one year, and other places choose them the next year. This keeps things from changing too drastically."
"I see," she said. "The Nobles in Vindyrion are all gone now. There is no one left in the royal family except the King and Queen, his sister and his niece. It's quite a problem for the King, and it's all anyone talks about these days."
"Well can't the King just choose a successor? That's what would happen here if the Emperor didn't have a son. He would just choose a new Emperor that he felt was worthy to replace him."
"I don't know. I don't think that has ever been done. I am not sure that the Vindyri would support someone without royal blood."
"That's ridiculous. Blood does not make you a ruler. It takes knowledge and wisdom, it's not a birthright."
She frowned up at him. "But isn't the Emperor's son to become Emperor?"
"Yes, he is. When the Emperor dies, Uritus will take his place. But the Nobles have ways of removing Emperors who are unfit to rule."
"How do they do that?"
"I don't know. I have never seen them do it. In fact I don't remember ever seeing them do anything more than fight with each other."
They listened as the man's loud voice overpowered their own. "You see, good people of Medora, that the Emperor has once again abused his authority and put us all at risk. His desire for power will drain our economy and tax the Legions beyond their limits, leaving us unprotected. We must do what we can to stop this war with the Bhoors. They are a good people and we cannot let the actions of a few condemn the entire group."
A man on the street yelled a response. "But the Bhoors are attacking the Vindyri. How can we allow that to happen to our neighbors to the east?"
The Noble smiled a smug smile and raised his hand, demanding silence. "Good sir, you do not understand the intricacies of warfare. Moreover, you seem to misunderstand the balance we must maintain with the people of all our lands. We must go out of our way to accept, and not offend the Bhoors. We must leave them to their business with the Vindyri, so that we can uphold our beliefs of tolerance and acceptance. It is the only way a civilized nation is permitted to behave."
"How can he say that?" Rommus asked rhetorically. "He's saying that we must watch the Vindyri die because it is wrong to pass judgment on the Bhoors."
"But Rommus, acceptance is important. I know you don't believe the things I do, but he's right about being civilized. No nation can look down on another for their beliefs."
Rommus turned his attention from the Noble down to her. "Is your idea of acceptance so universal that you would rather have your people be slaughtered than protect yourselves? Are the rights of the enemy more important than the rights of the innocent? How can you have sympathy for the Bhoors, and only apathy for the Vindyri?"
She could not think of an answer that she thought he would understand. "I don't know Rommus. I guess I never thought of things that way."
"Come on. I can't stand to hear this fool speak another word. Let's get out of here."


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


She could see that Rommus was in a foul mood. He had said very little ever since he heard the Nobleman speaking in Peorum, and his face was locked in an angry mask. She was hesitant to speak with him, fearing that her words might upset him further. They made their way eastward mostly in silence, traveling the main road away from the town.
No Mages seemed to notice them, although there were a few hovering around the town when they were leaving. She found it odd every time she saw one; like they had some hidden agenda, just waiting around for the right moment to spring into action. Their quiet, mysterious ways reminded her of a spider waiting at the center of its web. She hoped not to become trapped in the sticky strands by not seeing the dangers around her.
The long plains stretched out before them, meeting the blue sky at the horizon. She knew it was a long way to get home, since she could not even see a single mountain in the hazy distance. Soon they would have to travel to the north if they ever intended to get to where the mountain ranges meet at the town of Reyth. It was going to be a long journey.
Although these were called plains, it was certainly not flat in the immediate area. In fact, there were still patches of trees and large rocks that were strewn about as if thrown by giants. Some of the rocks were larger than a house, but she could see that the farther east they traveled, the flatter and less embellished the land would become. Perhaps Rommus was too quick to label this area "the plains".
"Keep an eye out on the right side," Rommus said.
"Why?"
"Didn't you see the set of tracks? There were two horses and several footprints that went off the main road and off that way towards those big rocks."
"No I didn't see anything, but I guess I wasn't looking."
"You must keep your eyes open to danger, Alana. Its eyes are open to you."
"What's that supposed to mean? Are you trying to make a point about what I said before?"
"I am making a point and I am warning you of a possible threat over there by those rocks. Don't ignore my warning just because you don't agree with recognizing a threat when you see it."
"Rommus, I am perfectly willing to defend myself when I am in danger. You have seen me do it. In fact, I think I remember defending you as well."
"But you would not defend the innocent simply because you refuse to consider the Bhoors wrong. Don't you see that as dangerous?"
She breathed an exasperated sigh. "When you say it like that, of course I see it as dangerous. But I don't think you understand how the Vindyri think."
"I understand it. I have watched the Medorans shift slightly in the very same direction. Your ways have gotten you into a war with the Bhoors, the Medoran way has not."
"Oh is that right? Then why are Medoran soldiers going off to kill the Bhoors?"
"Because we were asked to help our allies. Don't blame this war on the Medorans. This is your war."
She sighed again but this time it was not in irritation. "I guess I can't argue with that. It's true that the Vindyri obviously did something to offend the Bhoors, or at least offered an opening where they could strike us. I really don't know what to think anymore Rommus. I don't want to hate an entire group of people."
"Hatred is not required to defend the lives of your people. But you should not look down upon those who hate others when they deserve it. Not everyone is interested in doing good works for mankind. It is not wrong to hate evil men."
"I see what you are saying Rommus, but who is to say what is evil? Perhaps we just don't understand them well enough."
"I will not let evil men slaughter innocent people while I try to figure out their reasons for it. I do not care what their reasons are."
Just then a loud voice called from behind them. "Halt. What business have you on this road?"
Rommus turned around. "What business do you have asking a free man his business, scout?"
The blonde-haired Vindyri cocked his head. Several other Vindyri stood behind him with weapons drawn. "What makes you think I am a scout, Medoran?"
"I am no fool, scout. I see the way you are dressed and the manner in which you travel; even if you aren't wearing the traditional black armor of the Vindyri. Your horsemen will be arriving behind us momentarily."
The Vindyri cocked his head the other way but ignored his comment. "Alana Irith. It's been a long time. I thought it was you. I could tell by the way you walk. What are you doing with this Medoran scum?"
Rommus did not allow her to answer. "You will sheath your weapons, or you will speak only to me."
"Oh so we have a hero here," the man said, his ugly face twisting into a sneer.
Rommus pushed his cape back and gripped the hilt of his sword. "There are no heroes left. Leave us be and be on your way."
"You need to learn to mind your own business, Medoran. That woman belongs to me."
"Then why does she stay by my side, scout?" Rommus said as he slowly pulled his sword free.
The man took a few steps forward just as they heard the hooves of horses clatter on the cobblestone road behind them. Alana looked back and forth at the Vindyri surrounding them. "Rommus," she whispered, "these are dangerous men. I know them."
"Yes I can see that," he said quietly.
"Move away from the girl," one of the horsemen called out.
"We will be continuing as we had planned," Rommus said. "Clear the road. This is your only warning."
Most of the men laughed as they approached them, none of them showing any fear. They proceeded to advance slowly, trapping their prey. The ring of steel could be heard as the horsemen drew their swords as well. There was no way to escape now except through a wall of men bristling with sharp blades.
"Who are these men?" Rommus asked as Alana pulled her sword free.
"The ugly one is someone from my past. We'll have to discuss it later."
In an instant, the horsemen spurred their steeds to a run. Rommus and Alana dove to either side of the roadway to avoid being trampled, and the men on foot were expecting it. They dove for them and in the mayhem, Rommus had dropped his sword. Alana faired no better, and she was quickly overpowered by the brute strength of the men. The horsemen turned around to face them and laughed as they sheathed their swords.
Through the chaos surrounding her, Alana thought she saw one of the horsemen fall from his horse; then the other. She could not see very well with all the men fighting to hold her down, but she thought she saw a shadow moving between the men.
"Alana!" Rommus called. "I'm coming, hold on!"
She could see that he was being overpowered as well, and one of the men was taking aim with his sword to deliver a fatal wound to him between the flailing arms and bodies of the other men. In a few seconds, she would see Rommus die.
Then there was a short scream. Something was happening near Rommus, and she figured that he must be fighting back somehow. Again she thought she saw a shadow of a figure moving against the flow of the men. She looked back to the horses where she saw it the first time and saw them standing with no riders. Before she could understand what was happening, a familiar, ugly face crept into her vision. She could smell the breath of the man in front of her, and she could see a look of evil in his eye.
"You'll not escape this time, Alana. You're mine." A crooked smile came to his face but was withered instantly with fear. A golden blade rested dangerously under his neck, and he stood slowly. Alana looked around her and saw that all of the men around them were dead or dying. She couldn't understand how Rommus had killed them all so quickly. One second he was about to be killed, and the next he had killed a dozen or so men. It seemed utterly impossible.
"What are you doing in Medora, scout? The battle is in Vindyrion," Rommus said through gritted teeth. When the man did not answer, Rommus pushed the blade a little harder against his skin. The man went limp instantly and fell dead.
Alana was shocked. How did that kill him? You barely touched him. Is he faking? How did you kill all these men?"
"One question at a time, Alana. I have some questions of my own."
"Like what?"
"Like who is the man behind you."
Alana jerked her head around, expecting the worst. Instead of a Vindyri, she saw a tall, thin man in close-fitting, elegant clothes. His hair was long and dark but it had an odd silver sheen to it which shined in a strange way. He had high boots that came to his knees, and a large, loose collar, matching the large cuffs folded back at his sleeves. His shirt was white, and the rest of his clothing was black, trimmed in small amounts of silver which accented his gray eyes. His jacket was well-made and seemed to have more buttons than was necessary. Of course, it was not buttoned at all, so the buttons seemed especially useless.
"I don't know this man," she said. Then she looked into his eyes and instantly became lost in his sharp features. Her head swam as she tried to understand what strange spell he held over her.
"I would suggest you not look into my eyes, madam. At least not until you know me better. May I help you to stand?" he said in a strange accent that rolled off of his tongue with an elegance that matched his attire. She could only nod her head.
"Why did you help us?" Rommus asked.
"I heard your words you spoke with those men. They were in the wrong. I could not let you come to harm if I could help it. Besides, you hold the sword of Arius. How could I stand idly by and allow you to come to harm?"
"The sword of Arius? No, this is just a golden sword. Don't be mistaken by its appearance."
"One of us is mistaken, my Lord, but I am afraid it is not me."
Rommus lowered his eyebrows slightly at the man. "Just who are you?"
The man raised his chin a little. "My name is Vohl. Vohl Dirujen."



Chapter 23

"You are not dressed like a Medoran, yet you have dark hair unlike a Vindyri. I have never seen a Bhoor but you do not look like how I pictured one to look," Rommus said as he stared at the man.
"I am not Vindyri, Medoran, or Bhoor. My people inhabited the land you now call Vindyrion long ago. We have since been sent away from our land and the people we loved," Vohl said as he stood majestically with a hand on his hilt, his fine cape billowing behind him.
Rommus looked at the man skeptically. "I am not aware of another people."
"And yet here I stand before you."
Rommus blinked a few times in thought. "Well I must thank you Vohl. We would have been killed if you had not come to our rescue."
Vohl said nothing but bowed instead. He then returned to his straight posture and stood regally. He remained quiet, obviously expecting more questions about him to be asked.
"How did you slip through these men without being seen?" Rommus finally said.
"If they were paying closer attention, I would have been easily seen. However, I have the assistance of this cape, which confuses the eye."
Rommus eyed the peculiar cape the tall man wore. It appeared to be black, but seemed to have the same odd sheen that his hair had. Its lining was a beautiful silver color that seemed to capture the light and mirror it back in a strange fashion. "How can something as simple as a cape hide you among so many men?
"The cape is magic, but it does nothing more than your cape does. Do you not use your cape to conceal the sword of Arius?"
"I do use it for concealment, but I'm afraid I have not had much of a chance to use it yet. I still don't understand how some cloth could hide you out here in the open."
Vohl took his cape in his hand and showed it to Rommus. "What do you see?"
"I see a cape made of a material I am not familiar with."
"You see what you expect to see. You see a cape. These men did not expect to see a cape. They saw what they expected, which was nothing but shadows."
"Why is it that I could not move or think when I looked in your eyes?" Alana interrupted, staring at his clothing and not his face.
Vohl smiled. "That is a little harder to explain, madam. It is just something that my people have learned to do. I'm afraid it's beyond my control, much like your beauty is beyond yours. Might I ask your names?"
"I'm sorry. I am Rommus. This is Alana," he said, holding a hand out to the blushing woman beside him. "Why is it that your trick does not work on me? Does it only work on females?"
"No, it does not work the same way beauty does. It works on most people, especially those not expecting it. It's an enhanced trait of humans; anyone can look in another's eyes and see their soul. We have simply learned to reach in and feel what another is feeling, and by mirroring their soul it confuses the mind, much like this cape confuses the eye."
Rommus thought that perhaps it wasn't the cape that was so confusing, but the man wearing it. His words did not make a lot of sense, and seemed to be based on a slippery reality that was only in his own mind. But regardless of the mental condition of the man, he had certainly proven himself when he saved their lives. They owed him for what he had done, and Rommus intended to repay the favor.
"Are you traveling this road to Medora, or into Vindyrion?" Rommus asked.
"I am on my way to the Land of the Gods, which is what you call it in your tongue."
Rommus laughed a quiet laugh, trying not to offend the man. "The bridge into that land has fallen. No one has been able to enter that land for ages. But we are on our way to Reyth, which is near there, so if you would like some company, we could sure use you. You're certainly good with that sword of yours."
"I would be honored to accompany you and the lady. I have not had conversation in quite a long time, let alone the short ones I have had in the last week or so to learn your language."
Rommus lowered his eyebrows. "What do you mean? Are you saying you learned our language in a week?"
"Do not be too quick to show your amazement. My language is very similar and it was not difficult. What business takes you to Reyth, if I may ask?"
Rommus shot a glance to Alana and then back to Vohl. "It seems a bit silly to say it out loud, but my dreams guide me there. We can't stay here in Medora because there are Medorans here who are out to harm us."
"Apparently there are Vindyri out to harm you as well. You seem to lead a dangerous life."
"Only recently. Why are you on your way to the Land of the Gods?"
"To put an end to something that should have been finished long ago."
Rommus saw a distant sadness in the man's eyes and decided not to push the matter further. "Well my friend, I have not been there, but my father has. He told me that the bridge leading into that land is gone, and there is nothing but ruins on the other side. It might be a waste of your time to go there."
"Master Rommus, there are many things that are not as they appear. No matter what I find there, I will cross the ravine. I will find my way to the Land of the Gods if I have to climb down one side and up the other."
"Well then I admire your dedication," Rommus said as he walked over to the two horses standing on the road and took the reigns of one of them. The other made a show of aggression toward him by rearing up and neighing loudly.
"Easy," Vohl said as he approached the animal. When it brought its hooves back to the ground it immediately stopped and stood calmly, staring at the man before it. Vohl reached out and touched the soft muzzle of the horse and it seemed to melt in his hand.
"How did you do that?" Alana asked.
Vohl ran his long hands over the animal for a moment before he answered. "The horse sees much the same thing you saw when you looked in my eyes. He is comforted and relaxed now. I can see his soul."
Rommus and Alana shared a quick, confused glance. After a moment Rommus finally said something to break the growing silence. "So you have some experience with horses?"
"No. There are no horses where I am from, although I have seen them before when I was very young."
"A land with no horses?" Rommus asked in amazement. "I cannot imagine such a thing."
"It should be easy for you to imagine, Master Rommus. Just as you are familiar with things that I am not, I am familiar with things that you have never seen. My land holds many wonders for those who have not seen it."
"What sorts of things?" Alana asked as she came to Rommus's horse to pet the animal.
"Animals that were shut away along with us. Animals that walked the earth before man. Beasts that are dangerous to those who cannot control their wild souls."
Rommus stared harder at the man, more confused with every word he said. "Just where are you from, Vohl Dirujen?"
"I told you my people come from the land you call Vindyrion."
"Vindyrion does not have strange animals that can't be found in other places." Alana said.
"Where did you come from Vohl? Where do you live?" Rommus asked with growing impatience.
Vohl straightened himself to his full height. "I have recently come from the south, beyond the southern wall."
Rommus laughed. "No you didn't. No one comes from that place. There are Medoran and probably Vindyri soldiers watching that wall at all times. They have never seen anyone on those desolate plains. Are you playing some kind of joke on us?"
Vohl's eyes narrowed slightly but he never lost his polite charm. "If no threat lies to the south, then why would your armies be watching those plains?"
Rommus felt a chill go up his spine as he remembered all the stories about monsters beyond the southern wall. This man's story was hard to believe, and he seemed to dance around the truth whenever he could. He was not easy to read by any means. "I suppose you have a point. But how could anyone survive out on those plains? There is nothing for as far as you can see. I have seen the place with my own eyes."
"We did not live on those plains. The barrier that kept us to the south was just beyond where you could see from that stone wall. It was only a few days of travel across the plains before I arrived here."
"I don't see how you could have slipped past the eyes of the Medoran soldiers, even with that cape of yours."
Vohl shrugged his shoulders. "I suppose they have grown weary of looking at the empty horizon over the years and they just weren't paying close attention. Besides, I never saw any soldiers on patrol."
Alana scratched her neck. "If you really did come from the south, where are the rest of your people? Why are you traveling alone?"
Again Vohl's eyes filled with a soft sadness. "When we were sent away, we were all bonded together through our trials, but not in our thoughts. We aided each other when we were in need, but we did not all agree on things; much like any group of people would disagree on certain matters.
"There came a time when a few of us struggled for power among ourselves and the people that we had brought with us. We were able to secretly take some loved ones with us, but most of us were to be alone. Those of us who became the rulers began enforcing the laws that seemed right in their eyes, but things got out of hand.
"Most of my people who did not agree with the new ways were sealed inside stone caskets and dropped from boats to the bottoms of deep waters, never to be seen again. Many of us ran away from this horror for much of our lives. A few, like me, traveled westward to escape the unjust rule of our leaders. In time, the population that we created began to dwindle, and there were mostly only people of my bloodline left. They fought for power like they had always done in the past, but it became even more heated. They no longer had time or resources to hunt down those of us who were dissenters. The war between rulers kept us from an icy fate at the bottom of dark waters."
"That's horrible!" Alana said in shock. "How could anyone do that to another human being? I can't imagine the terrible feeling of being in a dark stone box filling with cold water as it fell to the bottom of some deep lake."
"Yes it is terrible to imagine. However the waters were not lakes, but oceans far to the southeast. Lakes were not deep enough in the eyes of the rulers, I suppose."
Rommus saw Alana bring her hand up to cover her mouth. "The loved ones you spoke of, they were Vindyri?"
"No, as I said there was no Vindyrion then, but yes these blonde-haired people are the ancient relatives of the people we lived alongside. We were easy to differentiate because of our hair color, and it was not hard to find all of us and seal us beyond the horizon. We are actually more closely related to the Medorans than the people you call Vindyri."
"How many of you were sealed away?" Alana asked.
"There were 211 Dirujen, and nearly 500 others we were able to take with us secretly. From those small numbers we started a somewhat large civilization, but as I said, it has dwindled to nearly nothing now."
Rommus rubbed his fingers on his chin. "How did that happen? What caused your population to decrease? Did the rulers try to kill everyone?"
"No, the rulers were only interested in eliminating other Dirujen who they considered a threat to their rule. The others were safe as long as they did not do anything too offensive."
"If they were safe, then what killed them?"
"Death killed them."
Rommus felt his eyebrows come together in confusion. He thought that perhaps the man was still not totally familiar with the language he had just learned. "Well of course, but what caused them to die?"
"The things that cause any human to die. Most died of old age."
Rommus shook his head. "I must say Vohl, you are fairly confusing. If people die of old age here, it means they have had time to have children, and even see grandchildren become adults before they die. A population doesn't dwindle because of old age."
"Well that is how it happened. I must admit that although I have spent a life surrounded by death, I do not know much about how a population can die. It is as confusing to me as it is to you."
All the talk of death reminded Rommus of the carnage all around him. Vohl watched his eyes as he scanned the ground littered with bodies. "I guess we should do something about all these men," he said.
"What shall we do? Hide them? Bury them?" Vohl asked.
"No, wait a minute," Rommus said as he scratched his head. "I don't know what these men were doing in Medora. Do you have any idea Alana?"
"No I can't imagine why they would be here and not in Vindyrion where they are needed."
"Well, they were probably just another band of Vindyri rebels over here causing trouble. I think it might be important for the Legions to know that these men were here. I would hate for some innocent child to have to see this as they walked by, but we can't cover it up like it never happened. We'll drag them from the road over to those rocks they came from. I think the Medoran soldiers will be able to see that there was trouble here and they'll find them. I'll carve my initials on the stone so that maybe they will understand that I was the one responsible."
Alana touched his arm. "But Rommus, aren't you trying to keep our journey a secret?"
Rommus ran a hand down the side of his face. "I guess you're right. I can't risk leaving a clue like that. Let's just get them off the road and over there."
Rommus and Vohl did the majority of the gruesome work dragging the bloody men out of sight. Alana made herself useful by going through all the pockets and packs of the men and taking anything that was valuable. While Rommus didn't like the idea of stealing, he figured that they had earned it from these men. Besides, if they didn't take the money and food they found, someone else was going to when they found the men, and Rommus needed money and supplies if he was ever going to get to Reyth. He needed to have a plan ready to return to Medora eventually too.
Rommus and Vohl sat to rest by the roadside as Alana loaded their things onto the horses. "How long ago was it that your people were sealed away?" Rommus asked as he stretched his tired muscles.
"That was nearly 3000 years ago."
"Then there's something I don't understand. How could the Medorans of today have any knowledge of a threat beyond the wall? Why do we have stories of monsters?"
"Do you think people forget things so easily? 3000 years is not that long. Besides, there were the rings."
Rommus cocked his head. "Rings?" What do you mean?"
"We had rings made by men of magic that made it possible to communicate beyond the seal. The rings take the wearer to a place where there are only souls. It's quite beautiful."
"So there was a way to speak with the people you left behind? If that's true then why have I never heard of your people or these ancient beasts that you guard?"
"We did not exactly guard the beasts, we simply learned to control them and keep them from killing the people close to us. As for why you have not heard the stories, I think you are mistaken. You have heard of beasts beyond the seal."
"I suppose I have heard that, but there's nothing specific about it."
"I don't know what answer you are looking for, Master Rommus, but I do know that the rings either stopped working, or the people on this side stopped using them more than a thousand years ago. The lost communication means that any mention of the Dirujen would only be in the most ancient texts. Perhaps that is why you do not know our story."
Rommus moved his jaw from side to side as he thought. "I guess that makes sense. It's just such a hard story to believe. What kinds of beasts are down there?"
Vohl stared at the horizon in the distance. "There are things bigger than these horses that walk like a man. There are things with great wings that can carry off children. There are things in the waters that can sink the greatest of ships. There are things that can hide in shadow and sun. There are too many beasts to mention; and all of them more dangerous than you can imagine. It was for the good of the world that these things were sent beyond the seal and out of your lands."
"Are they free to come here now that the seal is broken? Are we in danger?"
"They are as free to roam as I am, but you are not in any danger as long as I am with you. I do not think they have any reason to leave their familiar places anyway. I don't think they will come here."
Rommus ran his fingers over the hilt at his hip. "Well that's good to know."
"You must be careful with that."
"With what? The sword? Believe me Vohl I am no amateur when it comes to weapons. I can not only use them, but I make them as well."
"Not a sword like that. That sword is far more dangerous than any other blade."
Rommus smiled. "I told you this is not some mythical sword held by some god. It's just a golden sword."
"Is that right? Did you not see what it did to the man when it cut his neck? It takes only the slightest tear in the skin to send someone into the void. You must not cut yourself with it or you will go there as well."
"I have already cut myself with it and nothing happened. I don't mean to ruin any religious ideas you might have about this thing, but it's just a sword."
Vohl stared at him for a moment before speaking. "It is possible that I am mistaken, but I don't think that is the case, Master Rommus. I have seen that sword before."
"Well I took it from Mages when they were trying to harm us. Those are the people we are running from."
"What are Mages?"
"You know, magic men. Actually I don't know that they can use magic at all, I think it's just a game they play. I have a hard time believing any stories of magic actually. But those men are still dangerous."
"I understand."
Rommus stood up and helped his new friend to his feet. "Vohl, what is it that your people did to get banished from these lands?"
"We did not do anything to deserve such a thing. We are simply of the proper bloodline."
"What do you mean? Why would that make you worthy of banishment?"
"We were sent away because we are a bloodline connected to a god."
"I still don't understand. It was some religious ritual?"
Vohl stared into Rommus's soul, his long hair floating in the light breeze. "The ritual came before the banishment. Inshae made us immortals before the gods sent us beyond the seal."



Chapter 24

"What?" Rommus blurted out slightly louder than he intended to. "What do you mean immortal? And do you mean you worship Inshae?"
Vohl laughed, showing his perfectly straight teeth. "Hardly, Master Rommus. I am personally quite angry with him, and not many of the other Dirujen are very fond of him. And as for what I mean by saying I am immortal, I mean that I will never die. Does the word confuse you?"
"The word doesn't confuse me, but your story sure does. How can you possibly expect me to believe that you cannot die? It's absurd."
"You only find it absurd because you are unfamiliar with the idea. Is it absurd to believe in a sunset if you've spent your whole life looking to the east?"
"A sunset follows a sunrise. It's a natural order. Everything has a beginning and an end. Living forever is not part of a natural order."
"Ah, but does the sun not rise again after it sets in the west? Does it not follow a perpetual pattern of rebirth and death over and over? Who are you to determine where the beginnings and the ends lie?"
Rommus shook his head as if to clear it of the confusing thoughts. "So you mean that instead of never dying, you are perpetually reborn? I don't see how that is supposed to make more sense Vohl."
"That's not exactly what I am saying. It would make better sense if you understood your own immortality."
Rommus snorted a laugh. "I am not immortal, I am an ordinary man."
"All beings that are aware of their own existence are immortal. I can prove it to you."
"This should be good," Alana said as she finished up with the horses and approached them. "Let's hear it."
Vohl smiled at the woman. "Of course. I will start by asking a simple question. How far can you see?"
Alana immediately pointed and answered. "To the horizon."
Rommus rubbed his chin and twisted his face in thought. His eyes met the patient eyes of Vohl. "The stars. I don't know the distance, but I think that's as far as I can see. Perhaps the blackness between them is farther away, but there's no way to know."
"Both legitimate answers, but I am sorry to say that both are wrong. The true distance is much shorter than you think."
"How can it be shorter if we can see farther?" Alana asked. "That makes no sense at all."
The answer will become evident, I assure you. As long as I can explain it well enough. The truth is hidden in the nature of light. When we are in darkness, we see nothing. Our eyes require light to see, that's something even a child is aware of. It is a sad fact, however, that a child does not ponder the nature of light after he learns what it does. He understands the outcome, but not the thing itself.
"Take the light from the stars you mentioned. It is necessary for the light of a star to meet your eye in order for you to see it. When you close your eye, you cut off the transmission of that light temporarily. This is the same as the leaves of the trees creating shade by blocking light from the sun. From this simple observation, we can see that light showers us in a similar fashion to rain, although it's far more complex. Unlike rain, it is constant, and emanates from light sources like stars, the sun, and candles. It does not fall from clouds, but shines outwards in all directions, bouncing off of things and into our eyes. It is how we are able to see things."
Alana smacked Rommus's arm. "Rommus that's kind of like what you were telling me about the candle and shadows."
Vohl raised an eyebrow. "So you were one of the children that did ponder things. I am impressed Master Rommus."
"I think I understand light fairly well, but I don't understand how light can convince me that we are all immortal. Are you saying light lasts forever?"
"No, I am not saying that, although the statement is true. I will come to my conclusion in a different way. Now that you know that light showers us like rain, it should make sense that in the same way rain touches your skin, light touches your eyes. If you were unable to see, you would only be aware rain when it touches you. Light works the same way. Now I ask you again; how far can you see?"
Rommus and Alana both stood in silence a while. Finally Rommus spoke up. "A person can see as far as his eye. Like rain on skin, light must meet the eye in order to be seen."
Vohl nodded. "Very good Master Rommus, you are right and you are wrong at the same time."
"And you seem to be sane and insane at the same time," Alana said.
Vohl laughed. "Stay with me, I steered you both in this direction to make my point. There is more to this riddle. The rain on your skin, the sun in your eyes, the smell of a campfire, the sound of the waves meeting the sands of the beach; these are all things our bodies tell our minds. Our bodies are tools for interpretation and manipulation of our surroundings, but the mind is lord of the body. Tell me Master Rommus, where am I?"
"Where are you? You are in Medora, near Vindyrion."
Vohl shook his head as he smiled. "No, I mean where am I in relation to you? How far away am I?"
Rommus reached out his arm. "Roughly arm's length I suppose."
"Think again Rommus and remember what I just told you."
Rommus brought his fingers to his mouth and stared at the ground. After a long pause he finally came up with an answer that he thought was just crazy enough to be correct. "There's no way to be sure. If I rely on my senses, it appears that you are at arm's length, but since light must bounce off of you and into my eye, I can't be sure of your position. Just like the stars, you are really only as far away as the edge of my eye. What my senses tell my mind is irrelevant."
Alana shook her head. "What? Have you gone crazy too Rommus? You sound like a fool."
"No, he's right. It makes sense to me. We can't be sure where any object is because the light bouncing off those objects can only be interpreted by our minds when it meets the eye. Therefore my perception of his position is actually on my eye?"
"Wait, what are you talking about?" Alana interrupted. "Why do you think light bounces? I don't get it."
"Don't you remember what I told you before about the shadows? If something is blocking the light source, it creates a shadow. The shadow is the absence of light. If the sun was over there on the horizon and he stood in front of it, blocking the light from reaching us, what would you see?"
"Nothing. He couldn't be seen in the sun. He would just be a dark figure."
"Exactly. Now since he is not a dark figure, and we are able to see his features, light must be bouncing off of his features and into our eyes. Do you understand?"
Alana paused before she answered. "I think so. But how do you come to the conclusion that you can't trust your senses? Aren't you using them to figure all of this out?"
"No, I am using my mind. He just explained that we cannot trust our senses to figure out where things are, so our senses cannot be used to interpret reality. Our mind is all we can be sure of."
"Now you are correct, Master Rommus," Vohl said as he folded his arms. "All things are in your own mind. You can be sure of nothing except the fact that you exist. Your friends, your past, the people standing before you; it is entirely possible that they exist only in your own mind."
"But how does that make us immortal? No more riddles and games, just tell us."
"I will tell you but I must ask another question. Do you remember your fifth birthday?" Both of them nodded yes. "If you died tomorrow, would you still remember it?"
"We can't be sure. Not until we die," Alana said.
"If you are hit over the head tomorrow and your memory fails, would you still remember that birthday?" he asked Alana.
"Well obviously if our memory fails we won't be able to remember it. Don't be silly."
"But Alana, you just told me you remember that day. Doesn't it make sense that if you can remember it now, you will never lose that memory? You might forget it for a short time, but that memory will never go away. The fact that you are able to remember means that you will always remember. If this was not true, your memories would start after you get hit on the head. You would not be able to remember that birthday because for you, life would start tomorrow.
"Death is much the same way. If we forget everything at death and everything goes black, then our memories would have to start from that point, not from our birth. Of course that idea is preposterous. We cannot begin our memories at the point where all of our functions fail. The fact is that we must be able to function and remember after death because if we cannot, then we would not be able to remember our fifth birthday right now."
Rommus put a foot in a stirrup and mounted his horse. "I am impressed with your knowledge Vohl. You are probably the most intelligent man I have ever met, and I have only heard you speak a few words. There is, however, one flaw in your reasoning."
"And what is that, Master Rommus?"
"You claim to be immortal, and yet you speak of death as if you know it intimately. While it is possible for you to be right about death, your beliefs do not make it truth. By using your own logic you should realize that we are unable to experience the world directly, and that world includes death. We cannot base our knowledge on something that we cannot directly experience; it must fall into the categories of faith or theory. None of us have died, so we cannot truly know that death even exists. And just because we cannot directly experience the world does not mean that there is not a world beyond our mind. It's entirely possible that what we see is real, and not some elaborate dream in our soul. The only thing we can be sure of is that we can't be sure of anything."
Vohl climbed onto his steed as Rommus helped Alana up on his own. "Very interesting observation, Master Rommus. I cannot tell you that you are wrong. I can see that we will have many interesting conversations. I am amazed that a man can see a point that I have not seen when I am probably 100 times older than he is. Wisdom is must fall like rain and wet some more than others."
"I don't think wisdom has anything to do with age. I know that older men speak of wisdom coming with age and having to learn from their experiences, but I believe you can make wise choices without having to fail first. A wise man learns from others, not just from his own success and failure." He paused and ran his hand through his hair. "Of course, I can't really speak when it comes to actually succeeding, so perhaps I am not as wise as I think I am."
Vohl laughed. "The words of a truly wise man."
"Just how old are you supposed to be Vohl?" Alana asked as Rommus brought their horse to a comfortable walking speed.
"I was born 3031 years ago," Vohl answered over the clopping of hooves on the cobblestone road.
"Your explanation for our immortality does not explain how you are unable to die. How did you become truly immortal?" Rommus asked.
"It is a complicated story. In the first age of man, when man was created by the gods, and the gods were created by man, there was a harmony?"
"Wait what did you say?" Alana asked. "Who created who?"
"The gods created mankind, but man created the gods as well. It was not until the gods and the humans existed in the same world that the history of time was written. The humans that came before us lived and repeated their lives an infinite number of times, and in fact, they are still living and repeating their cycle as we speak. Things are everlasting in more ways than you know."
Rommus stared over at the man riding next to him. "You seem to make a habit of making statements that contradict themselves."
Alana squeezed him from behind. "Kind of like how you say the moon stays up in the sky because it's falling?" Rommus laughed.
"I assure you they only seem to be contradictions because you are unfamiliar with the stories behind them. The people from the times before us needed a creator, or else their existence had no meaning or purpose. They could not understand the world around them, so they imagined a being greater than themselves who made things happen. Through the will of the people, a soul was created, a god. He was a part of the people, residing inside their hearts and minds. His existence became woven into reality through the minds of the entire world. Like I said earlier, we can only be sure of our own personal reality; the reality of our own minds. Since we are the architects of that reality, the god became real. That god is Oderion, the creator.
"At first Oderion could not handle the paradoxes his existence presented. He decided to create other gods, and he created the other six you are familiar with. Each has his purpose, and allowed Oderion to rule in a more effective manner. He created Tachion, the god of time specifically to travel back to where time did not exist, when all things from here to the stars were one, and no being could survive. He traveled there and rewrote the history of time by creating the world as we know it, along with every living being in it. It was this event that started the first age of man."
"That's a hard thing to comprehend, let alone actually believe," Rommus said.
"Well that is how it happened. If you consider it a while, I think you will come to understand it. The Dirujen come from a time when the people knew these things to be true. The truth has since been hidden from the world, but it is there if you look for it.
"It is the god Inshae who is to blame for our immortality. You see, the gods required bloodlines connected to them in this world in order to exist in their own. Each god resides now not in the minds of mankind, but in a world parallel to our own. They also had items of great power that existed on both plains in order to be able to use them in their world to manipulate ours. You carry one at your hip, Master Rommus.
"In order to protect himself from ever being destroyed, Inshae granted the Dirujen immortality. If we could live forever, no one would be able to manipulate events to kill Inshae through killing us."
"Vohl, I have already told you, this is just an ordinary sword. And what do you mean by killing Inshae? You're saying a god can be killed? How?"
"I don't know the way to kill a god. It was not something the gods told us about. For obvious reasons the gods meant to keep it a secret, but when we were made immortal it became obvious what Inshae was trying to accomplish. But I know I have seen that sword at the hip of Arius himself. You must be careful with it, for anyone you touch with that blade will be sent into the void for eternity. The void is a place where there is nothing but blackness and you must suffer the horrible emptiness alone forever. Even I fear to be near that blade, for I do not know if it would kill me or not."
"You saw a god?" Alana asked with her jaw hanging open in shock.
"I have seen all the gods, Alana. The last one I saw was Inshae when he sealed us away from our loved ones."
"Why did he do it though? Why send you away? Wasn't making you immortal enough?"
"No my lady. The gods could not live among the humans with humans having true knowledge of them any longer. They sealed us away because they could not kill us, and they hid all of the items of power as well. The world they created was becoming too difficult to manage in the state it was in, so they changed it so that any actual knowledge of them was erased. There was still faith in them, but the knowledge was gone. Our existence was proof of their existence, so we needed to be separated from mankind. "
"You mean that the knowledge was erased on this side of the seal," Rommus said. "Your people still had knowledge."
"Yes Master Rommus, but we are just a few souls. It was easy enough for the gods just to cut us off from the majority of the world."
"I have knowledge of the gods," Alana stated with confidence.
"No, my lady, I'm sorry but you do not."
"How can you say that? Look at the sky, the trees, and the animals. Look at us and how complex we are. Isn't that enough to prove that the gods exist? You can't tell me I am wrong."
"I don't mean to sound rude Alana, but you are wrong. While it is true that Oderion created those things, you do not have a true knowledge of it. No matter how strong your faith, you cannot know things that you have not encountered. Those who claim they know things about a god are the most dangerous of people."
"But you claim to know about the gods," Alana said.
"Yes, but I really do have knowledge, not faith. Once you have seen a god, all faith is gone and it is replaced forever with knowledge. I have never known faith because I have walked next to the gods when I was very young. The difference between me and the dangerous people I speak of is that they would have you follow them. They would base their actions on belief alone and call it knowledge. They would have you believe they know the will of the gods, and that is not possible. They are dangerous because they become fanatics. I do not ask you to follow me or even to believe me. I would not have even mentioned these things if you had not asked me about them."
They remained quiet for a while as they inched their way closer to the horizon. Rommus took the time to consider Vohl's words and weigh them against his own beliefs. If it was true that the man was more than 3000 years old, he obviously had a considerable amount of time to ponder his own existence. It was difficult for him to believe, however, because if he accepted Vohl's story, he would have to accept the fact that the gods were real. While it didn't make much sense that everything simply existed without being created, he found it equally illogical to believe that some secretive beings were responsible for it.
Rommus decided to put the subject in the back of his mind and consider it later. He turned his head around some so that he could see Alana behind him. She had given into her fatigue and was resting her head on his back.
"That man I killed back there; who was he?"
She lifted her head up but did not answer right away. "Just someone I knew when I was younger. He had a thing for me, when I was really too young for that sort of thing. He tried to make me do things I didn't want to do." She seemed to stumble over her words a little. "He's just a jerk. He deserved what he got, believe me."
"If Vohl is right about this sword, then he was sent to the void. Do you still think he deserves that?"
"All I know is that he is no longer alive and that suits me fine. I'll let the gods decide what his punishment will be."
Rommus touched the sword at his hip. "I'm sorry if he hurt you Alana. I would have sent him to the void on purpose if I could have."
"Thank you Rommus," she said quietly as she rested her head on his back again.
"I don't understand what happened though. I just barely touched him with the blade. I don't see how that could kill anyone. Maybe something else killed him and we just didn't catch it."
Alana positioned herself so that he could hear her whisper. "Or perhaps Vohl saw the odd way he died and then made up a story about the sword having magical powers."
Rommus nodded slightly. It was perfectly possible that Vohl was indeed inclined to fabricate stories. He was certainly a man who was comfortable thinking that reality was only in his head; and he wasn't shy about telling that to strangers either. Still, as odd as the man seemed, there was no way to know if he was right or wrong, and regardless of his ideas, he had earned their respect and gratitude.
"Vohl, are your people experienced in magic?" Rommus asked.
Vohl cleared his throat. "Well, yes and no. Some would call our power over animals and people magic, but I don't believe it is. The ones who ended up becoming our rulers have some knowledge of magic, but I cannot say how powerful they are. Their spells would not kill us, and they had to resort to actual physical violence to get us into the stone caskets and then drop us into the water. Maybe they used magic in some cases to seal the casket or to drop them from the ships, but I have no way of knowing."
"So you cannot use magic?"
"I have never tried to use it before. I have not studied any spell books or the like. Our rulers kept things secret long before they ever became our rulers. I can use items of magic though, and I have before. I have already mentioned my cape and the rings we used to communicate with our loved ones here in these lands."
"Do you have any knowledge of how magic works?"
"Yes, some. I know that it is a force that permeates all the different worlds. It is leftover energy from when Oderion created this world. It cannot be destroyed, only manipulated by those who have the talent for it. It hides in all things, but it can be forced into items or even people. What you may have seen is but a small trickle of the energy available to the gods. In a way the people who can use magic are stealing it from the different worlds; but the gods permit them to do so. I am not sure that the gods can even stop people from using magic. It is as basic and natural as the air we breathe or water we drink."
"Do you have any other items of magic with you now?"
"Yes Master Rommus. I carry two of the rings I mentioned, along with a pendant that gives me strength. This sword is also magical, and is made to be lighter and faster than an ordinary sword. Its name is Tursari."
"Your sword has a name?" Rommus said as he eyed the man.
"As does yours, Master Rommus. That sword is called Archenarius. It means 'The Might of Arius'."



Chapter 25

"Where are you leading me, Denura?" Uritus asked as the man strode quickly through the network of secret halls under the city of Brinn.
"To the section of the labyrinth that cuts into the mountain behind the Emperor's Hall. It's a place we usually avoid since it is so close to where the Nobles meet at the Forum, but I think it's quite worth the risk."
"What have you found there?" he asked with concealed excitement.
The man's bristled cheeks rose in a wide grin. "You will see, Red Master. You will see."
Uritus let the man keep his secret. He knew that he was both loyal and worthy, and he had proven it over and over again ever since he had appointed him to recover the artifacts of the gods. Although he had not found any yet, he found countless amulets and items of magic that would come in handy in the future. Any man would probably be tempted to keep such things for himself or to sell them, but Denura showed no interest in profit or personal gain. He was content knowing that his efforts advanced the cause of the Mages, and that his master was proud of him.
The fact that he had not yet found any of the artifacts was not really his fault. The ancient book that held the secret locations was not written in a way that was easy to navigate, and finding the proper sections was difficult. It seemed like a lot of the text was totally irrelevant, but Uritus believed that there was some sort of secret code hidden in those strange words. When he had time he would work to unravel the secrets, but for the time being, he was concerned only with the artifacts.
Denura led him through dark hallways and up stairways of polished black marble. There were not many torches along the way, but Uritus could see that the deeper they entered the mountain, the more elegant the craftsmanship was becoming. Soon they reached a point where there were silver accents just like those found aboveground in the Temple of Inshae. He realized that he had never been in this section of the maze beneath Brinn.
"It's not much farther Red Master. Look in there," Denura said as he pointed.
Between the large marble columns that now lined one side of the corridor, Uritus saw that there was a massive room beside them. There were giant twisting staircases that led to heights unknown. There were colossal statues of pearly white marble lining the huge room, all of them facing the same direction. The walls and the columns were still as black as pitch, which made the sculptures stand out like ghosts in the night. Shafts of light came down from unseen openings in the ceiling and did their best to pierce the darkness. Uritus felt dizzy as they walked by the gigantic room. The far columns and statues were so distant that they did not seem to slide by in his vision as they should have. He shook his head to clear his eyes of the effect.
"What is this place? Why have I never heard of this before?" he asked.
"It is a secret place, Red Master, or at least it was. These halls were sealed long ago, although I cannot guess how long it has been since anyone has been here. From a paragraph in the book, I found the way to open a wall at the end of a corridor which led us here. There may be more than one way to get here, but this is the only way I know of so far."
"This place is much grander than our secret chamber we use for ceremonies," Uritus said. "How close are we to the Forum?"
"We are no longer close to the rear of the Emperor's Hall. We are somewhere near the center of the mountain," Denura said as he finally turned and went through the columns out into the enormous room. Uritus followed.
"We will use this place from now on," Uritus said as he looked to the ceiling that seemed to be miles above him. "I am in absolute awe of it. Is this what you wanted to show me?"
Denura smiled again, but then turned away from Uritus and continued on without a word. Uritus followed with almost unfathomable excitement and wonder brimming. He knew that the man had found something truly special, and he was able to contain himself; at least for a few moments more.
"In there, Red Master," Denura said as he pointed to an open archway at the center of the rear wall. It was covered in silver adornments, but its exquisite details did little to draw Uritus's attention. He knew that there was something far more interesting inside the next room.
"What is it? What is in the room?" Uritus asked absently as he stared into the dark doorway. Denura's only answer was a hand held out, urging his master to enter.
Uritus stepped into the room and immediately he felt a surge of magic at his feet. The stones in the floor slowly began to glow a soft purple color to light the room, and the highly polished black marble ceiling and walls caught the light and aided the effect. There was so much purple light that the shadows seemed to cancel out, giving the room an eerie feel.
In the center of the room stood a statue, but this one was not large like the others in the previous room. This one was the size of an ordinary man, but on the sculpture was something that was not ordinary by any means. Uritus stared in disbelief for a moment at the tattered fabric that swayed gently in a wind that could not be felt. He put a proud hand on Denura's shoulder as he continued to stare at the sight. He found himself smiling uncontrollably. There was no doubt; these were the sacred robes of Inshae.
"It is nearly the same as when the armor of Arius was found," Denura said. "The vambraces were found on a statue as well, although there was no special room built for it. They were found behind the first archway built in Medora, a section of aqueduct that was bricked over. It seems odd to me that these robes were placed here in such a worthy place, and the armor of Arius was tucked away in some dirty underground cave where an ancient aqueduct was built."
Uritus could not take his eyes from the robes before him. He tried to remember the details of when the other Mage had brought the vambraces to him in a sack in the small library. "Tell me, Denura, did you see the other statue?"
"No Red Master, I was not the one who found the armor."
"Do you know if the statue was a depiction of Arius himself?"
"Yes it was. That I am sure of."
"Did the statue have other armor carved in the marble? I mean, was there a cuirass or other armor besides the vambraces that were actually real armor?"
"I cannot say for sure, Red Master. But I don't think that the Mage who found the armor would have known it was a statue of Arius if he was not depicted wearing his armor. Why?"
"Because if the statue was wearing armor that was carved from stone, then I don't think that there is any more armor than the vambraces alone. There would be no need to carve armor on a sculpture that you only intend to cover up with real armor. I think we can stop looking for the rest of the armor now and concentrate on the other artifacts."
"As you command, Red Master."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Uritus ran his thumb over the gold pendant that hung from his neck. This particular one held no magical powers, but he felt more powerful wearing it nonetheless. It was the one that Rommus had created for Mirra, and it brought him a little flame of joy whenever he touched it. She had seen it many times, but she never asked what it was or where it came from. He was amazed that she didn't seem to notice it, but he never rehearsed what he would say if she ever did inquire.
He pulled a nearby chair closer to his own and kicked his feet up on it. He spent a moment studying the fresco on the wall of the first war with Vindyrion while he waited for his father to arrive. The bright sunlight flooded through the large open windows and lit the painting with an almost unbearable brilliance. Outside the open window he could hear the roars of an eager crowd waiting to hear news from their Emperor. His father had been insisting recently that he be in the room to hear him make his speeches to the crowd from his balcony. He assumed that the Emperor thought that it was some sort of required training for his son's eventual role as ruler of Medora. The thought of it made him yawn.
A voice came from behind him. "Has the Emperor arrived yet?"
Uritus turned to see the Earth Legion Commander, Battus Gredda standing in the doorway. "No not yet. He likes to make the crowd wait a while. Is everything ready?"
"Yes, I will bring the Moon Legion Commander here after your father's speech."
"Are there any other military leaders lingering in Brinn, or have they all gone off to war?" Uritus asked as he put his hands behind his head and went back to examining the fresco.
"All the Commanders are gone with their five Legions. He and I are the only high-ranking officers that remain."
"Excellent. Bring him here after the speech then."
Battus bowed his head and left the room. Uritus again fingered the charm that hung from his neck from sheer boredom. He wished his father would arrive and give his stupid speech so that this would all be over and he could return to his halls under the city. He was making so many discoveries and advancements that he was nearly numb with excitement; at least when he was able to avoid things like waiting on an old man.
After what seemed like hours, his father finally arrived. He was dressed in white robes with a dark red sash thrown over one shoulder. Even the man's clothing was boring. Uritus wondered briefly if the man had ever considered wearing more normal clothing with buttons and sleeves and pants. Such clothing was more popular in Vindyrion than it was in Medora, but the look just seemed so much more attractive to him. Robes were just silly unless they were all black. Uritus smiled to himself.
"Ah there's a smile," the Emperor said. "How is my oldest son? It has been a while since I have seen you, let alone since I have seen your smile."
"I am well father. How are you?"
Piro's shoulders slumped a little. "Honestly my boy, I have been better. These times have become so stressful lately, and it is difficult to know what to do. It's especially hard with the General gone."
"I'm sure it has been. Is there any news from the assassins about catching the girl who stabbed him?"
"No I'm afraid not. I think that girl is long gone by now. She is certainly not here in Medora anymore, and we just don't have the time to find her. This war is what we are focusing on now."
"I understand father. I'm sorry that we did not catch her. Perhaps one day she can be brought to justice. Have you heard anything from the General's son?"
"No I am afraid Rommus has not been seen for many days. He's one to disappear though. He might be off in the woods somewhere. Who can tell?"
Uritus nodded absently. "Well I hope we see him soon."
Piro took a deep breath and clasped his hands behind his back. "I guess it's time to address the people of Medora. They need to be told about what their army is doing." He walked slowly to the balcony and Uritus yawned again as his father began to speak.
"My fellow Medorans," Piro said as the roaring crowd hushed, "I stand before you to inform you all of the events that have occurred in the last few weeks. I am sure many of you are confused and afraid, but do not fear. This nation will stand no matter what evil is thrown at it. Our Legions will not fall no matter what enemy stands before them.
"It is important to know that we have gone to war not to destroy a people, but to protect our ways of life that we hold so dear to us. It is hard for many to comprehend the idea that war is necessary, and it is their right to voice their opinions on the matter. But know that no Emperor, King or General desires bloodshed. Freedom is the byproduct of war. Without raising arms to defend a nation or its allies, freedom would soon fizzle out like a wet torch. War is as important as peace, for both are corresponding pieces of the same puzzle. I hope that those among you who do not agree with this war can hear the truth in these words, and the sincerity in my heart.
"Some time ago a Vindyri woman tried to kill General Tirinius. We believe that it was part of an elaborate plot to disrupt the Medoran army. The woman has escaped and has probably returned to her homeland by now. We believe that she and others have orchestrated a plan to weaken Medora so that the Bhoors can overpower us when they reach our borders. They are busy attacking the Vindyri for now, but without Vindyrion standing strong to our east, there would be nothing stopping the Bhoors from bringing war to us.
"Our army is the strongest in the known world, but the Bhoors outnumber the Vindyri and Medoran troops combined many times over. We had no choice but to send five Legions into Vindyrion to assist in battle. We must fight them before they can bring the war here where there are innocent people in every corner. I have sent those five Legions to battle so that you all may remain safe here at home. Two full Legions still protect the Medoran homeland.
"Many of you have husbands, brothers and sons in the army who are marching to war as I speak. I will not lie to you and tell you that they will all return unharmed. Many men will die in this war. It brings me a great sadness and a heavy darkness to my heart to say such a thing, and I know that the words hurt you all as well. I can only offer my hope and my prayers to the gods that your loved ones will come home safely. For those that do not return, know that they are fighting not only for you, but for your children and their children.
"The Bhoors are a people who are bent on instilling their twisted ideology in every living human. If we refuse to accept their ways, they will kill us. They have already chosen us as their enemy, long before any of us were born. They have a powerful drive to destroy freedoms like the ones we enjoy. I have seen these men torture and kill in the name of their god. They feel no regret for their actions because they truly believe that what they do is right in the eyes of their god.
"There are some of you, and many Vindyri who have somehow come to believe that most Bhoors are decent and innocent, and that only a few of them have done these evil things and caused a great and noble people to be judged unfairly by the rest of us. There is nothing further from the truth. These people are dangerous, and can never be trusted; not a single one of them. I have studied my enemy. I have read their books. Their blind hatred is evident on almost every page. I urge all of you to go to the Great Library in Taburdum and read their writings. Do not let the kind words of those who refuse to see evil warp the truth. You will find truth if you look for it. Trust no Bhoor for any reason, for his teachings tell him that you are his sworn enemy forever, no matter what.
"There is another weakness we can find under the stones here at home. That weakness is blind acceptance. Many of you have come to believe that all people must be accepted into our society no matter what kind of people they prove themselves to be. No matter how twisted and cruel a person may be, or how damaging his presence might be, some of you have the idea that it is wrong to hate him or take action against him. I must be getting very old, for I cannot think straight when I consider this. How can you possibly think that accepting everyone and everything is correct? Where do you draw the lines? When an evil man comes to take your child away and kill him, has he finally proven he is evil? Could it be that we simply don't understand him and we must grant him the things he desires simply because it is wrong to refuse to accept him? When did madness replace rational thought?
"It pains me to say these things to you, for you all know that I am a man who tries to see the good in things and not the bad. It is not wise to say such negative things to the people, but I cannot ignore these threats to our freedoms any longer. Medora is crumbling, rotting from the inside while our enemies beset us from without our walls. We have become content in doing nothing, thinking that things will remain the same as long as we make no changes to our lives. I must tell you, fellow Medorans, that freedom is not constant. Freedom does not maintain itself. Along with every privilege we are granted, new weaknesses are born. Those people who do not have the best intentions for mankind will abuse those weaknesses to dismantle the system. We must be ever watchful, and guard our ways as a hawk guards his territory. We cannot waste time emulating the dove; we are the hawk.
"I present to you two scenarios. In one, I use Medora as an example. We have always treated the Bhoors as they deserve to be treated. We exclude them because they have proven themselves to be dangerous. We accept the Vindyri but only loosely. For the most part we have been able to maintain our value system, at least until very recently. The other scenario is Vindyrion. They have opened their arms and hearts to the Bhoors and look at what is happening to them now. They are losing their culture and their lives because of these ideological madmen who have crept slowly into their nation. The Bhoors do not care that they destroy cultures in accordance with their religious teachings. They care only to spread the word of their god.
"I claim that our value system has deteriorated recently, but not nearly as badly as in Vindyrion. It can not be blamed on anyone but the Medorans, but we have somehow started to listen to the quiet voices from Vindyrion who tell us that acceptance is the only answer. Those voices whisper to us that we are wrong to be successful and exclude others while they are starving, when in reality all any nation needs to do is adopt our system to become successful. We would never force a nation to do this, and in return we should not be forced to conform to any other nation's ways. Freedom clears the path for success, and oppression turns that path to sticky mud. This is not a secret that we keep from the world.
"We ride to war to protect our culture and the things we love. We ride to war to help our friends in Vindyrion who cannot defend themselves any longer. I have sent our Legions from this land so that they may defend your lives without bringing danger to your doorsteps. Each of those soldiers marches into the east with pride in his heart, knowing that even if his life is lost, our liberty and culture will not be. While terror and sadness may grip him before the battle is through, honor and pride will remain. His blood might stain the ground, but his spirit will remain in our hearts and bring us joy when we look to the Medorans skies, searching for that elusive limit to our abilities. We will never find that limit as long as we are free from oppression.
The Emperor spread his arms wide before the people below him. "Be proud that you are Medorans. Never take your freedom for granted, for it is not. Remember your values and teach your children to be honest and stand tall in this world. Do not listen to the foolish voices that tell you that such freedoms are wrong to fight for. Be ever watchful, like the hawk, and know the signs that tell you that your enemy is leaking into your society like some vile poison. Never surrender. Never forget the lessons of the past. Never forfeit our ways to accommodate the culture of another people, and these lands will remain free and proud forever. Now let us ride to war. Now let us bring this mighty hammer down on our enemies! Long live Medora!"
The crowd below cheered loudly and almost shook the walls of the Emperor's Hall with their booming praise. Uritus rolled his eyes before his father turned around. "That was a fine speech father. But do you really think that Medora is indeed in danger from within?"
"I do. I did not say it to the people, but I think the Mages have something to do with it. I believe they are part of the problem, whispering their own lies about Medora, and softening the armor of our society from the inside."
"How can you say that? Have you ever spoken to the Mages and asked them what they thought was an ideal society?"
"No I have not. Such a secret organization cannot be trusted to tell the truth about their intent. Would the Mages ever stand before the people of Medora and be honest like I was in my speech? They will not even show their faces," the Emperor said as he turned and looked up at the grand fresco on the wall in front of him.
Uritus got up and came to his father's side, putting an arm around his shoulders. "Father, they do show their faces. You just don't know who they are. It's wrong to judge them before you know anything about them."
"I know more than you think I know, my son," he said, still staring up at the painting.
With a violent thrust Uritus stabbed his father between his ribs. His face twisted in pain before he let out a horrible scream. He gently guided his trembling father to the floor.
"Shh, quiet father. Be still. I don't want you to suffer. Just relax and the pain will go away quickly."
"How?" the Emperor managed to ask.
"How what, father? How could I do this? Your rhetoric is tired father. Your ways will die with you, and I will replace them with my own. You were too blind to see that I am part of your little problem with society." Uritus shook his head at his father and ran his fingers through the man's gray hair. "You are so foolish that you can't see that it was in fact your ways that were wrong. You cannot rule an Empire in that fashion. Someone will always be there behind you with a knife, waiting for the right time to stab you."
Piro coughed up blood as his lung filled with the hot, sticky fluid. He brought a weak, quaking hand up to Uritus's throat in a pitiful attempt to strangle his son. His face contorted in agony as Uritus twisted the knife in his ribcage, scraping the bone and severing more tissue.
"Now father, I told you to be still. In a moment you will be dead and you will no longer feel pain. Be thankful that I used a knife and not my powers to send you directly to Inshae."
"Inshae¾" the Emperor whispered.
"Yes father, Inshae. I am a Mage. Actually, I am the Red Master Mage. It was me who secretly plotted against you and your moronic system of rule. Freedom is a joke. Medora will no longer be free under my control, and I am willing to sacrifice the majority of the Medoran army to achieve my goals."
Tears began to wet his father's eyes as he stared up at him. He took a deep, ragged breath and tried to muster the strength to speak. "Take my life, but not Medora. Please save Medora."
"That is exactly my intent, old man. I intend to save this Empire from fools like you and your fathers before you. My motives are not all altruistic, I do desire power, but I am sick of the way you cater to only the wealthy, and you ignore the poor. I will force the wealthy to care and provide for those who cannot provide for themselves. Did you ever bother to think to ask me what I thought about the matter? Did you ever think of the idea yourself? We cannot live in a society where people are allowed to succeed while others are left to struggle. Men like you would call me evil, but my way is the only just and fair way. It is your way that is evil. You have been so blind and stupid."
"Not blind¾I¾see," Piro managed between irregular breaths.
"You see nothing father. You are a disgrace. I am ashamed to bear the name Tecadelion," Uritus said as he felt his father slump from his soul leaving his body. He twisted the knife a few more times to make sure that he wasn't faking, and then wiped the blood from his hands on his father's robes before standing. He took a deep breath as he prepared himself mentally for what he had to do next. The painting on the wall once again drew his attention as he waited for Battus Gredda to bring the Moon Legion Commander to the room. It was not long before they arrived.
"The Emperor!" the Moon Legion Commander shouted when he saw his bloody body on the floor. "What has happened here?"
Uritus turned to him calmly, his hands behind his back. "It was the oddest thing, Commander. I was watching his speech, and then when it was over, you arrived and stabbed him."
The man could only look confused for a second before Battus ran him through with his sword. The man screamed and fell to the floor, clenching his open wound in an attempt to keep it from killing him. His efforts did little to stop the hot blood from pouring out onto the marble tiles beneath him. Battus did not give him a chance to speak, but stabbed him several more times through his back, opening his body for his soul to escape.
"Very well done, Battus. You serve me as well as a Commander as you do a Mage. You will not go unrewarded in either of your positions."
"Thank you Red Master."
"Now that you are the only remaining Commander in Medora, and I am the new Emperor, I give you command of both the Earth and Moon Legions. We now have no opposition. Our plan is unstoppable now."
"Again, thank you Red Master. It is my honor to serve you and Inshae. Are you prepared for what needs to be done?"
Uritus took a deep breath as he stared at the bodies on the floor. "Yes Battus. I am ready. Do not cut me too deeply."
Battus pulled the dead Commander's sword from its scabbard and swung it at Uritus, grazing his flesh across his chest and stomach. Uritus recoiled but made no sound. He bent over, hugging his middle, but summoned the bravery to extend his arm to allow Battus to make another cut. When he finished, he slumped himself down in a nearby chair and tried to comfort his wounds. Battus went to the corpse of the dead Commander and ran the blade through some of the blood to make it bloodier. Anyone who might inspect the scene would think that the Moon Legion Commander had come there to stab the Emperor, but Uritus, taking the man's sword, managed to slay him. Of course, the Commander had injured Uritus before he died.
"Remove your shirt, Emperor, so that we can tend to the wounds," Battus said.
Uritus loved the sound of being called Emperor. "Go get the supplies, I am not that badly hurt, and I must contact the Zidaoz anyway. My wounds will still be bleeding when you return. Hurry now."
The man left and Uritus closed his eyes halfway. He thought that perhaps he could heal himself, but he had never tired that sort of thing, and besides he needed to appear injured or the people of Medora would never believe his story. He let the idea slip from his mind as he thrust himself into the world between worlds. He hoped the Zidaoz would not take long to answer.
Stars flew past him as he navigated the darkness. He dove and weaved through massive clusters at blinding speed. Finally he came to the soul of Zidaoz, and thankfully, he answered rather quickly.
"Ah, the Medoran. What news do you bring?"
"I cannot stay for I am injured, but everything is going according to plan. The Emperor is dead and I am now ruler of Medora. What progress have you made?"
"Congratulations on your Emperorship, Medoran. I will not keep you if you are injured; besides I am in the middle of something. Just know that we are on our way into Vindyrion now. Most of my army is already there. The Dirujen have been very helpful in translating some old text."
"The beast can read?" Uritus asked.
The Zidaoz laughed. "No Medoran, the Dirujen is not a beast like we thought. The Dirujen are a people. However they do have control over animals and even people, and they are eager to help us. They tell stories of other great beasts that live in their lands, and we will see what we can do about finding them and using them in the war."
"Good. We will need them. Medora has sent five Legions to war. You should see them on the horizon fairly soon."
"Excellent. I must go now, Medoran. I hope your wounds heal well."
Reluctantly Uritus returned to the real world where the hot pain stung his body. Battus walked through the door with exaggerated concern, with several servants following him. They kneeled and began tending to his wounds.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


The Zidaoz stared at the golden bowl filled with water that he used to enter the world between worlds and decided that next time he would try to enter the realm without using it. He turned his attention to the bound and gagged girl in the corner of the dark, candlelit traveling tent. He stood and walked over to her, knelt beside her and removed her gag. She let out a piercing scream, trying desperately to get the attention of anyone who might hear her and come to her rescue. He smiled at how foolish the little girl was.
"Quiet now little one. You know how I love your screams, but I need to concentrate on how to hurt you more. It's difficult when you are screaming like that."
The comment brought a revived terror to the little girl's eyes. She squirmed against the ropes that bound her, but the movement brought her nothing but terrible pain. Her legs and arms were twisted and broken in more places than he could count, and almost no normal flesh color remained on them. Instead they were bruised a dark purple and hideously deformed from the endless torture he made her endure for days.
He put a hand on her little knee and squeezed the tender mush that was once solid bone. She screamed in absolute agony. He reached over to the knife he kept on the ground near her and cut the ropes that held her little hands and feet.
"Don't be confused little one. I am not letting you go. I just need to get you in a better position to hurt you more. I know you don't like it, but it will be over soon. You are serving Rohni with your suffering you know. You are a very special little girl."
The girl seemed to lack the ability to scream anymore, so she just cried in horror. He knew the time was right, so he pulled her up against him as he sat on the ground, hugging her to his body. He held her tightly, making her cry even more from the terrible pain he was causing her broken body. Finally she accepted the level of pain and could cry no more. He sat there a long while and savored the moment, holding her quietly. He gripped the knife as tightly as he gripped her body.
"It is time little one. I need you to scream for me just one last time."



Chapter 26

"Uritus!" Mirra shouted as she tried to enter the room. Two large men of the Elite Guard quickly blocked the doorway and frightened the poor woman nearly to death.
"Gentlemen, let her pass. She is not a threat to me."
"Yes Emperor," they said in unison as they let Mirra enter the grand room.
"Uritus what has happened? Are you all right? Has your father really been killed? What's going on?"
"One question at a time Mirra. A lot has happened and I am afraid I don't have all the answers yet. It is true that my father has been slain, and I am now the Emperor of Medora."
"You've been hurt! I can see your bandages! Please tell me you are all right."
"I am fine, Mirra. I was injured in the assassination, but I was not hurt badly. In a few days I will be as healthy as ever."
Mirra looked to the guards surrounding him as if she only just then realized they were there. "What happened to the Emperor?"
Uritus looked at the floor and sighed. "It was terrible. I saw the whole thing. The Moon Legion Commander came in the room after the speech and approached him. There were no members of the Elite Guard in the area, but I didn't think that a Legion Commander would be a threat. I thought nothing of it as he approached him." Uritus brought a hand up to his eyes and rubbed them, hoping to fool Mirra and the members of the Elite Guard into thinking he was getting emotional about the subject. "He stabbed him Mirra. He stabbed him in his ribcage and then threw him to the floor. I ran over to try to kill him and he pulled his sword and cut me. I didn't even feel the pain. I was able to wrestle his sword from him and kill him before he could kill me. It was the worst experience of my life."
"Oh Uritus, I'm so sorry. I can't imagine how awful it must have been," she said with tears in her eyes. "I feel so bad for you. Your father was such a good man."
"I know he was. He has left a void in my life as well as in the Empire. While I will try my best to fill the void the people feel, I fear that the one in my heart will never be filled."
"Oh Uritus¾" she said as she stepped closer to him. Two of the guards stepped in front of her and stopped her from coming any closer. She looked confused. "Uritus, what is happening? Why don't you let me come near you?"
"I'm sorry Mirra, it's just that they are very protective. There is obviously something going on in Medora and they don't want anything to happen to me."
She looked at the burly men surrounding him. "But I just want to be in your arms where I am safe. You know I would never hurt you."
Uritus put a hand on the shoulder of a guard in front of him. "It's all right. Take your men and wait outside."
The guard eyed Uritus over his shoulder. After a moment he did as he was told, but not before he ran his hands up and down Mirra, checking her for any weapons. She obviously felt violated, and in a way, he did too. But he knew that this man was loyal to him -at least as his Emperor--and he meant no disrespect in any way. He was simply doing his duty, protecting his master and the Empire of Medora. The man deserved recognition for his loyalty, and Uritus said nothing as he checked Mirra for any blades.
Uritus walked across the brightly lit room and sat down carefully on a ledge near the large open window. Sunlight showered him with its warmth and he closed his eyes against the harsh rays. Mirra still stood where she had been searched, and did not make an attempt to come to him. As he thought of this, he turned to her.
"Why do you not come to me? Come look out the window at the Empire that is now mine. Do not be afraid of hurting me. My wounds are not that bad. Come let me hold you."
"I'm not afraid of hurting you. I am afraid of someone else hurting you. First it was Rommus and his father, then the Emperor. I am scared to death of losing you Uritus. Please don't leave me."
He smiled. "I'm not going anywhere my dear. Don't worry. We are being very careful now, and the guards won't let any harm come to me. Come closer to me my dear."
Mirra slowly came to his side, brushing her long black hair over an ear as she did so. She carefully put her arms around him, trying not to hurt him. They both looked out at the bright marble city for a few moments in silence, sharing their time together in a place more significant than her bedroom. He reached up to the side of her head and pulled it to his shoulder.
"Mirra, let's get married."
Her head came off of his shoulder immediately. "What?"
"I said let's get married. Will you be the wife of the Emperor of Medora?"
She stared at him with her mouth open for a few seconds before she lit up with a broad smile. "Of course I will Uritus! Do you really mean it?"
"Of course I mean it. It will have to wait for a while so that we can get things situated here in Medora, but before winter comes we shall be wed."
"Oh Uritus you don't know how happy this makes me," she said as she hugged him tightly around his neck, only to release him immediately. "I'm sorry I don't mean to hurt you."
"It's okay Mirra. You didn't hurt me. If anything your touch makes me feel better. You are the brightness in my life."
She clung to him again with renewed enthusiasm, tears of joy streaming down her face. "Uritus you make me so happy. We're going to grow old together. We're going to have children; strong boys and beautiful little girls. I feel like I am soaring above the clouds."
"Well I am glad I can make you so happy. All I ask of you is that you bear with me for a while as I tend to the things a new Emperor must tend to. I am going to be very busy for the next few days and probably for quite some time after that as well. Please don't think that I am avoiding you."
"I understand, Uritus. I will not bother you or anything. What is the first thing you will do as Emperor?"
He shifted himself to get a little more comfortable. "The first thing I must do is address the people and tell them what has happened. I am sure that word has spread by now, but it will comfort them to hear it from my own mouth. When a few days have passed, and I have healed some, I will tell them all what has happened and what we intend to do."
"What about the war?" she asked.
"The war cannot be stopped now, no matter what. My father was right in sending those men out there to protect Medora, and he would want me to make sure they completed their mission. I don't agree with my father's view of the Bhoors, but if they really are a threat to the Vindyri, then we should help our neighbors."
"You disagreed with your father on a lot of things if I remember right."
"Each Emperor is his own man. Each man has his own beliefs built on his experiences. Just because he was Emperor did not make him right in everything he thought. I will do my best to rule this Empire, regardless of what my fathers have done before me. I know the difference between wrong and right and I intend to use my power for the good of the people of Medora and for the world."
She said nothing but put her head on his shoulder again. They watched as birds flew by the window high above the streets where happy people moved through the city. The warm sun met their faces but a cool wind from the east whipped at the banners of the nearby buildings and pulled at the curtains like some aggressive beggar.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


"People of Medora," Uritus said to the crowd below him, "I stand before you for the very first time as Emperor of this great land. I am sure that all of you have heard the rumors and stories, but I have called you all here to clarify what has happened and put your fears to rest. Three days ago, the Moon Legion Commander of our very own army assassinated my father. I do not know his motives, for I killed him before I thought to ask what they were. I was protecting myself, and I am sure that it was his intent to kill me as well from the beginning.
"My father was a great man. His funeral will be held tomorrow, and I'm sure you will all come to pay your respects. I know you all loved him and respected him as a man and as an Emperor. I hope that in time I can earn that same love and respect, but understand that my views might not be the same as his were. My father was a kind man, but he ruled with an iron fist when it came to people who were not Medorans. His unwillingness to accept different people was probably what got him killed, although there is no way to know for sure.
"These are different times. When my father was younger, things were different. War was common. Death was hiding in every corner. People of different cultures could not be trusted because they were out to do us harm. These days things are more complicated, and simply refusing to accept an entire group of people is just not proper. Although his intentions were good, my father's view of the world was simply too narrow.
"It is true that we are now at war. My father and General Tirinius have committed us to this struggle, and I do not intend to reverse this current agenda. If our friends need help, we will help them, but in the coming years, after all the bloodshed, we will be working towards peace with the Bhoors. A person's heritage or culture does not make them good or evil. It is the heart of the individual that the gods must judge. The gods want us to be peacefully involved with people of all lands.
"The Medoran people want change. The Medoran people want a new way to see the world. This change has been coming for a long time, and I want you all to know that while I am Emperor, I will do the things that are in the best interest of the people. I will not stand before you and preach hatred like the rulers before me. Instead I bring a message of peace. We are all equals in the eyes of the gods. No man stands taller than the rest. No man is more important than the man or woman standing next to him; not even your Emperor.
"It is a major flaw in society that there are so many successful people and so many unfortunate suffering beneath them. Just because a man has hit hard times in the past does not mean that he does not deserve the same wealth and respect that his successful neighbor enjoys. It is my dream that all Medorans will become successful, and I will use my power to ensure that that dream will come true. This dream is shared by all decent Medorans, and all fair and clear-headed thinkers everywhere. Generosity and fairness is the only legitimate way. As my first order of business, I will take all of the tax money used to light the temples at night, and donate it to needy people.
"Another fear my father has tried to instill in you is that the Mages that walk the streets cannot be trusted. He believed, as many of you do, that they are an evil order of men bent on destroying the Empire. He offered you no proof, but again attempted to enforce his hatred as law. You are all smarter than that. You know that the Mages are calm and peaceful. You know that behind the scenes they have helped to keep this Empire free and safe. 
"Although I look out among you and see no black cloaks, I know that hundreds of you are members of this noble order. I want you to know that your Emperor supports you, and you are safe walking the streets of this great Empire. Continue your important work carrying out tasks for the gods. Even if you are secretive, you are all still Medorans and I know you are good people.
"Now I offer you some personal news. My recent brush with death has clarified my vision of life. I see things in a different light now, and I know that there are important things missing in my life. One of them is a wife. I have chosen a wife, and it brings me great joy that she has agreed to marry me. Many of you know the Odera family.  I asked Mirra to marry me three days ago. I hope that I can bring her the same level of happiness that she brings me.
"I must apologize for how short this speech is, but I must go now and rest. I hope that I have helped you all understand the current situation. We will have hard times ahead, but in the end we will be more prosperous than ever. Long live Medora!" he said as he raised his fists in the air.
The crowd cheered for their Emperor, but it felt forced and dry. They would soon come to understand that his way was better than the ways of old, but he knew it would take time. A member of the Elite Guard came to his side and helped him off the balcony and back into the building.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


"Mirra Odera? Mirra Odera?" Pirius kept saying. "How could you do this?"
"Whatever do you mean brother?"
"You know exactly what I mean Uritus. Mirra Odera is with Rommus."
"No she isn't Pirius. You just don't understand what has been going on. She is not with Rommus anymore, no matter what he tells you."
Pirius could not control the look of frustration and anger on his face. "He was your friend! We all played together as children. We all chased the pretty girls together when we got to be too old to run through these halls. He has helped you with your problems. He would do anything for you, and this is how you repay him?"
Uritus sat down in a chair and threaded his fingers together. "Pirius, you just don't understand. A man cannot control who he loves. She has stolen my heart. I thought that surely you of all people could understand that."
"I admit that I focus a little too much on women, but I would never have done this. I have enough control not to disrespect my friends."
"Is that what you think this is? You think that it's all about respect and disrespect? You see things as narrowly as our father did."
Pirius slumped at the mention of their father. He was clearly shaken by the assassination, but he did his best to avoid thinking about it so that he would not be seen crying in public. If Uritus knew his brother, he knew that he spent his nights wetting his pillow with tears. Uritus grinned a little as he thought about how weak his brother was.
Pirius turned around to hide his face. He moved some things around on a nearby table in an effort to justify avoiding the conversation. Uritus knew he was probably sobbing quietly as he rearranged some vases. He finally turned around, holding one of the delicate glass vases.
"How can you be so callous? How can you hurt me with talk like that? You know I am not coping with this very well, and yet you hurt me on purpose to make your points. In reality you are doing nothing but proving that you are indeed as heartless as you appear to be."
"A heartless man following his heart? A heartless man who just admitted to you that he cannot help but love a woman who loves him too?"
"What about Rommus's heart!" Pirius yelled as he raised the vase and made ready to shatter it on the marble floor. He stopped himself, but his dimpled cheeks were red with anger.
"Pirius, Rommus is nowhere to be found. He has been missing for weeks. In all likelihood, he is probably part of this whole uproar in Medora. You don't find it suspicious that he disappeared when he did?"
"No I don't. I was there when General Tirinius was informed about why Rommus left Brinn. He is not part of any upheaval. He was simply running for his life. He encountered Mages before he left and he felt the need to leave the city."
"Is that right?" Uritus asked as he leaned forward in his chair. "Where did he go then?"
"The soldier didn't say where he was going, but he was heading east through Taburdum. There aren't that many towns or cities directly to the east, so he probably turned north somewhere after Taburdum."
"Or went into Vindyrion," Uritus said more to himself than to his brother. "When did you discover this?"
"On the morning the army left for Vindyrion. Some soldier came and told the General about how his brother was supposed to arrive with the message days earlier but he fell or something and he died."
Uritus thought back to when he met the Vindyri named Alana. As hard as he tried, he could not make sense of the situation. If she really was the woman who tried to kill Tannis, then why would she help Rommus? Why did they escape together? It just didn't make any sense at all. It was possible that she had lied about being the assassin, but what good would that have done her? He rested his chin on his fist as he thought about what part this Vindyri had to play in all of this. If he was going to get to Rommus, he needed all the information he could get about the girl he was with. They were probably escaping into Vindyrion where there were fewer Black Mages to worry about. The Black Mages there were even more secretive than the Silver ones, and never made public appearances. Certainly though, the Black Mages in Vindyrion had the same agenda that he had.
Uritus realized his brother was staring at him as he was lost in his thoughts. "Pirius, I need my rest. Go find something to do."


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


"I can't see your face at all, Red Master. It's as if you are standing in shadow."
"Is it just because of the large hood, or is it something else?" Uritus asked.
"No, it's not the hood. I can't see anything at all. It's hard to explain. It's not exactly darkness I see, it's just that your face is obscured; even when light falls upon it. It reminds me of looking into a dark pond."
"Interesting. When I come across a mirror I shall have to look in it," Uritus said as he looked down at the sacred robes of his god. In all the commotion over the past few days, he was unable to even try them on. Finally he found time to return to the room where they were found and wear them. It was odd clothing to say the least; the inside did not seem to be made of fabric at all, but rather some sort of strange blackness. It was almost as if the inside of the robes was made of shadow, his fingers unable to feel it. The sight was very disorienting, so he did not examine it for very long. Instead he had pulled the strange robes over his head and finally completed the task that his god had given him. At last he wore the robes of Inshae.
After a short time, he realized why the insides of the robe were so strange. As he wore them, he could feel the gentle hum of power from the world between worlds against his skin. Obviously the inky blackness hidden beneath the fabric was somehow connected to that world, and he could feel the power waiting there for his command. He also realized that he was aware of that world in a new way; he could feel where all the souls resided, not just the few souls he was able to pick out before. It was like he had a vast knowledge of an intricate map of some foreign land, but a land he had never been to.
Suddenly he felt an odd tingle. It was the same feeling he had on the day that Inshae had come to him. He searched the room but saw nothing. Immediately he yelled to the Mage in the room, thinking he was the reason for Inshae not revealing himself. "Leave me at once!"
The Mage did as he was told, and an instant later the form of Inshae hovered above the statue in the center of the room. The purple light from the magical floor tiles lit the god in such an eerie way that even Uritus was a little frightened of the sight. He pulled the hood off his head and gently laid it back over his shoulders before bowing his head.
I see that you have found the robes. Have you found any other artifacts?
"Yes Inshae, we have also found the armor of Arius. We found only the arm guards, but I believe that there are no other pieces to the armor."
You are correct, Medoran. There is more to the armor, but not in this world. You have done well so far. I did not expect you to find these things so quickly.
"I do my best to serve you, Inshae. Why have you come to me?"
I could feel that you wore my robes. I came to see that it was true. I also come to tell you that the gods are now fully aware that Arius is dead, and Oderion has been using the god of life to contact Rommus Tirinius through dreams.
"You mean that the gods know what I have done? They know that Rommus is now the god of war and they are communicating with him?"
No, not exactly. The gods can speak to humans through dreams, but it is very difficult when they do not know who they are trying to speak to. The gods are not as aware of events in this world as you might think. It is typical for a human to believe that a god knows every thought in his tiny little mind, but such things are impossible. I am the only god who is aware of the name of the human who is now the god of war, and the name of the human who killed Arius. 
Uritus stared up at the massive robed being above him; almost a mirror image of his own smaller form. "I understand, master. What is your next command? What do you want me to do?"
It is important that we eliminate the threat of the god of war. The other gods will soon realize that there are only two men left in the world with the proper bloodline. When they do, they will panic and probably destroy this world before allowing the scales to be tipped in my direction. There is no telling what Oderion will do, but we must kill Rommus Tirinius before he realizes the full weight of this threat. 
"But master, how can we find him? And when we find him, how can we be sure that we can actually kill him? He is a god, at least in some respects."
Yes that is true, but as I said before he is also a man. Find your most trusted follower, but one who is strong and experienced in killing. Tell him to put on the armor of Arius. The armor will be dormant most of the time, but he will be able to summon the armor when he needs it. This will allow him to find Rommus without drawing attention to himself by wearing the armor in the open.
"But how will he be able to kill Rommus?"
He will need to find a way. The armor cannot be pierced by any weapon made by man or god, so he will be safe from the sword of Arius which Rommus carries. He must kill him and retrieve the sword.
Uritus paused for a moment. "I must admit that I am hesitant to grant any of my men such great power. Is it possible for a man wearing that armor to do me harm?"
I will grant you immortality for your protection, but only while you wear these robes. I will ensure that the man you choose does not have the same power, but he will still have the protection of the armor of Arius. You must choose the man carefully. It must be someone you trust.
"Thank you for the gift of immortality, master. It is truly an honor. But you never told me how to find Rommus. He could be anywhere."
I do not know where he is at this time. However the man who wears the armor will feel a pull to the sword of Arius. Unfortunately Rommus will also feel the armor in this way as soon as your follower wears it. But even without these artifacts, it is not hard to guess where Rommus is going. The gods call him to the Land of the Gods. Send your follower directly to the Columns of Inshae so that he can meet him there and kill him before he crosses into that land. Then you must also kill his father, but I will not have you attempt to raise him as the new god of war in place of his son. Just kill him. Once they are both dead the balance of power will shift to the dark gods and I can complete my plan in destroying Oderion.
"I will send a man at once. I have a follower named Denura who is perfect for the task. He will not fail us and I trust him completely."
The form of Inshae began to fade as its tattered robes whipped in an unfelt wind. Then send him at once and waste no more time. Do not fail me.
Uritus smiled to himself as he watched Inshae fade from the real world. When his ghostly form vanished he immediately turned and left the room, the purple glow from the floor turning to blackness as he left. He needed to find Denura and send him on his mission right away if he was going to be able to reach Rommus before he got to the Land of the Gods. Rommus was already weeks ahead of him, but he hoped that he was confused by the dreams and unsure of where the gods wanted him to go. If he was in a hurry, he should have been there already, so he was most likely not aware that there was any urgency. There was probably still time to intercept him, but time was running out.



Chapter 27

"Something has changed."
"What do you mean Rommus?" Alana asked as she watched him stare off to the west.
"I have no idea what I mean. I can just feel something. It kind of feels like when you're being watched by someone. Do you know the feeling I mean?"
"Sure I do. Everyone has felt that feeling. But why is it such a big deal right now?"
Rommus turned from the horizon that called to him and looked down into her blue eyes. "I don't know. It's a much bigger feeling than just that. Something calls to me, and I can sense where it is. Maybe it's a person or something. I can't tell."
"I think I have stumbled into the lives of the world's strangest men. Between you and Vohl, I think I have heard just about every weird thing I can imagine."
Rommus smiled. "Well don't get the wrong idea. I think it's weird too. I'm on your side." He pointed to the city in the immense but shallow valley below them. "So that's Burnhamheade?"
"That's right. Is it what you expected?"
"You mean does it look like it did in my dreams? I don't know yet I'll have to get closer. Vohl, was there a city here when you were here last? Does it look the same?"
"Certainly not, Master Rommus. I don't recognize anything here at all. The only things that will look familiar to me will probably be those mountains to the north, for they change at a much slower rate than the creations of man."
Rommus mounted his horse. "Vohl, I told you, I am not master of anything. You can just call me Rommus."
"As you command, Rommus."
Rommus let out a short chuckle and shook his head. It seemed that no matter how close they got to Vohl, he refused to let go of his formalities. The man was as proper as any man could be, but as formal as he seemed on the surface, it was becoming more and more obvious how detached he had become from the real world. Rommus was still very skeptical about his so-called immortality, and Vohl had done little to prove his claim, but Rommus was certain that he did indeed spend a lot of time away from society. The man's manners were very polished, but it seemed that the man himself was tarnished much like silver that had been ignored for too long.
The bright sun cast its rays on their shoulders and lit the land around them in a brilliant display of beauty. The Vindyri seemed to be fond of roses, and as they made their way closer to the capital, they saw more and more. There were rosebushes everywhere, mostly ones with red flowers dotting the dark green foliage. Even the simple homes they passed had beautiful gardens whose centerpiece was always a well-pruned rosebush. Rommus could smell the soft scent as he passed them. He never understood why people liked the smell so much. It was rather bland as far as he was concerned.
The city finally filled their vision as they came to its edge. The streets were as busy as any streets in Medora, with people and carts and horses dodging each other. The buildings were exactly as the dreams had showed him, even down to the colors and the intricate designs carved in them. He looked past the delicate columns and saw windows with thin iron scrollwork between the panes of glass. Rommus quickly found a place where they could leave their horses to eat while they found some food themselves.
"That building over there," he pointed, "that's the one with the huge round window, we just can't see it from here. When we turn around this corner, it will come into view and we'll see the colored glass. It forms a picture of a man on a horse and the seven gods are above him."
"I'm impressed Rommus. That is the building. Maybe your dreams were right after all," Alana said.
"For a man who does not believe in magical powers, you certainly seem to place a lot of importance on dreams that by all accounts are magical themselves," Vohl said as they walked the stone streets.
"I never said I didn't believe in magic. I simply don't know anything about the truth of the subject. As far as I know, magic might just be trickery. It's a difficult thing to prove."
"Very true Rommus, but isn't that building over there with the window proof itself?"
Rommus laughed. "I don't know Vohl. I guess it is. Tell me, what makes you believe in magic?"
"I don't think I see the world in the same way you do. For me, it is more difficult to imagine a world without magic than a world with it. Magic is the fabric that connects all things. Without it the world would not function."
"But Vohl, those are your beliefs. Beliefs to not make things true. There is only one truth about magic, and it is either that it does exist, or it doesn't. No matter how hard we believe in one of those answers, it doesn't change the truth."
"Yes I understand what you mean Rommus. We had a similar discussion about the gods on the day we met. I understand the difference between belief and fact, but like I said, I just cannot imagine a world without magic. Besides, how do you account for my cape, sword, rings and pendant?"
"Well Alana and I have not seen those things do anything extraordinary."
"That's not true," Alana said. "I saw only a shadow when he saved us that day. His cape worked exactly as he claims it does. He also killed almost all those men by himself. I think his sword has shown its power as well."
Rommus sighed. "I guess it's possible. Like I said I didn't say that magic is not real. I said I didn't know anything about it."
"Well dreamer, how's that for proof?" Alana asked as she pointed.
Rommus raised his head and found what she was pointing at. Rising up in front of them was a great building, larger than the rest in the city. It had tall, thin columns and pointed archways everywhere; almost too many from an aesthetic viewpoint. The design was somehow overdone and simple at the same time; catching one's attention at once with its power, and making one wonder why he was staring. As they slowly looked higher, the focus of the building jumped out at them. A huge circular window was positioned at the center of the building high above the streets. Rommus could not imagine how anyone could create such a window, for it seemed that the weight of the glass alone would send it crashing to the streets, shattering the colored glass in a heartbreaking spectacle of beautiful disaster.
"It's much bigger than I thought, but it looks exactly like it did in the dream."
"You dream beautiful dreams, Master Rommus. I am truly struck by the sight," Vohl said as he stared.
Rommus kept his eyes on the window for a while and took in the artistic genius of the glasswork. The depictions of the figures seemed too realistic to be executed in nothing but pieces of glass. It wasn't really his style, but he could not deny its commanding beauty.
"I thought he told you to stop calling him that. How come you never call me Master Alana?" she asked as she poked Vohl in his ribs. He jumped back and smiled at the prod.
 "My lady, we do not call women Master where I come from. Is it custom to do so here?"
Alana laughed. "No, Master Vohl, I am just playing with you."
Rommus found himself staring off to the west again. He couldn't ignore the strange feeling he had deep in the pit of his stomach. It was as if the world around him got very quiet and the only thing he could hear was a voice in the distance. Although he heard no actual words, he could feel something; a connection that he could not comprehend. He snapped out of his trance when Alana grabbed his wrist.
"Well are you?" she asked.
"Huh? Am I what?"
"Are you coming with us or are you going to just stand there all day? Haven't you been listening to us?"
"What are you talking about? Of course I have been listening. Where are we going?"
Alana rolled her eyes. "To eat something and to get some supplies. That's what we came to the city for. Don't you remember?"
"Yes I remember."
Vohl cocked his head and stared into Rommus's eyes. "Rommus are you feeling well? You seem as if something is bothering you."
"There is always something bothering me my friend. Right now I can't seem to break free of this feeling that something is over there, back towards Brinn somewhere."
"Perhaps you miss your home where the sun sets on a familiar horizon."
"Oh Rommus, that reminds me!" Alana interrupted. "I think I might have discovered how the sun and moon stay up by falling."
He grinned. "Is that right? Let's hear it."
"Is it because they get heavier at some times, and lighter at others? That has to be the way it works if you say they stay in the sky because they are falling."
He felt sorry for having to tell her she was wrong, but he had to do it. "No, I'm afraid that's not it."
"Well how does it work? I can't sleep at night because I can't get the stupid thought out of my head. This is all I could come up with."
"All right, I'll tell you." He cleared his throat. "If you were to stand on a mountain, and shoot an arrow at great speed, what would happen?"
Vohl answered. "Well, it would fall a long way until it reached the earth."
"Right. Now what if you could fire it at an even greater speed?"
"It would go farther before it hit the ground," Alana said.
"Right, it would still fall, but it would travel a greater distance before it fell. Now what if I told you that it was possible to fire the arrow at such a speed that it would never touch the ground?"
"Then I would tell you that you're crazy. Things don't just stay in the sky. Even birds have to land eventually."
Vohl rubbed a finger on his chin in thought. "But if things could stay in motion in the air, what keeps them moving? Everything must fall to the earth at some point."
"The moon does indeed fall to the earth, Vohl. That's the point I am trying to make. Haven't you ever noticed that we see the sun creep up over the horizon in the morning, and noticed that we see the top of the sun before the rest of it comes into view? Or haven't you noticed that the sails of a ship can be seen out on the horizon before the boat itself?"
"I suppose I have noticed that, but I don't understand the relevance."
"And I have never seen a ship on the horizon at all. I am from Vindyrion, remember?" Alana said.
"Well, even so, it should be obvious that the land we walk on is not really flat, but is curved gently. This curve is relatively the same no matter where you stand, and the objects on the horizon always appear in this manner; top first. Using this information we can determine that the earth is not flat, but round. It's also obvious because the sun and moon dip behind one horizon and then rise at the other. They are going around us, so to speak."
"All right, that makes sense I suppose. But what does that have to do with shooting an arrow off a mountain?" Alana asked.
"The moon works in much the same way the arrow does, only it moves at such a great speed that it never touches the ground."
Alana wrinkled her eyebrows. "What? I don't get that at all."
"Don't you see? The moon flies by at great speed, but the earth curves out of its way, falling out from under it. The moon constantly falls, but the round earth makes it impossible for it to ever fall to the ground."
"Oh my, that does make sense," Vohl said as he stared at the sky.
"I'm still not getting it Rommus," she said scratching behind an ear. "I guess I'll spend a few more nights thinking this over. So the sun works the same way I assume?"
"Yes and no. They work the same way, but the sun does not travel around the earth, we travel around the sun the same way the moon travels around us."
"I think I shall have to start calling you Master Rommus again. You do seem to be a master of knowledge and thought," Vohl said with a smile.
"Anyone can see these truths. If you only had the time I have had to consider things, you'd come to the same conclusions. You'd be surprised at all the things you can discover when you are avoiding dealing with the harsh reality of your own existence. I have spent way too much time on my own doing my best to avoid looking at the darkness that has crept into my life."
"While I make no judgment on your view of your life, Master Rommus, I must say with all due respect that I have had much longer than your lifetime to consider such things. I was born long before the men who laid the first blocks to build this very city, and yet the truths you have discovered in your short life have evaded me. These things seem so simple and true now that you say them, and yet somehow none of it has ever come to me. You told me before that I was the most intelligent man you had ever met. I must return the statement in kind." 
"Thank you, that means a lot to me. But I am not trying to impress anyone. I hope you don't have the wrong idea about me."
Alana laughed a dainty little laugh. "I think that your problem is the fact that everyone else has the wrong idea about you, Rommus Tirinius."


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


After they had eaten and purchased some new supplies, they weaved their way back to the building with the colored glass window. They took in the sight once more before heading back to the stables where they left their horses. Alana had taken the long way so that they could see all the things the Vindyri capital had to offer. Unlike the picture she had painted, the city was quite beautiful, and not the dull, boring city she had claimed it was. While Brinn still seemed to shine a little brighter, Burnhamheade was not that far behind. Vindyrion was a little more rustic in parts, but attractive nonetheless.
Something caught Rommus's eye. It was the face of a man staring at him intently. His eyes were a dark blue, and peered out from under a silver hood. The fabric shined like satin and flowed down over the man's shoulders all the way to the ground. He stood still, but after locking eyes with Rommus, he bowed his head; noticeably but discreetly. Rommus was instantly reminded of the Silver Mages in his dream that bowed to him. His muscles tensed like a wild animal's; half from nervousness and half from wonder.
"That man just bowed his head to me," he said quietly. "It's sort of what happened in the dream."
Alana looked at the bearded Mage across the street. "He makes me nervous Rommus. No one has really noticed us here so far. What should we do?"
"We must confront him. I can't let this go without checking to see what all of this means. Come with me."
When they reached the man he shrank back slightly, but he did not appear to be frightened. It looked as if he moved back more out of respect than anything else; much like a man might avert his eyes when an Emperor walks by. Rommus found it odd that the man's hood was not as large and loose as the hoods of the Black Mages in Medora, and it did a poor job of covering any of his features. He assumed that the Silver Mages were not concerned with keeping their identities a secret.
"Who are you?" Rommus asked as he strode up to the man.
"I am Silas my Lord."
"Why do you stare at me? Why do you bow your head when all others here have ignored our presence?"
The man had a strange look of confusion in his eyes and paused before he answered quietly. "Because you are the god of war. Are you not Arius, sent here in human form to walk among us?"
Rommus stared intently at the man. "Before I answer that, what makes you think that I am Arius?"
"I saw the sword, and then I saw your eyes. You are no ordinary man. You are Arius, are you not?"
"I carry Archenarius, don't I? Is it your desire to kill me then? Does Inshae command it?"
"My Lord, we must not discuss things here on these streets. There are many ears and eyes watching and waiting. You must come with me."
"So that you can kill us? I think not."
"My Lord, I do not have the power to kill a god, and if I did, I would never do so. Please come with me to a secret place where we can talk."
After sharing glances with the other two and getting only shrugged shoulders as a response, Rommus reluctantly decided to follow the man. He kept his hand on the hilt of his sword as the man took them away from the busy streets and into an alley. Behind one of the stucco buildings he pushed open a door that was disguised to look like part of the wall. Inside the dark building were wooden steps that led down to a candlelit room. There were more than 100 candles all over the tables and shelves, so the room was fairly bright and books and scrolls could be seen strewn messily about.
"Pardon the mess my Lord. We have been very busy lately. This room is magically sealed, so we are safe to speak here. No one will hear us."
"No one will hear us scream you mean," Alana said.
Vohl gently touched her shoulder and whispered to her. "He cannot hurt us. I have power over him like I had power over you when you looked in my eyes. You are safe."
"I only followed you here because I have had visions that have guided me here. I have seen you and your kind in my visions, but know that if you make one wrong move, I will send you to the void in an instant. You will not even ever meet Inshae."
"I mean you no harm or disrespect Arius. Please forgive me if I have disrespected you. I do not wish to meet Inshae, but I do not wish to go to the void either."
"I thought you worshipped Inshae."
Silas stared at him, obviously confused. "No of course not. Silver Mages worship the gods of light. We despise Inshae and all of his followers." The man eyed them all suspiciously. After some hesitation, he spoke again. "You aren't the god of war, are you? I feel the power of a god in you, and yet, something is not right. You should know that I mean you no harm. You should know that Silver Mages do not worship the god of death. I thought you had come to us to help with the coming war; to give instructions on what to do about the innumerable troops waiting outside the city. Something is not right."
"What do you mean innumerable troops?" Alana asked as she leaned against a wall.
"The Bhoors. Their entire army sits and waits just to the east of this city. They have been motionless for nearly two weeks. We all have had no choice but to return to our daily routines as we wait to see what they do. I fear there can be no victory, even with the spells we have learned that will aid the army in war. Just their presence is destroying our agriculture as they feed off of the land. Even King Weryn seems to have lost all hope, although we do not speak with him directly."
Rommus sighed and wiped a hand down his face. "Look, Silas," he said, "I am not the god of war, but I support the Vindyri in this matter. I am not fond of any Bhoors. I know that they are a dangerous people and I do not trust them. I am sorry that I misled you about who I am. I do bring you news though. Medora has sent troops to help in the war. Before I left I spoke with the one of the Legion Commanders and he is bringing 40,000 men with him."
"You mean Commander Soterus?"
Yes. How did you know his name? Has he arrived already?"
"Yes he showed up more than a week ago with his men. Another wave of men came behind him, but after seeing the number of Bhoors positioned outside the city, they fled to the nearby hills to avoid detection while they formulated a plan. He has sent riders back to Medora requesting additional troops."
"There are enough Bhoors to make 40,000 Medorans run and hide?" Alana asked with wide eyes.
"Not exactly. They didn't run from the Bhoors, they just didn't want to alert them to their presence. But I assure you that any man in his right mind would run from that army."
"I'm amazed that he got here that far ahead of us, but I guess we have not taken the most direct route," Rommus said. "I wish that there was something I could do to help Silas. I'm sure that Medora will send more men. If you have any questions perhaps we might know some piece of information that will help you."
Silas stroked his blonde beard. "I do have a question burning in my mind. If you are not the god of war, where did you get his sword Archenarius?"
"It's not the sword of Arius, it only appears to be. It's a sword I stole from the Mages in Medora. Where I come from, the Mages worship Inshae."
"Oh they worship Inshae here as well, but you are referring to Black Mages. The Silver Mages here in Vindyrion overpowered the Black ones long ago, but the Black Mages still rule in Medora. The Black ones here are forced to meet in secret, for if they are discovered we will kill them. I know that most decent people would call that wrong, but they are too dangerous to let them live. Even in their crippled state they can do terrible damage to this nation. We believe that they are part of the reason that the Bhoors have been able to infiltrate our lands, but we cannot be sure. All we can be sure of is our own actions and our sense of honor. But speaking of honor, what manner of man finds it just to steal a sword from people; and dangerous people at that?"
"You insult me sir and you do not know me. Those men tired to kill me. I was barely aware of the sword in my hand as I ran away from them. They are evil people, as you claimed yourself. I find it odd that you believe that killing them is permissible, and stealing from them is not."
"Perhaps I misspoke, my friend. I did not mean to offend," he said with a disarming smile. "I'm sorry I didn't catch your names."
"I am Rommus, this is Alana, and that is Vohl," he said, nodding to his companions as he did so.
"You are Dirujen, are you not?" he asked Vohl, but he avoided looking him in the eyes.
Vohl bowed deeply at the waist. "Vohlhemoneer Dirujen, Master Silas. Most call me Vohl."
"How is it that a Dirujen has crossed the seal?" he asked.
"The seal has fallen, Master Silas. I needed only to walk through where it once stood."
"Oh that is troubling," he said. "We have enough problems with an army at our gates. We do not need any ancient beasts invading our lands; especially not now. Have other Dirujen crossed the seal as well?"
"I'm sorry Master Silas, I do not know. I came alone and I have been alone in the world for some time."
"I understand. Well we can only hope that at least some have stayed in your land to control the beasts. None on this side have spoken with a Dirujen for countless years." He sat down in a chair and pulled at his beard. "I am sorry for taking up your time my friends. I would not have brought you down here but I truly believed that you were Arius. You should be on your way, but please tell no one of this secret place. Be careful on your journey and wherever it leads you. It would be best for you to leave this city as soon as possible."
"We will be on our way," Rommus said as he flipped his cape behind him. "I'm sorry that we can do no more to help you. I wish you luck in your war against the Bhoors. I hope that Arius--the real Arius¾is on your side."
The three of them turned and went up the noisy wooden stairs and back out into the city, their eyes narrowing as they adjusted to the harsh rays of the bright sunlight. They left the alley and meshed with the people on the crowded street, making their way back to where they left their horses. As soon as they were far enough away from the crowd, Alana spoke.
"Why did you tell him all that? How could you trust him with that information?"
"What information do you mean?"
"You told him about the Medoran army coming to aid the Vindyri. You told him about the sword you stole."
Rommus grinned at her and turned his gaze to the street before them. "I wasn't 'telling' him anything Alana. I was testing him."
"What do you mean?" she asked as she flipped her hair over a shoulder.
"I knew that Soterus and his men would get here before we did, although I didn't think they would be more than a week ahead of us. I also know that Silas would be aware of the approximate number of soldiers. When he knew the name of the Commander, I knew that he had dealt with him, and since he is still alive, Soterus must have trusted him.
"As far as the sword goes, I answered his question truthfully so that I could gauge his response. He did not appear to desire the sword, and only looked at it twice. If he was really concerned about it, he would have done something or said something to get closer to it. I wanted to know if his intentions were to take it from me, and I was prepared to cut him down if he made a move for it. I needed to find out through him if the Silver Mages here can be trusted or not. So far, like my dreams have shown me, they can be trusted."
Vohl cleared his throat. "What good does that do us, Master Rommus? Do you intend to stay here and fight in this war? Why does it matter to you if these Mages can be trusted?"
"Because Vohl, this war is more important than my own agenda. I don't intend to fight in it, but if he had said something that I thought was suspicious, I would stop what I was doing and find Soterus to warn him. It's also in our best interest to know if we have to be on guard the whole time we are here, wondering if a Silver Mage will attack us or not. On a personal level, it also matters to me because I am trying to interpret what my dreams are trying to tell me, and Silver Mages always bow to be in my dreams."
"I understand Master Rommus. But I am still confused about why you follow the path you see in your dreams. Even if they are more realistic than others, what do you hope to accomplish?"
"It's hard to explain Vohl. I feel like I have done nothing in this world. It's like I blinked and suddenly I was no longer a boy, and life rushed past me before I was ready. I never found any purpose. I never found anything to believe in. Everywhere I look I see only darkness and failure. No one seems to like me. I feel like the only way I can affect the world is if I die. Then maybe people will be affected by things I have said."
"Rommus," Alana said in surprise, "that's no way to talk."
"I don't mean that I want to die Alana. I just think that people stop listening to people after a while, and it sometimes takes tragedy to put things back in perspective. But I don't mean to sound so bleak; my point is actually an optimistic one. Something is finally pulling me. I can finally see a light in the darkness. I know my reasons are little vague, even to me, but what really baffles me is why you two are coming with me."
Vohl ran his fingers through his hair, obviously finding it difficult to come up with the words he needed. "I have not wanted to tell you why I am going to the Land of the Gods. I feared that you would treat me differently if you knew my intentions, but judging from what you just said, perhaps you will understand after all.
"I am on my way to the Land of the Gods to demand that the gods kill me. I do not really want to die, but living a life away from the people I loved is not my idea of happiness. I wish to be with them in the world beyond this one, for I too have no purpose in this world. With the gift of immortality comes the terrible price of being alone. I have nothing left to fight for, and I have grown tired of looking for such a purpose."
"I think I understand Vohl. Maybe we are more alike than we thought. I don't judge you for wanting to be with your loved ones, although if you were gone, Alana and I would surely miss you. I hope that between here and the Land of the Gods, we all find our purpose, and there will be no need to let the gods take you--at least not yet."
"Thank you Master Rommus," he said as he turned his head away from them to hide his emotions.
"What about you Alana? Why have you come all this way? Why do you still travel north when you could go home and be done with this mess?"
"Because of you," she said without hesitation.
"What do you mean?"
"There was a time when I wasn't sure what was making me follow you. I felt like we needed each other for protection, but we have not had any trouble in a long time. I think we are past the danger now, but I still felt like coming with you was the right thing to do. It's a feeling I have deep inside me that I can't ignore. You always talk about finding your light, your purpose. Well Rommus Tirinius, you are my light. I follow you now because I can not imagine it being any other way."


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Clouds had moved in and a light fog fell on the land since their visit to Burnhamheade earlier in the day. The temperature had dropped and it was actually quite cool. Rommus could see that the leaves of the trees were beginning to fall to the ground and some were even slowly changing color. It would not be long before the whole land was painted in reds and yellows as fall would turn the last few pages of summer and prepare to open winter's door.
The Vindyri capital could still be seen in the valley beneath them, but they were far from any habitable civilization, and in fact the only manmade thing nearby was the paved road beneath them. Since the overcast sky was bringing darkness a little earlier than expected, they decided to camp in the woods and not try to make it to the next town. None of them knew much about horses, and they were afraid that forcing the horses to walk in the dark might lead to some kind of injury.
The road meandered through the forest in a somewhat haphazard fashion. While the Medorans removed obstacles from the path before paving a road, the Vindyri seemed to be content with just paving around rocks and trees. This method of paving winding roads made the forest seem denser because of the lack of a well-defined open area. But even if the road was straight and clear, Rommus figured it would be hard to see through the fog that seemed to mute the colors as well as the ambient sounds.
Rommus saw Vohl tense. He turned around but remained seated, looking for whatever it was that caught Vohl's attention. Soon he saw the two figures walking down the road towards their campsite. Knowing that the men were aware of them, he didn't hesitate to call out Alana's name to warn her. She sat up and came closer to the campfire when she saw the men coming. Rommus rested his hand on his hilt, but kept the sword hidden beneath his cape.
"Good evening," one of the men called out in a friendly voice. "We mean you no harm. May we speak with you a moment?"
Rommus stared into the strange eyes of the man as he came closer. He and his companion looked very much the same, with long dark beards, narrow faces and long rounded teeth. He knew at once that for the first time, he was looking upon men from Bhoor-Rahn.
Vohl answered before Rommus thought of what to say. "We mean you no harm either, travelers, but it is best that you be on your way."
"But we want nothing but conversation. We will stand here at a distance if it makes you more comfortable. I am Jrad, and this is Euza."
"You wander the roads at dusk looking for people who will speak to you? I find that odd," Rommus said as he stood slowly. "You are Bhoors, are you not?"
"Yes my friend, we are Bhoors, although we have lived here in this land for most of our lives. What is your name?"
"My name is not of consequence. Why are you not on the other side of Burnhamheade with the rest of your army?"
Jrad threw his head back and laughed. "My friend, we are not with the army. I told you we have lived here in Vindyrion most of our lives."
"Regardless of where you live, I do not trust strange men who wander around while a dangerous army makes camp so close to us."
"My friend, the army of the Bhoors is not dangerous. They come to spread the word of Rohni. Theirs is a message of peace."
"Is that right?" Alana broke in. "What kind of peaceful army attacks their ally to the east?"
"The men who have fallen to that army were chosen by Rohni my friends. They are a special group of people selected to spread his word."
Rommus felt his anger rise and his eyebrows lower. "We are not your friends. And are you saying that the people that the Bhoors slaughtered are helping spread the word of your god?"
"Well, yes. But Rohni is not our god; he is god of us all. He is your god as well, and we have come to teach you about him so that you may worship him and know peace."
"None of us are interested in your teachings," Rommus said. "Be on your way."
"But my friend, we must show you the truth and the light of our god. He will bring you blessings and peace. Without hearing his message, you will be doomed."
He tightened his grip on his sword. "Is that a threat?"
"It is no threat my friend, but part of the message we have been chosen to spread. If you do not learn our ways, the true word of Rohni, then your soul will be lost forever. You must give us this chance to save your spirit from destruction."
Vohl stood up and straightened to his full height. "And if we refuse?"
"If you refuse to hear the word then you become marked by Rohni. Once you are marked you are chosen by him to spread his word in the manner he sees fit."
Alana finally stood too, a look of anger growing on her face. "And how do you suppose that we can spread the word that we refuse to hear in the first place?"
The man ran his hands over his tan robes in a nervous fashion, but his voice was strong and full of resolve. "Rohni might choose to have those who are unwilling to listen killed in order to send a message to the next group of people. But that is not our intention. Our dream is a peaceful world where all mankind lives in harmony, forever in the light of our god."
Vohl drew his sword, its blade catching the dark blue light of the cloudy sky along with some of the harsh orange firelight. "You men have worn out your welcome. You have now threatened us, and we will not stand for such a thing. Arm yourselves."
"My friend, we carry no swords. Our weapon is the word of our god and the glory of his eternal truth. We do not threaten you, we wish to save you."
Rommus followed Vohl's lead and drew his own sword in the fading light. "You wish to save us by killing us if we refuse to follow your ridiculous religion. I can't believe you can actually say that and take your religion seriously."
"It is not the word of man, my friend; it is the word of god. He commands such things, we only do his bidding. We will not harm you, but Rohni will ensure that you die so that others will see the folly in refusing his word. You must hear our message if you are to be rewarded in the next world, and not suffer here in this one."
Rommus took a step toward the two men. They took a step back. "And how can you say that the god I worship is not the correct god? How can you tell me you are right and I am wrong?"
"Your god is not god. He is nothing but a false god. There is only one god and that is Rohni," the man said as he nervously took another step backwards.
"How dare you? How can you say that to someone when no man is provided with any knowledge about any god? How dare you be so bold as to threaten innocent people with death if they do not convert to your religion? How dare you mock another's beliefs by telling him that his god is not real, when you have no more proof than him that your god is real?"
"Please my friend," the man said as he held up a hand, "we do not want you to die. We want you to be happy with Rohni forever. We want you to be rewarded for spreading his word in this lifetime. We were sent to save you."
"I grow bored of this," Rommus said. "I will hear no more about your twisted ideology. Leave us now or we will kill you; not for any god, but because you are despicable, dangerous people who do not deserve to live."
Jrad took a bold step forward, anger finally showing in his eyes. "Then I mark you! I mark all of you in the name of Rohni. He will make sure that you die in his name so that his word may spread."
In a blink Rommus grabbed the man by his robes at his neck, catching some of his long beard as well. "If I put this sword through your neck, you won't be able to speak any words, let alone the word of your god. Your religion may have been forced upon you, but it will not be forced on me. I will kill any man who stands in the way of my freedom. Man is free to do as he wishes so long as he does not harm another in the process. Freedoms do have their limits, and sometimes it's difficult to determine the right thing to do, but right now I cast all of that aside. If you say one more word, I will run this blade through you and send you to whatever god you wish."
The man's eyes had lost their fire. His hands clung to the heavily muscled arm that held him. Rommus gripped him even tighter, just to see what the man would do. He panicked but said nothing, obviously fearing for his life. His companion stood helplessly behind him, not knowing what to do. After staring into the man's eyes for a moment, he threw him flailing and stumbling to the misty forest floor.
They watched as the frightened men ran as fast as they could down the winding road. Rommus shook his head as he watched them, his anger still boiling deep within him. His jaw ached from being so tightly clenched. His muscles remained as hard as those on a statue for quite some time before he calmed down.
"I can't believe that," Alana said, shaking her head. "I can't believe that they actually put it that way. They have never said anything like that before; at least no one has ever told me anything like that. The Bhoors have always acted so peaceful and friendly."
Vohl sheathed his sword and straightened his cape. "The thing I can't believe is the fact that somehow that all makes sense to them in their sick society. It's like rational thought is their true enemy. Somehow they truly believe that murdering for the spread of their religion is justified. Isn't it funny that the people furthest from success seem to think they are closer to their god?"
Rommus found himself still staring down the dark road, breathing heavily in anger. "It's no surprise to me at all. I already knew the dangers of those people. It's the foolish among us who need to experience all angles in order to gain wisdom. The truly wise can see the ends before they come. I may not be the wisest man, but I am no fool. I don't need to experience their infiltration of my culture before I realize that they are a threat. I refuse to accept them and now you both see why.
"There are some who would call that blind hatred; hating without experiencing the truth first. But blind tolerance is more dangerous than blind hatred. Hatred can be controlled; tolerance cannot. Tolerance is the path that evil men take to destroy you. It is no virtue, it is a disease."
They both stared at him as he continued to watch the road. His anger never cooled, and he had to find a way to shut it away inside himself before he could bring himself to do anything but stand there in a fiery rage. Finally he put his sword back in his scabbard and turned to his friends standing by the fire.
"Are you angry with me?" he asked.
"Of course not Master Rommus. I would have done the same thing if you hadn't grabbed him first."
"And you?" he asked as he looked into Alana's eyes.
"No I'm not angry Rommus. I am just a little confused that's all. Taking such a stand against people who I thought were peaceful just feels strange to me."
"Do you see it now? Were the Medorans so wrong to keep the Bhoors out of Medora? Were we so backwards and evil and unfair? You know there is an army larger than any ever assembled waiting over there, and you now know what these people want. They want you to join them or die. This nation has greeted them with open arms and look at what has happened. Now Medora--evil Medora¾must try to save it. The Bhoors are so deeply entrenched that I don't know if it can even be done."
Alana took a step toward him. "Rommus¾"
He jerked his arm away when she touched it. "Get the horses ready and put the fire out. I don't want to be here if they come back with a few hundred soldiers willing to murder and die for their god.



Chapter 28

"How long do you think it will take to get the army into the center of Vindyrion?" Andrew asked over the sounds of thundering hooves and supply wagons.
Tannis cocked his head and cracked his neck. "There are only plains in front of us now, so we will move swiftly. It has been a long time since I have been to your capital, but I think we can be there in 15 or 20 days. It's difficult to keep such a large force moving. It might take longer."
"What will we do General? What is your plan?" the man asked as he rode his horse next to Tannis under the overcast sky.
"There is no plan Andrew. There is never a plan. That's something that men misunderstand. Military strategy is not found on paper or carved in stone. Strategy is fluid. It moves like water or fire."
Andrew looked shocked. "How can you have no plan? You march with countless thousands of men behind you, and you do not make preparations?"
"Of course we make preparations. Do not take me for a fool, Vindyri. You simply do not grasp the complications of war. Does it make sense to you to walk into battle with a detailed plan on exactly where and when to swing your sword? Do you think that a man who does that has a chance in battle?"
"Well no, I guess he would have to determine that on the field."
"Exactly. He has no chance unless he makes his decisions based on the situation as it is presented to him. Since I am in charge of the entire army, and not just a single sword, I must apply this on a larger scale. I cannot tell where to send troops or how to attack until I see the battle myself."
"But doesn't that allow the Bhoors a chance to take advantage of you while you are thinking of a plan?"
"No. The fact is that the Bhoors are in the same position we are. The Zidaoz probably does not know we are coming yet. By keeping mostly to the paved roads, we do not kick up giant dust clouds to alert him of our presence. If he does know that our Legions move, he cannot know what we will do until he sees us do it. For the time being, all things are equal between us."
Andrew repositioned himself in his saddle in a futile attempt to get more comfortable. "Well isn't it a mistake to reveal your tactics to me or anyone else?"
Tannis turned to him and stared down with his fiery gaze. "I make no mistake, Ambassador. Firstly, I did not reveal any tactics, I merely defined strategy. A tactic is something used in one's strategy; the means that lead to the ends. The strategy is the fluid, ever-changing plan.
"Secondly, one cannot learn strategy from words or books. It is something that very few men can comprehend. It is knowing your enemy and being able to correctly determine his intentions. It is gauging his intelligence and will, and fooling him so that he cannot gauge yours. There is no danger in anyone knowing this, for all men who lead others have this information burned into their soul."
Andrew paused a while in thought. "But what if the Bhoors are preparing the field for our arrival? What if there are traps set?"
"There is an advantage to choosing the place of battle, and yes, preparations can be made ahead of time. But remember that we came at once and we are moving as fast as we can. It is nearly impossible for the Bhoors to know that we are on our way, and they would not think to place traps for an army that they do not know is coming.
"But if they are aware of us, then they are also aware that we assume there might be traps set. Knowing this, we may attack from another angle, or wait at a distance until they are forced to come to us. We might try to surround them or make it appear as if they are surrounded. We might force them to do something foolish and show us a weakness before we ever set foot near a trap. It is all part of strategy and there is no way to know for sure what your enemy will do until he does it. The General that guesses best is the one who wins the war."
"So you are saying that war is little more than a guessing game?"
"Perhaps I should have used another word. Nothing is done at random. A General never decides on a tactic based on his feelings or a passing thought. If your enemy appears to have made a random decision, it is most likely him trying to fool you into thinking he is less intelligent than he really is. It is foolish to believe that a fool is in charge."
"I think I understand the concept General. It is not very different from my dealings in the world of politics."
"Oh but it is far more complex Ambassador. It's true that the basic rules of strategy can apply to any subject, but war encompasses all subjects. Many would have you believe that my mind is focused only on war, but in reality, I have simply come to understand that war is everything."
Andrew smiled at the comment. "Well General, you certainly do a terrific job of making it sound like you are not obsessed with war."
"You misunderstand me. Politics are a part of war, but war is not necessarily part of politics. Economics and psychological forces are involved in war, and yet those things may also stand on their own. Even love is a part of war. These men march to Vindyrion to protect the nation and the people they love. There are women and children back there that already miss these men. There is no subject that is unaffected by war. No other topic is so enmeshed in human nature, and yet we have learned to be appalled by it. I do not enjoy war or killing, but I do understand that it is necessary."
Andrew's shoulders swayed with the stride of his horse. "I agree with that General Tirinius, but only if it is in self-defense."
"You are a greater fool than I took you for Ambassador. The Vindyri are dying at the hands of the Bhoors because they believe that nonsense. War is how you got every freedom you ever had. War is what secures and preserves the peace. Freedom is not natural; it must be constructed carefully and maintained. You cannot defend yourself from attack after your enemy has already struck you. You must ensure that you are in a position where he is unable to strike in the first place."
"What do you mean peace is not natural? It's the way things are meant to be. How can you possibly say that war is natural and peace is not?"
"It is simple Ambassador. Look at animals or children. Do they think about what it means to take something that does not belong to them? No. They are interested in doing the things that benefit them, not others. The entire world works that way. It's survival of the fittest. The wolf does not care about what is fair; he cares only to fill his belly. We must not be rabbits when there are wolves in the mists.
"But as we grow older and find our place in a civilized society, we learn that the way of the wolf does not exactly suit us either. To be truly civilized, we must examine what our civilization deems appropriate. These things will differ from culture to culture, but when these differences clash, we must settle them with some sort of conflict. We can only hope to win these conflicts and secure the safety of our value system. In order to protect this value system, we must be willing to fight for it. We must always be ready to kill an enemy who wishes to destroy it."
"Well I believe that war is an evil thing that men do. There are more civilized ways to solve conflicts, General. I am quite offended that you take me for a fool when all I desire is peace."
Tannis rubbed a finger over the scar above his eye. "We all desire peace, Andrew. Don't be fooled into thinking that we are evil men. It is true that there are less violent ways to settle things, but you must understand that while you are preaching to your enemy about how fair you are, he will most likely run you through with his sword. I have always said that the more civilized war becomes, the more uncivilized the tactics will become."
"You're saying that two leaders can't settle things without going to war?"
"No, that's not what I am saying. I am saying that you cannot trust your enemy to be as peaceful as you are. If you play the role of the rabbit, he will play the wolf. It's the nature of things and it will never change."
"Well perhaps it all comes down to absolute power. It is power that corrupts men and makes them harm others."
"No Andrew. Absolute power is not what corrupts; it is weakness of will that causes corruption. A strong leader who understands power does not do damage to the world, but enhances it, even if he must go to war to do so."
"Lord Tirinius!" a scout yelled as he galloped up behind them. "I bring news."
"What is it scout?"
"There was an incident with a rebel band of Vindyri. They attacked the hunting party and killed seven of our men."
Tannis shook his head in disbelief. "How many were there and where did they attack from?"
"We counted 30 bodies when it was all over. They attacked from the rear. The hunting party wanted to restock some rations before we advanced too far into the plains, so they headed westward in hopes of finding more game."
"Did any Vindyri escape?"
"I'm sorry Lord Tirinius, but I don't know. I asked the men if any had escaped, but they were unsure."
Tannis took in a deep breath. "You're dismissed soldier."
After the man saluted and rode off, Andrew cleared his throat. "What does that mean General? Why do the Vindyri attack you?"
"It was certainly a mistake to do so. We have always had to deal with Vindyri rebels who are not interested in peace with Medora, but this was a stupid move. They attacked only after we passed them, so they know that five full Legions head this way. They must have known that attacking us meant certain death."
"Well then why risk it? I don't understand."
"There are two possible reasons. The first is that they are being used to distract us, and the second is that some hot-headed rebel leader sent them to attack us where he thought we were weak. Being that I understand strategy, I can determine that the latter is most likely the case. Wasting 30 men for no reason at all is not the work of a true leader; it's the work of a fool, and therefore I am not at all concerned about the attack having any serious meaning behind it. The hunting party alone was more than triple their number, let alone the troops that protected them and others who were responsible for transporting the meats back to the army. I am amazed that they were able to kill seven Medorans."
Andrew rubbed one of his temples. "But why on earth would Vindyri attack you when you are coming to their aid?"
"Like I said, some Vindyri are not interested in peace with Medora. However you must also consider that the Vindyri army does not know that we are coming to their aid. You were the only messenger that would have known that, and you have not told the King our plan yet. It's likely that the Vindyri soldiers we killed were simply trying to defend their nation against people who they thought were their enemies."
Andrew was suddenly shocked. "What a horrible fate for those men! How awful that they should die so needlessly."
"I agree that the loss of life is sad, but how can they possibly justify attacking us when 400,000 men just marched past them? It was certain death and they must have known it. You cannot blame the Medorans for protecting ourselves."
"No, I do not. I know that you and I have discussed our different opinions on things, but I know that you have our best interest at heart. It makes me sad to think of those 30 men and the families that will never see them again, but if the Medorans do not ride to war to help us, the Bhoors will destroy us."
"Ah then you do understand the need for war. Perhaps you are smarter than I thought."
A gust of wind caught Andrew's long hair. "Honestly, I don't know what to think anymore. Everything has become so complicated lately and it seems like the more I focus on one thing, the worse everything else gets while I am looking the other way. It's like trying to plug holes in a boat while other leaks keep springing up."
Tannis nodded his head as he looked at the road ahead of him. "Life can be like that. There was no guarantee that things would get easier as we got older. All we can do is work together to plug all the holes we can, and hope our children don't sink after we are gone."
"Is there any hope of a time when there is only peace? Is there a chance that one day we can all learn to live together in some kind of harmony?
"No, there is no hope for that. The moment that men decide to be peaceful is the moment that someone seizes the opportunity to do harm to those who have given up violence. I'm sorry Andrew, but war is eternal. This cycle will never end."
The gray light of the day seemed to deepen and darken as they marched across the plains. Soon there would be nothing to see in the empty lands between the populated cities of Medora and Vindyrion. It would not be so desolate for long though, for after they crossed the River Eloria the world would come to life again in all its beauty. That beauty might be dimmed, however, if the irritating clouds and mist did not flee from the bright rays of the sun before they got there. Tannis hoped that those clouds would move past them and not trouble them with rain. Although the army could move in wet weather, it was not pleasant and the soldiers' spirits would be as dampened as their boots.
Another concern that weighed more heavily on Tannis was the time of year. There was still another three months or so before the snows of winter fell, but there was no telling how long they would be at war. Being that the Bhoors had assembled such a large army, he couldn't see the conflict ending so quickly. For most of the winter they would need to avoid fighting when they could, but they could not risk returning to Medora and leaving the Bhoors free to march right up to the Medoran border. The Legions could be prepared with sharp weapons and well-trained soldiers, but lack of food and bitter cold temperatures were things that were difficult to remedy.
"There is a crossroads ahead General," Andrew said. "This road stays much the same, but the road towards Burnhamheade narrows some. It will slow your Legions if you take the narrower road, however if we remain on this road, we will stay to the south of Burnhamheade. It would be faster to stay off the roads and march across country."
"No it wouldn't Ambassador. We have heavy supply wagons to deal with. We also take less risk to the horses if we keep them on flat land. And I have already told you that we do not want to kick up dust clouds by leaving the road. We will take the road to Burnhamheade and I will decide where to go once we get close enough to the capital."
"Allow me to test my knowledge of strategy if you would General. If these clouds brought us rain, couldn't we leave the roads? Wouldn't the rain keep the dust down?"
"Well at least you are trying to use your head to understand the world around you. Unfortunately if you were to march an army across a wet, muddy plain, you'd probably get your wagons stuck. Aside from that, the wet weather might only last an hour. What do you do three hours later when the sun has dried the ground again?"
 Andrew laughed at himself. "I suppose I would pray to the gods that a General smarter than me comes to my rescue. I'm thankful that I don't have to deal with these things. Life is complicated enough as it is."
Tannis stared off to the north, barely aware of Andrew's answer. He felt an odd feeling and it seemed as if his horse could sense it and mirrored the uneasiness he felt. The mighty animal tensed and bucked slightly, changing the rhythm of his hoof beats. Tannis was beginning to think that there was something more to this story and it was frustrating him that he could not comprehend it. There seemed to be some hidden network of forces at play, and he thought he might be losing his mind every time he considered the idea.
"What is it General? What do you see?" Andrew asked him quietly.
"I see nothing out of the ordinary Ambassador. It's just that I have been having strange dreams lately, and the scene I see now was one I saw in them. To see such a familiar sight makes my soul dizzy, if that makes sense."
"Perhaps you are just dreaming of when you had been here last."
"You don't understand. I don't dream. Until a few weeks ago, I had never had a dream in my entire life. I was always confused when people told me about them. It was hard to understand such a thing when I had never experienced it. But even still, I know that there is something strange about these dreams. It's as if fate or the gods whisper to me."



Chapter 29

Five days had passed since Piro Tecadelion's funeral. The Empire was filled with a heavy sadness for the loss of their beloved Emperor. Even people who had never met him wept in the streets, grown men unashamed to show their grief for a man they truly admired. His funeral was a grand one, and every Medoran would recall the day for the rest of their lives. The mourners had all come dressed in white, and stood silently during the entire ceremony. When Piro's body was finally laid inside the cold stone building and sealed away from the world of the living, the streets erupted with contagious weeping.
Uritus yawned as he thought back on it. He was tired of feigning sadness and was ready to move on. The Emperor's Hall was full of petty people and servants who absolutely dripped with annoying condolences that filled his ears with aggravating echoes of pity. He was finding it hard to find places where he could meet with people without the bland repetitions of these people ringing in the hallways around him. Finally he was able to sneak away from the people and the Elite Guard for a while and meet with Battus Gredda in one of the formal dining rooms. He ate as they spoke.
"What is the next move Uritus?"
He finished chewing the roast duck before he answered. "Well, everything is in place and going according to plan so far, but I am not sure what I will do next. I have considered faking my own death, but I don't know if that's the best idea."
"I don't understand how that would help us anyway."
"It would harm us as much as help us. The reason I considered it is because everyone in Medora knows that my younger brother would make a terrible Emperor, and they would be more comfortable with the idea of letting the Mages take control of the Empire. The reason against it is that the people might think that the Mages killed my father and me in order to seize control. They would not trust the Mages."
"Well, Emperor," Battus said with a grin, "the Mages really are the ones behind the plot. You can't blame the people for being wise."
"I know that. But I can blame myself for failing strategically. Right now we need the people calm and easily influenced. I also need you to keep the Earth and Moon Legions busy. Have them searching for assassins or something; I don't care what it is. There is a major change that needs to take place and it has to be timed perfectly. I want the control of this Empire in the hands of the Mages just as the other five Legions are slaughtered in Vindyrion. When news gets back to the people that the army has been annihilated, they will be more open to such change."
"I understand. And you were thinking that the people won't accept this change as long as you are alive and functioning as Emperor."
"Right. That's the complication that is bothering me. I need to be able to hand the reigns to the Mages and I can't do that without it being suspicious. If I fake my own death, they will not trust the Mages. If I grant them power while I am alive, they will not trust me."
Battus bit his knuckle as he looked down at the table. "Yes that makes sense. I must admit that I am still concerned about the loss of those five Legions. Regardless of who our allies are, we will be greatly weakened and vulnerable for attack."
"I would not worry too much about being attacked Battus. Remember that we have Inshae on our side. No other god has stepped in and done anything, and as far as I can tell, they are either ignorant or indifferent to all these matters. I also have strengthened my power significantly. Even if the whole world turned against us, I am fairly confident that we could defend ourselves."
"But why risk it? I still don't understand why you are willing to let all those men die out there."
"It's all part of the plan Battus. It will cause a commotion here at home. People will be very afraid, and they will want an answer to solve the problem. The Mages are that answer. Aside from that, I can do little to remove power from the Nobles. I can't simply have them all killed, and I can't just tell the people that the Nobles are no longer allowed to represent them. It will cause an uprising, and we cannot handle that, especially in our weakened state.
"The Medoran system needs a total change. We can't have the Nobles in our way, and the best way to remove them is to make the people not trust them. It will be obvious to them very soon that things are falling apart. At the precise moment that happens, the Mages will step in and assume control. Once we have that control, we will rebuild Medora the way it should have been built in the first place. It will be a land of fairness to all, no matter who they are. We will then build our power and take over the rest of the world."
Battus leaned back in his chair and rested his chin in his hand. "Your scheme seems a little too grand, don't you think? Taking over the world is asking for too much."
"Not at all Battus. There is no sense doing anything if you do not intend to take it all the way. You're forgetting that the Vindyri and the Bhoors already share many of the beliefs I hold. They know the way of equality among all is the only just and fair way; even if their systems are not exactly perfect. Regardless of our differences, we all understand that no man should be allowed to stand above the rest. Each man must be raised up and made great with him.
"In addition to that, I remind you again that we have a god on our side, and I possess his sacred robes. We are stronger than any other nation, and those nations will soon be aware of that fact. They will accept me as their ruler in time, and if not, I will simply persist. I am immortal so long as I wear the robes, so their attempts to resist me are futile. I cannot lose. Once we hand the rule over to the Mages, I don't see why I'd ever take the robes off."
"Except maybe for that Mirra Odera of yours," Battus said with a crooked grin.
Uritus sighed and drummed his fingers on the table. "Yes, she is another complication. She is a perfect candidate for the wife of the Emperor, but I don't think she'd be very interested if she was asked to be the wife of the Red Master Mage. She is attracted to power though, so perhaps it won't matter either way."
Battus cleared his throat. "I think you are too involved with that girl Uritus. She is not part of the plan."
A flash of anger came to his eyes but he controlled himself. "I decide what the plan is Battus. I am your Emperor and the Red Master Mage. She will be in my life and that is all there is to it. She does not stand in the way of the plan in any way."
"Forgive me, Red Master," he said, bowing his head.
"For now we must focus on taking power away from the Nobles. The people are far too stupid to be allowed to have any legitimate representation in the Empire. They simply do not know what is best for them, so we must provide them with a system where they have no control. It will not be accepted at first, so we must implement these new ideas slowly. They will eventually come to the realization that this new system is best for mankind. They will let go of the old ways just like a snake shedding its old skin."
"I'm still confused on what to do about the Nobles, Red Master," Battus said as he scratched his head.
"We will spread lies about them. We will force them to demand more money from the people. We will constantly remind the people that the Nobles cling to the old ways and are only interested in helping the wealthy. If any of them cause enough trouble, we will kill them and tell everyone that rebel Vindyri were responsible. But these are only tricks to soften the people. Once the five Legions are destroyed, the Mages will easily take control and the Nobles can all be killed."
"Forgive me, Red Master, but aren't there more successful Medorans than needy ones? Won't it be difficult for the people to feel sympathy for the poor and disdain for the rich when most of them are thriving?"
"Wealth is not the definition of success. Equality is success. They will come to see that in time. Until they do, we will pull at their heartstrings and make them feel guilty. We will parade the poor people in front of them and show them what inequality has done to Medora. We will constantly show them how terrible it is to have success while others suffer. We will show them how easy and proper it is to help the needy. Then, when we are all on the same level, we will advance to the greatest level of civilization. We will all become one, and as one we shall bring our light to the rest of the world; from this land to Bhoor-Rahn and beyond!"
Battus said nothing as Uritus resumed his meal.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


"How many of these things are there?" Zidaoz asked.
"There are seven. Each of them is under control now."
"How big did you say they were?"
"They are about three times the size of a man. But it's not their size that is their greatest asset; it's the magic inside them."
Zidaoz straightened his beard and scratched his cheek as he walked. "You're positive that they are no threat to us?"
The man stopped. "Of course I am sure. How can you doubt me after all I have shown you?"
"I wouldn't call it a doubt, my friend, I just like to be sure of my safety. Where are they?"
 "We moved six of them from the south side of the camp to the north side this morning. Tomorrow we will take them farther north towards the main encampment near Burnhamheade. It will probably take two days to get there."
"So where is the seventh?"
The man smiled, showing his straight white teeth. "Just beyond this hill. We wanted to show you one before we took them to Burnhamheade. I must warn you though, the smell is quite bad."
The Zidaoz sniffed at the air, hoping to get a whiff of this smell before they got there. He was eager to see this thing, but nervous at the same time. The Dirujen had proven to be a valuable ally, but he was still being cautious; especially in this situation. His thoughts were interrupted as a horrible smell hit him like a hammer.
"You're right, it's awful," he said as he covered his nose. "Why do they smell like that? It smells like rotting meat."
"No one is sure of the reason for the smell," the man said as they cleared the top of the hill.
The sight hit the Zidaoz with the same impact the smell did. His jaw open and shut several times but words would not form in his mouth. At the bottom of the hill stood a thing that did not seem real. Several Dirujen stood around it as it calmly swayed back and forth. It towered over them, and made even the nearby trees seem small. It was shaped somewhat like a man, but its limbs were longer in comparison. Its arms nearly touched the ground, but that was partly because of its hunched-over posture. They approached it from the rear, and he could see that sharp, armor-like bone jutted through the gray skin in places. Its vertebrae formed a jagged line of exposed bone all the way down its back, while its knees and elbows and other areas had bone that looked more like plates of armor.
The Zidaoz suddenly felt very afraid. "Is it safe? Can it harm us?"
"No Zidaoz. We have it under our control. It can do nothing but stand there, even if we all walk away from it. You need not worry."
Reluctantly he approached the beast. When they finally came into its field of vision, the ground shook from the low growl that came from the beast's throat. Its long fingers seemed more like claws than digits, and the beast snapped their tips together several times rapidly, causing frightful clicking sound.
"Do not be afraid of the clicking Zidaoz. It makes that sound when it is frustrated. It cannot harm you."
He slowly raised his head to see the rest of the creature. Its head was large, and hung forward in front of its frame; unlike a human's head which sat above the shoulders. The jaws snapped loudly several times in succession, causing thick saliva to seep between its long razor-sharp teeth and drip in long, messy strands to the ground. But the most terrifying thing, what caught his soul in a trap that made him unable to move, were the eyes. They were rather small and sunk deep in the head, causing the area around them to be dark and shadowed. Where he thought there should be color, like the brown or blue or green of a human eye, he saw only white, but an odd white that shined like the eyes of a wild animal in the dark. It looked at him with those soulless, piercing eyes and filled him with horror. He found himself on the ground, but he could not remember falling there.
The Dirujen helped him to his feet. "I assure you Zidaoz, you are safe. It would have attacked you if it could have. It is just not used to your presence. It will learn to ignore you in time. This one is a male, but the rest are female. The females are a little larger and they have black markings on the back. Right now we are focusing most of our attention on training the male. The females will follow and learn from the male."
The Zidaoz found it hard to speak in the vicinity of the creature. "What is it called again?"
"We call this beast a Thrahk. Its true weapon is its magic. When it is angry, an opening appears in its chest and a beam of energy is thrown from it. Anything that this beam touches is destroyed. It will boil metal, and cook the meat off of the bone before turning the bone to dust. These Thrahks will make your army more powerful than you ever imagined."
"Can it speak? Does it communicate?"
The Dirujen laughed a short laugh. "No. It does not speak like we do, but it can communicate to other Thrahks just like wolves or birds can communicate with each other. They use the clicking sounds you heard, along with other clicks it can make in its throat. In fact, in our language, Thrahk means 'click'. We are able to speak to it in a way, but it's not at all like you are thinking. We converse more on the level of feelings than anything else. We have been working with them and teaching them what we want them to do. For instance, we don't want them to attack this army, so we are trying to teach them that they are supposed to attack people who face them, and not the ones who stand next to them. It is difficult to show them this, but we are working on it."
The Zidaoz still felt the cold fear inside him as he stared at the creature's horrible, empty eyes. Its smell filled his nostrils and burned his lungs, making him cough. "I do not want to be near this thing any longer. Come Lohken; let us get to fresher air."
Lohken put his hands behind his back and bowed his head slightly. They both walked a while through the camp until they came back to the Zidaoz's travel tent. Inside there was still wet blood on the ground from the children he had slain earlier in the day. The odd metallic smell of blood hung heavy in the air, but he welcomed it as a pleasant change from the vile smell of the Thrahk. He sat down on a lavish pile of pillows and held out his hand to offer Lohken a seat in front of him.
Lohken sat on the ground and tossed his long hair over his shoulders. "What shall we do next Zidaoz?"
"I think it is important for some of the Dirujen to continue looking for animals that we can use in battle, but it is time for the rest of us to move northward. Within the next few days, this detachment must merge with the greater army outside of the Vindyri capital. We must get the majority of the killing done long before winter comes. This army cannot support itself for very long, and soon the animals and vegetation will run out. Our army is a very heavy hammer, and it takes time to swing it. We must hit the enemy hard and be on our way home as soon as possible."
"Yes of course. I believe the Thrahks are nearly ready to serve us properly. They will be ready for battle as soon as the army is."
"I hope so. We cannot have those things turning on our men. They will be frightened enough just to see them, let alone if one starts killing people on our side. We must also find a way to hide them. We cannot afford to have any enemy scouts see them and report it back to their leaders. They must be kept a secret."
"We can keep them in large tents while we are not moving, but I'm afraid that they will be easily spotted as we move them. They are simply too tall to hide and there is no way to move them other than making them walk."
"Then we must move them swiftly and at night. Perhaps we cannot move this army at night, but we can certainly move a small group of Dirujen and Thrahks in darkness. Take your men and these beasts and go ahead of the rest of us. It will be difficult for any scout to detect you."
Lohken nodded for his response. He could see that this particular Dirujen was more intelligent than the rest of them, and he understood why the man had become their leader. He was strong-willed and dedicated to advancing his cause. While he lacked the religious motivation necessary to be equal to the Bhoors, his ideals certainly meshed well with the people of Bhoor-Rahn, and so in some respects, the Zidaoz considered him an equal. Of course, without accepting Rohni, the Dirujen were cursed and would be punished for such a great sin. They had all respectfully refused to hear the word of god, but they were too important to discard for their lack of belief. He would use them in this war, and then he would see to it that Rohni knew to punish them for their sin. Until then, he smiled at the faces of the faithless.
He smiled at him even as he sat before him. "Will we be able to use these Thrahks for a long period of time? I have more work for them to do if their service lasts longer than this war does."
Lohken picked at some lint that clung to the sleeve of his fine jacket. "Yes of course. As long as we feed them and keep them alive, they are in our service until we set them free or kill them. That is the case with all souls under our control."
"Good. I do not wish to stop after this battle in Vindyrion. The whole world must bow to Rohni." He caught himself and added more: "The whole world with the exception of the Dirujen of course."
Lohken said nothing as he stared into his eyes.



Chapter 30

"Well?" Alana asked.
"Well what? You mean does it look like it did in the dreams? Of course it does. I can't believe you still bother to ask me that."
"Just how often do you have these dreams Master Rommus?"
Rommus scratched his head. "Not quite every night, but close to it."
"So five or six since we were in Burnhamheade?"
"I don't know. I stopped counting them a while ago. I figure that what's really important must be here in the real world, and the dreams are kind of like signs directing me. I just try to find the things I see in them and see what happens when I do."
The town of Reyth was not spectacular in any way. While Burnhamheade was a marvelous sight to behold, Reyth, like many other Vindyri towns, was dull and dirty. It looked more like an arrangement of stables and cabins than legitimate settlement, and barely qualified as a town at all. There were no large buildings, and only one that was made of stone. That was a temple devoted to all the gods, but even it looked like it was crafted by amateurs. The rest of the buildings were made from wood, but it was wood that was splintered and decayed, with no adornments whatsoever.
Most of the roads this far north in Vindyrion were not paved, and even the streets beneath them were nothing but dirt. They were a little muddy from the rain the night before, but they seemed fairly solid. The horses didn't seem to care what they walked on as long as they were fed regularly and had cool water to drink. Rommus pet the neck of the animal beneath him as he thought about how much the horse had helped them in their journey. Alana rode with Vohl, giving Rommus's horse a break from the extra weight.
While the town itself was lackluster, the view around them was absolutely astonishing. To the north, east and west they could see the jagged, snow-topped mountains rising up at the horizon, hiding the clouds as they slowly slid by. To the south they could see far across the land; almost to the southern wall. The air was cooler at this altitude, and Rommus breathed it in eagerly. It was a refreshing change from the muggy heat they had experienced on the way there.
"Up there," Rommus pointed, "that's where I saw the false sunset. Of course it's too early in the day, but I know the sun doesn't set there. It's sets over there in the west."
Vohl looked off to the northern horizon. "Master Rommus, that's in the direction of the Land of the Gods. Are you aware of that?"
"Yes I'm aware of it. I don't think it means anything though. My beliefs about the gods have not changed, even if you say you have seen them. As far as I know, you might have simply thought they were gods when they were nothing more than clever humans playing a trick."
Vohl laughed. "If you ever meet them, you will not think it is simply a trick, Master Rommus. You will know in your heart that what you see is real. Tell me, if you do not find what you are looking for here in Reyth, will you go to this false sunset?"
"Yes I'm curious about that too Rommus," Alana added.
 He ran his fingers through his hair. "I don't see how I can avoid it. It's odd but I feel a stronger pull over there to the southwest. That feeling I have been having recently is getting stronger, but I still think we should go north. I really see nothing here that is catching my attention, so it only makes sense to see what's beyond those mountains. I didn't come all this way just to turn around now."
"Then we will all go to the Land of the Gods together," Vohl said. "If nothing else, you can at least say you saw the ruins of the Columns of Inshae. Your father will be proud of that I think."
He smiled. "It takes a little more to make him proud, but he'll enjoy the story anyway. I am actually curious to see them with my own eyes."
"Well the ruins are not far from here. We need only travel down this mountain and follow that valley. There is only one river to cross."
"And I assume we'll have to pay to cross the bridge like we did at the River Eloria?" he asked Alana.
"Well yes, we have to pay to cross any bridge here."
"Why is that?" Vohl asked her. "I was wondering what that was about."
"Because the King collects money from the people in many ways in order to redistribute it to the people who need it."
"So he makes people pay to cross a river?" Vohl asked. "The bridge is already built. It does not cost him anything to maintain it. Don't you find it a little unfair to be charged for that?"
Alana cleared her throat. "Well, I don't like that I have to pay, but it's for the good of the kingdom. There are needy people who benefit from all the taxes."
Rommus looked at the dirty, bland town surrounding them. "And are these people paying the taxes or receiving them? How can you tell who is poor and who is wealthy here?"
She lowered her eyebrows at him. "I'm afraid I am not getting your point Rommus."
"My point is, I understand the need for taxes; our leaders can't do things without money. They can't provide us with protection or paved roads and things like that. However, when I look around and see that everyone here looks like they are struggling, I have to wonder how well your King's system works.
"Ever since we got here we have been losing money faster than I can hand it to the next collector. We have been heavily taxed for everything we have bought, and even for services we didn't need. How can your King take so much and provide so little?"
"We have paved roads and protection here just like you have in Medora, Rommus."
"I see dirt roads. And I have not seen a Vindyri soldier since the ones we killed when we got these horses; not one piece of their black armor. What I am trying to say is I don't believe in your system. You cannot punish the productive and reward the nonproductive. The wealthy, productive people will soon lose interest in making money if they cannot keep it, and the lazy will not become productive if you give them money for doing nothing."
She looked a little annoyed. "Are you saying that we have no business helping people?"
"No, of course not. Like I said, the rulers need money. It's important to understand that we are not free and safe without a nation to live in. It's also noble to want to help people. It is your right to help whoever you choose in whatever way you choose, however, it is wrong for this to be demanded of you. You should never be forced to pay to help people. When people realize that they are responsible for their own success, that no one is going to hand them food or money, they will find a way to make things work. That drive can be found in just about every Medoran, and we are all successful and productive. If you take away that drive, the people become little more than greedy children, always clawing for more free things. They feel they are entitled to things that they did not earn, and that the people who actually earned them have no right to them at all."
"Rommus I am shocked. I thought that you were more caring than that," Alana said.
 "I'm a little shocked, Alana, that you think I am uncaring because of that. It should be obvious to you that I want everyone to succeed, and to do that they need to have a chance for success. The way of this nation does not allow for that, and these dirt roads and dilapidated buildings prove it. The only nice place I have seen here is Burnhamheade, and that is where your King lives."
"I am not shocked at all Master Rommus," Vohl said proudly. "You have just described the reasons I left my people. Our leaders were doing much the same thing, forcing us all to the same level. No matter how hard someone worked, he could not make more money than anyone else. This made people stop and wonder why they should work hard when they could just be lazy and collect the same pay. I don't see your views as heartless at all.
"But we are all influenced by our cultures. I understand what Alana means. She has grown up in a land where this is normal, and so it seems right to her. You grew up in another place, and you believe different things. I have lived long enough to see many ways come to pass, and I believe that the way of the Medorans is the better way."
"I don't think it's all culture," Rommus said. "To think that we are all just part of the group means that there is no importance for the individual. You can disagree with things in your culture, and that means that you have a mind of your own and you can use reason to come to your conclusions. I am unimpressed when I hear people preaching about the way things should be when I can tell that they are just reciting things they have heard in the past. It's important to think for yourself."
"Well that much I agree with," Alana said. "I don't think anyone wants other people to think for them."
Vohl turned his head around to Alana behind him. "I think you'd be surprised at the number of people who are willing give up that burden Alana."


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


After paying the toll at the bridge they made their way north between the imposing mountains on either side of them. The massive cliffs rose higher and higher until they were so high that it seemed impossible for them to stand. Rommus felt dizzy looking up at them as he tried to make out where the mountaintops ended and sky began. With the hazy clouds obscuring the peaks, he just couldn't tell.
Vohl had said that he thought the Columns of Inshae were a long way from where they were, so they decided to set up camp a little earlier than usual so that they could get an early start the next day. The sun had not even slid behind the western peaks before they had started a fire and fed themselves. They were all exhausted so they knew they would sleep well.
Rommus lay on his side, one hand supporting his head, the other throwing pebbles in the fire. "When do you think we'll get there tomorrow Vohl?"
"Most likely before midday. It won't take us that long, but I thought it was a little late to attempt it this evening. Darkness would come before we arrived. Tomorrow the cliffs will close in tighter around us and most of the journey will be in the dark shadow of the mountains; even if the sun shines brightly."
"That sounds mysterious," Alana said as she smiled. "I can't wait to see the ruins. I can't believe I have lived here all this time and not come up here to see them. I just never really thought about it before."
"Well there are a lot of things that people miss out on because they never thought about it," Vohl said as he polished his sword in his lap.
Alana stared off as she leaned back and crossed her feet out in front of her. "Yeah I guess that's true. That kind of reminds me about when we were talking about culture earlier. I think I am just having a hard time seeing it a different way because I have never had to think about a different way."
"So have you come to a different conclusion? You must have had some sort of new light shine on it if you are bringing it up again," Vohl said.
"I can't say I have come to a different conclusion, but I think I just see things differently than you two do. I see things as gray, when you two see things as black and white. Rommus always speaks of truth, like finding the reality beneath it all. I am just not as willing to accept a permanent answer."
"You mean you are not willing to accept truth?" Rommus asked.
"Well, I'm sure there is truth out there somewhere, but I have never found any. Just like with your explanation for a round world, I just never came to that conclusion; I never needed to. But the way I see it, you might be wrong. How do I know that the world isn't some other shape, and your whole theory only seems right because I don't know any better? I have to allow some gray so that I can accept another theory when it comes along."
"But Alana, the way you choose to interpret reality does not change reality," Rommus said. "I am either right about the round world or I am wrong. There's your black and white."
"But Rommus, you don't see what I am saying. I just think with gray, not in true and false like you do. Some things can be argued. Not everything is simple."
"Yes everything is simple when you build your knowledge on a foundation of truth. You will never come to any truth if all you see is gray. You can't paint a painting with only gray paint and expect people to understand what you have painted. They will see only a bland, gray canvas. You need the black and white, the solid, firm things to interpret it, otherwise your painting--or your reality¾is just a mess that makes no sense."
"Well it makes sense to me. It allows me to be open to all possibilities instead of limiting myself."
Vohl flipped his sword over to polish the other side. "But Alana, that is little more than avoiding reality. There is no room for fantasy in truth. Rommus is right; you cannot change reality with your thoughts."
"Oh no? What about when you told us that man created the gods just by imagining them? Doesn't that mean that thoughts can change reality?"
Vohl was too stunned by her comment to answer, so Rommus did. "Not really. We don't know that that's true. Even if the gods are real, we have no way of knowing if that story is correct. We are forced to deal with things on a different level. That fire is hot. This rock is solid. These are real things that we can build our perceptions on. If there is some strange story about how the gods were created, we will deal with that reality when it is presented to us. If we find out that we were wrong in our beliefs, then we will go back and change things until our beliefs fit the reality. We can't simply assume that reality will magically conform to our beliefs. Thinking that will not make it true."
"Ah, and that is the problem with religion," Vohl said. "People are quick to bend reality to fit their beliefs instead of basing their beliefs on reality."
Rommus threw another pebble in the fire. "Yes, that has always been my point. It's ridiculous to argue about such a thing."
Alana leaned forward towards them "See what I mean Rommus? That's a gray area. Can't you see that things can be gray?"
"Yes I agree, but only when you are talking about things that you can't know. You can argue your opinions, but your opinions do not change the facts. No matter what you believe about religion--or anything¾it does not change the reality at the bottom of it all."
She sighed and crossed her arms over her knees. "You're hard to argue with Rommus. I see your point with this, but it's still hard to understand it all."
He playfully threw a pebble at her instead of the fire. "It's healthy for you to think about things in a different way. No one is telling you that your way of thinking is wrong, but it's good to consider things from different angles sometimes. But we don't have to discuss things like this if it bothers you."
"Oh no, it doesn't bother me. I like having conversations like this. It's just that sometimes it's hard to accept a new idea that's the opposite of my own, that's all. You present things in a way that makes it seem like they're so simple and right, but then I think about them a while and things get all hazy again."
"Well knowledge does not come to you overnight. You should consider all the things you have heard in your whole life and determine what you think is right. It might take a while though."
"Well how long did it take you?"
"What do you mean? I'm still learning."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


After a decent night's sleep, they were off to see the ruins of the Columns of Inshae. Rommus didn't want to think about how Vohl was on his way there with no intention of coming back. He hoped that they would get there and Vohl would see that the whole idea was silly, and they'd all leave together. While he understood the man's reasons, he didn't want him to die--at the hands of gods or man.
It was an eerie trek between the mountains leading to the temple. Vohl's description of walking in the shadow of the mountain did little to prepare them for the peculiar sight. The mountains were so colossal and close that no light came to the sandy path that weaved its way northward. It was like being in moonlight, or perhaps a solar eclipse, eliminating shadows and playing strange tricks with the eye. The strange blue darkness seemed to stir as they moved through it, the perfect peace disrupted as if they walked through some kind of invisible mist. There was something strange about it; it seemed mystical and unreal, and Rommus could not understand why more light did not shine on them.
"How much farther?" Alana asked with exaggerated annoyance. "My legs hurt. Why did we have to leave the horses back there?"
"We had to leave them because of that pile of loose stones," Vohl said as he turned to her. "If they tried to climb that pile, I'm almost certain they would have broken their legs."
"I remember the rocks. I almost broke my own legs on them. Are we almost there?"
"Yes, it won't be long. It's around one of these bends. You have to forgive me; I have not been here in a few thousand years. It's hard to remember."
"It feels like we have been walking for a thousand years," she said. "Let me have some of that water."
Rommus handed her a water skin. "I'm sure it will be worth the walk. Everyone who has seen the ruins talks about what an amazing experience it was. I think it will be worth the sore legs and sweat."
She wiped some water from her mouth after she drank. "I know. I'm just playing. It's been a nice walk in this shade really."
"Not for much longer," Vohl said as he pointed. "Look."
Around the bend in front of them came a dazzling light. It seemed to almost sing to them in all its brilliance, urging them to come closer. Rommus knew that it was only sunlight finally finding its way to the ground through a larger opening ahead of them, but it still seemed magical in a way. Perhaps it was just that he was used to walking in the odd darkness for so many hours.
Alana ran past them to see what was around the bend. He watched her stop and almost fall, bringing a hand to her heart as she did so. She was clearly struck by the sight she saw but made no sound. When Rommus and Vohl finally caught up with her, their breath caught in their throats.
"What is going on?" Rommus asked as he stared.
Vohl fought to find the right words. "I don't know. This is not what I expected at all."



Chapter 31

"I don't understand," Alana stammered. "This is not what people have described."
Rommus could not take his eyes from the sight. "No, it sure isn't. But this has to be it. That's the temple, isn't it Vohl?"
"That is indeed the Columns of Inshae, but it's nothing like I remember it. This is most confusing."
"I don't see any ruins at all," Alana said. "And I thought the bridge had fallen."
"That is not the bridge I remember either, Alana. The one I remember was the same color as the mountains; not white marble."
They slowly approached the bridge, skeptical of what their eyes were showing them. When they came to where the marble met the edge of the cliff, Rommus noticed that the marble was seamless, appearing to be carved from one enormous piece of the highly polished stone. It was impossible, and he knew it, but even though his mind told him that it could not be done, his eyes beheld it anyway. The bridge spanned an impossible distance, arching slightly in the center so that the other side could not be seen connecting to the far cliff. Elegant railings lined the sides, and perfectly polished gold accents adorned them. Their swirling scrollwork was more beautiful than anything he had ever seen.
"If this gold lines the entire bridge, it must be worth more than everything in Medora. How could this bridge have been built? It seems impossible to me that it is able to stand."
Vohl placed his hand on one of the massive railings. "It is hard to believe it, but it must have been built by the gods. I know it is difficult for you to see the truth in that, but there can be no other explanation. Man could not have done this, and if he could have, would not other men have come to steal the gold?"
"I have no idea. All I know is I see something that makes no sense. I can see that the veins in the marble are uninterrupted, like it is carved from a single piece of marble. I don't see how that is possible. Marble is terribly heavy, and that bridge would have to weigh more than an entire city."
Alana elbowed him in the ribs. "Maybe there really are gods over there on that side. Just look at that temple. Do you think man built that?"
The temple on the other side was so gigantic that it made him dizzy to look at it. "I have no idea. I can't tell from this far away, but it looks like a single column takes up more area than a whole temple does. I thought it was supposed to be carved from the mountains next to it. Why does it look like it's made of marble too?"
"I don't know Master Rommus. I assure you that this is not the way it looked when I was here last. I don't understand this at all. Should we cross the bridge?"
Rommus looked at the bright white temple in the distance, the sunlight reflecting off of the polished columns and shining in his eyes. "Yes, I think we should, but hold on a minute." He picked up a few nearby stones and threw them on the bridge.
"What are you doing?" Alana asked.
"I don't want this to be some kind of illusion. I don't want to step on this thing and end up falling down to the bottom of this chasm. I assume it's safe. Let's go; but be careful."
They walked out onto the bridge, but they clung to the rail at one side. Although it was probably a little safer in the center, they preferred to have something to hold on to. When Rommus looked over the edge, he saw clouds moving slowly far beneath him. When the mists finally parted, the sight made him freeze in panic. He saw the tiny glimmers of sunlight reflecting off the deep blue waves of water far beneath him. The water was so far below him that if he fell, he felt like it would take a week to reach it. They were so high above it that he could not hear it rushing beneath them. He fell to his knees.
"Rommus! What's wrong?" Alana said as she bent down and grabbed his arm to steady him.
"It's the water. I'm high above water."
"Yeah it's a little scary but it's ok. Just don't look down."
He felt the same feeling he felt after he found Mirra and Uritus together. "No, it's more than that. I dreamed this; ever since I was little. I can't cross this bridge."
"Yes you can Rommus. You just have to stand up and cross it. We'll help you if you have trouble."
"Yes Master Rommus, the bridge is solid. We are safe. Come, let me help you stand and we will all cross together."
He could barely feel them pull him to his feet. His mouth was too dry to form any words, so he remained silent. He didn't pull away from them out of fear of accidentally falling over the railing. They both held him from either side, dragging him along and making him walk with them. He closed his eyes to try to rid himself of the disorienting sickness he felt. He tried to imagine himself in a different place, and since he couldn't seem to hear anything, he was able to accomplish it. After what seemed like an eternity, they reached the other side.
He fell to the solid ground as soon as they let him go. He clawed at the sand and gathered a small pile, putting it in his pocket after he stood up. He knew the other two would think it was strange, but he didn't care. He was so thankful that he was no longer above the water that he almost worshipped the ground he stood on. If he made it back across the bridge, he would find a special place for that sand and cherish it forever as a symbol of his victory. He had overcome a great fear--even if he didn't do it willingly.
"What was that all about Rommus?" Alana asked with her arms crossed.
He hesitated a while as he thought of an answer. "I don't really know. I'm not afraid of heights; it's just being above water like that. I don't know what it is but it makes me freeze. I have had nightmares about it since I was a kid. There's no good reason for it."
"It's all right Master Rommus. We all have our little quirks. Neither of us holds it against you," Vohl said as he put a hand on his shoulder.
 "Thanks. I'm sorry you had to witness that. I didn't know that it would do that to me."
"It's okay Rommus," Alana said. "How do you feel now?"
"I'm fine. I don't feel sick anymore. But I do feel strange. That feeling I have been having--the one that feels like someone is watching me¾it's much stronger now. For some reason I feel it even more on this side of the bridge, although it's coming from over there on the other side somewhere. I know that doesn't make much sense."
Alana uncrossed her arms and let them fall to her sides. "No, but not a lot is making sense today, so it fits just perfectly."
They looked over at Vohl and noticed that he was staring up at the temple. They turned and stared as well, dizzy from the height of the massive structure. There was almost no doubt in any of their minds; no man could have built the temple. It was simply too large to be made by man. Rommus considered the fact that it was entirely possible that the gods did indeed create it.
He shook his head to clear his thoughts and his vision. "Come on; let's see what's inside this thing."
Alana quietly counted the 150 steps as they climbed to where the mighty pillars stood. It took a painfully long time to get through the building, and they were already tired from the seemingly endless stairs. The rear was open just like the front, so it was cool and shaded but not dark inside. They looked around but saw nothing but more of the giant columns holding up the stone roof. There was no altar, no treasure, no gods; nothing. While it was a little disappointing, it was beautiful, and the bright white marble temple was a treasure in itself. None of them had ever seen anything like it, and they thought that they probably never would again. The columns really were the size of temples, and the temple itself was nearly the size of the city of Brinn.
When they reached the rear of the building Rommus was amazed to see a city below them. At first it seemed as if his eyes deceived him; like some hazy summer vision, everything appeared to be green. As his eyes readjusted to the sunlight, he realized that the city really was a dull, muted green color; like copper statues kept outside. Rommus looked and saw countless green statues all over the city, but he was confused about why they were placed in some areas. They didn't seem to be set up in any kind of pattern at all, and some looked totally out of place. All of them were executed very well, but they all wore robes. It was a little monotonous as far as he was concerned, and a true artist would have attempted to show off his knowledge of the human body instead of covering it up.
They descended the 150 steps at the rear of the temple and finally reached the city itself. It was Alana who noticed that all the statues were positioned so that they were facing the temple, and it gave them all a very strange feeling. No matter where they stood, the statues seemed to be looking at them. It was also totally silent except for the faint breath of a breeze that moved through the strange city. No birds sang, no animals howled. There was nothing but oppressive silence.
Rommus felt something strange. As he passed a statue he saw something it its eyes. This was not a statue at all. He realized with a cold shock that they were all people standing quietly, watching them as they passed by. The breeze did not tug at their robes, and they moved only imperceptibly, but he knew they were real and not made of stone or metal.
"Those are people," he whispered. "Something is wrong though. I don't think they are real."
Alana suddenly went white with fear. "People?"
"Yes Alana, Rommus is right. Actually these things are not people, but they used to be. This is Morendiir, the city of the dead. I do not think they could harm us, but we should not bother them. I'm sure our presence alone is unwanted," Vohl said.
"Oh this is awful," she said, bringing a hand to her mouth. "I don't want to be here. This really scares me."
"Hey, you dragged me over here," Rommus said. "I'll drag you now if you like."
"But Rommus, these are dead people around us," she whispered. "I don't like this at all."
Vohl interrupted as he thought out loud. "One of these buildings has to house the gods. I have never been here before though, so I do not know where it is."
"It's that one," Rommus said as he pointed, "the one behind that building there."
"How can you be sure?" Alana asked, hugging herself to try to calm her fears.
"Because it's made of gold. Everything else here is green."
As they passed the building blocking their view, the gold temple could be seen shining in the sunlight. It was not much larger than the rest of the buildings in the city, but every inch of it was made of solid gold. It was truly a sight to behold, and their breath caught in their throats when they saw it. They moved toward it and climbed the steps, but they hesitated to enter when they reached the columns because they could not see inside. They could see their reflections in the highly polished gold pillars but there was a strange darkness that filled the spaces between them, as if it was nighttime inside the building. Finally Rommus stepped through, pulling the other two with him.
What they saw inside was the most incredible thing they had seen yet. The temple was just a single, large room, made entirely of pure white marble. There was light everywhere, its source seeming to come from between the columns all around them. It was as if the sun made the area outside the temple its home. While it was exceedingly bright, the light did not affect their eyes, and they were able to see everything clearly as the strange illumination filled the marvelous room.
What were more amazing were the seven golden thrones that made a semicircle in the room. But the most astonishing thing of all, what made them all fall to their knees, was the fact that gods sat in the thrones. Everything Rommus had ever known or thought was turned upside-down. His beliefs seemed to wash away in an uncontrollable flood of change. He had doubted everything all the way up until that point, but now that he had seen the gods with his own eyes, there was no longer any doubt. He immediately felt guilty and apologetic.
A booming voice filled the room, but it did not hurt their ears. "Rise."
Rommus did as he was commanded after his companions rose beside him. "You're Oderion," he managed to say to the bearded figure in the center of the room.
"Yes, I am. These are the lesser gods who sit beside me." He held out his hand as he introduced the gods around him. "That is Inshae, god of death. That is Terinopus, god of life. That is Maeris, god of destruction. That is Tachion, god of time. That is Aedensor, god of desire. There is a god missing. Are you familiar with the gods?"
"Yes Oderion," Rommus answered. "The god of war is not here."
"Incorrect. The god of war is in this room." Oderion's thundering voice echoed off the marble walls.
Rommus felt his hair moving slowly in a strange breeze that he could not feel on his skin. He noticed that Oderion's gray beard was affected in the same way, and looked as if it was caught in a slow underwater current. He looked at the other gods and saw the same thing in their hair and their robes. He was thoroughly confused when he noticed that Vohl and Alana were totally unaffected.
"You mean me. You're telling me that I am Arius?"
Oderion laughed a slow, hearty laugh. "No my son. I do not even know your name. I know only that you are a Tirinius."
"Then where is Arius? Where is the god of war?"
"Arius is dead and in the void for eternity. He has been murdered by humans with Archenarius, which you carry at your hip."
Rommus put his hand on the hilt which was hidden behind his cape. "This really is the sword of Arius? And he was murdered with it? How is that possible?"
Terinopus stood up from his golden throne and answered. "It is possible because of the safeguards we have placed between this world and your own. Each god has a bloodline connected to him in the world of the living. The Dirujen is of Inshae's bloodline, as yours is of Arius. If we did not have this connection to your world, we could not exist there. Your sword exists for the same reason, so that it can be used in both worlds; although the one you touch now is different from the one you carry in your world. The one that pierced you is more like the spirit of the sword, and not complete unless you are in this realm."
"Why would you need a weapon in our world? Can't you just control events without them?"
Terinopus put his hands behind his back. "We cannot do anything in your world without connections to our power in this one. Aside from being able to use our power, it also allows a god to be eliminated if it is needed. Although no god can harm another god, things can be altered if our artifacts are used properly. The connection we have to your world comes with a great price. In order for us to exist there, we must be made vulnerable by these rules. To enter the mortal realm, we must become partly mortal. That is the reason for the bloodlines. Only the god of death is safe from this mortality, for no man or god can kill a Dirujen."
Vohl's shoulders slumped and his eyes turned to the floor. "Then it is not possible to ask you to take my life?"
"I am sorry, but no," Terinopus said with sadness on his face. "There is a way for you to break your curse, but I do not know it."
Rommus stared into Oderion's immortal eyes. "So were you all humans once? Did you all become gods through using these artifacts somehow?"
"No," Oderion answered. "We have always existed, even before any existence began. You are the only human to become a god."
"So you admit it. I am indeed the god of war."
"You are something of a god, and something of a man. I'm afraid I do not understand the true nature of your existence. You possess the powers of Arius, and yet you are unable to use them. Your soul does not reside in the Land of the Gods that parallels your world, nor does it fully reside in the world of the living. It was sent to the void when the sword was used on you, and so your power is spread through too many realms. Your human side pulls your soul to where it feels at home, and your god side sleeps inside you."
"You said you didn't even know my name. How can you be sure that I am the person you think I am?"
"Because we called to you. We called to all of those in your bloodline with the dreams. It is a power that the god of life holds. He summoned you here and you came. There is no doubt; you are the new god of war."
Alana took a step forward. "And how can he be sure you are Oderion? Wouldn't Oderion know his name?"
"No, mortal, I would not, just as I do not know your name. I do not care what your names are or what purpose you think you serve."
A defiant look came to her face. "My name is Alana Irith. Now you know."
"Do not show me disrespect again, mortal. Keep your mouth shut."
Rommus took a step forward. "You seem to care very little about the affairs of humans. Am I misinterpreting?"
"No, you are correct. I am god of all things. I cannot deal with the petty problems of mortals."
He took another step towards Oderion. "Then why create us? What purpose do we serve if you do not care for us?"
Oderion's voice got louder. "I need you, Tirinius, to restore balance in this world. My reasons for what I do in your world are not your concern. I have chosen not to hear the prayers of mankind, but at the same time I have allowed them to do as they please. I do not suffer you to worship me; you should not assume that I am listening."
Rommus began to get angry. "So when we build temples and do things in your name, to please you, you look away? When my mother died in my father's arms, you didn't listen? When he prayed to you all, hoping she would be spared, you didn't listen?"
"I told you my reasons are not your concern. Do not tempt my wrath."
Instantly Rommus had pulled the sword and had the sharp blade at Oderion's throat. He could see the coarse gray hairs of his beard reflecting in the polished gold blade. "I did not ask for this, Oderion. I do not want to be a god, especially if eternal indifference is a requirement. I am nothing like you, nor will I ever be. I am not afraid to go to the void, for my life has already been a void itself. I now fear nothing, but I see fear in your eyes Oderion. You don't know if this sword can harm you. You don't know if I am a god with human traits or a human with the traits of a god. You have no idea if the new god of war is bound by the same laws that bind you. Shall I test my theory, oh great king of indifference?"
Rommus felt a hot rage boil up inside him and it was almost too much for him to control. He had no idea if Oderion would kill him instantly or if the god was truly afraid. The other gods had all stood, but backed away, either out of fear of what Oderion would do, or fear of what Archenarius would do to a god. Either way Rommus held his ground. He knew that Vohl and Alana were probably terrified as they stood behind him, and he would be surprised if Alana had not fainted. Although he wanted to turn around and check on his friends, he kept his eyes locked on the god in front of him.
In a blink Oderion had done something. He felt a surge of some kind of power in his chest and suddenly he found himself standing in the Columns of Inshae. His companions were on the floor, but got on their feet as soon as they realized what had happened. He put his sword back in its scabbard and turned to them.
 "Are you both okay?"
"I'm fine. Alana said as she brushed herself off. "What happened? How did we get back here?"
"I have no idea. Oderion must have used his power on us. Maybe he tried to kill me and he couldn't. I don't know what happened."
"I can't believe we spoke with the gods! I can't believe you're a god Rommus. This is all so much to handle. I can't imagine what it's like for you."
"Nothing has changed Alana. I don't care what they told me in there, I am still Rommus Tirinius. I will not become what they are."
"Master Rommus, look!" Vohl said as he pointed.
Rommus could not see what had him so excited, so he went closer to where he stood. He cocked his head at the sight. "What is that?"
Vohl took a few steps toward the strange undulating light that hovered between two of the gigantic columns. He took a closer look and a smile came to his face. "Wait here," he said and he ran around the massive column to the other side. After a moment he returned, slightly winded. "It is as I imagined. Between the columns are shafts of light with images from other temples. Look through there. You can see Reyth. The light between the next set of columns looks to be some other town in Vindyrion. I think we might be able to step into the light and come out of the temples in those places."
"That's insane," Alana said. "I'm not walking through that."
Rommus's cape flapped in the light breeze. "Is it as insane as meeting the gods? Is it as insane as being thrust here instantly by Oderion?"
"I say we try it," Vohl said. "I'll go first. You heard the gods. I cannot die. If it works, follow me. If it sends me to the void, don't"
"Vohl wait!" Alana cried, but it was too late.



Chapter 32

She felt a surge of power similar to the one she felt just moments before. Even though she expected it, she was amazed to see that walking through the columns magically transported them to the town of Reyth. They must have been noticed, because a crowd of people stood outside the temple in the dirt streets, each staring with their mouths wide open. She couldn't imagine what they must have seen, but they most likely saw the three of them appear out of nowhere like ghosts. She smiled, but looked away from them; half embarrassed and half excited about being able to do something so extraordinary.
Rommus completely ignored the people even though most of them stared at him. He made no attempt the hide the sword anymore, and it caught the sunlight when his cape billowed behind him as he strode down the stairs. She wondered what he must be thinking. He walked tall and proud, but she knew that he had to be feeling anger about the confrontation with the gods. She had already forgotten her own feelings about the matter, and instead she was overcome with awe from the entire mystical event.
Rommus reached into a pocket when he reached the bottom of the stairs. "Vohl, take these coins and purchase another horse. Go get the horses we left tied at the pile of stones. Take water with you. I don't want them to suffer and die out there. Bring them back here and meet us at this temple at sunset. Hurry."
Vohl took the money and did as he was told immediately. She watched him break through the line of stunned people and run off to complete his task before she returned her gaze to Rommus. The people still stared silently, but he seemed not to notice them at all.
 "Rommus, what are you going to do?" she asked.
"It's hard to say at the moment, but something must be done. There are people going to war over gods who do not care about them."
The crowd gasped. "How can you say such a thing?" a woman asked.
Rommus ignored the woman and turned back to Alana. "Come with me. We need to find Silas. Do you think you can remember where that building was in Burnhamheade?"
"Yes, I know where it is. But how do you know he'll be there?"
"I don't know where he'll be, but I assume with all the maps and open books we saw that he spends a lot of time there. Come on."
They entered the temple again and to her amazement the same strange light filled the spaces between the columns. He walked down the line of them, searching for the blurry image of Burnhamheade, and when he found it, he pulled her through it. When she entered the light, she watched the columns shift and change shape until they had become the more ornate pointed archways found in Burnhamheade. Again she stood on at the top of the steps of a temple, but this time in the familiar capital of her nation.
"Rommus do you think those people can see the portals? Do you think they can use them?"
"No, I think they can only be seen from inside the temple. We can't see them unless we're inside. I don't think they can use them either. I can feel the portals somehow. They're connected to me in some way."
He took her by the arm and led her through the gathering crowd of curious people. She heard them whispering to each other about how the they appeared in the temple magically, but she took Rommus's lead and ignored them. When they got into the open streets she led the way down a long alley where chickens pecked at the ground. The birds paid them less attention than the nosey people, but they still refused to move out of the way. She tried to gently shoo them away but Rommus just ignored them like he ignored the people. Soon they came to the building that Silas had taken them to.
She pushed on the wall like she saw Silas do but nothing happened. "It doesn't open. Maybe we're in the wrong place."
Rommus touched the wall and she was astounded to see it open easily. He said nothing but walked inside, holding it open for her. She wanted to tell him how amazed she was that he could do that; that it looked like he was able to use magic, but she said nothing and followed him down the wooden stairs. Soft candlelight lit their way.
"Who goes there?" came a voice before they reached the bottom steps. "How did you get in here?"
"I opened the doorway the same way I saw you do it, Silas," he said as he stood tall. "How goes the planning for the war?"
"What do you mean you opened the doorway? You do not know how to do that."
"Yes I do. I'm standing in front of you am I not?"
Silas peered up from under his eyebrows and stood, placing a pen in its holder. "The war is going to be a massacre I'm afraid. We are only going to be able to minimize the damage temporarily while we try to hide some of the women and children. We saw flashes of colored light at the horizon last night, and we assume that the army is practicing magic. From what we can guess, we stand no chance."
"Where is the Vindyri army? Why have I not seen them guarding the city?"
Silas twisted his face as he scratched his neck. "As I told you when I saw you last, we do not speak directly with the King. He has not made his plan known, and we do not know where he is hiding the army. We assume that he has them strategically placed somewhere near the city. Perhaps they have already merged with Commander Soterus and his men."
Alana took a step forward. "Is there any word on if Medoran soldiers are coming to help?"
"No my Lady, not yet. I'm afraid that we do not have the benefit of sending scouts to check on these things, and we Mages are not able to leave the city. We are needed here to protect what the soldiers do not."
"How many Mages are here in Burnhamheade?" Rommus asked.
"There are only about 25 here now. Some were sent to the smaller towns to serve as some kind of protection, but I am thinking it was a mistake to send them there. The army will attack Burnhamheade, not the small villages."
"Yes that was a mistake, but there is little we can do about it now. Silas, I feel something. I think it is magic but I don't know anything about magic. I need you to tell me what it means."
Silas stroked his beard. "Well what is it that you feel?"
"It's a feeling. I feel it here, in the pit of my stomach. It feels like someone is watching me but it's stronger than that. At first I felt it off towards my home of Brinn, but it feels like it got closer and closer. When I was in Reyth I felt it all around me. It was harder to tell what direction it was coming from. Now that I am in Burnhamheade, I can feel it off to the north. Do you know what it is?"
Silas slowly shook his head. "What you describe sounds like a feeling of magic, but I don't have any idea what it could be trying to tell you. Does it feel like some kind of warning?"
"I don't know. It's actually a pleasant feeling, but for some reason it alarms me too."
Silas went to one of the shelves and moved some scrolls out of his way. He opened a small silver box and removed a purple velvet bag. He opened it and removed a small black stone with a hole in the center, throwing the empty bag on the table. The flat surface was obviously polished, but the light from the candles did not shine in it. It had a strange quality about it that seemed to bring silence to all sounds.
"This is a seeing stone. It is not a very powerful item, but it can teach you to focus the power you speak of. When you feel it, hold this in your hand. I cannot explain how it works; you will just have to use it to see." He handed Rommus the stone and then removed a pendant that hung from his own neck. He took the pendant off the leather cord and gave the cord to Rommus.
"Thank you," Rommus said as he threaded the cord through the stone. He put it around his neck and Alana reached up to help him fasten it. "Can I have the velvet bag as well?"
"Of course you can. Take it."
She watched him open the bag and then reach into his pocket. He removed the sand he had collected earlier and put as much as he could in the small purple bag. She wondered what on earth he was doing, but she didn't want to be rude by asking. She found Silas's questioning eyes had found hers, but she could only shrug her shoulders at him.
"What are you doing?" Silas asked.
"I'm putting sand in a bag."
Silas smiled. "I can see that. Why is sand so important to you?"
"This is from the Land of the Gods. I wanted it in a safer place than my pocket."
Silas cocked his head. "What do you mean it's from the Land of the Gods? How could you have been there? I see no wings on your back."
"I don't need wings. I walked across the bridge; although it was almost as difficult as sprouting wings. Luckily I had friends there to help me."
"You must be mistaken Rommus. There is no bridge leading to that place. It fell many centuries ago. You must have it confused with some other place."
"I am not mistaken Silas. The three of us crossed the bridge not long ago. I know it sounds impossible, and I am still struggling to believe it myself, but we actually spoke with the gods."
Silas seemed to believe him as soon as he finished his sentence. His eyes went wide. "Then it is true, you are Arius."
Rommus sighed. "I'm afraid I'm not Arius, but somehow the gods believe that I am his replacement. We couldn't stay long to talk to them because they sent us away."
"What do you mean you are meant to replace him? How can that be?"
"I don't know much, but they told me that humans had killed him, and I was of the proper bloodline to replace him. That's really all I know."
 "A new god of war?" Silas said to the ceiling. "What are the gods like? What message do they send? Rommus you must stay and tell me everything. This is of the utmost importance."
"We're not staying, but we will return. While I am gone, I want you to find men to send to the towns and get the Silver Mages back here. I don't care if they are soldiers or boys; just get the Mages back to Burnhamheade."
"Yes my Lord, I will find riders, even though it will not be easy. Not many can be trusted here in Vindyrion."
"Good. Alana told me that you build all your cities near rivers. Where is the river that Burnhamheade uses for its water supply? We didn't cross one when we arrived."
"The River Aeden branches off from the east and runs through the city, although we use both parts of the river for water."
"So the river stands between Burnhamheade and the Bhoor army amassed to the east?"
"Yes my Lord."
"Destroy the bridges crossing that river. Sharpen large sticks and place them in the water in the more shallow areas. Bind them together so that they form an underwater wall of spikes. Do this at night so that you are not seen. This will slow the enemy as they try to cross, and as the dead and wounded pile up, it will impede them further. The trick will not last long, but it will fool the Bhoors into being more cautious and they will not attack the city so boldly.
"They will most likely attack when the sun is in your eyes, so be especially wary in the morning hours on clear days. However if the Bhoors think you are intelligent enough, they will attack later in the day to catch you off guard. Since your armies have not yet met, they do not know how capable you are, so my guess is that they will strike in the morning."
Silas looked a little worried as he ran a hand down his face. "But my Lord, we do not have soldiers at our disposal for these things. The King has them occupied somewhere else."
"Then find men, women and children to sharpen the spikes. Put them in the river yourself if you must. I don't care how it gets done, just make it happen. You must hurry; the Bhoors will not wait long out there as they run out of food."
"Yes my Lord, I will see that these things are done as soon as possible."
"Good. We will return soon."


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


When she and Rommus arrived again at the temple in Reyth, there was a much larger crowd waiting below them. This time Rommus did not ignore them, but raised his hands as if to silence them, but they were already silent. She figured that maybe it was just to get them all to stare and pay attention to him.
 Finally, with his cape snapping in the wind, he spoke. "People of Reyth, I know you have seen me appear in this temple. I know you are wondering who I am and what I am here for. I come to warn you, and to tell you that all of the Vindyri are in great danger. All men who are able to lift a sword must go to Burnhamheade at once. Warn any other towns nearby so that they can also send men. There is no time to waste."
"Who are you to tell us what to do Medoran?" a man yelled.
"My name is Rommus, but it does not matter who I am. You are already aware of the threat of the Bhoors. It is no secret that their army waits outside of Burnhamheade to attack. Either go protect your capital or die here in the flames after the Bhoors destroy this land one town at a time."
He abruptly stopped his speech and stormed down the steps. She followed him as he cut a line through the large group of curious people standing the dirt streets. They cleared a path for him, although it was not a very wide one. When they had finally gotten far enough away from the noisy crowd, she stopped him by grabbing his arm.
 "Rommus, what are you doing? I thought that you weren't going to fight in this war."
There was a look of anger in his eyes, but his voice did not show it. "What else is there? There are many thousands of innocent people who are going to die because the Bhoors are coming to spread the word of their god. You met the gods. You know what they are like. I will not let the Bhoors advance any cause that those gods might have.
"The light at my horizon, the false sunset that I chased, was nothing. It was just a trick to get me to do as Oderion wanted. I do not want to live in a world where such a god controls mankind."
"But Rommus, he created you. What Oderion wants is all that matters."
"No, freedom is what matters. You heard him. He ignored all of our prayers. If we are so unimportant, so small in his eyes, then I will ignore him as well and do as I see fit here in this world. Freedom is what matters to me, and the Bhoors are coming to crush freedom. We must stop them; and we have no gods to help us."
She paused a moment as she looked in his eyes. "We have the god of war."
"No, we don't. We have a man. I do not have the powers of a god. I hardly have the power of an ordinary man."
He looked like he wanted to say more but something in the distance caught his attention. She saw his jaw muscles tighten and flex as he stared intently. Maybe it was his new sense of purpose, or his brimming confidence, but she was suddenly even more attracted to him than she was before. He stood so calm and proud, like a statue carved to represent power and dignity. She slowly reached out to gently touch his arm but he began to walk away before she got the chance.
"What is it? What's wrong?"
"That man on the horse. Can you see him?"
"I see a few men on horses."
"The one in the center coming towards us. He is coming for me."
"What makes you think that? There are a hundred people on that street and you can pick out one that is coming for you? He couldn't have seen you come out of the temple. He has no idea who you are."
She started to change her mind as she saw the man bring his horse to a run. Innocent people in the street fell to either side of him as he charged up the dirt road. Rommus had pulled his sword and people near him ran for cover. She wasn't sure what to do, so she drew her own sword but backed up against the wall of a nearby shop, giving Rommus room to fight. She decided only to interfere if it was needed.
The man's face could finally be seen as he raced closer to them. He was a handsome Medoran, with piercing blue eyes and a wide jaw covered in bristles. He wore red armor, but only on his forearms. He had a heavy sword in one hand, held out to sever the head of his victim. When the hoof beats were the loudest, Rommus ducked and swung his golden sword at the legs of the man's horse. There was a terrible crack as the animal's legs snapped and its massive weight was thrown into the crowd of gathering people. The man rolled as he fell, but stood up immediately, apparently unaffected by the fall. Many innocent people in the crowd were not so lucky, and were crushed by the wounded horse.
The Medoran approached Rommus. "Rommus Tirinius?"
"I am", was all Rommus said.
"I have come for the sword and your life. Give up now and I will make it as painless as possible."
Rommus wasted no time and brought the sword down at the man's face. He managed to block the strike but it disrupted his balance, sending him off to the side. He did another roll on the ground and when he stood, he instantly struck at Rommus. The man was tall and strong, and was obviously an expert in the use of weapons. She watched the two of them clash for what seemed like forever, their swords clanging and ringing through the silent street.
She wanted to rush in and help, but she feared that it would surprise Rommus and leave him open for the man to kill him. Her face twisted with worry for him, but she stood frozen as the men continued to fight. Her face contorted even more when she saw the man knee Rommus in the groin. He let out a short cry from the pain, but continued attacking and defending.
In a mighty swing, Rommus managed to snap the man's sword in half and send the blade clattering against a wall. The man simply laughed, discarding the broken hilt as he rolled again and stood up several paces away. Alana felt a strange hum in the air and noticed that the hair on the back of her neck was standing up. Even though the sun was warm, she felt an icy chill all over her body.
The man lowered his arms some and made fists as he screamed what sounded like a battle cry. The red armor on his forearms suddenly burst into an intense red light that was blinding to look at and made her want to close her eyes. He raised his arms above his head and his whole body became enveloped in the light, accompanied by a piercing sound that reminded her of the ringing sound of a sword being drawn. There was another bright flash of light that seemed to send a shaft into the heavens, and suddenly the man was covered in red armor from head to toe.
As the light faded she could see more clearly. The armor was a deep red color, and it was trimmed with gold accents. The helmet covered the man's face with a strange darkness that obscured all of his features. The armor shined in an odd way, reflecting only the colors of fire. Instantly her heart sank. She knew who this was. This was the real Arius, returned from the void and here to kill Rommus and take back his sword. Tears came to her eyes as she realized that she was going to watch him die.
Arius punched Rommus and knocked him to the ground. His sword flew from his hand and landed by the feet of the crowd, but they backed away not daring to touch it. Arius calmly walked over and picked it up while Rommus shook his head to get his wits back. Rommus ducked as soon as he stood, avoiding a fatal slice from the sword. Rommus punched at the armor when he could, but it only stung his hand with pain. Arius laughed as he continued to toy with Rommus, and he even smacked the back of his head with the flat side of the sword when he clearly could have killed him. Arius soon found that he had made a mistake though as Rommus hurled his shoulder into his midsection and threw him into a nearby wall. They both fell to the ground and clawed for the sword when it fell. Rommus was able to reach it first.
He jarred the helmet with the butt of the hilt as he used it to punch Arius. He stood up as soon as he could and swung the sword, hitting him in the chest. There was a blinding white spray of sparks when the sword touched the armor, but there appeared to be no damage. Rommus struck again before Arius could stand, this time in a stabbing motion. Again the white sparks flew, but no harm was done.
For some reason Rommus threw the sword in her direction. It landed near her and she bent down to pick it up, taking her eyes from the battle for only a split second. Rommus was smashing the helmet against the street but since it was made of dirt, it did little to hurt Arius and barely even made a sound. The two of them rolled a few times as they struggled, and finally Rommus put out a leg to stop them. He was on top of Arius, choking him with his bare hands. Alana was surprised to see the god flail and hear the crackling sounds of death in his throat. Although it seemed impossible, it looked as if Rommus was actually killing a god with nothing more than his hands.
Soon the flailing ceased, and the hands of Arius fell away from Rommus's wrists. Rommus continued to choke for a while, but stopped when the blinding red light returned. There was a bright flash which made everyone look away, and when they looked again, the armor was gone. All that remained were the red arm guards ringed with gold, and Rommus wasted no time removing them. He placed them on his own arms and stood.
She whispered to him as he came to her for his sword. "Rommus, what have you done? You just killed Arius."
He breathed heavily as he answered. "Would you rather that I let him kill me? Besides, that was not Arius."
"How can you say that? You saw the armor."
"And while you were holding this sword were you a god? Just because the man had the armor did not mean that he was Arius. You heard the gods. Arius is dead. They told us that if the artifacts are used correctly, a god can be killed. They also said a god cannot harm another god, so it only makes sense that humans are able to use the artifacts. Besides, human Mages used the sword on me."
She sheathed her sword and hooked her hair behind her ears. "I guess that does make sense. What do we do now?"
"I came here to find out what the feeling was, and I have done that. It was the armor calling to me. Now that I have it, we can use the portals to travel back to Burnhamheade and maybe a few other towns to warn people about the war.
The silent crowd in the streets parted as they walked, but this time they cleared a wide path.



Chapter 33

"I don't understand. The gods are afraid of Rommus?" Uritus asked the ghostly form of Inshae.
 The gods are not afraid of him as a god, but as a human he may possess powers that we are unaware of. He threatened Oderion with the sword. It was enough to cause a great deal of concern.
"But the gods are responsible for allowing humans to become gods. Wasn't this danger known when you made the rules?"
If you had finished the ritual properly, we would not be in this situation. It is because of your failures that we are cursed with this rebel god who is half human.
"It's not my fault. I did exactly as the books instructed me to do. He somehow was able to free himself from our control before we could finish. I hope you are not angry with me for this," he said, sitting down in his black marble throne.
To dwell on the past is pointless. It is obvious that you did not intend to lose control of Rommus Tirinius. Things still go well, even if the other gods are aware of the identity of the god of war. They are concerned of course, and none of them trust Rommus except for Terinopus. For some reason he has sympathy for him. But the god of life has a weakness for all living things.
Uritus stared at the dark skull of the god as his voice echoed in his mind. "What shall we do now, my master?"
While Rommus is still a possible threat to us, he is not as dangerous as you imagine. Even if it is possible for his human side to do us harm, we have ways of avoiding him. What you must focus on now is finding his father and killing him. Rommus can be dealt with when the time comes, but we must not forget that the father is a threat. We must slay both so that the Tirinius bloodline ends. Only then will the balance of power be thrown to the gods of darkness.
"Denura will not fail us master. He is clever and quick. He will get the sword, even if he cannot kill the new god of war. When he has the chance, he will kill Tannis Tirinius. He knows what to do and what is at stake. If he can get the sword he can kill Tannis with it. That will kill his son in the same stroke."
Yes, it is possible to kill him in the same way you killed Arius. In fact, that is the only way that I am sure he will die. But as I told you before, do not attempt to raise Tannis Tirinius as the god of war. Just make sure they are both dead. As far as your servant Denura is concerned, while he may be capable, I want you to ensure that these things occur personally. Find Tannis and his son and kill them before this war breaks out.
"But master, the war is upon us. I'm sure the Legions are nearing Burnhamheade as we speak. It will take me more than a week to ride there even if I do not pause to eat or sleep."
You are granted the same power Rommus has been granted. Ever since he crossed the gateway between this realm and mine, the old magic has been awakened. The portals in the temples now function again.
He looked up into the empty eyes of his god. "What do you mean? What portals?"
Any god or man who possesses an artifact of the gods can enter any temple dedicated to the gods and choose a different temple to appear in. The transportation is instantaneous.
"You mean I have the power to be anywhere in the world in an instant?"
No. You can only go to places where temples are built. In Bhoor-Rahn and beyond, there are no sufficient temples for this. You are also able to take items with you. You can even take people, but I do not suggest taking more than a few. If the temple loses its connection to you while they are in transit, their souls will be ripped apart.
Uritus grinned. "I understand. How do I use this power of the temples?"


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


"I'm sorry I'm late Red Master, I had some complications with some soldiers in the Moon Legion." Battus Gredda said as he closed the door behind him.
"It's nearly sunset. I called for you two hours ago."
"Again I apologize. How did the speech go? I missed the whole thing I'm afraid."
Uritus sat down heavily in the nearest chair. "I don't know. I think it went well. I picked a much easier plan than faking my death. I simply had another Mage wear my old robes--the ones trimmed in red. I had him on the balcony with me so that people will never assume that I am the real Red Master Mage. I explained that in this time of great distress, we will be working side by side with the Mages."
Battus scratched the back of his neck. "That seems a little flimsy to me. It doesn't sound like you handed the Mages any power at all."
"Well of course it doesn't. I told you before that I can't just surprise all of Medora with a change like that. Change must come slowly; if you cook them too fast, they will jump out of the pot. But regardless of their level of acceptance, this is the way things are going to be. Soon I will not make any decisions as Emperor, and only as a Mage."
"But won't the people notice that the robes of Inshae are not the robes they saw on the balcony? Won't they see that something is strange?"
Uritus threw his head back and laughed. "Oh Battus, you old fool. You should know by now that the public is nothing but an organized cluster of idiots. If they are too stupid to see that the Mages now run the Empire of Medora, then do you really think they are going to notice a tiny bit of red on the edge of a sleeve? Besides, I couldn't very well let any one of my Mages wear the robes of Inshae."
"I suppose you're right, Red Master," Battus said as he folded his hands. "What is it you called me here for?"
"I spoke with Inshae a few hours ago. He has commanded me to go personally to kill Rommus and his father. I need you to watch over Brinn while I am gone. I will not be here in Medora for a few days, but I cannot know how long I will be gone."
"I will have my best soldiers escort you Red Master."
"There is no need for that. I won't be traveling across the land. I'll be leaving here as soon as we finish speaking. In fact, come with me now so that I can be on my way." he said as he stood up, pushing the wooden chair noisily back as he did so.
"I beg your pardon, Red Master, but how do you plan to travel if you are not going by land? Have you found a way to fly in the air?"
Uritus smiled. "No, come with me and I will show you. First let me put on the robes of Inshae."
Uritus went into the corner where he had placed the robes in a drawer. He slipped them on over his clothes and they walked out of the small room and down the elegant halls of the Emperor's Hall. He did not make any attempt to hide his face, for he knew that with the hood up, his face was magically hidden from any eyes the looked upon him. It was good for the people to see a Legion Commander walking with a Mage anyway. It dulled their fears and made them more comfortable with the coming change. He didn't speak however, for he feared that someone might recognize his voice, and he did not want people to know that he was a Mage--at least not yet.
They left the Emperor's Hall and made their way towards the nearest temple. Through the buildings he could see the sun hovering near the horizon; its golden rays fading to red and purple as the cool blues of night crept in overhead. Soon a comforting darkness would blanket the land. He wondered if Vindyrion was already much darker, being that it was farther east. He would see for himself when he transported there.
They came to a temple in a matter of minutes. He turned to Battus before he climbed the marble steps. "Battus, I want the army busy. I can't afford to have them aware of what's going on. Send most of them away from the city. Give them some task to perform; whatever you can come up with. Send them to the southern wall on a special mission or something. Be creative."
"Yes Red Master."
Uritus started to climb the steps. "Pay attention Battus. If I'm right, you should see me walk between the columns, and as I turn around to walk back out, I should disappear before your eyes."
When he reached the top he could feel the power buzzing in the temple. It brought a smile to his face knowing that there was yet another power at his disposal. He confidently walked through the pillars and turned to his left. He took a few steps and turned again, facing the sunset over the rooftops. His smile widened as he saw the strange, liquid-like light floating in front of him, framed by the marble columns. He reached out and swept his hand through the flowing radiance, and it swished through his fingers like the cool waters of the salty sea. Beyond the light was the image of the city of Burnhamheade, waving and shifting as the light moved in wavelike patterns. After a deep breath, he stepped into the fluid mass of light and felt a surge of power well up inside him, mirroring his growing pride.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Rommus and Alana stepped out of the light and into the town of Reyth. The sky was ablaze as the sun dipped below the mountains, seeming to set the mighty range on fire. After practicing a few times in Burnhamheade, Rommus had decided to summon the full armor of Arius and appear to the people of Reyth in the form of the god of war. If they would not listen to a Medoran, they might listen to a god. Unfortunately there was no one waiting at the temple like there had been before. He suddenly realized how silly it was for him to expect people to wait there all day, hoping to see a man appear.
The crimson glow of the sunset reflected off of his sword and armor in a dazzling display of fiery brilliance. He was amazed; not only at the craftsmanship of the armor, but also its strange tricks it played with the eye. He had noticed that only reds, oranges and yellows reflected off its surface, and the sunset seemed to light the whole thing aflame. If anyone would have been there to see it, it would have surely been an intense experience. He sighed and took off the crested helm.
"I hope Vohl has not been waiting long," he said. "Do you see him anywhere?"
A long whistle came from the shadows before she could answer. "Well where did you get that, Master Rommus? I can't imagine the gods handed that armor to you."
"No, a Medoran came and attacked me here earlier," he said as he watched Vohl's figure emerge from the darkness. "He didn't say much, only that he wanted the sword and he was going to kill me. Luckily I killed him first and took this armor from him."
"I see," he said as he nodded. "Do you know what the armor does?"
"I know how to summon it if that's what you mean. There's a feeling I have in my stomach, and I can elevate it somehow and call it. It came to me naturally as soon as I put it on."
"No, I don't mean that. Obviously you can do that, but I mean its other ability. It can show your enemy their fears in its reflections. Those images come to life before the enemy's eyes. I have never seen it happen, but I do remember it being talked about back when the gods walked the earth. Since then I have also heard that it is nothing but myth."
"I suppose we'll find out soon enough. Alana and I both noticed that the shine had an odd quality to it. I have seen red armor before, mostly ceremonial armor made to look like the armor of Arius. But it was always painted with a glossy paint. It never shined like this does."
"Hey," Alana interrupted, "shouldn't we be calling it the armor of Rommus now?"
"Let's not," Rommus said. "I told you I am not like the gods. I don't want any part of this. I only wear this armor now so that no one else can use it against me. When this war is over, I'll destroy it along with the sword."
Vohl laughed a loud laugh as he held his belly. "My friend, you cannot destroy those things. They were made by the gods."
"Then we will hide them. We'll send them to the bottom of the ocean like your rulers did to your people."
Vohl looked a little hurt. "Come now, Master Rommus, you cannot tell me that you do not appreciate the powers those things grant you. I don't think you would want to be rid of them if you really had the chance."
"I don't know Vohl." he said as he shook his head. "Forgive me for bringing up what has happened to your people. I shouldn't have said that. I wasn't thinking."
"It's all right Master Rommus."
"Where are the horses?" Alana asked.
"All three are at the stables down the road. They needed food and rest from the hard ride all day, but we need to get them as soon as possible."
She flipped her hair over her shoulder. "Why? What's the rush?"
"I guess you haven't seen that," he said as he pointed off to the southeast.
When they looked they were amazed at what they saw. Even though darkness was coming, there was enough orange light covering the plains and rolling valleys below them to see the massive Medoran army marching towards Burnhamheade. They were very distant, but the group was so large that they were impossible to miss. Rommus knew that the enemy was most likely aware of them and that the Medorans would not stop until it was too dark to march any more. It was too risky to wait out there in the open while the enemy made plans to attack.
"That is not 40,000 men," Rommus said as he stared. "That must be four or five Legions."
"Yes I saw them when I arrived here a little less than an hour ago. Burnhamheade is much lower than Reyth, so I do not think that the Bhoors there can see them yet."
"No, I don't think so either. We'll ride out and meet them in the early morning. We don't want to risk surprising them in the dark."
Alana frowned up at him. "But Rommus, how can you be sure where the army will be in the morning? And why not just use the temples like we have been doing all day?"
"The army will not reach Burnhamheade this evening. They will stop at a pretty fair distance so that they can avoid being detected. They will get as close as they can, but they won't march or attack in darkness. For that reason alone, we can't use the temples. There is no temple way out there on those plains. We can see them from here; it won't take that long to ride there."
A wide grin creased Vohl's chiseled features. "So you do intend to fight in this war."
There was a brilliant flash of red light that overpowered even the glow of the setting sun. Rommus had let his grip on the magic slip and the armor disappeared, leaving only the vambraces on his arms. "It's all I have now Vohl. It's not the war that I desire; it's the values that I wish to protect. I won't have the Bhoors destroying yet another nation with their ridiculous ideology. I won't step aside and let them ruin our culture if I can do anything to stop it. I only hope that it's not too late for the Vindyri.
"But I know that the two of you probably think differently. Alana, I know your beliefs are not as extreme as mine. I know I am hardheaded and some might even consider me an evil man for the things I believe. Rejecting people for any reason is not looked upon as a noble thing, and most people would probably reject me if they knew I felt so strongly about keeping the Bhoors out. But there's quite a bit of irony there. Acceptance means that they have to accept me and my beliefs along with the Bhoors and theirs; and I just don't see that happening.
"Vohl, I know you probably feel like you have lost all hope. I know that the punishment that you suffer is not a fair one. You probably feel like none of this is worth fighting for. Even though my heart tells me that it is, I cannot expect you two to have the same feelings that I have. I honestly will not think any less of either of you if you ride away from this battle and never look back. Your lives are your own, and you are free to live them any way you choose."
Vohl put a hand on his shoulder. "Master Rommus, you are wrong. I do have something left to fight for. You know that we agree on many things, especially when it comes to the rulers of man. I would not think of missing this war, for you and the Medorans fight for all the things that I believe in. I will follow you into battle, not as a man follows a god, but as a friend follows a friend."
Alana answered next but she stared off at the purple sunset. "You have me too Rommus. We have come a long way together, and in our travels you have taught me things about life; things I never thought about myself. I have seen how complex things are, and yet you explain everything so plainly and simply. You have changed me Rommus, and while I might not agree with you all the time, I think I am becoming who I always wanted to be; and it's because of you. I can't imagine not fighting alongside you in this war."
Rommus tapped a thumb on the pommel of his sword. "Okay you two, that's enough already. Vohl, find us an inn for the night, Alana and I need to find some kind of armor for her if she is going to do any fighting. Hopefully one of these shopkeepers has some and he's not home for the evening already. I suppose you don't need armor being immortal, am I right?"
"I need nothing but the weapons I carry Master Rommus. Have you thought about the effect you will have on both armies when they see you in the armor of Arius?"
"The Bhoors will not care. They don't believe in Arius. But I am hoping that when the Medorans see me they will be filled with some kind of mystical inspiration to help us defeat an army that is many times larger than our own."



Chapter 34

The cool blue light of dawn was already chasing the shadows away when Tannis finally came out of his tent. He had been awake for several hours, bent over maps and meeting with Commanders and other officers to plan for the battle ahead of them. Scouts had finally returned from beyond Burnhamheade where the Bhoors made camp, and the news was not what he wanted to hear. They had confirmed that the force was much larger than the Medoran Legions, and they appeared to be ready to move.
Although it was not natural for him to think it, he had doubts about this war. He prayed to the gods that his men could not sense his uncertainty, but he knew that the Commanders would probably notice it. As far as he could tell, the entire Vindyri army had been annihilated. None of the scouts had seen a single Vindyri soldier since they entered the land, and that was especially troubling to him. It felt like the cold silence before a terrible storm. As he stared off to the clear skies in the east, a familiar voice came to his ears.
"It's coming soon, isn't it?"
Tannis turned to Commander Soterus. "Probably today or tomorrow. Neither army can wait much longer. Our supplies will run out before long. When did you get here?"
Commander Soterus cleared his throat. "We only just arrived. We were camped not far from here to the south. I'm sure the scouts have told you why we didn't attack the Bhoors."
"Yes. They can't even give me an estimate of the number of troops. You did the right thing. If you had attacked them I would be short about 40,000 men. Besides, that would have ruined the surprise attack."
"Do you think they know we are here now? I am almost certain that they didn't detect my forces, but yours is a lot harder to hide."
"Yes, I think they know we are here. That's why I said I think the attack is coming soon. They have to be watching and like you said there is nowhere to hide."
"Have you considered attacking them first General?"
"Of course I have. We will be moving within the hour. If they don't attack us first, we'll attack them."
Soterus cleared his throat again. "General, why have you come in from the northwest? Why did you not take a more direct route when you got close enough to Burnhamheade?"
Tannis sighed and cracked his neck. "I did something foolish I'm afraid. I came this way because I honestly believed that the gods were telling me through dreams to head north. Looking back on it, it was probably a serious mistake. I could have been in the capital three or four days ago if I had not paid those dreams any attention."
"Well perhaps this will fool the Bhoors into thinking you are less intelligent than you really are. It's always good for your enemy to underestimate you. There is a bright side to every problem."
"If all of my soldiers are slaughtered, I will find it hard to see the bright side of that."
"So it is true," Soterus said as he clasped his hands behind his back. "We were wondering if we had all gone mad. You seem to be skeptical of our abilities."
"No my friend, that is not it at all. I do not doubt the Medorans; not their swords or their hearts. What bothers me is the enemy. It does not matter how hard we fight or what we believe in, what matters is who wins the war. No one is going to care what we thought if we all die."
"I admit that I have a bad feeling about this too, General. Perhaps we should head back to Medora?"
"No. We are charged with the duty of protecting our people. We will not run. We do not have that option as leaders of men. We must fight and win at all cost," Tannis said as he turned away and went to find his horse.
"Then can I at least get you to put some armor on this time?" Soterus yelled at his back.
"No."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 

Uritus looked out the tiny window as the sun struggled to rise above the mountains. It was remarkably easy for him to find the Black Mages in Vindyrion; but wearing black robes out in the open made him easy to spot. Almost as soon as he descended the steps at the temple, a man claiming to be a Black Mage hurried him to his nearby home. The man was poor, but he still found food to feed his new Medoran friend. They stayed up all night talking and when the man was convinced that Uritus was indeed a Black Mage from Medora, he went to get a few more Mages. None wore any robes but Uritus, but he kept the hood down.
He turned to the four men sitting at a round table. "So you have no defense against these Silver Mages?"
A heavy man with a thick blonde moustache answered. "No, they have somehow learned to use real magic. It all happened about 15 years ago, when I was just becoming a man. I don't know how they learned to use such powers, but we have not had any luck learning any magic ourselves."
"It was much the same in Medora until recently. I have learned to control magic, and most of my Mages there have been taught. If we had more time I would show you some things to start, but that will have to wait."
The man tapped his meaty hand on the wooden table. "Do the Mages in Medora walk the streets wearing their robes?"
"Of course we do. The people are afraid of us but they are too stupid to do anything about our presence. Why?"
"Well Medoran, as you can see we are not even wearing our robes now. We never wear them unless we are in the middle of a ceremony. It's too dangerous to walk around here with them on. I am surprised that you have not already been attacked."
Uritus chuckled. "Attacked? By who?"
"The Silver Mages. Haven't you been paying attention?"
"My friend, I assure you that no one can harm me. I fear nothing."
"How can you be sure that the Silver Mages cannot harm you? You can't be sure of the strength of their power."
"I am sure because these robes are not the normal robes of the Red Master Mage. They are the robes of Inshae."
All of the men let out a laugh, thinking he was joking. The one with the moustache drummed his hands on the table to express his amusement. "Is that right Medoran? Where did you find them?"
"In the city of Brinn."
Another man spoke up. "We are not stupid Medoran. Don't take us for fools."
"I did not make any accusations regarding your stupidity, Vindyri. These are in fact the sacred robes of our god. I have spoken with him as well. Would you like to laugh about that too?"
"Look, we don't mean to be offensive, but there are no robes. There are no artifacts of the gods; they're just a myth."
"I find it hard to believe that you gentlemen lack any sort of faith. Why on earth would you become a Mage if you do not believe in the things we teach?"
The heavy man leaned back in his chair. "We are Black Mages because we feel that the ideals of the sect are more in line with what we believe. We could have become Silver Mages and been granted power and safety, but they believe things that we don't. We are two groups sharing many traits, but we are divided by our beliefs."
Uritus stroked his chin. "And what exactly do the Black Mages here in Vindyrion believe in that the Silver ones don't?"
"We believe in absolute equality. No man in this nation is any greater than the rest. We must all rise up and succeed together, not as individuals."
"Then the Mages in Vindyrion are more like the Medoran Mages than I was beginning to think. I hold those same beliefs, although I do not have the reckless irreverence for our god that you seem to have. I applaud your vision, but if you were under my control you would be punished for your insolence toward Inshae."
"But we have done nothing to suggest that we do not respect Inshae. You have no evidence of that whatsoever."
"You laughed when I told you about the robes. You claim that the old books tell lies. While it is true that The Book of Oderion was largely made up by Mages countless years ago, the true information was still handed down to you and you mock it. I found a copy of the original Book of Oderion, and it told me where to find the sword of Arius. Another book tells me where the rest of the artifacts are located, and that is how I found these robes. My Mages are back in Medora now, faithfully translating that text and finding other artifacts and items of magic."
One of the men frowned and threaded his fingers together. "You claim that you have found more artifacts? How many?"
"So far we have found the robes of Inshae, and the sword and armor of Arius. We killed the god of war in a ritual and attempted to put a puppet god in his place, but things did not go as planned. He escaped before we could finish."
The man grinned. "You have to understand how ridiculous all of this sounds to us, Medoran. How can you expect us to believe all of that?"
"I don't expect you to believe anything. But if you see a Medoran with a golden sword, kill him. However, if the Medoran has blue eyes, leave him alone. I sent one of my men to retrieve the sword. Hopefully he has it by now. That man also wears the armor of Arius."
"And would we be able to kill this god you created?"
"I have discussed this with Inshae. We believe that he does have some power, but he is not really a god. It is likely that he will age and die normally, and he should be able to be killed."
The heavy man pulled at his moustache. "If this is all true, we have reason to fear this man who is now a god. As far as I know, nothing like this has ever happened. It should be our main priority to find him and kill him."
"You are correct, Vindyri. Nothing like this has ever happened. Inshae has sent me here personally to ensure that the matter is taken care of. As I already mentioned, I have another one of my Mages hunting him down as well. We must kill Rommus Tirinius, and we must find his father Tannis, and kill him too."
"Tannis Tirinius. Yes I know that name. He is the General of the Medoran army; or at least he was many years ago. He is not well-liked here in Vindyrion. Many of our fathers and sons died by his hand and the hands of his soldiers."
"I am aware of that. We are fortunate that the Vindyri think of him as an enemy. If we're lucky one of them will find a way to cut his belly open and spill his entrails. I don't really care how he dies, as long as it happens soon. Inshae demands his blood, for until all of those in the Tirinius bloodline are dead, the balance of power cannot be shifted to the gods of darkness."
"What do you mean? How can killing these men shift any power among the gods?"
Uritus sighed. "It is not easy to explain. The gods need bloodlines here in this world in order to maintain some kind of connection to this realm. This is also the reason for the artifacts. Without this connection there would be no gods as far as we knew, and if there were no gods, there would be no creation. We would not exist without this link between worlds.
"Our goal as loyal followers of Inshae is to eliminate the other gods and grant him supreme rule. As I have said, I have discovered how to kill a god, and it is my intention to kill all of them but Inshae. That is my purpose. That is why I am here in Vindyrion."
The men were shocked and stared at him with wide eyes. "How can you say such things when the eyes and ears of the gods are in every shadow?"
Uritus laughed. "My fellow Mages, the gods are not listening. Have they answered your prayers? Have they given you the success and protection from harm that you desire? Did they keep your fathers and sons safe when they went off to war with Medora? The sad fact is that man is responsible for these things. Man must protect himself. Man must find his own path for success. But this is only a simplistic explanation for our duties. Most of mankind is foolish and cannot take care of themselves. It is our duty to provide these lesser men with a system of rule that ensures that their efforts are combined with the efforts of others. A man is weak, but men are strong. A single brick does not a city make."
The heavy man crossed his arms and stared down his nose at Uritus. "You dare say that we lack respect for Inshae, and you sit there and tell us that the gods do not listen to our prayers? Just who do you think you are?"
"I am a man who understands that is it not man's duty to ask of the gods; it is the duty of the gods to command man."
"You seem very confident, Medoran. I do not know much about what the gods want from us, but I do understand your words. You are beaming with strength and integrity, and I am beginning to feel like you are a man we could all follow. Your view of the world is nearly identical to ours, and we fight for the same cause. We have remained in the shadows as we helped to shift this nation into its current state. We have done much to advance our cause, but the people still hate us, even though we are doing things for their benefit. We dream of the day when we can walk among them as friends and saviors, and when they can understand that we helped to bring such unified success to Vindyrion."
Uritus crossed his arms. "There will always be people who hate their superiors. You cannot let the voice of the people deter you from your cause. You already know what is best for them, so continue to do the things that make this world a better place to live in. People are lazy. Force them to unite and work towards a common goal."
The man with the moustache was silent for a moment as he stared reverently at Uritus. "You are truly a great man. You have a vision and you inspire me. I would follow you if you asked it of me."
Uritus snorted a laugh. "And what would your Red Master have to say about that, my friend?"
"Uritus, you are speaking with the Red Master of Vindyrion. My name is Duncan."
"Is that right? Well if you are willing to follow me, I am willing to lead you Duncan; you and your men."
"It seems as if you have a better idea of your agenda than we do. And if it is true that Inshae has chosen you to wear his robes and take orders from him directly, I don't see how we could refuse to follow you. We will do as Inshae commands, and if it is through you, then so be it."
"Good. I am glad to hear that you are so willing to join with me. Right now I just need those two men dead. Nothing else matters. Send all your men to find Rommus Tirinius. Kill him on the spot."
"How will we know where to find him or what he looks like?"
"Rommus is tall; taller than most men. He is strong and well-built. He has the dark hair of the Medorans and dark eyes. He carries with him the sword of Arius, and he is most likely traveling with an attractive Vindyri woman. His father is even easier to spot. If you should happen to see his father, kill him as well. He is much taller than any man I have ever met, and he wears all black, even though he is Medoran. He wears no armor at all, and he has a black sword.
"I must warn you though, both of them¾especially Tannis¾are extremely dangerous. Both of them were trained as soldiers, and neither of them are fools. While Tannis is the deadlier of the two, Remember that Rommus has that sword. If he touches you with that blade, it will send you directly to the void. Even the smallest cut will destroy you.
"Rommus is somewhere between here and the Land of the Gods, but he is most likely not spending a lot of time on the open roads. Tannis is obviously to the northwest of this city with the rest of the Medoran army."
"So it is true. The Medorans are coming to fight in the war?"
"Yes they are coming. There are two Legions remaining in Medora though to protect the cities and people there, but no protection is really needed. There are no plans to attack Medora."
"How can you be sure of that?"
"I am sure because I have had a part in planning this war. Have you prepared for the war in any way?"
"There is nothing that we can do. We are doing the same thing everyone else in Vindyrion is doing. We will leave the city as soon as we know the Bhoors will attack it."
"You fools. The Bhoors are not here to attack you. The Bhoors are secretly working with the Vindyri army. They are waiting for the Medorans to arrive."


Chapter 35

The roar of the men fighting almost overpowered the sounds of the steel blades clashing. Nearly all of them were screaming; either in rage or in pain. For as far as the eye could see there were Bhoors stretched in front of them, filling the enormous valley with a flowing mass of violence incarnate. Many among them had no armor at all, and some only had weapons when they pried them from the clenched fists of their dead companions. But no matter how poorly they were equipped, there was no doubt that the Bhoors were determined and fearless. He didn't admit it to anyone, but Tannis felt like this might be his last battle.
The Medorans had rushed in to the plains at the south side of Burnhamheade, only to find the Bhoors waiting on the other side of the River Aeden. The bridges had been destroyed, and the Bhoors had placed traps in the water. When the soldiers tried to cross, many men were impaled on sharp sticks placed underwater. Eventually the traps were cleared and the men could move across the river. That was when the war began.
Even under the bright sun there was a heavy feeling of doom that filled Tannis's heart. The Bhoors covered the land for as far as the eye could see, even to the blurry horizon. He watched his men struggling to advance, only to be cut down mercilessly at the enemy line. The bodies had piled up from both sides, and soldiers from both armies eventually realized that they could not fight well standing on the dead. The front line was constantly shifting so that the men could avoid trampling the dead and dying.
Tannis saw that the regular infantry who had crossed the river first was not prepared to meet the enemy. They had rushed in without orders, and death at the hands of the Bhoors was their punishment. After raining down endless arrows on the Bhoors, he decided to try something more aggressive. He had ordered the remaining infantry back and called for the phalanxes, which were groups of tightly-packed soldiers carrying no swords, but instead long spears and tall shields. The men at the edges had armor that was painted to look like flesh, tempting the enemy to attack from the sides. When the enemy realized that attack from the front was nearly impossible, they swarmed into the gaps intentionally left between the phalanxes. They were met by the savage Medoran infantry.
Even though he watched his men do all the right things, they did not gain any ground. The Bhoors did not have any sort of structured plan, but their numbers were just too great. It did not matter if the men were not skilled warriors, because another man was always directly behind him, ready to swing his sword for his cause. Tannis shook his head as he stared.
"Sun Legion! Star Legion! All phalanxes to the front line!" he shouted as his horse reared in excitement for battle.
The command was called down the line and the soldiers began to move. The men at the front saw what was happening and retreated when they saw the long lines of spears coming to the front line. The Bhoors seemed to hesitate when they saw them, and were clearly struck by fear; even if it was only temporary. The phalanxes pushed into the Bhoors and drove them back. The line got longer as more spearmen reached the front, and soon the Medorans were overpowering the Bhoors.
The sun shone down and caught the armor of the Medorans; the dazzling points of light looking like a great ocean moving before him. He watched the Bhoors stumble in a panic, fearing the sharp tips of those Medoran spears and swords. Although the majority of the Bhoor army was unaware of what was happening at the front line, the fear would soon spread among them. He could see his men jump at the opportunity to strike at the Bhoors, and at the same time the Bhoors recoiled and began to break away from the battle, relying on the men behind them to fight in their stead.
Suddenly, out in the distance he saw a man in silver satin robes. He saw some kind of light or fire near the man, and then a terrible explosion in the ranks of the Bhoors, killing hundreds of men in an instant. A few seconds after the blast, a loud boom shook the ground. Shortly after that, the ghastly smell of cooked flesh met his nostrils. His eyebrows came down as he considered who this man might be and how he had accomplished such a feat, but before he could take a moment to think on the matter, another explosion decimated the Bhoors on the other side of the battle. His eyes narrowed as he searched the field, and he was amazed to see that there were in fact many of these men in silver robes spread throughout the Medoran army. None of the Medorans seemed to be bothered by their presence, and the fighting went on as usual, but still he could not understand who these men were. As he watched the Bhoors panic even more, he thought that perhaps these men were the last of the Vindyri army, uniting with the Medorans and fighting their common enemy.
He started moving towards the front line, and as he looked around him for more surprises, he was amazed to find one. Off to his left were three riders coming at the army at full speed. They were partly hidden by the shadows thrown from the buildings in Burnhamheade, but something about them was strange. He couldn't make out who they were or even how they were dressed, but he felt something in his stomach when he looked at them. There was something important about these riders, and he could not tell what it was.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


"Do you think it's too late Master Rommus?" Vohl yelled over the thundering hooves.
"Yes it's too late. The Medorans have obviously reached the river by now. I can hear them fighting even from here. I only hope that there were not too many casualties on our side from the spikes."
Alana looked over at him from her galloping horse. "Do you think that we have a chance at winning this war?"
"There is always a chance. I can't see the size of the Bhoor army from here, but I know it's large. The Medorans are intimidated. I can feel it."
"Is that part of your power? You can feel what the army feels?"
"I don't know anything about any kind of power. All I can do is summon the armor and swing this sword. For all I know, the gods have taken all my powers from me."
Alana's chain mail rang with a chorus of tiny clicks as she rode. "Do you think you're safe Rommus? Are you immortal like a real god?"
Rommus shook his head as his horse ran beneath him. "Alana, I have no idea. I don't intend to let anyone stab me to find out."
"Shouldn't you put that armor on Master Rommus?" Vohl yelled.
Rommus didn't answer but instead just called the armor. A bright red flash filled his vision and temporarily disoriented the horses. They eventually regained their bearings and continued towards the Medoran army at lightning speed. Rommus felt a cold chill in his stomach as they cleared the city limits and saw the immense battle taking place on the south side of Burnhamheade. If the helmet didn't hide his expression, the other two would see a look of fear. He was not afraid of dying, but he feared that the Empire of Medora was about to fall before his eyes. His jaw hung open in amazement until his teeth were jarred together from the violent motion of the horse.
"What will we do when we get there Master Rommus?"
"We do the only thing we can do. We kill."


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


"There are men of magic on the field Zidaoz. What will we do about them?"
"Where are they? How can you tell they are using magic?"
The soldier pointed. "At the front line of battle. They are using some sort of fire against us. The men down there are panicking."
Zidaoz rolled his eyes and focused on the battle far off in the distance. He saw a great ball of orange flame and even felt its warmth on his face. He crossed his hands and held them out towards the battle. When he called forth the magic, a great beam of darkness came forth and shot towards the horizon. In the split second it took to conjure the beam, it stole every bit of sound and light from the battle. When it was over, it had stolen the lives of every man before him. Thousands of his own men died from the terrible magic.
The soldier stared at him with wide eyes. "Zidaoz, you have slaughtered your own men."
"No, I have killed some of the meddlesome Mages who pester my army like bees. The other men I killed were simply standing in my way. They served their purpose. The Medorans now know that I do not care how many of my men die. We will win this war at all cost."
"But those men had wives and children. How could you do that to them?"
 A sneer came to his face. "If I hear another word from your mouth I will do the same to you. Make yourself useful and find Lohken Dirujen."
When the man ran off his sneer slowly twisted into a smile. He could feel the fear in the air and it was more intoxicating than any wine could ever be. His men fought because of that fear. The Medorans trembled before him. Soon the enemies of Rohni would be destroyed, and all would bow to the Zidaoz and his god. He watched his soldiers picking through the armor and weapons of the men he had killed with his magic. He was absolutely delighted at the fact that they did not falter or miss a step. They were all dedicated to the cause. They were all fighting for god. He remained silent a long time, dizzy with his power as the battle continued.
"I am here Zidaoz. What did you need?"
He turned to the voice behind him. "Ah Lohken, I am glad that you could finally make it to the battle."
"I have been here all along and you know it. We have been tending to the beasts."
"Yes, yes." he said as he rolled his hand at the wrist. "Where are these things? I do not see or smell them."
 "They are hidden over there in the center of the field. We had them dig trenches so that they could lie down and not be seen among the troops. They will rise up as soon as we sound the horns."
"Do it," Zidaoz said as he tugged at his beard.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 
Uritus turned to the sound of horns echoing across the field. He had been walking calmly past the men fighting for their lives, killing any who came too close. But the horns caught his attention. He turned around to see a haunting image that took his breath away. Rising above the Bhoor army were great beasts that stood as tall as buildings. They were gray, with bright white eyes that seemed to lack a soul. Even from a great distance he could sense their menacing nature. These things had no capacity for love or mercy; they were nothing but killing machines. He briefly wondered how such animals found mates.
One of the things arched its back and looked to the skies. It let out a terrible howl that caused the battle to almost cease as everyone turned in confusion. The howl was followed by a series of loud clicks that the other things repeated when they heard it. All of them began moving in unison, swatting Bhoor soldiers out of their way as they marched toward the front line.
He wondered for a moment if the Zidaoz had lied about the Dirujen not being a beast. The gigantic monsters wading through the Bhoors were certainly close to what he imagined the Dirujen would be, although for some reason he had pictured them to be red and with wings. Whatever the truth of the matter, the Zidaoz had discovered something beyond the southern wall, and apparently he was in control of them.
A man swung his sword at him but missed. He stretched out a hand and sucked the life from the man, sending his soul to Morendiir in a bright flash of light. He was quite pleased to see that the man was Medoran. He had finally made it far enough into the battle to see Medoran soldiers, and it was a pleasant change of scenery. It was becoming quite boring killing only Bhoors, and he was glad for the change.
He was trying to keep a low profile and not draw unnecessary attention to himself. It was hard enough to do so on the streets of Burnhamheade, but right in the middle of a violent battle it was much more difficult. There was no shadow where he could hide, and all eyes were drawn to him in his conspicuous black robes. This was the best plan though, since he was sure that Tannis Tirinius was somewhere on the field. Perhaps Rommus could escape him for now, but Tannis was a dead man. He picked up the sword the Medoran had dropped so that he could continue his killing more discreetly.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


"What are those things?" Alana said in shock.
Vohl answered as he leapt from his horse. "Those are Thrahks. They are incredibly dangerous. Do not go near them. I will try to get one's attention and control it."
He wasted no time when he reached the battle. He dove into the chaos and slipped in among the enemy, disappearing between them like shadows at dawn. Even when Rommus lost sight of him he could see the Bhoors dropping dead all around him. He was swift and efficient, wasting no motion as he slowly made his way toward the oncoming beasts.
Rommus dismounted and handed the reigns to a stunned Medoran soldier, ignoring him when he asked if he was really Arius. "Alana, stay close to me. That chain mail is not going to do you much good in here. I want you where I can see you."
"I am no amateur Rommus. I can handle myself."
"This is no street fight; this is war. It's too dangerous for you to be on your own, and we don't have time to argue about it now."
She swung her sword at a Bhoor running at her, splitting his stomach open in a gruesome spray of blood and gore. "What's the plan Rommus? What do we do?"
 He blocked an attack and crushed a man's skull with the pommel of his sword, sending the man into convulsions. "The men need to see me. I need to get over there where the ground is a little higher. Then I need to find a way to draw attention to myself."
She kicked a man in the groin and hacked at his neck as he hunched over. "Well get going. We can't just stand here."
All the men around them seemed to be in shock. They were confused at the sight of the god of war fighting alongside them, and talking to a female Vindyri warrior as he did so. A few of them were so caught off guard that they fell under the swords of the enemy. Rommus thought that perhaps wearing the armor into the battle was not a good idea after all. It was too late however, and he needed to get to higher ground so that the Medorans could see him and see that the god of war was fighting with them. If he could only inspire them, perhaps they could defeat the enemy.
"Where are the Vindyri soldiers?" she yelled over the roar of battle.
"I thought I saw some black armor over there, but I can't be sure. Everything is just a blurry mess."
He slashed his way through the never-ending wall of Bhoors lapping at the front line like relentless ocean waves. Their leather armor did little to protect them, so when he confronted any, they were not hard to kill. He had lost count of how many he had slain, and he had only been fighting for a few moments. The dead were strewn all about, leaking wet, slippery blood onto the battlefield, making it hard to walk. He almost fell many times, catching himself ungracefully before he hit the ground. There were a few times he felt a sword glance off his armor, but luckily no blade caught his flesh. He pressed onward, making his way toward a small hill where he could be seen more easily.
"Watch your step Alana, and keep an eye out for those Thrahk things," he said as he turned to her. Panic shook his soul when he saw that she was gone.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


While the strange and incredible sights of the battle were hard to ignore, something else had caught his attention. Even with the bright, deadly flames and the giant things walking calmly toward him, his vision was pulled to a woman; a blonde woman. His eyes were not as good as they were when he was younger, but Tannis could see well enough. This was the woman who had stabbed him back in Brinn. He could not understand why this woman was fighting alongside the Medorans, but it didn't matter. He cracked his neck and brought Rhodiir to a run.
Everything moved in slow motion. No sound reached his ears as he focused on his target. She was busy defending herself and totally unaware of him as he sped towards her with his sword drawn. There was no way that he could miss her. His sword was raised high above him, his muscles already burning with the strain of the mighty swing. The whole scene moved painfully slow, looking more like a still painting than a battle. He could count the thundering hoof beats booming in rhythm with his own heart. His sword whistled through the air, and she was still totally oblivious. In another instant her body would fall to the ground, followed by her head. 


Chapter 36

He felt a sudden, numbing pain in his right hand. He couldn't understand how the girl wasn't dead. As he rode past her he saw her swinging her sword at the Bhoors surrounding her, apparently unaffected by his attack. In his confusion, he looked down at his hand where his sword should have been, only to find it missing. He turned his horse around, perplexed but still in a white-hot rage.
He jumped from his horse when he saw his sword on the ground. Someone must have hit it with their sword as he rode past and knocked it from his hand. It was the only explanation that made sense. As he bent to pick up the blade, a heavy boot came down on it.
"She's with us, leave her be."
He slowly looked up at the man who was standing on his sword, ready to tear his arms and legs from his body as soon as he stood up. When he saw who it was, his rage was totally extinguished and he felt as if he was going to faint.
"Arius? It cannot be," he stammered.
Arius did not answer but turned to the girl and helped her to kill the rest of her attackers. Tannis stood in awe as he watched the god of war slice through his enemies. He was filled with a dizzying mix of pride and confusion, and he found it hard to stand. When the girl's eyes finally met his, she went pale, looking as if she might faint herself. He could not see the eyes of Arius, for a strange darkness inside his helmet kept his face hidden even in the bright sunlight.
"This woman fights for the same cause we do. Why would you try to kill her?"
"She tried to kill me in the city of Brinn. She is an assassin."
"You're mistaken. She was wrongly accused."
"No Arius, I am certain."
The girl began to cry. "Rommus, he is right. It was me. I have felt so terrible, but I just couldn't tell you."
Tannis glared at the girl. "Rommus? How do you know the name of my son? What is going on here?"
"I think we all have some explaining to do," Arius said as he removed his helmet.
"Rommus! How dare you wear armor like that and pretend you are a god? And what are you doing with this woman?"
The girl spoke before he could answer. "Please forgive me General Tirinius. I was wrong to do what I did. I am Alana Irith; you killed my father and my brothers Angelo, Edgar and Logan. I was seeking revenge, but I regret it now."
"I have killed many men in my life, but only men who sought to do me harm," he said as he looked at the two of them. He could see his own fury mirrored in the eyes of his son.
"How could you lie to me all this time? How could you do this after all we have been through?" Rommus said, barely containing his anger.
Tears streamed down her cheeks. "I did it before we went through anything Rommus. It was a mistake and I'm sorry."
Rommus put the helmet back on. "I don't think your apology is enough."
Tannis wasted no more time. He bent down to pick up his sword, fully intending to slice open the girl's belly. But then he heard a scream behind him. The girl had spun in a flash and cut a man nearly in half; a man who would have killed him if she didn't kill him first.
She wiped the tears from her face as the man thrashed on the ground. "When this battle is over, we can argue over if that makes up for trying to kill you."
 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 

There was a terrible sound that pierced the air and brought pain to his ears. Zidaoz could see men dropping their weapons to cover their ears, and he found that he had covered his own, twisting his face in hatred for the sound. Lohken stood silently next to him. He didn't seem affected by it at all.
"What is that?"
 Lohken smiled, creasing his chiseled features. "It is the Thrahks. They have come to the place safe enough to use their power. See over there? All those Medorans have just been killed."
"I see nothing. The beasts are in my way."
"Look beyond them; over there to the right. Can you not see the scorched earth?"
 "Ah yes. I see it now. What happened?"
"If you wait a moment you will see it for yourself. The females will mimic the male."
Sure enough, another shrill sound cut through the roars of battle. He saw a bright blue light in front of one of the Thrahks as it walked towards the Medorans. The beam of light came from its chest and absolutely annihilated everything in its path. The beast seemed thrilled with the outcome, and clicked its claws together rapidly in excitement. Other Thrahks answered with clicks of their own.
Lohken laughed. "Look at how the Medorans run. They are losing their nerve because of these beasts."
"What did it do? How did it do that?" Zidaoz asked. "I could not see very well."
"Believe me Zidaoz, it is much better to see it from this angle than from the front of the beast. Its chest opens, exposing a sort of magical core inside the thing, and an instant later a beam of energy is created. Nothing can survive that attack."
"Yes I can see the devastation. Does it tire? When I use magic like that it drains me and I need to rest."
"It will eventually run out of energy, but it has vast reserves. The seven of them could probably destroy the entire Medoran army before they needed rest."
"Excellent," Zidaoz said with a smile. Then something caught his attention. "Lohken, do you see that man down there in that open area? Is that a man wearing black robes?"

 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 
 
The Medoran soldiers almost seemed to clear a path for him as he made his way through the battle. He shook his head to himself as he thought of the fools. They were afraid of him because he was a Mage, and instead of trying to kill him, they just let him pass. It was certainly easier than hacking his way through the Bhoors though. The Bhoors didn't care who they killed; all people who did not worship their god were their enemy.
His breath caught in his throat. On a hill not far away, he saw a flash of red in the sea of men. Although he had never seen it in full, he knew that he was looking at the armor of Arius, gleaming with a crimson sheen that lit the field afire. It was a dazzling sight, and he almost turned away from the fiery glory as the sun beamed off the armor. He smiled, happy that Denura had made it to the battle.
Then his smile withered. He saw Tannis Tirinius, then the girl. He felt his blood run cold as he realized that the man wearing the Armor was not Denura, but Rommus. He stood tall and proud on the hilltop, raising his sword above his head. It caught the light of the sun, reflecting it into his eyes and making him squint.
Then there was a menacing crack of thunder, accompanied by thick veins of lightning that came out of the clear skies above and licked at the golden blade that Rommus held in the air. Immediately the ground shook with an awful violence, opening up huge tears in the earth and sending nearly everyone stumbling to the ground. When he got back on his feet, he was amazed to see that the Medorans were all standing tall, unaffected by the spectacle. If Rommus had learned to use his power, he had to be stopped. Uritus wasted no more time and ran towards him.

 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 
 
The Medoran Legions took the display as a sign from the heavens. Even with the constant barrage from the Thrahks, they fell into lines again and let out a battle cry that stole the confidence of the Bhoors and put fear in their hearts. Rommus was amazed that the Legions were so inspired by what they had seen, and took the opportunity to charge into the enemy. They were still greatly outnumbered, but the soldiers now had a mystical inspiration burning inside them; a gift given to them by the god of war.
"How did you do that?" Tannis asked as he tore through the front line next to his son.
"I have no idea. It kind of just happened on its own. There's a lot to explain but right now isn't the time."
"Yes I guess what matters now is killing those beasts."
Rommus chopped an arm off of a Bhoor, killing him instantly with the sword's magic. "Yes they are more dangerous than the men, but all these men stand between us and them."
One of the Thrahks picked up a soldier and tore him in half. His screams were accented by the horrid sounds of tendons ripping and the wet snap of bone. The other beasts seemed to like the idea and began picking up soldiers; maiming them and throwing their crippled bodies into the oncoming Medorans. It was a frightening sight, and even the bravest of men seemed to doubt their courage.
Suddenly the noise came again. Men all over cringed and waited to be cooked alive by the terrible beams that came from the monsters in the field. Even Rommus closed his eyes and waited for death, but to his amazement, it was the Bhoors who received the deadly blow. The smaller of the monsters had turned around and was devastating the Bhoor army. The other beasts turned around too, crisscrossing the enemy army with deadly rays of incredible power. The rotting meat smell that had been in the air was overpowered by the sickening stench of burnt human flesh. Even the swords and shields were melted in the intense heat, burning and boiling in bright orange pools on the battlefield.
"I guess Vohl got to one of those things," Alana yelled as she stabbed yet another Bhoor.
"Yeah but why are the other ones attacking the Bhoors too?"
"You're asking me? How should I know?"
"What are you two talking about?" Tannis asked as he swung his sword.
Alana answered. "We have a friend who claims he is able to control beasts like that. He must have reached one."
As the Thrahks continued to devastate the Bhoors, more and more of them panicked and ran for their lives. The fight in them was gone, and now they wanted nothing but to escape the horrible destruction that was crashing down upon them from all angles. The whole scene was a fiery nightmare, and the Medorans eventually slowed their attack when they saw the doom raining down on their enemy. At one point the Bhoors made an attempt to regain control of the Thrahks by sounding the horns again, but this just seemed to enrage them. They continued their rampage, chasing the multitudes of men as they retreated in horror.
"Rommus look out!" Tannis yelled.
It was too late. A wild flash of purple flame filled his vision. There was a hot feeling all over his body, but as he flexed his muscles to check his injuries he could not detect any. He had been knocked to the ground, and above him stood a dark figure, cloaked in tattered black robes. His face was hidden like any Mage, but this man was different than any Mage he had seen before. Aside from the feeling he felt tugging at his soul, the Mage was different because he could obviously use magic.
Tannis lunged at the man before Rommus could stand. He could hear his sword ripping through the black fabric, and he even saw the black blade coming out through the chest, but the Mage just laughed. It didn't seem like the blade was piercing any flesh at all.
"I'll deal with you later," the Mage said as he held out a hand to Tannis. A dark cord of magic flowed from his hand and into Tannis, causing his muscles to seize and his body to fall like a statue in an earthquake. Alana immediately bent and began pulling him away from danger.
Rommus was on his feet before he realized it, swinging his sword at the Mage. The man brought a sword up to block the swing, stinging Rommus's hand with the vibration. Many blows were exchanged, and the clash of swords caught the ears of everyone around. With the battle essentially over, the Medorans formed a wide circle to watch as the god of war fought this Mage; or perhaps Inshae himself.
There were several times when the Mage attempted to use magic on Rommus, and each time he could feel the uncomfortable buzz of discomfort it created. At first it greatly concerned him, but he soon realized that it did him no harm. Unfortunately the Mage also seemed unaffected by the golden sword, as Rommus could feel it slice deeply into the robes without even making the man flinch. His muscles were burning, and he was beginning to think that there would be no end to this battle.
Suddenly Rommus remembered fighting with the man who wore the armor of Arius. Perhaps the man was granted some magical power that protected him against weapons, but maybe Rommus could kill him with his bare hands like the other man. He threw his sword, its point sticking into the blood-stained soil, and dove for the man. The Mage swung his sword wildly, hitting the armor in various places but doing no harm.
Rommus wrestled the man to the ground. He was surprised to see that his face was covered in shadow even in the bright rays of the sun, but he still reached into the hood to find the man's throat. What he felt inside was strange and disorienting, and he had a hard time determining where the man's head was. He struggled, but no matter what Rommus did he could not choke the man. His plan was disintegrating and he could not think of what to do.
Then he felt something. It wasn't a face or a neck, but something else. He grabbed hold of the thing and yanked it from the hood. In his palm was a small piece of gold, carved to look like the rays of the sun over the rock that he and Mirra called their own. At first he was confused how someone else could have possessed such a similar item to the one he made for her, but then waves of understanding began flooding his mind. This was the very same pendant he made. He knew the man who struggled beneath him.
The strange, comforting feeling began to rise in his blood and a forgotten memory returned to him. He suddenly remembered the day when he thought he was going to die in the woods and somehow he overcame the horror; the day when the sky went black and seemed to laugh at his pain. He felt the power boiling inside him, and he knew that he could crush this man. His eyes widened with rage, and the squirming Mage finally showed genuine fear in his movements.
There was a purple flash that blinded him. He shook his head to clear his vision, only to see that the man was gone. He heard the soldiers surrounding him cheering for a moment, thinking that he had killed the Mage. It took a few seconds for him to see the black robes in the crowd, mounting a horse and heading towards Burnhamheade.
Rommus stood and pointed. "Stop him!"
The men did not hesitate, but rushed in around the man. It did them no good however, for anyone who came close fell dead instantly. Rommus thought to chase him, but he was too far away, and his thoughts turned to his father when he saw Alana hovering over him.
"Is he all right?"
Alana looked up at him. "He has been moving some, but he hasn't said anything yet. I think he's coming out of it; whatever it was. Who was that man? I have never seen a Black Mage in Vindyrion."
Rommus looked at the pendant in his hand and showed it to Alana. Her eyes showed him that she knew exactly who the man was too. Her jaw went slack, and her eyes took on a look of sadness and sympathy for him. Rommus didn't feel a need to even say the name, and instead he just shook his head at the ground.
"This man is your father," came a voice from behind him.
Rommus turned and met the eyes of Vohl. "Yes he is. I suppose we do look a little alike. I see that you got to one of those Thrahks."
"Yes. I got to the male. The females follow the males, so I knew that the others would turn on the army if I could reach him. I was very lucky," he said as he brushed some dirt from his black overcoat.
"We were all very lucky," Alana said. I'd say about half of the Medorans have been killed in this battle."
"Yes it's a shame. The Bhoors took a great loss as well, but they are still a formidable force. I am amazed that they retreated."
"I'm not amazed," came a groggy voice. Tannis attempted to stand, and did so with Alana's help. "You took their beliefs and cast them into the wind. They saw another god on the field that was not their own, and that struck them at their hearts. Then those monsters started to destroy them. Any man would run from such a thing.
"However, I am very displeased with you Rommus. I do not agree with pretending you are a god; even if it did win this battle. Look at all these soldiers on their knees bowing to you, thinking you are Arius."
Rommus looked out at the thousands of men surrounding him, falling to their knees in respect. "I don't agree with that sort of thing either, father. Let's go into the city. I have something to show you."


Chapter 37

The cool autumn breeze did its best to sweep the streets of the leaves speckling the city with their fiery colors. With all of his troubles, he had not really noticed the seasons changing, and he was sorry to see summer go. Soon winter would come to blanket the land in its icy silence, smothering crops and happiness and slowing time for all those who longed for spring. It was a price that everyone had to pay; wealthy and poor alike.
After a full day of bloody battle, the sun was finally sinking towards the western horizon, shedding the last of its warming rays before allowing the moon to rule the night. That same sun and moon and their eternal journeys were attributed to Oderion, but Rommus knew better. He understood how they worked, and he wondered if Oderion was gifted with that same knowledge. Something in his soul told him that the gods did not care to know such things.
"This is what you wanted to show me?" Tannis asked. "A temple in Burnhamheade?" 
Rommus pointed. "Turn around and look between the columns."
He could not see his father's expression when he saw the shimmering images of distant lands between the columns of the temple, but he could imagine what he was thinking. It was still new in his own mind, and it was just as incredible and unbelievable as the first time he saw it. He knew that his father would take him more seriously if he showed him something magical; he just hoped that he would believe him.
Tannis turned around to face him. "What trickery is this?"
"It is no trick, Master Tannis. These are the portals of the gods," Vohl said.
Tannis began to speak, but Rommus spoke first. "I want to give you something father." He reached in his pocket and held out his hand. "This is just ordinary sand in this velvet bag, but it means something to me. It's something I took to remind me of when I overcame a fear, but I want it to mean something different to you.
"This sand is from the Land of the Gods. I have crossed a bridge that was never meant to be crossed, and I have become something that I should not be. The things I have seen recently have changed me, and I don't want the things you are about to see to change you. Keep this sand and remember your beliefs about the Land of the Gods and the gods who live there. You are the man you are because of your beliefs. I don't want you to have to change them."
"I'm supposed to hold to my beliefs about the Land of the Gods, but I'm supposed to change how I feel about this Vindyri who tried to kill me?"
Alana stepped forward. "I changed my beliefs about you General Tirinius. I ask you and your son for forgiveness, but I do not expect it. When you captured me I kept my name a secret, fearing that you would remember the names of my father and brothers and know that I was seeking revenge. I was very young when they were killed in battle, but that loss has made me who I am today. With every negative there is a positive. Everything is built on balance."
Remarkably, a smile came to Tannis's face. "I forgive you, Vindyri. You have proven your worth since your mistake. You'll have to forgive me as well, for I do not remember those names; I can hardly remember the names of my own Commanders.
"But I must correct your logic. Nothing is built on balance. You will hear the endless echoes of empty-headed philosophers and self-righteous fools who preach about balance being the key to everything, but they know nothing. It is imbalance that allows the wolf to kill its prey. It is imbalance that allows an army to win a war. A world that is balanced is stagnant; imbalance is progression."
Her eyebrows knotted. "But what about the balance between predator and prey? What about how the predator eventually dies and feeds the soil so that the prey has food to eat?"
"You really think that one dead wolf makes up for all the animals it kills in its lifetime? Think about it; the only things that matter are things that end up tipping the scales in one direction or another. It's how problems are solved and nations are built. There is no balance in this world, no matter what philosophers tell you."
Rommus cleared his throat loudly. "None of this has anything to do with what I am trying to show you father."
"And what is it you are trying to show me, my son? That the gods are real and these portals are proof? I need no such display to reinforce my faith."
Rommus looked in his father's eyes for a moment, half impressed with his unwavering faith and half saddened by his blind devotion. He had no idea what the truth was, and yet here he was, standing tall, certain that his way was the only way. It was going to hurt him to find out that things were not as he thought and that his son was now a god. Rommus didn't say anything but walked down the row of columns, looking for the portal to Brinn. When he found it, what he saw made his eyes go wide and his stomach drop. He ran into the glowing portal, hoping that the others sensed his alarm and followed him.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


"We have regained control of the Thrahks Zidaoz," Lohken said. "Your army is still in some kind of panic, and they are scattered about. It will take some time to regroup."
"They lack faith. I will need to show them something to make them believe again. We must not let the nonbelievers fool them with their false gods. What we saw today was nothing but a trick used to shake the will of our people. I must show them that what they saw was not really a god."
"I know that what we saw was not a god, and yet the man somehow used the powers of a god. I could feel it in the air."
"No, it is just a trick," Zidaoz snapped. "How did you fail with the Thrahks?"
"We did not fail, Zidaoz. The Thrahks did exactly as we trained them to do; they followed orders from the Dirujen. Unfortunately one of our little rebels, Vohlhemoneer, found his way to the battle and ruined our plans. I have already sent some of my men to find him. We have a special punishment planned for him."
"I do not want your problems in addition to my own. Find him and get rid of him. I do not want any more excuses. The spread of the word of Rohni must not be slowed or stopped. All mankind must bow to him!"
 "Of course Zidaoz. Have you contacted the Medoran and told him what happened in battle today?"
"No, by now he knows that I have altered the plan. He will be enraged."


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


"I missed it," Tannis said as he fought to hide the tears coming to his eyes. "I should have known that it wasn't the Bhoors making the dust clouds the morning we left. I have failed the Empire."
All of them stared, totally shocked at what they saw. The city of Brinn was in ruins. Many of the stone buildings had been knocked down, and anything that could burn was either on fire or smoldering. It must have been a great effort to pull down the columns and walls all over the city; a feat difficult to imagine. The cobblestone streets were peppered with the dead bodies of Vindyri soldiers; their black armor blending into the shadows of the coming dusk. There were also countless bodies of Medoran citizens ripped apart and slain mercilessly by the black wave of Vindyri soldiers that must have crashed down upon the city earlier in the day.
"They had this all planned from the beginning," Rommus said. "They betrayed us."
Vohl swept his cape behind him. "You mean that the very same people you were helping came here and did this to your city?"
Tannis surveyed the damaged city as he spoke. "Yes, they fooled us. I had wondered why I didn't see any Vindyri soldiers in Vindyrion, but I just assumed the Bhoors had destroyed them. They must have crossed the mountains to the north to elude us and attacked the city when they saw all the soldiers leave. We are in a great deal of trouble now."
"Why?" Vohl asked. "The damage has already been done."
Rommus answered when Tannis was silent. "Now we have both the Vindyri and the Bhoors to fight. Our Legions already took a great loss today. The army is not strong enough to fight the rest of the known world."
Tannis descended a few steps and ran his hand through his hair. "I should have seen this threat. I should have seen it coming."
Alana approached him and put a hand up on his massive shoulder. "But Tannis, you can't live your life always thinking that danger is around every corner. It's not your fault."
"It is my fault, Vindyri. There are those who live their lives blindly searching for happiness, and there are those like me who make sure those people are safe. I cannot miss any detail. It is my duty to protect. I do not expect ordinary people to see all the signs, but you must understand the danger of ignorance. We have been warning the people for a long time, and they refused to listen. Those who ignore the threat are as dangerous as those who threaten."
Vohl took a step down towards them. "Master Tannis is right, Alana. There is no greater danger than opening yourself to your enemies. Pretending that they do not wish to harm you is a mistake of the highest order."
"General!" a voice called from the foot of the steps. Pirius stood, holding an injured arm. "General they came this morning. The Earth and Moon Legions have left us unprotected. The Vindyri attacked the citizens and destroyed both Brinn and Taburdum."
People began emerging from the buildings as they heard Pirius yelling up the steps. Many of them stared in awe, obviously confused by the red armor reflecting the orange rays of the setting sun. Most of the men were injured, and some were not able to stand without assistance. The women were crying and were even nursing some injuries of their own. Both the men and the women still held tightly to the handles of swords and knives, obviously fearing the Vindyri would return.
"Where is the Emperor?" Tannis asked in alarm.
Pirius's eyes filled with tears along with many of the eyes of citizens gathering at the foot of the temple. "He is gone General. He was killed shortly after you left."
Tannis looked enraged. "Then where is your brother?"
Pirius shook his head. "I do not know General."
Rommus looked down in his hand at the golden pendant he still held. He knew where Uritus was; or at least he knew where he was a short time ago. All of the destruction, all of the death, all of the innocent people suffering all around him was doing something to him. He felt sorrow and anger searing his soul as he thought about the things he had lost: the Emperor, Mirra, his city, his normal life. He felt that strange feeling in his blood boiling inside him, burning him like a weapon in a hot forge. He thought of Uritus betraying him, Mirra betraying him, his nation left unprotected by the selfish new Emperor; that Emperor who wanted him dead.
He found himself screaming. It was not a scream of pain or rage, but more like a battle cry. He arched his back and looked to the skies. Dark clouds tore across the sky at incredible speed. A cold wind whipped through the trees and the people in the streets. Black lighting came down all around him as he rose slightly into the air. Thunder shook the ground and shattered parts of the already ruined city, sending marble chips and dust flying.
When his lungs were finally emptied, he returned to the ground and the clouds and wind had vanished. To his amazement, no one was staring at him. Instead they all were bowing to him; even his father and friends.
"Get up," he said. "Don't bow to me, for while it is true that I have become the god of war, I am only a man." When no one rose he repeated himself louder. "Get up!"
His father rose and some of the people followed his lead. "Is it true son? Have you somehow found a way to become a god?"
"I found nothing. I did not ask for this curse," he said as he scanned the crowd of people. "Get up I said; all of you. Look, I am just a man."
He took of his crested helm and put it under his arm. The crowd was shocked, but soon the wide eyes turned back to the ground. Everyone in the street fell to their knees again.
Alana stood up. "You're here to save them; god or not. Can't you feel it in the air? You're a hero to them Rommus."
"Hero? I have done nothing for these people. I am no hero."
"You inspire them and they feel safe, Master Rommus," Vohl said as he stood and brushed the dust from his knees. "And I saw what you did on the battlefield today. You are a hero if I ever saw one."
Rommus shook his head to get rid of the thought. "What about you father? Are you angry about this? Things are not how you believed them to be. I have met the gods, and they do not even bother to listen to your prayers. They are nothing like what you imagine."
"It does not matter, my son. I still know the difference between good and evil in this world, and I will continue to fight for freedom and for my people. I will not change who I am."
Alana hooked some unruly hair behind an ear. "What about you Rommus? Now that you have found that the light at your horizon was nothing but an empty trick that the gods played on you, what will you do?"
He looked out at the glorious sunset over the ruins of the city of Brinn; the orange flames of clouds burning his eyes as the ocean seemed to extinguish the sun at the horizon. "I have a light to follow now. I have something that drives me; something that gives me purpose. My enemy is now my light, and I will not rest until we destroy every last one of them. We have a war to plan."


T  H  E      E  N  D

###


Dear Reader,

If the messages in this book resonate with you, please help to spread these messages by recommending Mighty Hammer Down to at least two other people. And feel free to write a review!

Thank you,
David J. Guyton  


Visit www.davidjguyton.com for information on the next book in the series.



